COLONIAL NEWS. VICTORIA. We have Melbourne papers to the 24th January. The steamer summary of the Argus, pub- lished in that paper ot the 20th January, although professedly a continuation merely of former summaries, is in some respects a sum- mary for the year 1853. The first tabula re- turn given, of the gold receipts by escorts dur- ing the seven weeks ending the 16th January, shows a gradual decline in the amounts: these weekly returns were 40,000 ounces, 38,000, 33,000, 34 000, 30,000, 32,000, and 21,000. The comparative imports and exports ot the colony during the year 1853 show a marked contrast to those of 1852. In 1852 the im- ports into the colony were £4,089,000, and the exports £7,451,000, showing a balance in favour of the colony of £3,400,000. But during 1853 the imports into Melbourne were no less than £13,800,000, and the exports from Mel- bourne only £9,500,000, showing a balance against the colony of £4,300,000, as regarded the trade of Melbourne. Yet in the face of a falling rate of production, and of an unfavor- able balance of trade, we find the Government, after receiving the customs duties on the im- mense importations of 1853, obliged to come forward with a confession that their revenue would be about a million short ot the sum re- quired for the enormous expenditure sanctioned and asked for, for 1854. Tue original estimate of expenditure for 1854 was £3,265,000, to which the Legislative Council recklessly added £500,000 more, while another £200,000 was re- quired for the Melbourne water-works, making a total of four millions sterling. But the original estimate of revenue, for 1854, only exceeding by some £50,000 tho estimated expenditure, had been greatly diminished by the refusal of the Council to sanction the gold export duty, and some other arrangements, and the falling gold production now promised less return from that source also. The Government proposed in this dilemma to increase the customs duties on ale and sugar ; to lay an assessment on stock, to leave the pilotage service to sup- port itself, and to impose a tonnage on foreign ships. The customs charges were ex- pected to yield £440,000, the stock assessment £100 000, and the shipping charges £100,000. But this would still leave a deficit of one mil- lion sterling, which the Colonial Secretary pro- posed to raise by a loan on debentures. The Council however refused to raise the duty on spirits, or place one on sugar, so that another £400,000 deficit would have to be provided for. -The Argus notes also chat the influx of population from Great Britain and other coun- tries had sensibly fallen off, that in consequence wages were rising, houses getting more abund- ant, and rents falling. In Melbourne itself great building improvements had been made, notwithstanding the enormous cost of building. The population of the colony the Argus is esti- mates at 233,000. -Allowing their due weight to all the considerations named by the Argus, and to the now probable falling off of British shipments to Australia generally, which would still further reduce the customs revenue, the Government deficiency in 1854 is likely to be very large it all the voted expenditure is gone on with. Admiral Sir Charles Hotham, recently the Commissioner or Plenipotentiary of England to settle the troubles on the River Plate, in South America, was said to be appointed the new Go- vernor in plaoe ot Mr Latrobe, advices to that effect having been received by the Madras, But there does not seem to be any certainty in the report. Mt. Latrobe had engaged a passage for England. The only definite report we have yet seen on the Cuptain Paterson coal field country is pub- lished in the Melbourne Herald on the 21st January. It is a report to the Government by Mr. A.R.C. Selwyn, geological surveyor, the result of an examination ordered by the Go- vernment. Mr. Selwyn notes that he had not devoted sufficient time to the examination to acquire a thorough geological knowledge of the locality and the country inland, but his conclu- sion so far is, that while the carboniferous for- mation appears to occupy a very considerable area in the disirict, extending in a N.N.E. , and easterly direction from Western Port Bay, the actual coal veins yet found appear to form small irregular cakes and patches rather than per- sistent beds ; the largest veins yet found having, so far as they had yet been followed, proved to thin out, split up into bands, or terminate abruptly, instead of forming continuous beds, of uniform or increasing thickness. About Cape Patterson, where Mr. Terry's coal dis- coveries are being now tested by him in the hope of obtaining a Govemment reward, or forming a company to work the coal, five seams have been found of the following thickness res- pectively : four feet, three feet six inches, five inches, one foot six inches to two feet, the three latter seams being at some distance from the two first. These two thicker seams, named by Mr. Terry the Queen and the Rock Veins, and comprising jointly seven feet six inches, Mr. Terry is now engaged in testing by sinking a shaft, &c.; , some distance inland. Mr. Selwyn's present opinion is that although the coal in them appears good, the beds will not prove large enough to pay the cost of forming a tramway to the water's edge of fifteen miles. Melbourne Gold Circular.-Saturday, 21st Jan., 1864.- The arrival of the overland mail on Monday morning, briuging news of hostilities having commenced, hail the effect of shaking the price of gold for a little, but it recovered during the day, and the price remained firm at 76s. 6d., which continued throughout, the week, the demand exceeding the supply for shipment by the Harbinger and Sovereign of the Seas. Number of persons arrived..........1802 Number that have left...................377 Addition to our population this week..1425 Addition this year..................................3981 The Escorts brought from-. oz. mount Alexander and Bendigo.......19,644 Balaarat, including Geelong........... 8,909 The Ovens......................................... 5,053 M'Ivor................................................ 612 Amount this week....... 31,213 Amount this year.................... 92,678 Gold shipped in 1854............. 25,405 Per Harbinger to London....... 57,826 Per Kangaroo to ditto.............. 10,111 93,342 Or 3 tons 17 cwt. 2 qrs. 3 lbs. 6 ozs , at 75s. per oz....................................350,032 Exchange on Longdon - Drafts against gold taken at 1 per cent, discount. The banks ad- vance from 50s. to 60s. per ounce. Freight of gold delivered at the Bullion Office, London, 4 1/2d. per ounce. Insurance, 2 1/2 guineas per cent., free of war risk - Edward Khull, Bul- lion Broker, 55, Great Collins-street West. -- Argus, Jan. 23. Bendigo-Sandhurst, January 18. -Land Sales - The government land sales held by Mr. E. N. Emmett, began on Monday. They were held in the Theatre Royal, and were well at- tended. The land put up consisted of thirty- nine acres situated at Barker's Creek, where the roads trom Bullock and Forest Creek open into the main road from Bendigo to Melbourne. The sum total realised by the sale of these thirty- nine acres was £6000 The allotments were half-acre in size. The highest amount realised for one allotment was £570, and the lowest £7. The average price realised for the allotments was £150. Several allotments went at £300 each. On Tuesday seventy-three lots were sold, but the sum realised was only £2500. This was suburban land, and it averaged £3 10s. per acre, the highest amount bid was £20, and the lowest £2 11s. per acre - Argus Correspondent. The Weather.- Some half dozen copious showers of rain fell during Saturday night, the beneficial effects of which might be easily per- ceived by any person who penetrated a few miles into the country yesterday.- Herald, Jan. 23. Importation of Breadstuffs -An official return of imported breadstftfs and provisions, from Octooer 1, 1852, to October 1, 1853, has recently been published by the Victoria Govern- ment, and the Melbourne Herald gives the fol- lowing epitome ot the classified totals exhibited . \- Flour and bread, 36,024 tons, wheat, 52,514 bushels; barley, 92,418 bushels, oats, 65,547 bushels, maize, 109,546 bushels ; rice, 2261 tons ; peas, 692 tons ; malt, 20,062 bushels, other grain, 15,818 bushels, butter and cheese, 2862 tons, hay, 6141 tons, hops, 1200 pockets , oatmeal, 2974 tons ; potatoes 8026 tons , onions, 410 tons; other vegetables, 98 tons; salted provisions, 3213 tons. The proportion of the above supplied trom North and South America was heaviest in the articles of flour and bread, bailey, oats, and salted provisions, although several other items from that quarter of the world are tolerably large. Of bread aud flour, America supplied 15,541, or more than five- twelfths of the whole, of barley, 66,998 bushels, or three-fourths ot the whole, of oats 211,482 bushels, or nearly one-third of the whole, of salted provisions, 1765 tons, or more than half of the whole import. Imports of Bread Stuffs, Grain, and other Cereals During theWeek - English wheat, 1111 bags; flour, 26 tons, 3100 barrels, 6273 bags, pilot bread, 5 quarter pipes, 24 barrels, crackers, 50 kegs, oatmeal, 360 bar- rels, 450 bags; barley, 37 bags, beans, 100 bags, vetches, 20 bags; gartanzos, l8 sacks ; maize, 1000 bushels, 244 bags , oats, 651 casks, 480 sacks, 1467 bags, 9895 pockets, pollard, 5 tons , bran, 2 tons, 892 bushels, 556 bags , hay, 30 tons, 231 bales, hops, 42 pockets.- M. He- rald, Jan. 21. Melbourne Hay Market, Jan. 20 -A large quantity has found its way to market this week, the number ot loads being from 25 to 30 daily. The price has fallen in consequence, and mode- rate hay may now be purchased for £30 per ton. First quality brings £39, and second ditto £35 per ton.- Herald, Jan. 21. Melbourne Flour Market.- Flour has de- cidedly risen. It is very firm at £33, both at the mills and at the stores of the importers. Indeed we are aware of considerable sales of Adelaide first flour, warranted, at £34 ; Ameri- can barrel, £2 10s. to £3, Haxall and Galego has been sold as high as £3 5s. Sour flour cannot be quoted higher than £1 5s. Patna rice is exceedingly scarce, and may be quoted at from 18s. to 21s. per cwt. Hay is rather lower ; sales have been made at from £32 to £33 - Argus, Jan. 23. WESTERN AUSTRALIA. We have Perth papers to the 28th November. From a report in the Independent Journal of the 4th November, it appears that a great addi- tion to the wheat crop of the colony was ex- pected this year, a great breadth of additional land being under crop, and the promise of the yield being good. The Geraldine lead mine, from mismanage- ment at the mines, instead of paying a dividend on the last year, was £1100 in debt when the annual meeting was held on the 9th November, but a vein of silver lead ore having been dis- covered, said to be of rich quality, and a commis- sion appointed with power to reorganise the working management, it was hoped that in future the shareholders would receive a dividend from their property. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL.-There sEems to be a doubt whether the Legislitive Council will be called together again this year for the purpose of passing a supplementary, estimate, as it is con- sidered sufficient for all purposes of the Govern- ment to have an early meeting in the next year, when the supplementary business can be dis- posed of at the same time as the regular work of the sessions for 1854. We have no doubt that the country members will hail this with great satisfaction, as their being called away from their stations any time betwen the present and the end of the year must be attended with great inconvenience.- Ibid, Nov 4 THE WEATHER. - We are happy to hear that on Thursday last each of the eastern districts were visted by heavy rains, which have had the most beneficial effect upon the crops, and, in the opinion of many, ensured our having probably the finest yield of corn this year, that has been experienced since the commencement of corn growing over the hills - Ibid, Jan 10 FEMALE Immigrants- We hear from the country districts a that large numbers of the female immigrants who have recently arrived in the colony are being absorbed into our popu- lation by marriage. We consider this a matter for congratulation under present circumstances, and it is quite clear that the Home Government in their late shipments of immigrants to this colony had other objects in view than merely supplying us with female domestic servants. An equalization of tbe sexes will have the effect of retaining many a man amongst us who would have sought to settle himself in some other colony, and the better disposed of our popula- tion would under other circumstances have established a "local habitation and a name" else- where.- Independent Journal, Nov. 4. VAN DIEMENS LAND. (From the S.M. Herald, Jan 28 ) Our advices from Van Diemen's Land are to the 16th instant. A series of awful calamities had occurred in the Huon district, caused by bush fires, and lesser calamities in other districts, trom the same cause, had also occutred. Active measures had been taken for the relief ot the sufferers. The Courier of the 13th has the following. It is our painful duty to record the occurrence of a most frightful and tremendous conflagration on the banks ot tho Huon, at Ports Cygnet and Esperance, and other localities in the southern parts ot the island, which h is not only involved an awful sacrifice of houses, timber, and valu- able property, but, we regret to say, the loss of fourteen human beings, of varions ages, who are reported to have perished in the flames The stones of individual suffering which have reached us are heart-rending in the extreme, and in the absence of any detailed report from the police authorities in that district, we are only enabled to glean such snatches of intelli- gence' as are contained in the following narra- tive. The fire, we believe, broke out at Port Cygnet on Wednesday, and soon revelled in terrific grandeur. The escapes in many instances have been truly- miraculous. We have heard of a man who, with two women, sought refuge in a sawpit, which was no sooner entered than they were enveloped m a whtrlwind of fire by which they were severely scorched, and from vvhence they only escaped, on the partial subsidence of the flames, by the man dragging the females out into the open air by the hair of their heads, It is also stated that another woman was en- veloped in flames, with an innocent little child in her arms, which was scorched to death. We sincerely hope that such a tale of anguish may not be authenticated. The large house erected by Mr.'P. S, Tomlin» at the Snug, now occupied by Mr. Dunn, is entirely burned down. It would be knnossible to estimate at this period the probable loss which has been expe- rienced. Many of the poor people, who before the conflagration were comfortable in their means, are now reduced to beggary, their huts, tools, bedding, provisions, and wearing apparel being totally destroyed. At Lymington, Port Cygnet, familiarly known as .' Copper Alley," from the reported discovery of a piece of copper ore in that locality,-the damage has been very extensive. The whole of Mr. Murphy's Inn, with (it is reported) six months' stock of porter, &c;, has been burned to a shell, only the brick walls remaining. Throughout the whole of the district the casualties ore reported to be fourteen ; bat, as the police boat was entering the port when the Culloden was leaving, autheutio particulars may shortly be expected. Mr. C. Watson had no time to save anything, except his watch and bank-book ; Mr. Mullen lost a lot of valuable timber, and his trusty watchdog was burned to death on the chain. In the same neighbourhood a poor woman had been offered about breakfast time £150 for her crop of potatoes. Id less than an hour and a half they could be picked up by handfuls cooked to perfection. Another female was burnt out of house and home, finding it impossible to save even a blanket to pnt around her four children. All the property she saved from the general ruin was three or four shirts, the property of some splitters, entrusted to her to wash. A couple of saw-mills in the course of erec- tion have escaped the general conflagration. A small detachment of Sappers and Miners employed on survey duty were forced to abandon their tents, their valuable instruments, dia- grams, provisions, &c.; One of these men; named Forbes, on making his escape was nearly overtaken by the flames, and rushed to a water- hole for protection. He found a large number of snakes bud resorted to the same spot, but choosing rather to face them than the devouring element, be was providentially saved. The awful grandeur; of the scene was never surpassed in this colony, the heat was so great that gigantic trees ignited like matchwood. The top of one laree tree giving way was pre- cipitated into the Huon, clearing in its passage the masts and rigging of a vessel which lay in the stream. Mr. M'Connell's place, situate in the Huon district, was ravaged by the flames ; 160 tons of blue gum, stacked ready for transmission to market, has been not merely charred, but en- tirely destroyed. Mr. O'Cailaghan has lost 20,000 palings and a large quantity of valuable timber. A man named Mac, who will he recollected as having only onetarm, formerly employed mea- suring timber for Mr. Marsh on the New Wharf, was completely burned out. The house of Mr. Young, of Peppermint Bay, fell a prey to the flames, and besides a valuable horse, all his fur- niture and a large stock of timber is lost. At Port Esperance we have heard considerable damage has been done. At Flight's Bay, the whole of Mr. Andrewar tba's timber has been destroyed, as well as the extensive saw mills which have now been in ope- ration for some considerable time. The loss of Mr. Audrewartha's property involves a sacrifice of several thousand pounds. It was about one o'clock yesterday morning before the fire went down, a smart shower falling at the time. The houseless inahabi tants then proceeded in search of their former habitations, but in almost every itstance, we are told that scarcely a vestige remained. All was desolation, the blackened earth being strewed here and there with the charred remains of animals that had perished in the flames, while the falling of numberless trees rendered it extremely dangeri/us to move among the ruins. About sixty passengers carne up in the Cul- loden, including a large portion of the sufferers. It is believed than six hundred persons would gladly have left if they had had the where- withal to pay their passage, but all their worldly means were vanished. It is but due, however, to state that several of those who did come up had no money, aud Captain Gourlay made no demur. One of the passengers, a female, was dread- fully burned, and upon the arrival of the steamer in harbour was forwarded in a cab to the Colonial Hospital, with but slight hopes of recovery. From the con fusion which prevailed at the time of the steamer leaving it was impossible to conjecture how many were missing. But it is to be hoped that the casualties are" not so many &s; at iii st apprehended. It is stated that Mr. Lovett, of the Franklin Wharf, has also lost a large quantity of timber. The report as to the death of a child in the arras of its mother has not been confirmed, but we hear that a man carrying a woman and child was compelled to leave the latter behind. The church at Franklin has escaped the genera! conflagration. At " Cooper Alley" Mr. Thomas's log tavern has not bevn injured. Fires also occurred on the other banks of the Derwent, in the localities of Muddy and Cla- rence, Plains, South Arm and Pitwater. At Muddy Plains, besides the dwelling-house and other property of one of Mr. Beauvais' tenants, about ten miles of fencing has been destroyed, and it was with the greatest difficulty, and solely by the exvrtioiis of Mr. Morrisby, junior, that a child of Mr. Huxley's was saved. Tfie woman whom we reported as being severely burned, and forwardc-d to the Colonial Ho-pital, lost her child in the bush. Hobart Tow.n Markets, Jan. 16.-The wheat »nd flour market is altogether stagnant. Nothing worth nolica is c miing in, and holders will not sell ; the quotations aro therefore no- minal. The bakers charge 7¿d the 2lb. loaf, but a further rise is promised. Wheat, per bushel, 13s. 6d. to 14s.; oats, 11s.; barley, English, ils.; ditto Cape, 12s.; hay, loose, per cwt., üös. ; ditto pressed, 25s.; straw, 10s. ; potatoes, new, 25s.; flour, 35s. to 36s.; onions, Launceston Markets, Jan. 16.-First flour is £-0 per ton, and some orders for Hobart Town, where it is worth £35, have been executed at the former figure. Wheat 1 Is. Speculators in hay are not willing to give more than £12 or £13 for the article in stack, carting being high, and a decline in price not improbable. Several sales of pressed have taken place at £-22 ; lamb 4s. 6d. to 5s. per quarter ; veal and pork Is. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We extract from the Melbourne Herald Ade- laide news to the 18th January. The Weekly Despatch states that the surveys on the Murray are rapidly progressing. There is siid to be very considerable tracts of fine land on the eastern bank of the river ; but it is the very large extent of country running south from the Tungkillo, and now occupied merely as a cattle mu, perhaps the finest and most valuable land in the district, which is most attracting the attention of settlers. This fine district will probably be immediately surveyed and thrown opan to purchase. Dr. Browne, of Booboorowie, had given infor- mation to his liïcclu-ncy the Lieutenant-Gover- nor of a practicable rome for drays to Port Augusta, at the head of Spencer's Gulf. "It is also stated that fresh water eau bo prooured withinafevr feetof thesurface. The official reports of the last voyage of the Government schooner '{Yatala to Port Augusta and" Ur. Browne's infor- mation, establish the fact that there is very do a rable shelter and depth of convenient anchorage' for'largo"ships, which might load~"tÏÏê"rë for" Europe whenever the northern settlers shall he prepai ed to supply a cargo. A survey party is soon to be despatched to marl: off a port town- ship lor sale. This northern district extends from Black Bock Hill north up to the Frome River (where Mr. M'Kinlay the furthest settler is) 220 miles, and eastwards to the Uiver Dar. liug, and includes au-ar,ea-.of-öO.QÜQ-aqnara nnleB, on portions of which there are about.% dozen claimants of rnns, who have resorted to this new country within the last two years, and some of whom; are now stocking it with sheep. ' The Ijieutejiant-Governor had appropriated £3o'oo from tbe general revenue for corporate "pnjposes. A large quantity of wool, (estimated yai £1500, the property of G. A. Anstey, Em "^ destroyed by fire at Yorke's Peninsula. ' * A public meeting had been held to taeq. rialize the Home Government not to diaalU, that portion of the New Constitution Act vrljU provided for the creation of a nominee ¡ink? house and a civil list. Mr. Talmer addressed a letter to the Govern offering to command an expedition into the .> terior for the purpose of exploring the co*jrjttt to the north- west of East Torrens. ' Several extensive bush-fires are leoorded. < A gentleman from the north (states the J¡¡, gister) has written to inform m that gold ]L been discovered in the neighbonrbood of Koj, ringa. Onr correspondent says-"The Jj,, cuvery was made by Mr. Logan, sheep-farm, and by some of his men. One piece of was picked np about half an ounce, and sstm nice little bits. Kapunda is all in a ferment, people are just on the wing. Several parfit are gone from here this morning, and more »¡¡| leave to-morrow." A fire broke out on Saturday afternoon on ft, section adjoining that of Mr. Charles Giles, il horticulturist and florist on the Third Cre^ It originated through a man blasting a log, tk¡ fire from which caught the grass and scruo, n> spread rapidly m the direction of Mr. Gil^, section, through which it passed, dtstroyjj. many thousand fruit trees, and a treat numbs,; of valuable English plants and shrubs. 1¡, Giles's loss alone is estimated at £1500, fire then took the direction of the Tiers, aridí supposed to be raging still. 