¿M)öneg Netos THE SCHEDULES. (From the Empire, Nov. 14.) It is intended to submit to the Legislativ* Council a series of resolutions, of which we subjoin a copy, for the purpose of getting rid of the conflicting questions involved in the consi- deration of the Schedule and Territorial Estimates^ The proposed resolutions are as follows : I. That a sum not exceediug £23,583 16a. fid. be appropriated to defray the expense of those services for which provision was made in the Schedule A part I to the Act of Parliament 13 and 14 Victoria, cap. 59, being the expenditure at present authorised after the deduction ot such, amounts as bave been provided in the Schedule A to Schedule I of l8 and 19 Victoria, cap. 54. II. That a sum not exceeding £24,38018s. 8d. be appropriated to defray tbe expenses of those services tor which provision was made in the Schedule A part 2 of the Act 13 and 14 Victoria, cap. 59, being the expenditure at present authorised after the deduction of such amounts as have been provided in the Schedule A and B to Schedule 1 of the act l8 and 19 Victoria, cap. 54. III. That a sum not exceeding £100 be ap- propriated to defray the expense of an addition to the salary of one clerk in the office of the Colonial Treasurer, and £300 for additions of £100 each to the salaries of three clerks in the office of the Auditor-General, together with £150 for the regulated amount of temporary increase to two of the latter salaries. IV. That a sum not exceeding £3058 be ap- propriated to defray the expense of those services for which provision was made in- the Schedule A part 3 to the Act 13 and 14 Victoria, cap. 59, being the expenditure at present authorised, after the deduction of the amount provided in Schedule C to Sehedule I of l8 and 19 Victoria, cap. 54. V. That a sum not exceeding £14,400 bo appropriated to defray the expense'of tem- porary increases to salaries payable under Schedule C to Schedule I of the Imperial Act l8 and 19 Victoria, cap. 54. VI. That a sum not exceeding £237,37116s. be appropriated to defray the expenses hitherto chargeable apon the Territorial Revenue, being the amount of the estimate for said expenses submitted by his Excellency the Governor-Ge- neral on 5th July, after deducting certain fixed and contingent liabilities to which the Govern- ment is pledged. GOULBURN.-Owing to the beautiful drying weather, sheep-shearing and washing are going on most speedily. The heavy prices demanded for shearing is, unhappily, a great drawback to the squatters, some of whom are giving as high as 4s. per score. The Goulburn merchants give somewhat conflicting statements relative to the quality of the clip. We are informed by a gentleman recently arrived in town from Braid- wood, that the crops in that locality are looking remarkably well ; the drought baa been confined chiefly to Goulburn and its immediate vicinity, last month having been very wet in the Braid- wood district. The crops appear beautiful and most luxuriant from Braidwood until nidway past Hyland's and the inn kept by Mr. Hector Macdonald. We are very sorry to state that the crops in the vicinity of Goulburn, at the present moment, are in a very critical state. If we have not rain in a week the most disas- trous consequences will ensue to the agricultur- ists of the district. We trust, however, that symptoms of a plentiful supply of rain will be promptly realised. The crops in the ontlying localities are most promising, and abundance of rain has fallen outside of the boundaries of Goulburn. The reports of the grain crops are moBt cheering.- Goulburn Herald, Nov. 10. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL -We are given to understand it is definitely arranged that his Excellency the Governor General will dis- solve the Council on Tuesday, the 27th No- vember instant.-S. M. Herald, Nov 13. COLONIAL ARCHITECT'S DEPARTMENT. We are led to believe that the resignation of the Colonial Architect has not been accepted by the Governor General.-& M. Herald, Nov. 13. BUSH FIRE«.-Damage to the extent of upwards of £300 is said to have been expe- rienced at Cook's River by the bush fires on Saturday. The principal sufferers we have heard of are-Mr. Favell, whose dwelling was injured ; Mr. Lillybridge, whose dwell- ing and furniture, if not consumed, is ren- dered unfit for use ; and Mr. Levi Bardon, the fence and trees of whose orchard are affected. It is with much pleasure we state that in many places where it was most to be feared the results would have been disastrous, no serious injury was inflicted. The fire at St. Leonard's injured the fences around various homesteads, and, in some instances, even gardens and pleasure grounds, but beyond this lhere is nothing serious to re- port.- S M Herald, Nov. 13. DEATH OF A CHILD FROM BURNING.-An inquest was held yesterday before the coro-- ner, Mr Brenan, at Mr. Onan's, the Crown Inn, Brickfield Hill, touching the death of a female child named Jesse Smith, aged three years and six months. It appeared that the mother of the deceased child rented a room in Swan-street, and on Saturday morning last, during her temporary absence from it for a few minutes, the child went too near the fire, and her clothes ignited. Attracted by her screams, the mother ran into the room, and found her enveloped in flames. She immediately extinguished them, and sent for Mr. McPhee, surgeon. That gentle- man arrived, and although he paid every attention to the unfortunate child, she ex- pired the same day. Verdict, died from accidental burning.-S.M.. Herald, Nov 13. SHOALHAVEN.-CROPS.-Wheat that was sown early in the season will soon be ready for the sickle. If the weather continue favourable, I have no doubt but that we shall have an abundant harvest. Some of the wheat in the vicinity of West Dapto looks remarkably well.-Illawarra Mercury, Nov. 12. TWOFOLD BAY.-We have an ugly cus- tomer down here in the shape of a dirty looking caterpillar who is playing sad havoc with the young corn, cabbages, &e.; The wheat is looking well, and I believe the potatoes are nearly all planted.-Illawarra Mercury, Nov. 12. NEWCASTLE. - We cannot congratulate ourselves in this district upon any alteration for the better in the state of trade, we are nevertheless free from any serious disasters in the shape of bankruptcies and insolven- cies, in our little, though somewhat impor- tant commercial and industrial, community. The raines, and the miners ure kept steadily at work ; the former at no very great advan- tage to the proprietors, while the latter are perhaps upon the whole doing better for themselves now, than at the period when their wages were considerably higher. The shipping belonging to the Port suffers more then the coal interest upon the whole, since, from the expenses it ia under from the peculiar, jiature of the property, and the trade in" which it is engaged, a difficulty is experi- enced in working it without loss ; the general complaint being latterly, bince the depression in the market, that the vessels are kept longer under the cargo than formerly. Some of the owners are beginning to lay up their vessels and others are bringing them into market for sale, but not one of them seems disposed, now that the colonial market is overstocked, to make an effort to open up an export trade, notwithstanding the conviction is very prevalent among them, that the colonial and inter-colonial demand, is not equal to the supply of this district alone, and that to sus- tain present interests, and keep pace with the improved and improvable facilities of production, a foreign trade is indispensable. CRICKET.-The opening match of the season, commenced on the 29th ultimo, between the Australian and Marylebone Clubs, -carne to a termination yesterday afternoon, in Hyde Park, when the former club were again victorious over their old rivals, having de- feated them by twenty eight runs after a well contested game which occupied nearly the the whole of two days-. The batting of J. M'Kone, Hilliard, and Tunks, on the part of the Marylebones. and of champion Murray, and O. Lewis, of the Australians, was greatly admired, as also the excellent bowling of Messrs. C Evans and J. M'Kone, and the lad Rutter, from Parramatta. The fielding on either side, has never been excelled, within our recollection.-Empire, Nov. 13. . ILLAWARRA.-THE WEATHER.-During the past three days the weather has been very oppressive, accompanied by violent guilts of hot wind from the north-east, and clouds of dust. To add to our discomforts, the bush for several miles around has been on fire. On Friday and Saturday nights the apex of Mount Kembla presented the appearance of a volcanic eruption, the flames having ascended to its summit. On Saturday at noon the thermometer stood at 99 degrees in the shade and 150 degrees in the sun ! almost incredible.-Illawarra Mer- cury, Nov 12. BUSH FIRES NEAR NEWCASTLE -We have had a blustering hot wind for the last three days, very variable in its duration, though chiefly from the westward ; and there is reason to believe it will have done much mis- chief to the crops. Sunday night was illu- minated with bush-fires in every direction, many of them were no doubt clearing fires; but in the direction of Port Stephens, it hardly seems probable that the extensive conflagration visible from this city and ex- tending along that coast, apparently in a continuous line from seven to ten miles, could have been an ordinary clearing fire; and considerable apprehension is felt less serious damage may have been done in that direction.- Empire, Nov. 13. NEWCASTLE -CORONER'S INQUESTS.-An inquest was held on Saturday last, on the body of a man named Henry Joyce. It ap- pears that the deceased had belonged to the brig Janet, and had been left behind on account of sickness, when the brig sailed on Friday last; he died on Saturday morning. The jury returned a verdict of death from excessive drinking.-A man belonging to the Waratah fell off Donaldson's coal shoot, about nine o'clock on Saturday night. The body was found this morning, and an inquest will be held at II o'clock.-On Sunday after- noon, the second son of Mr. George Tully was killed by a boat being blown over on him, as he was playing on the wharf ; an inquest will be held to-day.-S. M. Herald, Nov. 13. WINDSOR, NOV. 12.-THE WEATHER.-We regret to say that Windsor has not bean exempt from the hot winds which seem to have prevailed in Sydney and elsewhere during the last few days. The first attack of the weather was on Friday, whioh was excessively hot and windy ; but Saturday was twice as bad. The agitated air with clouds of dust, and furnace heat, rendered that day as fearful as could well be imagined. Temporary erections of all kinds were scattered to the winds; zinc roofing suffered considerably, while the young fruit on the trees was blown about in all directions. Considerabfeioss of'the latter will, no doubt, be felt this year. To add to all-and what worse than all-the bush was on fire in many places, particularly between Windsor and Penrith, and towards Pitt Town. On Sunday the wind BÜghtly abated. By Monday it became less violent, and cooled in temperature to some extent. While we write, things are beginning to get oalm again, and people are ridding them- selves of the accumulations of dust and rubbish with which they have been burdened during the visitation.-Herald, Nov. 14. HORTICULTURAL IMPROVEMENT SOCIETT Ross SHOW.-The Horticultural Improvement Society held their first show of Roses yesterday iu the Botanic GardenB. The attendance of visitors was pretty numerous, the weather being particularly fine ; in addition to the previous sale of tickets, about £60 was taken at the gates during the afternoon. The Band of the Xlth were in attendance. Among the visitors were his Excellency the Governor-General, and some members of his family. The arrangements for the exhibition were judicious and tasteful. Ia addition to the show of roses there were also exhibited pinks, piccotees, carnations, gerani- ums, and a few miscellaneous specimens. The hot winds lately prevalent did much to impair what would otherwise have been one ol the best exhibitions of the kind yet held. In particular, the roBes appeared to have suffered greatly, and the show of this flower consequently fell short of what was expected. The other fliwers sus- tained less damage.- Empire, Nov. 14. NARROW ESCAPE.-A lad named Henry Stone, in the employ of Mr. Rooney painter and glazier, of the South Head Road, nar- rowly escaped being killed on Sunday after- noon last, under the following circumstances. It appeared that on the afternoon in question, about four o'clock, Stone in company with a number of other youngsters, amused himself by throwing stones at a cow, which was grazing on an open space of ground immedi- ately beyond Darlinghurst Gaol, and near Jenkin's mill. The result was, in their being pursued by the enraged beast, who, over- taking Stone, raised him on her horns, and threw him some distance, rendering him in- sensible. Fortunately for him, however, the beast did not renew the assault, but walked away. Shortly after Stone's reaching his home, it was rendered necessary io obtain medical advice, in order to ascertain what injuries he had received, and Mr. Low, sur- geon, of Burten- street, having been sent for it was discovered that his collar bone was severely fractured.- Herald, Nov 14. COMMERCIAL MATTERS.-The business of to-day has been unusually brisk. More transactions have taken place yesterday and to-day than during the whole of the previous week; and confidence in commercial circles is greatly increasing. The Auction Marts were well attended. Sales took place by thirteen auction firms. The prices of gene- ral merchandise, especially provisions, had an upward tendency, and in many cases left a good profit to the importer.-Herald's Commercial Article, Nov. 14. THE ROYAL BANK STATIONS.-Our attention has been called to the prices realised at Melbourne, by Mr. Dangharty, for the sheep and cattle on the Royal Bank stations. The sale was a most effective one, and the rates for both kinds of stock very encouraging to the pastoral interests. This sale proves that, with good stations, in the Southern districts, gene- ral herds of cattle and mixed flocks of sheep, are worth, respectively, £7 5s , and £1 9s. 6d.. per head. The following is a report of the lots:-Lot 1. Chowar station, 1265 cattle, to Cameron, fur £9930. 2. Mnrgah station, 750 cattle, to F. Gwynne, for £6750. 3 South Deniliquin station, 883 cattle, to Tyson, for £6732 4 Derulameio station, 400 cattle, to M'Lauren and Sons, for £3000. 5. Strathmere station, 3000 cattle, to T. H. Power, for £19,200. 6. Westmeath station, 15,577 sheep, to William Degraves, for £24,144. 7. Woo- rooma station, 6776 sheep, to William De- graves, for £9825. 8. Baalpool station, 5926 sheep, to H. Gwynne, for £10,074. 9. Nvang station, 7090 sheep, to Tennent and Anderson, sor£il¿344. 10. Murray station, 8827 sheep, to John Mooney, for £13,902. li. Tuppal station, 6181 sheep, to John Mooney, for £5562. 12\. Lower Deniliquin station, 5000 sheep, to J. Peter, for £7750. 13. Deniliquin station, (woolshed), 9266, sheep, to Tyson, for £12,277. 24\. Carnago station, to Tyson, for £800. Horses, to Mooney, for £1110. Total Royal Bank stations, £142,403.-Herald, Nov. 14. A CHALLENGE.-In our issue of Tuesday, we published from the Courier an account of the beneficial effects of guano as a manure on the crops on Mr. Cleburn's estate, at Risdon. We have since received a commu- nication from Mr. Daniel Simpson, of Pros- sers plains, in which he offers to the whole colony the following challenge :-A stake of 100 guineas that he has the best crop of wheat and oats in the colony. A second 100 guineas that he has the cleanest farm in the colony. And a third 100 guineas that his crops have been produced with the least expense. The whole of his land has been manured with manure made from the pro- duce of the farm, and no artificial manure of any kind has been used.-Hobart Town Advertiser, Nov. 9. AN ASPIRANT FOR GLORY.-At the Police Court yesterday, the rather unusual circum- stance of attesting a recruit for the 99th Regiment, took place before Captain Bate- man - Hobart Town Advertiser, Nov. 9. COMMERCIAL.-HOBART TOWN.-The Co- lonial Times of Tuesday, November 6th, says:-"Yesterday, in consequence of the news received from Melbourne of a further rise in breadstuff's, considerable excitement was manifested here amongst the holders of flour and wheat, and the prices of both were much enhanced, flour being held for £50, and wheat for 21s. One sale of wheat at this price only came under our notice. By the City of Hobart, which leaves on Wed- nesday (to-morrow), large quantities of flour will be shipped, and this again will tend to raise the price of that commodity in our market." LAUNCESTON.-In consequence of the last advices from Melbourne, a rise has taken place in the price of flour, which is now quoted at £48 at the mills, and holders are disinclined to part with the article in quan- tity even at that figure. The millers are giving from 17s. 6d. to I89. 6d. for wheat. In the early prospect of an abundant har- vest throughout Australia, these high prices, which have been caused by statements which are at least doubtful, will probably give way. -Launceston Examiner, Nov. 8. SUICIDE AT HOBART TOWN.-A man named Crowther, in the employ of Mr. Troubridge, at New Town, committed suicide in consequence of an unsuccessful love affair.-Launceston Examiner, Nov. 8. A strange case was recently tried, and a stranger decision given, at the police office. A free man charged his wife, who was a passholder, with illegally making away with his property. It seems that to get drink she had either sold or pawned a sheet, and the magistrate. Captain Bateman, passed a sentence of six months' imprisonment ! Launceston Examiner, Nov. 8. A public dinner is to be given on the 19th instant, at Hobart Town, to those members of Council, who, in vindicating the privi- leges of the house, voted the arrest of Dr. Hampton.-Launceston Examiner, Nov. 8. MATRIMONIAL.-A few days ago we received an announcement from a correspondent at Soli- tary Creek that an individual in the vale of years, rejoicing in the highly poetical name of Robert Sidebottom has recently contracted a matrimonial alliance with an ancient dame who some eighty years ago was christened Mary. The joint ages of this loving conple amount to 161 years, a fact which by no means damped the ardour with which they pledged their mutual vows at the altar. We hope there is nothing inappropriate in the wish that they may be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth. Bathurst Free Press, Nov. 10. MR9. WYNTER'S PETITION; MR. DAY'S STATEMENT.-A letter in reference to this matter from Mr. Edward D. Day appeared in Monday's Herald, in which he states that the late Mr." Wynter's appointment from 1849 to 1853 was not a lucrative one, he being paid by certain fees, and having few duties to perform. Under the new land regulations established in March, 1853, he was bound to have an office open two days a week, at the chief place of petty sessions in the district, but instead of doing this he visited Port Macquarie, for the first time for several years, on 2nd June, 1853, and re- mained till 7th June. His next visit was on the 19th July, when he remained till the .2Cth July, and his last visit was on the 31st August, when he remained till the 9th Octo- ber, when he died. Stopping at the inn on these occasions, he incurred an expense not exceeding £25, and after his death £7 19s. 6d. commission was paid on his sale«, so ihat at the most there could only be £18 due for expenses instead of £200. As to stop, ping the sale, the clerk of the bench, after Mr. Wynter's death, came to Mr. Day, and informed him of the fact, but he (Mr Day) would take no responsibility in the matter. That same afternoon the chief constable despatched a mounted messenger to the Manning to inform Mr. Wynter's friends of his death, and the charge for this service was £3. An honourable gentleman had said that the sale had been stopped in order to obtain the commission, but if this had been the case he would have consented to go on with the sale, instead of waiting for three months; what he had received was due to him. He had no antipathy to Mrs. Wynter. -Abridged from S. M. Herald, Nov. 12. 