DANGERS OF THE SEASON. FLOODS. Tho following article appeared in our columns about this time last year. The naturo of the subjoct will sufficiently explain our reasons for its republication now : It is the season of floods. It may seem I singular to assert this when a mild and com- paratively dry winter seems rapidly giv | ing place to an early summer; but it , is a fact notwithstanding, that at this Benson of the year floods aro moro fré- quent than at any other. Under ordinary cir- cumstances tho ground is by thiB time tho- roughly saturated with moisture, and the rai a which now falls has a greater tendency to run upon the surfaco, than is tho case with that which descends upon the thirsty earth in tho earlier portions of our rainy season. Bosidoj this, the snows upon tho mountains bogia te molt as the warm and long days como round, and, contributing their quota to the various streams descending from the hills, floods of great suddenness and extent are frequently the result. In Melbourne and its neighborhood we have had so little rain during the last few months that the prediction of anything uko a flood seems ridiculous. But various districts of the colony, wo are glad to loam, have bona I viBited with very heavy and seasonable rains, and the creeks and rivers are flowing strongly. A letter from our correspondent at Castle- maine, which was published yesterday, statei that since lost Monday noon it had rained continually. Tho creeks wore greatly flooded. 1 he Loddon was impassable, having risen some twelve feet, and tbero is no bridge. Muckleford was flooded : the new brick build- ing intended for a mill, and the prlvito bridge near the high load, were carried away by logs of timber brought down against them by tho stream. The mail that left for 81 m ron's the day before had returned, not being able to cross the Loddon ; and it was reportod, that Cobbs coaoh was stuck fast, and that one horse had been killed. " During every season, in our experience of thiB colony, at which floods have been r-nm mon, numerous cases of accident have oc- curred, many of them of a fatal or otherwise lumentable character. And unformed as ara moBtof our roads, unbridged almost all our Btreams, wo cannot help feeling the con- viction that the liability to accident is a constantly increasing one, in proportion as the number of travellers itself in- creases, and that the number of new arrivals who are now traversing the colony and have but little experience of Australian floods, renders the liability to oasualtios greater than ever. In a recent lottcr from the interior a very formidable list of such acci- dents was supplied. The narrative was as follows : "ACCIDENTS BY DROWNING.-Several deaths have occurred in this district recently by drowning. In a former communication I re- ferred to the death of a man, name unknown who was drowned while crossing, the Murrumbidgee. Mr. Cross, a constable In the Victoria police, stationed noir Maldon's Punt, was drowned some short time sinco in the Campaspe. Ho left Hopwoods Inn for the barracks, distant only one mile and a half, and was nover afterwards seen ; the horse which ho rode was found. What ia most strange in the affair, his route did not lay across the Campaspe, as the barraoks are on that side of the stream on which Hopwood's Inn is situated. Mr. Cross wa3 a young man of a superior station in life, having once held a commission in the Queen's anny in India. His body has not to my knowledge, been found. Next In the fatal list comes pooi Patrick M'Gowan, landlord of the Clare Inn, Campaspe He was drowned in the river close to his own door while en- deavoring to reach his punt, fixed by the torrent in the centre of the stream. 'Little Paddy,' as ho was called, was a great favorite, and much esteemed for his goodnature. His body was picked up near to the spot where he met with his melancholy end, and was buried on the Bendigo without tho "benefit of clergy," the priest having refused to read the service over tho decensed, because, as the priest alleged, M'Gowan had not been faithful to his - creed ! Then, about the same time, and in the fatal Gam Ëaspe, we have a man belonging to Mr ['Dougall meeting with his death, and also' another man in the employ of Mr. Robertson ; all within a few weeks. And, as if in grim contrast to these deaths by flood, the decayed remains of a man were picked up on the banks of tills river, supposed to be tho body of a cook lately in the employ of Mr. Henry Barrow, innkeeper, on the Campaspe. So un- certain is life in the wild bush I" It is one of the most delightful features of the facility of addressing large nambira of ones fellow-cieatures, that opportunity is thereby afforded to do much to avert danger, and to save life. Tho internal conviction that one such life bos been saved is an ampio rewaid for any amount oi trou- ble attachable to the effoit, and the constant 1 hope of doing still more forms one of tho most encouraging elements in the lot of the pubhp journalist. As the seasons have como | round, wo have twice warned the residents m the country of the dangers from bush fires, by presenting in formidable array the leading peculiarities of some of the terrible conflagrations which have occa sionally ravaged the various colonies of Australia. Again, we showed people duriug last summer the extreme dangers they ran by injudicious exposure to the rays of a nearly vertical sun; and we collected re- ports of numerous cases of attacks of coup de soleil, as illustrations of the manner in which human life can bo destroyed in a minute, by a neglect of those natural precautions which it is not only foolish, but actually sinful, to ignore. , It is, of courso, impossible to trace the .full efficacy of these warnings. They are thrown out promiscuously to the thirty-two points of the compass. The very persons who aro influenced by them are them- selves unaware of the extent of that influ ence, or of tho precise time, or the preoise means by which or at which they have been induced to adopt a mom cautious and intelli- gent system. Suffice it to say, that while South Australia, New South Wales, and even Van Diemen's Land, have been frequently ex- posed to frightful catastrophes in this way, | this colony has escaped with comparatively light visitations; and during the last year or two few bush fires productive of very serious consequences havo occurred. Our business now, however, is with floods. It will be observed that a great proportion of accidents by water in tho interior of this colony happen to people on horseback. Men quite inexperienced in such matters-who havo never before seen a horse out of, his depth-venture into a swollen and rushing stream, and fancy, because it may look mar- row and insignificant, that no real danger is* incurred. Nothing is moro absurd, The nar- rowest streams here are frequently the most dangerous. Their banks aro steep; their depth great ; their current strong. Loga, and roots, and rocks, project in all direc- tions; and as soon as the fatal plunge is made all is confusion and bowildormont ; tho horse and rider aro at cross purposes, and eventu- ! ally drown each other. , It strikes us, that a fatal mistake is often J made in adhering to the established crossing places of a stream during the time of tem- porary floods. At such times the im- mense body of water rushing through some narrow channel, gives a volume to the water and an impetuosity to the cur- rent, which nothing can withstand. At such times, we think that a much wiser course would bo to select sonle wider place where tho flood had spread over a larger sur- face, and where the full strength of the our rent was there foro not so concentrated. It is ten times better to swim a little further in smooth wotor than to save distance and incur tho risk of greatly increased pressure. The deepest portion of a river, during its ordi- nary condition, might probably bo the smooth- est, most quiet, and nrn-i safe, during a time of flood. The most shallow and the narrowest in ordinary circumstances, may become the most disturbed, rapid, and dangerous whiie the flood lasts. Unthinking men, however, Tide along a road till they como to the usual crossing-place. They seo tracks in and tracks out, and they are beyond their depths, 'and swept from thoir saddles, boforo they are aware of the danger they are in. But perhaps the greatest danger of all arises from the entire inexperience of many travellers in the matter of swimming horses People venture into a deep stream on horseback who have never seen a horse swim before, and they lose their prcsenoe of mind immediately. In fact, all sortB of absurd opinions aro entertained about the swimming powers of the horso. People will toll you that this horse swims Uko a duck, that another rolls over on his sido, ti.at a third stands up on end in the water, and so forth ; and they refer any casualties that occur to some such peculiarity on the part of tho individual quadruped concerned. In real truth,, all horses swim pretty much aliko. Some are more accustomed to water than others, and have, therefore, more nerve and presence of mind : but every horse will swim, and swim 'well, if he is let alone. It is the rider's mismanagement which prevents the horso from swimming. If a hundred horses !>?» put into a river together, they will bo found to vary slightly in tho proportion of thoir bodies that is immersed. A horso of a largo barrel will not sink so deeply as ono of smaller girth. A horso of an eager temperament will lift himself further out of the water than one of a duller turu, But a careful observer will notice, that in every case they barely keep the nostrils above ' the surface, and, of course, upon the koep ing them free doponds the safety of the animal, Now, a man gets on the horse's book, still further depressing him in the water, and making it a still greater effort for him to keep his nose above the lovel of tho stream. But, not satisfied with this, he undertakes to guide him abruptly to som i particular point of the opposite bank which looks favorable for landing ; and in doing this he draws in the roin as he would on shore. Tho first effect of the tightenoi roin is, of course, to pull the horse's nose under water ; and the animal, terrified hy such a proceeding, rears up, paws wildly in the air, rolls over, and drowns his rider. Tho head of a swimming horso ought to bo left perfectly free. Do his very best, and he can but just keep his noBtrils clear; a pull upon tho bndlo disturbs lils entire equilibrium, and throws htm all to wrongs. If the rider wish to direct him to a parti- cular point ho must do it gradually, and without in any degree drawing in tho rein. Ho should reach forward and move the horse's head round by gontly drawing upon the reiu sideways, in the direction in which he wishes him to go ; but he should never, »pon any account, draw the head in towards the body. He should always recollect that the first effect of the slightest attempt of this kind is to drag the nostrils under water, and prevent the horso from swimming altogether. Wo throw out these suggestions for tha guidance of inexperienced travellers who arc necessitated, in tho course ^«r^51 nations to venture tÄlg«* si,ch risks are better SÄ5.F0 possible, and particularly so W ,,avoid« men. But wherever Tere 0av h?pract lue necessity for such a venture Ma attached to it will bo Vßn?lv S'- *V°. **«' it be undertaken in a XonnMT1^ gent spirit, and uimeÄÄWdtat timed by either fooUmrdK ñibeno1 ol.propor forethought knoi^?» is nbout to be undortttl'en dee of » 