SALE. [FROM OUR OWN CiOniUSSPONDENT.] Nothing of much importance has trans pired since my last. Mr. Oldham, the contractor, still non est, so that there appears to be but little chance of the timber crossing over the morass being completed by next winter. The weather during the past week has been unusually changeable and oppressive, many people complaining of colds, &c.;, in consequence. The late heavy rains appear to have done much good for the crops, which I am told are in a very forward and satisfactory state. The grass on the plains is at least a foot high. It should however be remembered that this is a source of danger, more especially in open country where there is no timber to obstruct the full force of the sun's rays; farmers and owners of cultivated ground, therefore, will do well to take every possible precau tion against bush-fires which may be an ticipated at this season of the year. Robert Burnett, the licensee of the Sir Emerson Tennent, at: Stratford, has been sentenced to three months imprisonment for continued drunkenness and James McKurr to three months in Alberton gaol, without labor, under the Vagrant Act, for which he "thanked" the presiding magistrate. The following is the result of the land sale on the 7fch.ult. Of the twenty- five lots in the parish of Nuntin ;the first fifteen and the 22 and 23 met with no ; offer ; the others were disposed of as: follows — Lot 16. 162a. 2r., William Thomas, at £1 per acre. Lot 17. 242a. 2r. 20p., William Thomas, at £1 per acre. Lot IS. 114a. Or. 20p.; John King, at £1 6s. per acre. Lot 19. 129a. 2r., John King, at £1 5s. per acre. Lot 20. 159a, William. Latham, at £1 6s. per acre. Lot 21. 554a. Jr. 20p., William Lett, at •jm per acre. Lot 24.: 425a., William Lett, at, £1 per acre. Lot 25. 112a., J. Johnson, at £1 per acre. ) In tlie parish of Bundalaguah eleven lots were put up for sale, and only three sold, vi55:— Lot 34. 540a., P. 0. . Buckley, at £1 4s. per acre. Lot'35. 640a., John McMillan, at £1 5s. per acre. Lot 36; ,628a. 3r.,-John McMillan, at £1 5s. per acre. Lot 37; in the parish of Yarram Yarram, consisting- of 195a.' 2r. 21p.,:was; sold to John Carpenter, at £1 per acre. The sum netted amounts to £4341 Os. 4d., of which sum £440 were paid as deposits. The upset price for each lot was £1 pei- acre. There was a fair attendance of buyers, and the lots were bid for with spiri t. After the sale two or; three persons made application to have some of the un sold lots put up again, hut of course this could not be done. Mr. Foster, although present, made no offer. The annual Race Meeting came off to-day at the Royal Exchange Hotel, at 5 o'clock. Duncan Ballantine, Esq., occupied the chair. After a few introductory remarks by the Chairman, explaining the objects of the meeting, etc., itec., the resolutions which appear in the race advertisement were duly proposed, seconded, and carried. Upwards of fifty pounds were subscribed before the meeting separated. Mr Richard Bennison of the Carriers' Arms, with praiseworthy . liberality, giving £10 ; Mr. Clarke, of the Woolpack, followed his example. Information to the following effect was given to the officer in charge of the police this morning.-—It appears that about the first week in November last a Mr. P. Ingram, of Buchan, was looking for a horse on Willis' run; near the top of a hill known as Tidy Midhill, about four or five miles from the Snowy River, he found the skeleton of a man apparently some time dead; from the pockets of his clothing he took a pair of gloves, a pair of spectacles, and a razor. In his coat pocket was a small phial containing a whitish liquid, and a letter, it is supposed, from his daughter in Sydney, (the name was ob literated,) together with the sum of £4 14s. This is all I can learn at present. 6th Dec., 1856. There has been a complete dearth of everything in the shape of news during the past week, so I must e'en resort to an Englishman's last resource—the weather. "We have had three days of very hard and continued rain, much to the dismay of the hay-malcers, who were getting' on fa mously till it came, however: it will only throw them back a little, and a few days sun or brisk wind will set them all right again. We have already a change for the better. Thus much for the everlasting subject of the weather. On Wednesday afternoon a race came off on the Green Wattle Course, between Mr. William Foster's celebrated ; horse " Melbourne" and Mr. Whitburn's " Fid dler," for £10 a side. The betting- may be said to have "been, altogether against "Melbourne/' -who was beaten by about half a distance or more. Mr. Foster, I understand, loses upwards of fifty pounds by the defeat of his favorite horse. Two or three races are to come off on Boxing day, together with the usual sports of the season, and a good days amusement may be anticipated. The following licenses were granted by the Bench during the past week,' viz.: James Frost, Mitchell, Publican's general license; William Kitchen, Hawker and Pedlar's license with draught animals; Joseph Bamford, the same. Mr. Paynter, on behalf of Mr. Winch, withdrew the application for the license for his new houses erected on the plains. It is my very painful duty to record a melancholy death, the result of accident, which occurred between Roseneath and Stratford, on the 6th instant. It appears that a nephew of Mr. Bolden, was return ing from Roseneath towards Stratford, and his horse, a spirited animal, suddenly bolted with him, and running- under a tree the unfortunate gentleman was caught by a projecting bough and thrown backwards violently to the ground, having been struck in the pit of the stomach. The poor fellow, suffering from intense thirst, managed to crawl to an adjacent waterhole, where he was found a short time afterwards by Mr. Buchanan, who was passing-with another gentleman. With the least possible delay the sufferer was conveyed to Stratford where Dr. Arbuckle was in prompt atten dance, he remained with him till he died on the following Saturday evening. It is needless to say that all that medical skill could accomplish was done, but it was seen from the first that nothing could save him. The funeral took place on the Mon day following, and (though the weather was very unfavorable) was well attended. Mr. Bolden was almost a stranger in this district, but his death will be greatly la mented, more especially by those who enjoyed the pleasure of his acquaintance. News arrived here this evening that the Avon at Stratford is much flooded in con sequence of the late heavy-rains, so much so in fact, that the crossing place is not fordable; so that, for the present, direct communication with Stratford and the surrounding country is almost entirely cut off, unless people choose to run the risk of swimming their horses across the river, no slight risk either, to any one who can speak from personal experience of the dangerous rapidity of the current. A bridge across the Avon River at Stratford is very urgently needed, and is certainly one of the first wants of the Upper District, in order to open up the interior communication of this rich and valuable country. I am informed that this necessity has already been brought under the notice of the Government, and that there is a fair prospect of its being favor ably entertained. 13th Dec., 1856. 