FACTS ABOUT SQUATTING." To the Editor of the Argus. " . ' Sir,-I believe it possible to write about I squatting on Crown lands without the aid of Latin, or poetry, or even scrap-books. bir. I write this in answer to "Backwoods-1 man" and " Shepherd" .whose glaring fallacies in your last number gave me a very poor idea of tbqir practical knowledge. " Backwóodá man" states that the public, on selfish grounds alone, should uphold the present squatting feystem-as a source of national sustenance. " Shepherd" states that any interference with tbe Bysteni, or reducing the runs to blocks of 4,000 acres, would'"produce an exodus of squatters anything but favorable lo thi' production oír sheep and cattle. Both these btatemeuts are so very wrong In principle that I was'EHçprised to see them advanced by mon' ViuiuiidiUK to write on the subject of grazing ftt all. I, take, for instance, the station ot mr - ? --;-" - 20,000 Bheop Which I mentioned in my last, and divide it into four runs of 5.000 each. 1 would do so at, say, January, 1858, and by January, 1862, or sooner, you would fina 526,000 sheep, four comfortable home stations, moie out-stations, more fencing, more water bolea, more purohaaed land, more agriculture, more vineyards, and at least four times more people and of everything that would indicate civilisation and an honest occupation of the colony. You would find ' the Barons all at home, instead ot the Baron astonishing Melbourne and all the world, from the ! Orkney Islands to Bass's Straits, with hil I prodigal personal expenses. You would find, I say, all these things, where before were onlyT20.0ÖQ sheep, and their miserable accom- paniments. It is an admitted and infallible íulo in estimating the grazing capabilities of large blocks of land, that the more they are subdivided, by fencing or shepherding, or a multiplicity ot interests, the more stook they will carry. Take a grazing in any part of England and Scotland, that usually carries, say, 100 head of cattle ; show it to any expe lienced farmer or grazier, and he will at once tell you that it will carry 110 just ns well if you run a fence through the middle of it. This principle is true and universal in its ap- plication, and I dare Mr. Goodman, Mr. f' Backwoodsman," Mr. " Shepherd," or any- body else to show that it is not so. - It js also a well- known fact that nearly half of tbe grass in the colony is annually lo.-tt by trampling, by running to seed, and by fire. ¡And I affirm that were four or five farriilios, instead of one, concerned in saving that grass, we would have an immense in- crease of sheep, cattle, and horses, and none of those disastrous bush-fires which íavage the colony annually, simply because the grass is not eaten, and never can or will be in the existing etute of runs. I said in my lase that1 the Crown lands must be squatted on by lease or license for many years to come : this is true with regard to a large proportion of the colony. "Shepherd" says.that squatting on 4,000 aores would not do. I say IG would do, and pay well on some lands: on others, it would not. These uniform rates and estimates of the lauds of this colony does very well to back up an assertion about the peaks of tho Grampians being very barren, but I know tho Grampians as well as " Shepherd," and if ho takes the peaks I will take their base, and will there undertake to point out one hundred blocks of ! fiom 4,000 to 5,000 aores each, on which one hundred families could live well, make money, | and pay Mr. Haines or Mr. ,0'ohanaosy six- pence per acre for the same. "¡Shepherd's" ideas are those of a prince. 4,000 awes. What signifies.4,000 aores ? I could go into many districts of the colony, and fix one hun died families as squatters at sixpence per acre, and who would gradually I become purchasers of the lands on which thej squatted. This would gradually fix a middle 1 class in the colony, and confer more social benefits on it than I have time to mention But I again assert, if squatting is carried ou at twopence per acre for the next five years and if the present auction system is carried on for the same period, that they (tbe squat ters) will be in absolute possession of the beal bait of the colony ; so much so, that they wil eventually get the other half on their owt terms, deny it who .can. The minister wh< carries out such a measure, or anything ap pioaching it, will beget a faction in the colon; that will soon burl him fiom power, and without jest, make Mr. Don our chief. I have no feeling against the squatters. ! know many liberal-minded men amongs them who ara quite ready to give in to tin wants of our changed times, and who regre the impolitic and fruitless opposition o Fellows and Oo, Squatting, under the oh regulations, has done its duty to the colony and bas been amply remunerated tor th tame. I can state a great many mor facts about the value of Orown laadf about compensation, about arbitration about farming on one hundred acres, am many other subjects, but will dofe tbem. The social aspect of the colony de serves a remark. It is alarming, Take ou convict basis, add to it weekly from Tasmanh Swan River, and other places, then add tb barons and their serfs, then add 50,090 Ohinr men, with increasing numbers; then ad 120,000 diggers, whose means of existence i always changing and uncertain-then add t all these, Mr. Don, who made the Bcurv speech at Geelong-keep them jumbling to* tner (if you can) for the next eighteen month and by that time I am quito sure that eithf Mr. Haines or Mr. O'shanassy will feel tb want of a fixed middle class. Yours trulv. JUMBUCK. Drafting Yards, July, 1857. 