Itoca* mxtf General ¿gel&g.; CBOWSK» OUT.'-The pressure upon our j .pace by the County Conn report compels na to hold over our report of the Municipal Connell East, Buninyong Local Conn, a num- ber of letters, and items of general news. BEGISTUATION OF ELECTOES.--We are glad to perceive that there are some persons in the community -willing to take this work in Hand. A special meeting of the committees of the local bodies viii be held at noon to-day, af the Chamber of Commerce, I and the Convention Committee will meet at [ the Exchange Hotel, at eight o'clock, p.m., for the purpose of organising some efficient Í means for securing the prompt registration of the electors of the Ballarat Electoral District." THE NATIOSAL BAKE or AUSTRALASIA. Tbe public meeting called by tbe promoters of this undertaking will be held this afternoon, at the Charlie Napier, when it is expected that some important propositions will be made, having special reference to loans and liens on mining securities. TBE NEW Misnse REGULATIONS-We have, according to our usnal custom, issued a cheap edition of the new Mining Regulations, as recently sanctioned by the Executive, which can be obtained at the Star office, and of all booksellers and the daily runners. As these regulations will supersede all others now in force, ic is important that every ruioer should have them in hhs possession. BUSH Finn.-Last evening, the gloomy \ sides vf Mount Buninyong, were boldly re- lieved by a bush-fire, which was burning [ fiercely near the summit. The contrast between the dark sides of the Mount and ! the bright fierce glare of the fire waa very beautiful, and must have been visible for an immense distance. ACCIDENT.-One of those rather too common ; affairs, an accident, to which mining pursuits seem to be so hable, occurred yesterday nt tht Old Gravel Pits trató way, by the car with the j wash-stuff rushing down the steep bank ol Dana-street to the Flat, unattached to the j rope ; which the parties at top had failed tt hook on, ere it toppled over its perilous descent, I On reaching the bottom the car struck againsi ' another with such violence as to break off itî I wheels in several pieces. There were two 01 three men of the party close by at the time ; who saved themselves by a hasty rush dowi 1 the side of the bank. One man, however, wat not fortunate enough to escape unhurt, a pie« of "he car wheel striking him on the shoulder and inflicting a severe contusion From what we have heard, the accident is to be attributed solely to the reckless manner in which the car was being rushed along ; and really when we consider that this tramway is carried along a public street, a little consideration and care for the lives and limbs of others, should be exacted of the men who manage them, even if they should be reckless of their own. DOGS AND FIBES.-Unchained dogs, and out-of-door fires, are now a prevalent nuisance, in spite of municipal bye-laws and nuisance inspectors. Everywhere, almost, we may see fires burning in very alarming nearness to canvas and shingle buildings, and a marvellous stroke of good fortune will it be if the town escape from some terrible catastrophe through these yard fires. And as to the doge, they still thrive and multiply as if bye laws and town inspectors really had no existence. Bakery Hill, in the vicinity of the Melbourne road, is a specially dangerous locality, because of ferocious and unchained dogs which, even in daylight, will often dispute with the passer by the right of travel. The lighters of these fires, and the owners of these unchained dogs, ought to be cautioned first at once, and then summoned if necessary, if town inspectors aro to prove themselves of any service, or limbs, life or ' property are worth regarding. Cor/yorx CHAMBEES ENTERTAINMENT. We regret to say that, with the old fatality attending adventurers iu the Sturt-street Chambers, the entertainment given last (Friday) night in aid of the Female Strangers' Home, was but thinly patronised. The Hon. Secy, and a band of ladies and gentlemen from the Camp, and divers others of both sexes, made up an audience of about a score. The ladies and gentlemen of the company went through the programme with evident success, if we were to judge from the interest taken in the vaudevilles, and from the re- peated encores demanded in the musical portion of the performance. THE CHAMPION "WBESXLING MATCH. After a series of repeated trials of skill the final struggle for the championship of Vic- torian wrestlers, is to take place to-day at the Washington Circus, Main-road, The spi- rited proprietors of the Washington, with a desire to encourage the manly and les« brutal sports which distinguish the Anglo Saxon, have offered liberal prizes to be con- tended for on the occasion ; the chief novelty of which will be the champion's poid belt, designed and executed by Mr Nemecek, jeweller Main-road. The body of the belt is of enamelled leather, the clasp and orna- ments of solid gold ; the frame of the clasp is elaborately chased, and supports a broad shreld, in the centre of which is engraved the names of the donors, -Messrs Emery and Hathorne-the object for which it is given ; and in the space left blank, the name of the victor will be placed. SCENE IN THE HOUSE.-The Estimates were further considered in Committee last night, and the proposal to appoint a Secre- tary to the Attorney-General, at a salary of £1,200 a year, together with the item of i £2,800 for conducting criminal tnd civil j business throughout the country, bj- means I of local Crown solicitors, caused a long debate. Aslightpassage-at arms took pince between Mr Wood and the Attorney- General, in consequence of the former gentleman having the charged the latter with irre- gularly filing an information against a prisoner at the recent Beechworth Assizes : and this had hardly terminated when Mr* Duffy raised a storm by some remarks in connection with the Government plan of distributing the business of the Crown Solicitor over the country, and its probable influence on electioneering matters. The Solicitor-General was especially warm in his , language *aud demeanour, and a real "scene" ensued. The motion for referring j the new Reform Bills to a select committee was not brought on, as the bills had been j only first time.-Herald._ ] 