VICTORIA.. By the Governor.GcrieraJ wo' havo received Melbourne papers to tho bth instant. Tho nomination of candidates for the .vacancy in,tho representation of Melbourne; occasioned by tho . resig nation of Mr. O'shanassy, who was ' elected for two constituencies at tho general election, was to toko place on Monday last. Tho Age of Saturday says,-" Thore will, we hear, be a contost for, tho ol ty. lu addition to Messrs. Langlands and Chapman, a now candidato will appear in tho person of Slr. Valentino Hellicnr. It is not presuming-too much to say thnt Mr. Hellicnr will be a Government candidato. Ile received tho support of tho Government when a candidato for Rodney, during the recent election. Ho is not likely to bo loss of n Government man now. However, wo shall seo how tho 80veral candidates develop themselves when thoy como bo foro tho people." -, Council a bill to amend tho prosent County Court Acts, of which the following is an outline :-Tho jurisdiction of tho County Courts is extended from £300 to £300. In order to insuro tho carrying out of this Act, it is pro. posed that in all cases where actions for loss than £300 shall be commenced in the Supremo Court, tho success- ful plaintiff shall not bo entitled to nny costs nbovo tho amount of thoso in' tho county court, except tho judgo grant a oortiflcato that the causo was one which could not bo tried in tho county court. Actions on bills of exchange and promissory notos aro specially ox-i empted. Vvhero a plaintiff is deprived of his costs under this Act, his attorney will not be entitled to moro than tho costs of tho county court. Power is given to a couuty court judgo to issue an ordor. for , arresting a dofendant in an action who may be about to lenvo tho colony. 'Tho shoriff may keep such a person in custody until ho givos him a ball bond for tho amount claimed, togothcr with .610 costs. Power is also givon to tho county court judges to make such rules as oro necessary to givo full effect to tho Act. *. Madame Anna Bishop lind rotnrned to Melbourne, aftor a successful visit to Adelaido, and tho western ports of Victoria, and lind genorausly announced hor intontion of giving a concert in aid of tho funds of tho' Melbourne Hospital. ' On Friday night about a quartor-past nino o'clock, tho Town Hall bell gavo tho alarm of fire. Tho Corporation] origino was at, once, run out by Mr. Dalton and tho' mouibers of tho fire brigade, nud proceeded to St. Kilda,' as they wore informed that two or threo housos wore, there on Aro. No sooner had' they arriv'od, howover,: than the Aro turned out to bo n " bush-fire" beyond Little Brighton. The brigada rotnrood to town. The blaze was very considerable, and plainly to bo descried up to a very late hour. ' Tho Geelong Advertiser of Saturday says :-" Tho heat, throughout yestorday, was tho most oppressive wo remember experiencing for sonio time. A hot wind of great force prevailed from an early hour raisiug, a« usual,-largo clouds of dust and covering tho bay with' foaming waves, Tho sultriness of tho atmosphere increased as the aftornoon progressed, and about savon o'clock tho oppressiveness of tho heat had .reached its climax. Soon aftor that hour occasional (huhes of lightning and. distant tbuhdcr-claps announced tho approach of a storm. Tho thunder clouds approached rapidly from tho westward and shortly after its first indications woro observed, the storm burst over tho town in all its wild grandeur. It would be difficult to exagge- rate the fino pictorial effect'produced , by tho frequently rcourring flashos of lightning. Atono instant a whole group, so to speak, of jagged llamos seemed to rend the sky ; at another a single brilliant stream of electricity leaped from tho donso clouds nnd glanced in au erratic course across tho heavens, Hashing upon tho windows of houses, and tho pavements of tho streets, multiplied by retleations on all sides. At another timo tho moro harmless sheet lightning diversified tho sceno and suffused tho sky with its warm and brilliant colouring. Between seven and eight o'clock, a heavy rain sot in but lasted for only nbout half-an-hour. This was to bc regretted as it mjglit otherwise havo averted, or nt least mitigated very much tho violence of some large bush firos which were observed nt tho commencement bf tho thunder-storm. Ono of tbeso fires was in the vicinity of the Lovely Banks farms, and tho other in tho direction of tho Little River and tho railway station, and works in that locality. Both thoso fires wero very ex tensivo, covering, to all appearance, nn aroa of several miles. Tho Uro which seemed by far tho lnrger, origi nnted on tho north shore, and it wns observed by several persons that this conflagration mndo its appearance, im- mediately ufter a very vivid flash of forked lightning had doscondod upon tho spot whero the tinnies first broke forth. Tho aspeot of this tiro in tho commencement was most imposing. It prosented litorally tho appear Mico of n son of Uro. extending probably a milo in wiatt) along tho low and laval »boro of tho faa}. Tho immense mass of flames tossing in tho strong wind which had just sot in from tho wostwnrd had alt tho outline of tho agitated waves that 1er immediately in front of them. For a timo tho fire travelled in a direct easterly course. Its progress could of eourso at this time bo better estimated,than subsequently, whon tho wind carried tho flames moro towards tho north. Tho rate at which tho lire movod at this carly period was truly formidable, and calculated to generate doubts ns to whether a limn on foot could outstrip it for any considerable distance. At a lator hour the wind veorcd moro to tho south, and this had tho offect of driving tho fire. inland. As far as wo could judge, the fury of tho con tlagratiou had in nowiso abated up to n lato hour. For a short timo tho heavy rain wo havo already spoken of, nppoared to havo in sorao moasuro subdued lt, but this cheek was of very brief duration. Tho wind continued to freshen for n long timo after tho rain ceased, and this, of course, had tho etftfot of stimulating tho flames and accelerating thoir progress. It was moro dillloult to form nny thing like n oorreot ostimato of tho extent of tho tiro nt tho Lovoly Hanks, but thoro is no doubt that it ooverod a largo area of ground, and thora ara strong reasons to fear that it may havo caused very sorious mischief. It is quito impossible to conjoeturo tho probablo extent of devastation caused hy thoso extensivo nnd formidable contlngnilions. Tho reflection of .another largo tiro was ' visible against tho sky in tho dirootiou of Mount Moriac, or nlong tho Colae road. It seemed, howovor, to bo nt a considerable distunoo, but this, of course, is mero conjec- ture, ns thoro is always groat dilUeulty in defining tho oxaet locality of a tire. Wo trust sincorely Unit thoso conflagrations may not havo caused so largo an amount of devastation as,'it is to ho feared, they inny have occasioned. Tho fire iu tho dirootiou of tku Little Uiver is stil', at 9 o'clock, this (Saturday) morning, burning ns ftorooly ns cvor. A magnificent nugget woighing 103 ogs. was ebtatned last week nt Old Dunolly.'nenr tho spot whoro tho ISO oz. nugget was dug eight or nine days previous. It is exoocdingly puro and freo from quartz. It wns found by two men (a Gorman and a Dana>, sixteen feet from tho surface. A fourth quarts reef has been discovered in tho neighbourhood of Europa dully. It Hes to tho northwest of tho gully, and is said to lend towards lt. A largo oluim has beeu , registered hy tho discoverer. Tho correspondent of tho Geelong Advertiser writes i Tho dcop lender on tho lloxing ltoef is proving itself | considerably richer at Rome parts thnn was nt first anti- cipated. From Campbell mid Co.'s claim lil tons (I cwt. wore orushod at Tyler's machino during. tho wcok, yielding 383 ozs. of gold, or nearly nt tho rate of 39 oz«, to tho ton. Another now leader lins boen struck n nr tho upper end of Larry's reef, on tho sido of tho gully leading tliouco to Now Chum ¡ soino good specimens hayo boan produced, but tothing to warrant its being considered n payable reef. 