BUSH-FIRES. CASTLEMAINE.- Never since the celebrated ' Black Thursday has such a mass of fire pre vailed in this district as was observable on Wednesday. The sight from Mount Alex- ander was awful in the extreme. From that altitude a spectator counted no less than twenty-one distinct fires, blazing at intervals in a semicircle, extending from Jim Crow through Newstead, Tarrengower, and on to the Mount, a distance of thirty or forty miles. To the inhabitants of the town it seemed, on Wednesday evening, as if themselves and their property were doomed to destruction by the belt of fire with which they were sur- rounded. About nine o'clock a vast body of fire was plainly discernible on the western face of the Mount; the flames gradually encroaching on fresh timber, and threaten- ing to convert the whole hill into one grand conflagration. To the left volumes of light red smoke were ascending from the burning forest near Walmer, and the fire appeared at intervals up to Barker's Creek, where the interposition of a road stayed its further progress, or much property must have been destroyed, including the extensive dairy of Messrs. Stack and .Co. The grass on the banks of the Creek, near the cricket ground, was alight, but the scantiness of the herbage prevented the communication of fire to the underwood and trees on the adjacent range. The heavens glowed like a furnace in the directions of the fires, and presented an awful appearance. The heat during the day was intense. The violent hot wind which pre vailed was made hotter by its passage through the burning woods, and smote upon the faces of the people with a most oppressive effect. This lasted until about half-past nine, when the wind suddenly changed to the west, and in the course of the night a few showers fell, which probably had the effect of checking the further progress of the flames. On Thu day the atmosphere was delightfully cool and there were no perceptible indications of the fires. Whether the occurrence of fire in so many places was the result of accidents or natural causes, we are unable to say. We have heard one cause assigned, which appears to possess some degree of probability- namely, that the bottom of an ordinary glass bottle may act as a focus, and concentrate such an amount of heat on small dry sticks as to ignite them, and thus originate a large conflagration. The fires appeared to be raging in the immediate neighborhood of settled localities, where bottles most do congregate, and this may be thought to faVor the theory. It is also true, however, that it is in the neighborhood of eettlements that carelessness or ignorance on the part of an individual may pioduce the carne effect. As an instance, we may mention that some children purposely set fire to some dry grass on Winter's Flat, for amusement, and had not some children of larger growth pat a prompt stop to their mischievous pas- time, Oastlumaiuo itself misht not have escaped without injury. - Mount Alexander Hail. CAMPBELL'S CHEEK - Our correspondent refers to the fires in the following terms : " On ascending any of the higher ranges here, the ravages of bush fires may bo haced at almost every point of the horizon. In some directions, where no atmospheric currents prevail, tall pillars of smoke shoot up into the'heated air, and expand towards their summits like the discharges from avoloauo; while in other parts a stiff wind beats down the smoke, aud spreads it in a thick lead colored veil over the landscape. By a slight effort of the imagination, it would be easy to fancy oneself ia tho centre of a vast manu- facturing district, with innumerable furnaces vomiting forth from their stony throats dense volumes of undecomposed carbon. On Satur- day or Monday a fire broke out in the grass adjoining the load, and had the mischief aot been detected in time, considerable damage might have been done. While two men were putting up a tent about halfway down the declivity between the Old House at Home and tho John o' Groat's, they sud- denly perceived flame stealing along the ground and rapidly extending, io a faull ko »hape, undei a strong wind. Fortunately, ihere were some bushes at hand, which sup jilitjd the means of arresting the progress of íhejire, not, however, till it had spread over an area of between fifty and ono hundred feet square. But for the presence of the men on ihe spot where the grass first ignited, a con- flagration might have ensued, whioh would ]ia%e swept away tents, fencing, and every combustible object on that side of the oreek. The fire is supposed to have originated from the ashes of a pipe or a oigar, which some passer-by had carelessly thrown down. The man who could be guilty of so thoughtless an act deaerves to be severely punished for his unpardonable stupidity."--Ibid. MUCKLEFORD,-We loam that a field of hay, belonging to Dr. Bocho,' at Muckleford, has lieen destroyed, and that great difficulty waa experienced in preventing the fire spreading to other produce.-Ibid. YACKANDANDAH.-Several large bush-fires are burning on the ranges in the vicinity of the Upper Yackandandah and 'of Nine-Mile. The former particularly have been very severe and extensive. We have not heard ot any ac- cidents having attended them.-Owens Consti- tution, Dec. 22. DAYLESFORD -A correspondent of the Mount Alexander Mail writes -Bush-fires are now (Wednesday, 2 p.m ) raging around us, and much damage, we fear, will be done. The smoke is almost suffocating, and the heat intense. Some mischief has already been done, and I fear it will be my duty to record many a tale of woe. A horse was burnt to death near the Loddon. The poor creature was hobbled and on the Castlemaine-road. Mr. Whitworth, of Wombat, saw the poor animal, and took off the hobbles, drew it from the flames and gave it some water, and finally left it at a coffee- house near Fryer's Creek-road. At this time many places were in danger, and Mr. Whitworth, my informant, was compelled to return, so fierce were the fires. DUNOLLY.-On Wednesday the bush towards Cochrane's was one tremendous conflagration Between Dunolly and Inkermann and those diggings the fire was raging on both sides of the roads with an intensity that can scarcely he imagined. Immense trees and large boughs were falling in every direction, and the flames were curling in the highest branches. A storekeeper of Dunolly in a light cart assured us that he had a narrow escape from being hemmed in by the fire. A party of horsemen to and from Cochrane's suffered most fearfully in the journey. The heat they described as intense, aud the danger from falling trees and branches any- thing but pleasant. Three times the horses refused to face the flames, and were with difficulty urged on. Some fears were enter- tained for Mr. Cochrane's home station, and for the large paddocks in the neighborhood of Old Dunolly. (By later intelligence we under- stand that some of Mr, Cochrane's crops have been destroyed.)-Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser. MARYBOROUGH.-For some days previously the heat had been very great, but on Wednes day the wind increased to a perfect gale, in creasing the heat tenfold, tearing up trees and carrying away loose canvas, wherever found. Many a digger's tent suffered the loss of its fly; and not only private buildings, but public ones also felt the severity of the gale The Wesleyan Chapel, although roofed with zinc, did not escape, one-half of the roof being taken clean off. Part of the fly of the hospital was carried away, and many other places suffered damage. All day long exten sive bush-fires filled the air with a dense va por, making the rays of the sun appear of a bright orange tinge, and objects at a distance almost invisible. It was reported that a large store at the Alma had been burned, but on inquiry the report was found to be incorrect. About eight o'clock in the evening, the wind suddenly veered round to the south-west, accompanied by a few drops of rain, and to wards morning a brisk breeze from the south completely cooled down the over-heated at mosphere.-Ibid. WABBBNUEIP.-All day Thursday varioai snmors ,were afloat respecting loss of life am property among the flames raging roune Warrenheip. It was stated at one time thai more than one of the saw-mills, besides the Warrenheip Hotel, were consumed, and tha gome Boore of lives had been lost. From late: and more correct information we have learned that these rumors were greatly exaggeratoc versions of the real facts, which are these : The bush was first observed to be on fin about noon, some twenty yards to windward of Clarke's saw-mills, at the Springs. Thomoi -were instantly called out to arrest tbe flames but ere this could be accomplished portions o the flaming bark were carried to the mills bj ¿he high wind then prevailing, at it was soo) seen that to save the buildings was impos sible. The engines, however, were uninjured nor were there any lives lost. The adjacen hotel was also saved from the flames. Wo ar< informed that none of the other mills 01 Warrenheip have been injuied. Tho bush fires were visible all yesterday, and will pro liabiy continue to blaze for some days lougoi in the thick forests that [stretch, down and away beyond the slopes of the Mount.-Bal' iparat Star. 