THE BALLOON A.SOEST IN MELBOUltXE. C Per favor of the Evening Mail.J ONCE clear of the buildings in the Gar- den, and having discharged a bag of bal- last, the balloon aroso with some rapi- dity, and I had barely time to acknow- ledge the cheers of the crowd below, before I had attained ' an elevation at whioh they almost became inaudible. But at times I could catch a sort of hum or mur- mur, and looking down, I saw thousands of upturned faces in every street and road surrounding the place from which I had taken my departure. After empty- ing some moro sand bags, I attained a sufficient elevation to enablo me to com- mand an extensive fiold of vision without altogether losing points of detail. No- thing could bo easier than the motion of tho balloon or pleasantcr than the tempera- ture of the atmosphere at that height j and persons unaccustomed to such excur- sions in the air would have boen thrown into raptures of delight by the magnificent spectacle whioh I witnessed, below me, of tho setting sun and rising moon at op- posite ends of tho globe, both luminaries looming through the haze, the one like an onormons copper warming pan, and the other like a shield of gold I onoo saw at Windsor Castle. What chiefly struck me, besides the difference in the feel of the atmosphere, was the different color of the earth's sur- face as compared with what I had been accustomed to see in making balloon ascents at home. There, in the very heat of summer, the face of the country looked a» ¡Treen as a billiard table, though varie g.'li'd ivith patches of yellow corn. Here it ¡is-aunrs a dirty buff colour, mottled with a gieu'iitsh. brown wherever trees abound. 1 could make out the rectilinear out- line of Melbourne -i'ivwell, the streets riinnir"- nott!) nrid south beinc particu huJ) ». 1-ll-dcfipt-il, M wing to the strong sh.-ijdoivs^cast from the houses by the sel ¡Lr'g fuiüv JM the jawi ¡muüfui tcrJ restrial objects seen from the elevation at which I then was, were the Bay, and the ranges of mountains lying to the east and north-east of the city. The Bay resembled a turquoise in colour, »nd the curvature of the shores at that height resolved itself into the most graceful and undulating lines imaginable The mountains on that side of them which was not opposed to the setting sun, wera of a rich purple olor, while there were fissures in them which were petfectly black, and also great masses of sombre shadows, which 1 sup pose were caused by the forests which in some places completely covered the slopes to the very summits. I saw bush-fires burning in several directions-very little flame, but a good deal of smoke being visible. I must nut forget to mention another circumstance which struck me very much-the extraordinary circuitous course of the River Yarra. Anything mure fantastic or erratic than the tnean derings of this stream I nerer saw ; and not having previously seen it depicted on a map, I was the more amazed when I surveyed all its turns and windings and sinuosities from my observatory in the car. As Mr. Coppin had expressed consi- derable anxiety that I should return to the Gardens and report the success of the experiment (of which neither he nor I nor Mr. Brown had ever entertained a doubt) on the same evening ; and as I am as yet imperfectly acquainted with this country, I prepared to descend after hav- ing been travelling steadily onward in a north-westerly direction for almost five and-twenty minutes, and accordingly commenced discharging gas. On nearing the earth I peiceived that plenty of assist- ance, and numerous vehicles were at hand, and having effected a safe landing near what I was informed was the Plenty Road, between 7 and 8 miles from Mel boure,_I roturned to town with my ma- chine in. perfect safety, and hope to have an early opportunity of becoming better acquainted with Victoria from a bird's eye point of view. 