ARRIVAL OF THE RED JACKET. The famous clipper ship "Red Jacket" has made a sixty-eight days' passage from Liverpool. bringing intelligence to the 22nd November. She anchored at the Heads on Friday evening. The papers brought by her are chiefly important in a commercial point of view. No event of great moment has occurred either in the mother country or on the continent, during the interval between our last advices and the time to which our dates are thus extended. The momentous monetary crisis was calling forth great efforts in all parts of the United Kingdom, and we find in all directions evidences of a return to a more healthy state of affairs, The applications at the Bank of England for discount increase rather than diminish; and the list of failures has again been seriously extended ; but the public have abundant supplies of money for investment, and, the funds show undiminished firmness. A FALSE ALARM.—Immediately after -the adjournment' of- the Assembly on Wednesday cvening^at the usual dinner hour, the atmosphere in the direction of Prahran, which had- looked peculiarly hazy all the afternoon, became suddenly overcast, and dense volumes -of white vapor, bearing a strong odor of 'burning grass and brush, rapidly- rolled over towards the Parliament; Houses. So thick • was the mist that it completely shut out the view of objects -not within . two or three hundred yards of the building. A man in the, court-yard stated that the whole of Prahran was burning, and that there waa an enormous bush-fire at Mount Erica. Ill news soon "travelled7 and hon. members residing in that direc- -don -promptly left their dinners,and ascended to die leads, which commanded an extensive view. No fiames were visible, howeyer; and several gentlemen^ acquainted, no features uf bush-fires, pronounced thfe' yapor to come -from a large conflagration of that, kindat some distance fromMelb-iurne. This^anncńincement caused great . relief to many presfint.—Argus. •: " Bcsa FILES.^—Conflagrations of this nature have 'been general . and most alarm:ng r Loddon to die Big Hill, and whence again through Nuggetty Gully, there is • not a. blade of grass.left, and it -was much, feared that the etore of fiell and Holmes' would not escape. At Golden Gully on Tuesday die fire bitne dose łip to the tents, and it was with much difficulty that men, women, and children could keep it back. The whole inhabitants of the locality were nearly suffocated, and the heat throughout the district was most excessive.— 3L JL Mail. j j 