LATEST FROM VICTORIA. Tub Reform Dill has passed through its criti- cal stages in tho Lords. Tho attempt to reunite thc disjecta membra of Melbourne once more into a political unity failed. The Bill is to be recommitted, but it is safe. The Govern- ment, however, have acce'ded to the introduction of a clause postponing its operation uotil April. In the Insolvency Circular for the past month tho usual digest of insolvency business is given. Sixty-one insolvents filed their schedules during the month,. the average amount of whose liabilities was under £800. Tho majority of-thc estates did not involve liabilities of £200. The.great number of these small estates arises entirely from the operation of Mr.'FellowesV Act legalising tho arrest of small debtors at'the willoi any single creditor. In the Supreme Court of Melbourne, the Chief Justice and Judge Molesworth have con- curred in opinion that tho informer-' in cases of sly-grog-selling is not an accomplice, nor liable to punishment under Jervis's Act. They con- firmed the conviction of thc magistrates.- This ?ia in opposition to the practice of the inferior ?Courts, which have in almost every instance quashed the convictions obtained by tho ^evidence of Informers. A very limited amount of business had been transacted in the import market, mid prices ^consequently remained unchanged. Thc holders of horse food are more inclined to real- ise than they wero nt the commencement, and do not appear to look forward to any further rise in prices. In the market for Eastern produce, there is a Btoady demand for rico, sugars and teas, but no immediate prospect of any improvement in quotations. Tho demand for butter, candles, &c.;, is not extensive, and buyers ave not likely to purchase largely until after tho arrival of the mail steamer with adviccB to October. The European will be due on Monday morning, and although wo (Herald) can scarcely anticipate that she will succeed in accomplishing a speedy run from ?Suez to this port, we may nevertheless expect that she will arrive at her destination next weoki and set at rest many of thc doubts which now exist with regard to the export trade between Great Britain and the Austra- lian colonies. It is thought by some?and the impression thus entertained necessarily exer- cises a depressing influence?that the abund- ance of money at home would induce shippers to extend their transactions in this direction. Tho Kilmore Examiner speaks (somewhat despondingly of tho appearance of thc hay and wheat crops in the neighbourhood of Kilmore. Tho same paper bitterly comments upon the fact that four speculators bought for £50,000 nearly all the land lately put up nt Kilmore. The progress of the district, says tho Examiner, will thus be delayed for 20 years. ' " The Ballaarat Times chuckles over the fact that a real live snnke has at Inst been killed at Ballaarat, thus redeeming the ¦ metropolitan'- goldfield from its lamentable destitution in thc reptile line as compared with other gold- fields. ?' There haye been large bush-fires near Kil- more and Mount Buninyong. ¦ < According to the Daily News a club is about to bo established at Geelong?to the great terror of tho ladies. . ", Bear's Weekly Circular still continues its inquiries upon the Bubject" of the. Provident Institute. In Portland Bay the whole coast for many miles, according to the Chronicle, has been lately strewn by countless thousands of dead pea-birds. The Geelong Advertiser says that tho body of a drowned man, found at Cowie's Creek, was so badly coffined that ropes wero neces- sary to keep lid nnd shell together on the way to the cemetery. His Worship the Mayor of Melbourne was confined to his house by severe indisposition. The Nourannie Station, on the Billibong, New South Wales, tho property of Mr. Hugh Glass, bas been privately disposed of to Mr. y. Taylor for £24,000; and tho East Charlton and Bakerabanyall Stations, on tho Avoca, have changed hands for the sum of £10,000, without stock. In the export trade tho feeling has boen brisk. At the wool sales in Melbourne very large lots have changed hands at full prices. At Geelong, owing to the heavy reserves placed on some of tho lots, large parcels wero bought in or withdrawn. ? There has been moro inquiry for tallow, and largo sales are reported of mutton at from £44 to £43 per ton. ¦?-.' ¦:¦:.',-?' The arrivals of shipping were very large last week, but the Customs returns are not yet completed. Upwards of 15,000 tons of cargo have arrived from British and Foreign ports.; We take the following from the Agricul- tural Report of tho Argus .'-? "' Wednesdny» December!. A steady trade has been done in the pro- duce markets throughout tho colony during", the past week, ana prices have been well maintained. 1* lour has been disposed of freely, at the advanced rates, and wheat has been in better request; so much bo that holders have beon'able to obtain a better price than millers' would have thought of giving a few weeks since. -Thereis not now, hbwever, much pro- bability ?of prices going any higher,, for the late rains will have the effect bf very mach increasing tho expected yield of grain here, and in South Australia the crops are likely to be quito up to the usual average. Notwith- standing the large stocks in store, oats have improved in value, the holders of the largest quantities being disinclined to force them on the market. Other descriptions of horse corn are consequently firm,' barley alone being still in comparative disfavour. The supply of hay has been about equal to the demand, and prices have been well sustained, At Geelong tho attendance of farmers at the corn market on Saturday was limited, and but little business was transacted. The National Bank plot thickens, and the flnalei*.becoming apparent. The events of each successive twenty-four: hours disclose that its remaining hours, under the present Management, are inevitably few and num- bered. NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA. Melbouruo ,3rd December, 1858. A general inseting of the shareholders of tho National Hank of Australasia is hereby convened for 'the purpose of confirming the suspension of tho general managor, Mr. D. A. Hughes, such meeting to bo held at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday, thc 22nd inst., at three o'clock in the afternoon. John Houston, 'Chairman.* Tho three dissentient directors in a letter to tho Herald charge Mr. Hughes. with sending false telegrams. Tho following" is another paragraph of the letter alluded to. " We wish to place on record that an acceptance of one of our directors' for £'3000 was made payable at the National Dank, and presented on Monday last for payment. It was dishonoured, there being no- randa to nicct thc sn me. lt is impossible for us to say what would have boon tho result of tho presenta- tion of the acceptance in question, if tho undersigned had not taken an antagonistic position to the manag- ing directory, Messrs. Cruikshank. Hughes and Co. Tho bill might have been paid, and the director's two or three thousand shares lodged as scounty.'1 The Rev. Kerr Jbhnstone,'in a letter to the Temperance Times,-gives the following particu- lars relating to the conversion to. teetotalism of a,captain who bad in Hobson's Bay assem- bled his drew for religious purposes. ? It; occurred.to the. worthy chief officer, a teetotaler, to put into the hands of the captain one of John B.'Gougli's lectures. Ho read'it out to those'assembled, and so powerfully did it come home to himself, that he declared before all, that he now felt it his duty to Make the' pledge.' Ere the mote could find his copy bf ? that, the captain had it all written down, and-, then ' and there ' subscribed with his hand.' i About twenty others followed,. including two! young gentlemen recently 'from Britain, who' intend returning thither, and 'who then may say, that they took the -pledge in Hobson-s. Bay^! A meeting of the "Elections Qualifications Committee was held on Tuesday, in tho Legis- lative Council Chambers, for the purpose of hearing the petition bf William Rutledge, Esq., M.L.A., against the return of the hon. Daniel Joseph Tierney, as a member of the Legislative Council of Victoria. Mr. Michie (the great gun of the Bar of Victoria),, and Mr. Wilberforce Stephen, instructed by Mr. Gell, appeared on behalf of the petitioner j and Mr. Brewer appeared for 'the sitting member. » Mr. Tierney was declared to have been duly elected. 