DRAYTON. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Drayton, Feb. 5, 1858. SINCE my last communication there has nothing very particular transpired. A true and correct account has arrived here that the unfortnnate Dr. Lipperman's re- mains are found. The circumstances of iiis-aeainr~ând how lils body was found correspond with my first report to you, namely-died from hunger and exhaus- tion. His body has been found at the foot of a tree, where it appeared he lay down and died. Yesterday and last night we all thought our little township would be burned down, ia consequence of the rapid bush-fire that surrounded us. For- tunately the day and night was calm, otherwise there might have been serious damage done. In our Police Court yesterday, the following cases came on for hearing, viz., H. B. fitz, Esq., appeared against a man named Freestone, who was apprehended on warrant, on account of his non-attend- ance on summons for a breach of the Cattle Stealing Act, viz., having in his possession a mare of plaintiff's, which he acknowledged to have worked, but that the beast was lent to him by a man named William Á. Reynolds. As this was proven to be the case the man was liber- ated. Feb. 6, 1858. William A. Reynolds appeared in couit to answer the complaint of Henry Neale, constable, fot having in his possession a mare, the property of H. B. Fitz. Esq. This beiug the mare described in the above case, the defendant pleaded guilty to the charge, hut produced the North Australian to shew that he advertised her about the month of October last. The bench, after explaining the law of the case to defendant, that he was not justified in using the beast, al- though he had advertised her. The cir cumstance of defendant advertising into consideration, and fined him in the sum of £10-£20 being the highest penally for the offence. There weio 24 hours given to pay the fine, or go to gaol for three months. The fine was paid. Martin Heffernan and James Kilkelly apprehend id for the mail robbery on the 4tli January last, between Drayton and Ipswich, were brought thi» day before the banch for examination. Edward Kitchen, chief constable sworn : I received information on the 25th Janu- ary last that certain cheques and or- ders which were known to have been the post on the 4th January last had been presented for payment at Gatton by the two prisoners at the bar. Received a warrant and forwarded it to the Galton constables, who apprehended the prisoners in Ipswich. The cheque for ¿13 was passed by Heffernan at Gatton ; he also received another cheque from E. Lord, forwarded to him from the Union. The crossing on the face was nearly obliterat- ed, it being cut in two, and the writing rubbed off; this was another of the stolen cheques. Prior to the 2Mh January I received no information that anything was wrong with the mail of the 4th of Jan. Mr. J. Glissan, assistant postmaster, proved the delivery of the mail on the evening of lh¿ 3rd January, between the hours of 11 and 12 o'clock, to Kilkelly, the driver that the mail contained several registered letters addressed respectively to the Bank of Australasia, Bank of New South Wales, and Messrs. Panton & Co. The usual letter bill was enclosed in the mail bag, hut was not returned by the return mail according to the usual regu- lations. He wrote to the postmaster in Ipswich for the letter bill, and an answer was returned that the bill was not re- ceived at that office. William Handcock, storekeeper, Dray- ton, sworn : Stated that his assistant Mr. Allan took a letter to the Post-office on Sunday afternoon, the 3rd Jannary, about the hour of six o'clock, directed to the Bank of Australasia, Ipswich, and regis- tered. The receipt for said letter was produced in Court. He proved that the cheque for £13 was one of those in said registered lett«. The £5 cheque of E. Lotd was also one of those enclosed in said letter. At this stage of the proceed- ings the case was remanded to the 12th instant. PETTY DEBT CASES, Jephson against Tooth, for two dis- honored orders of his, diawn on his em- ployer, paid by him to servants. Case withdrawn. James Keng against Kim Tee, China- man, for balance of work done. Verdict for plaintiff for £4.17s, 6d, and costs. 