ARARAT. {Hrom ovar own Correspondent.) i . 22ríaNoTeipSer1i1858. BLACK LSAS.-This lead is fast, rising in public favor, and , quarter shares are now beginning to sell at from £40 to £50. Nos. 1 and 2 are both getting out washdirt, but as their puddling machines are not yet com pleted little can be said about how the stuff will turn out, although they con fidently expect it will ran from an ounce to an ounce and a half to the load ; as they intend to wash every thing that is brought np, and if it turns out as they expect, the shareholders will receive a handsome remuneration for their long spell of hard work. No. 3 have got the water down below the top of their drive and expect to get to work to-morrow. No. 4 broke through into gravel about 200 feet from their shaft, and after driving in the gravel for another fifty feet they sunk a blind shaft and bottomed at ten feet, with a very cheering prospect ; as the water was very heavy they decided upou commencing another main drive, but unfortunately the water burst in upon them yesterday and rose about 60 feet in the ' shaft. The Convention party are getting on pretty fast with their new shaft ; part of their engine plant has arrived. Two or three other parties are making pre parations for setting in on this lead. PHXLLTJP'S FLAT.-This place is still keeping up its reputation. There have been several good holes bottomed 1 daring the last week. A number of [ parties have commenced washing up, and some of them have found their stuff to yield more than they expected -as much as a pound weight to the load having been washed, but I think that the- average of the gutter claims may be 6et down as four to five ounces to the load. The outsiders will aver age from one to two ounces to the load. The water is getting very strong, and the ground is also deepen ing ; from the look of the ground there is every appearance of the lead run ning for a long distance. NEW CANTON LEAD.-A rush took place here a few days ago, but I have not heard how it is turning out. No doubt some of the parties will drop on a rich patch, as this lead has always been noted for its patchy nature. FATAL ACCIDENT.- A fatal acci dent happened at the Oxford street rush on Thursday. It appears that i two miners working in a hole had ne I glected to sufficiently timber the drive, I and the consequence was that it caved in upon them. The parties working in the next claim heard the noise, and raised the alarm ; the two poor fellows were got out as quickly as possible, but it was found that one was quite dead, and the other so dreadfully bruised that very little hopes are en tertained of bis recovery. It is strange that men wiil not take warning from the many accidents that have hap pened through drives not being pro perly timbered. We have had very hot weather these last few days. Yesterday and to day it is blowing a regular " brick fielder." Bush-fires are also beginniug to make their appearance ; there is a large one burning on the Pyrenees at present. 