ILLAWARRA AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY Adjourned Annual Meeting. The adjourned annual meeting of this Society was held on Monday last, in the Mercury Reading-room. In the absence of the President, Mr George Hewlett was moved into the chair. The minutes of the former meeting hav- ing been read, The Secretary stated he had written to Mr G. Brown as instructed, but had not yet received any reply. The following gentlemen were then elected office- bearers for the ensuing year : — F. P. M'Cobe, Esq., J.P., President; T. Hale, Esq , J.P., Vice President; Mr G. Hewlett, Treasurer; Mr James R. Cummins, Secretary; Committee — Messrs C. T. Smith, E. Evans, Thos. Garrett, A. Thompson, Alick Osborne (Marshall Mount), W. Kirton, F. Stennett, G. P. Lambert, A. M'Kenzie, S. S. Rogers, S. D. Lott. W. Spence, A. Elliott, A. M'Gill, and John Somerville, with power to add to their number. The prize list was carefully gone through, and some alteration made in the amounts to be awarded for the articles exhibited. One alteration was made in the rules to which some prominence should be given, namely, in that relating to the time of payment of the subscription. It was determined that no person should be allowed to have their articles entered for exhibition until their subscription had been paid. By the rule thus altered, those causes of irritation will be avoided, that have led to some unpleasantness during the last year. The Show day was fixed for Wednesday, the 12th Janu- ary, and the Ploughing Match for the preceding Wed- nesday, the 5th, at Lysaght's Hotel, Fairy Meadow Road. It was then determined by resolution, that the Collector should be furnished with a receipt book, signed by the Treasurer, and on his collecting visits he should supply the subscribers with the Prize List; and to compensate him for the trouble of collecting over so large an area, he should be allowed 5 per cent, on the gross receipts of the Society. A vote of thanks having been given to the chairman, the meeting separated. The Mullet Creek Bridge Memorial. — We would strongly urge on all parties resident in these districts who have not yet signed this memorial to do so at once, as no time is to be lost with safety in sending it in to the authorities. The Secretary informs us that it is intended to close the lists on Monday next, and that the sheets lie for signature at all the principal places of business, and at the different post- oflices in the district. Although there can be no two opinions as to the necessity of the work prayed for, yet the large number of names attached to the memorial will render the assurance of its being complied with doubly sure. Bush Fires. — Another of these sometimes fearful visitations has been raging since Monday night last at the top of the range over Bulli, and for a considerable distance inland, indeed, from the immense clouds of smoke sent up in the day time and the lurid glare of the flames at night time, we are inclined to think this is one of the most extensive bush-fires that have visited this part of the country for some time. These fires are a strong proof of the necessity for more spring showers in this neighborhood. The Weather. — The farmers are again loud in their expressions of a hope that the refreshing showers of spring may soon descend, and revive the dry and drooping verdure and crops. In every direction evidences of the necessity of rain can be met with; the ground is hard and crackling, the grass is scanty and juiceless, the creeks are becoming lower and lower every day, and the young crops are not thriving as they ought to be in the spring time. The dairy and working cattle are also suf- fering much. All these evils and inconveniences would vanish before a few showers, followed by genial warmth in the atmosphere. Trotting Match. — One of these sporting events transpired yesterdav. The contest was between a brown mare, aged four years, the property of Mr William Simpson, and a roan mare, aged, belonging to Mr P Collins, and the amount run for was £10, independent of bets. The course was from Brown's Hotel, Dapto, to Hetherington's Hotel, Wollongong. After a most ex- citing race, Collins' mare won by a length. The distance is seven miles, and it was trotted over in 31½ minutes. The horses where ridden by their owners. Horse-Stealing and Clever Capture — On Satur- day morning last, three men, giving their names as Smith, M'Gill, and Burns, (the two latter of whom have been tor some time employed at Terry's Station) were in Wollongong, and had two horses with them. One of these horses — a mare, branded D on near shoulder, and having a lump on the pastor joint of the near fore leg — Smith sold to Constable Kennedy, of the Wollongong force, for £8 l5s. He stated to Kennedy that the mare was his property, he having had her for some time at the Meadows, and in this statement he was borne out by his mates— M'Gill and Burns, the former of whom also wit- nessed the receipt which Smith signed on Kennedy pay- ing him the money. Immediately after the sale the three men started for Sydney by the steamer, taking the other horse with them. On Monday morning, however, the mare was identified by Mr Ryan, of the Fig-tree, and the father-in-law of Mr E. Birmingham, of Macquarie River, as the property of the latter person, and it was stated that she must have been stolen by Smith. Constable Kennedy immediately applied to the Bench, and received permission to go to Sydney in search of the parties from whom he had bought the horse. The steamer was on the eve of starting, Kennedy secured a passage, and arrived in Sydney about five o'clock. He went and reported the matter to the police, and was just leaving the Police Office yard, when he saw a young man who he knew was acquainted with M'Gill and Burns, and who told him that he had seen them in Sydney that day. Kennedy returned to the Police Office, and whilst waiting there he spied Mr Smith walking leisurely along George-street. He appre- hended him; he did not say anything when told of the charge on which he was apprehended but that he did not steal the mare. From the Police Oflice, Kennedy pro- ceeded to the Haymarket, where he fell in with Burns and M'Gill, whom he apprehended as accomplices, and lodged them in the watch-house. The three were brought up the next morning before the Sydney Bench, and Ken- nedy's evidence having been taken, they were remanded to Wollongong. They arrived here yesterday morning,, in custody of Kennedy (who had also obtained possession of the other horse), and were subsequently brought before the Bench, and remanded till to-day, when the charge will be gone into. Constable Kennedy deserves great praise for the prompt and daring manner in which he followed up the parties and apprehended them. 