THE CONTEMPLATED ESCORT TO TUENA. The diggers and storekeepers at this gold held have long experienced the inconvenience, risk, and consequent anxiety, attending their having to retain large parcels of gold on hand, and transmit it to Goulburn by private hands. Many fields of less pretentious to importance in respect to population, and of less prospective capabilities of production, are favoured with Escort communication. And finding the many inconveniences of the pre sent state of things, the storekeepers, buyers of gold, and some of the diggers, have spoken to Mr. Commissioner Griffin, who pro mises promptly to place the matter before the consideration of the government, provided he is assured that the monthly produce of the field yields 500 ozs. It has be inti mated to the Commissioner, that the five principal stores, have for the last ten months, take an average of 700 ozs. of gold a month, between them. It is to be hoped that this fact will urge the "slow consideration" of the Government, to a quickened activity, and to the palpable conclusion of the necessity of extending the escort without delay to Tuena BUSH FIRES. —The inhabitants were gra tifying themselves about the beginning of the week, that the summer was breaking up, and that autumn was about setting in. How ever the last two days have served completely to disappoint these anticipations, the weather having been excessively hot. To add to the exhaustive heat of the temperature, Goulburn appears to lave been surrounded with desola ting bush- fires. A dense mass of smoke appeared above the horizon all day on Thurs day and yesterday in the direction of Tarlo. The same appearances were also observable in the direction of Governor's Hill. Although a fire is not so dreadful a calamity in the country as in Syduey, it is productive of con siderable injury to farmers. And it is ex tremely reprehensible in any parties travelliing when they do not use every precaution to extinguish the fires they may have occasion to light. In Victoria travellers are subject to a penalty for omitting to do this, and very justly so, for in studying their own conveni ence, men have no right to endanger the pro perty of others. MR. PLUNKETT. —An address to Mr. Plun kett, expressing sympathy with him, and condemning the course pursued by the Go vernment, is being circulated in Parramatta. Between four anid five hundred persons have already signed the document. 