MACCLESFIELD [From our Correspondent.] Macclesfield, February 15. | On the evening of last Sunday the rev. J. B. Austin delivered an impressive address, relative tothe late fire, to the congregation in the Independent Chapel. Any person present who had witnessed the conflagration must have forcibly felt the truth of the rev. gentleman's remarks. In his discourse he spoke at length on the insignificance of man and the awful power of God in such a visitation—the sun rising in all his grandeur on comfortable homesteads—the harvest, the hard earnings of the season, just secured, and families happy in the thought that they were prosperous—when ere long the storm comes as a whfrlwmd and lays all desolate; and whilst we could not, we dared not say that such a visi= tation was a judgment, he earnestly exhorted his hearers to secure for tlemselves an imperishable habitation. The address was listened to with marked attention. Prayer was engaged in both by the Rev. Mr. Austin and the Rev. Mr, Harris, in which the sympathy or our fellow colonists with the sufferers were invoked. A lecture was to have been delivered by Mr. Austin last night at the Mechanics' Institute, on "The advan- tages and pleasures of knowledge," but it was postponed under the circumstances to an indefinite period. Through the kindness of the inhabitants who escaped from loss, I am happy to say that the sad condition of the sufferers from the late fire has been considerably diminished so for as their daily wants are conferred. Hope is atrong in the sympathy expessed in Adelaide, that by a little assistance they will be able to begin the world again with some spirit. As an example of the extreme desolation spread over the country, I may state that Mr. John Horner, a re- spectable farmer, with a comfortable homestead, stock- yards &c.;, and forming an extensive orchard—with every implement in his possession requisite for carrying on his business—has had his house, garden, crops, fences, everything destroyed. He with difficulty saved even his children from the flames. In the course of conver- sation with him to-day he says that he really never had any idea of poverty before. Be has a pig left that he could kill, but be has not even a knife wherewith to kill it. And to make the appearance of his desolate farm yet more wretched, the dogs, hawks, and crows are as- sembled around it ready to feed on his dead horse and pigs. The Relief Committee here has received a donation from Mr. George Young, of Adelaide. 