GAYNDAH. FROM ODO OWN CORRESPONDENT. WE have fine weather hero, but from the prevalence of bush-fires very little grass. The winter lambing, from what I can loam, has been very good. OUR CouRT-nousE AND LOOK-UP.-The contract for this has been given to a Sydney gentleman, a Mr. Rogers, who is expected up by this steamer to commence work. OUR SCHOOL AND HOSPITAL. - Again shelved, at least all are silent about them, so the only good the election has done is to stop the progress of the most wan ted institutions. We shall see what we shall see, but I shall consider myself no prophet if wo have either one or the other during the reign of New South Wales. " THE P./ )R MAN."-It has been askod ia derision by the Sydney Herald, and our at present member asked in the same style, " Who is the poor man there is so much talk about ?" Having expressed myself in favor of " the poor man," perhaps these questioners will listen to my definition of " the poor mau." He may not actually be begging his bread-ho may havo every comfort if left alone- he may bo earning a good and e< sy competency-hemaybc contented and happy with the lot God has given lum-he may be religious, good and kind-a good father and a good husband-he may have just a suffi- ciency to keep him comfortable this year and save him from starvation hereafter ;-for his standing in the £ s. d. line is neither here nor there. What I have meant by a sup- porter of the poor man is, that he (the poor man) shall have the same measure meted to him that is meted to tho man of capital. Ile shall not bo brow-beaten, scoffed at, and bullied, whipt and spat upon because ke has a mind of his own, and, that in a court of justice his voice shall have as much weight as the landed aristocrat, or the man of thou- sands. The old system of "silence, sir," must be done away with, and the " crush him, down with him" system, now enforced, must be got rid of. Sydney may say, such is not tho case here ; but I say such is the case under the laws and under the officers appointed by the house in Sydney ; if not in Sydney, I have seen it elsewhere. By " the poor mau," I mean the same equal and just rights to the man with thousands as to the man with hundreds, or with pence ; a fair distribution of the land to all at an easy price, not as it is now that " a poor man " may have to travel say 3 or 400 miles over splendid country, and not meet a single ac- commodation Louse, but must rely on the hospitality of the squatter, or let the canopy of heaven be his bed curtains, and his wallet his larder ; and if relying on tho hospitality of the sqnatter-may bo quietly told to jog on-or sent to tho kitchen, or grudgingly given what he has every right to demand. For under a better system, where now all is desolation and waste (save to the purse proud squatter) " tho poor man" could rely on meeting a hearty welcomo (if he should havo to" pay for it) at the way-side public house. Such is a tittle of my meaning of a poor man ; and should these reasons not be comprehen- sive enough, should they not be telling enough, or should the said questioners wish further demonstration, I shall be but too happy to go deeper and still deeper into tho tyrannies that I have seen exercised over the again "poorman." 