STRATHALBYN. [From a Correspondent] Strathalbyn. February 7. I regret to have to inform you that this neighbour lood hoi been the scene of a most extensive and de tractive conflagration. A large fire had been noticed luring Satutday to be burning In the direction of the Meadows and Macclesfield ; but what damage has been lone there I havo not heard. On Sunday morning, luring Church service, (the alarm was given here, and the people rushed to Blackwood, the late residence of Jr. Bankine. The garden,1 and outhouses there and be grass are all destroyed, but the house was saved. from thero the fire passed to Reed & Williamson's and Kendall's, destroying all their houses, bams, and crops ; ome of the children, I have beard, were with difficulty escued from tho flames. From thero it passed to Mr. Jah's, seu., destroying a fine stack of hay, calculated to iontaiu about 70 tons, and a quantity of wheat, llamp !en, the residence, of Dr. Walker, S.M., was the next place; bnt, by dint of great exertion, it appeared likely a be saved ; indeed, the fire passed by it, clearing off all the grass, and destroying a fine paddock cf lucern, int leaving the bouse, stable, and stacks all standing, rhe parties who had been engaged in beating back the lames left it with a guard, and went to Dr. Bluu's, which was ia great danger. Unfortunately a tree was burning near the haystack, and a breeze springing up from the west carried some fire from it to the stack ; mil in lets than fire minutes tbe stack, stables, boose, wd outhouses were all destroyed. Part of the house consisted of an iron house, in which, as a place of safety, lad been stored the most valuable of the movables; but the iron became red hot, and set fire to the wooden lining of the house, and everything within was con sumed. Tbe entire horses, Bed Lion and Bruce, had been removed for safety to the township. Th* westerly wind which erased the destruction oJ Hampdeu in all probability saved the township, assisted by Boine ploughed land of Mr. Sloane'a, which fortunately Inter vened. To give any estimate of the damage would be at present utterly impossible. Whilst writing the above I have been informed that the fire has just broken out again at the back of Glcnbar, the residence of Mr. W. Rankine, J .P. ; bnt, as the day Is very quiet, I trust no more damage will be done. AH the fences in the course of the fire are destroyed. The Fire at Barossa.— We have received the following farther particulars of this disastrous fire from a correspondent at Trevale:— "On Sunday an alarming fire took place in this neighbourhood. It was first discovered in Lamb's Gully, near Mr. Thomas Scott's, Barossa, between 8 and 9 a.m., and although the people turned out en mass it baffled all human power to delay its destroying progress, the wind blowing fearfully hot from the north at the time. It soon crossed the road leading to the Chain of Ponds, and entered several paddocks, carrying destruction before it. Mr. T. Barber has lost 800 bushels of wheat, with all imple ments, tools, yards, and all outbuildings ; the dwelling house alone was saved. Mr. Thomas Good is the next sufferer, who has lost everything except one box with writings, &c.;, about 20 acres of wheat, dwelling-house, furniture, &c.; Mr.Battersby's valuable garden is seriously injured. From thence the fire went over the Mount Gould Range, and continued its ravages through North Gumeracha. I have heard this morning that Mr. William Hill and several of his neighbours are com pletely burnt out. I shall ascertain particulars in a day or two, and will give all the information. No doubt it is the work of an incendiary. An inquest will be held. We have been watching nearly all night ; the fire came down very near my place. Several of the settlers are now watching it." The Eiue at Poet Elliot.— The par ticulars of this dreadful fire will be foand In our cor respondent's letter; but we add some further details from another communication received hy the same post :-' Sunday was a sad day for Port Elliot, There u icarcely a buihel of wheat, a house, or a fence left From Honeyman's Bridge right up the valley everybody is burnt out and left destitute. It was bad enongh before, but itwDl be ten times worse now. Itwaia fearful day. It is impossible to UU jot tho extent of the damage that has been done, for the whole country has beea ori fire from Myponga, Capa Jervis, the mouth of the Hindmarsh, Honeyman's Bridge, up to Laurie's, Eagle a, across to Tilley's, Attrill's-la fact, tin whole country has been burnt, Inman Valley his suffered greatly, most of the settlers there baving lost every thing, and only escaped with their Uvesby a miracle. They «ro wnpleWj rained, and w« ibif pJI feel it greatly. ? *??''.? '' ' ' ' '' The Fibs at TAiraaA.— We are in poi aslon of some farther parUaalan of the destructive ash fire which broke out on Sunday last, and spread rer many miles of country In the Talungaand adjoin if districts. There are some slight discrepaBcies in ie accounts which have reaohed us, but we believe the (Mowing ore substantially correct:— Early in the morn ig tho fire wu seen approaching from Malcolm's Flat, i the direction ol the Chain of Ponds. The wind was lowing briskly at tho time from the east, and the eather was unusually hot, even for the month of ebruary. The consequence was that the fire travelled n with fearful rapidity, destroying whatever grass, dry cod, scrub, or fencing that lay In its course. By the lost strenuous exwtions on the part of the lettlers lany homesteads were preserved from csnusgratlon, ut we regret to say that many others were destioyed. he following are amougst the principle aufferers :-At is Chain of Ponds— Mr. Thomas Scott, grass-padiocks urnt; Mr. M. Petherstonhaugb, ditto; Mr. Thomas lood, dwelling-house and furniture, outhouses, crops, nplements, and live stock j Mr. H. Battersby, orchard; Ir. Bichard Barber, dwelling-house and furnl'.ure.faim. lg implements, and entire crop; Mr. Batler, about 800 nshels of wheat ; Mr. G. Glover, grass-paddock and sueing. At North Gumeraeha— Mr. William Hill, welling-bouse and the entire property, except 600 or W bushels of wheat; Mr. William Piiilp, graes orops; Ir. J. B? Terrell, house aud furniture, grasa-paddock, nd fencing ; Mr. J. D.Cave, gross-paddocs. and fencing ; ir. H. Dawsou, grass-paddock and fencing. '1 tie reatest sufferers are said to be Mr. TV.omis Good and Ir. Hichard Barber. The circumstances connected ith the firo at Mr. Good's farm are peculiarly dlstrrs ing. The rapidity of the confligration is described as einfj so great that a number of svrino were burnt to rath, and even the fowls were seen to drop amongst be ignited ruins in their efforts to escape by flying. Ir. iioo-i also was severely burnt iu the arms iu is endeavours to save his property. The fire was rrested in its course towirds the homestead of Mr. Cave y very great exertion on the part of the men in his em !oy and the neighbours. The property of Mr. W. Phillis ud others was also saved by pulling down the bmh iucing and otherwise cutting off the communication, fotice of the fire has been sent to the police with a view \- an inquest being held as it regards the origin of the re. Fibe at Mount Pleasakt.— On Sunday fternoon, abont half-past 2 o'clock, fire was seen Issuing ?orath* roof, between two chimneys, of tbe Macbeath an. at Mount Pleasant. Mr. Owen, the proprietor and mdlord of the inn, succeeded in saving a small portion f his goods, bnt the greater portion thereof, together ?ith the building, was rapidly consumed. Mr. Owen, 'ho purchased the property o* Mr. Macbeath, had rc ontly made some considerable additions thereto. It is aid to be insured for £800. Tub Fibi at Macclesfield.— We havo cceived the following further nartlculara from a eoirea ondent:— 'I have to report that this township and I elgbboorhood were visited on Sunday with a most fear i\ bush fire, equal if not surpassing that of Black j 'huisday in Victoria. The loss of property is rcnlly ppalliug; whole families thrown on publio sympathy tithout a change of clothing or morsel of bread. These uses are not solitary but numerous. The destruction , f houies, corn, furniture, fence?, Ac, is very great. 1 * hall forward you a full report of the loues sustained by , ext post.' ' Bush Fibe at Mount Lofty.— An exten Ive bush fire has been raging for the last few days in the lount Lofty Ranges. On Snnday two houses were burnt , o the ground, and others would havo had to succumb ' o the fhry element had it not been for the extraordi lary and praiseworthy exertions of the inhabitants. ' Lmong those that were placed In a perilous condition ras the rcsidenco of tho Hon. li. D. Hanson. Our latest uformation states that the fire had in some degree ibatcd. Busn Fike on tub Mount Babeer-boad. -On Saturday, Sunday, and Monday an extensive fire icvurred on the Mouut Barker-road, extending on bath tides of tbe road from the Mount Torrens junction to Wafers. For some time the traffic was much hindered, n consequence of the burning trees falling across thu oad. Su far oa we can learn the fire was confiued to the lush. Fatal Accident neab Hahndob?.— A 'atal accident happened on Tuesday morning to a man darned Carl Voges, cabinetmaker, of Flinders-street. It ippears that the deceased, with his wile, got into Mr. Foot's passenger conveyance at Hahndorf, and shortly ifter leaving that place recollected that a cash-box had been left behind. Thu deceased, urged by his wife, sud ienly jcrapod oat of the omnibus while it was yet In motion, and in doing so fell backwards and dislocated his neck. He died in about 10 minutes afterwards. Mr. Foot, who was driving at the time, remained behind and sent ou the conveyance by another man. The de ceased was about 63 yean of age, and a native of Bruns wick. He had been in the colony about nine years, and has left a son and two daughters, the eldest 15 and the youngest five or six. He was perfectly sober in his habits and much respected by all who knew him. Eauway Accident.— On Monday morn ing the second train from the Port, which should have arrived at Adelaide at a quarter to 11 o'clock, did not reach that station till 23 minutes to 12, in conse quence of the euglno's runniug off the line near Wood villa. There was no injury done, bat the delay occa sioued in replacing; tha iron horse prevented the usual quarter after 11 train leaving town until five minutes to 13. Cubious Coincidence.— It is somewhat remarkable that Sunday last, a day of unusual heatond disastrous fires, was the anniversary or the celebrated Black Thnnday, which occurred on February 6. 1851. We make no doubt that many whose homes were burnt, and who were half smothered In the smuke and heat of Sunday last, had the farmer notorious day powerfully and painfully called to mind, Tee Ooilecxob of Customs.— We are re quested to state that a paragraph which appeared in our issue of Friday relative to the movements of the Col lector of Customs was erroneous. That gentleman went to the south upon a visit of inspection to the SubCol lectors, and not to act for Captain Nation 'urine \M absence of leave. Nor docs tho latter efticer proceed to Melbourne on business connected with the public ser vice, as stated, but on his own private affairs. It was also wrongly stated in Thursday's Reqitter that Captain Douglas was abont to pay a visit of inspection to the Lighthouses. That duty has been recently performed, by another member of the Trinity Board, The Civic Bowl.— We ore requested bv tho Town Clerk to state that ia furtherance of tbe reso lution of tbe Council to exhibit the bowl in succession at the shops of the various jewellers, it will be at Mr. J. llurrons's, in Hindley-street, daring the eneulng week. : St. Paul's Church, Poet Adelaide.— Tbe adjourned meeting or the scatholden was held in the church on Monday evening lost, at 8 p.m.— Mr, B, Dooglos, In the choir— for the purpose ' of receiving tbe amount of subscriptions towards the repairs of the church, parsonage, &s.; Thero were about twenty seat holders present, and a good deal of discussion took plaoe from the fact of different pirties wishing their amount of subscriptions (o be spent, some solely for the church and others for church md parsonage. It was ultima cly agreed to adjourn tho mooting foi a fortnight. The amount of subscriptions as per lists 1b abont £149, of which £? 7 is already paid. Cbicket.— A meeting of cricketers was held at tho Grcsham Hotel on Tuesday evening, to consider a challenge which had been issued from 11 colonial players offoriug to play any 11 British players. Mr. T. Baker was voted to the chair. It was tben proposed by Mr. Fullarion, and seconded by Mr. King, that the challenge be accepted. Tho resolution was carried unanimously. A Committee, consisting of Messrs. T Baker, Dobinson, Stodart, Futcher, and FoUarten, also acting as Secretary, was appointed f. r making the ne cessary arrangements. Great Interest appears to ba taken in the match, and a very warm contest is anti cipated, Bubton's Cibcus.— This place of amusa ment was patronized last night by the various Lodges i iiKcmuBuut, wuu, witu ineir laminesana friend*, lied Mr. Burton's spacious marquee. Tho bill of fare -as unusually attractive, and tho performances elicited nbouuded demonstrations of applause. We have bo requently referred to tho poeullar excellencies of the arious performers that It is unnecessary to repeat what to bavo so often had occasion to say. We recommend U who are fond of good horsemanship and good acting j pay an early visit to the Circus, more particularly as nly another week after tha present will bo offered them » witaesning these wonderful performances. Bbighton Beach-bqad.— A correapondent rrites as follows :— ' The road over the sandhills to lie beach is at length completed, and fully realties he expectation of its moil sanguine supporters It* rhole length Is 1? chains, deoHning by a gradual descent rom the hard road on the laad side to highwater mark ? he deepest cutting through the Band is rathtr more han 16 feet. The road is 12 feet wide, and is coveied rith metal a foot in depth. The entire work reflect* :reat credit upon the contractors, Messrs. Scanlan and foung. It has already b«cu greatly In request, espe ially during the past trying week, when vehicles of all leieriptions from the Sturt Hilis, as well as from Adelaide, have passed over it well freighted with pas ingetB seeking the luxury of a sea bath; Indeed it is ikely to bocome of great value to the surrounding leighbourhood, as it is by far the easieat approach to the iea within 38 miles of Adelaide.' Noeth-Eastebn - Boad. — The extensive latting connected with the new line of road between he Morning Star, Phlliptown, and the bridge over the Towns is fast approaching to completion. The road »heu finished will ba a very great improvement upon he present undulating huh track. Workmen ore also jusilr employed in widening tho rood through the Tea :ree Gully, originally formed by the South Australian Company, but now a part of the main line. Mb. Coiwell's Balloon Mistaken fob rtlK C«mbt.— During the past week Beveral fetes have Laken place at Wolverhampton, the leading attraction iieing three balloon ascents by Uie famed aeronaut, Henry Coxwell. On Tuexdiy evening, at 6.40, an th,« lerial machine parsed Stapleford, a group of sky jailng villagers came to the conclusion that the lofty risitor was thi expected comet. Qnstrvinjj the np turned lace* of the wonder-stricken party, a gentle nan, who was passing on horseback, asked if they ner :eivedthe comet. 'Yes,' gala a woman, 'we have ;een it, ar.d the tall hung downward ; but it his gone by this hilf-hour.' The Imaginary Uil yiis the grapnel suspended to a long rope ; but ill subsequent explanation failed to convince ths YilUgcr* that the supposed comet vat Cox^eU'i balloon.— Hark Umt Kxprest A Peep into a QriCKSiLVEB Mine.— Started (August 28, 1835) at 5 a.m. for tho quickBilver mine:; of {drift. We followed the Vienna road for some miles, and passed a umall castle called Planlna, near vhich the Itlrer Pinka makes its exit beneath a moun tain, after running nearly nine milei 'underground. Idria Ia a large and flourishing village, situated la the bottom of a deep valley surrounded on «U sideg with mountains clothed with fir forests. Tfoe scenery around is of quite analplno character, iu-l extremely romantic. A torrent of a glasi-green colour, owing ta the melting of the snow, runs through the village, and bring* down the logs of fir timber, n-.ed there or transported to Trieste. Idria owe* Its prosperity to its quIclsRilter mine* ; we employed the daylight that remained in visiting the works ahjve ground, anu after dark de scended the mine. Some of the quif ksllver ia procured In a native state in the mine, but the greater part exists in a blwk slaty oie. The best ore is of a reddish colour, And very heavy. As soon aa the oia comes from the mine it ia screened, and passed through a Ruccession of gratings, eich finer than the last; through the«e gratings a constant sjrearo, of water flows. The ore is thus separated into different degrees of fineness, till a residue remains reaemhliris fine black mud; into this state. Ml the coarser fragments we reduced by stamping TheblacXora U stamped by wooden lammeru worked ay a, water-wheel; a considerable quantity of mercury runs from It in & pure sUte, the remainder Is Xtii by to I5e8melted. Tbe nmeltlng-house in removed to a dis tance from the village, from which such noxious fumei are eihaled into the air as to kill the csttle in the neighbouring fields; the process of smelting It, there fore, only carried on in winter, when the cattlo are not there. TJie Bmeltlng-houae is a kind of a. large still. The powdered ore Is placed In shallow earthen dish- », aad these ar« placed in a furnace. The quicksilver by this means is evaporated, and the fumes pass In suc cession through a number of large chambers, on the Trails of which the quicksilver condenses; tho vapour po&ses; through five or six of these chambers and then into the open air. The quicksilver drains from these chamboru into a common receptacle, tnd Is then packed In iron bottles or sheepskins, and shipped to all parts of the world, especially South America. We after wards visited the mine Itself, which presents a succes sion of passages and staircases, descending to Ihe depth of about 600 feet from the surface. The quicksilver Is found in only one or two. strata, of (he Hkale of which the ground consols, and Is worked much In »?«?«? mincer as a coalp!t-^Jfe«o.V oJ Hugh Edmnjlrig UwL&A;* PtpudfRtader of Qtdogy m Qtftri, By 