SMYTHESDALE. (From our own Correspondent. 5th December. The great meeting I sent yon a word of in my last "Tetter appears to have resulted in nothing good: if anything, the matter is i»a worse po sition than before; two or three were appointed to act as a deputation to wait on the Mining Board respecting the sale of some of the town allot ments, and to make their position secure. These men waited on Mr Montgomery (Mr Harris, the other member, being in favor of the selling, and took a part in the meeting), and after stating their case, that gentle man gave a very decided opinion, but, which was not at all favorable to the interests of the deputation, and not only that, but expressed himself strongly against anything of the kind, and would on all occasions oppose the sale of the land. The effect of this ou the deputation was, that they | thought it would be useless to go to the trouble to wait on the Board, and so the agitation is at an end (for the present at least). Speaking of the Board, I remember the report respecting the division of the half-year's stipend to the mem bers; the tenth member, which the Board made its utmost to do away with, was elected only a short time before the six months came to an end; you may remember a motion being brought forward by Mr Serjeant (just as the returning officer got instructions to elect the new member) ior the distri bution of the £260, which took place before the election, taking the £25 for the tenth member for the purpose of providing newspapers, &c.;, in the board room, for the convenience of, and making it a resort for, the mem bers and their friends. Mr James, the member for Blackwood, attended three times and got his twenty-five pounds in full; Mr Harris attended twice, and got five pounds, the re mainder has oeen made use of as above 6tated, so the rumor goes. The weather has been fearfully hot the last three days, and yesterday was a regular brickfielder, everything literally buried with dust; two or three bush'fires were seen last night, but not of a very considerable extent; one seemed to be in or near Mr Dar lot's paddock, another between the township and Cherry Tree Hut, the third to the east of Brown's. To-day it is very pleasant, but cloudy, with a fine breeze from the south. 7 th December. MINING ACCIDENT.-Last Satur day in the shaft where the court house used to be, one of the men while below in the shaft got his leg broken by the fall of some of the rock. The taking of him to the Ballarat Hospi tal in such hot weather as it was last Saturday, must have effected him fearfully. RESERVE FOR THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—Some four or five months ago a public meeting of the members and friends of the Church of England was held for the purpose of nominating persons as trustees for the site marked out as a reserve; five were so elected, and their names sent to Melbourne. Fot a long time, until a week or so ago, nothing further was heard about it, when it was ascertained that certain persons had written to the Government, objecting to the granting of the land as a reserve. Some of these objectors have erected premises on the site in question, although the block was marked out as a reserve long even before the first person built on it; the others having only lately done so, even after the meeting was advertised to take place. Every one of them that has built well knew that it was, if not gazetted, that it was surveyed as a reserve, and a school house erected on on it. But it is stated (how far cor rect I cannot say) that the influence of an M.L.A. has been brought forward to oppose the gazetting. If such is the case, he has made a very bad commencement; it is difficult enough to get anything in aid for this district, without any counter influence being used in obstructing the progress of the place. The Government buildings on the camp, viz., the police barracks and stables, the lock-up and Warden's offices, are fast approaching completion, and when the new Court-house - is erected, the hill will assume a very compact appearance. A COUNTY COURT.—How long are the inhabitants of this district to be deprived of this boon ? It is to be hoped that when the sittings of the Court of Mines for the next year will be arranged, a County Court will be provided to take place at the same time, similar to what it was the present year at Creswick. BURTON'S NATIONAL CIRCUS. — This travelling troupe of equestrians made their appearance here last night, and were well patronised. To-night is their second and last. 