=ews oJt the. lid 'i. ·if A paiisfnl accident occuired yesterdy we'(ek on the Victorian Railway, at a placeab ut twelve miles from Melbourne, to a man, named I'homan Williams, a labourer; he was on a small truck hwbich;.he was propelling on the line, when tihe wheel came .off, and he was thrown violently on the ground; and sustained a fracture of the arm , the limb was subsequently amputated, and the s?-f ferer is now doing well. : X soldier. of the 40th regimcnt, named. Brown, has been committed for trial for assaulti:g. a. poor Chinaman in Little Bourke-stro?t,. Meal hourne, with his belt; there: did not alpenr to ho the slightest provocation on the part of .ohn, who. received a most dangerous wound on the temple.. I was shown some mineral water, says a correspondent to the Castlemaine paper, that had been sent down to Mr. Hodgens, of Chewton, by some friends at Jim Crow. When first opened, the liquid in the bottle had a pleasant, refreshing taste, like seltzer water, or some of the others from the German spas. I believe this water is found at Spring Flat, near Daylesford, and sooner or later it is certain to be extensively used. The discover ers intend forwarding some of the water to Dr. Macadam for analysation. . Beechworth and the surrounding portions of the district were startled on Wednesday evening week by one of, the' most terrific thunderclaps we (Orens Adrertieer) have ever. hea-dv It was'l.r ceded by a blaze (not a flash-of ligtning, which illuminated the whole heavens, ad'nearly blinded those who witnessed it. The burst of thunder was like the opening of a battery of. a thousand heavy guns. A row tnook i?ce on the ainm-road, B]ale al blows were exchariged on'loth sides, and a;n unfortunate Chinaman'received a severe blow oen the head and was otherwise injured. Four hares, .66 partridges, and 24 wild rabbits, all alive, have been added to the stock of the colony, having been brought from England by the Lightning, in charge of Captain Clarke. A daring robbery is recorded by the Ballrs rrt Times as having occurred in-that township on Fridaynight,.or rather on `atnurday morning' wn:, n a tent belonging to two men working in the Inde pendent Company's claim, was forcibly entered. The robbers must have had an unusual amouno of daring to cutithrough and enter a tent belongins to some memblers of a company, when they wei"r at work on the brace and about the claim.' which was not 50 yards distant. They carried off twelve shirts, £20 in money, bursting open one box, car rying off another, and leaving a third untouched. A woman, named Harriett Hulles, conm mitted suicide a few days ago, at the White Hills, 'Bendigo, Iby taking strychnine, having previo:slh had a quarrel with her husband, which is the canue assigned for her committing the rash act. \- A plrize'figlht took place at Portarlington last Tuesday, when the combatants pummelled each other for four hours and a-half in the presence of an immense crowd, who seemed to be highly de lighted with the entertainment. Bush-fires have been raging in the neigh bourhood of Little Bendigo and theranges Cana dian way the last few days ; their appearance at night is extremely brilliant. l)uring the storm on Monday afternoon, a large gum-tree sfanding on the Copenhagen gronmds at Ballarat, was struck by lightning; the tree, which was split from top to bottom, stood close to the ring in which the wrestling had been conducted daring the day - fortunately no injury was done. "-- James Coyle, engaged at the Warrenheip railway" works, while attemptine to get upon a waggon fell off, when the wheel of the machine passed over one of his cheeks, down the side of his body and thigh, laying bare the bone of the for mer. Fortunately, nobones vwerebroken, arnd the man is in a fair way of recovere [: A prisoner, chared with felony; made his escape near Smythesdale. He was handcuffed in a cart, and on arriving at -a had piece 'of the road where there is a hole, the officer; whuwas on hira back, went a fdw paces in front, to showthe driver the way, when the prisoner slipped off the carL and concealed himself sncce;full- in one of the mauy old shafts that abound in the locality. 'Last. Tuesday, a yout.hi:atimed George i:. S-sgoetiong r the mhlenjst- momst-telrd of'ti ie AMonarch, succeeided in victimisng? r. Thos Jones, jewellei, of Sandridge (late of Williamstown) by means'of a forged cheque,' by which he olbtined a gold watch and chain, on opera-glass and a gold ring. - Two convicts, while endeavouring to effect their escape from Port Arthur, were shot. . By telegrams.from Hobart Town we learn that Vigeres, the bushranger, has been acquitted for the Swanport murder. Spratte, convicted of shooting with intent to murder Baker, is sentenced to deat. . , " 