REVIEW. The Recollections of Geoffry Hamlyn. By HENRY KINGSLEY. In three Volumes. Cambridge: Mac- millan and Co., and 23, Henrietta-street, Covent Garden, London, 1859. IT may be necessary to state at the outset, that the Mr. Kingsley whose name appears on the title page of this book, is not the Charles Kingslay, the author of "Alton Locke," "Westward-ho!" and several other fictions which have not only attained a very wide popularity, but have had a perceptible influence on the religious as well as the philosophic sentiment of the age. The name of Henry Kingsley is new to literature, but the ability displayed in the above work promises for him a fair reputation as a writer. ' A Tho1.cluef recommendation of this book to t Australian readers will consist in a large pro- portion of the scenes being laid in this'colony! Y-v?nJlke many writers of Action, who despatcli ^their heroes for a few chapters to Australia, where their adventures comprise all the extraordi- nary travellers' stories that are current, and 0 »whence they returns through lucky gold-digging ^rpjr sheep farming with unbounded wealth, the author of " the Recollections of Geoffry Hamlyn'? TThas~~evidenlly lived a long, time in the bush1, cand ,is therefore well acquainted with _the country he .professes to descube. * ''His r-narrativo of the first settlers in- Gipps Land -possesses- the rare meiit of probability, and is at *^he t same ,tiñic written in a very graphic and i-'entertaining manner. . The principal difficulties _*ffihich'"these settlers'had io contend with were of -coursefthe blacks ahd.the bushrangers, and the -encounters he describes-though some of thom fr*mayvbe"recogniscd|asIpld stories-arc so altered ¿,-and so' vividly described as to possess all the i -charm -of ' a '. real >inarrative. Occasionally -characters and t events are introduced, pvhich tyill 'bé'^ "readily ' identified by ,. those who 'were acquainted with ¡Tthe7 colony twenty of thirty years ago. The .«-descriptions of natural objects are also graphic ^âhdt accurate, shelving a close" and intelligent observation of the features of the country. The .~pk>t of the story is 'well constructed, the attenj . ti'on 'being sustained to the close. Altogether -"flie-Rccollections of Geoffry Hamlyn" deserves s to become popular as an interesting exciting ?pstory,-and also as faithfully illustrating tfie X Struggles and rewards of the pioneers of civili _ cation in Australia. ' ' ii" 'The story opens towards the close of the last century, and the first scenes are laid in a village "in ^Devonshire, named Drumston. The chief hi- tter est of the story attaches to the daughter of i.the clergyman, "a beautiful girl, impetuous, ..merry, and thoughtless, -with black waving hail ' _nd dark blue eyes,-the handsomest and the -best-in the parish." Mary Thornton had of ^course many suitors, but-for love is blind-her .j choice unhappily fell upon George Hawker,'who .'ia introdu *d as a handsome fellow, but with a -forehead so low and narrow, and with so much ,. of his skull behind his .ears, as ta mark him' oui for evil courses. Two other of Mary's suitors, 1 James Stockbridge , and Thomas Troubridge^ are made to play important parts in the story. 1 Major Buckley, the son 'of an impoverished t landed proprietor, who 'had fought in the wars against Buonaparte, and returned home at the J peace to his wife and son, and Captain Brent- wood (of the Ai^tilleiy) and his daughter, are "prominent characters throughout-the book. .,,-Jaârly'in. the story, Mary's scapegrace of a _iover is shown in the company' of a returned «.convict, named William "Lee, who had advised '¡Mm' to forge hie father's name to discharge debts pcbntracted by his extravagance, and now turns _upon him, demanding a large sum asjhe price -of silence. Accordingly a second,' and'a thiid .'forgery are resorted to, his father being old' and -nearly blind, and completely under the influence [of a gipsy woman who is living with him,.'and ¿who i turns out to be George Hawker's mother. The consent of the clergyman l cannot be obtained to his daughter's marriage ' with him, and at his suggestion, soon ) after .'.coming into possession of a large legacy that had been left her, she elopes with him to LondonJ where they are married. Here, all his vicious . propensities come into full play ; his own money -and hers too are quickly dissipated in horse* gracing and gambling, and poverty and distress ', have overtaken them when Mary becomes a -_.» mother. Tender womanly appeals are made ?to him, but the wretch is now lost "to all sense 'of right * or shame ; " sin -plucks on sin," and as his depraved tastes are ^paramount, to satisfy them he joins a gang of swindlers. In the meantime, his father has , discovered his frauds, and, having turned his gipsy mother out of the house, disinherits him. t The woman communicates with him advising -?concealment, as, his forgery being discovered, he "is liable to arrest. There is little use for the caution, for a climax shortly comes to poor 'Mary's misery, when one night the police enter, the house and apprehend her husband on a charge of coining, finding the implements in his posses-, sion. His guilt being evident, he is convicted and transported to Van Dieman's Land. - ¡ -, The old story Í3 once more, and very patheti- cally, told. The villain-beguiled daughter jour -neys footsore and heart-broken, with her boy in ' her arms, back to her native village, just in time to see her father die. She meets with a warm \--welcome from her maiden aunt, and, with a cool determination, which, if ever met with in' actual life, is rarely hazarded in works of fiction, she ,' resolves to bury in oblivion all recollection of "her worthless husband, and appears to succeed < in the effort. The second volume introduces us not only to new scenes, but to a new world. The Buckleys, "the Brentwoods, Stockbridge, and Trowbridge, ' had started for Australia, and wishing to remain near her old friends as well perhaps as to banish old associations, Mary with her aunt and her fson join them. On arriving in this colony the party proceed to Gipps Land to take up new "runs, and buy stock, which of course -turn out .mmensely remunerative. The 'occurrences -described in the bush stretch 'over a period of about twenty years, in the course of which the children . become men and women-young Hawker, in "heriting his father's bad propensities and prov 'ing~a~ great trouble to his mother. The steady, prosperity of the party is only broken in upon by incursions from the blacks, and the bush- rangers. An affray with the former of these, in which Stockbridge is killed, - the arrival of two old friends from Drumston, Dr. Mulhaus and Mr. Thornton's successor, the Rev. Frank Maberly, now the Dean of B-, " a very "muscular Christian," and probably a copy of Bishop Selwyn,-and some pretty love-making between Sam Buckley and Alice Brentwood, are the prominent incidents in the second volume. \- In the third volume we find the party in a state of terror, apprehending the visits of a gang of bushrangers known to be in the neighbour- hood, among whom are some escaped Vande monians. Reports come in from all quarters of their desperateness and violence ; and, to Mary Hawker's horror, she hears that their ring- leader is no other than her husband, whom she believed and hoped to have died in Van Die men's Land. A body of troopers under Cap- I tain Dcsborough is sent up from Sydney in pursuit of them, and they, assisted hy the i settlers, including young. Hawker, at length J overtake the bushrangers, and some desperate .fighting takes place. The latter are completely ' routed, «some being killed.and others captured,': towards the close of the encounter the ring- leader finds himself set upon by Dcsboroiv?1 and Young Hawker, and a scene occ«i'S, like that on which Matthew Arnold has built his "powerful tragic episode-of "Sohrab-andRustum;" -a shot from the father's pistol pierces the son's breast. Hawker manages to escape, h"i having'"" to*""*lead" "his"horse do"»- a* wooded precipice, the animal misses his footing, and falls ; his r»»tols are gone with the ' saddle,' and h- «as to make his way towards a vacant hut» turning an angle in the path he meets Posborough, who has followed by another **"ute ; be is helpless and surrenders, his w'*'013 are manacled to the saddle ; and sub- sequently he is tried, convicted, and executed. On his'way to the lock-up, Hawker learns, from his captor'the'issue of his last crime. This scene is a striking one, and well described. '"That young fellow I shot down when you were »fter me, is he dead ?" ' >. "By this time," said Desborough. "Ile was just dying when I carne away." ' ¡ " "Would you mind stopping for a moment, Captain?" Now tell me who was ho ?" > "Mr. Charles Hawker, son of Mrs. Hawker, of Toonarbin " >' ' He gave such a yell that Dcsborough shrunk from him appalled,-a cry as of a wounded tiger,-and "struggled so wildly -witlrhis handcuffs that the blood poured from his .wiists. Dcsborough told .me after- wards that the wild, fierce, despairing cry, rang in his ears for many years afterwards, and would never be forgotten till those ears were closed with the dust of the grave. < The gang of bushrangers being broken up, quieter times follow. 'Young Buckley marries Miss Brentwood, and Trowbridge proposes to, and is accepted by, Mrs. Hawker. Buckley and Trowbridge enter into partnership, and take up stations in New England, investing their piofits in Melbourne property. The new investments are still more profitable than the old ; and at length the whole party leave the colony where the large fortunes they have realised enable them to'" live very happy afterwards." Such is an outline of the story as supposed to _be told by Geoffry Hamlyn, who, it should have been stated,' was one of the party, but took a subordinate part in the occurrences. We pro- ceed to extract some of the descriptions of Aus- tralian life, the fidelity of which will be admitted. Here is a sketch of the bush which occurs in relating- an excursion" to Capo Chatham, au imaginary headland on the Gipps Land coast : It was a glorious crystal clear day in autumn ; all nature, aroused fioin her summer's rest, had put off her suit of hodden grey, and was flaunting in gaudiest green. The atmosphere was so amazingly pure that miles away across the plains the travellers " could dis- tinguish the herds of turkeys (bastards) stalking to and fro, while before them, that noble maritim» moun- tain Capo Chatham toweied up,'sharply defined above the gleaming haze which maikcd the distant sea. For a time^their way lay straight across the broad well-grassed plains, marked with lippies as though the retiring sea had but just loft it. Then n green swamp ; through the tall reeds the n-ttive companion, king of cranes, waded majestic ; the brilliant porphyry waterhen, with scarlet bill and leg's, flashed like a sapphire among the emerald green water-sedge. A shallow lake, dotted with wild ducks ; here and there a group of wud swan, black with red bills, floating calmly- on its bosom. A long stretch of grass as smooth as- aibowling green. . A sudden rocky rise, clothed with > native cypress (Exocarpus-Oh my botanical readers !), honeysuckle (Banksia), she-oak (Casuarina), and hero and there a stunted gum. ' Cape Chatham began to show grander and nearer, topping all ; and soon'they saw the broad belt of brown sandy heath that lay nlong the »-hore. "Here," said the Doctor, riding up, "we leave the last limit of the lava streams norn Mirngish and the Organ-hill, Now, immediately you shall see how we pass fromithe richly-grassed volcanic plains, into .the ban-en sandstone heaths ; from a productive pasture land into a useless flower-garden. Nature here is economical, as she always is : she mikes her choicest ornamental efforts on spots otherwise useless. You will see a greater variety of vegetation on one acre of your sandy, heath than on two square ' miles of the thickly grassed countiy we have been,passing over." It was as he said. They came soon on the heath ; a dark dreary expanse, dull to look upon after so long a journey upon the bright green grass. It stretched away right and left interminably, only broken here and* there with islands of dull-coloured trees ; as melancholy a piece of country as one could conceive : yet far more thickly peopled with animal as well as vegetable life, than the rich pastoral downs further inland. Now they began to see the little red brush kangaroo, and the groy forester, skipping away in all directions ; and had it been summer they would have been startled more than once by the brown snake, and the copper snake, deadliest of their tribe. The painted quail, and the brush quail (the largest of Aus- tralian game birds I believe), whirred away from be- neath their horses' feet ; and the ground pariot, green with mottlings of gold and black, rose like a paltridge from the heather, and flew low. Here, too, the Doctor flushed a " White's thrush," close to an out- lying belt of forest, and got into a great state of ex- citement about it. " The only known bird," he said, which is found in Europe, America, and Australia alike." Then he pointed out the emu wren, a little tiny brown fellow, with long hairy tail-feathers, flit- ting from bush to bush ; and then, leaving ornitho- logy, called their attention to the wonderful variety of low vegetation, that they were riding through j Ilákeas, Acacias, Grevilleas, and what not. In spring this brown heath would have been a brilliant mass of flowers ; but now, nothing was to be seen save a few tall crimson spikes of Epacris, and here and there a bunch of lemon-coloured Correas." The following is an equally happy picture of a sheep station. A creek joined the river about a mile below the Buckley's station, falling into the main stream -with rather a pretty cascade, which even at the end of the hottest summer poured a tiny silver thread across the black rocks. Above the cascade the creek cut deep into tlie table land, making a charming glen,_with pre- cipitous blue stone walls, some eighty or ninety f'eot in height, fringed with black wattle and lightwood, and here and there, among the fallen rocks nearest the water, a fern tree or so, which last I may say are no longer there, Dr. Mulhaus having cut the hearts out of them and eaten them tor óabbage. Should you wan- der up this little gully on a hot summer's day, you would be charmed with the beauty of the scenery, and the shady coolness of the spot ; till coming upon a black snake coiled away among the rocks, like a rope on the deck of a mnn-of-war, you would probably withdraw, not without a strong inclination to " shy ' at every black stick you saw for the rest of the day. For this lower part of the Moira creek was, I am sorry to say, the most troubled locality for snakes, diamond, black, carpet, ' and other, which I ever happened to see. But following this creek you would find that the hanks got rapidly less precipitous, and at length it s wept in long curves through open forest glades, spreading, too, into deep dark water-holes, only con- nected by gravelly fords, with a slender stream of clear water running across the yellow pebbles. These water-holes were the haunts of the platypus and the tortoise. Here, too, were flocks, of black duck and teal, and as you rode past, the merry little snipe would rise from the water's edge, and whisk away like light- ning through the trees. Altogether a pleasant wood- land creek, alongside of which, under the mighty box trees, ran a sandy road, bordered with deep beds of bracken fern, which led from Baroona of the Buckleys to Toonarbin of the Hawkers. A pleasant road, indeed, winding through the old forest straight towards the mountains, shifting its course so often that every minute some new vista opened upon you, till at length you came suddenly upon a clear space, beyond which rose a picturesque little granite cap, at the foot of which you saw a charming house, covered with green creepers, and backed hy huts, sheepyards, a woolshed, and the usual concomitants of a flourishing Australian sheep station. Behind all again towered lofty, dark hang- ing woods, closing the prospect. A glowing description of a terrible bush fire is also worth extracting. I had seen many bush-fires, but never such a one as this. The wind was blowing a hurricane, and, when I had written about 2 miles into scrub, high enough to brush my horse's belly, I began to get frightened. Still I persevered, against hope ; the heat grew more fearful every moment ; but I reflected that I had ridden up close to a bush-fire ?????? to see the flame ??? and the smoke, and cantered away from it easily. Then it struck me that I had never yet seen a bush-fire in such a hurricane as this. Then I remem- bered stories of men riding for their lives, and others of burnt horses and men found in the bush. And, now, I saw a sight which made me turn in good earnest. I was in lofty timber, and, as I paused, I heard the mighty cracking of fire coming through the wood. At the same instant the blinding smoke burst into a million tongues of flickering flame, and I saw the fire —not where I had ever seen it before—not creeping along among the scrub—but up aloft, a hundred and fifty feet overhead. It had caught the dry bituminous tops of the higher boughs, and was flying from tree- top to tree-top like lightning. Below, the wind was comparatively moderate, but, up there, it was travel- ling twenty miles an hour. I saw one tree ignite like gun-cotton, and then my heart grew small, and I turned and fled. I rode as I never rode before. There were three miles to go ere I cleared the forest, and got among the short grass, where I could save myself—three miles! Ten minutes nearly of intolerable heat, blinding smoke, and mortal terror. Any death but this ! Drowning were pleasant, glorious to sink down into the cool sparkling water. But, to be burnt alive ! Fool that I was to venture so far ! I would give all my money now to be nnked and pen- niless, rolling about in a cool pleasant river. The maddened, terrified horse went like the wind, but not like the hurricane—that was too swift for us. The fire had outstripped us over-head, and I could see it dimly through the infernal choking reek, leaping and blazing a hundred yards before me, among the feathery foliage, devouring it, as the south wind de- vours the thunder clouds. Then I could see nothing. Was I clear of the forest ? Thank the Lord, yes—I was riding over grass. I managed to pull up the horse, and as I did so, a mob of kangaroos blundered by, blinded, almost against me, noticing me no more in their terror than if I had been a stump or a stone. Soon the fire came hissing along through the grass scarcely six inches high, and I walked my horse through it ; then I tumbled off on the blackened ground, and felt as if I should die. I lay there on the hot black ground. My head felt like a block of stone, and my neck was stiff so that I could not move my head. My throat was swelled and dry as a sand-hill, and there was a roaring in my ears like a cataract. I thought of the cool waterfalls among the rocks far away in Devon. I thought of everything that was cold and pleasant, and then came into my head about Dives praying for a drop of water. I tried to get up, but could not, so lay down again with my head upon my arm. It grew cooler, and the atmosphere was clearer. I got up, and, mounting my horse, turned homeward. Now I bogan to think about the station. Could it have escaped ? Impossible ! The fire would fly a hundred yards or more such a day as this even in low plain. No, it must be gone ! There was a great roll in the plain between me and (home, so that I could see nothing of our place-all around the country was black, without a trace of vegetation. Behind me were the smoking ruins of the forest I had escaped from, where now the burnt-out trees began to thunder down rapidly, and before, to the south, I could see the fire raging miles away. So the station is burnt, then ? No ! For as I top the ridge, there it is before me, standing as of old—a bright oasis in the desert of burnt country round. Ay ! the very hay-stack is safe ! And the paddocks ? —all right !—glory be to God ! "We will make one more extract. It forms part of a conversation between the Dean and Major Buckley. The remarks of the former are severe, but were more applicable at the time when they were supposed to be uttered than at present. "I must invade some of these huts, and see what is to be done," said Frank. "I have had a hard spell of work in London since old times ; but I have seen enough already to tell me that work was not so hope- less as this will be. I think, however, that there is more chance here than among the little farmers in the settled districts. Here, at all events, I shan't have the rum-bottle eternally standing between me and my man. What a glorious, independent, happy set of men are those said small freeholders, Major ! What a happy exchange an english peasant makes when he leaves an old, well-ordered society, the ordinance of religion, the various give-and-take relations between rank and rank, which make up the sum of English life, for independence, godlessness, and rum ! He gains, say you! Yes, he gains meat for his dinner every day, and voila tout ! Contrast an English work- house schoolboy—I take the lowest class for example, a class which should not exist—with a small farmer's son in one of the settled districts. Which will make the most useful citizen ? Give me the workhouse lad !" " Oh, but you are over-stating the ease, you know, Dean," said the Major. " You must have a class of small farmers ! Wherever the land is fit for cultiva- tion it must be sold to agriculturists ; or otherwise, in case of a war, we shall be dependent on Europe and America for the bread we eat. I know some excellent and exemplary men who are farmers, I assure you." "Of course! of course!" said Frank. "I did not mean quite all I said ; but I am angry and disap- pointed. I pictured to myself the labourer, English, Scotch, or Irish-a man whom I know, andhave lived with and worked ior some years, emigrating, and, after a few years of honest toil, which, compared to his old haul drudgery, was child's-play, saving money enough to buy a farm. I pictured to myself this man ?accumulating wealth, happy, honest, godly, bringing up a family of brave boys and good girls, in a country where, theoretically, the temptations to crime are all but removed : this is what I imagined. I came out here, and what do I find ? My friend the labourer has got his faim, and is prospering, after a, sort. He has turned to be a drunken, godless, impudent fellow, and his wife little better than himself; his daughters dowdy hussies ; his sons lanky, lean, pasty-faced, blaspheming blackguards, drinkmg rum before break- fast, and living by cheating one another out of horses. Can you deny this picture ?" " Yes," said the Major, " I can disprove it hy many happy instances, and yet, to say the truth, it is fearfully tiue in as many more. There is no social influence in the settled districts ; there are too many men without masters. Let us wait und hope." . Interspersed throughout the work are some remarks which do not display the same sagacity or observation which the descriptions generally ( exhibit. For instance, he speaks of " the drowning cries of hundreds of good sailors, who have been missed and never more heard of, bearing witness that this is the most pitiless and unpiotected, and even in calm weather the most dangerous coast in the world ;" and of the dangerous ground swell on the coast having caused the destruction of the Monumental City, the Schomberg, the Duncan Dunbar (probably meaning the Dunbar), and the Catherine Adam- son. Such ample particulars have been pub- lished respecting the loss of these vessels, which occuned from altogether different and and clearly asceitained causes, that so ignorant a misstatement is unpardonable, even in a fiction. ^ v Another mistake may be noticed, but one of less consequence. Allusion is made to the " immortal Flying Pieman" as a notoriety in Sydney, who had long been " gathered to his fathers." If this were the case the illustrious pedestrian must have cultivated the art of walk- ing-to some purpose, and be immortal in a literal sense, as only last week he was haranguing a select audience in front of our office on vote by ballot, Chinese immigration, and the social evil. Looking at the work before us from an Aus- tralian standpoint, it is open to objection on the ground of making colonial life a mere episode in a man's history, only endured for the purpose of accumulating wealth to be spent elsewhere. It is, no doubt, one of the penalties attending the rapid agerandisement of some of the early settlers and speculators in Australia, that it has come to take the place of India in modern fictions, as a convenient resort for deserving characters to repair their ruined fortunes, without that violation of probability which the decease of wealthy but previously unknown relatives at the happy juncture, involves. But the days of such 1 sudden foi tune-making ar«p.ow happily gone by -happily, for the permanent prospects of these colonies, and for their liddance of the öl ?ffië"0cuaracîèrs, young Buckley, who, it must be remembered, was a child when he left England, is made to express himself thus " Don't let me hear all that balderdash about the founding of new empires. Empires take too long _ in growing for me. What honouis, what society ,Jias this little colony Jo. give, com- pared to those opën~to a fouTth-rato gentleman in England^? I want to be a real gentleman not half a~oiie\\_I wantata.throw in my lot, heäit an~d^and,~ willi the greatest nation in the world." Such a speech may "have Jbeen made, but the writer must be ' conscious «that a very large majoiity of those who, having arrived in the ; colony in their childhood, visit England, soon return to the country of > their early associations" and'sympathies.! The notion that, after all, England is the'only country fit to live in, may do very well to pamper the selfish pride of un travelled'Englishmen, but it is scouted as a monstrous heresy by those who have been brought up under a brighter sky and a more genial'atmosphere, and amongst the romantic mountain ranges and gullies of Australia. Every year is adding to the solid attractions which re- commend Australia as a place for the permanent settlement of English families, and any repre- sentations of its_ being an undesirable home for them will find little approval1 here. 'Weare aware of the obvious answer to this objection-that the work was written for English rather than for Australian readers. As, how- ever, the work has been sont to us for notice, we venture to give, an Australian'opinion upon it. The dissemination of such exploded notions amongst English readers serves to perpetuate the idea of banishment in connexion with emi- gration, and also to unsettle the minds of the thousands yearly emigrating to these colo- nies hy the fallacy that they are coming out to make fortunes, and then to return home. The author's observation of a long residence Jn this colony must have con- vinced him of the preposterousness of this fallacy, and also have suggested whether Aus- tralia is not a fit resting-place for English'r men. ' Nor is the excuse admissible that the sentiment is presented in a mere work of fiction. Novels are now seldom written merely for the amusement of idle youfhs or romantic young ladies ; they are fast ceasing to consist i mainly of humourous exaggerations of eccentric characters, or of, satires on ' the follies of mankind, but have become the medium through which the deepest and most earnest thinkers preach to the public. Fresh from the broad generous views and true representations of human life in the works of Charles Kingsley, we are chilled with the narrow scope and selfish consummation designed by one who bears that distinguished name. Bringing the story down to the days of responsible government in these i colonies, we look in vain through his volumes for any recognition of their important social or moral interests, or of the inherent elements of their national progress. A writer who has spent the best years of his life in Australia might surely have learned to look upon her destiny in a higher aspect than as a field for the develop- ment of sordid money-making propensities. The rise of young empires and the gradual pro- gress of their social institutions, would furnish ample materials of interest to a writer so well acquainted -with the colonies, quite as accept- able to English readers, if we mistake not, as encounters with aborigines and bushrangers, cr details of personal aggrandisement. The author describes himself as a " prentice hand," but looks forward to meeting his readers again. If he should in his next work lay the scenes in these colonies, we hope he may take a broader view of their capabilities and destinies. 