EXPLORATION IN QUEENSLAND. THE BURDEKIN EXPEDITION. The following is the official report of Mr. J. W. Smith, R.N., commander of the expedition which recently examined the north-east coast of Queensland, from the mouth of the Burdekin River, to the Government of Queensland :- Brisbane, November 12, 1860. - Sir, - In pur- suance of instructions from His Excellency (dated 11th August, 1860), to take command of the schooner Spitfire, and to prosecute the neces- sary explorations on the N.E. coast of this colony, with the object of ascertaining the outlet of the River Burdekin, I immediately made arrange- ments, and was enabled by the 22nd of the same month to take my departure from Brisbane. Our party consisted (besides myself in command) of Mr. G. E. Dalrymple (Commissioner of Crown Lands), Mr. R. P. Stone (surveyor), Mr. Bous field (the master of the Spitfire), and Mr. Fitzal lan (botanical collector), seven seamen, and two aborigines ; making 14 in all. " On Tuesday, the 4th September, we cleared the entrance of the Fitzroy River, and, shaping a northern course, we arrived at the Northumber land group of islands. At noon of the 5th, the central peak of No. 1 Percy Island bore N.W., eight miles distant. We passed between, No. 2 Percy and Pine Islands. These islands present a most pleasing appearance ; the summits, which are elevated between 600 and 800 feet, are clothed with verdure, consisting of acacias, gum-trees, black wattle, pandanus, cypress, laurels, several species of the genus rosaciæ, and numerous copses of a very beautiful and useful pine. On the Pine Islands of Captain King, westward of No. 2 Percy, the whole space is one large forest of straight pines, of excellent dimensions, and readily ob- tainable. Moreover, there is a good harbour, where a ship of any dimensions could remain at anchor in very smooth water close to where spars are procurable. This group of islands is occasion- ally visited by natives, but they are not permanent inhabitants. As the Spitfire passed in, the smoke of fires was seen on No. 2 Island ; but I did not deem it prudent to allow a moment's delay with so fair a wind blowing. Here water is easily ob- tainable for shipping purposes, and fish are to be hauled in with the seine in very large quantities. " September 7, at noon, we were in latitude 20deg. 52min. S., and longitude 149deg. 23min. E. At 2.30 p.m., whilst passing the island marked II, observed a dense smoke and heard an explosion, such as would be caused by gun powder, which induced me to examine the place in the event of any distressed shipwrecked mariners being there. Having anchored, and observing natives on the beach, our party imme- diately landed, using such precautionary mea- sures as are absolutely necessary amongst a savage and hostile people. After a slight manoeuvring, we succeeded in obtaining an interview with these people, who numbered in the whole about 14; but we failed to obtain any informa- tion which could explain the cause of the explo- sion which we heard. We saw six canoes, each about 8 feet long and 3 feet 6 inches broad, made of bark and sewn together with a species of cane, with fishing apparatus in each. There is very excellent anchorage under these islands; and water is procurable with some difficulty. Geological and a few botanical specimens were obtained during our stay ; and at daylight on Saturday, September 8, we weighed anchor, pur- suing our course to the N.W. On night coming on, we hauled in under Shaw's Peak, in 12½ fathoms, with a muddy bottom. This bay, which is formed by an amphitheatre of hills has very deep water, and we had much trouble in finding a spot suitable as an anchorage for our little vessel. "Sunday, September 9. - At daylight we en- tered the ' Whit Sunday' Channel at about 8 a.m. We narrowly escaped running on a small pinnicle rock, with its apex awash, and so much resem- bling a turtle that even the aborigines on board were at first deceived, until we were nearly on the top of it. Such a catastrophe, I am afraid, would have been fatal to the expedition, as it happened to be high water at the time. At 2 p.m., finding the wind falling light, and the channel from our morning's experience being probably dangerous, I determined to enter Port Molle, where we came to in 7½ fathoms on its southern side, abreast of a beach on the northern face of Boomerang Island. Here, as at every place which we visited, geolo- gical and botanical specimens were obtained; among, the latter, a most beautiful flower, of a scarlet colour, completely covering the few trees which we saw of it. Upon close examination, it was observed that, at this season, there were no leaves on the tree, which has a whitish bark and is about 20 feet in height. Port Molle is in itself an excellent harbour, but being shut in by a semicircle of high mountains without any ap parent pass into the interior (all of which hills are densely covered with scrub and thick forest), it would not appear at all available for any useful purposes, as an outlet to the country even in its own immediate vicinity. At about 8 p.m. we anchored under Glou- cester Island, where there were numerous fires burning about the hills. This island, which has a small craft channel between it and the main- land, is the first of those remarkable projecting high headlands which lie between this point and Magnetical Island. "On Tuesday, September 11, we weighed at day- light, steering across Edgecumbe Bay, and easily found the entrance to Port Denison, discovered in 1859 by Mr. Sinclair. Nothing could be more gratifying than this splendid little port ; so I re- turned to the vessel, and from the masthead piloted her in. After anchoring in a position which afforded shelter against all winds, our parties landed on the island facing the centre of this port; which island I named after my assisitant 'Stone Island.' A careful examini- ation of the coast, for the opening of the Burdekin occupied our morning, without any success (except- ing a running fresh-water river, which Mr. Dal- rymple had discovered on the previous day), so we pushed across Abbott's Bay to Cape Upstart, where we arrived at 3 p.m. Here we saw no indications of natives being present, though the tracks on the sand were numerous and recent. " Friday, September 14. - To fully satisfy our- selves of these outlets being nothing but salt- water creeks, our party, making an early start, ascended the southern heights (the Station Hill of Captain Stokes), where we were engaged during the day making sketches, &c.; The view from this elevated position of 1,000 feet above the sea gave us a clear outline of a net-work of numerous salt-water creeks. The low pro- montory of Cape Bowling-green, distant 34 miles, was just discernible ; whilst the entrance of the Wickham River, at a distance of 12 miles, was observed to be breaking entirely across its mouth. On the eastern side of the peninsula is a deep gorge, which runs in a N.W. and S.E. direction, nearly through the promontory, with high towering peaks densely covered with forest to the N. and N.E. " The anchorage is nothing but an open road- stead ; and, except for procuring wood and water, is perfectly useless; as no communication was in any direction apparent across the nu- merous before-mentioned creeks, and impassable swamps. " Saturday, September 15. - Having been hove to during part of the night, we bore up at day- light, with Cape Cleveland bearing; W. half S. about nine miles distant, and at 9.30 a.m. came to in its roadstead. Fixing on a convenient rocky promontory for making observation for latitude and longitude, we landed, and perceiving a small party of natives, I was in hopes that such friendly intercourse would take place as would enable us to gather information respecting the mouth of the Burdekin. Such hopes, however, were soon blighted, for, upon an increase to their party, they suddenly made an attack, which was instantly repulsed ; when they retreated with great rapidity. Observing a canoe, passing round one of the points into a lagoon, we gave chase, and after it was deserted we took posses- sion, and broke it to pieces, so as to cut off the communication and prevent any immediate in- crease to the force of the aborigines, already numerous and violently hostile. " Sunday, September 16. - During this day we observed considerable numbers of natives about the beaches and hills, shrieking and yelling most diabolically; finally, towards the evening, (as we did not land on this day), they retired towards the south. The tides run parallel to the coast off Cape Cleveland, the ebb going to the north, and the flood to the south, at the rate, of 1.5 miles per hour. I have no doubt, in conse- quence of this act of tide, that Cape Cleveland, and also Cape Upstart, are both islands. "Tuesday, September 18. - Pursuing the traverses, we were enabled to see every part from Magnetical Island to the N.W., a distance of 23 miles; where a high ridge ranging up from the S.S.E. abruptly meets the coast, without any break through it, and, therefore, through which the Burdekin cannot pass. This range is elevated upwards of 3,000 feet, A few small creeks run into the Bay, across the mouths of which the natives passed, knee deep. These creeks are probably the drainings of the before-mentioned range, and of that lying westward, and in connection with Mount Elliott. "Wednesday, September 19. - We landed at early dawn, and ascended the heights of the south end of Halifax Bay, elevated 1,050 feet. These hills, as also the neighbouring islets, are of a reddish granite formation, though some pieces of quartz were occasionally found in the native canoes. There were numerous rock wallabies of two species - a dark chocolate and a grey. On arriving at the summit, we saw several native camps on the plains to the eastward; so we hurried through our observations with as much speed as was consistent; not, however, before they had succeeded in cutting off our re- treat. On arriving at the base of the hill, a gang had assembled dancing their war dance (corro- boree) ; and poising their spears, they commenced an immediate attack. We succeeded, however, in making our way to the boats, and in bringing one spear with us, which fell tolerably close to our little party. By the time we had embarked (having had to wade through mud and sand about 600 yards), there were upwards of 40 natives assembled, all very large, stout, able- bodied men. The women and children had, prior to this, decamped. On our return to the Spitfire, I was informed that about half-past 6 a. m., two canoes, numbering seven or eight men, had attempted to board the vessel, but that they were successfully driven off. " Our examination was now perfect from the before-mentioned high range to Magnetical Island; and my object was once more to ex- amine the inner western corner of the Cleveland promontory. On Thursday, 20th, despatching Mr. Stone with the botanical collector in one boat, and Mr. Dalrymple and myself going in the other, to our delight we each discovered large entrances, tending in the direction where Mr. Dalrymple a year previously left the Burdekin a broad running stream. These two entrances finally unite, passing in a direction to the S.E. towards Mount Elliott, and then join a third entrance, which we afterwards discovered to the east of Cape Cleveland. We did not deem it prudent to ascend more than about 10 miles, on account of the natives, and the unsafe position in which the Spitfire was lying, at which point we had a depth of water of 18 feet, and an average breadth of 180 feet, and the tide running from the S.E. It had changed during a short stopping we made. "We also discovered a rivulet to the west of Mount Abbott, emptying itself over a very shal- low sandy bar into Cleveland Bay. The banks of these streams, which are elevated about 4 feet, are interspersed with open forest and mangrove, with occasional patches of grass. There were numerous tracks, indicating by their freshness the close proximity of native tribes. "Saturday, 22nd. - As early as possible we weighed and stood further into the bay into three fathoms, where, upon anchoring the vessel, we left, in the boats, and proceeded towards an in- viting looking broad entrance, into which we went with safety, crossing a bar of seven feet. These bars are extremely dangerous, and, except- ing in very fine weather, could not be crossed even by boats, as they are exposed to the whole ocean drift from the Barrier Reef during the pre- valent N.E., E., and S.E. winds. Sharks and crocodiles are also extremely numerous, and hostile natives are ready to receive those who succeed in landing. These causes, coupled with the ever-uncertain exposed anchorage of our little vessel, rendered not only great cau- tion necessary, but also made it imperative on my part to reassemble the crew on board as soon after sundown as could be. Having crossed the bar, a deeper channel immediately presented itself of 20 feet, which depth gradually decreased to 16 and 10 feet. We carried a strong flood-tide with us for 12 miles, when our progress was inter- cepted by sand banks, and the navigation became impracticable, even for boats. The flood-stream at this point was running with great rapidity, and the water was nearly fresh. A short distance above where we were there were copses of the large eucalipti; and the direction of the stream was to the S.E. Flood- marks, also, on the banks of this delta, elevated about 16 feet, were indica- tive of the inundation of this part of the country. Besides large crocodiles, we saw innumerable quantities of young ones, about 18 inches in length, in all the small streams. The main trend of this branch was to the S.S.E., passing eastward of Mount Elliott. The banks of the river were beautifully diversified with grassy plains and open forest, but generally belted with mangrove. " Sunday, 23rd. - After divine service, we got under weigh, examining the very low coast of Bowling-green Bay, where many small creeks opened themselves into this immense delta. I have no doubt that they are all outlets of the great Burdekin River. " Monday, the 24th, commenced with heavy tropical rain, but perceiving a good entrance, we, nevertheless, pushed off to try the practicability of the bar. It proved, however, as I had antici- pated, for, after crossing a long shoal water flat, we were finally obliged to drag the boats over, when the water immediately deepened to 10 and 12ft. having deep holes of 21ft. Of those openings, five in number out of a large bay of two miles in breadth, which is entirely barred across, two only are available for boat work, which after going to the S.W. united in one main stream, and then continued running to the S.S.W. 18 miles, making ciruitous bends; when the stream became very narrow, so much so that the oars touched the mangroves on each side. It being high- water, the lead indicated that at low-water the boats would not float; which would have placed us in an ex- tremely dangerous position, in the event of an attack from the natives. So, perceiving the inutility of going any farther, we re- luctantly returned a couple of miles and camped for the night. The native tracks were numerous, and evidently fresh, and having ex- perienced on several occasions hostility from these tribes, we were consequently extremely vigilant during the night. '"Tuesday, 25th. - The banks of these estuaries are somewhat lower than the other parts of the delta of the Burdekin, being elevated not more than two or three feet; and flood marks were observed on the mangroves at an altitude of about 20 feet, occasional patches of open grass and copses of eucalypti were visible. The whole of the country, embracing from the Wickham River to the inner part of Cleveland Bay, is occasionally covered with water, which could come from no other but the Burdekin River. And the fact of all the entrances which were examined converging into one central point, which point is close to Dalrymple's furthest point in 1859, places it beyond the possibility of a doubt that the entrances can be anything but mouths of that great River Burdekin, which has formed the above mentioned delta, extending over a space of 60 miles. To complete the examination, we scrutinized the remaining part of Bowling green Bay, without any success ; and finally, on 28th September, visited this heights at the entrance of the Wickham River, and there had a convincing proof of its diverging towards the central point aforesaid. This river, which was ascended by Captain Wickham, R.N., in 1839, is described as beng blocked up with sand banks, and unnaviga- ble after ascending it for 14 miles: a feature precisely similar to what we had ascertained in all the other entrances. " On our landing to ascend the heights, two natives were on the beach, but they decamped, on our approach, into the forest, lighting signal fires as they went. Their canoe being on the beach, and these natives belonging to a tribe known to be hostile to white men, I made no scruple in taking canoe and spear. " The coast S.E. of the Wickham River having, prior to this, been well examined, I felt that the examination of the six mouths of the Burdekin having been completed, the object on which we had been despatched was accomplished ; and though I regret that for maritime purposes these channels are utterly useless, yet still our re- searches will give a knowledge of a coast entirely unknown before. The shallowness of the water would alone deter any vessel from approaching such a treacherous coast. " Our next object was to make a re-examina- tion and complete survey of Port Denison, where we arrived on the evening of the 29th September. " Port Denison, which lies on the western side of Edgecumbe Bay, is about 3½ miles south of the cape of that name, and W.S.W. four leagues from Gloucester Island. Midway between Glou- cester Island and the entrance of the port district lies Middle Island, which has a reef extending upwards of a mile off its south point, for which a good look-out must be kept. On approaching the western side of the bay, the Northern Head, which is the most conspicuous, shows a granite-peaked conical island elevated about 80ft., whilst the south head, which is covered with good grass, slopes down, into a mangrove gully nearly in the centre of the island. When about a mile from the heads, in from six to seven fathoms, a ship should steer towards the Northern Head, and three hills on the western side of the harbour will present themselves, the central of which is the lowest but the most remarkable, with a cone-like sum- mit. It has table land on each side, extending to the north towards Mount Gordon, which is elevated 584ft., and to the south, towards Mount Bramston, elevated 401ft. Both of these hills are covered with forest and scrub. This central and lowest hill should be steered for in a course of S.W. ¼ S. , which will pass through the deepest part of the channel, having not less than 18ft. at low water springs, and will leave the north head two cables distant, and the south three and a half cables, with a navigable channel of nearly half-a-mile; avoid with caution the south head. Pursue this course until the Ob- servatory Sand Spit bears about S.S.E. A vessel will be then at liberty to go either to the north, where water is to be obtained, or to the south, towards the Sand Spit, in an anchorage as smooth as Sydney harbour. The dimensions of the port (which when mapped somewhat resembles the human ear) are about three miles in length, with nearly two in breadth, with a central depth of 27 feet. From under Mount Bramston a two-foot coral flat extends, leaving a channel of nearly one mile, when it meets the numerous detached coral rocks which lie upwards of half-a-mile off the south point of Stone Island. This island, which has gently rising hills, elevated 87 feet, covered with grass, is a very picturesque little spot. The land- ing is smooth on the beaches anywhere, but unfortunately we did not succeed in getting water. " Our work being now completed, and our stock of salt meat getting short, coupled with the prospect of a probable S.E. wind, we started on our return. We were, however, extremely fortunate, and, after a passage of nine days, arrived at Moreton Island on October 18, 1860. Miles. By the straight route from Brisbane to Cape Gloucester is 585 miles, making a distance to Port Denison of nearly ... ... ... ... 600 From Cape Edgecombe to Cape Upstart ... 32 From Cape Upstart to Cape Bowling-green, which is the central part of the delta of the Burdekin ... ... ... ... 35 Our coast work from Cape Bowling-green, extending over a close examination up to lat 19 S., of ... ... ... 100 Making a total of ... ... 767 The report of Mr. G. E. Dalrymple, the Com missioner of Crown Lands in the Kennedy dis- trict, who accompanied the expedition, is (abridged) as follows :- " Early on the 5th of September we bore up for High Peak Island, which we passed at 8.20 a.m., and sighted the Percy group, distant about 30 miles. The former island is of pyramidal form, of about 800 feet abrupt eleva- tion, is surrounded by low cliffs of red-coloured rock, probably porphyritic, and is partially clothed with dwarf pines. On the same afternoon we anchored in the harbour formed by the Percy Islands, off Beale's Creek watering-place. They appear to be formed of a coarse sandy conglome- rate, which forms the cliffs and headlands of their coasts, and crops out on the crests of the hills. Grassy hills rise to an elevation of about 800 ft., openly timbered with eucalypti, casuarinæ, pan- danus palms, &c.; The valleys and richer flats are densely wooded with fine pines of the genus Cookei, and small belts of scrub, in which are bottle trees, yellow wood, acacias, iron wood, and a variety and network of scrub vines and creepers. These islands are well adapted for cattle pas- tures, while portions of considerable extent are suitable for cultivation. The botanical collector attached to the Expedition here obtained speci- mens of a new and very beautiful terrestrial orchid (Vauda Ceruliensis). Mr. Hill, director of the Botanical Gardens at Brisbane, first dis- covered this beautiful plant on No. 2 Percy, in 1854; but the attack of the aborigines, which re- sulted in the murder of his companion, Mr. Strange, obliged him to abandon his specimens. " The Spitfire passed the high peak of Prudhoe Island at 9 p.m., and during the night and fol- lowing morning the others of this group. At 10 a.m. of the 7th September, L islands rose three miles off. These islands are lofty, some clothed with stunted dark green timber to the hill tops ; the last-named sweeping upwards in beautiful grassy slopes from a rocky shore to a more peak- shaped summit ; deep ravines furrow its sides, clothed with dense dark scrub. At 2 p.m., we ran along under the precipitous sides of M Island, which rises sheer out of the sea in crags and grassy and thickly wooded steeps of eucalypti fici, pines, &c.;, to an elevation of 874 feet. Dense clouds of smoke rose from the fires of the natives on the west side of the island. Blacks were seen on the beach carrying their canoes up out of the water into the thickets. They then ascended the hills, and saluted us with wild cries, as we proceeded to our anchorage. We landed in the whaleboat on the western island, the natives awaiting our approach on the beach, but taking again to the hills when we neared the shore. Four very neat bark canoes were found close to the beach, and another was seen paddled by a native at the opposite side of the harbour. They are formed of three sheets of bark taken from a eucalyptus; are about 8 feet long, 3½ feet broad, and 20 inches deep ; are pointed and turned up at both ends, and are very neatly and strongly sewn together with a long, tough, cane-like creeper. Two cross sticks between the gunwales keep the whole in form. In each canoe was a very neatly-made paddle, ornamented with crosses of red paint, or raddle, on the blade, Seve- ral large shells to hold water or bail out, a piece of Vauda Ceruliensis, of about 6 inches long (purpose unknown), a long coil of fishing-line very neatly made, probably of the fibre of the panda- nus palm-leaf, and to which was attached a spear head of about five inches in length neatly barbed, and pointed with a very hard and sharp fish bone. These spear heads are fitted into a socket in the end of a long spear, which the blacks throw from their canoes with considerable precision into dugong, turtle, or other large fish. The barbed point remains in the flesh, the spear floats off, and is picked up; the line, fast to the spear head, is then paid out, and the fish is run and killed, very much as whalers capture their more gigantic prey. From the appearance of a dugong found newly killed in a camp on Upstart Bay, it would appear that the canoe is kept close over the fish, which, on rising to the surface to blow, is assailed with waddies and spears, there being no less than 13 broken spear points in the head and shoulders, the snout and forehead being also considerably disfigured by the blows of nullah nullahs (native clubs). " We were enabled to hold friendly intercourse with the natives, although they were very shy, their numbers, which generally inspire them with confidence, being small. They are well made athletic men ; from their plentiful fish diet they are sleek and fat ; but they have an extremely savage expression of countenance. We found that the word used by these people for water is 'Caalyi Caalyi,' and a good supply was found close to the beach in a grove of pandanus palms. '' On the 8th of September, we stood away N.W. past Linhe Peak and the islands of Sir James Smith's group; Cape Conway and the mountain ranges forming the watershed of the River Bowen and Repulse Bay, were visible to the W. by N. and W. The islands of this group are of the same character and formation as M and L Islands. There, however, a difference was remarked by the botanical collector in the pines, which, although with many characteristics of the pinus Cunninghamei, approach more to the pinus Cookei of the New Caledonian variety. At sun- down the Spitfire rounded the western point of Shaw Island, and anchored in 12 fathoms, in its fine sheltered harbour under Shaw's Peak, of 1601 feet elevation. " On the morning of the 9th of September, we passed through the straits between Cape Conway, Pine Head, and,the opposite Pentecost Whit- sunday, and Passage Islands. The coast of the main land is a chain of wooded mountains, run- ning from Cape Gloucester behind Port Molle, and terminating in the high bluff headland of Cape Conway, their steep sides descending right into the sea. Pines of the genus auracaria Cookei are sprinkled over the mountains of the mainland and the adjacent islands. The latter have lofty crags and peaks of basalt, porphyry, and other igneous rocks. Grassy and wooded hills, with deep ravines, full of towering dark green pines, slope to the margin of the water, or descend in low cliffs of red porphyry steep into the foreground of deep aquamarine blue sea, gently ruffled by the soft south- easterly trade wind, forming a succession of scenes of remark- able beauty, as mountains, cliffs, and pine-fringed bays, were passed in rapid succession, worthy to rank with the smiling coasts of the Levant, Italy, or the sunny islands of the Pacific. " Port Molle is a very fine harbour, lying in an amphitheatre of mountains, which rise sheer out of its waters to elevations of from, 500 to 2,000 feet, those on the western or mainland side being the loftiest. The entrance is faced by high islands. "At the southern corner of the harbour, a narrow but deep passage enters from the sea near Pine Head, the high mountains descending on either side steep into its waters, giving it somewhat the appearance of a Norwegian fiord. Although a beautilul harbour, it is, however, unfortunately of no immediate utility as a port for the adjacent country of the mainland, being, like Port Bowen, very much isolated from the district behind, and the whole of the W. side of the harbour being shut in by an impassable barrier of steep lofty hills covered with dense scrub. A gorge appears to penetrate to the N.N.W., connecting the coast at the base of Mount Dryander with a valley run- ning into the interior. But not only would a large sum of money be required to clear the scrub and rocks for a roadway, but no site exists for a township, where the valley debouches on the har- bour. I consider that Port Molle can put forth no claims to be adopted as the port of the Kennedy district, although its individual merits - its posi- tion in the centre of the inner route to Torres Straits, and in the midst of a multitude of islands of great fertility - will, doubtless, at no distant date bring civilization and commerce to its shores. " The Seaforthia and Pandanus palms, the Auracaria Cookei, bottle trees, acacias, a splendid scarlet flowering Erythrina, and Hybiscus, were observed in the thickets of Molle Head. Euca- lypti, ash, tea-trees, figs (Ficus elastica) formed the forest of the lower hills and flats, the rocks of which were of igneous formation, and covered with long rank wiry grass. White cockatoos hovering near the beach, led us to excellent water, in wells of the natives. Curlews, red- bills and two sorts of fish-hawks, one white and the other black and white, and as large as an eagle frequent this neighbourhood. Turtles, snapper, kingfish, mullet, barracouta, and sharks were seen in abundance. " On the morning of the 10th September, the Spitfire left Port Molle. We were becalmed five miles off shore, and the broad range and lofty peak of Mount Dryander, covered to the summit with dark forest and scrub, rose from the water's edge due west to a height of 4,566ft. The coast country here very much improves, open forest and richly grassed hills and ridges coming down to the salt water. Numerous smokes of native bush-fires rose all along the mainland and the islands. Two natives came off to us in a canoe, similar to those at M. Island, and were induced to come alongside. We exchanged with them empty bottles and wax vesta boxes for fishing spears, lines and hooks, ingeniously cut out of tortoise shell; also the flippers and best portions of a turtle. We learnt from these natives the words - Boonga, turtle; Boonga nullo, turtle flippers; Eura, water. They also use the words Tungul, gin (i. e native woman), and Mill-mill, the eye, used by our Moreton Island blacks. On the lower Bur- dekin, distant about 45 miles to the W., the uni- versal word for water is Yarra-yarra, and it is worthy of remark that, while ignorant of the meaning of the terms Caalyi-caalyi and Yarra yarra used by neighbouring tribes, these people make use of the same words for 'a gin', and ' the eye' used by a tribe nearly 600 miles off, and which are not used by those occupying the inter mediate districts ; while the Burdekin blacks use a word for water used by the aborigines of Port Phillip to signify a river. When I visited Upstart Bay, in November, 1859, the hostile natives made use to my party of several words used in Moreton Bay - such as ' Yan away,' anglice, 'Go away,' - a word not even aboriginal, but a cor- ruption of English. Also, 'Boomerang,' a word made use of, I believe, by no tribe of the eastern coast of Australia in their aboriginal state. These latter words must have been picked up from white or black sailors cast away on the coast; but the question arises whether the former are not remnants of a once universal Australian language, portions of which are yet to be found with the same significance among widely separated tribes. " We passed about one mile from Cape Glou- cester, which is a perpendicular double bluff, ap- parently of basaltic formation, of which the crags of Stirling and the Salisbury Crags near Edin- burgh are remarkable examples. At 6 p.m. we were abreast of the almost perpendicular moun- tains of Gloucester Island, whose granitic cliffs and crenelated peaks rose above us right out of the sea to an elevation of 1,800 feet. The whole of the dark rugged face of Gloucester Island towards the sea was sparkling and glittering with hundreds of smouldering logs, the results of a bush-fire. " On the morning of the 11th September we stood across Edgecumbe Bay, to examine the port named Port Denison, discovered in September, 1859\. Imposing mountain ranges and high peaks occupy the whole background of the western seaboard of the bay, of which Cape Upstart forms the N.W. extremity, and amongst which Mounts Abbott and Roundback, and Mount Aberdeen, and Clarke's Range of my expedition of 1859, are prominent. At 10 a.m. the low grassy undulations and rocky heads of the island and mainland forming the eastern boundary of Port Denison lay before us, in the western corner of Edgecumbe Bay. "Port Denison is formed by a headland of grassy hills terminating in a barrier of rocks with abrupt pyramidal-shaped termination, run- ning out from the northern shore and enclosing the western corner of Edgecumbe Bay. From the S. side of the north-eastern entrance to the S.E. its boundary is formed by ' Stone Island,' by a long sandy spit and sundry coral reefs to the S. of it. It is sheltered to the S.S.E. and S. by coral reefs, through which there is a five fathom channel, by an island named Thomas Island and by the mainland, which also forms the whole western and northern boundaries. The port approaches the elliptical in form, is about three miles in length by two miles in breadth. The soundings over the whole of the available and most sheltered parts are nothing under 18ft at low water, spring tides, and in many places exceed 20ft. It is well sheltered from all winds. Port Denison is a very fine little harbour, and, among those of Eastern Australia, only second in beauty and capabilities to Port Jack- son. Low hills and swelling ridges, clothed with rich grass, and openly timbered with eucalypti, ash, ironbark, &c.;, descend to the shores of the harbour and neighbouring coasts, here and there bounded by a very narrow belt of mangroves; altogether the most beautiful coast country I have yet seen in Australia. " Being anxious to attain a view into the in- terior, and to determine the capabilities of two large valleys seen from the port as channels of communication between it and the valleys of the Lower Burdekin and Bowen Rivers, dis- covered by me last year, with the assist- ance of the whale-boat's crew afforded by Mr. Smith, I landed and ascended an iso- lated hill one mile from the western corner of the harbour, and which I named Mount Gordon. From it I obtained a fine view of the back country, and a bird's eye view of Port Denison and Edge- cumbe Bay. From the S. end of Edgecumbe Bay, a broad low flat country, apparently covered with mangroves towards the E. side, extends across from the head of the bay to the head of Repulse Bay. A channel was supposed here to connect these bays, but I saw none. This low country completely isolates Mount Dryander and the Port Molle Ranges from the high coast range of the main, which, commencing S. of Port Denison, runs parallel to the coast of Edgecumbe Bay across the low country, and the shores of Re- pulse Bay, until cut by the broad valley from the S.W.., through which, I believe, another river, leading from behind the Fort Cowper Ranges, must reach the sea. From behind Port Denison a broad fertile valley, richly wooded, runs to the S.S.W., between this coast range and the back of Clarke's Range on the Bowen River, of my late exploration. In the centre of this valley lies a lofty peak of white-coloured bare rock, its jagged perpendicular summit having the appear- ance of the crater of an extinct volcano. Its apparent elevation is about 2,500ft. I believe that a short and easy route may be obtained by this valley to the heads of the Suttor, Isaacs, &c.;, and that Port Denison will become the port of these districts, the most distant of which is not more than 130 miles from it. (To be continued.) 