LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ... Tuesday! May 8. The . following gives further information on our. telegrain. ' Mr Nicholson said, in reply to Mr Amsinck, that a commission had been appointed to in quire into the desirability of establishing a River and Harbour Trust. Mr Nicholson replied to Mr Mollison'a ques tion with respect to the Crown Lands Com missioners, and the Paymaster of Police, whose offlceB expire at the end of June, pursuant to a vote of the house, that the first vacancies that occurred for . which these gentlemen were suit able, would be offered to them-. Mr Nicholson said, in reply to Mr Lalor's questioo, as. to what Bteps the Government intended to take to define and establish a route to the Snowy River gold-fields, that the Government had the matter under their con sideration, and that the surveyors had been ordered to survey a road as far as the Victorian boundary. . The bouse then went into Committtee of Supply, on ..expenditure, proposed in echeditle A as transmitted by message from the Go vernor. The items having been passed, the resolutions- -of the committee were reported, and the adoption of the report was fixed for next day. Mr 'Bailey, pursuant to notice, moved that on Friday next, the house do resolve itself into a committee of the whole for the purpose of considering certain resolutions in reference' to telegraphic cpmriiunication with India arid Europe. The ' hori. member entered at length into the details of .the question, en umerating the advantages to be derived from direct communication with the mother-country, and showing how easy of '.accpmplishtrierit was this work. ' ' ; "Mr. Service secerided the. motion, which was carried nam. con. Mr Service introduced his resolutions upon the subject of a marine survey of the coast of Victoria at the joint expense of the colony and the imperilal government ;' and to be conducted under the control' of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty. Mr Amsinck seconded the adoption of the resolutions, which were at once agreed to. The Real Property Bill was read a second time and committed. Nearly all the clauses up to the, 23rd, were considered and passed. The resolutions of the Select Committee re lative to ' the opening up of M'Crae-street, Sandhurst, were moved by Dr. Macadam. After a smart discussion, . ' The house negatived the resolutions' without a division. Coming Events. — We understand that Mr Bruce is about to commence an actiori for libel against the proprietors of the Moiirit Alexander Mail An consequence of certain' charges pub lished in that journal against the contractors' of the Melbourne and Sandhurst railway in con nection with the Barker's Creek culverts. We only wonder Mr Bruce has selected this journal and riot extended his notice to every newspaper in the colony, since they have all been so remarkably unanimous in : their comments on this affair. No, we mistake ; there is one notable contemporary of the Passage.) Is the ' tiddiywinkirig ' dodge with the jury to be tried on again ? — Age. The Snowy River.— We have received the following extract of a letter from Messrs Main and Baldock to Acraman, Main.-Lindsay,. and Co., dated Wahgunyah, 23rd April,- 1860 : — ' We observe that you are advertising the Sturt for the Upper Murray, with passengers for the Snowy River. We can, if you like, arrange to carry them right through, landing Wah ungyah, from which place we will engage to forward them by four horse coaches to the dig gings. If they are landed at Albury they will either have to walk to the diggings or to return as far as Chiltern, as there are no means of conveyance from Albury. The Snowy River diggings present every prospect of being a very prosperous gold field during the ensuing summer, but we should strongly advise all in tending diggers to remain where they are until the spring is well advanced, as when we left the diggings there was six inches of snow, and all communication will probably be cut off in another, month. Some people have expressed their intention, of wintering there ; but we foresee some dreadful disaster if they carry out their intention. It is quite possible, by build ing a good hut, with plenty of provisions, to pass the winter, so far as the weather is con cerned, but all those who remain will also re quire to be well provided with ammunition, as there are sure to be a great many people who will endeavor to stop without the precaution above referred to, trusting that they will be able to get in or out of the diggings whenever they require it, and who will find themselves blocked in all at once without provisions, &c.;, and will necessarily take by force what the more provident man has collected for himself. This, in our opinion, is more to be feared than the weather, by those who remain at Kiandra during the winter. The road to the diggings is abominable, and in fact, it is only by going a long way round that you can get there at all with, goods. Notwithstanding this, we anticipate that Kiandra and its neigh borhood will be one of the largest diggings yet discovered, and it is sure. to take an immense population from Victoria in the spring, when you can with safety recommend the route by the Murray and Wahgunyah, as the speediest and best, for all who intend to go by coach ; for those who walk it will be 30 miles nearer to land them at Albury. Anticipating this pleasure again in a day — We remain, yours very truly, Main and Baldock. — S. A. Ad vertiser. " Gold in Mundio Quartz.— At a late meeting of the Sydney Philosophical Society , a paper was read upon the separation ; of gold from Mundic Quartz. It had been found that by the existing process an: enorinous quantity of gold is lost — reefs which would average 10 ounces to the ton, .improperly treated, having been abandoned as.' nun-paying. Professor Smith' said that he had found the waste to be contained ohieily iri the form -of a crust that collected; at the water level of the washing, ihachine. This crust, when dried, had the ap pearance of a dark' powder, and which, ;on ex-' atnination, he Tound; to; contain 16-4 per cent :of gold,1 and'abuut 50 per. cent- of mercury, '.and of the other-component parts, only one (quartz) : was less than tho specific gravity of the whole, oairiely, 4; 3, J. tWhen he- const jered the specific iofgohl, aitd of mercury ,; he could only account for the tightness of he mixture by supposing that it 'contained a considerable - quantity of air. For:so light'was itithat it had evidently. floated on the water, and'in thut- way had been washed away. Mr Watt ; mentioned that some, years : ago he met with-in an -insfani-e of ti-ie parti cles1 of: gold mixed i with' oxide, of; iron,: that would not: s.iok if placed on tlm surface, ot wa ter, but he found that if under Water, and: not attached, ' it- rematued ' of course. . A remedy for : that, ' he thought, : - would be iuBtead , of stampers for crushing which would carry down the air, to crush the quartz under water by a screw, somewhat on the Archimedean 'prinoiple Captain Ward, to show the blundering mode which quartz was sometimes extracted, related an instance that occurred in the Western Dis trict. A crushing machine had been constructed for the purpose of extracting gold, with the aid of mercury, at least so said the man who had the machine. He indnced some others to join him who quite believed in him, and, by way o'f assuring them, he handed over a small quantity of tailings, asserting that it contained no gold at all. He (Captain Ward) was afraid the others would not examine it, and he undertook to do so, and he foupd that it contained 1000 ounces to the ton, so that by every ton of this, besides the perquisites of the man who had the machine, he made £4000. Probably to the- diggers that would not be satisfactory. In addition to the gold he found, the residue con tained other valuable metals, including Btlver, and that he imagined went on in various parts of the colony: Therefore, if private enterprise would not pnt a stop to tbat state of thiDgs. he thought the Government was bound to render assistance. Professor Smith thought it was quite clear that private enterprise could not keep up the required establishment, l ecause their assistance would only be wanted on un usual occasions. Mr Watt said the mint had almost in effect stopped assaying out of doors. It was not so. Professor Smith : But at home the Government did not buy gold. The Co lonial Mint got 92 per cent of the gold produ ced in this colony. Ab they assayed gold be fore buying it, it was hardly necessary for the seller to have it assayed twice. He did not think that : private enterprise would ever take up the question. At the same time, the Go- verninent could have no particular desire to take it up, because they would make but little profit from it. Mr Lielias thought that not sufficient attention was paid -to burning quartz before crushing it. Mr Watt said that many diggers would rather have but half the quan tity of gold than go to all the trouble of having it properly extracted. If they wished to burn it, they could only do so by making bushfireB. In most cases, furnaces could not be had, and the trouble and delay of having gold properly extracted was such, that quartz miners gene rally preferred the means at hand. Diptheria. — The following short essay, by Dr. James P. Macdonald. of Bristol, appeared in a late number of Reynold's ifiscellang : — The alarm consequent upon the recent preva lence of diptheria has become so universal, that the least Boreness of the throat is now re- garded in a very serious light. Medical prac titioners are constantly being consulted about cases which otherwise would never have been noticed.1 This has led in some instances to doubts in the mindB of many physicians and surgeons as to the real existence among us of the disease in question. As it has been my lot, during more than eighteen months, to have bad charge of many serious and fearful cases of diptheria, and as a natural consequence to have been frequently consulted as to the affec tions of the throat, I venture to place before the profession some remarks on the subject. I consider diphtheria to be a disease produced by a specific poison taken into the system, act- in" through -the blood, and seen at the throat. The following are the usual form and course of the disease in' its severest forms The patient is suddenly (and generally in the morning) seized with violent vomiting of a thin, yellowish white matter, of a very offensive character; than purging of a fluid of similar appearance. These dejections last an hour or so, and are followed by great prostration and stupor. The patient lies for a period varying from six to sixteen hours in a heavy sleep, from which he h "with, difficulty aroused, and then only to sleep again. The skin is hot, pulse, 100 ; the tongue is of a bright red ; .drink is taken with avidity; if offered, but only to be immediately returned. And now the important question is pat, "Is the throat sore?" The answer is always the same — " Not in . tbe_ least." This answer to a physician inexperienced in the Horrible malady, may be fatal to the patient. The impression is that this is not' a caBe rif diphtheria. On the other hand, the experi enced man expects this reply ; he forthwith carefully examiues the throat arid sees the dis ease. Hanging from the vellum to the tongue is a transpafent film of'a teriaciouB fluid, which is burst by expiration, sending its particles over the mouth arid the instrument used to depress the tongue. The next moment a eimilar cur tain is formed.. After a period varying from six to sixteen hours, the condition of the pa tient materially changes. The stupor, has passed off, and delirium, often of a violent character, takes its place: these are the usual symptoriis.of cerebral excitement, .aud the fever runs high ; breathing is quickened ; the voice is changed to a dry yet shrill tone; there . is a .short dry cough (iu children, evidences of coming croup) ; the neck is puffy and blushed ; the tongue is coated with a white fur, and 'all those parts hitherto so brilliantly red are thickly spotted with a whitish substance, which, in a. wonderfully short period, conglomerates, and forms oue thick plastic deposit, which in time may cover the whole palate to the teeth, so that the appearance,. on opening the mouth, is as though it were lined with plaeter of Park; The violent delirium then subsides ; the powers of life fail rapidly ; the horrible sensations of choking and suffocation come on; the sufferer tears at bis neck with his nails, and tries to tear open his mouth, yet full power of swallow ing continues, and lie greedily gulphs anything given him in the Bhape of. drink: muttering delirium comes on, and in a long tetanic con vulsion, death closes the scene. This is a truthful picture, drawn from reajities, of how a previously strong and flealthy man may, in six days or less, cease to be. Diphtheria is no respecter of person, age, or condition, rank, or temperament. Should it become more seriously epidemic than it has been, no doubt it will mow down many of those unhappy people, whose hard necessities oblige them to live in .the over crowded and ill ventilated courts _and alleys of our large citieB. In such cases it will clearly be the mission of our profession, as in visita- tious of cholera, to go to the disease, and not let it come to us. A" few mornings ago while the 1st battalion Scots Fusilier Guards were returning .to their barracks, accompanied as usual by theite celebra ted dog " liob," he was unfortunately run- over by a cart and killed. " Bob," sailed in the Si moon with the. regiment to .Malta in 1854, and olt the declaration of war, proceeded to Scutari. Me was present with the regiment to which ha was attached at the landing in the Crimea, and at the battle of the Alma, where he was returned amongst the list of " Missing." After the flank march, however, to Balaklava he again joined, "alter an ub-ence of three days. He was -present at the Light Cavalry charge at Bilaklava, at In ker mami, and served iu the trendies, and at length iwris at the final cipture of Sebastopol. "Bob," returned with his regimeut at the close of the war, rind marched into Loudon1, at tne head of Ilia corps. . " Bob" had been awarded a medal for his services, which fie wore round his'ri'etij!: .as a me mento ami decoration. . . ; 