News and Notes. The election for West Bourke has resulted so far in the return of Mr J. Carr Riddell, the numbers being- Riddell, 514; Baird, 323; O'Brien, 249; and Walsh, 29. There are still some polling places, however, from which the returns have not been received, but the result is not likely to be altered. [Our Melbourne cor- respondent sends us a telegram stating that the returns from nearly all the districts had come in, leaving Mr Riddell a long way ahead.] The list of prisoners for trial to-day closes the calender as it stands at pre- sent, but it is not at all probable that the criminal business will be disposed of to-day. The case of the Crown against Jenkins for perjury will be one of considerable interest, and a formid- able array of counsel is said to be re- tained on both sides. Mr Michie has been retained for the defendants in the case Kinnear v Dalgety & Co., and is now in Ballarat. Mr Wright is also here, being retained for the defence in the case Queen v Jenkins. The Melbourne Road, from near the Warrenheip Brewery, is now under- going the process of metalling as far as the Caledonian Bridge, a deside- ratum which was much required. Yesterday morning, at the early hour of three o'clock, an individual rejoicing in the euphonious name of Seridar, was met on the Main road by a police constable, driving three geese. His account as to how he became possessed of the birds was extremely funny, but at the same time incredible, for he informed the officer that he got them half an hour previously from a man on the road, who told him they were fond of perambulating at night, and would go as quiet as lambs, if "driven by moonlight alone." The man was taken to the look -up, and on being brought before the Bench yestere- day was remanded. The members of the Cricket Club will hold a meeting this evening at the North Grant Hotel, for the purpose of making the neoessary arrangements, and choosing the eleven who are to play the return match with the Gordon Club on Friday next. We again iterate the cry "Beware of the municipal mantraps and sinking morasses of the Main road." About one o'clock yesterday, a large waggon laden with corn got imbedded in the quagmire opposite to Messrs Robinson & Wayne's shop, where it remained securely imbedded for a considerable time, and was not removed until the loading was taken off the cart and a lever applied to the sunken wheel. Perhaps the municipal authorities of Ballarat East would be kind enough to place a notice on the street, with directions for carters and others to keep clear of the dangers which beset them. Last evening four bushfires were observable from Ballarat, one was burning fiercely near Warrenheip; a second in the vicinity of Little Bendigo; and a third behind Clayton's Hill; and a fourth in the direction of Lake Burrumbeet. The proceedings at the Eastern Municipal Council yesterday resulted in the resignation of Mr Belford, as Chairman and Councillor, and in the election of Cr Scott to the former office. By a reference to our report it will be seen that the changes were not effected without some manoeuvering, which adds little to the credit of the successful parties in the affair. A meeting of members and other friends of the Baptist denomination took place on Tuesday evening, at the newly erected chapel in Dawson street. About 200 persons sat down to a capi- tal tea, after which C. Jenner, Esq., took the chair, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. Messrs Potter (Mount Clear), Niquet, Walker, Strongman, and Bickford, &c.; The collection, in- cluding a number of subscriptions, amounted to £54 12s; this, with the amount formerly collected, will reach to half the amount expended in land and building, which is £700. The choir sang several pieces of sacred music at intervals, and the whole passed off very happily. Mr New, who was announced, to be there, was absent, having been unexpectedly called on to leave town in the morning. The Episcopalians of Sandhurst seem desirous of securing the services of the Rev. Mr Russell, of Buninyong, but the Bishop has objected, and wishes to induct the Rev. Mr Croxton to the living. About a quarter past four o'clock yesterday evening as James O'Connor, a servant of Mr Thomas Lloyd, of Cardigan, was quietly riding a horse down the Main road; the animal shied when passing a dray near the North Grant Hotel and ran against the shaft, which entered the side of the poor beast, and from the injuries received it died shortly afterwards. Oor correspondent at Brown's writes to us that Mr Michie had visited that district. When he wrote the ex- Attorney General was inspecting the works of the Great Britain claim, and from his own experience he had learned the rather uncomfortable condition of the roads of the district. We are informed that steps are about being taken to get up a public meeting of the ratepayers of Ballarat East for the purpose of abolishing the office of paid chairman to the munici- pality. The Mining Institute lecture on the "Prevention of Mining Accidents," by Mr H. R. Nicholls, has been postponed till next Tuesday. We understand that the President of the Institute has applied on behalf of the Institute for £300 out of the grant in aid to mining societies. The drawing for Mr Bridges' last tapestry lottery took place on Tuesday evening at the Bakery Hill hotel. Mr Bridges informed the meeting that he had not sold enough tickets to cover expenses, but he would do either of two things, namely, keep the unsold tickets, and have the drawing as an- nounced, or draw 400 numbers only, and give the whole of the pictures as the prize. It was resolved to divide the tapestries into two parts, and draw the sold numbers, which being done, the winning numbers were, first prize, ("Needlewoman's Dream") No. 263; and second prize, ("Tired Chums" and "True Friendship") No. 386. Neither of the winners were present. The following telegrams are from the Argus:- Sydney, Friday. There has been the most terrible storm to- day ever known in the colony. Pitt-street was flooded, and several houses in the sub- urbs washed down. The Star Hotel, Mac- quarie place, and Lenehan's, Castlereagh street, were struck by lightning. Over £200 worth of property was destroyed in the latter house. Some small houses near Tank Stream were also washed down. The weather has now cleared. All business was stayed for the time. Several other accidents yesterday by rain and lightning are reported, but none as be- ing fatal. Adelaide, Monday. The floor market is flat. Floor is quoted to-day at ,£16 10s; wheat, 6s 6d, no buyers. Certain Kinlock, Clerk to the Executive Council here, has been committed for trial on a charge of indecent assault on a girl 11 years old. Mnch speculation is caused here owing to advices received from England, questioning the legality of the working of Torrens' Pro- perty Act. We learn from the Argus that the "Don Testimonial" was presented on Monday evening, at a supper given to the democratic representative of Colling- wood. at the Royal George Hotel, Hoddle street, Collingwood. The meal was served up in a tent erected for the occasion at the back of the hotel, and between 200 and 300 persons were present. Mr T. Eves presided, and several M.L.A.'s,, near neighbors of Mr Don in the House, were present on the occasion. A brass band, composed of masons who had availed themselves of the eight-hour system to study music, performed pieces appropriate to the various toasts, but with far more zeal than efficiency. The testimonial con- sisted of a purse of upwards of 200 sovereigns, and its presentation was acknowledged by Mr Don in a speech of over an hour and a-half's duration, Several other toasts prolonged the proceedings till a somewhat late hour. 