JERKY'S PLAINS. THE CooKrianTKii'8 Unmut: AOAIN.-ANOTIIBII ACCI- DENT,-AS Win. Durham, Esq., with his lady and family, was proceeding down tho country, tho horse Mr. Durnum was ilrlvlng bcoamo rcstlvo. Mrs. Durlinm lniinedlatoly Jumped out of the vehicle, und sprained her nuolo, Fortunately tho children wcro got out without any further accidents. Some- thing must bo dono to this bridge, mid that Immediately. Traveller« must pass over it. I am afraid an ncoldcnt of a very serious nature will ocour before tho ovil is remedied. Wo havo had a very heavy thunderstorm t an Iminenso quantity of rain tell. This rain will enable tho farmers to plough moir land for maize. Wo havo hud a llrst-rntu orop of wheat, potatoes, and onions -In fact, a much greater crop thou has been grown hero tho hist twenty yonru. . The farmers aro sadly lu want of n thrashing machino. Tho owners of ono, If tlioy 0*1110 to this neighbourhood, would do weil. . Jerry'« Plains, loth Jan., 1801._ Anothor caso of highway robbery, near tho Lambing Flat Diggings, has aroused the diggers there. A fruiterer named Onlrldgo was on his way baok to Vasa lrom there, after having sold his fruit, when about midnight on tho 11th, as ho was ly- ing nsluop under his cart, two meii well armed, and with veiled luces, dragged him out, and robbod him ol uH his money and his food, at the saino timo burning his tilt, and threatening to burn bim. Tho diggers on hearing of tile robbery turnod out In 11 body, und «enrolled and examined every suspected person, and immy tvutff, but without BUWOSB. , " j .Tlie Producá Stakos offered by the Albury Jookey O iib bid fair to be exciting raoes. The breeders ' of .blood atonic have oome out with a spirit oas^ing,, all other country districts into the shade. Hie entries for the Sires' Produce Stake, to he run for at the annual meeting nt Albury, 1803-1, nu ubor 50; tho entrance tor the Mares 1'roilucB btakni, to bj run for in I8i>2, number 7 j those for tho Mares' ¡>ro Jnoe Stakos of 1863 number l8 ; those for the MareB' 1'ioduoo Stakes ol 1804 number 24 ; nnd'tho3e for-' tho Mares' Produce Stakes ol' 1865 number 25. AOOIDHS'T TO r'r 'j'njritt.R» M'Ait,-A mishap of an alarming 'titure a n » ted k fhe up-ooaoli from Qoulbiirn during itnt npurit onptpe at Picton," for the purpose oföhangin i i - , l'lmiidny last. It would appear that wail i i a, being'yoked up, tho shaft horses ntt i >^i i -, id overturned the coach,« hielt waa at tin > i .. "?loy ome women and childi on. Thopositl l th ei wai for some tims oritioal in the extrer. , wh u 'ei -,he coach, the horses con- tinued to 'ti} tloublless excited by tho soroaniB ol r iii !'>o noise of the crowd that was imme IM W ii to flie spot. Providentially,' however, a i wi -IM .. ne ' o/entually from their'peril OU3 position , .m1 f I n IJ'I ie girl was so seriously brnised as to be unable to'continue her journey, the atlair ended less disastrously than at'first appeared likely. Empire, Jan. 21. Tau LATE MVSTKRIOUS DBATII AT MIOALAOO.-The Chief Constable lins this week visited Micalago willi a view to tho discovery of the manner in whioh the in- jury was inflicted on the poor feljow whose death we recorded a fortnightngo, under oiroumstances whioh, to say the least of fhem, were involved in mystery. Nothing, li o wovor, his boen eliaited which would tend to throw tho smallest ray of light on tho subject. There-appears to bo not the least" suspicion of foul play in the case. The probability ii that, while in a state of intoxication, ha received' the injury whioh re 'sulted,,ii|>doath ; but the timo and manner of its in- fliction 'ijiittt remain fbr over a secret.- Queanbeyan-, Golden Age. The Empire quotes part of a letter recently received by Dr. Lang's family from Miss Ironside. It will be re- membered that Miss Ironside, a native of New South Wales, is now residing at Rome, prosecuting her studies as a student of painting; and that Dr. Lang last session proposed in the Legislative Assembly that a sum should be voted to enable her to continue those studies Miss Ironside writes that she happily does not need the assist- ance, even had it been granted, and that already her pro- ductions are beginning to secure patronage as paintings she will not return to Australia till her fame is fully established in the old worId-a result that she anticipates before any very great time has elapsed. REPORTED CAITDRE OF GULLIVER TUB MURDERER. The Koqkhampton correspondent of the Guard ian writes that thequondam black trooper, Gullivor, iho ring- leader of 'lio murdeiers of ii anny Briggs,' who made his escape from justice somo time ago, had at last been captured,and on attempting to escape a second time, had ' bäon shqí by the native troopers, under Lieu ten mt Powell. «The means employed to capture bim, show the ¡dei that was entertained of the fellow's strength and determination. A black boy, while looking for horses, fell in with him near a place where some drays wore on camped on the Hannes station. Gnlliver approached the drays in the hope of being employed as a bullock drivor, and the black boy having obtained n-bottlo of gin took it to hin. It was not until he had drunk a bottlo and a half of Hie liquor that he waa so muoh overcome as to enable the bullock drivers to secure him. Having done this, he was forwarded to Oalinngnl station, and after- wards taken in charge by the native police, hy whom it appear»] he was subsequently shot on attempting to make his escape as already stited. . < Suoh is the account, but it is strange that Gulliver should think of engaging as a bullock driver, knotting, as -ho did, that the police were in hot pursuit of lum. The correspond.nt adds that.it was curren'.ly reportod Gulliver's head had beon brought to the police barracks near Rockhampton, very muoh tú the satisfaction of the inhabitants of tho dis- trict.-Herala's Brisbane Correspondent. BALL AT THE GARDENS.-On Friday evening, tho 18th jnstant, a ball on a very handsome scale was given by the Sergeants of the First Battalion 12th Regiment to Colour-sergeant Joseph Gibson, Mrs. Gibson, and fa- mily, prior to their departure for England. At supper, which was of the most elegant description, a magnificent silver goblet was presented to their guest, bearing the following inscription :-" Presented by the Sergeant Major and Sergeants of the first Battalion 12th Regi- ment to Colour-sergeant Joseph Gibson, as a mark of respect on leaving the Regiment. Sydney, January, l8 th" Several most complimentary addresses were de- livered expressive of the general appreciation of this non-commissioned officer's services, and regretting through ill health his retirement from the service. Mrs. Gibson who is universally respected by the regiment for many reasons was most heartily toasted. Dancing being resumed, was kept up in a most spirited style until six a.m., when "Auld Lang Syne'' - closed the night's amuse- ment; the guest and family -being the last to leave. Amongst the many mementos presented to this non-com- missioned officer and his family by members of the re- giment, a valuable watch and albert chain was one from the captain of his company. It must be gratifying to Colour-sergeant Gibson, his wife, and family, to know that they retire from the regiment with the good wishes for their welfare and happiness of all classes with whom they are acquainted.-S. M. Herald, Jan. 21. (JPBNINO OF TUE WESLEVAN CONFERENCE. - The sevonth annual oonforenco of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church bogan its sittings in the customary Ohnrob, York-street, on tho 17th instant. The pro:eed ings wore opened by tho President^ the Rev, J. Eggle ston, who gavo out the 478th hymn, afttr which the Seoretary, the Rev. D J. Draper, read the 54th chapter of Isaiah, and prayer was ottered by the Rev. J. A. Manton, and J. Watkin. The President then briefly ad- dressed the oonlerence, stating tha', the sittings were held in Sydney instead of Adolaido, in ordor that the Rev. Dr. Jobson, who had como as a deputation from tho Britisli Conference, might have the opportunity of con- ferring with as largo a number as possible of the senior ministers. He informed t'.o oonlerence that their re- commendation of last year had been agreed lo by the home conference, and read the English minutes appoint- ing the Rev. S. Rabone Prosidont of Couferoncefor 1861. The ohair was then taken by the new President, after which tho Seoretary oiled out the roll, and it was found that neirly fifty moruben were présent. Tho Conference, being dnly constituted, proceeded to the oieoiion of the Seoretary, the ohoi<*e falling upon the Rev. T. JJuddle Tho ex-President read tho minuto of the British Confe- rence appointing tho Rev. Dr. Jobson its representative. Tho Rev. Dr. Jobson was then introduced, an I after afow remarks presented to the President tho ad íress from tho British Oonferenoe, of whioh bo was the ollicial bearer. Tho address having been read, he liimsolf spoke nt some length, after whioh ihe meeting separated.-Abridged from the Umpire, Jan 21. ' On the evening of tho 16th tho members of tho Churoli and congregation meeting dn the Baptist Chapel, It i thtirat-slreet, Sydney, met in o mmemoration ol the com- pletion of tho seventh your of the Rev. J Voller'» labours amongst them. It appears that during the past year the system of pew- renti and collections tor the support of worship havo boen dono away with for the purely volun- tary systqm of support-and with suoh SUOOB<S tliat cur- rent expenses havo boon met, arrears have been paid, and a balanoe was in hand. About BÍxty pounds wore at once subscribed for internal repairs and alterations to the building. Tho mooting was addressed by the Rev. li. HondorBOn, lato ot Geelong, who was on his way to Hinton. The Herald's correspondent reports the discovery of a new lode of copper, about fifty miles from Gladstone, very rich, and expected to yield sixty or seventy per cent. John Hurley, a shepherd at Campbell's Creek, Queens land, poisoned himself a short time ago with strychnine. The explorations of Captain Mechosk and his party, in search of gold in the Burnett and Wide Bay country, are said to have been as yet unsuccessful. 'Iho restoration of tho Liverpool dam, whioh was carried away ,by tho lato Doo Is while in course of con- struction,.hut boen oommonoed., Tho Government have agreed to relieve tho contractor'of a portion of the loss he would have sustainod. Some progress lies bean made in the southern oxtenslon of railway during the past mouth ; so that out of the IO miloB between Campbelltown to Picton, about 11 miles of formation iiro noarly rondy for the rails. Tho Menangle viaduct-(he most floriona work on the line-has not, howover, been commoncod. , At Braidwood tho late stormy woathor has been felt very severely. > lloavy thundontorms with pouring rain foil in that vicinity on U'odnoiday, Thursday, and Fri- day last week, causing freshes in many of theoreeks, und ere iting fe irs for the safely ol' the harvest, but just com monoed in tho neighbourhood of Braidwood. lluiuiANüoNO (LAMMING I'i,AT) DiaaiNos.-An escort from Lambing Flat will arrive in town to-morrow with upwards of DOO ounces of gold-dust, purchased by tile Oriental Dank. The nowa from tlieso digging« continues highly lavourablo i und If a fall of rain woro to occur, u very largo amount ol'gold might be expected from Stony Crook, whoru there is at present no water lor .gold- washing purpn !x. On tho other parta of the diggings, however, thoro does í A appear to be a sourolty. The weather thuro is described as bflng very warm.- Yass Courier, Jan. lu. j Tun Two SrKAur.ns.-Tho Sydney correspondent or llio (Jouiiitni Herald «nys :-" I ought to mention that Mr. Murray lum never yet adopted n little plcco of absurdity that Sir Daniel Cooper waa guilty of. Tho present Speaker comes to meet the Uovernor with lus head unadorned, und in the plain black silk gown oustomnrily worn in the IIOUBO. Sir Daniel always, on «tillo occasions, woro a robo londod with gold Inoc, Uko tlint ol the Speukei' ot tho liouao of Commons, and a wig with lappets almost down to his willst, Uko tho Lord Chnuocllur." At Orango the numeralla dogs aro desoilbcd as being a great nuisance, and tho carno vi sonio danger to persons riding through Clio stroot«. The llatliurst Five I Wai'« corresiioudoiii suggests, as a euro, that candidates for futuro municipal honors ahull be pledged to Introduce a dog-tax, und to seo It enforced. At Hartley the crops ot wheat were looking well, and there lsovery prospect of a good yield, free from rust or »mut. Tho harvest was expected to commence this week only. OAHia OP SuNSTiinia - I ho Cowra correspondent of tho llatliurst ¿Yeo Press writes II« lollows :-" Biuco 1 lust wrote, wo have had a succession ol' some very hot days, attended in otto histuncu with the death, li oin sun-stroke, of n person, a French- man, lately living lienrllio ltuirowu Itlvor. The unfortunate man bud been assisting lil« employer in tho harvest field, mid not having been long lu tho colony, the excessive lient proved fatal i ho folt at first slightly sick, and, (iradunlly getting worfle, expired in great nain ; tidal« tho socoim oaao ol tho sort that has occurred lu this neighbourhood llilascuson.' Tho other case was that ol'it boy, belonging to a «liepherd of Mrs. Sloan's i the lltllo fellow was Shepherding with, und otherwise assisting, Ids father i ho took ill, waa taken homo, put in u warm bath, and thon placed in ned i whon the luther went some little timo after to look at hliu, he wits dead." * . i DEATH BY IídiíNiNd.-t-The ödißo«rl»Ti Chrome reports ratner. a remarkable coso of.ratal injury by burns. On Satur- day; tbe-mii, Mr. Charles Clerk,-of 'ArtliUrsllilgli-, was i-chpins? in a paddook near the hut occupied by at) olji and intirm man, [ in lils employment, named John- Hnnstcy, who had lo i onr leg, Mr. Clerk called lo Hnnstcy to got ready a.pot of ten fi'i himself mid a man reaping willi ulm, saying they would be i p in ten minutes for it. On going to thc.hut ut the end ol tlut period, they found the old mail lying au tho ground, his ulm! and vest having bcon burnt off his body, while, his ncokoloth and the shirt round lils neck were still smouldering. They ex- tinguished tho fire, but tho old mun wns then insensible, and died about the middle of tho night after. > Ho said lils clothes had caught Uro. The Gundaroo correspondent of the Kiss Courier says :-On Saturday last, i?th January, bush'fires wcro vory plentiful, look in what dircotlon you might, you could seo smoke aris- ing! indeed, thero were two or threo very largo conflagrations, but I hear of no dairingo having boon caused by any of thom. About Yos3 tho harvest was progressing very favorably, tho weather fine, and laborers abundant. The yield lu several cases was expectbd to be about 25 bushels to the nore. 