TREE-PLANTING. (FROM TllE YOEMAN AND AUSTRALIAN ACCLI MATISER, OCT. 5.) Little or nothing has yet been dono in Victoria, or m Australia generally, in planting treeB to thelter and benutify our open plains, or to pro- vide a supply of useful timber for economic pur- poses. Many of the plain., throughout the tract cf country extending from the meridian of Mel ïcurne to the South Australian boundary, as well PS those of the Murray, Loddon, and Wimmeia, lut especially the former, from tho colder cha- racter of the climate, are much too txpoied to admit of stock thriving properly m either the cold days and nights of winter, or during the hot weather of summer. Tho high open downs that trevail from Kyneton on the east to Mount ¡sturgeon on the west are of all othors the most exposed, and lying at an elevation of about 2,000 feet above the lovel of the sea, the climate is much colder than either the open plains of the Murray or of the coast distrust. So long as land is merely held for pastoral pur Tcses, under an uncertain tenure from tho Crown, of course it is impossible that such im T rovemonts can be undertaken, but those who have purchased land on plains of the character it fer red to should lose no time in thus nnpioving iheir property In order to induce landowners to undertake such improvements, we shall endeav our to point out the advantages that would be seemed, and [ »ft er wards attempt to indicate what description ef trees should be planted Belts of timber planted on exposed plains will render the land more productive, whether it may be lying m pasture or under cultivated crops, by the shelter they afford to stock, their tendency to keep in condition will bo increased , judiciously planted, they would add considerably to the beauty of the landscape and to the value of landed property, and if trees of a useful description wero selected, the timber might hereafterb come cf much value, not merely to individual i, but to the colony, for economic purposes Iluso propo- sitions will appear to practical men so self evi- dent, that it is considered haidly neressaiy to do more than stato them. We would, howevor, raako one or two remarks on tho subject of affording proper shelter to stock of all kinds, lut in particular to well bred cattle There cannot bo a doubt that cattle oncloscd m paddocks surrounded by post and rail fences, and with hardly a tree to sheltoi thom from the storm, will be much more liable to diseases such as pleuro pneumonia than in more favourable circumstances If wo observe m what manner tho natural instincts of the ani malB guide them under all circumstances on cattle stations in the interior, wo shall be able to form a be ter idea of their habits and require- ments than by any theoretical speculations. Supposing we visit one of tho largo cnttle stations in the interior,-the îun, consisting of cpen glassy and saltbush plains, stretches out before tis till the natural ourv e of the earth's surface forms the horizon. On the same run, however, aro belts of oak trees growing on sandy coil, whilst underneath stand dense bushes of hop scrub Elsewhcie, perhaps, along some river flat or bordering some rangy countr), extend fino íhelleied openly timbered bo*c forests. If the weather is line, and no atmospherical or electrical irfluenco has acted upon the cunning instincts of the animals, the whole plain will bo ahvo with them, but is thero rain falling, driven by fierce winds, no cattle are to bo seen on ' the exposed plains, they have gone into the h ox foiests, or are feeding in the shelter of the belts of oak. Where, again, do cattle, either wild or tame, he down to ruminate? Always on dry ground in winter, and where do tamo herdsmr-lte their summei camps' Beneath shady trees, where somo angle of the forest jut- ting out into tho open country affords tho luxury of cool biec/es. We havo made allusion to atmospheric or electrical influences warning cattle of approaching storms, nnd wo may men- tion the following cireumstanco as illustrative of this -Son e )ears ago, as carno under our own observation, a quiet herd of cattlo disappeaiod from that part of a run whero they had boen continually accustomed to feed, search was made for them without success during a whole day, towards evening, however, a well beaten track WOB found, leading away for miles i to a densely timbered, rangy, and scrubby countiy, whore there was little ornothing for them to feed upon. They were found roaming about m tho scrub and taken back to the station Their extraordinary conduct seemed unaccountable, but it was soon explained during the night the weather bo came exceedingly stormy, and by next morning every object wns covcreu with snow to n depth larely seen in the moto level narts of Victoria, and such as wo have expe- rienced only onco since. It will thus bo under flood that cattlo and stock of all kinds na- turally seek shelter, and wo may be sure that the teachings of instinct aro conducive to their welfaro. In the colder climates of northern Europa, when open exposed tracts of country aro ro claimed, by far the most important oporation, after thoroughly draining tho land, lo ho under- taken, is to providotherequisitoshelter ; andmany instances could bo adduced to prove that chiefly 1 y these two improvements the most wild and iseless regions have been converted into valuablo j I operties, possessing more than ordinary beauty. Cur climate, of course, is not to bo compared to thatof northern Europe, yet the great and some- times sudden changes that tako placa in this colony, from its peculiar geographical position, render some shelter not only desirable but ne- cessary. Wo now como to consider what description of trees should bo planted for this purpose. For n any years various species of acacia bavo beon vscd for tho purposo of sheltering homesteads end small enclosures. Theso grow up quickly, lut thoy perish in a few years, and besides i fibrding but a vory imperfect shelter, thoy aro l.ot worthy of cultivation for any useful purposo, leing hardly fit oven for firewood. In a report di awn up by a committco of tho Royal Society of Victoria, on tho resources of the colony, somo valuable hints on the planting of forest trees, and on many other subjects, have boon given, and v>a cannot do botter than quoto some of tbo remarks contained therein :-" Tho cultivation of forest treeB has been nowhere yet commenced. But ii Is evident that tho present indiscriminate) de- duction of many of our forestß, and tho future increasing want of timber, will render this im poi tant branch of industry remunerative, if not necessary ; and it would bo a wiso foresight to raise in time forests of such trees as ;.re most utcful for the mechanic, and as have been found by experiment to succeed in tho colony. By thcEO means, in many dry districts tho elimata vi ould also bo ameliorated. As the Scotch fir produces best only in the colder regions, it might to recommended for timber- plantations in our high lands, where it would, when grown on an ( xtensive scalo, bo less than elsewhere endangerect | by bush-fires. Small fir-plantations on pnva'.o c rounds havo been made already in South Aus- tralia. Since Victoria possesses extensive tracts of moist country, it seems well worthy of considé- ration whether the invaluable red cedar of Now South Wales, which is known to be hardy in our latitudes, might not be established, und after- wards naturally disseminated in favourable spots now lyinp waste. " For the same purpose wo may point to tho East Australian Kauri, which, whilst it seemingly possesses all the excellent properties of the Now Zealand kauri, proves here much moro readily acclimatized." Although tho above remarks refer to tho culti- vation of trees in forests only, and although tho high landa on or near to tho Alps seem to b ; alluded to as the proper localities for planting the varieties in question, thero cannot be a doubs that these and other members of tho fir triba might bo grown in belts for sheltering land.s in most parts of tho colony. In other portions cf the report wo find that the red cedar n deolarcd perfectly hardy in the low lands of the colony. The deodor, or Indian cedar, is also referrol to in favourable terms. With referenco to this tree, it may be slated that, oven in Britain, it rivals the larch in rate of growth. In tho Hima- layas this tree grows to tho height of 150 fee;, and is sometimos forty feet in circumference. The wood is described by hawson and Son as possessing all tho virtues described by tho -ancients as belonging to tho cedar of Lebanon. It is of great durability, compact, resinous, capable of receiving a high polish, and fragrant. In its nativo forests it is found in the greatest perfection on slopes near rivulets, in a gool loamy or black vegetable soil, somewhat moist, but with sufficiont natural drainage. Its nativo i habitat being m about 30deg. N. 1st., at an eleva- tion of from 0,000 to 12,000 feet above the level I cf the sea, our higher latitude and less elevation above tho sea lovel ought to render this olimato admirably adapted to its successful cultivation. In the report above referred to, wo find allusioi made^lo thoso American oaks which produo edible'atoms, and which would be valuablo on account of thoir yearly produce alone. Th; common larch of central Europe would b¿ "\\_]Uablo7'not only on account of its timber, but its rapid growth. In cold climates, it attains tha height of twenty or twenty- five feet in ten years.- It requites a modorately moist soil, bur. to mention more varieties of tho fir trib.) would occupy too much spaco. In tho several hundreds pt-species of this tribe alone there aro scores that' might bo grown hero with advantage. There is hardly any kind of tree so well calcu- lated to afford Bhelter, and the timber of all tha soits is moro or less useful. Where immediata shelter-Unwanted, treos and shrubs of quick growth'might be planted, for removal whenever those of slower growth are sufficiently advanced. We know of no kind of shrub that grows faster tban the -larger* variety of kangaroo .apple-tree, the roots of .which do not injure the ground or th > adjoining trees, as tho common Capo wattle doss. There is also a species of castor oil tree, wi»'< la: go broad leaves, tint attains the height of ten i or twelve fee* in twelve or oigh'eon months, vrî rroduces seed in the second year after planting], I In the third year the trunk is four or five inche i J in diameter, and the tree produces a very larg ) j trop of seeds. i i We think this is a subject that demands th ) I earliest attention of slockowners, who aro at th l trme time landed proprietors, in the more ope; i ri'd exposed parts of tha country. THE SELECT COMMITTEE ON COLONIAL MILI - TARY EXPENDITURE,-The report of the selec t committee appointed to inquire whether an r alterations may bo advantageously adopted in r< - gnrd to the defence of the British dependencia1, and the proportions of coat of such defencj as now defrayed from Imperial and colonial fund s respectively, has just been published. Tho corr . mittee aro of opinion, amongst other matten, that no uniform rule as to the cost or mode c E their military defence can be laid down whic i shall be applicable alike to communities s> various as theso which composo the British cole - nial empire ; but that, as to what are called th ) Eecond-class'dopcndencics, the responsibility an 1 main' cost "of thoir defence properly devolví cn the Imperial Government. The cost of th > dependencies properly called colonies ought, th > committee think, to devolve mainly on them telveB. They submit the following furlhe . suggestions, as arising from tho evidenco laic, before them:-"That it is inexpedient that th i proportions of cost of colonial defence to b i tome by the Imperial and colonial Government i respectively should bo the subject of negotiation i with the various dependencies, but that evidene > has been given tending to show that the modo o : proceeding adopted by Lord Grey_ in 1851, ii L announcing to the Australian colonies the terra i on which alone Imperial troops could bo son ; there, may be gradually applied to othor de- pendencies. That in the case of the Austrnliai colonies, comprised in tho first class, the mun fer of Imperial troops ought to be reduced That, with respect to New Zealand, wini it may not be right, under all circumstances to withhold from the sottlois m that colon; assistance in protecting thomsolves agains the attacks of nativo tribes, so long ns tin Imperial Government retains a control ovo native polioy, then principal ícliance ought to b on their own resouices That, with respect toth i South African colonies, and all those similar! circumstanced dependencies which contain larg i European populations, thoir security against war . like tribes or domestic disturbances bhould b provided for, as fnv as possiblo, by means of looa I efforts and local organisation , and that the man i object of any B)stem adopted by this country thould be to encourage such efforts, not merol' . with a view to dinnm*-h Impeual expenditure, bu ; for the still moro important pin poso of s inul vi . ing the spirit of telf îeliance in colonial commu- nities. That the settlers in South Africa shotih bo called upon to contribute a larger sum thr>*. they do at present towards the military expendí . ture otthose colomes. Tüattheexpenseof the tioopl in Ceylon should be in a greater degree born« h . tho colonial treasury. With respect to the TVei; Indies, it appears that about 4,200 troops (con' Bisting of European and coloured regiments, in nearly equal proportions) are now niainlabiei ! there, mainly for tho purpose of securing thos i colonies against internal disordor ; that the de ? fence in time of war of these possessions of th i British Crown, as well as of tho other 'dulan; colonies, must be principally naval, and thal it i I for many reasons inexpedient thai the duty of i. local police should bo performed by scattentl do ? tachments of Imperial troops, at tho cost if thi : country; it is, therefore, In tho opinion o you' committeo, desirable that, duo regard beiig liai { to the peculiar circumstances of thei-e cdoniosy the force now maintained in thom shoald bd gradually reduced. Your committeo aro.'urtliei of opinion that the multiplication of 'ortifiee places and the erection of fortifications ii distan colonial possessions, such as Mauritius, 01 árcale requiring for their defence a far greater numbai tf men than could bo spared for then iu tin event of war, involve a useless expenditure, one fail to provide an efficient protection fcr pUcss. (ho defence of which mainly deponds on supo riorityat sea. In conclusion, your eommit ee fubmit that the tendency of modern wa-faro is te ttrike blows at tho heart of a hostile pewer ; ant (hat it is, therefore, desirable to concentra . the troops required for the defence of (ho Unitoi Kingdom as much as possible ane to trus1 n ainly to naval sup'emacyfor securng against foreign aggression the distant dependencies of the empire." 