GOLD FIELDS. Windeybu, — For the last two or three weeks there has been a great rush to.the'Pyramul, and several large nuggets have been obtained, vary ing fro ha two' to twelve ounces! Some new ground— Government ground— has been opened adjoining : Mr. Spicer's ground, and several parties there have been doin'j well. One digger got an ounce to the tub, 'and others have been equally successful. The opening of Mr'Spicer's ground has caused the new ground to be tried, and I have little doubt but that in a week or two the goldrfields here will be as attractive as those at the1 far-famed Burrangorig. By-the-by, I learn from a letter that has just been received in town that the population is leaving Burran gong fast, and that many of them are in great misery— far worse off than they'were when they left these, diggings. It is stated,' too', that most in Miuau-wiiu leu iin» |)iiii;t) wuuia uuiuu uauii hut! they the means to do so, and ¥ believe they would find themselves Tewarded for their journey by a visit to Spicer's, at the Meroo.—Maitland JEJns^gn. . . ? ; ' . y .' ? Mining— The mining news is. so brief that any elaborate record of the details- would be a mere waste' of space. The : population at the present time remains in; ah unsettled state owing to the reports about the O.tago, diggings, but many of those miners who remain at work are doing far more. At Major's Greek a want of water is sadly felt, but in many instances satisfactory returns . are being .realised. From Little-River the news is far more1 encouraging. Araluen and Jembaicumbt.no are,, however, the centres of mining 'oxertioniVand furnish the largest contingents to our Bteady. escorts. The : :?..?:?}'.;? ?-, '?-.... ? '.'?'?? '-:'? ?''? i'.ft:!''' ??:.? i' ? ; — ? N ,y .Obinese^opuljatk»ri 18^ also very unsettled keep- ' ?ing:-up- fc'co1^^ The news from the Gulph is of a very encourag ingj nature. The information we have from a sincere friend to the Observer who is now in the locaiity, and from whom we shall shortly be ia the ^receipt of periodical and reliable reports. Business on the whole of the diggings is improv ing, while the town: trade, is not ;so- brisk as might lie expected at the opening of the season; — Braidwoot Observer.' i: ' Lambing Flat .—Several weeks have passed over without anything worthy of record having1 occurred on these gpld:field3. Many, new rushes have taken place of late contiguous to the town ship ; several 'are yielding wages, but the majoi ity produce little ; and the miners generally were joining in one continued growl of .dis appointment when the news arrived relative to the'success of the New Zealand rush. But' now a rriountain of difficulty ^presented itself, ini.the want of means necessary -to provide for such a journey. Few indeed were in a position to start at once, while hundreds deplored their inability to do so. Last week some miners returned from thelLachlan, and- gave' siich a glowing account of their success- at that gold-field,,, and' .their determination to return thither with friends, stating at the 'sarne time that the sinking amounted to, and in many instances exceeded, 130' feet. Yet the fact of a remunerative .digg ings that could bereached in 'a few days, had its jeffect; and New Zealand and the:!Goulbum trials became for the time forgotten; Forsome days past loaded ^drays ^with miners' property have passed on their way to the Lachlan;. and you can scarcely meet with one who is. not preparing to follow the 'scores already started; while others are sacrificing their little 'traps to provide themselves with rations for the journey. The distance by the road is one hundred miles, by jthe bash eighty-five. If this state of things continues Burrangong will soon rbecome the head-quarters of the Chinese, who .will, in, j that ? cas;e, retain undisputed- possession, and. sport, their tails witnout'dread'of Icnife or tomahawk, And when the Mongolians' find -themselves masters of the land; civo doubt they will Jtmuse their bosses and, admirers ,(by% form,ing ,a. fr,etum Roll-up against the remnant of Israel— re- membering, of course, the many of the'ir'country men wbTom- their interpreter, Mr. Hanley, stated on joath to have-been -murdered -on- the -30th of j uus last — mm mils a,- »tiuuuu- . eiutiuu ui tuc Native Dog Creek affair will be iooked 'upon as ifair and just retaliation;— Goulbiirn Chronielel Casey's party; ;who are workinga cretek claim jniNapoleoii Flat, .last week- realised ,105 oza. ^f gold, besides 8$ cwt. of black sand. . 'We'nee'd dardly saythat'rio't one of the five who' compose this company is likely to join in the New Zea land rush. Their claim has paid them at the rate of £18 a head per week, and they have plenty of it still to work. — Ovens Constitution, Sep. 20. Gold at Narriga. — The Braidwood Dispatch s^ys: — We were shown on Monday a splendid sample of gold which had been obtained on the Shoalhaven River below the confluence of the Nimmi Nimble Creek with that stream. It was purchased from Tory's party by Mr.. Dudley . M'Gratli, of Corang, and weighed close upon four ounces, it is very coarse and huggetty, and the parties who procured it expect to get great returns as soon as they have all their. necessary works completed. JThe Glebe Island Bridge. — This splendid undertaking is drawing rapidly to a close. The whole of the work may bs said to be on the eve of completion, a junction haying been formed on- one side with the island. So soon as the iron swing or drawbridge on the Pyrmont kide has been, finished and placed in position, the bridge will be ready for use. A more substantial or better finished bridge is not to be found in the colony. When once opened, the inconvenience of lifting the car casses into the punt and out again will be obviated, and the tirne occupied in transit to and from the city reduced by one half.' The route to the abat toirs,- at Glebe Island, will then lie down Market- ?*' street, across the Pyrrnont Bridge, and' skirting the quarries at the back of Pyrmont, across the new ' bridge. r -' ; About five o'clock on Sunday evening, a \ young girl named Hannah Maria Queely, aged ] thirteen vbars.' danerhf.er nf Mr' T OuboIv holrsr ofGeorge-street Soiith, sustained frightful injuries [ by her, clothes accidentally, tak ng.fire while stand- '? ing in close proximity to the kitchen range in her ; father's house. Dr. Aitken was immediately , called' in and dressed the wounded parts, but con- v sidering the serious nature of the, injuries and the ? --., shock to her nervous system, expressed but little : hopes of her recovery, , -, ? , ; About eight o'clock on: Monday evening an unusual glare was observable towards the south- J east, apparently the reflection of an'extensive fire on I the Waterloo Estate. The various fire- bells were immediately rung, and the Insurauce Brigade ;V engines, followed by those of the No. 1 and No. 2 j. Volunteers at once proceeded in the direction of the -- ' fire j and, after having travelled;* distance of about .f five miles; discovered it to be a large bush-fire in the ',, vicinity of Botany Swamp. The brigade receiving information of its being in nowise dangerous re- i turned , again. . , . : . ,i,..-.: ???'? ..- ??? .. ? : ? — ' ? ?- . . i Hollbway's: Ointment and Pills.— Visible li orj invisible ailments.— fnlall outward diseases, this .! fine Ointment will be i found soothing, cooling, and curative.' It speedily allays all inflammation, and re'duces to !a healthy condition all wounds, sores, ulcers.i and .sprains. : It discharges all irritating- l m,'atters, and. stimulates the vessels to wholesome i action. When this Ointment is rubbed on the skin - over any organ afflicted by disease it exercises, a '' cdrrespondingirecuperativeip'oweri1 arid in conjunc- i tipn (With , Holloway's Pills rarely fails to banish any '? internal' disorder .by its origin when or where it may, &? Whilst using these purifying preparations, the tongue -- cljeans, the appetite improves, chills and flushes de. , *? part, and the '.complexion beebmes clear, while the 1' spirits uUain an elevation consonant ohlyiwith health. Jv ! t ;.;;,:?,? ?; J. '.??.'.;,\, ?; .'h.'!:.' j, ..-.' .[' . ?'.?'.?- 1'v-a . .?& 