MOUNT BLACKWOOD. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) As is quite usual for this season of the year, everything seems tame and apparently dull, but I think this month, compared with the same in preceding years, will be found to be more generally satisfactory to the mining population. The weather certainly has been quite unusual. The first of the month intro- duced us to a severe flood, destroying the works of all creek- miners, but not otherwise doing much damage. Five Celestials were drowned, their bodies afterwards found and interred. Since then the weather has been very changeable, heat and cold alternately predominating; as a consequent the health of the population has not been as good as usual. The "cold epidemic" or vice versa has been thoroughly universal. The sluicing com- munity have had plenty of water until quite lately, and many parties have averaged better wages than they obtained during the last winter. Up to the present time but very few pnrties have had the necessity for complaining of want of water, and the presumption is, arguing from the past, that the rest of the season will be both cold and wet comparatively, and water sufficient for nearly all mining companies. The wet season has at least had one good effect, viz., preventing bush-fires, for not one has been seen in the vicinity. Simmons' Reef has broken out in a fresh place, and that, too, after better than two years of trial, during which time some £3000 were expended in mining opera- tions. I allude to the Imperial, who have during the present month found some handsomely remunerative quartz out of 100 tons crushed last week. I understand that the company rea- lised better than 1½ ozs. per ton ; this is good, and will do good not only to the enterprising proprietors, but to Blackwood generally. The perseverance of this company in still testing the reef, when public opinion looked pitying on, is but another proof that with capital and determination, any reef on Blackwood would eventually be found payable. Should the prospects of the Imperial still brighten, I am told that more extensive machinery will at once be erected. The Lerderderg Company are at a stand still, the reasons for which will probably be best explained by the report in the Mel- bourne journals of the last general meeting of the company. It really is a pity that works of this character should be erected at a great expense, and then allowed to stand idle for want of una- nimity amongst tlie shareholders. When this company was first formed, it was generally understood here that it was a heavy company, composed almost entirely of men of capital, who were determined to test the reef and make it pay if possible. Black- wood people felt proud that Melbourne capitalists were going to help to prove that the reefs here were worthy of a good outlay of capital. The best wishes of all were with them, and splendid results were expected. But what were the results ? — simply a farce. Indecision and want of energy somewhere, has already produced syncope, and unless strong reactionary measures are at once adopted, utter prostration will be the sure result. At a goodly cost most efficient machinery was erected, and a partially superficial portion of the reef tested, and because this did not turn out just to please, we are obliged to witness the foolish absurdity of men straining at a gnat and swallowing a CANDLE. Without a particle of doubt the projectors of this company had un- bounded confidence in the ultimate success of the speculation if carried out in a proper manner, and I believe that had the pro- moters undertaken it all alone, the result would have been better than it is at present. They would have put their shoulders to the wheel and helped themselves had they wanted help. A co- operative party of a dozen miners would have succeeded better than this famous heavy company of CAPITAL. Query — if the company would let their lease and works for ten years at 10 per cent. ? If they would, what a capital chance it would give to a party to make money out of this glorious Melbourne capital, by only going into the expense of sinking a shaft, say 300 feet, and an engine of power sufficient to pump and wind, they would be on the road to independence. The Simmons' Reef Company have commenced the active part of erecting steam machinery, the boiler having already arrived upon the ground ; this company form a contrast most marked aside of the Lerderderg Company. Some four years ago this company was formed as a co-operative company of fourteen men, not one of them in reality capitalists. Look at them now, erect- ing more costly and powerful machinery— all the result of the one essential necessary — perseverance. The Crown Company I can state nothing reliable of. The Cornish Company have laid up for the summer, not having water sufficient. On Trewhellas Reef the claim of Sherward and Taylor still averages about 1 oz. per ton. The United Company are getting ready for crushing, and the Pioneer just at present is looking a little down. The Caledonian Company (late Early Bird and Golden Point Companies) have good prospects, but I am, not acquainted with particulars. Yankee Reef — The Eureka Company are driving a tunnel into their reef at present time; they are better than 100 yards in at right angles with the reef, and over 100 feet in depth, they expect shortly to cut the reef. In my next month's report I shall be able to furnish approxi- mate statistics of the cost per ton (average) of mining and crushing quartz. 