CURRENT TOPICS. ThoGeelong and Western District Turf Club may be congratulated upon tho success of their arrangements (or the meeting of 1802. No le.=s than £350 10s was netted on Friday upon the sale of tho Gate, The Grand Stand mid Saddling I'addock, and the boutlis and fruit stalls, fur the three days of the* meeting-Wednesday, Thurs day, and Friday next. Mr Taylor, of South Geelong, became the purchaser of the gate for £205 ; Mr Miller, of tiie Albion Hotel, secured the Grand Stand aud Saddling Paddock for £oS, aud ho also got the only three fruit stands offered for £5 10s; while Mr Holmes invested I iu tho booth-rights (live) for the sum of £82. Tho whole were sold at auction by Mes'rs Ogilvia aud Hobinson. Last Government Gazette contains statistics of colonial uistillation for 1801. They ore pub lished in compliance with the Act. It nppears that, at the close of I860 the quantity of colo. niil distilled spirits in bond was 64,915 gall?. The quantity received into bond during ISOi was 20,71)9 galls, delivered for homo ton ?ump:ii>u 4367 gallis delivered fur exportation 318 galls, wasta on reguuge 139 galis, total quantity remaining iu bond on 3 tit December, , 1561, An interesting cricket match was played last Saturday afternoon, on the new oround h7 tivecn thirteen selected by Mr W P.?.. , thirteen by Mr J. Fi6ho^ The"B !^aM<1 I'raseraside: O'Dwyer bltinnm. ^ n .'T c Tait b Rippoa, sTCf frjij C°al*h uiu^uu, u, u, iimtna. bRinnon 91. Tempest, b Rjppon, 0; Cumming, l>Jiippon' 0, Hamilton b Timms, 14; Wheatland c b liearne, 2; Middlennss. b Tait, 1; Duthie not out, 1; uo balls, 2; byes. 7: leirbve 1 . *rtui 125\. Fisher|a aide: K. Timras, b Costick, lc* Osborne, b 0 Dwyer, 0; liippon, b O'Dwyer 0; S.S Rennie, c Cummin?, b Timms, 12; W Tait, b Timms, I . Woods, c Board, b Timms 0* ; »! Audrey fa'cSj/ n r i I'- Mart)'r' b Costiek.ll; U wUU9' ^ICrun.: AU En»H? to Z All Lnglnnd match, scored off their bats 12J runsi 18 others only scoring 58. The number of byes is very large, but none of the players !Sr,a,i(Er('tait{hraep»'» Esmeralda; or the Sensation Goat," a burlesque on Victor Huso's "Hunchback of *otre Dame. was presented at the theatre on Saturday evening. The piece, originally too long ami 111 p"rti"n3 really tame and meanin". less has been wisely curtailed, and the adrair. ''Maeedon the stage in the highest degree creditable to the man ageroent. inmost noticeable feature in the extravaganza is the opportunity it affords for a general good make up. In this respect Mr Younge s Claude Trolld is inimitable, while the Quasimodo of Mr Uarlowe forms a really into resting anatomical study; the chef d'eauvrc however, is a small edition of Miss Aronli Jones in the person of Miss Fanny Wiseman. I lie resemblance is perfect in voice, diess, and figure;-m fact it is Avonia seen throueh an opera glass reversed. Esmeralda found a re presentative in Miss Kate Ward, who, as usual, performed very effectively. The arduous part o 1 lerre Grmgoire the " bard up" poet, was f ?L ,E3 EmilJr ^Visemaiij who dresses «el[ for the character and acts it still bettor. The piece is uvll cast and the scenery and ac cessories are good, and no doubt it will enjoy a long run, There area few localisms introduced, but, whoever wrote them, they are neither witty withouUhem. ^ V°M b° mUcU betler The Benares brings papers from Sydney, to W ednesday last, 22n.l inst. Parliament had been 5m>r,°pU| J ®'r John.Young, nominally to 20th February, but itis understood that it trill not be called together till early in the month of May, so that all the'work of legislation may bo done in the winter, when the county members can most conveniently attend.. One of the last sets of the session was the passing of a £17S2q7 ' sanctioning the borrowing of 41,782,370 ^ for ; railway extension and other ? public wotks. v. This baa. brinra the amount of debt due by New South Wales-lip.to LG,000,000 or L100 for everv family m the colony. The Sydney Ifrrnld comments strongly on the growing disposition, session lifter session,r.to augment the public debt concluding with the Mowing ominous words which will hear reading twice over ..." here, lllc"i Me ve to find the check upon this extravagance of outlay? Where, but in the prudence of the lender? So long as money can be obtained with facility, our debentures will be issued, economy will be postponed, un. productive works wiU be multiplied, unpopular taxation abandoued, and a general contusion in the^ finances of the country will be concealed under specious platitudes. * * » < So long as money can bo obtained iu the Lon. don market J, ew South Woles as well as other colonies will be a most buoyant and faithful customer, and we may repeat for the satisfac tionof the capitalist that it is very imprdbable uo Shall ever refuse to pay the interest so long as lie, will ,lend us the muney to do so. All have long admitted that we have reached the utmost margin of prudence, many think we hive, passed thfl;h'ne of safety. All talk of catling, a halt somewhero or other.' \Ve be. TfrortBinS with buoyant steps to wards that disagreeable spot, where we shall meet our creditor face to face, and whenall illu. stons will vanish both on his part and ours." \r'YIO|. Kol'l -duty bill introduced by Mr Mcl ellanand Mr Woods and read a first time on lhursday, proposes to reduce tie duty to U Ccl per ounce after 1st July of the present year. The ministerial proposal ia to reduce it to 2s only at the e-nne date. If there be any fi th pledges, Mr McLellua's proposition must secure the support of a large majority in l»iL femi y' 1illG, Princ!Ple of reduction be ng already conceded by ministers, it is diffi. cult to see on what grounds they con offer any ?very strenuoiu, opposition to Mr JIcLellan'. , ,The South Australian Register of 20th inst, A private, letter,- dated Cairo, De. ceuiber 5, speaks of war impending with states that it has already influ. . Adelaide papers to hand by the Ravilah giro an account of the ceremony of turning the first «od of the Kardiiia liailway at Wallaroo, by his Excellency the Governor, who, we aro informed, was loudly applauded as he stripped himself of tus caat and waistcoat! m true workmanlike stjle, and proceeded to his allotted work. Jlaving placed three or four spadesful of earth in a barrotv ho wheeled it for a little distance, and turned it out amidst the loud plaudits of the assembled throng. Bush-fires were discernible on Saturday and Sunday nights, in the directions of Bateiford We hava nnt. however, been able to learn if they have had any serious effect. Saturday-. Argus saysWo learn, from advices received by the Aiding, that the R A. Whitney, Captain Bobinson, arrived at OUgi I f. ? sFleilll"i passage of seven days, with her living cargo of over 3,000 sheep. Only 150 were lost altogether, and th»se during the two hot days tho vessel was detained in Hobson'i Bay, after the animals were placed on board." 1 he meaning of this we take to bo that not one single she?p out of the 3,000 was lost between Hobsons Bay ""d Otago. This fa mch I 1"e'e Qf s';otl fortllu® that it ate.z"T"8 The Back Creek correspondent of the llallarat omWin! Tn lJ^,!°n.oninS S""d account of an "V °t f i "1<> lrea,(!r" district: Mount t.reenovk, towards which the hopeful have: been looking, u now, beyond a doubt, des. lined to bo a source of wealth to this district, iht Engine claim, upon which has been ex. pcaded upward of ^3,000, and which has, com. I'aratu el) speaking, only met with goot{ nrosl p.cts had at last como Oil the rich lead. In a simple trial, n nugget weighing 1 ,2 J dw|, was found among the stuff. Higher up a party ; week1* Thr "'"i 2 l>er """ cach last [ whW, i' t ,Ertf"S !>vhim- A e!aia! 1 Hhi.li Bj^rLecmlyaba'idoneilbva nartv much ' »g.nnst tho wuh of one of his aiatis, has been taken up by another party, who drove S fret, f and.have come on stuff yielding 4 ozs to th« ?! Tis!f on Thursday to fa l» Tt7,7nr'i,-,vl.1I1"'tbe muuiciP»lityof Sand-1 hurst, the object hang to meet MrMacarthy, tho l.estdent Uovernment Engineer, who wished f| to hand over to the Council the control of t|t01 roads over and he approaches to the bridg made m continuation of Fir and Laurel-streets' P Ihe municipal representatives availed them-1 selves of Mr McCarthy's offer to go down th« I Ihled'tlLTr "r'0 W<Ski- Mr Macarthy I ma ne wn 1, h °m to Castle-1 tbt " r TncJ simultaneously with 1 nd K to rCaSlk;mai"e to Melbourne; I anil that to ensure such being thecal theff !iT^a;rfed^Ca3Uein^^^ fe 17 000 elnirq tons "frails, and about1,. \- also in con-1 the Tirid ,tn v* 'i 'f'J'i that the girders fot 3 Z rthf *2 "Wch were spoken of at | it wis mpntin 6 i"i^ " "f'er night, and whioh (j beeii «ent out"f ):T60t 'he speakers hadnotf i in the rnlnnv T ..Eu3l!,n(' yet WW »ctuall/ iA tractois! ° 1U thC bMds oE lh° *k: terdavtotT," Co?P0rnt!on PwwiWl y«' " idtew » " d'1('n?ud,15irry » complimenUir v S "fKW 0 ^ ^e City Council, on dn /I occasion ot his departure from tho w'-lf M v Evhi'bi'r'°ner »'r Victoria to tho Ir.-ernationllfc" ! Exhibition. Hi9 Honor r,;t"-ed a snitabl.f ; i)V" ; h.e ^ "lunteer Oot-i'any of which Sit | : lWilmoud is Captain, ^fsciabled on parade OJ A telegram was received In Geeleng on Sa turday announcing the death, at Rockhampton, of Mr Robert Robinson, late of Gcelong. It Kill be leinembered that Mr Robinson left this tpnie time ago to follow pastoral pursuits in Queensland. He was but recently married, aid much sympathy is felt tor his young widow ffhO rf'ioincd her husband a few days only before his death. We are gratified to observe that there is lone concession raado to the public, or that portion of it, at any rate, that complains of the bard times, in the matter of the chargra for ad nisnoii to the race course. By an advertise nEnt in our columns it is notified by the lc=seeof the gate, " That saddle horaei will be charged only 2s 8d, one-horse vehicles as, two iorse vehicles 7s fid, and so on in proportion. The only busiuess before the polico bench on Satuiday, was the disposal of one drunkard, who Ttas mulcted in the usual penalty. The Newtown and Chilwell Municipal Council ".;!! meet to-morrow evening. Business: Correspondence; To consider and order on Reports of the Public Works and Finance Committee. To consider the propriety or otherwise of appointing a Surveyor or Clerk of the Works. The following is a return of prisoners in H. 3L Jail, for the week ending Saturday, 25th January, 1S62. For trial, Supreme Court, 8 males, 1 females; remauded for medical enquiry, i males; Ruad Gang, 16 males; Hard Labour, 25 males, C females; Fined 1 female; Confined, 6 males, 6 females; Lunatics, 3 males, 2 femalea; Waiting Bail, 2 males; Debtors, 1 male. Total, 63 males, 17 females. 