THE LATE DESTRUCTIVE BUSH- j FIRE. } In Monday's Star we stated some parti culars respecting the bush fire at Bulla rook, that destroyed thejnilki of Messrs Graves ana étaler'. We now leam that the mill was insured in the Melbourne Fire' and Life Insurance Office, for the com of £1200. Varions rumors were afloat that the Messrs Andersons' and other mills had been destroyed, but there is no troth in thc statement. Several huts belonging to wood splitters and small cultivators have been however burned. The fire spread with most extraordinary rapidity, and in its course swept onward towards Gordon, extending as far as the Moorabool on 4>ne side, a distance of some twenty miles, des troying abont haifa dozen huts in its pas [ sage. The Alliance Company, at Gordon» had great difficulty in saving their plant from the devonring element; but, fortu nately, they were assisted by several neigh bors, and the wind changing at thc time, they succeeded in changing the course of the fire, which swept onward with alarming rapidity. At Stieglitz and Mount Egerton we hear that great damage was done, the crops of several farmers and their home steads haying been destroyed. Messrs Biddle's mill, of Bullarook, bad a very nar row escape, and it required the energetic action of some 50 persons to save it from destruction. On Monday the change in the wind had dispelled any fears that were en tertained of these extensive bush fires ex tending, and late last evening there was a slight prospect of rain. , The timber saw mills of Mr James Gold smith, at tbe Springs, were also completely burned down. i The American Saw Mill, at Bullarook, [ was not injured, but a bridge leading thereto which cost £300, was burned down, as well as a large portion of a tramway. Our Brown Hill correspondent sends us the following:-"The bush fire yesterday must have made great havoc among the settlers, the particulars of the loss of one of these I may relate. A young man named Spilman, who was recently married, pur chased a few acres of land to settle upon in the neighborhood of the Springs. He built himself a comfortable bouse, laid in a few months supply of provisions, intending to leave his wife comfortable for a time, while he endeavored to replenish his almost ex hausted funds. He furnished the house, and finished thc papering and tacking down of the carpet last Saturday night. He left his borne on Sunday morning with his wife to spend the day with his friends at Brown Hill, leaving through forgetfulness his purse on the table containing all the money he had, with his watch. When they returned borne in the evening all was de stroyed. The dog was burned on the chain, and a lamb and a goat consumed in the stable. House, furniture, clothing, provi sions, money, all bad gone. His horse was loose in the bush, and may be for aught he knows burned also. 