VICTORIA. We have Melbouono papers to the 18th inst. the more interesting contents of which we give below. The Cricket Match we extract from the columns of Bell's Life. THE KUHOUBED WAU IN AMERICA.-In the Assembly in reply to a qu^iion by Mr. Loader as to whether the attention of the Treasurer had' been directed to the rumour of a war between Great Britain and Araerioa, Mr. Huinos said the Government had placed on the Supplemen- tary Estimates a small sum to enable the engineer officer to proceed immediately with the defences-tho batteries. He also proposed a further Burn, in order that the batteries might lie put in such a condition as to preserve the colony from the insult which might be offered to it by a few small frigates. Some field-pieces had been received from England, but no Armstrong guns, and it was not likely that the latter would arrive. The engineer officers recommended that the order for the Armstrong guns should be countermanded, as it was very uncertain whether they would be so effective as the large field pieces. Ho (Mr Haines) had done all in his powqr to have those pieces mounted as soon as possible. He might mention that it was nor contemplated to proceed at, present with the works at Queenscliff, but only with tho works at Sandridge and Williamstown. In answer to Mr. Nixon, Mr Haines stated that the Govern ment were acting in accordance with the advice of the engineer officer, and that the defence commissioners had modified the decision formerly given by them. The opinion of ihs engineer was, that it was bet1 er not to proceed I with the works at Queenscliff, but only those at Sandridge and Williamstown. THE WEATHEB.- Yesterday was the hottest day experienced in Melbourne for some years past On tho 23rd January, 1860, the ther momoti r marked in the sun 13<tdeg.-the great- est degree of heat observed for a long period ; but yesterday, at threo p. m , 144deg. 3min. were recorded by the thermometer in the sun at the Observatory, _ and in tho shade, ft the same hour, in a position thoroughly sheltered fiom the wind and sun, the instrument marked llldog. 2miu. At Williamstown Observât nrv the temperature in the shade at 4 p. m. was 109d -g.-the highest point marked there. At South Yarra, in the ahudo,a thoimometer, shel- tered from tho wind und sun, recorded the heat at 3 p. m. as between 113deg and lMdeg. Within, the shelter of stone vails, in Queen-street, at three p. m" an instrument recorded _D5dcg. During the night of the 13th and morning ol the 14th the wind blew lightly fromN.E^ About seven o'olock yesterday morning it incrensed in force, and at eight a m. settled steadily in the north, very hot and blow- ing strongly, but raising little dust. About 11 o'clock heavy dust squalls were experienced, and at threo p m., when the heat was greatest, the wind blew wiih ureat violence and heat. At eight a. in., iq the shade, the thermometer stood at 92deg. 7min. At noon it had reached 106 leg. At one p. ni., it waB 107deg., and at three p. m., as already stated, the highest point -llldog. 2min.-was reached. At six p, m., the same instrument marked 105 deg. 1 min. and at seven p.m., 101 deg. The temperature of the surface soil at noan was 122 deg. Great as tho heat was throughout the day however, it was still grea er at Adelaide, where-if our telegram does not err-the thermometer in the sun recorded a degree of heat probably un paralleled even on ftlack Thursday. About midnight a breeze sprang up from the south, but it «as of short duration, and the probabilities wore, at an early hour this morning, that this day would be characterized by even groater heat than yesterday.-Argus, DEATH BY DROWNING' -Induced by the ex- treme heat of the weather, several hundreds of persons last night availed themselves of the opportunity of bathing in the Yarra, and we regret to learn that a fatal accident happened at the bathing-house opposite the Botanic Gar- dens A young man was suddenly heard to give signs of drowning and it was discovered that he was one who had plunged in from the bathing house as he had left his clothes upon the bank. A gentle- man named Charles Harrison, employed by the firm of Messrs, Beauchamp and Byrne, Collins street, hearing the alarm, and seeing a slight dis- turbance in the water,plunged in, and dived three or four times around the spot, in hope of rescu- ing the drowning man but his courageous efforts were not attended with success as he could not discover the body.The drags were then procured and every search made, but in vain. The acci dent occurred a little before nine o'olock. The drowned man wore white moleskin trousers, a lack cloth coat, a felt pepper and salt coloured hat, and a plaid waistcoat, His name could not be ascertained. A great deal of confusion was caused by the noise made by numbers of boys who were present. GBKAT FIBE AT TABBAWINGEE ; AND DESTBUC TION OF PKOPEBTY.-The most destructivo conflagration that ever occurred in this district visited Tarrawingee on Friday morning last. For tho last few days bush-fires have boon burning in all directions around us; those on the ranges in the neighbourhood of Sebastopol raging more fiercely, and causing much an^ioty to the farmers about Turuwingeo, than any other. On Friday lost, the wind having changed, the flames advanced rap dly in 'the direotion of the farms and about ton o'clock in the morning had roach/d the boundary of the farming district, and soon made an jn,< road ou Mr. Newth's farm, and burning np the ?imbele, which is usually about two feet high. and the entire ier©p/ofi ivheat, ?wfciob.bad been dut and stood in " shocks ," ready for stacking -all thiB waa entirely icaniumed in a vertpshorti time, together with "several tons of hay from last year. The fire then reached the farm of Mr. Simpson, andiH^ftlneVntfeivabiy fcHdif space of 1 time had pa-oed over twenty-five acres of oats, which ut a low calculation, contained 800 bushels of grain. 'Deverey's farm wàs iHé^ièil'fo be enclosed by the burning element, and thirty acres of splendid wheat, considered to be worth nearly forty bushels to the aore, were destroyed here-equal to upwa'ds of 1,000 bushels of corn. The brothers Connor had their two paddocks also consumed, and which, at a low esti- mate, would have. yielded upwards of 2,000 bushels of wheat ; the both containing not less than nevon ty aorrs. Mr. Peel was fortun- ate enough to escape with the loss of only about two acres, himself and the neighbours having been successful in bealing back the fire as ii advanced. Mr. Hall's crops were entirely con- sumed to the extent of about forty acres; and Mr. John's crops of oats and wheat, consisting of about sixteen aeres of each, suffered the same fate. Mr. Davis's crops also shared in the same general destruction, the damage done on the farm being to the extent of 1,500 bushels of wheat the produce ofthirty.nino acres of the finest land in the neighbou- hood. The residents of the district exerted thomselves to the utmost to stay the progress of the flames, but in most cases unavailingly. Damage to a certain extent was done to the property of other settlers, which we have not enumerated, but the above are the most important losses, and, in fact, all that we havo'as yet been able to glean definite particulars about. The entire crop of a poor man who had beon striving for the past two or three years to get his land under cultivation, and in which he had only succeeded to the extent of two or three acres of wheat, also shared the fate of his moro wealthy neighbours ; and his hut also was involved in the general ruin. Theresa dences ofoneortwo other of the settlers were burned down, and all their contents destroyed ; and weare informed thatono man, Mr. Friend, had two shirts burnt from his back iu his endeavour to_ repel the fire. All the grass about Tarrawingee has also beon burnt down. and_ it has become an objoet for serious consideration, whxt ia to become of the cattle belonging to the settlers. All the corn destroyed had been cut and placed in " shock," ready for conveyance to tho various homesteads, and, being perfectly dry, so fed the flames that in some places, the scene.was ono of awful gran- deur. "We have heard the aggregate loss estimated at £6,000, but this is probably con- siderably in excess of the actual damage sus» tained-a more correct calculation beicg one which a farmer from Tarranwingee gave u* last night, which stated the loss of grain to be between 8,000 and 9,000 bushels, the value of which would bo about £2,000, and another £1500 at a moderate calculation would bo re quir°d to replace the fences, and to clear the ground, and restore it to its proper condition for purposes of cultivation.-Ovens and Murray Advertiser, Jan. 14. 