TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS. Dm'AE: o/if of thk R/ v. \V. (^thdertsox.— A rsledictorf ecivicc was held on Tuesday evening, in the Congregational Church, Pitt-street, for the purpose of taking a formal leave of tho Rev. W. CuthbertEos, who is about to pay a visit to England in the IjQ Hoguc, A tea meeting was held at half-past six o'clock tn the adjoining schoolrooms, when about three hundred persons sat down to tea. Afterwards a public meeting was held in the churoli, which was well filled, the attendance including besides the members of Mr, Cuthbeithson's church and cougre^aliou, several , ministers and lay friends connected with other religious denomi- k nations. The proceedings were commenced with devotional || exercises, and a few introductory remarks from Mr. J, Fairfax* '|f who presided. Addresses, expressing their subscribers' high % esteem for Air. Cuthbertson as a Christian minister, their appro- 3 elation or bis ministerial labours, and their wtohes for a pros- W porous journey and his speedy return to the colony* || were then successively presented to him as follows : — From the |£ 1 Rev. J. West, on beholi of the Congregational Home Missionary fr Societv of New South Wales ; from Mr. A. loss as senior deacon* f§ on bcliaif of the Tilt-street Cburclt ; from Mr. L. fv, Threlkcld, on §§ beliull of a number of friends, who had subscribed the aura of 3 £150, which be thereupon presented to Mr. Cuthbertson ; from a Air. Lee, on behalf of the Sabbath- school teachers; from Mr* 8 Kcppir, on behalf of the Young Men's Bible Class, who presented [8 Mr. Cuthbertson with a handsome inkstand; and from the chair- M man, on behalf of the Ladies' Bible Class, who presented their m. pastor with a valuable silver card case. Appropriate aud couipti- M mentary valedictory addresses were then delivered by tbe Kor, % 6\. C. Kent, on behulf of the ministers and members ot tho Con- M gregational body ; and by the Rev. J. Vollcr, on behalf of the 3 other churches in the colony. The Rev. W. Cutkbertsou, ou 3 rising to respond to the addresses, said he felt quite overwhelmed M by tlie generous kindness with which he had been treated# and Jl proceeded in an eloquent and etirriug address to refer to tiro 11 wurm reccptiou which had greeted him on his landing U # the colony, and to the constant demonstrations of ^Christina I sympathy 'atid co-opcration which, he had received during the five 3 years he hud been the pastor of that church. After briefly re- M viewing some of tbc circumstances connected witb his public J| ministrations, he stated that he had found a change of climate aud rf| a temporary cessation of work necessary, and he believed Trori- || deuce had o'pened out to him the opportunity of visiting the dear M old tend, and of getting all the good he could from a visit home* Jj which he believed would be made conducive to the good of hto =g okuicli as well as to his own. H was his intention while at home '|f to represent to the Congregational body there the true state ol' -|1 things in New' 6outh Wales, and to induce them to 'If send out some picked youug men for iriintotertel. labour in the colony. lie also proposed to make -m au application to the London Missionary .Society to allow [3 tbc Auxiliary bocicly here to select young men here and to pie- S pave them for work in the South Seu Islands, He further con tempteted embracing any opportunity that might present itself# 3 ol putting truthfully before tbe English public the advantages of % emigration to this' tend, and of inducing industrious people to J come out, believing that to such the colony opened up a gioriou* J prospect. He would again, tit conclusion, deeply and gratefully it thank his friends for their kindness, trusting that they might ' 1 meet again happily on enrtb, but that if not they might meet in J happiness hereafter. The reverend gcutlcman then closed the J meeting by pronouncing the benediction ; after which be received £ from niany of bto friends a hearty purling greeting. Senices of a -3 valedictory character were also conducted in the jl'Ut-stroet A church on' Sunday lart, the result ol the collections at the close of M which was the liquidation «f a debt ot £120, due for the building || of the church, J| Tn* Imj.bkay ionai. JCxBtnmoK.— The samples of wool iu- '5 tended lor the International Exhibition in l-ondoii wcreexhi- 5 bited to the public onMuuday, at the offices of the Commissioners, M in New Titt-streel, but tbc attendance was not uumerous. The :S v toilers were mostly confined to persons iutcreetcd in the pro- 5 duction or the cxpoit of wool, all of whom expressed very great J[ admiration at the splendid samples of our staple. There can be S no question that the Australian wools will, so far as this colony is m concerned, be very efficiently represented at the Great Exhibition. 3 The samples now on vicw'imssesb, in an eminent degree, all the 3j English market4, exhibiting not oal? the intrinsic qualities of the M wool, but also the extreme carc bestowed on the getting up of the samples. The general character of the greasy wools is very good, but the pir/e sample, XXXI (41), grown by Messrs. J. H. and ijg A. B. Cox, is unquestionably the Vest, being particularly valuable *.|g on account of its closcnes* and fineness. Two other sample* (42 and 43) from the same growers, exhibit J more of the merino, and have a greater length if of staple. The sample marked 'H II' (38) is a combing wool m of high character ; and 'Spur-winged plover '(45) deserves to ~l[ V clashed vci-y high on account of its sounduess, strength .ol. -1 staple, and adaptability to combing purposes. The fleeces marked | 'Tcntari ' (251, are of large sire, but are rather open and seedy* | Amongst the other samples of greasy wool are several that ara a cut.tlcd to a very high position. Tlie sample of wool washed on 3 tbe sheep's back' tlmt obtained tbe prize was one of the L. U. E. jf clip marked ' Toujour* 'c S-'fci-r '* (3), grown by Messre. Rilcf ^ and Bloomficld, a superior cU/thisg wool, fine, clean, and strong 1 iiihtupk. 'Spur -win god plover' (27), is also a very fine eamp'.e s ot fleece wool, long in staple, and got up in a superior style ; it S is indeed washed so while as ahno-t to resemble cotton, the con- J sequence of which is that the wool is harsh and will require mora -| oil iu working. The prize sample for s-coured wool was that | marked 'Spero' (26), grown by Mr. Kowtend J. Trail, oC 1 Colluroy, aud is considered to be one of the best washed aud got- | up wools ever exhibited, its quality rendering it well j adapted lor manufacturing purpo-cs. The sample marked ^ 'Spes' (40). is a wool of very high class, but J rather inferior in coudilion to that jurt mentioned- -j 'i he sample*, 'Chauticlocr' (21), 'Auimo ct Fide' (31), and i ' :d. D.' (35;, deri ve particular notice, being in beautiful ooa- A dition ; ' B. 11.' (30), scoured tembswooi to very well got up, but f is apparently ovcrwashctf. £n addition to the sample* of sheep's if wool exhibited, souie samples of the Uama aud alpaca fleeces have °M been sent down by Mr. Ledger. The exhibition of these will afford the op|»oilunity of contrasting the small weight aud coarse m quality of the llama's flrece with the size atid fineness ol those of the |1 jilpaia, aud of tracing the successive advance mode in each cross §§ oi these animate, 'i he fleeces of nine and of sixteen months* growth ^ display these results most conspicuously ; the silklike quality of L|§ the wool is much adiuiitd, aud surprise' to expressed at the size of : | the fleeces, considering the age of the auiiuuto. Mr, Ledger ku also sent two fleeces ol sheep's wool; they are from rauia grown St by Air. W. l.yall, one being a Cotsn o!d menus, and the othr- a ; 3 Leicester niciino. The flcocie are very hoavv, coarse, but of good length of staple, aud glossy; they' are barely of ,|| ten lUHiths' growth. One ot the rams, after being shorn of m fleece weighing 15 lbs, y ors,, weighed, alive, 245 Iba. ; and the Ji other weighed 227 lbs. H was intended that, besides the samples Jf oi the new dip of wool, there should be samples exhibited of the --|t uc-u crops of cereals, aud specimens of these were invited. At 1 present, only three samples ol wheat have come to baud, grown ! by »ir AY. Macartbur, but we understand that 6ome other c create 1 will arrive in time for rending by the mail. — On Tuesday morning j ibejudgcsuppo'intcdtomuko thc'ii award lor the Ibrce goldtnedxte i oficicdby Merer*. Mini trad Co., marie an inspection of the sample* of wool at the offices of the Exhibition, in New Pitt-street. The following were the judges appointed by Messrs. Mort and Co.* i aud who were ateo uppoved ol by the Commissioners for theKxhi- ^ bition Mr. AY. Bruy, Mr. J. U. Atkinson, Mr. G. R. Hirst, Mi* [ R. liummerer, Air. A. liicuhcliffe, and M. l#anseigne. As we ) bare before stated, the invitation of the Commissioners to the r- flockmastcre to exhibit samples ol their bcrt fleeces has been very Liberally responded to, and tbe result is a most admirable col lection ot the finest wools produced in the colony. The coilootiou consists at present of forty -four samples, but some have not ytfc s- anived. The three gold nicdato offered br Messrs, Mori aud Go* were awarded as follows First, for tbe best sample of not leg* thKasixfloeccsofeheep^'woolinthegreagejUieuicdftlwasawarded ' to Messi». G. II. aud A. B. Cox— motto, XX.X.I.— by tho castiag: *- vote of the chairman. Second. For tbe best sampfo of not less - than six fleeces of sheep's wool washed ou the sheep's back ; tho 4 medal was unanimously awarded to Aleuts. Riley and Bloomfield '1 fov the I,. U. E. clip, mouo—' Toujour® to fleuu' Third. For the ? best sample of uot less than 12 lbs. of scoured sheep's wool, the medal was awarded to Rowland 3. Trail, of Collaroy, motto— cj ' Sporo,' Tlie whole of the samples were carefully packed in blue calico, aud the judges were occupied nearly the whole of tho ^ day witb the examinations. A catalogue of the samples torn J preparation. ^ C'om ri.i ti fkt a t v I'hnic ani. l»ioiu-N Match.— A very i pleasant little refuroi; ot ®))ortiug gentlemen took place on Saturday, at A'aueluse— the immediate object of the festivity ^ being to pay a parting compliment to Mr. AVilliam M'Quade, who ^ te about to leave tbe colony on a visit to England, The company numbered about thirty, including several 'crack shots' aud /: many iimateurs whore performance* with the deadly tube are not wholly unknown m fame. Dr. Mullcr, with whom tho ; matter originated, and who was the worthy host on the occasion* bad taken even- precaution to make lite g'aests comfortable, pro- '?£ siding stcauiir accommodation lo and liotu Vauoluse, and an *i elegant luncheon, which was served up in the interval between I the first and second matches of the day. The whole t: thing, in fact, passed off iu a moat agreeable manner. 'p harmony and good-fellowship prevailing from first to last ; and r \ hope® were expressed that at uo distant date, tbe return of Air* ti AI'Quade to bis native country would be marked by a similarly f i pleasant excursion, The following is the score o-f the several matches &hoi; off in the course of the dav:— First match, 5s, a gun» three birds, 25 yards rise,— Johnson 2,' Smith 2, Oaticv 1, lMwsoa p I, AYbitficld 2, N 'Evilly 1, Tilt I, Dm vail 2, M'Quade 0, Capo 0* | litoxfoud 2, Dr. Mullcr 2, Dr. Eichier 1* The ties having ti Miot oft. the match resulted eventually in a tie between Messrs* fe- Smith aud AYbitficld, who divided. Bceoud Match, 10®. a. guu« M !i hiius each— Dr. Mullei's side: Dr. Mullcr 4, Blaxland 4* t? AHEvilly 4# Oatlcy 3, Smith 2, Dr. Eichlcr 2, Rowlcv i, Durham. if. Mr. .M'Quade'* side ; M'Quade 5, Whitfield 4, barTall 4, G# [, Pitt 2, Dawson 4, 1. Cape 3, Brown 0, Johnson 4, Air, M'Quado'a p side wiunii.g bv four buds, Third Match— Sides, H)s. a gun, 5 pll birds each— Mr. W'Quudc's side: M'Quade 2, M'Evilly 5, Dr* |;M Alullcr*. G, Pitt 2, Dr. Eichlcr: !L Mr.AVhitfleld'ssidc: Whitfield .- * j§ 3, Blaxland 4, Oaticy 2# Dawson 4, Johnson 2, Smith I, Air* I ':J§ Whitfield's side winning by I bird. Fourth Matob— Sides, 10»* pM u guu, 3 birds each— J, Cape 2, M'Quade 3, At'F.villy 3, Dr. 9»f Mullcr 2, Oaticy 2, Johnson 2, Blaxkmd 3, Dawson 0, AvUU&eUl; iif| 3, Pitt 0. Mr. Cape's side winning by 5 birds, |l| Dm nfc to Mu. 11. James,— On Saturday cvoulag u*t, ft. S testimonial dinner was given to Mr. benjamin James, on |S the occasion el his riepartiuv from the colony on a visit to England. The dinner look place in Clarke'® Aesembly Kooovb. 3B Elizabetb-Btrcct# which win* tunefully decorated with JS bauncra and emblematical devices, in-csentuig a very gay ajtrt. 113 animated appearance. A torad was also in attendance, playing* 'Ja airs appropriate to each tourt us it was drunk, A row of tuhUic ran down each tide of the room, with u ctos» table at tiro weston. SlS end, lor Ike chairmen and notabilities. There tables wore well rll filled throughout, und there mure have been over 200 persons present. Tbe thai!' was ocottpiod bythekon, C. Cowper, with Lj# Mr, Joint* on his right, und the lion. J. Robertson on his left* EHS The Mayor (Mr. J, Oaticy j, and Alderman hmbei'landL# M.L.A,* tps acted as croupiers at either table, Amougat the company RIB areMubleil wi-ie the following membors of the Assembly;— Mr* fggg AV, Ik Allen# Air. Buchanan, Air. (teldwoll, Mr. Cunncoa, Mr* BUI Gnirctt, Mr, Irevo, Mr* MnrUbaui, ALv. Stewart, and Mr. Suther- ppf laud. A letter from Dr* Lang, excusing his absence, was also |g§ lead. The dinnor, provided by Mv. Clarke, wa- served iu very |§|ff eupciioi style, and. to judge by the wav it wus'di&pasod; of, gave IPi the more coutplctcsatUfaction. * |g|l Fatal Emx-raoF AuMiKiBTEitiNa AVaost. Medicise,— On Uk* §§§§ 3rd Instant, a man namedJJonen went to l)r. Wright, of Hunter* R-Ag, street, and asked for some medicine, a® l-r. AViight understood*1 f *** for his wife, who had recently given birth to a female infant. A» \ the doctor understood that the woman was suffering from p&iuff; 7 consequent upon her accouchement, he prepared a draught tic , which morphia was used, aud gave instructions for its admiutotra* £ tioo* Jones returned to his residence in Swan-street, off George* . -J[ street South, ami pari of the medicine was thereupon given to the - ,:?%- infaut, for whom it waB inteudod bv theparents, though the fathnc ) i ' had failed to make Dr.AVright so understand it. The consequence | was that the child died soon after it Uad swallowed the medicine# ? $ Auiuqueston tbc body was held ou Saturday, and a verdict of . : . fc 'Cimebyita death through a pareotio being admlp»ateredbr intake/ 'vyuff rcVpmod, * | r 1 i i J El Mutino at tiie Free Church,— Our correspondent writes : H '—On the 8lh instant, n meeting of the Presbytery of Maitland, in 1 csnnectlon with the synod 0/ Eastern Australia, was held in tbo 1 Vrec Church. West Maitland, to consider the call of tho Hoy. 1 Alexander M'lntyrc to the Clarence River, and the Rev. William 1 M'Jntyro to St. George's. Sydney, Tlioro were present tbc ltcv. 1 A, Gordon, moderator ; tbo Revs. W.M'lulyrc, Allan M'Intyrc, 1 'W. Bain, and W, Graham, Mr. D. Dickson, and Mr. W» M'Lcod, 1 %Vlers. The presbytery appointed the Rev. W. Bain, clerk, pro 3 Utt,% and the proceedings opened with prayer; after which, a 1 letter from tho Rev. Alexander M'Intyrc to tho Rev. — . B M'Cullcch, of Ahalton, was read, declining to accept tho call 1 from the Clarence River congregation, chiefly on tho ground that 9 the climate was too hot to suit his constitution, and 1 expressing his deepest sympathy with regard to tho 1 spiritual destitution of tuo Clarenco River. The clerk 3 was directed to communicate the contents of tho f§ letter. ? Sympathy was also expressed with tho congregation of H Clarence, which, according to Mr. Gordon's statement, con* S cisted of about sixty families of Highlanders, together with a 3 large number of other Presbyterians who were scattered along I™ the river banks for the distance of more than twenty miles. No ministerial supplies were, however, appointed. A call from tbo congregation of St. George's, Sydney, to tho Rev. William M'Intyrc, was laid upon tho tablo and rend. Tbo call was signed by twcoty-&ix; communicants and twenty adh rents. Tho presby tery instructed the clerk to acquaint tho clerk of the presbytery .?f Sydney and also the moderator of St. George's, that tho 23r-t instant was the day fixed upon to dispose of the cull, at tho Free Church, West Maitland. Akniversarv Regatta,— 'We have much plcasuroin drawing tho attcntiou of our readers to tho forthcoming Anniversary Regatta. The gentlemen to whom tho management of this national festival has been intrusted havo set to work in a manner worthy of imitation, and their cilorts, up to the present time, have been mo6t successful. The programme in the best we have teen for many years, and the prizes, we arc Informed, will be on the most liberal scale. Cap tain Pincl has kindly placed the services of his noble vessel, tbo Tiptrce, at the disposal of the committee S is flagship, and nothing will be overlooked that can, in any way, | conduce to the comfort and accommodation of those who may £ -become the gucuts sf-thc cominitltcc for the day. Ills Excellency I ' the Governor and suite will honor tho flngthip with their pre- ' Ifience, and it is intended by the committee to join in the wel come, which we trust will be general, to the All-England Eleven, by inviting than on board* There arc several new yachts for the * yacht race, in which tho committee have, we. think, wisely made an alteration of the course. Instead of sending the yachts round a boat of Botany, they are to round n boat off Mud Island, so that spectators at the Heads will be able to view the whole of tuo race. U , 'Wesley an Missionary SociF.TV.—Tho annual services ol' tho '31. Newtown branch of this society have just been held. On Sunday if last two sermons were preached ia the Newtown chapel by the 5 Rev. J. II. Royce, rcceutly from the Fiji Islands. On Monday ?Jg evening the annual publio meeting w as held, Mr. Thomas Holt, ~S M.L.A., occupying the chair. Tho attendance was exceedingly -1 numerous, the capacious chapel being tolerably well filled. After 9 devotional exercises, appropriate addresses were delivered by the jf chairman, by Mr. J. R. llonlding (who has recently returned i from a trip to the Islands), and t«c Revs. Messrs. Kent, Amos, if JCelynack, Royce, and Ironside ; also by a native teacher from ? 3 Tiji, -his speech being interpreted to the meeting by the llcv. Mr. 6 Royce. Much valuaolo and interesting information respecting Jg the spread of the gospel in different lands, especially in the Fiji, in tho Friendly, and other islands of Western Polynesia was II afforded in tho different addresses, Tho proceedings closed .3 shortly before ten o'clock, n collection being made to aid the funds of tho society as the congregation retired, 3S Bazaar.— Tho bazaar at the Botanic Gardens, in aid of the Iff fund for clearing ofl tho debt upon St. John's church, Darling -1; burst, closed on Saturday afternoon. Although the stalls were ?9 rather liberally patronised, and a largo amount of raffling took M place, * considerable quantity of articles remained undisposed of. M T2-e amount taken was about £300, which was generally con ?13 Eidpred satisfactory, although a larger sum had been calculated Ms on by the more sanguine friends of the cause. j| CouoNEu'a Inquest,— The City Coroner held an inquest at Cook's River on Friday last on the body of a woman named Maria % Discon, aged thirty-seven years. It appeared that the deceased, ?% who had lived with her husband, a carpenter, at Cook's River four 5 years, was naturally healthy, but had latterly been ailing, as was % supposed, from her intemperance in drink, Sbo had had no mc ig dical advice, but had been taking medicine on the advice of some ?f person described as a quack. On last Wednesday morning she 1 -was taken very ill, and soon afterwards became insensible, but if was very violent ; she gradually sank exhausted, and expired in the evening of the same day. A post mortem examination showed that she had died from disease brought oa by intemperance, and a verdict in accordance with this medical evidence was re turned. Coroner's Investigation.— The City Coroner examined several witnesses in his office, on Saturday, touching the cause of death of one Louisa Carroll, 0 child vfho died of croup on Friday lost. As the Coroner was of opinion, after hearing the witnesses, that there was nothing in the case demanding further enquiry, he did not empanel a jury. School of Ams Curse and Draught Club.— On Tuesday, the 7th instant, the above club held a meeting for the purpose of electing officers for the ensuing six months, the president in tho chair. The following gentlemen were elected as president, Mr. R. S. Adams ; as vice- president, Mr. J. 6. Carroll ; as com mitteemen, Messrs. Harvie, Cripps, Rowley, Meyers, Foskett, M'Cauley, and Wiley. The above gentlemen then elected Mr. llarvie to act as secretary and treasurer. After the usual votes of thanks to the president and the retiring officers the meeting broke up. Anniversary Regatta.—' The sale of the booths and stands in connection with the forthcoming regatta was submitted to com petition on Monday evening, in the long room, at Tatters ail's Hotel. From some unexplained cause, their appeared but very little desire ?to invest on the part of the publicans {amongst a number of wbom, it was supposed, a combination hod been formed to pre vent them realising beyond a certain amount), and the conse quence was that the whole were submitted in one lot, and pur chased by Mr. Mclhado for fifty-one guineas. Tub Mayor of Fahjiamatta.— Mr. Williams, tho mayor of Rarramattn, took the usual oaths as magistrate, ex officio, on the 10th instant, before the Chief Justice and Mr, Justice MUford. -1 Sir Alfred Stephen, who has frequently expressed his approval 4 of the present system of locnl municipal organisation, remarked 1 that he was pleased to find that the people of Farromatta had ? consented to be incorporated. i Accepted Tenders.— The following tenders have been accepted I by the Government : — Mr. John Goddard, for the erection of a ^ toll-house on the Glebe Island Bridge ; Messrs. H, P. Musson and f Co., for the construction of a landing-place, &c.;, for the powder i magazine, Goat Island ; Messrs. Everett and Co., for the erec ^ tion of a telegraph and post office at Mudgee ; Mr. William Kln | near, for the execution of certain alterations to the court-house at i Yass; Mr. John Earnshaw, for the supply of building stone at -1 Darlinghurst gaol, during the year 16G2. ,-§ Mr. James Campbell, formerly of Morpeth, has resigned his 4 commission as a Justice of the Peace, in consequence of his in 3 tended departure for Europe. I Sudden Death,— On the Oth instant, an inquest was held at the 5 Robin Hood, West Maitland, before the coroner, Mr. Thomson, on 'J the body of Helen Younguian, who died suddenly the previous M evening. From the evidence it appeared that the deccasni -| arrived in Maitland about a fortnight since, witn her husband and I two children, for the purpose of exhibiting one of the children I known as the 'Fat Girl.' For the past two months the de § crated had lead on intemperate lilc, and on Wednesday evening II retired to her room (appaiently in her usual health), about eight Cg o'clock, to lie down. About nine o'clock her husband went into ?M the room and found the deceased dead. Dr. Wigan was 6ent for, 3§ and found deceased on the floor, with her legs twisted beneath a 3 tofa bed, from which it is supposed she must have fallen. The jury returned a verdict of ' Died from previous habits of intern - J§ pemnce.' The deceased was the mother of eighteen children, 1 the youngest of whom Is only two months old.— Correspondent. H The Season.— During the week the weather has been cstrcme if 3y oppressive and unpleasant, with a prevalence of hot winds al :M most daily, rendering it even more unpleasant etilU The hottest .» day was y csterday, when the thermometer marked 99*2 degrees .3 in the shade. The effect of this is most painfully evident in the \- 4 stunted, burned up nature of the vegetation around the township. I The grasses, and the young grain crops which have not headed, | and potatoes seem nipped up with the hot winds. Water is very 1 scarce, and should the present drought continuo much longer, many of our sqnutters will have to forward their 6tock into the \- j neighbourhood of the Snowy mountains to secure a sufficiency of J feed* Last evening a heavy bush fire was raging in a W.S.W. direction from the township,— Mdnaro Mercury, i Destructive Flood.— 'Writing on the 7th instant, the Molong '« correspondent of the Bathurst Times gays : — The town and dis trict of Molong has been visited with one of the most disastrous floods that has ever been known. The visitation lent year, \- : although very injurious, was nothing to that which occurred on ^ the night of the 30lh ultimo. During tho dny the weather was delightful, but towards nightfall tho sky became overcast, and -j about nine o'clock the rain began to come down, accompanied by '1 thunder and lightning. Later on in the night tbo rain increased 3 to an alarming extent, literally descending in torrents so that long : ?'?j before raoraiug the creek overflowed its banks, and rushing im \- perilously along, carried away miles of fencing, and inundated 1 the flats on both sides, to the great damage of the growing j crops, many of which were utterly destroyed. Tho reserve in front of the Court-house became covered with water to the depth cf three or four feet, and in many Instances the ground floors of ~M the residences of our townsfolk were entirely submerged. At f Copper Hill 60iuc of the inhabitants were compelled to leave their 'v houses. Mr. Edward Barlow informs me he was in bed, and ''A was first made aware of the extent of the inundation on hearing ?'I the waterrushing through his house. Upon stepping out of bed he found the water lully two feet deep, which, in a very short ?' time, rose until the bed was covered. I am happy to say that no ^3 life has been lost, and although the damage doueto property is very considerable, it is a matter of thankfulness that no fatality has occurred. la 8vb-Commi6fioner CoorEiu— The charges which have been I brought against this gentleman have been under investigation during the greater portion of the past week, but what has been the result we are as yet unable to ascertain, Mr. Commissioner 'qS Griffin baring refused to permit a reporter to ho present.— Jfo- s aero Mercury. The Season and the Cnors.— Tho weather at Armidalc is TC1T dry and unusually hot. On Tuesday and Friday the liter !mometcr in the Express office indicated 8(S degrees, which is a more than ordinary maximum heat for New England. There was a little thuDdcr in the beginning of tbc week with a few drops of rain, and on Thursday evening heavy flashes of light ning were reflected from the Western sky, but Friday was cloud less, calm, ana without any appearance of a speedy change. The wheat is ripening rapidly, and there is already a brisk demand for reapers. The wheat crop, according to the best information, is very patchy. In odd places there is a crop as good as that of last year, while in others it is absolutely not worth mowing, much less reaping. The early and the late crops would appear to be the best, as a general rule, while those sown at a medium period have been the most unsuccessful this season.— Armidalc fc^j Express. flfl bcoNE, — The Maitland Mercury's correspondent writes:— Tho weather during the past week has been most distressingly hot, tho \ 5! «un burning up everything in ifs course. We have lma an occa ( rional thunder-squall with vivid lightning, In some measure clarifying the atmosphere, but accompanied by little or no rain, the want of which begins to be 6CTiously felt. What makes the I heat still more intense, is that bush-fires aro raging on tho moun tains both cast and west of the town, We trust a change may soon take place, or the vegetable kingdom— as far as Scone is con cerned—will bo extinct. The fruit- trees look pretty well, as also the vines ; but the fruit will not he of much account, owing to ripening too fast— that is to say, it will be of no size. Roddf.ry by a Carrier. — The other day tho chief constable of Murrurundi apprehended a man named Park, a carrier on the northern line of road, who resides at Quirindi, upon a ohargo of opening the cases and packages entrusted to him to deliver at 'i'amworlh, the property of Messrs. Cohen. Some two eases of gin had been drunk, a case of brandy also, and bales of goods havo . 3*2 Aecn suiec found upon the road. Mr. Thorpe found tho man f; m chunk, ond in the act of breaking into a fresh ease of grog. The KiS ?ropty bottles had been eavel'ully packed away in the cases as Ub ^7 , coVlcnts wrro. ffot rid of. Mr. Thorpe kept nn oyo upon Tatikf ana from certain words that dropped, ho sent a telegram tOjilnmwortli, and soon received a reply to apprehend tho man, jgjjgl who is now in the lockup. — Correspondent of the Maitland Met'' flS ^tNT10N AND Barbarous Cruelty.— A few days ago our jgjqH worthy townsman. Mr. Uawloy, purchased ahorse, mid placed i§ him lor the night in a etablo attached to Goldsby's buildings. On ISM (going to the stable the next morning Mr. Hawlcy discovered that Sgg hie horse hud been struck with mi axe, by which ono of the hind igjg o« the animal was all hut severed from his body. Tho horse pSgg was obliged to be 6hot, and removed from the place. Not the p?lj- slightest clue to the savage who perpetrated tho brutal act has as f ??'a! jet been discovered. It would he difficult to form a conjecture :' iS ®?f° Jnotive for so barbarous a deed. Mr. Uawlcy, as a ritircn and as a man, seems olmostincapablo of making aioo. Wo -§ tbo authorities will soon bo able to unravel tho secret.— Bathurst Tree Tress, Lfli Til e Harvest.— Tho harvest has now generally commenced | tRrosghout the district. It Is in nearly all cases above that f J*mcb was anticipated, and the wheat is in excellont condition, ' » ftere to bo some scarcity of labour,— Qoulburn . Jftrala, 1 II ll 