COUNTRY NEWS. ? ? Pimbi,ey'/) Anr.ivAL tr Cahcoab— Writing on the 8lh instant from Cucoar, our correspondent says :— Ycstetday afternoon, John Peialey, tbe noted bush ranger, was brought into town by several well-armed mounted troopers. They seem to have taken every precaution to prevent his escape or being rescued, of an attempt at which there was some talk. Nor were these precautions uncalled for. as bubtequent events have shown, as he made a desperate attempt to regain his freedom at a lock-up en route for this place, where it was found necessary to stop for the night. Shortly after Feisley's arrival he was brought before the Bench on a charge of wilful murder, and remanded till Wednesday next. He appeared very dejected, and for a time to have lost that dating spirit for which he has been so noted these years past, and which have made him a terror throughout the colony. When l'eisley appeared in Court the rain was descending in torrents, but that did not prevent nearly every inha bitant of the township from rushing to the Court to fet a glimpse at him. His late comrade Gardiner is, believe, robbing and plundering every person that he can come across, and it is to be hoped, for toe peace and safety of the lieges, that he ahto will shortly be in safe keeping, and out of the way of doing more harm for the remainder of his life. Gbaptou.— We have new* from the Clarence to the Uth instant. The Btrald'i correspondent wiites on that date as follows :-Our mem ber, Mr. Clark Irving, has juBt paid us a flying call, partly perhaps in anticipation of his in tended visit to England, and with a view to the reten tion of his seat during that time, partly to further his new scheme of a bishopric for Grafton and Armidale, and partly to cany away a noble collection of the birds, &c.;, of the Clarence and Richmond Rivers made for him by Mr. J. F. Wilcox, of Orafton. If report be true Mr. Irving intends to take this collection with him to the old country, in order to present it to the Carlisle Museum. I was favoured with a sight of it at Mr. 'Wilcox's yesterday. It contains many rare, curious, and even new species of the feathered deni zens, insects, and reptiles of our adjacent woods, and it will indeed make a valuable present for the purpose for which it is intended- Mr. Irving met his constituents on Saturday evening, the 8th instant, and was well received by them. The result of this meeting was the unanimous adoption of the annexed resolution : — 'That this meeting is of opinion that our member, Mr. Clark Irving, should retain his seat as representa tive of the Clarence and Richm6nd districts during his absence from the colony.' Very little else is here to mention from this place— what is there likely to be with the thermometer rising every afternoon to 100 degrees in the shade i In spite of the heat and drought, however, the corn in this rich, fertile land has kept itb green healthy look, and some of it is to be seen thirteen or fourteen feet high, with a full and well developed ?? cob,' and in all respects as pro mising as could be desired. With regard to weather, however, Sunday opened with 6teadv rain and a lower temperature, which continued neatly through out the day, and was truly welcome. The new building for the Joint Stock Bank, at the corner of Victoria-street, is already one story high, although it has been but a month or go in progress, and is all built of dressed stone, which the contractors, Messrs. French and IVray, have to bring to Grafton from a considerable distance. The new court-house recently opened, and the gaol just completed, were both built by the same firm, ana are great additions to the ap pearance of Grafton, and to its material improvement. Our ' Hospital fund,' which was started about three months ago, cow exceeds X200, a sum which speaks well for tbe philanthropy of the inhabitants of a new and, comparatively speaking, thinly populated district. Melancholy Suicide.— The Albury Banntr of 8th inBtant, has a full report of the lamentable death of Mr. William Pierce, late resident of that township, together with the evidence taken at the inquest. We give an abridgement as follows :— Quite a gloom was cast over this town on Thursday last when it became noised abroad that ' old Mr. Pierce,' as he was familiarly called, had committed suicide in the Albury cemetery, by the grave of his Ben. It was known through the town that he had been missing to his family during the previous day, and it was thought not improbable that he might have suffered fatally from sun.stroke; but the general public were altogether surprised to learn that he had cometotucha melancholy end. After active search had been made both on the night previous and during the forenoon of the following day, he was ultimately found by a laeaiber of his family at the spot alluded to, — lying close on to the grave, with one arm resting on it, and the hand of the other across his breaBt. The features were not much changed, and it is therefore inferred that death must have been immediate and without pain. The thort letter left by the deceased is expressive enough, and there can be no question but that these two sor rows- the death of hiB son, and hie pecuniary embar. rasements — had so preyed upon his mind as to weaken his reason and to justify the verdict of 'temporary insanity '—notwithstanding that apparent soundness of mind which, according to the evidence, seemed to mark his doting acts, manner, and conversation. The deepest ejmpwhy is felt on behslf of the deceased's widow, who, in the decline of life, is left to do battle with those trials and difficulties that out-mastered her unfortunate husband. The following is the letter alluded to in the evidence : — ' Albury, February Gtk, 1802.— Disappointed in all monetary tmn&uctioDn.; llnvu been crazed by applications for the same thifi Ian few vecta, until driven to desperation. Condole with uij- vifo; bur}' me with my son, U all asked for by Will*. Bush Fiheb. — On all Bides of us bush fires appear to be raging, and at night the glare of these conflagra tions has rather a fine effect, reminding one strongly of the English night-scenes in the neighbourhoods of Dudley and Wolverhampton. We have not learnt that any damage has as yet been done by those bush fireB to the settlers. In this respect we are more favoured than some of the districts in Victoria, where tfce destruction of agricultural property to a large ex tent, and in some instances tbe loss of life, have been among the sad consequences of the bush-fires that are so frequent at this season of the year, and the prevent tion of which appears to be beyond our powers an ingenuity. — Goutburn Chronicle. Lost and Found.— The Molong' correspondent of the Balhunt Times writes:— Mr. John Davis, chief constable of this district, having received information from Mr. 11. J. Barton, that an old man had been found in a hut, about five miles from Boree, proceeded to make inquiry into tile case. It appear* that a return digger from the Lachlao gold-6eld, who had missed his way, after some time came up to an old sheep station but, the property of Mr. John Smith, on entering which he heard a noise like the hard breathing of a man startled, he turned round, and looked into the bedroom, where he beheld the figure ofaepare old man, whoso anatomy resembled, more than anything else, that of a fcaboon. His beard was grizzled, ana on his head he wore a long variegated nightcap. The stranger asked him how he cams there. He said he had been there for nine days without any food ! For the first six days he was just able to go down to the creek for water, which is about; 200 yards bom the hut; but tho but three days he had not been able to get out of bed, or rattier off the sheet of bark. The place was abont a mile from the road side. The digger at once left for Boree, and informed -Mr. Barton what he had men. The young ladies of Mr. Barton's family started to the hut, and found the old man as described; they gave him a little wine and water, . and made him some tea. Next morning Mr. Davis arrived at the hut, and fouBd the poor old man in an exhausted state. He was put on a dray provided for the purpose by Mr. Barton, and brought into Molong, where, as there is no appropriate asylum in the town, ho was put in tho lock-up, and he.is now lying in a very emaciated state — a truly deplorable object Ills name is Joseph Parker, but he is better known as Doctor Parker, and is about 68 years of fee. Fiue at Noo-Noo-Wa Station.— we loam with regret that a destructive fire broko out at the station of Mr. B. Dundee, Mog-nog-wa, near Myrtioford, a few days since, which totally destroyed the house formerly occupied by Mr. Dundas as a residence, some outbuildings, and a portion of the present dwelling, together with a largo quantity of har ness, farm Smplements, subb, furniture, &c.; It appears that Mr. Dundas and his family had retired for the night only a short time, when they wore alarmed by tho roaring of the flumes, and the crackling of the burning timber , ? and on rushing out perceiving the old dwelling- house, which stands apart from the other buildings, one mass of flames, Every effort was ot onco made to stay the furtlior progress of the fire, or at least confine it to the burning building, but this was found to bo impossible. Tho build ing in which it originated was soon totally consumed,' and those noar it shared a similar fate in a very short time. The efforts of the party were now directed to the Baving of tho dwelh'nc-house, which is a largo Bhingled building. Tho flames had, however, enveloped a portion of this, and it now appeared that nothing short of a miracle coHld cave anything in tho shape of property in the homostood from becoming involved in (he general destruction. Water was, however, brought from the neighbouring river in large quantities when the firo had reached this pitch, and the ex ertions of the men being more systematically directod, the flame* were gradually checked, and ultimately extin guished, before any very serious damage had been done t» the main building. Mr. Dundas is, of course, a consider able sufferer by & fin, although we hnvo-not yet heard ths amount at which he estimates htB loss. The origin of the fire is involved in mystery. A person belonging to one of the neighbouring stations had been in the bouse where the fire first broke out only a short time previously, and it is supposed he must have been tho unintentional cause of it from perhaps dropping a lighted match or a piece of burn paper, ing— Ovem and&twray; Advertiser, Dr.ATii moil ah Ovkudobb op Moei-bia.— In our inucof Wednesday but we reported the sudden death of Mr. Frederick Muller, barber, of Crown Flat, Aralusn,aud a great many rumours having got about, Dr. Uoonngton, as coroner of the district, dewned it his duty to hold an in quest on the body, which was done on Tuesday, at Mr. ScanUcbury's, Koso and Crown Hotel. After hearing evi dence at peat length, the jury returned the following ver dict:— 'That thedeceoBMl Frederick Muller camn to hit death by an overdoeo of morphia prescribed by Dr. Kud hcad. They also Lolievo from the modicai testimony that the deceased was in a verv advanced singe of disease. The jury arc nleo ol opinion that Dr. Redhead is deeply censur able in allowing medicine to be made up aim hunt rtway from his dispensary without written direction* 86 to how sucb medicine* should be taken.'— BraidwooA Dispatch. Anothkb Attempt to Bueak out of the Mudgf.k Lock-ui'.— On Saturday, the prinonere convicted at tho Quarter Semens, made a. daring attempt to break out of the lock-up, and would have effected their end had not Al/rtd Jackson informed the police of their intentions. Tttf tad by some means sot possession of a small auger, and were busily engaged boring holes for the purpose or removing Uie lining ot the cell, after the same manner that Urovn was puBpected doing ft. few weeks fince. As Boon as the prisoners lenmt that Jnckson had informed againft thorn, Ihey wcreer) enraged, that had he not been removed, the consequences would have been serious. Jackson has pince been confined in a separate cell. The whole or the prisoners have declared their intention not w walk to Sydney.— Wcsterti Post. 6n\cLRTON,— During the last few days vo have been vieilcd with thunder e bowere of tho modi jf fiwbing charac ter, theugh intermingled with periods of excesnive heat. While we write tho thermometer is 100 degrees Farennoit. Our prospects for tho muizc crop are good, and tor winter potatoes and all kinds of winter vegotables, we could not bn better. At one lime the rain fell in torretts, leaving the streets, excepting Uie main road, in a dreadful state. The freo selections this week have been : — In tho county of Durham, parith of Dyring, 40 and 60 acres ; in the eounty of Hunter, parish of Lemington, 80 acres; same county, pariah unnamed, 200 and 40 acres. — Singleton Timts, Fob suBry 8, The Com, or Illawarba.— We have been visited during the week by Mr. Beaumont, mining engineer, from Newcastle, who 'was sent down by the Government Examiner of Coal Fields to inspect the mines of this dis trict. Wo beliove Mr. Beaumont epeakb highly both as regard's tbe quality and PBBv- pettuig of lho Mount Keira and Bellombi coale.— lllmmrra Express. Buave&y; Bewaudki).— On Friday night a number of persona assembled at Mr. Davis', Harp Inn, for the pur pose of witnttpinp: Uie presentation of a medal to Mr. Kdward Henry Williams, commemorative of Mb intrepidity and noble conduct in plucfriug, on tho 26th of August, in tic darkness of the night, into the harbour of Wollongonp, for «ho purpose of rtecuinp Mr. Frank Hilson. a pas senger by the Clyde bout, from death. Through tbe exertions of Mr. F. Bempill, a purse of monpy had been subscribed for, and presented to Wr. WilliamB, shortly after the occurrence ; hut. Mr. Davis mid n few friends wifhed him to have r more tndurine mark of reepect, and accordingly subscribed and iiurchoFed a medal. The pre sentation wob made by Mr. William Faircloth Lloyd, who referred in highly laudatory terms to the circumstances which bad colled' them together. Mr. Williams returned thnuliB : be f aid tbe s ervicc be had been eo amply rewarded for was done under the impub-o of the moment, and a similar service would willingly be rendered by him to any one who might stand in need of it. The medal is very chart* ly pot up by Mr, Felton, of Sydney, and consists of a rcliLd flet plate of poliphed silver, surrounded Ly a cordtd ring of iroBtcd silver with a life-buoy ond an anchor at top ; at the one side ie a representation ot a eteamer jutt arriving nt a vharf in a hnrbour, and on the other an inscription fctting forth the deed lor which it had buen iireseated.— lllawarra Jirprcss. Cultivation of uir. Sun-flower.— To produce this plant (lielioDthus, annual sunflower) in perfection, there is required a light rich soil, ob unshadowed by trees nspossible. Tbe earlier the ued can be got into tile ground the better, ray the end of September or the beginning of October, as the crop will be ready to harvest tile latter part of Febru ary, which will be the greatest importance to growers. The necessary quantity of seed required for an acre depends on the condition of the soil, and varies from four pounds to £ve pounds ; but of course it is desirable to bow a little more than is actually wanted, to provide agauu\t accidents. The seed should be drilledinto the ground, and the distance from row to row eighteen inches ; the plants to be thinned out lo thirty indite from plant to plant, and the number of plants at thin diotunce would be about 14,600 per acre ; at eighteen inches from riant to plant, 25,000 per acre ; end at twelve inches from plant to plant, 32,000. Tne produce of tbie lind of grain, like that of most others, varies considerably, according to the state of tho 69il, climate, and the cultivation that is employed ; but the average quantity of seed in about fifty bushels per acre. Thie will produce fifty gallons of oil, and of oil-cake 1500 pounds. The etfilke, when burnt for alkali, give ten hun dredweight of potash. The seed forms a most excellent and convenient food for poultry, and it is only necessary to cut ofl the heads of the plants when ripe, tie them in liunch«-, and hang them up in a dry situation, to be used as wanted. They not only fatten every kind of noultry, tut greatly increase the quantity of eggs they lav. ' When cultivated to a considerable extent, they are also capital food for eheep and pigs. Tho leaves, when dried, form good fodder for cattle. When the flower is in bloom it is most attractive to bees. — Armi&aU; Express. Violent Stohm —About noon on Tuesday last a most violent storm oi wind, thunder, lightning, aid ram visited this locality. For the few days previous the weather hod been very sultry, the thermometer ranging from SB' to 96' in the shade, and on Wednesday morning there was crary appearance of a storm brewing. About one o'clock distant peals of thunder were beard, and as they became more audible lightning grew vivid ; the wind then began to blow, increasing in fury until it blew a perfect hurricane. The rain descended in torrente, and what with the fury and raging of the storm all business for a time was suspended, shingles flew into the air like bits of paper, sheets of bark and galvanized iron followed, straddles were lifted off housetops, frail chimneys were levelled, branched, limbs, and even trees succumbed to the raging element. This continued for about an hour when it gradually abated. The effects of this storm are visible in the Gadara Forest, where timber obstiucts the main thoroughfare to such an extent that vehicles with difficulty get along. In this town, a post at the rear of Mr. Davison's was shattered by lightning, end the gable end of Mr. Shnokel's brick house partially blown in. Tbe telegraph wire was broken near lumat by the falling of a tree, and nur station master has been out repairing the down line since Wednesday. With the exception of sundry pieces of tin and bark, and a lew shingles, no etiar damage to property was sustained. At Adelong the business at the court was suspended, and in one hotel it became bo dark that candles were actually lighted for the boarders to see to dine with. Since that day the weather has again become very warm, and yesterday the thermometer registered ninety degrees with an occasional cool breeze. — ffrynyard Times. Providential Escavjj, — On Wednesday evening, a little before six o'clock, during the most vielent part of the thunderstorm, a crash of thunder, accompanied by, as it seemed, a sheet of name, burst over Campbell's Hill. The men in Mr. Boggs' shop were completely stunned ; one of them fell backwards to the fire, but escaped injury. The children also were struck down in the verandah, as if paralysed. In Mrs. Bailey's house, close by, the children were also knocked down by the fierceness of the shock. The youngest was taken tip apparently lifeless, and his fact black. The whole of the family fled from the house to a neighbour's, and Mrs.jBailey eaw before her the whole of tho house, as she thought, on fire. There was a strong smell of sulphur, with a suffocating sensation. The child afterwards recovered, but appeared confused and dull. When the hurricane had partly ceased Mr. B. and the msn went to examine the house. Tbe lightning had entered by the chimney and bad come through the upper part, tearing away tbe angle ; the chairs and mantlepiece were broken and splintered to atoms ; the plaster was scattered through the house in every direction ; complete havoc was made of the paper on the walls, it was scorched also by fire. A large dock appeared to have received the full shock of this fearful and mysterious power; it was completely smashed, and the shattered frame was thrown from where it stood into the table in the middle of uus room, but the works, weights, &c;, were battered against the waU, fiat as a sheet of paper, the front room where the lighting entered was a thorough wreck, and a heavy slab in the end of the building near the chimney was split and splintered like matchwood. What is very remarkable was the escape of Mrs. B. and children. In the front room, where the lightning entered, and not two minutes before it did enter, all the family were gathered. The rain, however, beating in at the door, oaused them to shut it. They th-m went to the lack room, and were hardly there when the house was struck. No human power could1 have saved any of them had they remained in the front room, for the lightning appeared to have passed all over, and through the room with appalling effect. With the greatest emphasis and truli, the escape of the family from a fearful death may be tailed a merciful interposition of tho Almighty.— Mait- laitd Ensign. Accident fiiom Lightnikg — On Thursday morning last, during the thunderstorm, Mr. P. Mackel, the tela graph operator at Borrima, was reading off some message from his tape, and inadvertently placed his hand upon the instrument Suddenly he was swept to the other side ef the office, conscious only of a burning pain in the lireast. On trying to mere, lie found that his legs also were eom pletdy paralysed. On Friday ho had partially recovered iron: the effects of the stroke, but as a remarkable circuui Etanco, mentions that tbe veins in his chest and arms, have cbsigcd their colour from blue to a bright red, and now appear as if they bad actually been painted. The fact peeniE a curious one, and well worth noting ? Goulburn Chrurick. The Goui.iiuitN Poi.icr ano thb Nf.w Act.— The whole of thoGoulbum police force have signified theirwish to continue in the force under ite now constitution. It is probable, however, that neither here or elsewhere will the present members of the polios force, be received under the new Act, without some scrutiny into their past character and services. The necessity for ' weeding?' is apparent enough, even to those who are not supposed to bo intimately acquainted with the efficiency of ths respective members of the present force, and there can be no doubt, that a wide, dis cretion will be permitted to the Inspector-General in this frail enrolment of his men, whether in the patrol or the foot polios. It is to be Hoped that it will be judioiously and at the sane time searchingly exorcised. Mr. M'Lerie is expected hen next week, and his visit, we presume, has some con nexion with, those changes about to be made in tin force.— C/umicle, - vViii'.ATAND Flouk.— As we predicted, tte price of wheat has receded to from 4s. to 4s. Cd., and nnne but iiiTt-clufcF Munplcs will obtain these prices. Flour has fallen to £16 for fine, and £14 for seconds. Itwuanotte beexprctrtlUiBtwitfia limited and over-glutted market, coupled with a new crop, about up to nn average, that the raw material could maintain its rcocnt price. Tho Bathurst caper* -i hi intumt, represent wheat to be 7s. to 7s. 3d. in ihat difctrict, and flour £20 to £18. We do not antioipato thnt these prices will bo maintained1, art the market thore is quite as limited at in tliiF neighbourhood.— Yass Conner. Suj'rosiiD iKcr.NDiAHY.— A flro took place on Saturday evcring last, at Mr. Richard Kelly, junior's, farm at tho Point, whereby a hav-ptack, containing some six hundred buthelN was 'totally' destroyed. It is pretty conadenUy BBserti-d to lie the work of an incendiary, though it is con sidered very unlikely that the fact will ever bo brought homo to Urn iierpe1rator- This is the second loss by firo (hat Mr. Kelly W sustained in a very short time, the pre vious one being the consequence of a bush fire, which destroyed a fctack having about tho same quantity as the one burnt on Saturday lafA.—AIiuri/ Banner. MvuuuiuiKUi, February 4.— A correspondent of the TamKorth Exaniiiifi; writing to that journal, wiys : — The late copious rains have freshened parched vegetation, and tho corn crops now promise to yield a return to tho growers, nnd may partially mnfce up for the late failure in tho wheat crop During a fair season, the quantity of wheat grown in the valley of the Pago averaged from 12,000 to 14,000 bohcK but I hip season (he yields will not exeeod 3000 to 4000 bushels. This failure' will tell sadly against settlers, Ftorekeepere, inillere, and every person engaged in buFioeM-. ACCIDKNT AT THE TKLP.OIIAPII OniCE. DENILIO.U1N. —In the forenoon of Wednesday, while Mr. Boattie, the Mntionmaster, and Mr. Scott, the lineman, were in tho act ol lifting a carboy of sulphuric add on to a tablo for tho purpose of ?wiUiorawiiig some of the contents, tho vessel suddenly broke, emptying the acid over them, and severely Inn ning both. Mr. Scott imprudently ran into a lagoon nenrthe river— a proceeding calculated to aggravate the mischief; but both he and Mr. Beattie, who seems to have n:fleri.il most eevcrelv, are, we are glad to say, progressing faveumblv under medical core, although confined to bod, and likely to be unfit for their duties for some time to come. The interruption to telegraphic communication through diis occurrence lac been but of short duration; Mr. Beattie's Kilicitudc on thie head having urged him to get the wires extended to bis bedroom, from which place he transmitted mei-finprs — Tnstofal Jiwes. TliK MAITI.AKD AKD MORPETH ElI-LE SHOOTING Guouki). — Government, through Captain Close, has granted the ui-e of that portion of the East Maitland Kescrve in which tho burts nro erected, »nd sufficient priunrt in connection with it to uerve as a shooting ground for the Maitland and Mnrperh Company. The piece if Una in quo-tiou in 1000 yards long by 10D feet wide.— Mercury of yfsttrdtnj. Hunter Kivr.n Akiuci'lti-iml and Horticultural Society. — The monthly meeting of the committee of this society mis held at. the jforlhumberlaod Hotel, on Thurs day aiternoon, at three o'clock, Mr. A. J. Doyle, tho vice presideur, in (lie choir. Tho minutes of tho foimet meeting were mud and confirmed. Mr. Wyndham stated that he had culled upon the Minister for Lands, when lie was iu Sj dney, and thut he was told the society might have any lit'nd they applied for belonging to Government in Ike nc ighloiifhood. Mr. Vindin and tho Chairman Raid that them was no Government land near West Maitland, but there vas souio in East Maitland. Mr. Wyndham staled fuitlier that the Secretary for Lands had, told him that they need not expect any pecuniary ntsisthECC Ilr. Kainby was glad to hear that the Govern ment were favourably disposed. Two blocks of lond would be required for the purposes of the society, one for holding tho riiowF, and another, fay of thirty or forty acres, for a model farm. He thought a committee should be appointed to apply to Government for tho two blocks. Mr. Wynd ham wiid ho had asked Mr. Robertson if they could change the land granted by Government for another piece, but in reply he eaid ' No. so.' The chairman thought that the Government should give money grants to encourage sucb societies, as was done in Victoria. Some conversation then took place in regard to the cups that it had been decided to give as prizeB, and also in regard to the medals, Mr Wyndham submitted to the meeting a drawing of a three pound cup shaped like a champagne glass, and a one pound silver medal from Messrs. Hardy, Brothers, cf Sydney, Mr. Vindin then proposed that ' Mr. Wyndham be empowered to procure ten of the neatest caps he could get.' This proposition was seconded by Mr. Bowden, and carried unanimously. Mr. Wyndham was also instructed to obtain designs of two pound medals. It was proposed by Mr Peck, seconded by Mr, Scobie, and carried unanimously, that ' Wednesday, March 2Gth, be the day fixed for the ploughing match.' Mr. Goodall said he hod seen Mr. Reynolds, who had requested him to apologise for his absence, and desired him to euggeBt to the committee that the ihow should be held in the first week of April. After eotae conversation on the subject, it was moved by Mr. Vindin, seconded bv Mr. Peck, and carried, that ' the show be held on Wednesday, April 16th.' A letter was read from Mr. Borthwick, resigning his office as a member of committee, owing to his being unable to attend to the duties ef it. The chairman after reading the letter re marked that Mr. Borthwick had acted very properly in the matter : if any member of committee could not attend to hi6 duties, he ought to resign. There were other members who ought to take the hint, and act as Mr. Borth wick had done. Other gentlemen expressed them selves to the effect that members who could not attend tho meetings should resign ; and, on the motion of Mr. Goodall, seconded by Mr. Ncinby, Mr. Borthwick' s resignation was accepted, the meeting regretting at the same time that that gcntlemoi^s oUier duties necessitated the step be had taken. On the motion of Mr. Vindin, ffcended by Mr. Bou-den, Messrs. Miller. Atkinson, and Scobie were Appointed a tub-committee to procure ground for tbe ploughing match, and to report at next meeting. It was suggested that Uie land selected should not be tough. It was neit proposed by Mr. Scobie, seconded by Mr. Bow den, ond carried, that ' Messrs. Doyle, Vindin, Goodall, and Nainbybe appointed a sub-committee to procure a proper site for the show.1' Mr. Wyndham snggestedthatthe Secretary should leave pamphlets at the principal places in the town, and also that the names of additional members should be published up to date Mr. Goodall having stated that no one had 1 seen appointed to collect the money for the ad vertisements in the pamphlets, Mr. Vinnin proposed that Mr. Goodall should be empowered to do to that a fair allow ance i-hould be made to hiin for his trouble. This proposi tion was also carried unanimously. The accounts of Mr. Thoruns, of the Ei}sign, and of the Mercury, were laid liefure the ineeliog by the Secretary, and ordered to be paid. The Secretary stated, in answer to a question put by the chairman, that the subscriptions ' were corning in steadily.' The meeting then separated. — Ensign. Flood in the Macquaiue. — The Wellington corre spondent of the Sathurst Times says:— On the 22nd ultimo, about noon, a rapid rise took place and continued until, seven p.m. The river had risen twelve feet, and at noon ob Thursday had attained the height of about eighteen feet above ite usual level, backing up the waters of the Bell to a considerable height. Trees of great size, fencing in quan tities, pumpkins, melons, end live animals cainedowuon the bosom of the torrent. The ferryman's occupation, as may be imagined, was gone for the time, the only persons venturing across being Messrs. Dunlop and Perkins. The riEC in the river was unusually rapid, and the fall about as rapid. The mail between Montefiores and Sydney got lost while being conveyed across, although one of tho contrac tors took the greatest paws to place all the bags safely on board the boat, having, with commendable forethought, sent the coach on during the early part of the day to receive the mails on their arrival on the other side. Captuhe of an Escaped Pbisoneb,— In our issue of the 22nd ultimo we quoted from the Alburn Banner an account of the escape of a prisoner from the look-up there, named Dr. Thome alias Robertson, charged with forgery, A correspondent, who lives in the neighbourhood of Ade long, writes to us as follows, from which, it will be seen that the fugitive has been captured, after the perpetration of a few more frauds in addition to that for which he was originally in custody : — ' On Sunday afternoon, January 26th, a well dressed man called at the Mount Adder sta tion and stated that he had lost his horse, saddle, and bridle, together with all his money and cheque-book. After partaking of sonic refreshment, he bargained with a man named James Nicholls for the purchase of a mare for £10, and with Mr. Dunn for a horse for £21, giving cheques in payment signed William Faithful, which were taken by the parties without any sus picion, but which when presented at the bank it was found ihat no such person kept en account there, Nicholls im mediately started for Gundagai, and on reaching Willlamn'a Hotel, at Adelong crossing-place, found his mare, which had been left in security for £1, the landlord, with a litUe more caution than he had shown in dealing with tile stranger, having refused to take any of his cheques. After telling the landlord sot to givo up the maro to any one, Micholls borrowed a fresh horse at my place, and proceeded to Gundagai, which he reached just in time to catch the gentleman he was in pursuit of as he was about to start, attired in a suit of clothes which he had procured at Mr. BusEon's, and for which he had paid with a chejao for £7. Bo was, of course, immediately given into oustody, taken before the police magistrate, and committed for trial at the next quarter sessions. On the day after his committal, he was churned by two of the patrol as their prisoner, proving to be the Dr. Thome, alias Robertson, who had lately es caped from the Albury gaol.' — Goulburn Chronicle. Death by Lightning.— Last woek brought forth another of those melancholy events which unfortunately are of too common occurrence in this district. On Wednes day lost, Mr. Jonathan Regent, a farmer, residing on Tumut Plains, left home in the morningto look after some cattle, intimating to his wife his intention of being back in tho evening. Evening came, howevor, bnt not poor Regent, and he being a man of very regular and punctual habits, his wife and family became alarmed at his protracted absence. On the following moraine, the neighbours instituted a search, which resulted, about three o'clock on Friday afternoon, in the finding of Regent and his horse, both dead abont six mkos from his residence, under a tree which hod been struck by lightning. It is, therefore, conjectured that he had takon shelter under this tree during the storm that prevailed on Wednesday aitemoos, and Sad been struck down by ths electric fluid. Death, both to himself and his horaa, must have been instantaneous; indeed, there could have been no struggle, as one of Regent's feet still remained in the stirrup, His corpse was. brought home and interred, in ths Churoh of England cemetery onSaturdayatnoon, a large number of persons testifying their respect for the deceased by following his remains to their last resting-place,- Wynyari 2Y»K*. . Free Sr.i.iiin ion. — ihcGoulhwn Herald ot 6th instant, says-— The anxiety for taking advantage of ths provisions of tho new land law continues unabated. Yesterday fifteen, applications wore received and conipliod with at the Goul burn land o/liie, -«uiprising is all about S00 acres. Most of tho applicant.'- bad availed thoiirnolves of tie services of surveyors— u iourw which saves much trouble, and is cal culated to ensure accuracy and intelligibility in the (Inscrip tions of the land applied for. This makes about c-ue hun dred and forty opi'licationt that have been complied with in this district 'since the now regulations camo into foroo. About, eleven thoupand acres of land have boon thus taken up. The llraidu-ood Dispatch of tho same date Btatoa that the following applications for land under tho new Act wore made to the land agent on Tuesday : — George Frodenok Taylor for sixty acres, at Little Bombay ; Michael Butler for eixty acrte, on the Fairy Meadow Creek, about half a mile from Kinu l'Jal. and noar the Boio and Braidwood Boad; Lucy Bent for forty acres, at Big Bombay — The 1'ass Courier of 8th instant says :— The following era the particulars of land soiected on Tuesday last, under the provisions of conditional purchase, together with tho names of the selectors :— Patrick Scanlao, Mumniell. 73 ncres, at Hume's Creek, near A. Turner's. John O'Donnell. Murrumbidgee, 100 acres, at south bank of Murrumbidgee, about 40 chains oast of Calvert'e 100 acres on the river. Alexander Shaw, Yass, 100 acres, at south bank of Murrumbidgee, about 60 chains east of Biley's 10,000, county Cowley. William Potts, Fish River, 49 acres near the head of Cutlariu Creek, five miles from Gunning. Matthew Grieves, liango Creek, 40 acres, at Bango Creek, near yass. Patrick Duffy, Murrumbidgee, 80 aorea, at Murrumliidgee, near M'UuIIhbi's station, opposite Hind's 49 acres. John Hawkins, Boambolo, 100 acres, at cross road to Bonuibolo, about SO chains south of Horrigan's 284 acres at the Springs. James Duffy, Murrumbidgee, 150 acres, Mumuubidgto River, on tho Taomas run about 15 chains south of M'UaJlum's, late North's, 724 acres. Total number of acres selected, 083. Total amount of deposits, £170 16b,— The Albury Sanner of 6th instant aays:— A clean hill was returned again for yesterday. What will tho 'Hon. Jack' think of us?— Tho Wynyard Times states that, at tho Land offloe on Tuesday last, 60 acres near the Tumut punt was taken up under tho present Aot by George Johnson, and 167 acr«s 1 rood, at KUIimicat by Frank Nixon.— The lltaidimod Dispatch says :— A now phase in the scheme of free selection is now appearing. Some few of the selector)? putting a very wide Latitude on the Govern ment instjuctifiu., respecting 'temporary snrvey,' have interpreted it to wan ?? no survey at all,' and have put in. applications for lund before they have ever been upon it, stating that it it uc-ar such and Buch a place ; the conse quence of which will be, that the surveyors will never bo ablo to find the Fpot indicated where there may chance to Lo one or two applicants for the same place. In one in stance, we believe, rhrco applications were received for tho same spot ; in imoilu r the selector, who had never either surveyed or looked Ht his land before ho put in the applica tion, found, on jiuing to see it, that another had already surveyed, applied lor, and taken possession of it How the disputants will --B!.ile their claims wo do not know. We would, liowerci. -lr-iw their attention to that clause of the Land Act which makes temporary survey before applica tion an essential condition of selection. Another Cakk of Coach Stickino-up,— The Gtmlliirii ClreniiJe, oi Wtdnesday, relates abuut as cool ft piece of impudesce, in the sticking-up lino, as we have read of for some time. That journal says: — From the sergeant of the escort that orrived in town last night, we learn that Mr. Freeman'* cuuuh, which plies between the Lachlanand Burrangong. had been stuck-up on Saturday morning last. Mr. Freeman, himself; was the only passenger, and the robbers, alter having taken his money, compelled him for their amusement, to dance, to the music of a fiddle which was played by one of the gang. The musician who figured on the occasion, it reported to have been arrested at Litab inp Flat on Saturdny night. ? 