MORE NKW ZKAl AND EXPERIENCES The following anm«ifglv written letter from Mr. .Tames Vallcns, n Billnrat miner, lins been hnndtd 'o the TinUnrnt Sta>• by Mrs. Vallens for pu'iIicntioM. The li tter is dated, Kawara lliver, Xi-w Zetland. 71: Ocahcr, 1862:— I have a very 2 re.it deal to write to you about, and but very little time to do it in. C is cook. in;;, and if the man leaves hero in the morning' with the letters he will not be able to write in timo. There is no mail here, and all letters lnve to be for warded to town by private hands. It is almost im possible to give you an idea of the s'ate of tilings here; however, 1 will toll you of our tnrnp up. We brought on shore about. 20 lbs of tho good ship I-ightni.ig's biscuits, which did us good service. We stopped in Dunedin one day. We saw several people who had been up here and returned disgusted with the divings. ''hl\v tuUl us t\mt tb«rp w:u no ground to be had; that there was not the slightest chance of the divings extending; that there was no likely ground to prospect; that provisions were at f.unine prices; and, lastly, that the river had. risen and stopped all work, and everybody in consequence was leavingthe river. Crowds of Victorians were leaving for some new diggings 180 miles from Dunedin; but wo decided to come here. , I found 8; s partner, bat lie could not give mo any ,n.<?w4 of I) , so we .started on our journey" While passing through town, people(>vqrc surprised to1seq which way we were going, and advised. us4not to proceed, but on we went. The.first diiyHve,climbed ono of Ihe most frightful hills taver ascended^ ,itOn! tlie top some scores pf men Jwero working at road-! making. They had all been, o.h^the.i.Chitha >(,tHo name of the main river hero^.^n^'.'p^ngunbed.i.iVa! failure ; but still onward .wo,.pressed until, night,1 when we camped out for the firstjtfme.Next moriU ing we left the woods behind us] and liav^ nqveV. seen a tree since. The next , place , we mada .we, bought some bread at 2s Cd per' loaf, and beef at,is 3d peri lb. Our swags were about 40 lbs each. . We met,' lots of men coming down, who, grinned horribly at us! for going the way we were.r:(;,(b-^ is swp-ir,iiig| about the "johnnycakfl* lie canjt get them cooked,)! The road this day was very good, but wo:,had to) walk through, several creeks. • ,Wator-: verycold |jj weather fine ; hard frpst at^night. , JSto meat to-day.: Next day' we paid , 3s each for 'dinner—cojd ,b.oiled { mutton, bread an,d.tea. uj CA^ punished the mutton i sorely. ' He still .speaks (if tliat,'clinnor, as " jhe.j»lo-!. rious feed.'^No mo.ra'm?f£{h;if diyiK./A.t,night all hands wer«)-.engVg(/drtor." two .hours in .boiling the most bleakjantt.desolate . looking country imaginable—as. far. as the'eye can 'reach, nothing but rock and hill' and holes not a stick as h.irge as .ai,match):to.bo. seen. Next day travelling. was' desperate, over hiljs.alinost iinacqgssv ible. Our journey, was rendered worse by tlie, smiles of the returning diggers, which said as plainly,as possible, " Thosft,, chaps.are asses;'',,iJfhe. tales told us wore very discouraging ; but we wcVe;;rendered desperate, and determined to see the rivep it'.ey.en we had to return., the same day, which, appeared more than probable.,- This night camped at. the-font of a heart-breaking hill, called the rough ridge; pn:d 3s for a pound of.b i.cpn a^tl 3s for a small loaf. . Ate .the loaf for tea; and wanted morn (C—still swear ing about the Johnny; cakes). Next morning face.d the^big hill; a gale of wind right in our teeth. .Got a part' of the way up when it came on to ,s;iow, and continued for two, or three hours. We took refuge ; behind some rocks. Nothing to make a fire, with, i At night we reached an accommodation house, J Paid 7s for a small-pipce, of boiled beef. . \Ve;could hare faten it all at one meal. Saw a pouncl paid for 81b of- damper. . Camped out. In the morning, ' there was ice in our billy an inch thick. Had to .take i our trousers off to cross a' river;about 100 feet wide, j The wuter was frightfully 01)1(1, und we were almost ! powerless when we got through, lteached the Clu- j tha in the afternoon and camtied near a place called; Mutton Town, where everything was 2s Gd and 3s P"r pound : ship biscuit, 2s 0 I ; sugar, 3s {.salt, 3s ;. llour. 3s Od ; bread, 10s per loaf, and everything else equally dear. Oats for horse feed, £4 per bushel. No meat ; no tea now. Things are looking des perate—nothing hut ship biscuit and water. C put us on short allowance of that. Heard S was 25 miles up the river. Next morning started,,:, and walked the whole distance. One biscuit and ; two sardines a nv'al now ;—no tea. Could not find) D , but heard he was in the neighbornood. Next morning (Saturday) found him, and took u-j a claim, and commenced work immediately. C—:—sank the hole and I put up the tent. Sunday morning. ; ; Had to walk twenty miles to a township before we could buy any grub,'and carry it back^the same dis tance I accomplished that feat while C- went to k station for a sheqi. He took a rope to lead the sheep, but it was " no go." The mutton laid down, and C , getting vexed; laid down beside it... -He eventually fetched it to the .tent, and swears he will do without mutton rather than fetch another. My feet are very much blistered this morning. I cradled the dirt we got on Saturday, and C sank another hole. I washed the best of the dirt lie took nut, and the result of our first day's woi-k'in New Zealand was about ono ounce of gold. S——lent us tools, "ot us ground, anil did, in fact, all in his power for us. He is very much pleased at our success. C—— has just finished his "johnny cakes','"1;and is turning into bed. He is very tired, cind lias to be up very early in the morning. We'paid £2, for the sheep, which weighed, wiien cleaned, 23 lbs. A cradle costs from i.'t! to £0. Sawn timbers :3; selling for 5s per foot. A gin case was sold here foW il. I heard a man who kept an accommodation! house say he would give 4d for every pound weight of firewood any one would bring him. It is no use poople leaving Victoria for this place unless they have full purses, strong constitutions, and plenty of pluck. It cost £3 10s per week to live on mutton, damper, and tea, and no rest on Sunday, for we are harder worked on that day than any other of the week. Give my respects to the neighbors, and tell ihcm the river will not be down for three or four months. 1 am working in a small gully. The Book o.v Exploration —W/;en arc ive to have the long-promised narrative of the explor ing expedition ? It is surely time we heard some thing of it. The task was entrusted to a member of the Exploring Committee, now exactly twelve months ago. We Hope the matter is not going to be quietly shelved. An enterprising Lon.lon publishing firm thought the copyright of the papers connected with the expedition worth £1.000, and we feel sure they are worth, to us, a good deal more. We lalievc the gentleman who has undertaken the task is in every way cjnaMfic-d for it; wc are informed that he had the whole of the necessary document?, togeher with Becker's sketches—theinsehes sulll iently attractive to sell the hook—put into his hands ut an early date ; t:>at lie had loi-g interviews with King, for the purpose of elici'ing information in connection with the expedition; in f ict. had ev ry facility all irded Mm fi>r early imb!icat;on of the work. Then why this delay? We have been led to make these inquiries from seeing, among the lUt of London publications, the following, which pirs ns to shame:—"Just ready, will map and portrait post 8vo., cloth, (!s; Kobcrt OTIara IJurke, and the Australian Exploring Expedition of 1860. By Andrew Jackson. Smith, Elder and Co., Cornhili.''—Age. Hot Weather.—At Ararat, for several davs last wteic, the thermometer stood at ninety-five degrees in the shade; and bush-fires have been freqiunt on the Grampians. 'Weather of this kind is not usually telt in that elevated region before January is well advamc 1.— Death of a.vou> Civil Skkvant. —We regret to l ave to rccord the death by pneumonia o' Mr. Frederick Thomas Mylrea, d puty cominissnry general of the military forces stationed here. The deceased became a deputy ussis'ant commissary general in 1830, assistant commissary-general in 1839, and attained his present rank on 1st January. 185.5. lie was thus the senior of his rank, and stood- first among the deputy coih miasariaa cenerul hi tho Ai'nu/ LUL Ho fifty. nine years elfti=» 