BUSH FIRES. . (From the Ballarat Star, February 25.) IN Monday's Star we stated some particulars respecting the bushfire at Bullarook, that destroyed the mills of Messrs. Graves and Fraser. We now learn, that the mill was insured in the Melbourne Fire and Life Insur ance Office for the sum of £1200. Various rumours were afloat tbat the Messrs. Andersons' and other mills had been. destroyed, but there, is no truth in the state- ment. Several huts belonging to wood-splitters and small cultivators have been, however, burned. The fire spread with most extraordinary rapidity, and in its course swept onward towards Gordon, extending as far as the Moorabool on one side, a distance of some twenty miles, destroying about half a dozen huts in its passage. The Alliance Company, at Gordon, had great difficulty in saving their plant from the devouring element; but for- tunately they were assisted by several neighbours, and, the wind changing at the time, they succeeded in changing the course of the fire, which swept onward with alarm- ing rapidity. At Stieglitz and Mount Egerton we hear that great damage was done the crops of several farmers and their homesteads having been destroyed. Messrs. Biddle's mill, of Bullaroop, had a very narrow escape, and it required the energetic action of some fifty persons to save it from destruction. On Monday, the change in the wind had dispelled any fears that were entertained of these extensive bush fires extending, and late last even- ing there was a slight prospect of rain. The timber saw-mills of Mr. James Goldsmith, at the Springs, were also completely, burned down. The American Saw-mill, at Bullarook, was not injured, but a bridge leading thereto, which cost £300, was burned down, as well as a large portion of a tramway. Our Brown Hill correspondent sends us the follow- ing :-" The bush fire yesterday must have made great havoc among the settlers; the particulars of the loss of one of these I may relate. A young man named Spilman, who was recently married, purchased a few acres of land to settle upon in the neighbourhood of the Springs. He built himself a comfortable house; laid in a few months' supply of provisions, intending to leave his wife comfortable for a time; while he endeavoured to replenish his almost exhausted funds. He furnished the house, and finished the papering and tacking down of the carpet last Saturday night. He left his house on. Sunday ruoroiug with h\n wife to spend tho day with bis friends at Brown Hill, leaving, tbroagh forgetfulness his purse on the table, containing oil the money he bod, with bia watch. ; When, the,' returned home in. the evening-all was doalroyed. The dog waa burned on the chain, .and a 'lamb and goat- consumed in the stable. '.. Houee, furniture,'clothing, provisions, money, all had gono. His horse was loose iu the bush, sud may, be, for aught he knowe, burned also." - '' LINTON.-Tho bush 'fires,'yesterday (February 33); .were .fiercer, arid moro widely spread than I.have ever before Been tbrm; 'From ah early hour the'smoke 'was' to ba naen rising ,in evory'direction, and BB'it drew 'towards evening' tbe' f moko became'tbioker, while a ruddy glare spread,along the sky. The greatest foroo bf; tbe oonflíerationyeppeared towards Springdallah, and towards 'SmythesdiileJ ' On tho other Bide, ton'ardB tho Fiugjtaff bill, tbe fire waa not BO great. I walked towardu Carn- gham,' OB far - as * the dividing range, and 'found that tho whole' biiBb io tbat' direction WBB cn 'fire. ¿TbonVshda of trees were in every stage af combustion, whilo oooaeioDAlly ono would oorao down with a crash, und throw innumerable sparks. Altogether it . was a grand ond striking sight. ' In some places tba road was nearly Impassable. . To-day thore is still a groat olqud of smoke' banging'-over'tho ranges, bat il is not .by. any means so extendive ns ou tho prveioua day. ' SiivTHEBDAL,!:,-Bash Ores ere ravaging tho country in all directions, nud.it is feared tbat the far mois and dairy ownors of ibis dii-irict will auffor considerably, by thaîdeBlrubtive element. Tho oóut/try ia the diroation of Carngham and Lucky Woman's is almost obsaurod by tue densa volumes of smoke which; ascending, from tbo burning bush, bang over tbe scene of' conflagration. Everything bas a hot' and thirsty appearance; and pub- licans aro the only exception to tho general feeling of ennui and misery,'.. . . . -, : ' '. r ; . ¡ i. .-! ^FBOJt THE. KÍMETON ODSEnVBIt.]- , Sanday last was one of tbe hottest days tbat we haye yet had thia BOOBOU, tho thorinometer in tho. shade being upwordu of 110 deg.-, - The day itself ,wos,extremely un- pleasant; hot winda and clouds of duet blowing inces- santly through tho day, the dust .clouds ao fieroo and donBe as completely to obscure the eight. The bush woe on ' fire ' in alinoBt every direction around the town, and t altogether' it- WOB ono of , tho; most unpleasant 'days, we have. witnessed in Kyneton for a long, time. . When the sun went down on Sunday, evening, and the" shades of evening'! began to .gather, a, fire whlob bad been raging on Mount Maoedou throughout the day beaoroe. visible, and was a mOBt beautiful sight. Viewed from Kyra ou it looked like a town on fire, or rather with largo fires ut caoh side,. and- innumerable smaller onos dotted all over the oentre ; from a' greater height it bod tho oppearanoo of a large town lit by lamps, and with the exception of the'immense side fires, not un- like " Melbourne at a distance." > Seen from Woodend, thu eight was, if anything more magnificent, anti would bavo well. rtpMd aa artist's time to hove eketobed tho Boene. The mount seemed one mass of fire towards the top on the'.Gisborne side and narrowing clown to a small space whence it dipped Into a low ravine aalled tho " Devil'J Hole," around whioh it abed a larid light, li fliting up tba dense foreat for mileB around, and making every Iroa in the background stand oat'with bold dislinUneap. JTbe Boene baffles oil description and was certainly a splondld sight. To the.left of the lat ger flrn wai anothor, apparently io ne threo or foar mllea dis- tant, not visible from Woodend, etrelobing over the uock of . tbe mount on tho Lancefield s.do, ond dotted all around Kyneton were numerous fires of n similar description. ' The fire on the mount originated about a quarter of a mile above Shakespeare and CroB. ley's su^-mills, but fortunately wa believe did no damage to theirs or Hoffman and Bullock's mille, whioh are aleo situated in tho immediate vicinity of Aha fire. I Aa far as wo have yet boen ablo to learn, no loas of lifo or property, beyond tbe burning of tho timber, haB en- sued, but thè fire, we understood, far sarpaa^es anytbiog that tho oldest resident on the mount can remember, and certainly, none will readily forget it. 