MILITARY. There has just issued fro.-n tho Govern mer.t Prinling-office the following returns, ia riply to questioiisput by Mr. Lovoy 20.h Decem- ber last, for 1\. Tho correspondence, if any, between the local Government and the Imperial authorities, which resulted in tho dispatch lo this colony of iho battery of Royal Arillery now stationed ia Melbourne. 2\. Tho number of Her Majesty's troops of all DimB stationed in Victoria on December 1,1SGI, distinguishing the effectives from the non-efftc livcB. 3\. Tho pay and allowances granted by the colonial Government to the general commanding in-chief in tho Australian colonies, and themim bt-rs of his staff, showim: the QUOI, including allowances, received by each officer. . No. I. Hoad-quiirtcrs, Melbourne, 10th October, 1861. Sir,-In tho nbseneo of His Excolloncy tho Governor, I have the honour to forward, for jour information, copies of a communication I I ave received by this mail from the Hor.-.o GunrdB, noticing the embarkation of a battery cf the Royal Artillery, at Liverpool, on the 10th August, for Melbomno ; and ac their arrival may 1 e expected in tbo courso of a fortnight or three weeks, I bring this matter to the notico cf the Government without delay, in order that steps may bo taken for providing for the pay .iiid allowances of tliid body, and would again ergo upon the Government the expediency-and, ii deed, the necessity-of completing, without c'eJay, the whole of the officers' quarters at tho Princes Bridge Barracks, and tbo other half of tbe soldiers' barracks at the same place-a moa MU c which will ultimately tend to a great saving cf expense to the state. I would, also, again ] oint out tho necessity of a storekeeper being ippointed to take chame of tho ordnance and ether military stores, which are very valuable, rLct will shortly arrive. I havo the honour to be, air, Ycuiynost obedient servant, T. S. PRATT, Major-General Commanding. The Hon. the Chief Secretary, Melbourne. (Copies.) Horse Guards, S.W., 10th August, 1861. Sir,-I am commanded by His Royal Highness the General Commanding-in-Cbief, herewith to transmit for your information a return of tho embarkation at Liverpool on the 10th instant of No. 1 Battory, 15th Brigade, Royal Artillery, for Melbourne. I have, &0., (Signed) R. E, HERBKRT. Deputy Qiinrtor-Master- General, Major-General Sir T. S. Pratt, K.O.B., Commanding tho Troops, Melbourno. Embarkation Return of No. 1 Battery, 15th Brigade, Royal Artillery, for Melbourne. Horse Guards, 10th August, 1801. Embarked at Liverpool per Elizabeth Ann Bright, 10th August, 1861 ¡-Captain and Brevot Major, P. Dickson ; Second Captain, E, Purcell ; Lieutenant H. Noyes, Lieutenant F. W. Nind, Lieutenant A. Grubb, Assistant-Surgeon R. Story ; two captains, three lieutenants, one medical officer, seven sergeants, four corporals, four-bombardiers, 100 gunners, two trumpeters ; total, 120. Twenty women, eighteen children. (Signed) R. E. HERBERT, f Deputy Quarter-Master General. " Truo Copies." : Geo. Dean Pitt, Major, Assistant Military Secretary. ilnjor-Qeueral Sir T. S. Pratt, Commanding tho Troops, Melbourno. No. II. (Copy.) Downinc-strett, 3rd August, 18G1. Sir,-I communicated to the Secretary of bta-e for War your tlespa'ch, No. 1 (Military), c1 tbo 17th January last, and with reference to li »t part of it nhioh related to tho desire of ) cur Government to bave a company of artillery nut out to the^colony, I enclose, for your infor- mation, tho copy of a letter which has been re- ceived upon the subject from that department. I have the honour to be, sir, Your mest obediont humble eorvant, (Signed) NEWCASTLE, Governor Sir H. Barkly, K.CB., &c.; (Copy.) War Office, 31st July, 1861. Sir,-With reference to that portion of your loiter of the 7th May, which related to the appli tntion of the Govcinment of Victoiia to havo a company of tho Royal Artillery despatched to that colony, I am directed by tbo Secretary of State for War to acquaint you, for the informa- tion of the Duko of Nowoastle, that the necessary itepB aro being taken for complying with this re- quest, and that it is probable that the company will be ready for embarkation at an early date. Sir George Lewis presumes that tho vote taken in the Colonial Estimates for this sjrvioe is in- tended to cover the expenses of passage as well as tho pay and maintenance of tho company whilst atationed in the colony. I have, &o.;, (Signed) EDWARD LUGARD. Sir Frederick Rogers, Bart., &c.; Extracts from Despatches from nis Excellency Sir Henry Barkly to His Grace the Secretary of State 2lBt November, I860. " It will bo seen that in spite of the doubt whioh I expressed as to the succeBS of suoh an applica- tion, it is intended to recommend that the pay and allowances of a company of the Royal Artil- lery should bo voted, and that instrno ions have been already sent to Captain Clarke, R.E., to purchase all tho armaments for tho forces, na ad- vised by tho Defenco Commissioners, to be added to previous orders." 17th January, 18G1. " G. An item of £5,571 7s. 3d. has been put on for tho first time for tho allowances of tho small detachment of Engineers under Captain Scratch ley, and likewise tho sum of £6,000, calculated to cover six mouths' allowances to the company of Royal Arillcry, which it is hoped to obtain in the course of the yoar." No. III. Return of tho Number of Troops of nil arms stationed in Victoria on December 1, 1861, distinguishing tho effectives from the non effectives, s H ead-quarters staff-Effectives, 15. Royal .Artillery-Effectives, 114; non- effectives, 9 total, 123. Royal Engineers-Effeotivos, Ü0 ren-effeolives, 4; total, 24. 40th Foot-Efioo lives, 164 ; licn-effeotives, 46; total, 210. Tota cf all arms-Effectives, 313 ; non-effectives, 59 ; total, 372. Koto.-Under tho head of non-offeetives an included these in hospital, on furlough, and ¡r. confinement. ESTIMATES, -KAR 1802, USAD QDAIlTKn STAFF. Bates as per Btatomont of 1890. Major-general commanding Etputy adjutant-general .. Inincctor ol muiltotry ¿ni laut military secretaiy Aide de-camp Deputy commissary general Dcjuty assistant commis tarv-ROnorals (2) .. Deputy Inspector general of )-or pita's. SUIT surgeon Turvcyor of hojpltals .. Pon e)or's clerk i itrientcr of medicine btt.il chirk» (6) cirgeantmrjor (I) .. Deduct So por cent. Pay. 350 2S0 160 ISO 8,760 1 0 LARGE BUSH-FIRES were visible lasteveninf in tbo direction of Miner's Rest, Dowling Forost nid Warrenheip. Thoy havo been observed thest Irrt few etcnings, but not so distinctly as last i ight.-Ballarat Tribune, Feb. l8. WIKE TASTING.-A number of gentlemen ol Albury and its neighbourhood assembled yester ("ny afternoon, at Mr. Frnuenelder's, in order te lavo an opportunity of judging the qurjlily oi ici tain wines, They wore to try tho_ German, Californian, Victoii.an, and Albury winis. ¡ The Californian comprised specimens from Tnriou t oi to of that country, and wero tho best samples. 'J hoso from Germany had carried off tho piize at tho Exhibition. Tho Albury wine was considered i upurior to any of the othors in every rdspeot. v. ith regard to somo Albury wine whioh had bad a toyago to German) and back, this sample was i orsidered to eclipse all the others. Tho voyage led improved tho wine moro than a twofyears' (cllarago could possibly havo done. Tho colour «as mach darker, and the spirit of thowindmuch n ero vigorous. It had tho unfortunate quality, however, of not keeping ni crthocork was drawn. Great satisfaction was expressed at the result of tho " tasting" experiment, and it was fell; hy all that neither Califorrim nor German wines would ,\le able to conip« te -with ours, whatever the Vie I terian« might âo. The result of the "tasting irr'n" \? CK «l n «'-ii-r-iicment to our vignerons. \- Alltuy i'ai.hir, F-b. lo. ,1 f 