SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. The month has been unusually barren of topics, Parliament having been in recess, and few subjects of general in- terest having presented themselves. On Tuesday last, both Houses met for a few minutes, only, however, to adjourn again until Tuesday next, when some important measures will be proceeded with. The first of these is a bill for the creation of district councils, or, in other words, to confer powers of self-government on the country districts, to create shires, and generally to assimilate our local institu- tions as far as possible to those of the mother country. The bill is one of great length as well as importance. A mea- sure for the amendment of the acts affecting municipal corporations, which is scarcely inferior in interest, will be pressed upon the House at the same time. These bills will mainly engage the attention of Parliament for the re- mainder of the session. Mr. Duffy has given notice of his in- tention immediately to introduce a bill for the amendment of the Land Act, and Mr. Haines has intimated that he will bring in a measure to regulate the salary of future governors of this colony. The first of these bills will not deal with any of the main features of the Land Act. It is intended to provide for deficiencies that have been found in the act in its administration, through which, in some instances, its spirit has been evaded. Mr. Haines's bill will assert the right of the colony to deal with its own finances, in a direction in which retrenchment is called for, but the date at which the re- duction to be proposed will come into operation will probably be so arranged as to leave the Minister for the Colonies no room to cavil at the action of the Victorian Parliament. The pastoral tenants of the Crown have been aggrieved by the high rates at which the feeding capacities of their runs have been estimated, under the clauses of the Land Act empowering the Board of Land and Works to assess the waste lands, and substitute for the rents previously paid an arbitrary amount, which falls with peculiar severity on the occupants of runs which are not fully stocked, and increases considerably the re- venue the state derives from the pastoral tenants generally. Numerous meetings have been held in Melbourne on the subject, and various deputations have waited on the Government to represent the hardship of the case. Nine- tenths of the squatters have appealed against the rates imposed upon their runs. The subject will probably be pressed on the House during the discus- sion of the bill Mr. Duffy is about to introduce. The pastoral tenants un- doubtedly have reason to complain of the little consideration that has been shown to them in the legislation of the past two or three years, although a better feeling is arising in the public mind as to their value to the state. During the recess, an attempt was made to create political capital for the Heales party out of the late dis- cussions in Parliament on the de- spatches of the Duke of Newcastle and Sir Henry Barkly with refer- ence to the Governor's Salary Re- duction Bill. The effort, however, was barren of results. At these meetings, the substantial difference between Par- liament on the one side, and the Colonial Minister and His Excellency on the other, was carefully left out of view. It was not attempted to be denied that the sum of £15,000, though it might not be an undue allowance five years ago, is by far too large a salary to be paid to the Governor of this colony, now that the prices of food and rent are closely assimilated to those of England, and that the price of labour has greatly fallen. Resolutions, expressive of loyalty to the Queen, were adopted at all these meetings — but they were uncalled for, no sentiment of disloyalty or desire for separation, existing in this colony. Ad- dresses of personal regard for His Ex- cellency were also adopted — and to these there is little objection. The facts, however, remain unaltered. It is in evidence that His Excellency's de- spatch states the case as between him and Parliament inaccurately, and that this misrepresentation induced the Duke of Newcastle to indite a despatch which conveyed a gross insult to the colony. The whole subject will come up, and the action of the Legislature will be amply vindicated, when the bill of which Mr. Haines has given notice comes on for discussion. Parliament re-assembled on Tuesday last, after the Christmas holidays, but immediately afterwards adjourned until Tuesday next. It had been arranged previous to the recess that neither of the two Houses should meet on Wednesday, that members might have an op- portunity of attending the public funeral of the unfortunate explorers, Burke and Wills ; and as the sittings on Thursdays in the Assembly are given up to the business of private members, it was thought ad- visable, on both sides of the House, to ad- journ for the week, that when it again met work might be energetically proceeded with. Before the motion for adjournment was made, however, various notices of motion were given for the introduction of measures which will give importance to the remainder of the ses- sion. Mr Duffy announced that on Tuesday next he should ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the Land Act of 1862. Mr. Haines gave notice of a measure to fix the salary of future governors of the colony. Mr. O'Sha- nassy announced that he should bring in a bill for the establishment of reformatory schools, and for the education and control of vagrant and destitute children in industrial schools. The Chief Secretary also intimated that he should move the suspension of the Electoral Act, to save the expense of collecting the names of the electors afresh, and promised to introduce the nes Governmental bill to regulate elections and the collection of the electoral rolls as soon as sufficient progress had been made with the District Councils Bill and the measure for the amendment of the Municipal Corporations Act. The session, therefore, promises to be a heavy one, and if the business on the card is gone through the sitting will be protracted far beyond the time at which it was hoped Parliament would rise. A bill to regulate the administration of the immigration fund, provided by the 38th clause of the Land Act, will be one of the first measures submitted to Parliament. The amount already in hand to be devoted to the purposes of immigration exceeds £200,000, and hence the necessity of the measure. The Land Act provides that for the first nine months of the year the fund shall be ad- ministered on a basis of nationality — so much for English, Welsh, Irish, and Scotch immigrants, in proportion to the population of England, Wales, Ireland, and Scotland re- spectively. The nomination system will be preserved, those who apply for passage war- rants for their friends having certain fixed payments to make in proportion to the age and sex of the person nominated. During the last three months of the year the whole unexpended balance of the fund will be open to all applicants, without distinction. By the bill about to be introduced, power will be given to the Governor in Council to reduce from time to time the sums payable under, these passage warrants, and the existing system of free female immigration will be preserved. The selection and approval of immigrants, and the expenditure of the fund, however, will be transferred from Her Majesty's Com- missioners of Emigration to a committee, consisting of old colonists resident in Eng- land, who will be assisted in their labours by a secretary, with agents in London, Liverpool, Dublin, and Glasgow. It is not proposed to employ lecturers, but a huge discre- tion will be allowed to the committee in the preparation and circulation of books and pamphlets containing late and reli- able information with regard to the colony. By this means it is hoped that, not only will the labourer and working-man be attracted to the colony, but small capitalists may have their attention directed to resources in the development of which their means might be well and profitably invested. As a fourth of the whole land revenue of the colony will for the future be devoted to assisting immigration, and as America is closed for a time to the emigrant, it is hoped that under the operation of the bill a very considerable stream of people of all the industrious classes may be directed, towards this colony. The Distillation Bill, passed last session, begins slowly to produce the effect it was in- tended to have. Various distilleries and rectifying houses have been licensed in differ- ent parts of the colony, and a legitimate is taking the place of an illicit trade. Hitherto smuggling has been carried on to a large ex- tent, and to the bad quality of the spirits thus thrown into the market much of the lunacy and disease prevalent in the colony may be attributed. During the recess the opponents of the Ministry were not idle. They seized the occa- sion of the discussion on the Duke of New- castle's despatch with reference to the Gover- nor's Salary Bill to get up a fictitious cry of disloyalty, and to ferment what seemed to be a breach between His Excellency and Mr. O'Shanassy into1 a political quarrel which might eventuate in a disruption of the Cabinet, and the possible accession of the party of Mr. Heales to power. In two or three localities meetings were got up by the agents of the Opposition, at which resolutions, altogether unnecessary, were agreed to, expressive of loyalty to the Queen, and regard for Sir Henry Barkly. At these meetings, the real question — the right of Parliament to fix the salary of the Go- vernor of the colony at a reduced or increased sum, as it might see fit — was altogether ignored. At Sandhurst, however, the demon- stration utterly failed. There was no ques- tion of loyalty involved in the matter really at issue. The despatch of his Grace of New- castle, merely re-echoing, as it did, that if Sir Henry Barkly, was felt to be an insult to the colony, and it was generally resented as such. It is probable that in the new bill about to be introduced by Mr. Haines the salary proposed for future Governors will be fixed at £10,000, in place of £7,000. The attention of Her Majesty's Government has recently been occupied with the subject of the territorial divisions of the various Australian colonies, and the recent discoveries of good land in the centre and north of the continent. Two fresh proposals are put for- ward, which may possibly be submitted to the Colonial-office at an early elate. The first of these is for the formation of a new colony on the north-west coast, to be known as Prince Albert's Land. It is proposed to fit out an expedition from Melbourne, to form a settle- ment on Cambden Harbour, in lat. 15deg. 30min., and long. 124deg. 30min. The land in the neighbourhood of this inlet is described as very fine, both as regards scenery and fitness for settlement, and, as Sir George Grey was one of the first explorers who examined this portion of the Australian coast, it is proposed to name the first settlement after him, " Grey." The pro- moters of the scheme have been somewhat ambitious in the boundaries they contemplate for their settlement, as they make its eastern line embrace a portion of the Gulf of Car- pentaria ; but it is not impossible that a suf- ficient number of enterprising pioneers may be tempted to throw in a portion of their means in such an adventure. Schemes of almost a rival character have been set on foot both in South and West Australia, and a zeal for colonization has broken out so strongly in the former that it is probable a portion of the new country may be taken up long before its boundaries have been definitely fixed. A very feasible scheme for the exten- sion of the electric telegraph across the conti- nent to its northern shore, and its junction by a submarine cable thence to the Dutch settle- ments, is already occupying the attention of our nearest western neighbour. It has been suggested that twelve telegraph stations would suffice for the land portion of such a line, and it is argued that sheep and cattle stations might be added : these twelve squatters could see their flocks and herds increase, and at the same time maintain our electric com- munication with home. Certainly the scheme loses anything like a visionary character when we recollect the vast lengths of tele- graphic wire that extend across the Russian wastes, and that New York and San Francisco are directly connected by telegraph. The second proposal for the re-arrangement of the boun- daries of the colonies comes from that great pas- toral district of New South Wales lying north of the Murray. These great plains are watered by numberless rivers and creeks, full to overflowing when the rains and the melt- ing snows of the Dividing Range combine to feed them with vast floods ; but in dry seasons the want of sufficient water for the stock is often attended with great losses. Artificial supplies could readily be provided ; and the complaint of the settlers is, that they are removed so far from the seat of Government that practically their needs receive no attention. Physical obstacles di- vide them from the agricultural districts on the eastern side of the mountain ranges, and the sympathies of the Sydney Parliament are not with them. Their business is done through Melbourne, and the rivers, all of which flow south-westward, and the Mel- bourne and Echuca Railway, are the natural highways of their trade. The tie which binds the riverine district to New South Wales, there- fore, is purely a nominal one. The population of these plains is some 20,000 souls, who contri- bute about £120,000 to the treasury of Sydney, and a cry for separation, if not annexation to Victoria, is now raised in the district. Mel- bourne is the natural capital of that riverine district, and had the Parliament of Victoria been more careful of the interests of the pas- toral tenants of the Crown the cry would have been an unanimous one for annexation. Our land laws, however, deal so harshly with the squatters, and the rates of taxation and assessments for rent already existing or proposed are so oppressive as compared with the regulations of the other colonies, that the pastoral tenants are almost at one is asking that the riverine district should be created a separate colony, in which they may make laws for themselves, untrammelled by the influence of " bluestone " politicians, and may spend their own revenue in the im- provement of their own district. Whether "separation " or " annexation " should fol- low, the district has a strong claim that the cord which binds it to New South Wales should speedily be cut. On Wednesday last the story of the Vic- torian Exploring Expedition came to a close, in the public funeral accorded to the remains of Burke and Wills. It will be in the recol- lection of our home readers that many months ago the contingent searching party, headed by Mr Alfred Howitt - the son of William and Mary Howitt - by whom King was discovered in the camp of the blacks on Cooper's Creek, was directed by vote of the Legislative As- sembly to return from Menindee to Cooper's Creek, and bring down to Melbourne the bodies of the unfortunate leaders of the expedition. Howitt accomplished his mis- sion with skill and success. He proceeded up the Darling to Fort Bourke, and from thence struck out a new course to Cooper's Creek. On his return journey he took the route via Blanchewater, into South Australia, and from Adelaide by sea to Mel- bourne. He arrived here soon after the de- parture of the last mail, and the remains of Burke and Wills afterwards lay in state in the Royal Society's hall, which was specially fitted up for the purpose. The public funeral took place on Wednesday last. The details will be found in another column. The day was observed as a holiday, and Melbourne was never before so full of people. All the surrounding municipalities poured in their crowds, and numerous strangers came down from the gold-fields municipalities, taking ad- vantage of the railways. The day was ex- tremely hot, but in every other respect most favourable for the occasion. The route of the procession was from the Royal Society's hall by way of Spring, Bourke, and Elizabeth streets, to the general cemetery, and along the whole line the roofs, verandahs, and windows of the houses were crowded, and thousands occupied the pavements. The procession was headed by the Castlemaine Mounted Vo- lunteers — "Burke's comrades" — and the very fine band of the Castlemaine Rifles played the solemn marching music of the occasion. In the procession itself the Governor, the Ministry, both Houses of Parliament, the Royal Society, Howitt's party, the municipal councils, the military, the officers and crew of the Victoria, the volunteers, the police, the Oddfellows, the Foresters, and others, took part. King, the survivor of the expedition, and some members of it who had served under Wright, were also present. In the evening addresses were presented, in St. George's Hall, to Mr. Kyte (the "unknown donor" of the £1,000 in which the expedition origi- nated), Commander Norman, of the Victoria, and Mr. Howitt. His Excellency presided : and about 2,000 persons were present. Mr. Landsborough, the well-known ex- plorer, returns to England by the mail steamer, on a visit to his friends. He will be warmly welcomed, especially in Ayrshire, of which he is a native. Bishop Perry returns by the same opportunity, on a mission con- nected with the church of which he is the head. Harvest is nearly over, and the yield of grain is generally considered deficient. The season has been very hot, and bushfires have been unusually numerous and destructive. Our chosen eleven cricketers proceed to Sydney in a few days, to play the annual in- tercolonial match. An intercolonial rowing match is arranged to take place on the same occasion. Some anxiety is felt by the members of the Acclimatisation Society for the arrival of a ship named the Montreal, from Quebec. She brings a consignment of salmon ova, sent from the St. Lawrence by Mr. Cameron, a liberal merchant of New York, who had read the accounts of the previous unsuc- cessful attempts to introduce the ova of the salmon to Australian waters, and felt a desire to lend a hand in so good a work. If this experiment should fail, he promises to re- peat it by a ship carrying a cargo of ice, and announces his determination to succeed. The ponds in the Derwent are being prepared by the Tasmanian Society, in anticipation of the Montreal's arrival. A fine American ship, the Kate Hooper, with a large cargo of tea and spices on board, has been burned off Sandridge. It is supposed the ship was set on fire by the Chinese steward, who afterwards drowned himself, in revenue for the ill-usage he had received on board. From Otago we have accounts of large finds of gold in the lake district, at the head of the Clutha. The November mail from England was de- livered in Melbourne three days after contract time, head winds and unfavourable weather having been experienced between Galle and Melbourne. THE GOLD-FIELDS. Up to last week, the scarcity of water on the gold-fields was assuming an aspect of serious importance, for at this time of the year there is little chance of rain enough to be of much benefit to the miner ; but, con- trary to expectation, after the clouds having so often passed away during a period of several months without more rain than barely sufficed to lay the dust for a day or two, there has been a heavy downpour all over the country, filling the waterholes and reservoirs, and in a few places even carry- ing away the dams, and causing the losses and inconveniences consequent on a flood. The losses were, however, but trifling, and the quantity of water saved is said to be equal to three months' supply, more or less, according to circumstances, but sufficient, in all cases, to increase materially the escorts for the re- mainder of the summer. Previously the pros- pect was bad indeed, for not only were the puddlers almost universally stopped at their work — as happens every season, only some weeks or months later than this — but every week made a sad addition to the number of quartz-mills idle, and water for drinking had to be carted for miles on some of the gold-fields. In such a state of things, very many were naturally looking anxiously towards New Zealand, and had there not been a change the exodus would again have as- sumed alarming proportions, but on men fully employed, as most of our miners are now again, for a time at least, the most glowing accounts from there have compara- tively little effect. Besides, it is in the spring that the spirit of restlessness is most prevalent, and those going now are prin- cipally men who had almost determined before to do so, and were only waiting for reports from friends or working companions who had gone before. Thus, unless more stimulating accounts than any that have yet reached us should be received, no very great number of men will now be going to New Zealand, for the late discoveries there have all been amongst the mountains, in a region where the snow fulls early and lies long on the ground, and the winter will have set in before much can have been done towards opening the roads and rendering provisions cheap or abundant. Here there have been no dis- coveries of any consequence for some time, as a want of water effectually puts a stop to prospecting in the drier parts of the country. It was to have been expected that some fresh diggings would have been opened in the ranges towards Gipps Land before now, but no great number of people have proceeded thitherward lately, and those who have gone seem to be content with the work they find to do on the rivers and creeks already known. Landsborough, the site of our last great rush, has turned out like all the other Pyrenees diggings opened before it, the gold being widely but thinly spread over a large ex- tent of ground, with a richer gutter here or there offering prizes to a few, while the great majority have to be satisfied with a bare living. Many are looking for- ward to a rush to the Cape Otway Ranges before long, as a well- equipped party or prospectors has just started for them, under the same leader who found gold there a couple of months since, but had then to break up his party without proving whether it was in pay- ing quantity or not, although he had every reason to believe that it was. Reports of the discovery of copper ore in different parts of the country are received front time to time, and from one place we have been promised a whole load to be smelted, but it has not arrived in Melbourne yet. The quartz, miners have suffered of late equally with the diggers, and the total yield from the reefs has been therefore much re- duced, with, of course, a proportionate falling off in the number of especially good returns. One lot of 155 tons, from the Jersey Reef at Inglewood, however, produced 675oz. 12dwt., and other parcels of stone from the reefs at the same place yielded two ounces to the ton and upwards. Then an average of 4oz. 17dwt. to the ton was obtained from thirty-seven tons out of a new vein lately struck in one of the reef claims at Tarnagulla, and the yields generally from that part of the district have evidenced a decided improvement in the quality of the stone raised. There has not been very much done on the reefs in the Ovens district during the last few weeks, but a lot of 200 tons of stone out of a claim on one of them produced 510 ounces ; and more new reefs have been opened, though scarcely tried as yet. The McIvor district suffered much from want of water, but we have accounts of a lot of forty tons from one roof yielding 149oz., and of fif- teen tons from another yielding 36oz. Bendigo maintains its reputation by a few good yields, but from small parcels of stone. Thus, twelve tons from a claim on Johnson's Reef produced 91oz. 18dwt., and six tons from the Exhibition Reef 70 ounces. Seven tons from the Christmas Reef also produced 42oz. 7dwr., five tons from the Britannia Reef 30oz. 12dwt., and eight tons from the School- house Reef 30oz. The best yields in the Castlemaine district were obtained from the Vineyard Reef, one lot of fifteen tons pro- ducing 50oz. 10dwt. ; another of eighteen tons, thirty ounces ; and a third of fourteen tons, seventy-seven ounces. The Ballarat com- panies are too deep in the earth to be much affected by what takes place on the surface, so that none but the usual changes have oc- curred with them. The Great Extended ap- pears to be raising most gold just now, having washed out 904oz. during one, and 1,300oz. during another week of the past month, and paid dividends to the shareholders in proportion. One of the smaller companies at Smythesdale found a nugget weighing 60oz. 17dwt., which helped materially to swell their dividend for the week ; and three more nuggets were found near Creswick, one of them weigh- ing 54oz. 12dwt. ; but the largest of all for the month, wcighing 20lb. 7oz., was found near Dunolly, and another of thirty ounces was picked up in the same claim the day before. The Castlemaine district produced one of ninety ounces, which was found near New- stead ; and the Bendigo district two smaller ones, weighing respectively 38oz. 17dwt. and 36oz., so that, if the scarcity of water has prevented the procuring of our usual quantity of small gold, nuggets have been turned out rather more plentifully than for some months past. AGRICULTURE. In January this summer — a full month too soon — we have had the smoky atmosphere in- dicating the existence of large bushfires, and on some of the very hot days lately the sky has been quite obscured by smoke alone, showing plainly that the work of destruction was proceeding rapidly. The farmers have usually time to get in their crops before the grass burns freely, or to any extent, and so have only to guard against accidents among their own people, prevalent enough as these are when everything becomes so heated at times as to require but the presence of the least spark to kindle into a blaze. They have had this year, however, to look out for the ordinary bushfires as well, so dry has the face of the country become before the proper time ; and statements have been very positively made, in not a few instances, that fires were seen to break out under the influence of the sun's rays alone, where no spark could by any pos- sibility have fallen. In some cases the blaze is said to have first appeared in decaying timber, in others on timber in contact with very dry dung, and in others, again, in the midst of standing corn. It is of course impossible to ascertain with cer- tainty whether any such fires have broken out thus spontaneously, as it were, or not ; but true it is that the sun's rays have occasionally had unusual power, and fires on the tilled land have been numerous, increasing greatly the toil and anxiety of the harvest-time. Patches of grain, both reaped and standing, have been burned, but not over any large areas, though a few small holders have had their farms swept of everything, houses and all, and many miles of fencing have been con- sumed. The squatters, too, have suffered by the early burning of the grass, but the rains have already caused the feed to spring up again, and with another heavy shower or two they may get through the summer tolerably well. The harvest is now nearly over, and the yield of grain is on the whole better than was antici- pated, the drought having had wonderfully little effect over large tracts of country where the land was of superior quality. It was at one time feared that the supply of breadstuffs raised in these colonies would be insufficient for the year's consumption ; but the deficiency in New South Wales turns out not to be very great, even though the failure has been so complete in a few places that the farmers have had to apply to Government for seed against next year ; and this will be more than counterbalanced by the surplus of South Aus- tralia, the farmers of that colony having just gathered in the largest crop of wheat ever raised by them. Thus, there will be more than enough for all, and most probably a few shipments of wheat and flour will soon be made for England, to prevent a glut of the markets here, if the new wheat should be offered in too great quantity at first. Oats and other horse- corn con- tinue high, as the supply is scarcely equal to our requirements, and the carrying trade is assuming large proportions in New Zealand, with, of course, an increasing demand for horse feed of all kinds, which cannot be supplied from the produce of those islands. This has been a bad season for roots and English gasses, and the tobacco has very gene- rally failed. The markets are now all fully supplied with fruit, and the quality is very fair, notwithstanding the drought. The vines have so far stood the heat well, but without a little more rain soon, the grapes will be small and the yield light, though the wine of this year's vintage should be superior. Now that the farmers have time to look about them, a little after harvest, they will have an opportunity of seeing stubbles broken up by steam power on Smith's plan, for an apparatus of his make has this week been set to work on the farm of the importer, near town. Some months since one of Fowler's steam ploughs was tried on the Experimental Farm, and has since broken up a quantity of land in the Murray district, principally for vineyards ; but when the merits of Smith's apparatus and of his mode of tillage come to be better understood, this last is likely to be most generally approved of. It is less costly in the first instance, and the great want here is depth of soil — the first object with the cultivator, as opposed to the steam plough. The proposal for an intercolonial show of sheep here next spring has been well received in the other colonies, and will no doubt be carried out, with most probably the addition of prizes for wool, to encourage competition from places at too great a dis- tance to allow of sheep being sent from them. There was a very fine show of wool here last week, including samples from the sheds of all our best breeders, to compete for two valuable silver cups presented by Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co., the wool brokers. Pleuro-pneu- monia is still spreading amongst the cattle, and the long-promised commission has not been appointed yet. THE FUNERAL OF BURKE AND WILLS. The mortal remains of Robert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills, the heroes of the Victorian Exploring Expedition, have been conveyed to their last resting-place, and the sad history of the expedition is now closed. Our readers will be familiar with the circumstances under which it was re- solved not to leave the bones of the explorers in their lone desert grave, but rather to com- mit them to consecrated ground. Mr. A. W. Howitt, the leader of the contingent ex- ploration party, to whom was intrusted the bringing down of the remains, arrived with them from Adelaide upon Sunday, the 28th of December. They were at once conveyed to the Hall of the Royal Society, where arrange- ments for their lying-in-state had been made. Upon the evening of the 31st of December, the remains were formally coffined. This pro- ceeding has had a great deal of attention drawn to it, in consequence of the gentlemen who had assembled to witness it being de- tained for an inordinate time by the absence of the hon. secretary of the Explora- tion Committee, who, when he did appear, was too much "overcome by his emo- tion," as it was explained, to take his usually prominent part. Wills's skull was found to be missing. The lying-in- state was inaugurated on Monday, the 5th of January. In the interior of the hall, a hand- some catafalque was erected, and the room was hung with black drapery, upon which large white Maltese crosses were displayed. The subdued light in which the hall was viewed considerably enhanced the effect of the spectacle. The bravery and suffering of the explorers have deeply impressed the public mind here, and thousands - even those who disapproved of the whole arrangement - de- sirous of doing honour to their memory, flocked to witness the pageant. The lying in state was prolonged for fifteen days, and during that period 102,000 people visited the hall. The public funeral took place on Wed- nesday, January 21, both Houses of the Legis- lature having adjourned the previous day, in order to mark their sense of the occasion. The funeral procession was the largest ever seen in the colonies, and the concourse of spectators was unprecedented. It is esti- mated that the spectacle was witnessed by 40,000 people. At one o'clock, the time appointed for the start, the hall of the Royal Society was literally besieged. The crowd extended westwards to the crest of Russell street, while to the east the space in front of the Carlton-gardens and the Victoria- parade past Nicholson-street were equally blockaded. The mass then stretched down Nicholson-street, and Bourke-street showed a continuation of it. The street was thronged from the Houses of Parliament to Queen street, the brow of the opposite western hill. The po- lice did not confine the crowd to the footpaths, but allowed a double line to be formed in the horseway. This arrangement detracted greatly from the effect of the procession, but locomo- tion was to some extent tendered possible. Here, also, the windows and the convenient roofs were forced to accommodate more than their proper quota of spectators. Elizabeth- street presented a similar scene to Bourke- street. Up to its junction with the Sydney- road, the line of vehicles and pedestrians was unbroken. Beyond this point to the cemetery the inhabitants of Carlton and Brunswick had lined the fences from an early hour. Children, women, and men, were here alike assembled, waiting patiently during the many hours which elapsed before the cortége came into view. But little attempt was made in town at decoration. Many of the houses in Bourke-street were hung with crape festoons, others displayed mourning banners, and, near Swanston-street, a device was suspended across the road, cherubs hold- ing laurel wreaths. To this the display was confined. The procession moved through the town slowly, and with frequent pauses, more than an hour being occupied in pro- ceeding down Bourke-street. No sound was heard in the crowded streets as the funeral car passed by. A reverential silence was the homage paid by the people to the memory of the explorers. The procession moved from the hall at a quarter past one o'clock. The solemn, yet martial strains of the Dead March floating over the crowd communicated the fact to them, and then wending its way through the vast living masses, the cortege was seen slowly sweeping along Nicholson- street, past the Houses of Parliament, into the city. First came, in gallant style, the Castlemaine Volun- teers-dragoons and rifles. Burke was for- merly an officer of the Austrian service ; his character was that of a soldier - brave, impul- sive, and honourable. In the procession, therefore, troops led the way, and gave the pageant a military colouring. The police force, in which Burke was serving when he was selected for the arduous mission in which he fell, was then represented. The funeral car was next seen ; and following it came the Governor of the colony and the long list of officers of state and of corporate bodies, showing the public nature of the ser- vices rendered by the explorers ; while, revert- ing back to the military idea, the rear, at the close of the journey, was brought up by rifles and artillery corps. The funeral car was the object upon which all eyes were turned. It was constructed upon the model of the one used in the funeral procession of the Duke of Wellington. Of course, it was only in ex- ternal appearances, and then but partially, that it resembled that of the great Duke. In point of material and ornamentation, it was but a poor reflex of that magnificent work of art. Proceeding at so slow apace, it was not until a quarter to four o'clock that the firing of the minute guns from the battery of the Volunteer Artillery, stationed in the Royal Park, announced that the procession was approaching the cemetery. Large crowds had assembled at the cemetery gates to witness the spectacle, and to do honour to the unfortunate explorers. The assemblage was equally orderly and equally reverent in behaviour with that in the city, while the view of the procession, as it moved from the Sydney-road through the well-kept winding approaches, was far more picturesque than any to be obtained elsewhere; The avenue was lined nearly to the Sydney road with troops, volunteers and regulars, rest- ing on their arms reversed, and the concourse of spectators and the numberless vehicles which had gathered together at this point being thus kept back, the full effect of the procession could be seen. The burial service was performed by the Dean of Melbourne, assisted by the Rev. S. L. Chase, chaplain to the bishop. With the utterance of the solemn words "Dust to dust, ashes to ashes," the coffins were lowered into the vault, the multitude far and near humbly uncovering. The inscrip- tions on the coffins were simply as follow - Robert O'Hara Burke, Died 30th June, 1861, Aged 40. William John Wills, Died 30th June, 1861, Aged 27. These dates have been fixed by King, the survivor of the party, though of the time of Wills's death he is not able to speak with certainty. The service was simply performed. There was no music, nor was any funeral oration delivered. At its conclusion, the spectators eagerly thronged round the vault, anxious to see lying side by side the remains of those who together had so long suffered and so nobly died. The firing party then stepped forward, the three volleys were given, and the ceremony, and with it the last chapter of the mournful history of the Victorian Ex- ploring Expedition, was closed. In the evening there was a public meeting at St. George's Hall, for the purpose of pre- senting addresses from the Exploration Com- mittee to Mr. Ambrose Kyte, Mr. Alfred Howitt, and Commander Norman, and hear- ing from Dr. Macadam a history of the Vic- torian Expedition. The building was crowded, and it is believed that over 2,000 persons were present. His Excellency the Governor pre- sided, and was greeted on entering the hall with a round of applause. The reception accorded to some of the gentlemen by whom Sir Henry Barkly was supported was, how- ever, of an equivocal character. Mr. Justice Chapman, the Mayor of Melbourne, and Dr. Macadam were honoured not only with cheers, but with hisses. The addresses were hand- somely illuminated, and framed and glazed. When Dr. Macadam came forward to deliver his address it was doubtful whether he would be able to obtain a hearing ; but, after an appeal from the Governor, something like quiet prevailed, and the narrative was listened to with comparative patience. The proceed- ings lasted until half- past ten o'clock. THE VICTORIAN VINTAGE, 1863. A few months ago the vintage of 1863 gave promise of great abundance. When all else in the vegetable kingdom was yielding, day by day, to the severe effect of the drought, and while even the eucalypti and other aborigines of the ground were perishing, the vine retained unaffected its wonderful vitality, and gladdened the eye of the vine grower with its luxuriant verdure. But the baneful in- fluence of those three months of drought interrupted only by one or two thunderstorms, has proved hurtful even to the hardy vine, and in many instances the berries have begun to shrivel and the leaves to wither. On the Barabool hills, where the climate is comparatively cool and damp, and where vine culture has been most extensively car- ried on, the damage sustained has been but little ; but around Melbourne, and especially on the south banks of the Yarra, where some of the finest grapes of last year were grown, especially where the aspect is north-east, the drought is beginning to tell seriously. This may to some extent be accounted for by the system of close planting there adopted, which in seasons like this endangers entire vine- yards. On the north bank of the Yarra, at St. Heliers, the crop is most abundant, and can- not now be materially injured ; the grapes in this vineyard are of fine quality, and from their last year's crop the celebrated "Fit via vi," was made. The quantity this vintage will at least double that of last. The Oorong Vineyard, Prahran, promises well. No official intelligence has yet been obtained from Albury, but from a private source we learn that the same evil effects are being felt there from drought, and the crop will be light. One point, however, upon which all agree, is in fortelling wines of a quality that will amply compensate for the scanty produce, and Victorian wines of sixty- three are expected to rank high in the esti- mation of the connoiseurs. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The returns of the Immigration Depart- ment are complete for the year 1862, and the result is before us. In the following table the arrivals and departures are given monthly compared with those for 1861 :- 1861. 1862. - Arrived. De- parted. Arrived. De- parted. January .. February .. 2,710 1,288 1,816 1,790 4,626 2,884 5,449 3,200 March 2,285 2,456 4,087 3,113 April 1,350 1,962 3,186 2,859 May 1,944 2,066 2,950 2,049 June 1,925 1,167 2,610 1,921 July 1,900 1,718 3,099 2,288 August .. 2.805 2,382 3,802 2,062 September .. 1,160 9,303 2,160 7,817 October .. 3,425 3,102 2,949 2,635 November 2,173 3,298 3,125 1,736 December 4,447 4,838 2,858 3,076 Totals 20,912 35,898 37,836 38,205 Deduct arrivals .. 29,912 37,836 Net emigration .. 8,986 369 It will be seen that, while the arrivals in- creased in 1862 over the previous year by 10,924, the departures decreased by 2,307. During the earlier period the colony lost by the excess of emigration 8,986, and during the later 369. In the face of the long-continued drain on the mining population of this colony towards the newer gold-fields of New Zealand, our numbers have not decreased. The stream of immigration has counterbalanced the exodus which has taken place. The returns for the month of December offer some features calling for notice. The arrivals numbered 2,858, and the departures 3,076, the balance being against the population of the colony by 218. The sexes may b thus divided :- Arrived - 2,014 adult males, 551 adult females, 160 male and 133 female chil- dren : departed - 2,416 adult males, 407 adult females, 141 male and 112 female children. The ports of arrival were - Melbourne, 2,850 ; Geelong, nil ; other ports 8 : and of depar- ture - Melbourne, 3,065 ; Geelong, 11 ; other .pprts'MÚV ""Iii thïf following table the migra -.tory movements of Hho1 population are niora rpoWicùlarly Bet forth: As ^' ' " '* ; I .ot,'»." hAo1 'jNeif'South Wales .. i.. South Australia .. ,. ¡r»y,miu_ v., .. .WewïeiLlaiid, &e.; <. ^Ttós neighbouring coto \- ,tt * 11*03. jOnltMl Kingdom .. ¡For-'gil ports J"..**/ * .. ' '.. " Peiiitct arrivals . ,, -.Hot emigration . '370 150 .137 1030 1040 I 2343 1095 i 125 114 60S 218 I 10S1 40* 213 .( Tlio foUowing is tho last statement issu 'd pom the office of the îegistrar-geueinl of th s polony with reference to the population : IJiwrtetly Abstract, showing tho Population of Vc f ,t tori» on tlio 80tli of Septembor, 1802. > POMIMIOII on the 30tb l ¡,úne, 1SG2 jnorcaso of femalo popula . It m by oxcess of limul t i.iatluii ovor emigration "- (J Jrkca), during tlioquar .'íílür ending on tho 30tli IrB^ptonibor, 1862 . In COMO by excess of bli His _[ ovor deaths, dilling tlio , iniirtor ending on tlio \- l.dtli September, 1802 ., Dúo'reasoof male population /i by «.cess of emigration llover Immigration (by sen), -, during tho quarter omi 'luff on tho SOth Soptom . bor,1802 (. 6 * Total .. Incronso of females and por- tions during the quarter . - DccrimsQ of moles during. v, tlio quarter .. .J 2,092 Males. 325,070 2,250 327,035 4,051 322,084 ronnie.! 223,203 2,301 220,017 220,017 8,040 548,9.1 l.Siï 4,53) 554,832 4,051 549,9)1 £ | " EXPLORATION. , With'the proceedings of "Wednesday last th. work in which several of the leading explorer* of the colonies have for a length of time been engaged, may ho said to have Anally closed and the history of exploration hero has now reached a stage so complete that It will pro- bably be some time before further expedition ! large or small aro undertaken, Tho work which fell to men Uko M*Kinlay, Landsbo- rough, and. Howitt to do was well accota pl'Wioel, and their success has been warmly acknowledged by the people of the different colonies. The services of M"Kinlay and Lands boiough, especially, have been handsomely ree'ognized, nor havo those of Howitt boon allowed to pass unnoticed, although worthy pothnps of somo moro substantial recognition than that explorer has yet received. The sen tecs performed by the latter aie more par- ticularly interesting to us as Victorians. First of all, ho was successful in carrying relief t_ the only survivot of the first great Victorian expedition! and noxt, his mis- sion was to Dring down from their lonely resting-place the remains of the dead h« .us of that expedition. In the accomplish- ment of the tusk allotted to him-and how ably it was performed we all know-Mr. Howitt has also bcon able to contribute largely to our knowledge of the interior, and the in- formation he has given will bo of great ser- vira in the future. The importance of tha additions which Mr. Howitt has beon able to mako to our formor rather scanty stock of knowledge as to the nature of the country in advance of tho settlod districts cannot b> ova estimated; and his descriptions of th_ line of country traversed by himself and his patty in their doublo journey ptovetous that be) omi the present boundaries of settlement ¿hot a is abundance of rich land walting th- ai mai of the enterprising settler with hi* flock and herdB. Tho nature and value of the Inlounation supplied to us by Mr. Howitb has already beon described in The Argus, nntl wo cannot do botter hero than re- lient tho main poition of that descrip- tion. It is to bo premised, however, that "Mr, Howitt's journals have not yet been riv eu to the public in their entirety, but w_ jiavo no hesitation in saying that his labour» Jmvo largely andusofully advanced otu know- ledge of the interior, He has crossed, not Jwithout some difficulty, the desert between 'Milindie and Coopor's Creek, on the track itnlwn by Burke-the track which Wright wa j ¡unable to follow, and by which aro laid th¿ remains of Becker, and those of his unfortu- nate companions in adventure who perished in that dreaiy land. On his second journey. Howitt struck out a Uno farthor to tho east, pitting hotweon that of Burlco and that ttiken by Landsborough on his jouruoy down tv auls horn tho Warrego. From that journey -ive havo learned that Burke's track skirts tho enstmn edge of the deseit couutty through 'tvliich Sturt long previously failed to fores ''Iii', way, and that a pastoral land, not tdcltoient in wator-already occupied ti Bonto extent, indeed, by young and 'liauly settlors of tho pastoral class-hos It tween Foit Bourko and Coopor's Creek, -The country around this last-named piece of staler, now so famous in Austialian stoiy, has ban thoroughly oxplored by Mr. Howitt. 1 Tluno vvill be formed in time to come the < depots of private parties of explorers, follow Jiii't up the trookB of Burko in Boatch of "liesh fields and pastures new" for their tflocks and herds; and the information Mr. i,Howitt has accumulated with leferoneo to tho -jil vsictil features and natural productions of tth¿ country will bo of much importance to .« those parties. The troditionB of the natives iv ith regard to tho extraordlnaiy floods to .tullich that pait of tho continent is sub ¿joa, derive countenance from the ox ( pot lenco of M'Kinlay; and a knowledge -of the fact that a vast sheet of ' v ntcr sometimes overflows tho land to a -.considerable doptli-tho effect of onormous Kims, for which tho hoUow country affords .'no outlet-will not be unimportant to those \- VA ho may proposo to pitch their tonts by the r vacant grnveB of Burko and Wills. Mr. i Howitt's researches have detetminod intorest .' ing points connected with tho sources of o Blipply of Cooper's Creek, and havo ponotratal into tho dry and unpromising laud lying )'noi th and west. For tho first time tho na i tin ni history of tho district has bcon closely e/cxamined, and tho vvoik whioh Ludwig Booker i e nblv began has beon successfully completed. r>Mr! Howitt's long sojourn and frlondly reta r tiona with the natives enablo us tqunder n Stand botter tho poor but not unkind o aboriginals of tho interior, and to convoy to -' ethnologists somo interesting traits in .th. ¡ ..character of a rapidly-decaying people. The last servico Mr. nowitt's mission onablod him to render to the cause of exploration wai the marking of an easily ttacoablo line of '.load between Coopor's Orcek and Blanche- s-water, on tho frontiers of South Australia o It was across thlB parched and desort lnnl r(that Burko nndoavoured to conduct his oom "innnionB when ho found tho elopöt abandoned tv Braho and unreached by Wright. Tha jùelgoment whioh dictated that attempt wa* * onergotio and wiso, for the distance which -separates Blanchewater from Cooina's Crook .is not moro than a fourth of that which ho« \- lictweon tho crook and Meniiulio, and It U .gicatly to bo regretted that tho oxhaustoi «condition of tho unhappy explotora prevent*! .their persevering on that route. Sir.Howitt has crossed and recrossed between tha jtwo waters on sovoral occasions, and by Blanchewater ho brought down his whola pfuty, finding an artificial supply of ivatur at ono stogo of the journey by 'clearing out a nativo well. His oxnniple '«ill doubtless b3 followed, and by way of "Blanchewater tho spirited settlors in tho pas- toral districts of tho neighbouring colony will hereafter find a road to Coopor's Oreok, and to these fine lands to the north aud cast do rBctibad by Burko and Wills and by Lands .horough-on tho Cloncurry of tho former, r nnd tho Thomson and Flindors, tho courses of which tho last-named explorer followed." ' In these words a brief history of thp oxpotlt tion so ably conducted thoughout by Mr. I Howitt is glvon, and fow, we think, will fall to soo the great interest and leal Impórtanos , of tho information which ho has gathered by ; experience and most intelligent obsorvatioa foi our advantage Of course tho journals of this *? nblo explorer will furnish moro complete and . detailed descriptions of the country which he ' tiaversed : hut sufficient has been said hero 1 to indicate tho nature and extent of Mr. 'Howitt's contributions to tho caiiBo of cx " ploration. It Is only fair to Mr. Howitt to add that ho has shown himself to bo In a high denice a skilful and successful lcador of an *. exploring party, and that his services aro . highly appreciated on aU hands. No doubt 11 time ia como Mr. Howitt will roudor ia the ' 6 uno direction still further Berrico to tha c 'lony. Wo may mention that Mr. Landsborough, n other and prominent memborof tho gallant ) mid of _\plii rs whom Pi <? colonies pov Bess, "takesflus departure, hy ¿ibo' out-going t mail stea*meruon a_visit to tho* old country.t, THE WEATHER, &c.; The weather - that fertile topic of conversa- tion for unfertile brains - no doubt occupies a have in the private correspondence car* ritd to England by every month's mail, but at ¿his reason of the year it becomes a subject of mvth moro than ordinary interest. Old colo- nists predicted tliat the summer of 1862-186Î would be one of tho hottest experienced ia Victoria, and, though it is yet too early to see the fulfilment or otbei wise of this prophecy, theio has already been a good deal of very hofe weather, and on more than one occasion the thermometer has stood remarkably high, though not so high as it did on tho 14th of January, 1862. whon it registered over 144deg. in tlio sun, and ovei llldeg. in the shade. Tho greatest heat recorded this summer, thus far, was on the 81st tilt., Avhen tho thermo- meter was at 1072deg. (in the ¡"hade); on tho 8th of January it marked 104'6deg. ; on tho Oth, 99 9deg. ; and on the 13th, 04*ldog. These figtit es are from observations taken-in Melbourne : but up country it has been still hotter, tis high as HOdeg in the shade and láOdcg. in the sun baring been repotted. Tho bent has not been continuous, but has been bolton by two or Once severe storms of thun- der, lightning, and min, Avhich have had fchj effect of speedily lowering the temperature, and rendering it comparatively cool for tha next day or so. On the last day of the old year a sudden change took place in the afternoon in the direction of the wind, Avhich wat accompanied, by " a .violent squti'l, (lutins Avhich 'some of the «nailer vessels in the bay broke fiom their moorings and got damaged, but no serious disasters occurred. 'The forco of tho ivinl, however, did considerable mischief amoncifc tho fruit tiees iu and around Melbourne. On tho 18tb inst. thero was a teuiflo thundor 8toim in the evening. It commenced abjtib six o'clock, and continued for three or fo'tc hours. The mail steamer Madras, with ¿ha Novomber letters and papers from England, happened to bo coming up the bay during t!i3 Stoim. When near the Brighton shoio, a few miles fiom her usual anchorage, she let go a J. anchor, and payed out forty-five fathoms o ..' chain, Avhen a very heavy squall struck the ship, and she parted from her cable. Another anchor was then let go, which fortunately, held. The weather at this time AVOS fearful, a tremendous galo blowing, with llghtnitig and heavy peals of thunder, accompanied by rain, rendering it impossible to reach the vesbol until the storm abated. Fortunately, nothing more alarming occmred, nor wera thcto any othor borious casualties caused, hy the stoim. Tho rain carno doiva in (orients, nearly half an inch falling in two hours. It continued at intervals dming tho night, the total quantity Avhich fell from the commence ment of tho storm being more than ODO inch. The rain extended over tho greater poi lion of tho colony, and was a most accept- able boon to farmers, miners, maiket-gar dei.ers, and othors, for there had been a great scuicity of Avater for many Avecks, in conse- quence of the dioughty weather which set in early in spring. Tho grass had become dried up and witheied, tho cattle were suffering greatly from a deficiency of herbage, and tho crops, too, 'stood greatly in want of rain, while in somo districts the operations of gold-mining had been suspended for weeks from the same cause. The relief afforded by occasional thunder showers, however grateful it may bo at the time, is but of a very temporary chatacter, and public atten- tion is being directed more and more to tho neussity of uiging upon Parliament tho importance of promoting somo extensive scheme for the proper storage of rain wat ¡r during tho Avintor montlis, in.various part3 of the colony. If such a system ivero generally adopted, the loss Avhich is every Bummer incurred by; the mining and farming commu- nities in consequence of lack of water could be prevented. Unlucky, the hot weather has had far less acceptable concomitants then rain and thunder. An extraordinarily large number of extensive bushfires have been raging in various parts of the colony, and have destroyed a large amount of property. Some of the squatters' runs have been nearly denuded of grass, crops of grain have been destroyed in other localities, fencing has been burnt down, and other devastations have been caused by the flames. In one dis- trict it is reported that no less than three settlers' stations were on fire ; and the camp of Mr. Cooper, Government suryeyor at Cas- tlcarry, near Glenormister, was completely destroyed by the devouring element. The heat and smoke for miles round the localities of the bushfires were unendurable, but no lots of life has been announced. On the 13th inst, Captain Walker, of the City of Mel- bourne, a steamer running between Melbourne and Sydney, reported that, when passing Wilson's Promontory, at the extreme point of the southern coast of Victoria, he failed to see the usual light at the lighthouse. A terrific bushfire was then burning, the heat from which was so great that no could scarcely stand on the deck of the steamer, though two miles and a half off the shore. It was feared that the lighthouse keepers had been obliged to leave, or that even a worse contingency had happened, and as soon as the information reached Mel- bourne our colonial man-of-war, the Victoria, proceeded to Wilson's Promontory. It was ascertained that the men in the lighthouse were safe though they had suffered consider- ably from the boat and smoke. They had kept the light exhibited, but it is supposed that the smoke from the bushfires had pre- vented Captain Walker seeing it. There have been no accounts of any fresh bushfires during the last week, and until within two or three days the heat of the weather has not again been excessive. On Wednesday, however, the thermometer reached 87 deg. in the shade, and 114' deg. in the sun ; on Thursday it was 94'9 deg. in the shade, and 124 deg, in the sun. There was every probability that yesterday would be a still hotter day, but a cool south breeze sprang up about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and greatly modified the heat from the sun's rays. The temperature fell about thirteen degrees in an hour, the highest point of the thermometer being about 89 deg. in the shade. COMMERCIAL. The month of January has been, if not a holiday month, one very nearly approaching to that character. The markets have scarcely been supported, in the face of increasing ship- ments from British and foreign ports, and the ! languishing condition of trade in tho mining districts, consequent on the unsettled state of tho population. Throughout tho yoar, there has been a migratory movement towards Now , Zealand, ivhich has continued ivith moro or 1 less force, notwithstanding that largo numbers ' havo given up their hopes and prospects after a short trial, and have returned thoioughly disgusted Avith tho great hardships and small xomntis attending mininp lifo ou the Otnga gold-fields. Tho effect ot this movomout hin been felt by all classes of the community. It is mai ked in tho lovonues of the colony, whic li havo given ivay in several instances under the influence of decieitscd consumption. i The rovonuo statements for tho year and quarter, ending the 31st December, have boen published in the Government OazetU. Tho incoruo for the year 1802 amounted , to £3,181,420 7s. 4d., against £2.886,091 18s. lOd. for tho year 1801, showing an ' incienso of -£245,828 13s. Gd. Eor the fourth quin ter of the'past year, the incomo amountod to £032,301 10s. Od., against £825,67410s. 8d. for tho fourth quat tor of 1861, tho balance of in- cienso being in favour of the quarter just endod by £106,720 19s. lOd. Comparing tho several items for tho year wo find tho yield from thu valions sources of gi-nernl roveinio to be. re mat kably stationary. There is but little chango exhibited in tho departments of cus- toms, excise, ports and harbours, postase, fees of court, and fines and forfcittues. Tho territorial rei'cnuo SIIOAVS a marked increase, the icsult of the sales under tho now Land Act. In tho income derived fiom public At oi Ks, several fluctuations occur. The wnter rutcs bhow a decrcaso, and tho railw¿iy income a large increase, both of which may bo icadily explained. In the ono case, tho ovoidue rates ol former years ccaso to figuro under the head of receipts. In tho other caso, tho incicase is derU'cd from traffic over tho entire length of tho two main trunk lines of tails ivhich havo been opened up since tho Issue of tho earlier return. Taking the items Bopniately, wo find a net decrease for the year in the Customs department, of (omitting frdctioUB) £67,077. Tho items Of incienso ivero ¡-Sugar, £14,618; opium, iö.020; rice, £18,184; dried fruits £12,010; hops, £3,72ö ; malt, £0,299; sheepwash tobacco, £1,334; registration fees, £21,254 : nnd of de- crease-Spirits, £09,837; wine. £4,829; bejr, £U,)50: tobacco, £30,976; cigars, £17,976: tea, £6,ti-19,. coffee, £1,481. Under tho hoad Of Excise, there is an increase of £749 on colonial-distilled spirits, of £1.100 on pub- licans' licences, of £581 on spirit merchants' licences, nnd of £1,920on auctioneers' licences; «ntl a decicasc of £90 on brewers' licence, , and of £1,372 on all other licenca*. In the territorial revenue, the proceed* | of tho land sales show an incroascofno le3 i than £808,008 over those of 1801, and thj export duty on gold Is less by ¡6(31,408. Th' other items under this head do not call for remark. .The railway income for the year is more by £142,488 than that of its prede- cessor, and tho water-rate less by £40,003. Ii tho Post-office, the increase is only £1,807. Tho amounts received for fees of court aui flnes and forfeitures ore tolerably evenly balanced for both periods. Subjecting the quarter's returns to the samo comparison, wo hnd in tho artioles of cus- toms revenue an increase in the following : Tea. £194 ; opium £1,815 ; rice, £6,290 ; driel fruits, £3,664; hops, £l'.O90 ; malt, 1,833; sheepwash tohacco, £1,071 ; registration feas, £7,247. The fluctuations under the head of -xeise are insignificantly small. In the item 3 o£ territorial revenue the land sales figure f J r an increase of £185,024, while pastoral and other occupation licences are decreased by .641,790, and the export duty on gold by £28,008. i It will be seen from these figures that, bu* ' for the large sums received into the public exchequer for tho alienation of Crown land-;, ii very serious deficiency would havo occurred. Tho official returns of the producoof th* e,old-tields, now that they are completed, show ii larger falling off iu the yield of the Vic- torian mines than was at first looked for. Th? i-hipments for tho year have amounted to i,019,839o_., including 80S,331oz. transhipp.i ' horn New Zealand vessels. Tho total for vic- toria standing at l,711,508oz. During 1851 ' the shipments amounted to 2,072,359oz" of whichlé)3,270oz. wero transhipments from New Zealand, and 2,072,359o.., the produce of this colony. But in ordor to draw a fair com. < tiarison between tho two years, it must bî borne in mind that during tho last month of ; 1S62 but little gold was shipped. The bulk ! i vas held over until after the 1st of January, I ' on which day the reduction in the export duty to Is. (id. per ouueo came into operation, ' I Large parcels, tho produce of 1802, havo siaoa 1 ecu shipped, ant) will swell the returns of th. ' i curiont year. In the following table, the quantities of ' gold brought into Molbourno weekly by fehs ! »scoits are given separately for threo months, < nding to-dny : . i 1862-3. O 3 » Oct. 31 22,421 Nov. 7 40,025 Nov. 14 23,020 Nov. 21 27,033 Nov. 28 20,280 Dec 5 27,642 Dec 12 17,810 Dec. 19 27,856 Dee. 20 23,865 Jan. 2 21,696 Jan. 9 23,518 Jan. 16 38,725 Jan. 23 25,275 010.501 Tho following is a list of tho gold ships v hieh have sailed from Melbourne and Gras1 long-since 1st October, with the quantities ¡-tated separately :- I Unto of Ship. Destination. Ounce?. K lUing. 1802. ou. 24 Schah J ellan ., Hong Kong .. 0,024 " 20 Bombay Point do Gnllo .. 45,355 » 27 Yorkshiro .. .. Condon .. 75,90» JmV. 8 Wave of Lifo London .. .. 18,9 a. » ß Congo Hong Kong .. London .. .. 3,2 « .i 8 Giants' Causeway 20,130) » H E. A. Bright London .'. io,oor » 13 Urara .. .. Sydney .. 0,1>5 " 13 Omar Pasha .. London .. 22,41» " 16 True Briton London .. 12,3'S » 17 Wongu Wonga ., Donald M'Kay .. Sydney .. 3,0 IS " 21 [Kindon .. ., 10,229 ? . 20 Madras Point de Gallo .. 05,001 ,. 20 Princoof Wale».. London1.. 17,135 1> c. 1 Lightning .. London .. 18,05» , .. 2 Mary Ann AVilson, London ., ., 4,078 » « Boanorges.. Hong Kong .. London .. ... 11,071 ' " 10 Wm. Duthie \- 2,894 ^ 7,21* 1 >. 1« Koorta Moori» .. London .. ' ,. 17 Norfolk London .. ,, 22 ' ,. 20 Northam .. Galle Ot.ltO 1803. 1 .3:11. S Result London .. 41,8 i 3 ,, 6 Accrlngton Loadon .. 34,005 >. ti Nelson London .. 12,351 .. o Calliance London .. 17,909 ! » 20 Suffolk- .. London .. . 18,732 >? 20 Ganges Havilah ., Hong Kong .. 1,221 1 " 20 Adelaide.. 15 .i 21 Urara Sydney .. 17 Tlio prices of gold havo fluctuated since tho . eîi-snatch of the last mail. The reduction of td. in the rate chargeable for export duty ha. j pioduccd a corresponding rise in the buying: ' 11 ices offered hy tho banks. This was," to so m 3 e j lent, anticipated in tho transactions of the ' hist two weeks of Decemher. Since the arrival . oí the EaglishNovomber mails the banks ha va ¡ 11 i sod the rate of exchange on England, and, ; I ni the samo timo, their buying price of gold. ! '1 hey ¡ire now ready buyers of all parcols offer- -i ing, atpiicesbasedon the quotation of £315=5. j 3il. per ounce for standard gold. At this rate, j i ii ices may ho marked as follow: -Ornoo, * ' icr Yarra, Shady Creek, £3 11s. 8d. to i o. n-, . T__...-T,!_ ]jlvori ftlu} Dando- f 16s. ; Castlemaine-, Ufó £>i 13s. 3d. ; Jamieson, Big Bivor, and Dando ,mg, £3 14s. 3d. to £3 16s. ; Castlemaine-, Bendigo, and Mountain Creek, £3 17s. 3d. t.> J-117s. lid. ; Crooked Eivor, Boggy Oreok, Cale- ¡ i inia.itndAndersoii's Creek,£318s.3d.; Mary Innougli, Dunolly, Avoca, and Raglan,£318s. C1, to £3 18s. Od.; Creswick and Brown's, £i 17s. Oil to £3 10s. 9d. ; Ballarat and Ovens, £t K8d. In the monoy. market, capital is still abua d.tnt for all kinds of investment of an esta- blished character, at lower rates than thoss which ruled at the corresponding period of lí)ii2. On mortgages with ample margin of value, seven por cent, is all that is now asked. Where tho sum sought to be borrowed ap- ' pi caches moro nearly to tho value, the rate varies with tho estimate of tho risk. For speculative purposes, there is no money to b3 had outside the banks, except at extravagant iules, and tho banks aro discourogiug spec il- lation IIB much as possible. The extent of ll'ti shipments from this port to the New Zwiland gold-fteldB has led to largo inter- changes . of gold and bullion, ana to the spi lnging-up of a trade of great importance te» liiis city as tho contraldepOtof the Australia.. F vera! of the banks have published their <iitartorly averago statements under the pro vi- , ¡ona of the act, but, until the wholo are given, < the course of banking business during th3 last threo months of 1862 cannot bo stated very accurately. Subjoined aro digests of such of the statements as have beon gazetted. All tho items,oxcopt those pertaining to th9 c ipital account, represent transactions withla fie colony only : - , Otiental Bank Corporation.-Liabilities- . >\>les in circulation not bearing interest, ' £100.603 Is. Id. ; bills in circulation not ' benring interest, £8,080 10s. lid. ; balanc.3 due to othor banks, £654 17s. Od. ; doposlts not bearing interest, £228,560 83. uti. ; depo- \ sits bearing interest, £489,994 11s. Id. ; to- , tal amount ofliabilitios, £884,693 4s.4d. Asset, j -Coined gold and silver, and other coined. metals, £189,810 8s. 7d. ; gold and silver, 1 in bullion or bars, £117,289 3s. 21. ;¡ lauded proporty, £40,000 ; notes and bills of other baplcs, £16,418 18s. 5d. ; balances dua I fiom other banks, £38,776 4s. Yd.; amount of 1 nil debts due to tho bank, including notos. I bills of exchange, and all stock and fundoi j debts of every description, excopting notos, j bills, and balances duo to tho said bank from other banks, £713,001 8a. 4d. ; total amount , ; of assets, £1,115,301 18s. Id. Capital ao- ¡ 1 count-Amount of tho capital stock paid ! up to this date, £1,260,000 ; rato of tho j last dividend declared to the Bharoholdera, ' I ten por cent, dividond and two por cent. 1 bonus, being fourteen per cent, nor annum ; ' ! amount of tho last dividend declared, £88,203; j »mount of tho reserved prouts after da ! clnrlng such dividend, £252,000. I Bank of Australasia ¡-Liabilities-Notes in circulation, not bearing intorest, £281,960 9a. ' 3d. ; bills in circulation, not bearing interest, ' I £14,305 15s. lOd. ; doposits, not bearing in- terest, £904,061 14s. lOd. ; deposits, bearing ia tcrest, £677,964 12s. 9d.j total amount of liabilities, £1,878,892 12s. 8d. ABSots - Coined gold and silver and othor coined \- metals. £278,812 11s. Id.; gold and silver in bullion or bars, £71,896 10s. 6d.; landed . proporty, £100,080; notes and bills of othor ! 1 .miks, £28,096 2s. 7(1. ; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notos, bills of exchange, and ali stock and funded debts ' of every description, excopting notes, bills, and balances duo to tito said bank from other hulks, £1,841,050 8s. lid.: total amount of iii-scts, £_,326,441 ,'14s. Capital account ' Amount of capital stock paid up at this : date, £900,000; rate of the last dividend declared to the Bharcholdois, BIX per cent. 1 er annum and fymus of 24s. per shara, making 12J per cent, per annum ; amount of the last dividend declared, £50,250; amount of tho reserved profits after declaring such dividond, £320,825 Os, lid. The Union Bank of Australia.-Liabilities 1 -Notes in citculation not bearing Interest, £11)1,559 3s. Id.; bills in circulation not bear- ing interest, £25,083 13s. Id. ; deposita not , karing intorest, £603,741 14s.Od.; deposit* ' loaring interest, £894,181 Is. 3d: total , M'lount of liabilities, £1,214,605 Us. lid. Assets - Coined gold and silver, and , othor coined metals, £226,410 2s. 9d.; gold 1 mid silver in bullion or bars, £54,948 9s. 3d. ; I Iniidcd projwty, £42,449 l8*. 2d.¡notes and I I ills of other banks, £18,701 2s. 6_.; amount i 01' all debts duo to tho bank, including note«, 1 1 ills of exchango, and all stock and fundoi , c1 bts of every description, oxcenting notes; I "Hu, and balances duo to the sala bank from < her banks, £1.809,04817s. lOd. ; tolnl amount . ., 11- U. £1,71-M5' lO-i. Od. Cipital ne-. count-Amount^of the capital stock pa'd , np at the closo of the quarter rendod. 31st December, 1862, £1,000,000; rato of the last dividend declared to the shareholders, fourteen per cent, per annum : amount of th.9 last dividend declared, £70,000; amount of tho reserved profits at the time of declaims such dividend, £285,997 6s. 9d. Bank of Victoria.-Liabilities-Notes in cir- culation not bearing interest, £303,433 : bills in circulation not bearing interest, £15,47017s. 9d. ; b nance due to othor banks, £¿S,11G 3s. 7d.t deposita not beating interest, £830,817 12s. lOd. ; deposits Iftaiing interest, £700,857 l8,-. 9d. ; total amount ot liabilities, £1,879,195 12s. lid. Assets-Coined gold and silver, and other coined motáis, £440,167 Ws. 9d. ; gold and hilver in bullion or bars, £91,81810s. 3d. ; Government seourities, £50,000: landed pro- pel ty, £111,349 5s. Id. ; notes and bills of otlur banlcs, £16,022 Os. 2d. ; balances duo fiom other bauks, £165,53710s. 9d.: amount of all dobts due to the bank, including notc3, bills of ox chnngo, and all stock and funded dobts of evciy description, excepting notes, bills, and balances due to the said bank from other banks, £1,491,631 153. 8d. ; total nmount of asbcts, £2,366,027 13s. 3d. Capital account Amount of the capital stock paid up at this date, £500,OCD ; rate of the lust dividend de claied to the shareholders, 10 per cent.; amount of the last dividend declared, £25,03 J : amount of ¿ho reserved profits after declaring suth dividend, £92,500. Tlio banlcs raised tho rates of exchange on England immediately on the anival of tlxi En '-ii ¡ah NovembDrmail, with intelligence of ths diain of the precious mctiils from tho mother * country. They now sell at 2 per cent, pro mi n in on sums under £50 ; above that amount, at thiity days', 1J ; sixty days', 1 ; and ninety i da) î', ï per cent. Dieuiiuni ; buying at thirty and sixty days' at par : and ninety dava', at _ per cent, discount. The Oriental Bank Co'r S[nation charges for thirty days' exchange oa, embay,-Calcutta, and Mndras, 2s. Id. per rupee ; llong Kong and Singapore, 43. li) J. ' pei dollar ; Mauritius, 4s. 2d. per dollar ; Cej Ion, three and a half per cent, premium. | The bauks cliargo 7 per cent, discount for two months' bills, 8 per cent, for three months', ! and 9 per cent, for four months'. Intorest is ¡ allowed on time deposits at the following ' ratts:-For deposits at thirty days' notic? fiom li to 2 per cont. per annum: at threj ¡ months' notice, from 2 to 2_ per cent. ; at six; j months' notice, from 4 to 6 per cent. With the closo of tho Christmas week th; commerce of the year 1S02 Avas brought to a ¡ clo -c. The imports at the port of Molbourne.for the week ending the 27th December, amountsd to the declared valuo of £106,840, and the ox joils to £288,590, the balance being in favour of tito latter by £122,750. Among the articles of native produce exported, we notice tho fol lovin*;¡-Biscuit, 7i tons; flour, 02 tons; fold, 49,166 ounces ; hay, 20 tons: live stock o s 4 No. ; boree, 1 No. ; birds, 2 No. : sheep. 2,9 0 No. ; skins, 505 No. ; tallow, 12Î tons ; wonl, 240,8251b. Specie was imported to th> valuo of £30,102, and exported to that of £3'.\057. In tho following table, the import Ï an<! exports aro given weekly for the current yew, side by side ivith those of 1801, tog tly i with the totals for both neriods : Al cok ciiilliiB. Importa. E-qiorte. 1801. 1802. 1801\. - 1802. £ £ £ " £ Jan. 5 130,100 148,220 210,840 04.15Î » « 304,407 411,270 232,142 237,731 " l8 181,130 187,806 217,280 232,7<J) ,. 28 Feb. 1 400,471 205,860 480,093 428,34} 827,705 476,021 201,043 395,211 » 8 107,103 171,705 80,825 125.03Ï " IS 321,511 207,602 270,010 221,122 " 22 177,112 200,060 204,257 300,731 li inch 1 141,600 240,010 359,068 209,22s \- " 8 203,359 106,032 85,101 129,211 . > 15 243,502 810,012 802,280 332,922 " 22 253,001 217,678 40,037 76,281 " 29 224,001 203)841 297,021 300,77o Ariil 6 105,584 330,220 46,871 82,80) ,. 12 S4.847 213,700 202,781 209,701 " 10 200,181 121,942 239,272 213,521 " 20 809,121 224,402 440,976 203,571 Mo} 8 255,703 247,478 80,482 200,053 " 10 301.E07 96,153 100,877 103,227 i. 17 204,300 835,170 103,570 273,570 " 24 184,274 04,020 826,005 171,9 » " 31 172,514 241,785 217,223 250,837 Juno 7 149,805 873,830 87,804 134,370 .i 1* 193,472 122,010 182,925 68,43.* " 21 181,700 187,040 161,760 04,579 " 28 125,201 226,840 410,600 210,28!) . July 6 219,333 120,797 211,670 552,073 " 12 202,800 107,801 141,800 210.68Î " 10 347,430 303,788 299,218 63,071 " 20 420,500 135,207 815,00-1 410,535 Au*,'. 2 821,071 401,273 05,852 121,831 i, 0 190,170 160,784 280,384 269,537 " 10 430,761 810,205 120,244 45,S47 » 28 123,822 207,220 415,519 213,131 " 80 202,709 451,0-16 178,130 117,711 Sept. 7 518,053 242,875 74,207 83,821 » 1*1 198,343 147,484 142,572 93,731 ». 21 303,730 220,210 401,695 525,9:58 >, 28 194,007 270,432 302,010 270,443 Oct. 6 207,080 281,620 146,012 830,212 " 12 288,514 202,005 04,242 76,414 ,, l8 250,075 208,411 899,080 79,44» " 25 250,631 303,007 279,170 430,842 Nov. 1 201,555 838,078 128,029 197,010 » 8 150,601 251,092 193,402 97,818 " 15 818,610 850,423 442,032 401,708 " 22 121,469 803,002 810,10t 274,835 " 20 232,610 118,305 250,816 409,238 Sec. 0 144,614 100,807 821,138 150,550 " 13 310,151 130,047 325,471 248,800 . > 20 107,404 240,818 447,040 83,210 " 27 200,772 106,810 203,085 238,390 12,745,742 12,788,000 12,413,852 12,314,00. Dming the former poriod, the account oodst thus : Imports exports Balance of imports ovor export« During the second period : Imports . Imports . . £12,745,742 . 12,413,862 £331,890 . £12,788,098 . 12,314,002 Balrnco of imports over oxportu .. £474,034 Tho following is a statement of tho stocks of dutiable goods in bond at Melbourne on the 21st January .*-Brandy. 2,422hhds. 43,8674 cases; rum, l,810|hhds. o33 cases; geneva, 29ihhds., 91,383 red 4,328 green cases: whiskey,634*fhhds.9,073cases; old tom, 181_ hhds. 3,121 cases; cordials, 2,_237cases; spirits of wine, 147hhds. : othor spirits, 95hhds. 4,107 cases: ivinc, 4,978ihhds. 3.739J cases; beer, 3,517hhds. 2,981 cases and casks ; tobacco. 88hhds., 44 casks, 1,020 bales, 11 tierces, 414f half-tlcrces, 87 quarter-tierces, 97 kegs, 4,295 tlucc-iiunrtcr boxes, 3,469$ cases and boxes ; cigars. 817 cases ; snuff, 61 ' packages ; tea, 35,014 chests, 10,793. half-chests, 10,507 boxes; coffee, 3,513 bags, 179 casks, 1,056 bairds ; sugar (raw), 118,600 bags, 64,030pack- ages ; molasses, 257èhhds. : chicorj', 378 pack- ages ; opium, 40 eheste 229 packages ; dried flints, 7,099 pnekages; hops, 43 pockets, 11 bales: lice, 2,877 bags, 9 barrels; colonial distilled spirits, l.GOOlihds. The usual ivool sales have, until tho present Avcek, been suspended during the month. The groAvcra and buyers, in anticipation of reports of the London November sales, havo evidently held different vieivs as to tho posi- tion which the home market would assume-, and this circumstance, taken in counoxton with the Christmas holidays, has lcsttltcd in scaicely any business hoing transacted. The intelligence lecoivod by the Madias îcstored the market to somothing like activity, and the first sales of the year, held on Monday and Tuesday last, ivero AVCII attended by buyers, Avho bid freely for the lots offered up to prices fully proportioned to tho declino ivhich had been announced in the London market. A smaller quantity, however, passed tho hammer than would havo boen the case had the brokers been authorised to relax the demands of l producers to a corresponding degico, An i incident of the month in connexion ivitli tho ivool trade, has been an exhibition of Victorian grown ivashed nnd greasy woola, for the best sample of each of which class a j valuable silver oup was presented, through one of the pastoral and agricultural societies, by Messrs. Clough and Co. The number of ¡ exhibits on the occasion ivas twenty-two. and ! tho names of some of our most distinguished Avool-gioAvers Avere included in the list. The I aivards Ai-ero mado by uve gentlemen of ne- i knowledged experience, ivho, in thoir report, state that the perfection of some of tho bah» ' exhibited ivas such as they had, noi'or boforo soon reached in this or any other country. The first prize for washed wool ivas aAvarded to Messrs. T. and S. Learmonth.of Ercildown, in 1 the Ararat district,- and tho second, for greasy wool, to Mr. J. If. Currie, in the War- nambool district. These tivo bales Avoro sold i at public auction on Tuesday, at tho resp3c- I ¡ tlve prices of 2s. 10}d- and Is. 8d. per lb., the ivcight of the former being 8091b.. the pro duco of eighteen old ewes' fleeces and sKty-two> , young owes' fleeces of twelve montlis' growth \ of A*.ool, -whilst the latter ivas the growth of a similar period, and weighed 3851b. An im- pôt tant discovery has been recently patente J, j and ma ¡c public by Mr. Hayes, which U alleged to be a specific for the cure of scab ia sheep. The only experiment ivhich has been 1 mado with it at present has beon conductel ! under the immediate countenance and con* ¡ I trol uf the Board of Agriculture, and has boan successful. Twenty sheep so diseased as to bj declared to be completely incurable, hava ? been in a short timo restored to perfect health ; ' j and several of our most influential flock- I I nw-ters havo already given orders for tin» | preparation, with a view to submit it to th« j ' test of domestic use. The specific is in a con ? centmted form, and is easily soluble in water. It appears to bo rapid and effectual ia it*i ' operation, and economical, as compared with the remedies now in use." K ' ' -In tho stock and share market there are but few changes to, report. The sales of th.3 current week havo boon as follow :-On Mon- day-Colonial Bank of Australasia shares, £0 19s. to £7 ; National Bank of Australasia, £4 6s. 6d. ; Collingwood Gus Company's shares, £6 6s. ; and Nelson Reef (mining), 23. On Tuesday-Victoria Government Debsn turcs,-6 per cent., £108; Colonial. Bank of, Australasia Bhares, £7 ; Australian Alliance! Insurance Company, 8s.; Collingwood Gras Company, £6 6s. ; and Now Chum Quarts (mining), 4s. On Wednesday-National Bank of Australasia shares, £4 6s. 6d.; Colonial Bank, £7; and Alliance Insurance Company, 8s. On Thursday-Colonial Bank of Austral- asia, £7 ; National Bank, £4 5s. öd. ; "Mol- bourno Gas Company, £4 5s., oxclusivo of dividend ; and Australian Alliance Insuranca Company, 8s. per share. Sales of the undermentioned station pro peities have been effected since the public i tion of our last summary :-The Walla Walla Station, on the Billabong, New South Wales, with 25,600 sheep, 600 cuttle, and all improve- ments, to Messrs. Stitt Brothers, for tho sum of £28,050 ; tho Tallagaroopnaaud Mundoona. Stations, on the Goulburn and Broken Rivers, in tho Benalla district, with 11,000 sheen. 2,000 cattle, and 1,120 acres of purchased lana, to Mr. William Fraser, for tho sum of £18,503, on the usual terms ; the Quambatook Station, , on the Avoca, with 16,000 sheep, and improve- j ment, for 25s. per head. The station of Bere- megad, Murrumbidgee, district of New South Wales, lately in the occupation of Mr. John Hay, has been sold, with 14,000 sheep, to Mr. E. L. Splatt, for the sum of £18,000—one-third cash, and the balance at two and three years. The "following is a statement of the tiuffis returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, and of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway, for tho month of December : - Pas- songers, Mer- chandise. Total. Qovornment linos Melbourne 'and Hobson's Bay.. £ s.d. 19,470 0 2 3,20718 0 £ s.d. 10,703 4 1 1,020 3 0 £ s.d. 30,2331» 3! 4,02016 G The returns of the Melbourne Railway, for the wook ended 7th inst,, and the quarter endel 31st December, as compared with the corre- sponding periods of the previous year, whom the affairs of tho company wero in tho hand j of the Melbourne and Suburban Railway Com- < pany, are as'follow : Trafilo on Molbourno Railway for wook ondlng 7tli January, 1803, comparai with trafilo on the Mel- bourne and Suburban Hallway for tlio corresponding wook of 1802 : Molbourno, 1803.£1,000 2 10 i Suburban, 1802.1,235 1 8 ' TrofHe and othor revoluto on Holbourne Railway f.r tlio quarter ending Slst December, 1802, compar.l v\ Ith traffic and othor rovoimo on tlio Molbourne anl . Suburban Railway for tlio quartor ending the ZVA \ Doconibor, 1801 : Week ending I 1802. October 1 .. Ootobor S .. Octobor 15 .. Octobor 22 ., Octobor 20 . November 5. Novomborl2. November 19. Hot einnor 20. December 3. DcconiborlO. Dcconiborl7. JJeecinbor 24. December 31., £ s. d. 611 0 10 731 17 1 047 14 2 000 10 8 . 000 7 5 825 0 10 852 7 5 086 17 11 748 l8 10 811 15 0 090 0 i 720 3 2 723 l8 4 1,003 l8 S 1801. £ s. d. 512 5 0 564 15 5 634 5 10 680 12 9 613 19 1 551 12 5 607 13 11 674 1 8 554 1 5 020 11 10 G02 4 2 000 l8 1 599 8 0 973 7 11 Increase. £ s. d. 08 15 4 107 1 S 113 3 . 77 6 a 125 S 4, 273 17 S 254 13 S HI 10 S 104 IT 5. 101 S II I 94 5 2 113 5 1 , 124 10 * ' 90 5 4 Totals .. 10,465 12 7 8,424 18 0 12,030 U 7 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT, Tho Argus Offleo, Friday Evoninç. j Tho transactions in tho import markets since thj departure of tho lost mall havo boon mostly of.a vory , limited character. As usual at tho commencement of tlio year, attention has been directed to balancias i accounts, and but llttlo disposition has boon shown j to Incrcaso stocks. The unsettled state of the mining ; population and tho constantly varying reports from j tlio Now Zealand gold- flolds operate unfavourably ia!* the country storekeepers, although tlio export domand j for Dunedin nnd tho surrounding sottloments liai tendod to support importers' prices. Tho reports ra- . ectved to-day are stated tobo vory favourable, and con- ; slderablo order, havo como forward ; but at the sa_î ? timo thorn aro so many porsons intorosted lu Inducing : miners to take possagos, that tho moro prudent of thom look witb somo hesitation on tho intelllgonoa. j The odvlcos rceoived by the last mall from England Í have hod but llttlo influenco on our markets gena- I rally. Tho total amount of shipments was so vory ' llttlo under that of tlio previous month a. f to glvo caso to holders, while Several of tlio loll- ing articles of consumption have boen forwards 1 i to 'nu oxtont to doprcss prices, moro pirtlcularly ' as the goods and merchandise will como to haul -, when the summer domand has terminated. Moderate- » ni has been tho oxtont of trade, business Is In a healthy steady condition, nnd tho fact of tho caution' ovlucel hy buyors must bo considered rather as satisfactory to shippers than otherwise Stocks in second hands or. comparatively low. Thero Is no reason to look for any fluctuation of importance In prices just now. With thoao remarks wo proceed to moro detailed particular« of tho markot for tho loading imported articles or Central consumption. ' ' In ale and stout a fair steady .irado has boon trans- ;' acted ; but in anticipation of th'o arrival of tho ncw hrewed alos, holders of Bass's old aro pushing bX stocks, and prices aro consequently castor. Liofhti summer ales aro scarco. Bottlod ales of good quality and woll-conditloued aro in fair inquiry. Stout U hotter stocked, and In loss activo domand. Quotations aro ¡-Beor.-Alo- Bass's No. 3, £0; Allsopp., £815s.; othor Burton brovvors', £8 to£8 lCs. per hhd. ; Joule'» Stono, nono ; Tonnont's, £7 10s. per hhd. ; Byasi'i bottled, 10s. ; London and Colonial Company's, 9s. 01. to 9». Od. ; Allsopp's, 9s. Od. to 10s. ; othor bottlors", 9s. ' Stout.-Best brands, £710s. to £716s. ; other brewers', £0 153. to £7 por hhd. ; Dublin stout, 11s. Od. to. lia. ; Byass's bottlod, 11s. to Ila. 3d. ; London an i Colonial Company's, 10s. Od. to 10s. 9d. ; Barclay's, Dottled by Friond, quarts, 11s. ; othor bottlors', 9J ft J. to 10s. Gd. per dozon. ? Tlio Bbort shipmont oC corn sacks reported hx% honcfltcd the market ; demand has boon considerable, and holders aro still looking for furthor improvement. Fnles havo been ro idlly made at 15s. Od. per dozen. Tor woolpacks thore Ii no demand, and sales aro dif- ficult to effect. Bran bags and gunnies romain li good domand, tho Iattorat about 7s. Od. por dozen, the prlcos of tho former depending ontlroly on sizj and quality. Bacon continues in fair domand and Btcady con- sumption, and so long as the present hot weather lait i Is lilcoly to maintain prosent pricOB, which, for bolt qualltlos, aro quoted at from 13d. to IBM. ; Wiltshire, 12d. to 13d. ?».. ? Tho continued drought keeps up prices of importai butter, the supplies of fresh having almost ceased for a timo ; tho supplies advised aro. however, quite suffi- cient for our requirements, and as the first rains will -start tho feed, thoro is no prospect of higher prlC3i ruling. Sales of primo parcels of double roso hivo" hoon cfloctcd at Is. 8Jd. per lb., which, wo bollovo, I» tho highest rato lately procured. The considerable imports ot forolgn candles, togother With tho low quotations of tho Nova Company, koop dow n any advance which might havo boon reasonably expected, and a moderato tindo only In Belmont. Ins boen dono at about lOd. por Ib., largo parcels boin? still forood off by auction at almost any procurable) rates. Bolmonts quoted at 13d. ; IInlo's.and Ogolby's, 12]il. ; Nova stearins, 13W. por lb. Canvas Is well supplied ¡ but for small pareóla thora is bettor salo. Bost navy assortod is stltl quoted at 18d. ; modluin from lOd. to lid. Cornent romains as last reported, of modorato sala at unaltorcd rates. Portland la worth 10s., and Roman 10s. (k1, to 12s. per barrel. . CIicoso has rathor improved atrnin. Stocks of prim > quality havo worked elown, and inquiry romains gool at from 12Jd. to 13d. per lb. for best parcels. Ccals of colonial production have quite suporsedel tho necessity of English importations, which do not bring any increased valuo, and cannot bo quotod, at any rate during tho stimmor months, at above about 80s. to 38s. por ton. CofToo continuos in few hands, and prices aro well maintained. Supplios aro, however, 'BuOlcIont. Thi Fairy, from Colombo, has brought a shipment of bot'-i i Plantation and Nativo ; but prices aro not likely to bj influenced. Quotations aro :-Coylon plantation, lOJd. ; nativo, 8d. to 8Jd. ; Java, 7d. to 7id. por lb. in bond. I Confectionary ,is in lossonod domand, and for best assortments not ovar lid. to Hid. Is obtainable, ß I For cordage gonorally there is a great domand, at unaltered prices. Twine is In steady roquost at quota I rato', which rulo os follows:-Eui.no rope, £30 ta> £82; Kussian, £38 to £10; oolr, £30 ; Manilla, £47 to £10, assorted sizes ; twino,- sowing, 12 jd, to 13d. ; (hop do., 9Jd. to 12}d. por lb. I Demand for drugs gonorally romains dull. Soil. ash is unsaleable Soda crystals aro In bettor Inquiry. I Sulphur flour is also In improvod domand.- Foe i opium tho inquiry has boon modorato, and prices a» ! unc'inngod. Quotations aro-opium-Pains, £Slf» I per client, duty paid : prepared, 26s. to 20s. por canti ter ; soda crystals, £8 .10s. ; soda ash, £10 per ton ; sulphur flour, 25s. to 20s. per owt. ; carbonate soi i, ' 20s. per cwt. ; tartarle acid, 2s. 3s. to to 2s. (Jd. pJ.* , lb ; cream of tartar, Is. Od. por Ib. ¡ Ling fish, of good quality, is in inquiry, and saleahl > st fiom 6a. to Cid. per lb. Othor descriptions of 1 salted or dried kinds aro, howovor, in but vsry moi > . i ' rate domand. ' i The flour and grain markets havo boon unusually 1 quiet, with scarcely a variation in prices, witt i ' tho oxcaptlon of malt, tho light shipments ot ' ?vvliloh havo induced a speculative demand, anl holders to-day oro indisposed to sell at lesi Uni > ; 11(. tolls. Get for best samples. Oats continue scare ). I 1 but .iro chockod In some degroo In prices by tho su i- I plies of malzo and bran ; prices aro, howovor, steady* [ , and until tho markot is better supplied tho valu i ti ' unlikely to chango. Flour and whoat aro somow_ it ' uracttlod, and aro likely to continuo BO until fis ! actual produco of tho harvest in this colony in! South Australia. Quotations aro :-Flour : Tastnv i ulan, country and town mado (Victorian). £1110 _ t» ' £12; Adelaldo, wiro drossed, £12; silk-drossed, Eil I 10s. ; Magarey _ and Hart's (Adelaldo), £13 ; Cali tor. t ulan, £12; United States, 28s. to 35s. per barral at '. lf.lh. Whoat : Colonial, 6s. to 5s. 2d. ; Adelaide, ii. I al. ; Californian, 4s. od. to 6s. ; feeding sorts, 4s. 91. I Oats : Irish and Scotch, Os. ; Californian, 6s. ; colonial, I new,fis. Od. to0s.; old, As. Gd, Barley: Cape atX j Californian feeding, 4s. to 4e. 8d. ; malting, 5s. to 0- ! to Ps. ; maize, us. Od. ; gram, £16 per ton; bran. la. { £el. per. bushel. Oatmeal : Scotch, £29 to £30 : cold- [ ulai, £40 por ton ; colonial ponrl barley, £30 por tan : ! rCiicJ'sh malt, 11s. to 11s. 3d. ; colonial, 8s. D.-iel Í fa '. .-r.. ;- in'ulirelii'j'leMiimiMiptimi rluce the tîr ?tóiation of-tliu holldaya, and tlio p'ontiful apd «hoxa m supply of (reub sorts render« tho prices of Unod sorti almost nominal jiquotationH, however, aro: currants, id. ; raisins, muscatels, Od. to 7d. ; do., Capo, OJd- t > TJd. ; fig«. CJd to 53d.' ; Frtnoh plums. 8i to 10(1. ; .ried apples, -id. to 4 Jil, por Ib., duty paid. I - Gunpowder allows no improvement, and.quotation! «f bott blasting sorts continuo at 7d. to7jd. por lb. Hams.uro in good dom&nd;, and pricos steady, at from Is. 3d. to Is. Sid. for most preferred brands. Hops aio itt but limited domar d. Prices aro, how- ever, sunu-what firmer, 1801 Kout and Sussex still nuiiil ig from Is. lOd. to 2s. Id. per lb. » ilcttils.-A bolter Inquiry for corrugated iron li springing up, and stocks reducing. Fencing u Ire an 1 one me in fair demand. Pig iron remains dull of «lo, and load but lu littlo inquiry. Quotations aro ai fellow:-Murewood'e patont corrugated galvanizo 1 tinned, 21 tfnd 20 gauges, £30 per ton. Morowood's cor ?ragatcd galvanized, No. 2, or untlnuod, £31 do. ; Tup , per's do., £31 do. ; Hamilton's or othor Eng- lish maker's, £33 do. ; Scotch, £28 do. ; Mora wood's galvanizod tinned plain, 20 anti 28 {auges, ?ESS do. ; Tapper's or othor English maker's, £35 do. ; 5cot.li do., .£34 do. : rod and bar, best Staffordshirj hands, Billi, £10 do«; do,, Scotcli, £0 do.; plata, l £12 do. ; shoot, assorted, £14 do. ; anglo and T, £U Ho. ; hoop, £12 do. J pig, £4 do. ; Swedish, no sales lead-Pipe, assorted sizes, £27 to £28 do. ; sho3t, »Hied, assorted, £20 do. J shot, assorted, £32. Quick- silver, 2s. 2d. por lb. Stool-Blister, £2 5s. por cwt. ; east, £210s. do. Tin-Block, Is. Od. to Is. Od. por lb. ; jplatd, charcoal, IO, platea, charcoal, IX, 22J per cent, advance AViro- Fencing, block, £15 per ton ; g*al tanlzod, NOT. 1 to 5, £K0 do. Zinc-Rolled, light, £82 do. *, do., nails, £2 8s. to £210s. por cwt. Hess beef and pork aro rathor In bottor supply, iu 2ulry Is however still inoilorato, and prices remain ai ist quoted, pork at £5 and beef at £4 per tloroc. Oilmen's stores present but little change for roport. Tho trado aro mostly woll supplied, with tho oxcoptlo-i of fruits and jams, and for these a reduced doman 1 may bo now looked for, fresh fruits being olieap an I ?bundant. Quotations ¡-Blue, thumb, lOd. per lb, ; earrie powder, quarts, IBs. to 14s. per dozen; Suits, bottled, quarts, Os. Od. to 10s. do. ; Janw und jiihVs, lib. this, los. 6d. do. ; lobsters, lib. tina, American, Ss. do. ; macaroni, 8d. per lb. ; vormlcelli, .whit***, Naples and Genoa, 7d. do.; mustard, In talk, Ko. 2, 8Jd. do.; do., in lib. bottles, Iii. to 11s. 0J. per dozen; do., in Jib. bottlos, 7s. i do. oatmeal, colonial, £40 ; * do., Scotch, £31 per ton ; oystors, preserved, lib. tins, 17s. to 37s. Gd. per dozen ; do.. 21b. tins. 24s. do. ; plckloi, quarts, 10a. to 11s. do. ; do., pints, Ss. Od. to Us. do. ; salad oil, pints, 13s. per dozen ; do., half- pints, 7s. Od. to Ss. do. ; salmon, preserved, lib. tins, lol. to 16s. Gd. do. ; sardines, hah es, Ss. Gd. do. ; quarters. Cn. do. ; sauces, assorted, half- pints, 8s. do. ; do. "Worcestershire (Loa and Porriu's), 12s. to 12s. Gd. do. ; starch (Column's), 6Jd. per lo. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 21), Is. lOd. per gallon; do., conoon i liatetl, quarts, 0s. to 10s. per dozen; white wuio, Is. Cd. per ¡rollón. In oils, paints, &c;, a modorato trade Is doing. Tur- pentine Is very scarce, and but small supplies comino* forward. In karoscno, large spoculativo purchases havo r been made since the niall advices, aud mott preforre 1 brands aro stated to havo boen quitted at about 33. Od. per gallon, hut the exact price lias not transpired. .Quo- tations rule as follow :-Linseed oil, raw, 4s, Od. to ts. lOd. ; boiled, 4s. Od. to 6s. ; Cliineso, 03. 4d. to 3s. Od. ; kerosono, 8s. ; colza, 5s. to 5s. 3d. ; turpen- tine, 15s. per gallon. AVhltclcad, 303. to 38s. ; rodloid, £Ss. to 303. per ewt. Bico is coming forward moro freely, and although ' I tho prc.nt arrivals aro unlikely to interfere with nduiir rates, lower prices aro not unlikely to onsui. Patna rice is quoted at £20, and thero has »eon to-day I a better up country demand. Salt, although In fow . hands, i > dull of salo, and shows no inclination toward i f improvement. The season Is against its salo certainly, and with tho setting in of tho curing colson, with moderato supplies coming forward, Improved rates may Lo rtjsonahly looked for. Present ratoi aro-foi* coarse, £3 15s. to £4 ; Uno, £5 10s. to £516s. per ton. Spirits havo undorgono but littlo chango. MartollU and Hoiincsiy's brandies aro getting low in stock. Hennessy's case (tho favounto brand horo), is scares, and w anted. Geneva inclines easier ; stocks aro large, and heavy supplies on tho way. Old tom is In mode- rate Inquiry. Hum, considerably overstocked and dull of sale. Whiskoy, in good supply, but in modérât) demand only. Quotations oro:-Brandy, MartoU'* dark, 12s.; palo, 12*. per gallon; Honucssy's do., 11s. Gd, per gallon ; palo, 12s.; Otard's, 194. G1, do. ; United vlnoyard Proprietors' Company's do., 10s. Od. ; Champagno A'inoyard Proprietors' Com- pany's do., 10s. 0d. ; palo, 11s. do. ; I'luogrowers', 10s. do. ; other brands, do., 5s. to 8s. 0(1. do. ; palo, Martull's or Heuncssy's, 31s. to~2s. per dozen case; do., Unltod Vineyard Proprietors', 28J. do.; Vincgrowers', 20s. do.; Champagno A'luoyard Pro- priété! ¡' Company's, 26s. to 27s. do. ; Clouzeau's, 2U. j do. "Geneva-JDKZ or koy brand, 11s. to 11s. Od. pir four-gallon caso ; do., do., 7s. por half-caso ; do., othor brands, 10s. to 11B. Od. per case. Oin-London old tom, best brands, 2s. Od. per gallon ;? do., do., 14s. to 15s. per dozeu. Rum-East India, 20 to 30 o.p., Is. Od. to 2s. 3d. per gallon ; AVost India, 10 to 12 o.p., 2a Bd. do. ; do., 20 to 30 o.p., 3s. Od. do. Whiskoy -Irish, Mohan's, 4s. do. ; Scotch, best, 4s. Od. do. ; do., brst brands, 12s. Od. to 18s. Od. per dozen case. Tlio Migar market continues largely supplied, and for the finer sortsandcrystalsa fin thor declino lum eusued. The suveral parcels of Mauritius kinds off trod by suction havo boon forced oil, but at low figures. Till lost cale by that means ivas tho cargo of the Ilauu i'i nicholson, which realized tho following rates :-Go*>l rations sold at 21s. ; low to medium countors, 251. t> 28s. Gd. ; good counter sorts, 34s. *, low groy crystal!, 84s. ; yellow crystals, 35s. ; and middling to fine whit.) cryit.Us, 30s. to 37s. Gil. por cwt., duty paid. The tea market remains quiet, transactions bein; mostly confined to moderate trado purchases. liol 1 era aie, howovcr, fow and firm, and there is no proba- bility of any important chango occurring. Quotation! are :-(duty paid).-Good to fluo congou, Is. 10d. to 2s, Od. ; medium to ordinary, Is. 7d. to Is. Od, per Hi. ; orange pekoo, 2s. Od. ; gunpowder, 2s. Gd. to 3s. 3d. Tuubor.-Arrivals, especially of deals, direct fi o*n Gothenburg, havo beon heavy, and prices hiva drooped. An ostensivo salo of flooring lumber, &-*., was held to-day, particulars of which arp gil on in our commercial column. Tobacco.-Mr. AV. K, Hall supplies tho annote! report of this market :-" Last nowa should bo com't dercd favourable to holders ; prices still high In Ann rica. No shipments could bo mado of old Block Vir- ginian of good quality ; but some had been mado of Ntrthorn manufacturo, and unless wo got hotter samples of such than it o have already received, tin ?miall stock of roally good Virginian tobacco wa now havo hore should fotch high prices, , Sal-is of New York manufactured twist havo boen nulo at 2s. lid. (Great Seal twist), and of Virgin!*., nt 4s. to 4s. Gd. Tlio largo stock of light colour still provonts this description from fetch- ing prices which could warrant shipments, thor being much lower hero than in any or the Stitoi, at last advices. Best, samples aro not woith over 2s. 4d. In quantity. Light-plug tons, dark, andhalf pounds, now oro most wonted, and worth 8ä. to 3s. 3 J. for really good Virginian. Most of the Northern mado is of too heavy plug, and unsuitcd. AVo note a great decrease in the stock in Sydney, and delivorim from our own aro largo." AVInes.-Demand for ports and sherries continuos oxcossively quiet. Low-pilccd to medium clarots and champagno aro in inquiry, but only in parcels of vory limited oxtent. MELBOUBNE MARKETS. FRIDAY, JAN. 23. 1 AA'OOIJ, TAAOW, AND HIDES.-Messrs. B. Golds* brough and Co., roport :-" AVool- Since our last ?monthly roport per Northam the wool market liai scarcely boon so brisk, sovoral disturbing causei having contributed towards this result. For soma da} s after tho departure of last mail, or until early in January, the Christmas holidays materially intorfored with tho usual routine of business, causing tho sales tj bo postponed until the English stcainor'was nearly due, pending which we did not considor it ad. visablo to offer wools at auction, buyers bein*; disinclined to oporato until they »ero in pos- session of further advices from the homo markot. On the 13th hist., wo wore placed in possoi Blon of tho EnglUh news, and full details of th» commoncomctit and progression of tho No;ember sale« in London, which wero reported to bo going on at about the closing rates of August, tho anticipated od: yanco on wliicn buyers had beon speculating not lu» lug boon realized. As might bo expected, thii now* lias had a dopiosslng effect, and this was vory evident at tho Bales hold on the 10th Instant, when, out of 7,301 bales catalogued, moro than half wer j withdrawn or bought in on ownt rs' account, the tot ii quantity sold being about 3,300 bales. Biddings wei-j oiccedlngly languid, and for many lots scaroely a>i otter could be obtained, the bulk of thoso that v. ero soli being placed ata decllncon previous rates. Tlicio is still a largo quantity In store and to como in, and if growur could bo induced to mako a Blight concession in prie), no doubt a fair business might still bo transacted ; but t j this thoy do not generally appear Inclined to submit, wo having already received instructions to shlpsevenl lots to tho English market on owners' account. Th] follón Ing ships havo cleared during the month, íuakliif the total shipments to date 03,878 nalos :-Doe. 10, ad- ditional clearance, William Duthie, 2,014 baloi ; Jan. 8, Calliance, for London. 2,430 hales ; Jan. 6, ltesult, for London, 2,418 bales; Jan. 5, Acorlnj ton; for London, 4,703 bales; Jan, 6, Nelson, for London, 4,673 bales ; Jan 15, Cinderella, far London, 3,01*2 . bales ; Jan. 20, Suffolk, fir London, 034 bales. Total, 20,125 bales. Ship monts, Ootobor 25 to Doceinbor 25, 43,75J baloi. Total, October 25 to dato, 03,878 bales. Pikes Current.- Greasy- Inferior to ordinary, 7d. to 8d. ; ordinary to averago, 8jd. to 10d.; rd to superior, lid. to Is. Id. rioeoo.-Inferior ordinary, Is. 3d. to Is. 4d. ; ordinary to ave- rage, la. Gd. to Is. 8d. ; good to superior, Is. 01. to 2s. 2d. Scoured.-Ordinary, Is. 4d. to Is. 7d. ; Sod, 1B. 8d. to Is. lOd. ; superior, 2s. to 2s. 3d. Ides.-Slnco our last roport there has beon na change in this market worthy of notice, prices re- maining steady at lato rates. Tho Trebolgan is noir loading for London, and will toko about 20,000, prin- cipally on curcrs' account. Tallow.-The domand for colonial uso has not boen so brisk, and prices aro .*. shade easlor. AVo quote beef, £35 to £37 ! mixed, £30 to £38 ; and mutton, £40 to £44 por ton. Clearances aro, per Accrlngton, 370 oasks ; per Clnditrolla, 17 casks. Total, 387 casks." Mess». J. II. Clough and Co. roport:-"AVool -Since ourlait S lort por Northam, on tho 24th ult., tlio usual weekly os had not boon held until Monday and Tuosd-iy list. This protracted suspension of the ordinary business of tho market has been attributable to twj causos-tho Intervention ofitheiChrif,tmas holidays, an J the anxiety with which tho home markets reports, of the Novomber salos, to arrivo by tho Madras, wera looked for. Tlio intelligence thus to hand was of such a nature as to confirm buyers In tholr determina- tion to oporato hore only at a roductlon corrospondlnf to that which was advised as having taken placo in London. In tho majority .of Instances, no oppor- tunity had been ofTordol us of communicating to our prindpals the declino which had taken placo, and _fc the first auction sale of tho year-altlioughlho bidding*, up to a certain standard of price, wero conducted with toltrablo spirit-many lots wero passed or bought in o'«. owners' account. Tho readiness, howover, with whtoh this declino was recognized and conceded by thoso of oui constituents who wore either lu town or within accessible distance of It, Justifies us in believing tint Sowers gen orally would lia ve been Inclined to mut c i lows of purchasers who steadily declined tonl T»t'.i*o. The parcels brought forward at tho auotliit ?dei tills week did not tncludo any really flrst-obn ?amples,, all the primo clips of tho Boason h»v log been shipped beforo tho Christina) rocen, ¡those, howover, which woro ottered roallsU prieta fully equal to expectations coiumonsurat-» with tho allorcd condition of tho London marki* Frcmtho week's salo wo may quoto tho followiT, prices:-Greasy, from 71th to lEd. ; hanrtwoshed _ÏÏî i.coiircd from Mil. to 20Jd. ; and fleece from low ¿i 28d. During 1 lie month the two silver etnis nrcseii'tM by us to tho Wostern Districts Pastoral and A_ri_rt -tural Society?for award to tho exhibitors of the w talo respectively of washed and .greasy wool, tho rmZ duco of Victoria, havo been competed for. Tho con test lias excited an unusual amount of Interest and has brought Into competition, somo of the most mai niilcont Bamile« of wool that, in tho opinion of tho judgos," liavo over been produced in thi_ country or elsovvhore. At the conclusion of our auction salo cn Tuesday, these exhibit« wero sold at prices oithcrs'ightly In advanco of, or exactly cor rosr ondlng w ith thoso placed upon them by the judras They numbcicd In all twenty-two, of which thirteen woi o washed und niño vvoro greasy wools, .bonnet» realized for the former ranged from Is. lOid. to 2s Mid per lb., and for tho latter from 12{d. to 16d. per lb" An effort was made by ourllim, at the conclusion of Wie auction sale, to repurchase the exhibits at the prices pnld for them, and forward thom to London for oxl ibltion, as, however, somo of tlio choicest of them BOO intended for the .Tench market, and there was au Indisposition on tho part of ono or two buyers to Sait with them, the project unfortunately fell thromrh 1 o Customs clearances havo bcon as follow for ths wcoks ending : v Lbs. £ Dec. 27,1802. 240,825 ' NJBSI Jon. 8,1868 .1,202,516 83(21 Jan. 10,1803.2,822,618 220*440 Jan. 17,1803. 081,000 68,001 ... . ,. . , 6,007,624 £384,80. Adtl previous shipments from ' Sept. 20 to Dec. 20,1802 .. 8,292,128 093,7,],) 18,299,062 £1,078,62. Tallow.-Thcro havo boen no auction sales of tallon Mneo our last report, all that was in atora having been disposed of privntoly during tho past week, at prices ranging from £38 to £40 nor ton for mixed, w. quoto mutton at from £40 to £43 per ton. There U hut llttlo demand existing for tallow, a largo propor- tion of that which comos to hand bolng shipped by u_ «n i.wnors' account. Bides.-Littlo has been done ni this market since our last report. Good hides hi .i hipping ordor aro worth 18s. Od. to 14s. each on loard. Tho only shipment of tho month has beon per Accrlngton on the Stn January-8,433 hides and ¡P5 ealfsklns." EXPORTS. At the Port of Melboumo from the lath December, 1862, to 10th January, 1863, com- pared with the corresponding period of 1861-2. Quantities. Agricultural im I lemcnts Alkali-Soda, tons! Apparel and slops] Anns and ammu- nition Ariowroot, lb.- .. As¡ halte, tons ., Bags and sacks ., Km k, tons i eer Bottled, gals. Lraught, do. ., Biscuit, tons Blankets and wool lons Bones, tons Books Boots and shoes. Bran, bushels . Iii it ks, No. IniBhvvaro X uildlng materials] 1'utter, tons Co miles, do. Cunvas «.jipeting.. Outages, cartel, Ac. 1801-2.1 447 880 4,162 8,103] 2,896 8,769 204 1,000: 7,068 00 441 2,174 2,4481 2,716 11 sks, empty (cmcirt .. e I cose, tons t hlcory .. LI liiavvaro Ce als, tons Coeoa and choco- late, lb... ( efioo < onfeclioncry . < opper, tons e opper oro, do. . t opperwaro to.dago, tons . ? oiks Cottons .. Cutlory .. Dnipery .. Drugs Druggists' woro. Ëai thcuwore Tancy goods Felt Fish Salted, tons . Preserved Flax 1 lour, tons Pratt Dried, .. lurnlturo.. t lots Bottles .. Plato .. VI indow Giassworo Cold, ounces Crain Barloy, bushels Beans and peas do. Malt, do. Maize, do. Oats, do. Klee Grindory .. Guano, tons Habcidashery Hair Hard» aro and! Ironmongery .. Hats and caps .. Hay, tons.. Hides, No. Hollow aro Hops, lb. Horns and hoofs.. Hosiery Houses .. Ice, tons .. Indlambbcr goods li stmnicnts Musical.. Scientific J ron mid steel, tonsl , ew ellery.. J aolin, tons i ead, tons J i ather, tons loathcrwaro Limo, bushels Live stock Blre's .. > Cattlo, No. Dogs, elo Horses, do. Sheep, do. Machinery Matches and vestal,] Marbia Mats and rugs . Meal-Oat, tons. Metal, yellow, tonsl Mlllhicry .. Miscellaneous Molasses .. Kaphtba and catn-l phliio, gals. .. .nils and scrows, tens ^uts Oil, gals. <, Union's stores .. Onions, tons Opium PnlntB Paintings and en- gravings Paperliangings .. Perfumery PI otographlc geoda Pitch and tar 1 ipes-Tobacco .. ) lants and seeds.. Plate and plated] waro Potatoes ..' Preserves.. Printing materials] ; Provisions 1 Presorvcd i Salted, tons Quicksilver Hags, tons I Hallway materials i Kcsin , Saddlery .. Bago, lb. -.. Salt, tons.. , Shlpchandlcry .. Silks .. .. I Skins ' Slates, Ko. I Soap, tons ., Specie-gold fc peclniens of Natu- ral History .. Fploes Spirits Brandy 'Cordials Gin Perfumed Kum Whlskoy T/ndescribod .. Starah and bluo.. Stationery Stoneware Sugar Tallow, tons Tea.., Touts and tor paulina .. 'jlnibor .fin., Tinworo .. T<brceo .. Cigurs .. j 'J t bacconists'ware T-olsnnd utensilal Toys and turnery Turpciitino and] varnish, gals. .. Twine and thread Vinegar, gals. Watches & clocks! i Wine I Woedcnwaro - ; Woil, 11>... 640] 2,671 140! 400 27,740 .69 1,314 1,05 8,1811 20 108 2,653 100 8,030 2,437 6,138] 140 < °600| 3,101 629,948 826 1802-8. £ , 207 . 160| 1,477 608 10 800 1,109 id\ S8l| 790 674 1,115] 2,787 1,600 1,108 1,016 1,889 020 242 132 283 13,186 1,304 100 22£ 2,067 1,508 4,631 087 1,359 507,132 12,824 013 1,260 4,401 226 100 26 HI 1,056] 4,023] 2,082 2,194 18,870; 21,0781 2,288 881 1,704 4,012] 10,431 292] 3,914 87 1,073 80 2,040 486 120 814 936 129,7071 0.687 129 8,686 20 2,168 2,160 134 1,2 120 1,434 1,476 4,100 100 1,260 18,290 0,626 0,052 '217 1061 240 1.1 l61 874 26 2,950 2,105] 1,165 1,785 1,900 lTeoc 120 HO 287 62,057 0,203 138 1,026 132,614 8,870 80,045 !' 234] 'IT 8,050 ' 400 ''7,986 1.23S 5,109 20 1,78) 5,300 32 ,04S 120,555 4.00S 0,888 0,002] 637 179 8,744 690 00 217 4,969 5,018 8,960 8,880 12,686 10,603 3,120 1,816 7,769 2,193 211 100 426 _. 7,089 10,805 1,100 1,7» 126 863 488 - 166 109 16 H 78 £17 Î7 488 40 6,916 3,168 490 147 200,532 355,087 105 6,340 5,401 7,991 2,727 \- 6 4,00i 2J "¡M» 479151« 