THE BUSH FIRES. 'We regret again to be obliged to devote a large portion of space to the reporto of the damage occasioned by the late disastrous bush .fires. 'PIKES' AT SMYXHESDALeT It is scarcely an exaggerafadn' to say that for nearly a -week the whole country around Smythes dale has been on nse. Yesterday, however, there was a great increase in the number -and .fierceness of the bush fires. :. Durinsr the whole 'dav the heat ?was intense, and clouds of. smoke occasionally enveloped the town. From time to time reports ?were brought in of fierce ;fires!invariou8 directions, : but such reports were, not required, as 'flame and dense smoke could be seen, rising from the woods; on every hand. Y At Bteck Hill there was a brisk and quick-spreading fire' on Tuesday, which inr vaded the Chinese settlement there, and forced the Chinese to 'retreat precipitately. We have not learned the amount of damage . inflicted, but they (the Chinese) succeeded 'in carrying; off so much 'of their effects as enabled them to rig 'temporary tents and re-coniinence housekeeping in a safe spot. ./.Yesterday there was : a new fire in the same, lo cality. Beginning in a southerly direction it swept steadily on, consuming under wood, grass,, &c.;, in its course, and in many places leaying| only the' charred remains of a few; trees pn. its, black trail. ' The. engine-house' and' blacksmitn's. shop of the TJnited Atzstralian;Company being iii its course were burned to ashesj the indestructible portibri of the machinery alone surviving the ra vages of the flames. None of the adjoining cbinr panies sustained any . lbss, the; bush ' and grass being scanty in the direction of the late, Tyne . mouth Castle Company^ as. also- towards that of the Duke of Wellington and Lug8r Companies. Late in the' afternoon ', it; .was ' rumoured that in the direction of Mr. Parkinssn's Hotel, ©n. . the Linton road, there was every ,'fear that a great amount of property! would be de stroyed, ' the flames being then proceeding in the direction of the Gemini Company's claim. In the direction of Ross's Creek the bush has baen burning for several days, and yesterday the fire extended' to the neighborhood of Browns. When it got the length of Hard Hills, Mullocky Point, some Chinamen settled there attacked it manfully, beat it down with shovels and green boughs, and succeeded in staying the progress of the flames at the brow of the hill, otherwise some cottages in an adjoining gully must have been destroyed. Another fire originated in the vicinity of Browns, and is understood to have been caused by, a spark from a fire kindled' by members of the prospecting party at work there, and carelessly left; when they went off work in the morning.— ?Grehville Advocate, January 1. FIRES AT CRESWICK, Writing on Thursday, our Creswick correspon- dent states as foliowsL- Yestterday was one of the most sultry and disagreeable 'days we have ex- perienced this season, hot winds blowing all day with clouds of dust. Towards the close of the day every indication of a large fire was observed in the direction of Snieaton. Later in the even- ing information was received in the township that from opposite the Three Castles Hotel, in Smea- ton, down to Mr Andrew Mather's, a lot of valu- able property, crops, &c.;, had been burnt. A fire, supposed to have been caused by the care- lessness of some charcoal burners, near Spring Hill, destroyed a great portion of the fence round the cemetery, and but for the .untiring exertions of Mr Lewers arid'othersj would have swept away the whole of the fence, the railings round the graves, and the sexton's house. Mr Lewers left some men on the ground to watch all night, in case the fire should again break out. ?- Fires were, also observed in the direction of Ascot and Sulky Gully. A thunderstorm, accompanied by vivid flashes of sheet lightning and rain/ occurred about ten o'clock; the air has been coo1, since.1— Ballaa- ratStar,Jsm.2- _'? /?'?' ITBES AT MORSE* 8 CKEEK, '-.*,' Fearful bush fires are raging all around Morse's Creek, and near the lower bridge on the Buckland seven horses and one cow are known to have been burned to death. There may be more, but at pre sent it cannot be ascertained. It seems as if the poor animals fled before the fire until pulled up by an embankment, which they were unable to get up. — Ovens Constitution, Jan. 1. , , .?????. . GHEAT PIBE AT BMEATON. , V A correspondent of the Creswick Advertiser (Jan. 8) says : — ' This district was visited on Wednesday with the most destructive fire which has yet been known, and, although the locale of its origin is well seen, the cause is, I believe, a matter of speculation at present. Mr Minster has had some etonebreakers apprehended on sus picion of causing it, but I have not heard what foundation he has for such, beyond the fact that the men were in his paddock, breaking stones for the road contractors. I believe it was about twelve o'clockatnoon when the fire was first discovered in the paddock of Mr Minsters, opposite the Three Castles Hotel and in a very Bhort time about 20 acres ot his crop were destroyed. Thence it at tacked the crop of Mr M'Coll, and as quickly an nihilated about 35 acres. The next farm of Mr Curtin fared rather better, as although the owner was from home and I believe at the same time protecting his 20-acre allotment on the plains from a similar visitation, his laborers were at dinner, and of course, as soon as the danger was known, atttempted to stay its progress, while in the meantime Mrs Curtin had obtained the assist ance of the men from Messrs Dunn's farm and their united efforts had the effect of confining it ts about 9 acres of crop. Beyond thi3 it assumed more gigantic proportions, and attacking Mr Mark Rider's farm from various points entirely consumed the whole of his produce, both in the field and in Btackj with the exception of about three acres; having consumed the produce of 67 out of 100 acres. Mr MoffaU, -adjoining, has been nearly as great a sufferer,' haying lost about 70 acres of crop. I am 'glad to say that here the fire v/aa stayed from doing further damage, but not without immense exertion on the part of (he men who were employed in great num bers on these and the adjoining farms, as the fire several times crossed the road and imperilled the farms of Mr M 'Andrew and Mr Ritchie, and ulti mately appeared to have taken possession of Mr Mather's, a quantity of dead timber which was on the ground, giving it a position from which it could not be driven ; but fortunately there waG a large patcii of peas close adjoining which were not in a state for combustion, and the fire having been subdued on the,: other; side, all fears were allayed for the safety of the crop.' The same journal reports a conflagration at the' Cemetery: — .' Wednesday; last was one of the 'hottest days we have had for some time; the ther'^ jmometer showing upwards of; 100; degrees in the (Shade. . In the afternoon the news spread that the i Cemetery was on fire, a report'which- proved tor jbe correct.^ ,Mr White, the , eexton, at -about 2. {p.m. noticed the grassy on r fire, whichy whilst a jfier ce - north wind- blew high,; ' communicated' to i the trees. He at^pnce -with his -family -began to jbeat the flames backhand with -the : assistance of iMessrs Lewers, Lees,; Carpenter, Burt, and others* . Jwhoin the .meantime with Beyer aLminersfiom.- the iRed Streak had arrived: on the.spot, succeeded M subduing .the .running , fire.;:andi saving -the jlodgeyi^which for; h several /. hours ;h was so aniich; in-- clanger,,- that .Mr .-Whiter had col Jlected^he furnituKei^.c-^lor; removal* [When out reporter,. .at, 8 p.m., yiaited the spotj he still 'foiind' ^several trees inside the Cemetery; burning,, all the - grass, was singed, presenting a'dreary appearance^ only relieved by; the' .white gravel* walks.;,, -Thei bush fire; ; outside .the Cemetery , .extended ; over a mile , or ...tw.Q towards; {- Eagle 'Hawk: Gully, and during the; night ^looked majestic. ? -It is Btated that .some, Italians ? jn-.the. .neighborhood ithrough the .conflagration vjost . fjrom 150 '-to 200 * cords, of -firewood,; to; the . yaiue ?? ot £100* A jtrayeUerwho arrived here on Wednesday reported i that -there, were , bush^fires vfrom Metedith tor Baftiaw^ an: extent of. twentyrBix. miles.'. .. : i ::i.'5f;T:- t1/-'.; fibeb at' wnircHEESEA. :? '?- -:i ''?'-?' ! We' learn, .ifrom the Geeionff'Advertiser of Satur-i day* i that on /Wednesday; last: frightful fires took place in this district; , One 'appears to' have origin hated in the neighborhood of Iriverleighv as 'about twelve o'clock^ an immense body 'of :'- smoke was seen in that direction. In lees than one hour from' what appeared to'he the first outbreak, nearly the whole of the grass upori the Barwon Park Estate was completely' destroyed. 'Crossing ? the ' Colac; road; about a mile'from this place, the fire reached ihe i Lambing :. Hill Paddock. This paddocki skirts the bush. or forest. : : It t?as here that the frightful grandeur of a bush fire was to be soeii -r-the:simple words 'bush fire', are' far too in- ? adequate to convey the meaning of Buch a whole sale conflagration. With considerable difficulty sheepjcattla,' and horses Were saved. '? In this one instance alone from seven to eight thousand acrea^ of good-grass, . the proper iy of T;' Maidment, ' Esquire, haa beenburnt. About half past twelve a* mounted express reached the Bar Won Hotels pray- ' ing )-.toi immediate assistance at Murphy's farm ;- immediately allharidB that could be spared' from-'1 the township started as a volunteer : fire brigade.1 Upon reaching the farmitTvas foundthat not only wasthedweuingand outhousBS envelopedinsmoke but the wholeplace was nearly encircled with long, yellowtorigues of flame. Bedding, clothing, and other portable matters were being go^realy to be' removed, when fortunately, thefierce hot wind that1 blew for a short time i lulled;' This enabled the brigade to partly stem back the fiery hurricane, and the house— and that alone-— was 'saved. The' fire now took' an easterly: direction, burning up the greater part of a paddock, the property of J; R. Hopkins, Esq. 'In its leeward course the fire was still more destructive, '? swallowing up in its onward : career whole farms. The1 following' persons have been losers to a fearful extent— Mr Richard Plant, Mr . John ^Wood, 'Mr Robert Simmons, 'Mr .Stewart,' Mr Leek, and- Mr Mathieson^ There are also several others, the names of whom are not yet to hand. The per sons above-mentioned are simply hard working industrious farmers/ and are for the most' part completely burnt out. The appearance of ther country during, the whole ! afternoon was solemnly grand — the'' lurid glare of flames that had reached the topmost branches of idried-up trees were occasionally seen 'hissing' forth in festooned fringes of yellow flame; ' Upon the' same day another fire broke out upon the French*' man's Piains ; this in it3 downward course com pletely destroyed many ;- thousands' 6f a'cresi Charles : Beale; -Esq., Birregurra, ds a loser to a most serious ' extent. The 'greater 1 part of the Birregurra Farmers' Common is also destroyed. The miles of stone walling now being- put up by G. Aitken, Esq., Mt Hessevprobablyj saved that run from destruction. : 'A black charred patch' of about a thousand acres is visible. near' liake Miir deduke, the ^property of A. Hopkins.'1 It is much' to be feared that the first fire alluded to originated in the careless' lighting of a pipe at a farm near Inverleigh. We hope that the authorities in that: qtiarter will . thoroughly investigate so seiibuci a ?matter.^ -;'.: '??'??? ??. ? :????.?'???.;?:.?;? h. :-: ? ? ?:: : ' ? . DESTEtTCXIVE PIBE AT KYNETON. ' - iKyneton and the surrounding district was, on Wednesday, visited by a fierce1 hot wind,, which amounted to a positive hurricane. The.storra -was at its height about 2 p.rn.: ' The smbltS. from' bush fires was seen'' scudding before the. wind ini, .various directions ;. indeed the town might be said' , to! be surrounded by bush fires. Several old colo nists say that it waa the hottest and most stormy day they have known in -this district, since the celebrated ,' Black : Thursday;' ' JL. bush fire raged with great fury in the neighbourhood of Bald Hill. It apppars to have had its origin, about one o'clock, in the careless-' ness of some fencers, who were fencing Mrs Swinton's paddock. It ran rapidly along the. fences, and the ' dry grass soon* left bare McCarthy's, Dalliston's, Darby's, Argyle's and Halliday's paddocks, and doing considerable damage to the Burrounding crops, especially those of Messrs Darby and Crawford — the former losing four acres of very fine crops, which had been reaped and stooked. We hear that the hor ses and cattle in the variouB paddocks escaped'; It 'is difficult to obtain accurate information as to the amount of damage done. Some declare that no less than thirty acres of oats have been destroyed, others think this an exaggerated estimate. Mr Timothy M'Carthy's loss is esti mated at £150; for not only ia hia grass des troyed, but a small house in the paddock, and some . fifty tons of split firewood, tpgethor with all the fences, have been totally destroyed. Between seven and eight o' clock the fire spread a lurid glare over the whole of the north eastern horizon, but a sharp fall of rain, accom panied by a lull in the 8torm of wind, aoon led to the subduing of the wide spread conflagration. A portion of Mr Dowsett'e crop, near the rail wayv was accidentally fired on the same day, by the sparks from a pa'sning locomotive enging, 16 was, however, soon subdued. A considerable brish fire also raged at some distance from Kyne toii, in the direction of Kangaroo Creek. We ,hayG not received any particulars from that ; quarter. The total loss from bush fires during the '.past fortnight, in this district, must be very consid erable. We hear that Messrs Ewart and Shepherd i son's ' Saw 'Mills; situated in the Seven-mile 'Forest, were destroyed by a bush fire on WedneB jday.1 'The' water-wheel' was saved by the water jb'eing turned upon it; and : the steatn engine was ?also got- out: Several cottages adjacent to the jmill were destroyed. - Accounts have reached us lof the destruction of some 300 acres of ^yariqus 'erops oh the Loddbn,' belonging: to Mr Btyden. ;The bush fires in the KLynetoh District are, still, 'raging; even as we go to press, pillars of smoke imay be seen rising in different quarters'.— -Kyneton \Guardian,' San. Si ' ?:^':-:i~-:~.':y:^-'''' ? ' J'-:': i '''. ' ':!;|!'.;.' iFff^^lN ™B TAlBOT-'piSTBIOX, . ' ..; , ,.' ?'? j (The., !.dama'ge '?- done by the... jjush, fires that jhaye.; .been .'raging! , around ;Jiis since Tues-. 'day ?: v last ;'.., '? has.. , been, ,, yery' great. A,t jM'Cal^um's Creek . and , Mount Beckworth the crops . on several farms .. haver ?been completely burnt up, one farmer, a Mr RuBsell, residing on ?the creek,; being 'a loser ofr several fhundred pounds by t£e fire,]as we were .informed yester jday. 'Other'farmers have lost a. great deal by iwhat really amounts, to ,'a gre^t calamity. Nearly the' whole pf, the country between the, Pyrenees: 'and Ballaaratpr^septs evidence of a large con-, fiagration having swept over it, and the amount of loss occasioned must in the aggregate reach a [very ..high -. figure. , f On ^Wednesday [evening, ,when7 the' fire C'was . Vat. its . height,' a slight jchange of wind occurred, , : and the- : surround- , ing^viesw was;' one of the most extraordinary we ever ^witnessed. ? What with the density- of the -, atmosphere,' the clouds of duet, and the long line of smoke arising from, the bush fifes, and amalga mating with the dust, the country around ap peared to be enveloped ina dense fog. At White Hbrae Reef, Amherst, and about the diggings thereabouts, several tents were destroyed by the fire at this time, and the flames spreading'|through ihe fog which prevailed, gave a most unearthly and ghastly aspect to the whole view. ; We , obr ^erve that similar phenomena appeared in several other parts oi the colony on Wednesday evening. During the night there wasa great deal of lightning and thunder, but very; little rain.' Yesterday th8 weather was much colder, a heavy southerly fereeae prevailing throughout the day;— -Talbot Leader, January 2. -,'?'. ... , :? ?.?-. , j ???'.????? ??^??^ '???'; 3PIBES AT ABAHAT. ' - r ???'?'-' ?'-????? ? | Wednesday was one of the hottest days that has been' experienced by the residents of Ararat for many years previous. '', The hot winds that set in at an early hour of the day, continued without iktermission till late in the eyening ; the .gusts In. sbme instances being so hot as; literally to re semble the breath of a furnace. Almost every dne was more or less prostrated by the great heat, and active employment was generally deferred till ??a' change in the temperature set in. On the runs of some of the neighboring squatters, the grass Isjeems totally devoid of the; slighest sign; of vege tation, crumbling into dust at the slighest pres sure. On the 'plains of Langi-Lbgan, a large fire made its appearance on the same night, and, irapidly spreading, it presented a magnificent spectacle about midnight. We have since learned that 16,000 acres of fcerbage has been destroyed 'by tbis-nre; which 'is still burhihg.— -^raraf A'dver tiser, Jan; '2;1 ? '?'.; v;:'''' ;vil':_ '^ '; '': ;' ? ' '; ? ''.J1'.V'' PIRESATiETHBElbQE. ......,?? , j if No less .than four large bush fires,' says the Gfeelong Advertiser. ;of yesterday, ' were visible from Lethbridge, in the direction of the Steiglitz forest, on. Saturday evening,; and during the whole of ^yesterday a dense smoke enveloped the country to the westward. ?, Along the Moorabool the grass is' so dry that the slightest spark would set it. in a blaze, and some portions of - the riyer 'are so low that they look like a succession of shallbw muddy; water holes, rather than a running stream.' A Lethbridge correspqrir dent of the 'same journal .writes m. follows:—:, '*\ TheJ last' day of December, 1862J is, not likely to be soon forgotten at Lethbridge. Old Father Time seemed to bring up all the elements in great i brce .and intensity, to mark the parting year, as a'landmark in the memory of the; people, or else to mark his displeasure at unthankful recipients of his bounty. The morning was calm and beau tiful/ the sky was not cloudless, but the clouds did not attain- such an elevation as to intercept the fierce fays of the sun. About eleven o'clock ajmtahetwind struck up, from the north. To wards noon the wind increased to a gale, and be came perceptibly hotter — the thermometer ran up to 95 deg. in the shade, and clouds of smoke en veloped the face of the country. The sun hung near and lurid, and tinged every object with a san guineous-red color, a sure sign of a 'scorcher.' At two p-m, the down passenger train was seen as usual passing through the corn-fields, but no danger was apprehended, but Bhortly after the reapers in Mr Robertson's field were startled by a tejrrible bush fire rushing , down straight on the . oaten field in which they were engaged through the Native Creek run. In less than ten minutes the plain was one sea of fire and smoke — it seemed entirely beyond human aid to preserve the neigh boring farm houses and corn-fields from entire destruction. A cry of terror was quickly, spread to the neighbors, and every body ran to the scene ofithe fire. For some time they battled success fully with the fierce intruder, btit at last it sprang into the above- mentioned field of oats ; the oats were nearly all in etook, and stooks and stubble were quickly in a blaze, aB well as a long piece of: brush or log fence, which added addi tional-intensity to the scorching blaBt. De struction seemed inevitable, but the men. were not discouraged; they worked with1 deter mined resolution, and at last succeeded in steer ing it along liiio a suu ui uurijju wnetu, which arrested its progress. Scarcely had they time to draw breath when a huge column of smoke was seen rising in the Government paddock, and a sheet of fire was rushing down along the railway line, directly on the farm of the Messrs Finn. No time was to be lost. A few were left to watch the burning logs, and the reBt ran with blackened faces and bags and branches in their hands a dis tance of one mile against the hot ,blast, and thoy were rowarded, for they succeeded in stopping the progress of the flames at the cross road, and speaking parliamentary (as Mr Duffy would say) they then adjourned to the nearest waterhole for tefeeshsae&S.; Aad/iiSEa it may fco xam&skcd; that Mr *Duffy and the Commissioner of Railways had carefully hugged the rank grass in this paddock during . the year. People who had asked to rent the paddock foij j grazing purposes were told abruptly that it was j required . for railway purposes. Thsf might/as jwell be told it was; preserved. to burn ©ut the ! neighboring farmers and squatters. It may/lie | said that the Commissioner of Railways had don^ I everything to prevent a fire. Butwhai:hashe ) done ? He aent a party of men about' tne : 1st of j December last to burn'thirgrass along the line,, but i how did he' expect green grass to burn ?^ The (men did what -was possible, ;?they )i^ried7sbme jdry.tusspcks and scorohed''the test ; ori'^plMn, j words, manufactured' so much tinder along the! linei;r_eady to igmte at the fiirBt sppikV sIf hecd^d not know ho- yv' to prevent/ a fire, whydid he'nbt employ a 'practical man who did? Why . beiiJaJr jhis woeful ignorance, or ^why ? performthis.BOleEan mockery at' the expense of the cokntry.' . It way. now four o'clock; and the down luggage' train was' ! seen approaching; drawn' by two engines puffing! lout immense clouds of ominous black smoke. The' imbnBter was evidently intent upon having a bite ibf the grass preserved forhim by the President of ,the Board of Land and Worksi -! He had' just en tered the small cutting on Mr Siitherlan'd's fatfin1 | when, he sent a shower of red coals intb the' graSBi- !@ne minute- scarcely elapBed before the flanie was: itwenty feet high. ? In order fully to appreciate the! jdanger which' at this moment was imminent, it ibJ, [necessary to stt.te. that this' fire was in this side'b'f |ar;c6rn-field in ! the middle 'of a ^ c^tivatiotaarea p^ SlOO© acres; interspersed1 with patches of glass,; jcottages t and gardens, the corn' pjfiiacipally : ia ' 'stook, the thermometer at 98 degrees, and a ter-' xific gale of hot wind blowings But the' men' jwere not to be daunted. They had twice that day1 jbefore overcome1 the devouring ; element (at le'aat. jas far as the^farrns were 'concerned), and why not do so again. Their numbers had also in--' greased. There could not have been less than 120 jmen present armed with branches and bags. But Ithis was the 'battle of the war,' the unequal! struggle was long and doubtful; Several times'' jfchey- were repulsedv with a loss of shirts,' hair, and moustaches, and as often returned with* jrenewed;'f igor.' Success at ' last crowned their efforts, and their victory was complete. The !de« struetion of property was riot, great; but seldom have we seen men so completely exhausted. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon, men who Jihus endanger their lives and voluntarily staiid up [ to save their neighbours. And too much indigna- , tion cannot be expressed at a Government who' thus deliberately and inconsiderately' sets fire to. the property of their fellow subjects. But let the' Government be forewarned. Here is; a gigantic1 evil which needs a prompt and immediate remedy*' or the consequence will be1 seriousi' After night- ' fall the wind veered round to the west, rolling back impenetrable masses of smoke, dust, ashes, and red emberB on the burning plains. A thou- '! sand fires gleamed round in the pitchy darkness;' The thunder rolled overhead, accompanied by' bright flashes of lightning.- A refreshing showet ! of rain fell about 11 o'clock, and thus closed the ' skirt of ' the 'old year' on a scene of grandeur ! and terror which is' seldom witnessed/' .'.' ; j ' ? ' ?'?VXSBa'''--M iHAHaXLTON.'. ,' V.'.'jl'^. ' I Wednesday last was . a day that will be long remembered round Hamilton. 'About, nine ^ -?' clock in the morning a V strong' hofc '^indi'v began to blow, arid continued' 'to increase as the day. progressed. By midday it was, blow? r uiig a perfect gale; arid as hot; as a furnace. ,;. jByj'; two o'clock in the afternoon the whole town ^waa enveloped in smoke, and it was quite [evident thai .numerous ,and , extensive fires were going on on ' several directions. They continued to burn 4 during the whole afternoon, and their glare, couldv be seen in all quarters after nightfall. We', have,, r as yet, only an imperfect knowledge of tib.e; damage done, bui we already know that it is'' very considerable. Many of the small farmers on ? tlie Grange Burn have been entirely burnt ' out, Ipsing their crops, and in many' instances having their fences completely destroyed. We are told' that Messrs Bankin, Lovyrie, ' Forsyth, Walker, ? Spring andM.'Kinnon are among the sufferers. Most of the runs in the neighborhood have suffered to some extent, but we haye not yet learnt of any , very Berious loss sustained by. any squatter. The'/ fires ar£ said to have been originated by a man working on the Cavendish road, haying left a fire burning near his tent while ho was away at his work. It is really incredible that any man/ should be eo culpably negligent. Here numbers' ' oif poor men will sustain absolute ruin, in some ' cases, from this gross act of negligence.— Hdniiltott'r' Spectator, Jan. 3. ' ' ???—?» ;!.'?'' ! ' MBEB NEAR BATTiESFoSbD. ?' ' ^ We regret to record that in addition to the...' deBtructiori of the ' store of Mr Tredinick, , men- './ tioned in our last, considerable damage has been ? dbne in other places. The value of the property :; destroyed by the late fire has been estimated at i r £1200, and of this amount Messra Wheeler- arid ,,' Co. have sufltained a loss of half tl^e sum, which is covered by insurance. Mr Treainiok, the .. owner of the store is however an actual loser of. ',,- about £600. On Wednesday afternoon a fire ?( broke out on the Elevated PlainB, at the: Old, Racecourse, which, threatened considerable in- ,.-.. jury to the property of the small farmers in . that neighborhood. About a hundred men, or .-. more, assembled, and, with branches succeeded .j with great diificulty in beating the fire away.. It then took a dyreotion towards the junction ! of Sailor's Creek .and Jim Crow Creek, and , i from there toBryce s Flat, a number of men fol- .,, lowing its course and saving from destruction a j number of tents on the line of its devastating progress. , In the darkneBs of night, the Elevated PlainB presented a singular spectacle. Large ; tufts of grass remained alight, extending over a , wide 'extent of ' the plain, which burned and r flickered like the lamps of a great city. At Spring Creek also* we Lear that u fire broke out, but a .,, number cf the inhabitants succeeded in extin- ,'.'''''. guishing it without any damage being done. The most destructive fire of which we have heard, ' occurred at Holcombe, the reBidehce of J. Jose- . land, Eaq., J.P. Shortly after dinner time on '?? Wednesday, the fire which had been burning in ','..]'? the neighborhood, suddenly extended to Mx\';'. Joseland's paddook, and in Bpite of prompt assist- '\ ance, from thirty to forty aores of wheat ] were entirely destroyed. From there the / '! fire extended to the farm oocupied by Mr V. Byrden and destroyed over 300 acroo of ?.'.' crops, principally barley and oats, aud doing some daraage to tiio maoMaory. By this time ,- HVM'HW',yinjr-.7.T.n.-.»iWiii'iiii ?' ' there- were .about two Jmndredr mea rendering as sistance ;and- by 'their ? exertiens the fire only slightly touched the' farms of .Mr Blackwell, Mr Dyer and MrB.Dawsorw - Mr Moore didnot how ever,. escape* sa fortunately ;.: all efforts having failed to. prevent .the .extension-) of, the flames in that dkectionj;and fifty acr.es of wheat .-were spee^ dily.r consumed.:- 1 The; wind Athena fortunately ekaneed,;fcnd the fire was beaten tout/without fur the* damage^: A hundred men however, remained onihe watch 'all night to render assistance in case of necessity ., -A ;fireialso broke out at :Mr Orde's tJpper/;Lo.ddon .Hotel, . G-lenlyoni' 'The ^careless ness ofsome travellers,; in; this instahcSi is known to .have been; the : cause i of Ahe conflagration; they haying left without: extinguishing their camp fires. T$p. great/amount ;ofidamage ? waacdonei but con* eiderablealarm prevailed for some time that, the consequences would be .moat Betioua.-£iDdylesfbr& JSxpressi $aa. 3.]y;:,/' : a. r ?.;,.-,. '.:-' r^-- -in-'; '???(???' ??''? ?' ;; '; ? DiSTaTJOTirE FisB Hi ^the Loddon District.— -: 'V{£ bwa ibeen informed ;by a gentleman lately r.eturned^ from .the .localityirthat atthe station of Mr Jamea Bryden, on the Lpddon,vaboutr forty miles ftora;(Sfen'ahurst, a^flre^Mokeioiifc on'Wedr neffdayevening llast, which^totfmpretely destroyed the* butbuildingii; a very large, reapirig; machine. and:^b6TitIvi©ibpp' b^h'els'ofr oats,' the , whole': amount' '/of the' deBtrocjipn being abotit . £3000., J&r;^BrydeWi' he f- states;' was not insured. It .j-is. supposed that the fire ^vas' communicated' by' a. bushv:fire; that 'was burning .near -.the station.-'- , SfhjdigolAdvertisefi . Jan,\4.' ;' ;^/ ;!',''' ,.' ', -'\,' ..'.',' '..' ''. ' . 'ci)BsgcHir.crri6N JOB~A;8'q%-miJi .'AT- MtiuJEsnw ' Qvt%V.— OQx' Smythes;daW;'c6rtesppnden writes' as '.*f o jlbw$ fr^The |; buitf^ ^^fire; lately; raging^in.' this' vicfriljty' totally. destroy^dMr ]^'Gee's;8aw-mUl at, Murdering d^ill^/ $nid 'diner) 'bm)ldings'Vai6ining.:' The Ibss' Wrtpt /yei sscertaiMdi'.tiiough^theTsawn'^ timber on the ground was yalue4:at(,£100p. The. property ? was uniBSured/^'Ba^aflraif Star ,|Jatt. 3. '. Fib# AT^pjtTNT Be4I^a.-^A' | large; bush fire ^ has , been raging since yesterday morning between the1 tiowitship arid Mount BeaUba,; and the strong breeze of laBt evening will cause it very large ex tent of rground to be bvxm-l.-r-Maryborotigh Ad vvriisef.^Saa.^ 2. . ?' . :i ..:;„;'.;/.? .??; -??-..? -: ,.?;..?:,-..- .The\Rbbs on Mount MAtraDON.—Bush/fireB .? arp, raging, to, a very.-;cpnBiderable extent inthe. Western Districjts at o the ; present time. [ In the: Mbiin$ ..Maeedbn district, thejfires;arej.of aimost: alffirn^ng^.descriptioin.j and,, are -raging, furiously r both' | on [the ;Mpunt and 3 in sthe valley beneath; There is ^running, rirepxfending nearly from Mid- 1. die' ,^.uUy. .to.-i^eilor Plains, and near Lancefield Bt'ation^abput/iLOjpop acres of grass, has been deB trpyed,',and Be.yeyal1fields. of wheat and Pats have beenparjtly rconsumed.,, T^e;. splitters, have also been.largetsufferers, and agreat quantity: of split timber ;(,htis . been .burned,; tpge.tb.er -with acres of: feiices. ^p?he;:fire;;t^s ; completely baffled all the ? attepptB.whiclihayebeen.made tOiSubdueit, and it^rigin if attributable to: accident, aaiar as is at prejent, .known. ' ' Thp^fire has .. now been raging io£ s'eveyaVday^, and great damage hasibeen done. It ianpw; nearly burnt out., ?-?-. -vano n? -?.-?? .-, ;??'--?? The Bush Fires and the La?* Las, Cascade.-— ' About a .week .ago, . by some unexplained; accident, the-lbng \dry ;;'grass' in' the yicinityofthe Lai Lai cascade ,\?as ;;sfet ^bn' /flreV, 'Jthis .,was .speedily burned.1 'aiiidthVfa^ sides' f6'f the'1 raVme,;Jdestrbying all the luxuriant ?vegetation a- cbiisiderablb way dowpi^ the'oreek. Until this is renewed 'by ; next' ; season's growth, LalLal will;be f.^hbrii of a'portiohpf. itsTattraction. I^obe Fiee§ neab Castibmaine. — We regret to have to say. thatbuah jfires .in this.: district are raging' with increased intensity. ; From Kyneton torCaBtleniainef the ; land u yesterday rwas almost literally a mass of flame, : especially irii.the direc tion of the .GreenvHills, i near; Malmsbuxy, where, ?we ay e^infqrmed^a large extent of standing crops ha^be'en^cpnsun^ed. At.'ten o'clock last evening the(jrefl,ec^i9n-fipm, the (clouds ^u -that direction,' as it appeared ja.Castilem.aine, was;; as .'o£ ?. a. furnace. ? About ',, two:^o,' clock ; .- yesterday/ ; a; . tremendous ' columnjpfjBQipka; appeai;e;d\above the ranges divi ding'Forest, frpm: Fryer's.. Creeks,,, andr on the side pf-jthpiatter. ;5Ihe. cloud; commenced on tho;-wesi;Qin, enjdipf. ijthe ridge, -and rapidly rah to , the eastward. -, .We expect !ta hew of much los8^h,aYing- been ^sustained hat Fryer's Creek. Mount /. Alexander has. beenj con. .fire ofor. several days,i and thelocal public will; learn iwith regret thatjhe ,, dairy.. pf,, Mr, ^^ Stack; has ??-. ^^been included ?within thp ^diestrucfcite ravages ©f the flames. . The grMsrin-,tne yicinity of;,hiBoland waslset on fire, accidenljjly,ipf qQurse.'.by i.the persons5'who, pic nicked there duringrthe; ;^ew;Year holidays. Mr Stapk ; endsavpr.ed . byi^unremitting : exertions; to extinguisltithe flte, ?. buti all i his : efforts wereJun availing. \ .Castlemaine .yesterday: -? evening sseemed to be surrounded by a belt of fire1, ..'arid .the heat' duringrthe dayr was, intense... ., A^due .north wind blew.' frpm^ ''sxfcixiBf-J.xip ' tp'^^^^the^^ernpon,, when.ii riiidd'en'.cli≱ occ,ured'to the south-jWest, andclptldrp'f dust 'eny'4lbp^d;.the.tpjwn, '&r; fully an hbiur.- Tfie titier^pmeter; Reached 1,03 deg. in the slija,&e;\~Mpt(nt;* Alexander Mail^, Jan.. ',5. '?:. : /? FiBEy t iN-('Gip?S; LANb^Th'e; '. e^ent', ofc ,buBh, fires' this reason ' in North\Gipps'oIj'andVhave beeu unequalled within pur memory.. ^ On; Sujiday last the whole,' of Airley Paddoclt, \vf% ; destroyed by fire)'aiid it was, only by ;the i.mo'st active exertions of the' ^ owner,1 Mr ^Thomson, , and, those, who kindly aided him,' hiB stock of cattle ^ere asj^ven off. XJ(p to the time of .'pur;, going to .press; thg fires were; otillburpiilg alliound^. and .'.unless', we, soon get a change of weather jve b('elie, ye th.gr e' will, not be a blade' b£'grass left', on the. Qipps Land, plains. On' Monday a , fire1 'B^arfced ? pri ^the, , .Racecourse, : caused b'y' k lighted matc)i being ca^elesslj thrown downV^an'd proceeded at ' horse-race speed through b field of wheat belonging to Mr Mf Axd'ell, de Btrbying'Beyeral acres of ' wheat. . During the ?week the greatei1 portion 'of Olyde Bank run has been burning,, arid it was only, when within b few yards of /the Heart paddock that the fire goY staid in that direction. , The farmers still express much , anxiety about fire, ( and; they ( are making every, possible exertion to Becuxe the portion now otBnding.~- Crimps 'Land Tiines, .' Jun. 3. ,, Fia'Es at Cavendisu.— Last; week about six miles of brush fencing, along, with ?000 acres of graas pnthe run of J. Mackersey,. Esq., were de stroyed. No sooner was the smoke seen to ascend in the direction of the ^ D undas Hangqs, . than the inhabitants of. our plucky little town turned out on masso to l^nd a hand in 'putting but the fire. They rendered most 'material assistance to the Eeople on the station, and were amply rewarded y soon finding their laudable exertions crowned ?with success.— Hamilton Spectator, Jim. 2. 