SQUATTING ASSESSMENT. TO THE EDITOIt OP THE ARGUS. (Sir,-I beg lcnvo to draw tbo attention of lie public, through your widely circulated lind influential journal, to a principle em lodicd in the hand Act of 1802, and ofuni tersal application in estimating the grazing capabilities of runs. The principio is this, that " the new assessment on nny partióulat i un must not bounder what it was ¡n 18G1." î-ow, thiB principle, though it-bas received tie consideration and bears tbo sanction of lie collective wisdom of our Legislature, i ]'pears to mo palpably unsound as a basis til legislation ; because, however innocuous it may prove in estimating the capabilities of inns admittedly understocked in 1861, ii licornes singulaily oppressive when applied 1© inns overstocked during the same year, or j art of the samo year. No doubt, by adopt Jtg this principle, a definite sum of money tcims to be guaranteed to the state ; but the ] apportion of this money leviable on runB < y erstocked in 1861 cannot be obtained, except iy the exercise of a power which I am entitled to designate legal extortion. Let us nyvt considor tho principle with regard to its tupposed utility. Where is its sovereign « ilicacy to guide cither the Board of Lands <r arbitrators in determining the grazing capabilities of runs? Or. if it wete not in- tended for this purpose, did its being adopted arise from a want of confidence in the in tigrity and skill of the valuators on whom this duty might bo devolved ? And if so, why ?was not some'other scheme devised, not necessarily iniquitous, like thi?, in its opera- tion ? It does not appear that the principle vpe of much Bendee to the Board of Lands in aiiiving at their pubHshed conclusions. They wire, no doubt, i prevented by the tangible limit thus fixed-sometimes, perhaps, contrary to their convictions respecting right and equity-from sinking into the dreaded abyss cn the prohibited side ; but on the other sido of the limit they have shown themselves capable of ascending in the region of compu- tation to heights unattainable by many of Iht- present squatters. Would it not have bien better that the Board hnd been left un- fettered in their decisions, and the arbitrators the same, in such cases as might be submitted to them for final settlement? Under the existing scheme, the Board of Lands and arbi- trators aTO compelled by statute to declare the grazing capabilities of runs o\ erstocked in Ifctl to be higher than what they really know thtm to be, from their own experience, or on the testimony of competent witnesses ; and thus tbey aro compelled to affirm what they know to be positively false. Let me now say a few words on the singu- larity of the oppressiveness complained of. Anyone who considers the case of runs fully ttocked or overstocked in 18C1, will imme c lately perceive that the occupants were con- tributing moro to the revenue, in theshapo of tit st sement, than those who bad their runs t.nderstocked, and that, therefore, they might le regarded as benefactors to tbo btate on a mere extensive scale than their .brethren, who, from whatever cause, had their runs understocked ; and fuitber that, if they did not deserve any positive favour at the hands of the state for their meritorious excitions, they st least deserved that the numerical result of their exertions- taxed directly under the foi mer anomalous Assessment Act -should Lot form the basis for estimating the new assessment, and thus be the means of per- petuating the grievance of having to pay for more stock than their runs are capable of hearing during the existence of the lease. The legal advisers of the Crown, consistently enough with tho wording of the clause con- taining the objectionable principle, call it an arbitrary mimimnm fixed for determining the rent. But the so-called arbitrary mini- mum is virtually, in some cases, an arbitrary and despotic maximum. If it should be aske>d how any run came to be overstocked' in 1801, I shall enumerate three out of various causes ti at might be assigned. First, a run might le overstocked becauso the owner could not dispose of his surplus stock, except at a sacri- fice ; secondly, the overstocking might have aiisen from an error of judgement ; and, lastly, it might have arisen from the pasture having been better then than in ordinary ee aeons. Surely, none of these causes can be ttnsidered a sufficient reason for stereotyping the assessment of 1801 for nine yeais. Without affiimmg the squaiteis to be im » fcculate, it may be said in truth that they have been greatly misrepresented. In the noisy harangues of interested demagogues they havo been subjected to much vitupera rim for their supposed indolence and ob tiiuctiveness ; and though they have not y et lien completely immolated at the shrine of 1 c great idol of stump-oratory, " the people," the y havo suffered great loss in the destruc tkn of part of their property, and the depre- ciation of what remains-evils mainly at- tributable to the senseless clamour of self styled patriots transmuted into n dangerous Mtality undor tho baneful influence of man lood suffrage,-yes, of manhood suffrage; the r.ortcntoua creation of ignorance and honesty, transported to infatuation with bright visions «of imagined happiness under the benign' «way of a free constitution. The squat- ters bave to contend ngainst a host of ar- le telious influences, such as plcuio-pneumonia, scab, fluke, &e.;, and especially the devastat- ing element of fire, which in the summer, ccason converts the grazing capabilities of inns, safely registered m the archives of Mel ?biume, into uon-entities on the face of the tarth. The danger from bush-fires is multi yliid ten-fold through the carelessness (and »hall I say the maliciousness?) of some of the -people engaged in mining operations. All these blightiug influences, however, are ignored in estimating the new assessment. It cannot be supposed that the squatters will »ubmit to all the evils which I have enume- rated, and many more of which I have said xothing, with unresisting meekness ; or that they should act on the advice of the worthy matron, who, when her beloved husband was being dragged forth for execution under the auspices of some feudal baron, addressed him Jn these singular terms, " John, come out cr eily, and bo hanged decently, and don't anger the laird" (the people" in the pre- sent case representing the laird). In conclusion, I look upon myself as a mined squatter, unless Bomo alteration bo mnde in the Land Act of 1802, to enable mo to' retain the Crown lands in which I invested my money, ond on which I have been indus tilously employed for many ycart-ruined, I fay ; not because the principio I have been condemning bears oppressively on mc, but for another reason, which I need not state beie, I could expatiate at 'much greater length on tho unreasonableness of the new assessment, but I cannot think of trespassing inrther on your time and space. t?o, hoping that you will obligingly insert my observations in your valuable tournai I am, Sir, your obedieut servant, April 38. A LOVER OF JUSTICE. 