Champion Bay. EXTENSIVE CONFLAGRATION AT GREENOUGH FLATS. The following particulars respecting this disaster are extracted from a letter addressed by Mr Bayly to the Colonial Secretary, dated November 30 : — ' I have just returned from the Greenough Flats, where I regret to say there has been a most disastrous bush-fire. The fire arose from a man named Glenrobb (who is in custody), carrying a sack of charcoal, which had not been properly extinguished. It set fire to his shirt, and he threw it down in a field; the consequence was the crop caught fire and the whole of the crop is burnt, from near Maley's Mill and Criddles to the Bootnall Thicket, with the exception of the corn on the seaside of the Greenough. The pensioners with one exception have lost all their crops, there are also I think three of their cottages burnt, and several outhouses. From enquiries I have made, I have every reason to believe 300 acres of corn are destroyed. A settler named Brand is the heaviest loser ; he told me he calculated he had lost 150 acres of corn. I have never during my residence in the colony seen any fire equal to it. It is proposed to raise a fund for the relief of the sufferers, whose different claims would be considered by a committee. I trust we shall receive some help from Perth and the other districts for this purpose, as the loss of property is very great. It seems that every person rendered assistance. At one time I was told there were supposed to be about 200 men at the fire, but at drove all before it. Some dropped from exhaustion, but only one serious case. A young man named Clarkson dropped, and was delirious when I left. See if you can get some relief for the sufferers. In most cases it appears that the corn had been cut, and was standing in the fields. A great many of the pensioners had theirs stacked, and now have nothing left but ashes." It appears from later dates that a second fire took place, which destroyed 200 acres of corn. Sub-Inspector Timperley had been sent to strive to ascertain the origin of the second fire, but had not returned at date of last advices (December 4.) On the evening of that day, intelligence was re ceived that Mr Morrissey had 60 acres of corn burnt, on the 1st instant. On the night of the 2nd, the sky was illuminated nearly all the distance from the Flats to Table Hill, and the large settlers have been very heavy losers, the feed being destroyed in every direction. It appears that the first estimate cf loss was exaggerated. The value of property destroyed was at first set down at £4,000; it is now fixed at £2,000. The distress, however, is very great, and the affliction has been sustained by a class of settlers who can least afford it. The following is an estimate of the amount of property destroyed, the pro perty of pensioners alone, by the fire of 30th November :— Corporal Adlam, 16 acres of wheat, 6 do barley, 1½ do oats, 3 tons hay, 2 out-houses, and all fencing; J. Doran, 4 acres of wheat; J. Kenny, I8 acres wheat, 6 do barley, 3 tons hay, stable, cart, and barn ; J. McCreath. 7 acres wheat, 13 do barley, 2 tons hay, 1 out-house; S. Batt, 15 acres wheat, 10 do barley; J. Buckley, 22 acres wheat, 4 pigs; J. Foran, 12 acres wheat; G. Gallacher, 19 acres wheat; W. Stokes, tools of trade and workshop. The conduct of the Greenough Flats road party is described to have been very good; no men could have exerted themselves more. According to the latest accounts the esti mate of the number of acres of which the produce has been destroyed is 450, ex clusive ot Morrissey's land. The Sessions took place on tbe 2nd December, when a man named James Hoy, originally committed for robbery at the Wheat Fortune Mine, but who broke from prison, and when at large committed another robbery, was tried for prison breaking, and sentenced to 7 years' penal servitude.- The Magistrates on the bench were Messrs. L. Bayly, L. C. and Thomas Burges. The next day the man Glenrobb, who was the accidental cause of the fire, was dealt with summarily as a ticket-of-leave holder, and fined £50, or in default 12 months' im prisonment. We presume, therefore, he was found guilty of culpable carelessness. The authorities have taken possession of the New Court House and Bonding Store. The cells at the depot will be completed shortly, with tbe exception of the doors, which are expected from Fremantle. A road is in course of construction from the jetty towards tbe Government buildings. 