I VICTORIA. We have our flies of Melbourne papers to the 10th inst. Their contenta are unimportant, but we select a few items of news. BURKE AND WILLS.-Up to the present time, some 25,000 persons have witnessed the lying-in- state of the romains of the late lamented explorers, at the Royal Society's Hall. The lyiug-in-state will continue during the whole of next week. PLEUBO PNEUMONIA.-" Fleure Pneu monia" says the Kyneton Observer "is not extending much ia the Kyneton district. The cattle on the Park Hall Estate are all, it is stated, free from the disease now, and of those innoculated, though as many as twenty were ill at one time, only one of the animóla died. Altogether, Mr. Hall lost only six head of catle. He availed himself, however, as soon as possible, atan early stage, of the services of a man named Bill Wright, from pear M'lvor, who inocu- lated all his cattle, and attended to those taken ill. Mr. Wright whose skill and success are highly spokeh of, has, we learn, treated successfully over 2,000 head of cattle by the inoculation process." THE WEATHEB.-Yesterday was certainly one of the most oppressively hot days that havo been experienced in Melbourne this season. At the new Observatory the thermometer recorded up- wards of lOldeg. of heat in the shade, and 130deg. in the sun. In Collins-street, at three o'clock the instrnments recorded llldeg. in the sun, and lOldeg. in the shade. The wind was from the north-east, but, strange to say, it was cool as com- pared with the heat of the sun. Had a " hot wind" prevailed the heat of the day would have been unbearable. At Adelaide, the thermometer stood at 102deg. in the shade, and 148deg. in the sun, the heat from the numerous bush-fires having had an effect upon the temperature of the air. Argus January 9. ' ACCLIMATISATION.-Tho following appears in the Gazette by His Excellency's command.-"The Government wishes to call the attention of all classes of colonists to the efforts which aro being made by the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria for the introduction of useful animals, game, song birds, &.C., into this country, and to solicit the co- operation of the public in a work which promises to be attended with the most beneficial results, and to contribute to the'prosperity and enjoyment of the community. This co- operation will be most effectually rendered by the public zealously pro- tecting from injury aud destruction the animals and birds introduced into and turned loose in the colony by the society. On the grounds of humanity, and in the interests of the whole community, the Government confidently appeals to the good sense and right feeling of the public to second the efforts of the Acclimatisation Society, and, to protect and preserve what has involved such an expenditure of time, money, and pains to procure.") EMBEZZLEMENT BY AN OPFIOIAL.-In the City Police Court Ottiwell Henry Moore, lately a clerk in the General Post-office, was fully committed to take his trial for larceny and embezzlement of certain moneys entrusted to him in the course of his employment. ' 