EEVIEW. A Handbook fob Colonists in Tbopical Aus tralia, by George Windsor Earl, Member of the Koyal Asiatic Society, &%, &c;, and formerly Com missioner of Crown Lands at Port Essington, Worth Australia. Printed at the Pinang Gazette Office. We regret that we cannot give the name of an Adelaide bookseller in connection with the very useful work above mentioned, but the truth is that it is not to be purchased in Adelaide, and for the volume now before us we are indebted to the courtesy of the Hon. the Chief Secretary, who has been fortunate enough to receive a pre sentation copy. The introduction to the book is dated ' Province Wellesley, January 8, 1863,' so that it is brought down as nearly as possible to date. Mr. Earl appears to be well qualified by natural endowments for the compilation of such a work, and he has also had the advantage of great personal experience in connection with the subject of which he writes, having been officially connected with Port Essington from the forma tion of the settlement in 1838 until its abandon ment in December, 1849. The chief duty im posed upou Mr. Earl being that of col lecting information that might prove useful to colonists in the event of the settlement being thrown open to private enterprise by the sale of Grown lands, it will be seen that he has been placed in a situation eminently favorable for acquiring that particular kind of knowledge which is so much needed by South Australia in its present efforts to found a settlement on the Northern coast. We may add that Mr. Earl appears to have alike avoided exaggerated des cription and gloomy misgivings. His state ments everywhere bear the impress of simple truth, and that such is their actual characteristic we have no doubt. 'Tropical Australia,' as described by Mr. Earl, includes all that portion of the Coatinent lying to the north of the Tropic of Capricorn, and, therefore, strictly across the entire main land from East to West. He describes more particularly the Victoria River ,and district (where our new settlement is to be established), the North-west Coast from Victoria Biver to Van Diemen's Gulf, Van Diemen's Gulf, the North Coast from Melville Island to Cape Weasel, the Carpentaria district, and the N orth East Coast. There is also a great deal of infor. mation respecting the Indian Islands, and their availableness as markets for produce, and as sources for the supply of labor. We should also remark that Mr. Earl in his Handbook not only summarises his own experience, but avails himself freely of the researches of all the travel lers and explorers who have written upon Tropi cal Australia. As the South Australian Government are about to survey a township on the Victoria Biver, and to sell 250,000 acres of land in that vicinity, we shall refer especially to Mr. Earl's sketch of that locality. He says, almost pro phetically, — ' The Victoria Biver in the north west appears destined to become the site of the first ?permanent settlement established on the northern coasts of Australia.' Ten years ago the chances were in favor of some port in the Gulf of Carpentaria, for at that time Leichardt's track had tempted stockholders to transport their surplus horse- stock to the Gulf for India, but the discovery of the gold-fields opened up a more profitable home market, and the idea of a settlement in Carpentaria was abandoned. Mr. Earl refers in terms of eulnmr in thr- pmlnrarinno conducted by this colony, and anticipates an objection which we have heard advanced within the last few days, to the effect that it is pre sumptuous for a small community like that of South Australia to attempt to colonise the northern coast when the Imperial Govern ment have tried and failed. He says — ' It may seem strange that I should anticipate success to the unaided efforts of a small body of colonists, when no less than three unsuccess ful attempts have been made by the Supreme Government itself to establish settlements in the same region, with the last and greatest of which I was myself connected; but the matter admits of easy explanation. A colonial establish ment can never be considered permanent until it is supported by a body of colonists who have become so interested in its success that its abandonment would prove their ruin. In the case of Port Essington it was hoped that the difficulties connected with the question of cotton supply in Fngland— which were even then ac knowledged—would prove sufficient to enlist the support of the home manufacturers, at least until experiments in cotton culture had been fully carried out ; but this proved a mistake, as even that small encouragement was withheld which would have justified the Government in throwing open the land for eoloniisation.' The truth is ' colonisation' — properly so called — was never attempted at Port Essington ? and not having been, in the true acceptation of the term, attempted, it cannot be said to have failed. We now give a few extracts from Mr. Earl's work descriptive of the geography of the Victoria Biver district : — , ™ I1^0^ -RlvEE Mouth.— tat. 14* 40' S., long 129° 2j- K., w upward, of 2J miles wide between Turtle Point and Swamp Point, which form the mou-h of the river. A portion of this space is occupied bv mud and sand banks ; the Bret lving near the coast and the sand-banks forming long ridges towards the centre «i -~«. ..™, .^umg m mo aireouon or tne stream of tide, and bounding the central channel on either side Thw channel was discovered and surveyed by the officers of B.M.^Be gle, in the year 1839, and named the Queen s Channel. Theentrance from seaward is between two sandheadaanuJeandahalfapart, which are covered at half-tide ; the depth in the channel being seven and eight fathomB. which, however, decreases farther ud but as there is still 2£ fins, at low water, and the rise and fell of tide at full and change of the moon fc24 feet, there is a depth sufficient for the lareest ^P8' i-uV16 gea^ Btreugtfi of the lide seems likely to lender this channel unpopular except under very favorable circumstances, the ordinary rate being five miles an hour, and the velocity of the ebb tide must be greatly increased during the freshes Under these circumstances, the two eastern channels.* through one of which H. U.S. Beagle entered, are likely to be preferred, for although more narrow and tortuous, the tid-=s are very strong only at certain spots, which can ea§Uy be avoided t-y ebifpzeg.auiog to anchor, to stop for the tide. The land at the mouth of the river is uni formly low, consisting of islands or mud fiats overgrown with mangroves and partly covered at high tide. Point Pearce, the north extreme of the bay into wiich the river discharges, is visible clear in weather from the sand heads, distant 19 miles, the cliffs being 85 feet high. The Macadam Bange, 600 feet high, will also be visible Is miles to the westward, but it is less valuable as a leading mark for making the sandheads than Point Pearce. River Peak, on the north hank of the river, near the commencement of the narrows, may also gene rally be seen distant 25 miles to the south-west. ' Entrance Island and sandstone Gorge. — The low land, mud flats, and sand banks terminate suddenly at Entrance Island, thirty miles from the sand heads, where the river contracts to a -width of less than a mile, and rashes through a gorge in the sandstone range with a velocity that creates numerous eddies and whirlpools, which render the navigation critical, although the depth of water is great— sometimes as much as 20 fathoms. ELM.S. Beagle passed through this gorge, which is ten miles in length, and anchored in ' Holdfast Reach, where some wells were sunk on the north bank of the river, and a plentiful supply of good water obtained. The Beagle remained the whole of the month of November at this anchorage, while the boats were exploring the upper waters of the river. Capt. Stokes says that she might have gone seven miles further up than Holdfast Reach ; and the Tom Tough, a schooner of 140 tons, in attendance on Mr. Gregory's overland expedition, ascended the river for 100 miles in September 1855 ; but she was so much injured by re peated groundings on the sandbanks that she required extensive repairs betore she could be sent to sea, and was condemned as soon as she reached a commercial port. It is not likely, however, that vessels of burthen will ascenl the river so high as Hold fast Reach, except with the aid of a very powerful steam tug, for the Beagle was turned round and round by the strength of the eddies while passing through the narrows ; and, although the risk was not very great in a handy vessel of 200 tons, with a numerous and disciplined crew, it would be othe wise in the case of a modern clipper ship whose length and capacity would render her un'uiced for this kind of navigation. Nor does the anchorage at Holdfast (teach present any attr ctions beyond the wells of fresh water, as the two anchors with which the Beagle was moored bit so deeply into the ground, owing to the strength of the tide (sometimes six and a-half miles per hour), that they could not be weighed, and had to be left behind with a portion of their cables. This anchorage also seems to have been oppressively hot, probably owing to the radiation from the Bed Sandstone Ranges, as the ther mometer on board the Beagle sometimes stood at 105° in the shade. Capt. Stokes thu* records the departure of the Beagle from Holdfast Beach : — ' December 1. We slipped from our last anchor at daylight and pro ceeded down the river. After pirouetting through Whirlpool Beach we got as far down as the flits fronting River Peak, above which we anchored near noon. After having been shut up among rocky ranges for a month, the sight of the sea horizon was a novelty, and the cool refreshing breeze, as it came sweeping over the unbroken expanse of waters, created in us very pleasing sensations.' ( Voyage o the Beagle, voL 2, page 103). This spot, namely, the end of Sea Beach, close up to the entrance of the narrows, may be looked upon as the site of the future port, as it will certainly become the anchorage for all ships of burthen frequenting the river ; that is to say, unless some otfter spot very favourably circumstanced happens to be discovered. Fresh water will be found ii abundance below the surface at the base of the sand stone ranges ; and the supply of fuel will come from the mangrove jungle which lies to seaward ; indeed, so scant of timber a re the banks of the river further inland that when the population comes to be larger the man grove wood, which furnishes fuel of the best description, is likely to be in general use up to the head of the navi gation. « Point Peaece (lat 14° 25' 50' S., long. 129° 21' 42' E.), which forms the north point of the great bay into which the Victoria flows, is a sma 1 headland composed of red san Istone clifis 85 feet high, covered with a growth of timber, mostly white- -arked euca lyptus. The cliffs rise abruptly from a shelf of rocks very little elevated above highwater mark, round which the tide rushes with great rapidity, forming a race which extends upwards of a mile out to sea, although the depth of water close in to the point is four fa'-noms, rapidly increasing to seaward. The rise and fall of the tide at the springs is 26 feet, and it is high water at full and change at 7 o'clock. There is a bay to the south of Point Pearce in which a ship can anchor out of the strength of the tide in 5 to 6 fathoms. Ships bound to the Victoria River by the Qieen's Channel will have to make Point Pearce, from which they can shape their course for the sand-heads. There will probably be a pilot station established here when the banks of the river come to be settled ; and establishments for cutting timber are likely also to be formed, as wood is much more abundant here than nearer the river lieutenant St-kes, of H. M.S. Beagle, was wo nded by a spear thrown by a native from the cliff while he was taking observations on the shelf of rocks below ; but the natives did not make their appearance when the horses for Mr. Gregory's expedition were being landed, although there wls evidence of their being in the neighborhood. They were probably alarmed lest the Europeans should retaliate; for. as aggressions of a similar nature are never forgotten by themselveB, but are handed down by tradition from generation to generation, they must naturally suppose that the samespirit exists in strangers. The country in the neighborhood of Point Pearce is well grassed, and there is water for stock in lagoons a short distance inland even in the driest season. 'TUBTiiE Point, the south extreme of the river's mouth, is a cluster of low sand-hills, backed by man grove jungle extending inland for several miles. The ship channels on this side have not yet been surveyed If they prove to be of good depth, which is at least pro bable, they are likely to be preferred to the northern channels, as the tides run with a greatly-decreased velo city on this side — a point which navigators will appre ciate. There is a creek within the Point in which pil--t schooners, or even vessels of a much larger class, could obtain shelter from all winds. 'Cambridge Gulf, 60 miles to the eastward of Turtle Point, is a navigable inlet penetrating inUnd up wards of 60 miles in a southerly direction. It wag dis covered and surveyed by Captain King during his first voyage in the cutter Cumberland. The entrance be tween Cape Domett on the east and Cape Dussejour on the west is 12 miles wide, the centre part being occu pied by a rocky barren island 600 feet high and 9 miles in circumference, called Lacrosse Island (so named by the French expedition under Captain Baudin) The western channel is rather more than five mile* wide, but half of this space is occup ed by a reef extending from Cape Dussejour. The eastern channel appeared ts be clear throughout, and Captain King had seven fathoms half a mile from the eastern side of the island, rhe depth in the western channel is greater, as he had no bottom with 14 and 17 fathom* when passing the island at the distance of a mile from the shore. The Cumberland anchored in a sandy bay on the south bide of the island half a mile from the shore. No fresh water was found here nor in any other part of the Gulf, and very little timber was seen except the mangrove. The Port, however, may prove useful to a vessel bound to the Victoria viver, making the coast during one of the spurts of strong westerly winds which sometimes occur in the months of December, January, and February, when it mar be considered advisable to await better weather before running for Point Pearse. The coast is clear to the westward of the Gulf as far as Cape Londonderry, 95 miles distant ; and Mount asuarina, a conspicuous flat-topped bill 35 miles to the westward of Cape Dussejour, which may be seen at a distance of seven or eight leagues when be tween the bearings of south and W. S. W., is an excel lent land mark. It should be mentioned that Captain King saw every indication of fresh water being abun dant on Lacrosse Island during the rainy season. A few natives were seen by Captain King on Lacrosse Island and on the shores of the Golf, but they avoided intercourse with their visitors. ' Uppee Victoria River. — Above Holdfast Reach the river opens out to an average width of one and a half mile, and the tortuous character that marks its pas 8 tge through the sandstone gorge disappears, for now there is a reach of 16 miles in length running south, when the river takes an abrupt turn to the eastward and the cuuntry immediately improves, the valley ex tending for some distance from each bank in flats of brown loamy soil, scantily wooded with Eucalpytus and Melaleuea. This easterly trend continues for 25 miles, when it ben is to the S. rfi. across the Whirlwind Plains of Stokes for about 10 miles, and then runs south five miles to the site of the camp established by Mr. Gregory as a depot while he was absent on his trip to wards the S.W. to the sources of the Victoria and the Salt Lake. This may be considered as tbe head of the navigation of the river, for a little beyond the channel is dry or nearly so at certain seasons of the year. The Tom Tough ascended to this point when the waters of the rivers were at the lowest, so that whatever discus sion may arise as to the most convenient position for the port, there em be no difference of opinion as to the point to which goods can be carried by water at all seasons of the year Above the Camp, the bed of the river bee mes tortuous up to a point 50 miles due east, when it eurves to the southward, and continues in that direction up to its source, which was found in a sand stone table-land, 1,200 feet high, in lat. 18 ° , long. 130° 40'. This table-land proved to be the dividing range, sunning N.W. and S.E It was subsequently crossed by Mr. Gregory and his party at a point 50 miles to the nor h-east while on his journey towards the interior. The dividing range was 1,700 feet in elevation at the second point of crossing. The region of the upper Victoria consists chiefly of extensive valleys of good sou, well grassed, the sandstone of the lower region being varied with out-crops of basalt, lime stone, and jasper. Mr. Wilson, the geologist of the ex pedition, in his paper on the Physical Geography ot North- West Australia, published in the journal of the Royal Geographical Society, says : — ' In no part o the world have I seen grass grow so luxuriantly, and Mr. H. Gregory observed to me during a journey of 10 days, when I accompanied him and his brother to the Upper Victoria that he had seen more grass land than during all his life before.' (Vol. XXVIII, p. 141.) This beauti ful country is, however, liable to floods, sometimes rising to an enormous height in contracted valleys, so that settlers will do well to examine narrowly the level of former floods before erecting their stations. These floods do not appear to be caused by the regular monsoons rains, but rather by waterspouts or such like phenomena during the periodical commotions that take place in the atmosphere of this region. Mr. Gregory and his party were at the Victoria Biver or in the immediate neighbourhood, from September 15, 1855, to the end of June in the fol lowing year, a period of more than nine months, in cluding the hottest season of the year. Mr. JSlsey, the surgeon of the expedition, who resided constantly at the Camp, gives the following particulars of the seasons and climate in his Medical Keport, wnich is published in the volume of the Geographical Society's Journal quoted above, (p 136). ^ As far as our observations extended, there seem to* be three seasons in North West Australia, viz. — the wet season, commencing about December and lasting to February ; the spring or cool season, from March to July ; and the dry or hot season, from August to November. Our first arrival at the Victoria was in September. The whole country was parched, the vegetation dried up, and bush- fires were frequent. The beat of tiw day wa» not followed by a cool night. Though the maximum heat was not exces sive, rarely exceeding 114° Fahr , the minimum was very high, seldom ?ailing below 80 ° at any time, and I have known the thermometer suspended in the air to 8tand98° at sunrise. During these months there was scarcely any dew. Lightning was constant to the E. and N. E., and was rarely absent for six months. There were occasional thunder storms .during the month of October.' ♦ ♦ ? * * * ' The rains commenced towards the end of November, and by the middle of December had fairly set in. On the 18th the freshes had raised the river some four or five feet. From the 20th to the end of December the rain was incessant and on the 7th of January the river was 11 feet above its averag - level. This was the greatest height attained. There were, however, indica tions of its being a very dry season. The weather during this time was v-ry oppressive, and the excessive moisture rendered the heat most |trying to the party, many of whom were actively employed. By the end of January the rain had almost entirely ceased, and at the end of February the air had regained its usual dryness. From March to July there was a constant succession of beautiful weather. The noonday heat seldom exceeded 95°, and was tempered by a delicious S.E. breeze, which blew uninterr iptedly for nearly five weeks, and with slight intervals for four months. The days were bright and cloudless, the niehts clear and cold, the ther mometer generally below 5u ° at sunrise, and sometimes below 40 ° . The weather had a most beneficial effect on us, and its influence was specially felt by those of the party who were for so long a time resident in camp, at one spot, and without any active employment or exer cise.' Mr. Wilson says — 'The soil on these plains (the Jasper Plains of the Upper Victoria) is a rich clay, frequently very deep, and is derived from the decompo sition of the sha'e rock after being left bare by the removal of the sandstone. The limestone frequently protrudes, and in such localities the soil is more cal careous. * * * The Jasper Plains contain about 320.000 acres ; Beagle Valley, with valleys adjoin ing, 160,000 ; and the extensive valley of the Norton, Shaw and launders Rivers, it would be difficult fully to estimate, but there appeared under my own observation an extent exceeding 1,500,000 acr^s, to which— if we add the fine country at the head of Sturt Creek, and that at the head of the River Fitzmaurice — they will make an aggregate of 500,000 acres. These tracts have come under our united observation, and may all be considered well watered pasture land. ' I have said rnat ^forth-west Australia is a grassy country, and this character is due not only to the great, abundance of grass with which it is covered, but also to the luxuriance and variety of the grasses. A few of these, however, are predominant, and in mosf instances afford excellent pasture. Perhaps the most extensive is a variety that resembles wild oats, and grows from the height of three feet to six feet. This grass attains its greatest perfection on the stony slopes and at the base of the ranges. It grows in many places on the top of the table land, and on dry gravelly patches. Bordering this grass, but on better soil, another variety growing close and fine, and not often exceeding three feet high, might make excellent hay. This grass covers extensive tracts on the plains, and when ripe it is very difficult to travel through on foot, as it lies broken by the wind and parted from its roots in a tangled mass a foot to 18 inches deep, and clings round the feet and legs while passing through it.' Mr. Earl's book is furnished with a series of charts, showing the direction of the prevalent winds, rains, and currents, in Tropical Australia. January, February, and March are the rainy months, the winds being JS'.W. ; May, Jane, and July are the cold months, little or no rain falling in those months, and the winds being generally from the S.E. ; September, October, and November comprise the hot or electrical season, thunder-storms during those months being almost of daily occurrence in some portion or other of the tropical regions. Mr. Earl says ' JSTo hot winds, such as those experienced in the Southern colonies, where they sometimes blow for several days in succession, have ever yet been felt in any part of tropical Australia, nor is it likely that any such can occur,' unless near the centre of the continent. Mr. Earl's theory of the hot wind is that it is produced by the north west monsoon, which, when strong, advances steadily into the interior, driving the heated air before it. As regards temperature, Fort Essington is the only place on the north coast where the thermometer has been registered all the year round ; and there the maximum was 97 ° (in November), and the minimum 63 ° (in June). This thermometer was kept in a low wooden building, and Mr. Earl thinks that with better constructed houses the heat might be reduced several degrees. The thermometer was in a house 18 miles from the sea, where the sea breeze often failed to reach it. Mr. Earl is of opinion that on any part of the coast accessible to the sea breeze between Melville and Weasels Island the maximum in an Indian bungalow would rarely, if ever, be above 90 ° . In the interior 10 degrees more heat may be looked for, but, on the other hand, the minimum of Gold will be lower. On the banks of the Victoria River the thermometer once fell to 40° , and Sir Thomas Mitchell found it below freezing point whilst close to the tropic during his last expedition from New South Wales to Carpentaria. But in spite of these records there can be no doubt that the hot weather is hot, although Mr. Earl says that at Port Essington the kangaroo hunters, generally non-commissioned officers of marines, exposed almost daily during the hottest season of the year to continual exertion on foot, were always the healthiest men in the garrison. One advantage possessed by the tropical coast over the coasts to the South consists in the greater rise and fall of the tides. At Camden Bay Capt. King noticed as much as 37| feet rise and fall ! At Port Darwin, near Van Die men's Gulf, there is a rise and fall of 24 feet, and altogether there is a reach of 500 miles on the north-west coast, where dry docks available for the very largest ships could be constructed without the aid of pumping machinery. But this is an advantage that has chiefly attractions for the future. Mr. Earl says, ' No single production in the neighborhood of the Victoria has yet been dis covered of a nature calculated to furnish an ex portable article,' — an admission more candid than comforting, — although we may remark that not much has yet been done toward bringing to light the resources of the district. There is no timber fit for building purposes, and beams and planks for buildings will have to be got else where. But whilst malting this statement Mr. Earl partly replies to himself, for he says— 'Under these circumstances the mangrove forests which overspread the low half drowned lands at the month of the river will become of importance.' In the Malayan countries the mangrove is highly valued, and mangrove swamps are eagerly bought up for the sake of the timber. The straight pieces are well adapted for posts and rafters, whilst the wood is scarcely inferior to coal as an article of fuel. Mr. Earl does not think the climate suitable for sugar, except where regular irrigation can be carried on, although then it would succeed well. But he highly commends the country for indigo and cotton. In reference to cotton, he says — 'It is difficult to conceive circumstances better adapted for the growth of cotton than those presented in the basin of the Victoria, namely, three months of rain, followed by a season of cool dry days and clear dewy nights for four months longer, without the occur rence of atmospheric disturbance to interfere with the development of the pods. The plants will be destroyed by the drought that succeeds the cool season, but this will prove a positive advantage, as it will have the same effect as the frost* of Georgia and 'arolina, necessitating the planting ot fresh seed every year, and leaving no temptation for the cultivator to allow the plants to remain in the ground for the chance of a crop the second year. This necessity for an annual renewal of the plants has had mo e to do with the success of American cotton planters than is generally admitted.' The date palm, it is believed, would flourish luxuriantly, and the Bengal date sugar, formerly consumed at Port Essington, was preferred to the other. Bice might be grown easily in low lands, but it would require much labor. Maize flourishes, but wheat could never be raised at Port Essington, although, tried in every possible way. Mr. Earl thinks it might, however, be grown in more elevated situations. Yams, sweet potatoes, melons, and pumpkins flourish, and the cocoa-nut palm would thrive amazingly, especially if planted along the inner margin of the mangrove belts that line the coast. The banana is likely to become the most popular of all fruits in tropical Australia. At Port Essington they were raised most successfully. The tea-plant, it is also thought, might be profitably cultivated. We may add that Mr. Earl's book contains long descriptions of the most useful vegetable productions suited to tropical Australia, with instructions for making date sugar, ooeoanut oil, &o.; But in the firat instance pastoral pursuits would absorb the principal attention of the settlers, and Mr. Earl recommends cattle and horses to be tried before sheep. Some useful hints will be found on this subject, and a considerable portion of the book is taken up with descriptions of the various wild animals of the region under consideration. If space permitted we should like to quote more freely from this really interesting and in structive work ; but we must forbear, although we cannot avoid the expression of a hope that the book may be either reprinted in. this colony, or a supply imported. The volume closes with a useful chapter on the industrial pursuits most proper for tropical Australia, the sources of labour, and markets for produce. In the East an unlimited demand exists for ' Dinding,' or dried meat, which can not at present be obtained there to the extent of more than a tenth of what is wanted. This points to a lucrative branch of industry in con nection with stockkeeping. Fisheries of various kinds might be most profitably established. Some useful remarks occur with reference to the supply of labour — an all- important question in the settlement of a new country. After alluding to the results of Coolie labour in Mauritius and Ceylon, Mr. Earl thus refers to the question of Chinese immigration : — ' Whether any great demand will arise for Chinese agricultural laborers remains to be seen, but if tropical produce comes to be cultivated on a large sc tie, Inda alone could not supply the number required, and Chinese labor will be best suited to supply the de ficiency. In that cage it may be expected that the im migration will be carried on much in the same manner with that to the Straits Settlements, the immigrants being brought down as a deck freight, and re-idents in the settlement advancing the amount of passage money on their engaging to serve for a term. Their cost will be somewhat less than that of Indian laborers in the matter of passage noney, but they must not be expected to serve after their tein has expired, as they will probably commence working on their own account, either as cultivators or as petty tradesmen. ' There can be no doubt whatever that a large apon tanteous immigration of Chinese will set in on the tropical coast of Australia as soon as the country has become sufficiently occupied by Europeans to afford them protection from the natives, as the marine productions are so abundant and of so valuable a description that they would long ago have been active in the enterprise, but for the dread they ontertain of the wild black tribes of the Archipelago. As it is, they are the chief, if not the sole supporters of the trepang and tortoise shell fishery carried on by the natives of Celebes and Sum bawa, who would be unable to fit out their expeditions were it not for the advances made by the Chinese mer chants and traders of Macassar No encouragement will be required on the part of Europeans, as they are now so well supplied with information as to what is going on in Australia, that they will enter the field the mo ment it is fully opened by the establishment of perma nent settlements on the coast. Their enterprise is likely, in the first instance, to be directed towards the marine productions ; and salt fish, edible seaweed, pearls, mother o'pearl shell, kima shells, sharks' fins, balachong, or caviare made of fermented shrimps, and many other productions suited for the China market, will be added to those which they have heretofore procured from the coast through the instrumentality of the Indian Islanders. Although the Chinese are year by year be coming more partial to the use of vessels of European construction, I chink the collection of these products will be carried on in junks such as those employed on the coasts of China, as they could make the voyage with safety as regar is seaworthiness, -nd their construction aid fittings are peculiarly suited for the work in which they would be engaged.' In the Legislature of this colony, as in other circles, reference has frequently been made to the facilities that exist for obtaining a supply of labor from the Indian islands adjacent to the northern coast. To some extent this description of labor may be obtained, but to procure it steadily, and on a large scale, would appear to be attended with some difficulty, if Mr. Earl is correct in this particular. He says — 'I will therefore proceed to give some details respect ing the islands capable of furnishing laborers, corn men ing with Rotti, the nearest to the Continent of Australia, being only 260 miles distant from Cape Bougainville. This island contains about 20.000 inhabi tants, the greater portion, if not the whole, being Christians of the Dutch Reformed Church ; Botii having been the chief field in which the members of the mission established at Kopang have exerted hemselves. The entire population is engaged in agriculture during the rainy season, maize, yams, and bananas, being the chief articles produced ; but the supply raised is very rarely sufficient for their consumption, and many of the men migrate to Kopang, as soon as their crops are in the ground, to seek employment as laborers, returning to their homes in time to take part in the labors of the field when the rainy season returns. They are a quiet, industrious people, and I have personally ascertained that many of them would willingly accept employment in Australia during the eight months in which their labors at home are suspended, if a passage each way is provided for them, und their return home in time to put in the crops is ensured. As the labors of the fisheries and forests in Tropical Australia will have to be suspended during the rainy season, this arrangement might suit both parties, and I do not think that the Dutch Government would object, although it would certainly interfere in regulating the temporary migration, and would probably also impose a tax on the emigrants, tiavu, and some of the islands north of Kopang might also furnish their quota of tem porary laborers, but I do not think that Timor itself will contribute, although the population must be nearly a quarter of a million, for the slave trade is almost as rife here as in the interior of Africa, and where man -bunt- ing is a common pursuit, honest labor is at a discount ; and this is the case in Tinur. But the Serwatty Islands and Timor Laut, which are occupied by a people closely resembling the natives of Rotti, and many of whom are also Christians, could supply some hundreds of temporary laborers if it were made worth their while. ^ number of emigrants from Timor Laut is always to be found at Band*, where t -ere is no native or laboring population, and the; are literally the hewers uf wood and drawers of water, performing all the more laborious domestic duties. They come in their own prahus, and generally remain two or three years, their home ties appearing to be less strong than those of the natives of Rotti and the Serwatty Islands. ' Bali and Ljmhok could supply several hundreds of stout laborers without their being missed at home, but great caution will be required here, as slavery is in full force on these islands as well as in Timor, besides a sys tem by which debtors remain in bondage to their cre ditors until their debts are paid ; and the chiefs might force them to enter into contracts without their free consent.' ' Java and the small but populous island of Banian, or Lebeck, furnish some hundreds uf labourers to the Straits settlements, but these arrive under peculiar cir cumstances, being Mahommedan pi prims on their way to Mecca, who remain in the Straits until th y have amassed sufficient money to pay the-r passage on to Mecca ; or returned pilcpims, who remain until they have worked out the cost of their passage back by the pilgrim ships. Such a class of labourers would not be desirable for Australia- as the returned pilgrims gene rally are very bigotted, and the instruction they receive from the holy men at Mecca does not improve their feeling towards Europeans.' From these extracts it will be seen that consi derable discrimination will be necessary in select ing labor from the Indian islands. But we have exceed our intended limits, and with this extract our notice must close. We again commend the work to public attention as one that might with great advantage be reproduced at the present moment. _^_^^___^____ The following is the latest proclamation of the New South Wales Government offering a reward of £1,000 each for the capture of any or all of the four surviving members of Gilbert's gang. It will be recollected Commissioner Keightly shot the fifth (Burke) ; and we think, considering the unexampled bravery of his conduct, that the New South Wales Grovernment ought to regard that act as equivalent to the capture of the ruffian who was shot, and pay the £1,000 over to Mr. Keightly accordingly. The re ward, which is both advertised in the papers and placarded about the streets, is offered in the following terms : — ' The Bushbahgebs. — Four Thousand Founds Reward for the Apprehension of John Gil bert, John O'Mealley, Benjamin Hall, and John Yane ; and One Hundred Pounds Reward for Accom plices. — (From a Supplement to the Government Gazette.) — Colonial Secretary's Office, Sydney, 26th October, 1863. — Whereas the abovenamed persons are charged with the commission of numerous and serious offences, and have hitherto eluded the efforts to apprehend them : It is hereby notified that the Government will pay a reward of one thousand pounds for such information as will lead to the apprehension of each of the offenders named. The Government will also pay a reward of one hundred pounds for such information as will lead to the con viction of any person or persons for harbouring, assisting, or maintaining either of the abovenamed offenders. All such information communicated by any person charged with the commission of an offence, will, entitle his case to favorable con sideration by' the Crown, and will, in all cases, be regarded by the police authorities as strictly confi dential ; and in the event of payment of any of the rewards above offered, the name of the recipient will not be disclosed. The above rewards are offered in lieu of all others previously payable by Government for the apprehension or conviction of the offenders abovenamed. — WrmAJt Foestee.' There is a project afloat in Melbourne for the con struction of a graving dock, to be erected between the Williamstown patent slip and the pier. The movement is promoted by the Chamber of Com merce. The dock is to be of dimensions to admit a ship fifty feet longer than the Great Britain, and the cost is estimated at from £90,000 to £100,000. The matter is under the ooniiderotion of th* Govern ment. 