SUMMARY EUROPE. INTRODUCTION". Parliament has been further prorogued till the 26th proximo, then to meet for the despatch of business. As the session must terminate in Juno -under our system of triennial Parliaments-our legislators will have less time than usual for talk, and we may hope that thopassing of somo useful measures will distinguish the session from among its predecessors. Little has transpired during the month in addition to what was previously known, as to the character of the bills to bo proposed by the Government. It is stated that the Ministry have agreed upon their land policy. It is probable that this agreement means the sale of land by public auction, recent ex- perience having shown the present head of the Lands department that the old and simple plan of deal- ing with the public estate is the only one by which fraud can be pro vented, and something like an adequate value for the waste lands of the colony returned to the Treasury. It probably also means that while the title of the squatters to hold their runs till tho 31st of December, 1870, is recognised, the principle of disposing of leases of pas- toral lands by open competition at auc- tion will be recognized, and incorporated in any land bill the Ministry will lay before Parliament. A beginning in this direction has been made, runs which havo fallen back into the hands of the Lands department by forfeiture, being now offered for disposal uuder the hammer of the auctioneer. The buoyancy of the revenue, referred to in our Summary last month, stiE con- tinues. The apparent change of feeling in England on the subject of transporta- tion to Australia has been accepted here as a promise that the common sense view of this question must pre- vail. It is clear that in the be- ginning it was discussed in an ex- cited state of public feeling in Eng- land, and from the mother country's view of the subject only. Now, it is admitted that the colonies have some- thing to say in the matter. What they have said we venture to assert must carry conviction with it, It is unneces- sary to repeat the arguments advanced on previous occasions, or to reproduce the reasoning of the Anti-transpor- tation League on the subject. It must be admitted, on a calm review of the subject, that these colonies are not the fields to which the irreclaimable portion of the villany nurtured in Eng- land should be transferred. Wo have quite enough to do in controlling the transportées, and their pupils, already among us. The heaviest of all our burdens are our police and our gaols, and wo cannot consent to see them increased. By the October mail from England, the statement has reached us that the adoption of fortnightly mail communi- cation with England via Galle is left to the decision of the colonies, or, rather, of Victoria. Tho question has not ] been put in this form to the Go- vernment of this colony. There is every desire hero that a fortnightly mail service should be arranged; and there is no reason to doubt that if the question is put categorically to the Ministry, it will bo answered in the affirmative. The present month has been charac- terized by the severest storm and the greatest flood (in the Yarra) ever experi- enced. The flood attained its greatest height on the 17th inst. Sandridge became an island. Traffic was sus- pended for some days on the Hobson's Bay Company's lines. At Heidelberg, the Yarra rose some fifty feet in perpen- dicular height ; and at Dight's Mills a three story stone building-it en- croached several feet upon the roof. No vessel could enter or leave the harbour for about a week. Fortunately, no serious casualty occurred in the bay. The water reached high up into King-street, and boats plied in Flinders- street and Flin- ders-lane, Several lives were lost, and a largo number of wooden houses wero carried away. Subscriptions for tlio sufferers are now being raised. The New Zealand war may be said to bo over. The Waikato tribe suffered so severely in the stand they made at Ran- gariri, and so many of their influential men were captured, that their sub- mission has been tendered. General Cameron has since taken possession of the King's head-quarters, and of Ms flag. The neck of the rebellion is broken, and the permanent settlement of the coun- try, and the consequent prevention of all such outbreaks hi future, have now to be provided for. It has now been arranged definitively that Parliament will re-asserable for tho despatch of business on tho 20th of next month, and the session, which terminates in July-tho Parliament then expiring by eflluxion of time-is expected to bo a busy one, several important measures, including a new Land Act and a bill to regulate mining matters, having been promised on behalf of tho Go- vernment. On tho day on which tho next outward mail leaves Port Philip Bay wo shill bavo begun the work of tho new session. Tho subject of transportation to Western Australia continues to engross attention hero, and tho general feeling remains strongly op- posed to the recommendations of tho com- mission appointed to inquire into tho subject in the old country. Tho case put forward on behalf of the Australian colonies has already been fully and fairly stated on more than ono occasion ; and, BO far as our feelings go, no nrgumont has yet been put forward on tho other side which could possibly serve to recon- cile us to a recurrence totbesystern of freeing j tho mother country from tho worst class of her population to the sotious prejudico of our cwn fair land, or to the detriment of any or all of the sister colonies. In addi- tion to what bad already been done towards urging our views upon the home Govern- ment, another nnti transportation demon- stration took place, in St. George'a-hall, yes- terday, and thera were a large number of persouB preßtnt on tbo occasion. Amongst i the other business at tho meeting, an address to Mr Edward Wilson, for his exertions in the causo in Euglnnd, was resolved upon, and it will be presented to him at a public meeting to be held shortly It may be mentioned, also, that the protest of the Anti-transportation League, formed somo time ago, has now been published, and we anticipate that many copies of it will find their way to England through private sources It is sincerely to be hoped that tho idea of again sending convicts to Western Australia will bo abaudonod Within the last fortnight Melbourne and ita subuibs have been visited by the most serious and destructive flood which has been known m the history of the colony, Not even that of 1849, which is still fresh in the memories of many settlers was equal to it, and it ia to be hoped that many yenrs will como and go, that mmy summers and winters will give place to each other, before we have another simihr visitation Details are given in another column The intelligence which has Utüly retched us fiom Ntiw Zealand is of tho highest im portance It shows that General Cameron is toa great extont master of the mutation, and that a blow has b en struck which has done much towards satisfjmg the Maoues of the hopeles ness of the Btrugglo on their part Our success nt Banganri, dfarly as it was purchased and the subsequent movements of tho English foico«, appear to havo discouraged the natives so greatly as to l*ad to the tiro spect of peace at no v^ry distant poriod In deed, it is stated that William Thompson ha« already mado oveituros ot submission, being prompted to that course, doub les?, by the destruction which has filien upon his tribe, of whom only about forty it is sa d remain unwounded or uncaptured, and his surrender would unquestion ibly ba a great poiut gained Tho reply o' Sir George Grey to Thompson's proposalwasslmply, that ' the gem ral must go uninterrupted to Ngaruawahta Toe Queens /lag must bi hoisted theio, then I will t ilk with you Tmmediattly after the capture of Rangiri« Gtntral Cameron commenced a fresh forwar 1 movement and a simultancom advance of troops haung bon made from vari ms points, he is now, by the latest intelli gence, Bato at Thompsons h adquiriera and in the very heart of tho Waikato country Tho greatest pos ibh confidence is expressed in General Cameron and it seems to be the prevailing impression that he is conducting tin war with an ability which is worthy o< and which must insure succesi The P irhament of New Zealand have voted £2,000 for the orphans and widows of tho30 killed during tho war Tho steam transport Armenian having on boirda portion of the 08th Regiment from Rangoon cn rou e for tho seat of war put into Adelaide the other day for coal Tho Lady Joceljn from Calcuttt with the43id llegiment has been less fortu nate, haung put into Port Louts Mauntns and being detained there in quarantine, cholera having broken out on botrd , she is however, telegraphed from Sydney as having arrived off the New Z alaud coast Tnera have been very few deaths on board but dysentery prevailed Amongst the other ltims of intorest m the New / aland întelli gence we nolico that the political world there is at r resent agi'atcd on the subj ct of the ra moval of tho siat of Parliament from Auck land to a convenient site, yet to le chosen, in Cook s Straits Our Governor Sir Charles D tiling recently paid his first vit-it to Geelong and Ballarat In both places Bis Excellency received a most ccrdial welcome When at Ballarat Sir Charles took the op portunity of visiting some of the principal mines, besideB driving out-as far as Lake3 Leal month and Butrumb et chiefly with the view of feeing tho fine agricultural lands of which that district can boast His Excel lency has eximsBed himself highly delighted v ith Ins reception both in Geelong and in the "metropolis of the cold fields It may be recollected that in the trial somo time ago of four of the direclors of the late Provident Institute, for conspiracy to defraud the depositors two of the defendants were acquitted, wl ile regarding tho other two TJancock and Sawtll-the jury were unablo to agree They were, therefore discharged But on the part of the Crown it was deter mined that a fresh prosecution should ba instituted against Hancock and Sawell, and the trial commenced at the Criminal Sessions on Thursdaj, the 10th It ocupicd six days of the «ming and ended in tho conviction of the defendants Sentence was however, de- ferred, notice having been given of a motion for a newtual in Easter term, and both Han cock and Sawell are at largo on bail until the la6t daj of that term, when they aro supposod to come up for sentence 1 he ' Lightning Rock ' BO named from the circumstance of its discovery will not much longer ba in the slightest degreo dangerous to inward or outward bound vessels passing through the Kip " The Victoria has latdy been employed in the work of Its removal so far, at least as to put it b&j; ond the bounds of po «i bihty that ships of even the very heaviest ton noge should strike upon it under any ciroum stances So great a mass of the rock has already been removed by blasting, as to ren der it harmless, but it is intonded that the operation shall be continued uutil a great deal more of it has been detached from tho main body, which has many fathoms of water upon it even m the lowest tides The arm al of the tweh o Englißh cricketers, who were passengers by the Great Britain, has been ono of the events of the past month, and now that they are among us. people aro looking forward eagerly to their fiist au peal ance in the field against double their number The fame of each and all of them of course, reached us long before, and their reception in Milbourne was woithy of their reputation, and worthy of those who gave it Tho team are in fine health and spirits, and now that they have regained their ' shore legs they have bean pietty hard at work in practica on one or two of our suburban grounds What with the in- ternational matches, and an intorcsloninl match, or rather a trial of strength between an eleven of the Albert Club of bydnoy, and an eleven of the Melbourno Club, which begins on boxing day, we Bhall have quite a " carnival of cricket" presently The President of the Acclimatisation So ciety, Mr Edward Wilson in resuming the activo duties of his office on Tuesday afternoon delivered an address chiefly e\ planatory of tho progress windi the acclima tifation movement is making in England He referred to the assistance which the Im penal Government had consented to give the cause, by requiring its representatives throuBbout tho woild to supply answers to a number of acclimatisation queries, and bv placing lier Mtij sty s Navy at the disposal of the Acclimatisation Sociity of Gre it Britain and its branches Ho mentioned the piogreES which had b on mado in the creation of a fund for tho striking of mt dals for presentation to tho o who may render important s-rvioe to tho Acclimatisn tion Society of Victoiia Mr Wilson also called attention to the fact that Miss Burdett Coutts, Sir Charles Nichol on Sir Daniel Cooper, and other personages of influence and wealth had undertaken from their own resources to introduce to Australia particular birds and anímale MÍES Coutts for íustauca hud promised tho nightingale and proposed forvvaiditig hither specimens of that bird until it was fully established Mr Wil on, in concluding uiged that the example was one which might well be followed by rich Vic tortans The nhctdy numerous fleet of intercolonial steamers ofwluch Vietoria can boast has lately received another and valuablo addition The Alexandra, so named afcei tho Princess of Wales, isa handsome and powerful brig rigged steamer, of nbout 700 tona burthen, and was built at home under her owners immediate superintendence In appearance B)IC IS on a lai ger eenie, almost an exact copy of the City of Launceston of which a description was given m our columns some time ago It hal not j et been determined what trade she will bo placed in From the home papers wo fini that we have to exnect a rival to the Great Britain nnd Great Victoria in tho shapT of the Royal Standard a steamship built for the White bturLine.and intended ol course, for the passe ntir trade between Liverpool and Aus nalia It appears to be tho fact also that the Great Eastern herself may ba expectod to visit us at an early date 1 he Great Biitain and Great Victoria aro new both at anchor in Hobson's BJJ , and not far from each other -lire formnr, aftor another rplcndld passage of sixty days and two hours She was detained outside the Heads for two days by the heavy weathor which prevailed in the early part of last Week otherwise the toyago would havo beon accomplished under Eixty da>s The Great Victoria mado the passée in nbout sixty s x dajs, and considering har mishaps nt «tarting it was a wonierfnlly rapid tnc The damage done at tho beginning to her topgallant masts was such as to ron 1er tho use of topgallant or studding sails impossible, nnd it wab hardly to be expLCtid that so largo a vesfd would havo accomplished what the Great Victoria did under such teanty canvas as she was able to spread during the voyage Her success BO far nffords proof that, under ordinary ciirumBtances, Bho will prove heraelf a clippor and in that respect at least, a con sort worthy of the famous Great Britain For the vacant seat in the Legislative Council for the Eastern Province, there is now only one candidate in tho Cold- namely, Mr. Turnbull, his opponent (Mr. Hanna) having withdrawn. It is stated that a further discovery of coal has been made, a seam nearly four feet thick having bren found on the b-iuks of one of the creeks of the Wannon, about savon miles from Coleraine, and specimens of the mineral have, wo understand, been sent to tho office of the Messrs. Henty, at Portland. Great preparations are being made for tho Chri-itmas pantoroimis ; and that at the Theatre Royal promises to he one of the finest wo have ever had. Tho Bombay, bringing the October mails, arrived in the bay eaily on Wednesday, the 10th. Tho Northam, with the outgoing maila for England and (ho Ea-t, sails on Saturday, at two o'clock. THE FLOOD. The flood of last week is admitted to bo the most formidable visitation of the kind which has been experienced since the foundation of the colony ; it is not a mere figure to say that Melbourne was entirely surrounded by water. The Yarra rose in some places fully fifty feet ; in other parts, whero the banks aro low, tho river disregarded its natural sinuosities, and rushed along, a turbid tarrant. At I'rin<»'s-bridge, the Yarra is ordinarily about two chains wide. During the height of the flood the water extended from the Suburban Railway on the one side to the Im- migrants' Home on the other, a distanco of about a third of a mile. The southern ap- proach to the bridgo was completely hld in water, which dashed over the roadway like a cataract. All the low land bjumied by tho city, Emerald-hill, and Saudridgo was hid in one lnrgc sea, arid the water was up to the eaves of every house and store in that locality. Emerald-hill lsokod Uko an island, and the road to Sandridge could be traced only hy the tree and fence tops. Traffic lind to be suspended for sevoral days on tbo Hobson's Bay Railway, and people who had business between the city and Eme- rald-bill and Sandridge had to bo conveyed to and fro by boats, aud pretty well along tho samo route which isusutlly traversed by cars. Along Flinders-street west and the thorough- fares connected with it the flood was master. Stores and warehouses were uudcr water, and publicans bad to establish lines of holts in Older to avoid losa of custom. A great quan- tity of merchandiie in the wharf-sheds was swept away by the force of the curront. Steamers and sailing vessels, though ready to leavobarbour, had to remain at the wharfs, be- cause the flood would not allow tho course of the Yarra to be traced. The works of the Mel- bourne Gas Company wera inuudatod, and, in consequence, the city was in partial dark- ness for several nights. Higher up the river, the damage was still more distressing. The approaches to tho Botanic-gardens biidge were washed awoy ; the Punt-read for half its length was covered with wat-r ; all the cot- tages lying between this thoroughfare and Ciemorne had such a pluvial visitation that the inmates wero glad to escape with their lives; and the tanneries, wool-washing places, and other industrial works near II twthorn and Simpson'a road, wero sadly injured. Tho d-tiiils 01 these and other cases of disait?r are subjoined. The flood commenced on the morning of Monday, the 14th inst., and continued risiug until the following Thuisday morning. Then it began to subside, and the waters have Bince been gradually receding. The flood was pre- ceded by a violent galo, which greatly injured the shipping in tim bay, and played havoc with the enclosed bathing-places at Sand- ridge and St. Kilda. Following upan tho gale were threo days of incessant rain. Another disturbing causo was the unusually higli tide. Tlie position of affairs on Tuesday, tho 15th,inst., was somewhat as follows:- A.t daybreak the inmotos of the houses near the railway bridge found it necessary to abandon their homes. Ona poor woman, stupefied by .tho peril of her situation, literally sat down "in the water, and would havo perished but for speedy help rendered to her by the orliceri of the lailway, who were engaged in the work of rescue. At a later hour boats pliod across the flat between the south bank of the river and the Sandridge lino, to which they ferried the inhabitants of tho numerous cot- tages which extend along the sida of the Yarra by the various ftrries. By ten o'clock a very strong body of water was roaring acioss tho St. Kilda-road, bejoud Prince's bridge. Ono of the telegiaphic-pjsts wai thrown down, and a second displuced. Portion) of the fencing speedily gave way. At least four cr five feet of water covered tho road at tho deepest part, and its force was very graat. Here two of tho accidenta of tlio day occurred. The first, nbjut half-past ten o'clock, was to a van. The driver, about nine- teen years of age, was on his rotum from Richmond to tlio stores, and made his way to the bridge. Ho was stopped by tho police- man stationed there, and warned that it was dangerous to cross the flood. Replying that he only wished to seo tho water, he was allowed to go across tho bridgo. Seized by some sudden impulse or leoling of bravado, be drove into the current. Ho was driving a fine willing maro, but the roar of tho water seemed to frighten her. She turned down with the stream, in a moment afterwards lost her footing, and maro and cart »ni man were swept over or through tho fence into the deep water beyond. The maro was drowned in a few moments. As soon as the accident wag observed, two boats put off, and they succeeded in picking up tho driver, who was standing on the wnc-l and holding on as he best could. The dray was afterwards swept away, and was lost sight of. Chaios were then put up across the roadway, and extra policemen stationed on tho bridge, to prevent carmen and others attempting to ford the flooded portion of the roads. By mid-day ttto or threo boats commenced to ply with passengers across the swamp. Ono of the men thus engaged attempted to cross when there was no ono in tho boat but him- self; he got too near the road, and being over- powered by tho cuirenr, the boat was swept against the fence, overturned, and cairiud doun; both beat and rnnu disappearing, Tho boatman, to the meat relief of the spec- tators, CEcapod with merely a good duck- ing. About hall-past three o'clock, a car driver most foolishly attempted to cross from the St. Kilda side, iu spits of every warning. Bio had a young boy with him in his only passenger. They had no sooner got to the pait ot the iond whero the wuter was deepest, than the horse was catried down, dragging the car with it. The latter kept on ita wueels, and for fully 200 j ords the horse struggled on -now falling under tho water, and now reco- vering its feet again for a moment. At last it sank, and was drowned; und driver and boy were in imminont danger of sharing its fate. A boat, however, reached and rescued them. A subscription was mado on the sp it, and over £5 handed to the rescuers. By this time the Yarra had so increased in volume that the water was within a few inches of the longitudinal beams of the railway bridge. The embnnkraeut erected on tho south sido of the river by the municipality of Emerald-hill had tho effect uf raising tho level of the water in the bad of the river Borne threo or four feet above that spread over tho flat. The strong curront thus restrained beat upon the north Bide and tho bridge with great force ; and it was considered advis- able to suspend the traffic on both of the Hobîou's Bay Company's lines after ¡ona o'clock. Both railways, howevor, were thrown open to foot-passengers. Tlio water had reached abovo the level of tho rails near the junction. The small engine usually emploi ed on the pier was engaged for the re maindcr of the day in cairymg bags of sand from the beach, which wero usod to protect tho culverts of tho uno agairnt tho eûeots of tho current. So imminent did tho danger to the company's propeity seem for a timo, that communication waa made) to Mr, Hervey, the Commissioner of Public Works, who with the responsible officers of the de- partment, met the directors of tho cora puny at the station, to consider whether tbo embankment should not bo opened, to allow the stream to find its natural lovel. Some reluctance to take this step »an felt ; but the Yarra itself cut short the debate-tho water having first broken through'its re- straining bank near the boat-shed opposite tlio station, and the great volume of water rushing through the small arch of tho hridga having afterwards overwhelmed the embank- ment higher up. The water escaped over the northern bank at Mouritz's coal yard, and flooded Flinders-street, opposite the foot of William-street. Fortunate!}', it did no damage there, and it found a lower lovel alrno&t; immediately after tho breaching of tho embankment. Lower down, coniiderablo durango was done. The tide did not rise suffi- ciently high to obscuro the falls, and the noiso of tho vast body of water rushing through the piles of tho bridge and over tho stones there was very grand. Tho tido was high enough, however, to rnako its way under tlio wharfs into Flinders street, which, from Market-street downwards, was only pismblo in boats. Some of tho stores were success fully barricaded against the water with green hides, held in their places by heavy weights, but in the ueighbouihood of King-street considerable loss was sustained. In tile timber-yards below Batman's-bill all dirttnetion of property was lost. Waves and winds combined to disarrange rafts and piles of timber, planks and logs floating about in all directions, while men in boats endea- voured to recupture and re-arrango the waifs. Evidences of tho destructive character of the visitation to dwellings on the Upper Yarra were numerous. The sides and gable ends of wooden cottages were seen floating bodily down, and stray articles of furniture, swim- ming scaw aid showed that some poor families were severe losers. An entire wooden house -one end only blown in-apparently of two large or four small rooms, was carried under Piinco's bridge about five o'clock, floating up- right. The flood spread over the low-lying ground in tho vicinity of the Richmond Punt, and extended considerably beyond tho railway bridge in one direction, and some distance up Swan-street in another, inundating many houses, dettiojing furniture, &c;, and in ii.any instances comnelling the inmates to leave their abodee. M< n in boats piled about the Louses, rowing over gardens anl gardon walls, picking up such waifs as could ba got out from the upper windows, or which were Heating about in the muddy Eea. Towards Hawthorn, the flood spread out over fieldB rarely visited by the overflowing of the river, and completely buried tho pretty newly laid out garden of the Horticultural Society, which will bo altogether ruinod by the wash of Eoll and deposit of debris. Rising to within a few feet of the lovel of the bridges, tl.o water found its way over the lower part of tho Toorak- roud, to a depth of something like nine or ten ft et. In tho neighbourhood of Studley-park, tho liver rose higher than during the great flood in 1819, and covered a vast area of ground, inundating dwelling- houses, gir dens, tanneries, iclmongcrits, and othor basinets establishments, und destroying a laige amount of property. Immediately above the Studley-park ferry, several acres of land, on which are situated one or two villa residences and a number of brickyards, ware converted into one immense sheet of wator. A largo two-story building was moro than half submerged, and the water nearly reached the roof of another house. Both houBcB stand at a considerable distance from tho ordinary bank of the river. The premises adj'oining, in which was carried on the business of a tanner and currier, were completely swamped, and a portion of them washed away. Valuable Btocks of hides, leather, bark, and other mataríais were Bwept down the river, and the rest will be rendered comparatively worthless. The proprietors of the brickyards lying nearest to the river suffered severely. From Studley-park bridge up to JohEBton street bridge the scone which the river pre- sented on Tuesday afternoon was one of wild grandeur, and every few yards exhibited some fresh signs of the devastation which tho flood had caused. Soveial houses were partiilly filled with water ; gardens and orchards wero inundated, the tops of high trees being tho only signs of vegetation which remained; and hayricks, baskets, logs of wood, chairs, tables, and a multitudo of other articles, wero whirled away by the rushing waters. At Johnston-strott bridge tho water roso to a tremendous height, being over the tons of the piers; and at Dight's Mills, near thojuue tion of the Merri Creek and the Yarra, tho scene could only ha compared to a foaming and boiling Eon. The water rose as high BB the third story of the mill. Northwards from the city thcro was tho same tala to tell. Tho land on either sido of the railway was flooded to such an extent na to present tho appearance of an extensiva lake. Fences were swept away, and timber, barrels, aud stray articles of various descrip- tions were floating about in all directions. Houses were sunounded and gardens in- undated, while the now road formed by the Braybrook Road Board, at a cost of some £6,000, was almost entirely hidden from view. A coachfactory recently erected was also completely surrounded, as were various other buildings on both sides of the railway. Between five and six in the oven ing, tho waters had readied the walls of the Abattoirs, and almost completely overspread the Racecourse. During Tuesday cars passed between South Yarra and Melbourne by way of Richmond Buspension-bridge. On Wednesday afternoon, however, while a cart loaded with hay was nasBing over the wooden bridge across the Ingoon, between tho suspension-bridge and Gardiner's Creek-roal, the bridgo gave way, and cart, hay, and horse, were swept down by tho angry flood, the driver escaping with some difficulty. Usually this Ingoon is un- troubled by any current. Now, however, the flood which rolled down it, from one portion of the Yarra to auother, was of the fierco3t character. The ae cider» t effectually stopped for a time all traffio by that route, and left tho railway bridge as the only availablo meanB of communication batween Haw- thorn-bridge and the sea, from the north to tbo south bank of the river. Below Prince's-brldgp, on the south sido, the Yarra had formed for itself the new chan- nel already referred to. Tho current, setting ncrosB the flat and the road, entotcd th<) old lagoon, and pouring down tbenco to the bay, crosstd the Bands by a month something liko a quarter o f a mila broad, and creating a heavy surf by its meeting with the tide. Even this large vent, however, failed to let out the sur- plus waters, and the whole of North Sandrldgo was more or less nndor water. Several houses, the foundations of which wero shallow, wero washed down ; and at one time, on tho Wed- nesday, as many as eighty children wore sheltered in Browning's flour-mill, in Bay street. The mill itself, however, became in- secure, the foundations having b?on affacted, and carts having been obtained, tho children wero tnken to Emerald-bill for shelter. On the Thursday, about one o'clock, Jones's kerosene store, built of corrugated iron, on the left bank of the river, began to show symptoms of weakness. Some portions of the sides had given way, and though a num- ber of men were employed with boats, timber, and canvas, to prevent the egress of the cases of kerosene, a vast number of those lather precious articles floated out into the current, and soon hundreds of them wore seen swimming seawnrde. Boats put off in puisuit, and many ware iccapttired, but many more were ttianeled towards Emerald hill priz' s for wreckers. During the flood, tho following notification was extensively placarded on tho walls by order of the ComtnisBionor of Customs : "To Poor PerEons driven out of tluir Homo3 by the ptesent Floods:-Accommodation for a few days will bo afforded to such families and persons on their applying at tho Immi- grants' Depot, King-street, West Melbsurno. Should tile demand bB in excess of the spare room, tcutB and bedding, under propar care, will be loaned, and other assistance granted to the necessitous. A certificate from a clergy- man or a magistrate of the locality must ba produced at the di pot." Public meetings havo boen held and sub- scriptions opened for tho assistance of thoso who have been all but ruined by tho flood. Stiango to say, during the time that tho rnctiopolis experienced so serious a visitation, fine weather prevailed in the intorior. THE NEW ZEALAND WAR. Our last monthly account of this war loft off with General Cameron in possession of Moro mcre, and gradually pushing forward his ope- rations; a few deadly hash Bkirmishcs show- ing how determined the enemy was in resist- ing our advance. Heavy reinforcoments from India and olsowhero wero arriving, and moro being expected, preparations wero bring mado for a campaign which should only end with the subjugation of tho rebellious Maories, and the permanent establishment of British dominion. Our roadora will And below that the success which has already attended Geuornl Cameron's masterly arrangement of his forces warrants UB in anticipating a much earlier termination to the war than was gene- rally looked for. The news of tho good service dono by the colonial gunboat Sindfly, in Eclzing rebel stores ana the capturo of canoes lu the Manu kau in the eaily i art of November, though Bet-off by the destruction of the Manukau signal station, encouraged us to hopa for bttter tidings, which Boon carno. On Friday, December 4, the Himalaya returned to Syd- ney, after conveying the COth Regiment to Auckland, and with her carno the following messago from the General Commanding : '. Nov. 21,1803. " Wo assaulted tho onemy's entrenched position at Rangnrhi at half-past four p.m. on the 20th, and carried it, after a desperato engagement. I regret to cay our losa is Bevere -Lieutenant Murphy (12th) nnd Midshipman Watkins, R.N., and thirty-five mon killed ; thirteen officers and eighty men wounded, Including Colonel AuBliu, 14th Regiment; Captain Mavno. Lieutenants Alexander, DowntB. and Hotham, RN.; Captain Marcor, RA.: Captain Phelps, 14th Regiment; Cap- tain Gresson, Lieutenant Talbot, Lieutenant Chevalier, Adjutant Lowis, Goth Begt. ; Cap ta'n Brookes, B E. ; Ensign Ducrow,40th Regi- ment,-the greater part severely. The ouomy fought with the greatest detertnitiatiju. aid held the strongest part of his position during the whole night ; being completely surrounded nud cut off, they imrrendered unconditionally at half-past five this day. 183 in number aio now prisoners of war, among-t them several chiefs of note. The enemy*» loss has not yet been ascertained, but it is known to be veiy groat. A party of 400, under William Thomp- son, approached the position from tho east witta a ling of tmce after the surrender. An interpreter was sent, who statos that William Thompson appeared inclined to surrender, but his people were opposed to it, and went back, ho says, and sent in his more by the ititerpreter, with whntobjects I am not aware. The King was present at Ktngariii, and escaped during the night, by swimming acrosä the swamp, as did several others. Tho total number ol' the enemy present at the engage- ment is not known. This tietojy, it has been observed by a writer on the spot, " took tho colony by sur- prise. The strength of the position was un- known ; and after their hurried evacuili m of Meremere, it was doubted that tho rob U would moko a further staud so soon. The casualties on our side, though heavy, aro by no means equal to the slaughter at Ohai'ohai, from whence) we wero repul6ed without a single biuck skin having been scarred. Tho number of officers struck down affords a con- vincing proof how emulous tbey must have been ot each other." The rebel prisoners were in most part put on board the Pioneer for safety, and evontually takon to tho Queen's Redoubt, and transferred to tho 6afe keeping of 'ho Curacao till a hulk could be got ready. We havo since received more extenied de- tails of the tight. Thero was a naval force, consisting of the Pioneer, with 100 men of the 40lh Bcgiment, and tho naval brisado towed four gun-boats up tho Waikato till 800 yards from the re doubt, when they opened fire* Al tho same timo a land force of 1200 men, under General Cameron, marched up, and a storm in« party, consisting of 300 nun of the 05tti, liiO of the 14th, and 100 of the 12th, was led up to the fortification. Captain Gresson and Lieutenant Talbot led the skirmishers, under the guidance of Cap- tain Brooke of the engineers, who, with Cap- tain Toker, of the 05th, led tho laddor pix y. consisting of forly-eight men of the 05th and ten engineers, twenty-four men following under Lieutenant Chevalier, carrying planks to within 300 yards of tho first work, which was a ditch, thirteen feet wide and eighteen feet deep, with riflo pits in the rear, and con- nected by covered ways occupied by Maories, who fired steadily and wpidly. The troops cleated tho works in g illant style, and rmhed fer tlie centre oftho woiks- a redoubt of great strength. Meantime tho 40th landed and took the swamp on tho other side, killing sixty or seventy Maories. The Maories in the centre stood their ground bravely, feeling Uko rats in a trap, when the blue jackets, led by May io, Downes, and Hotham, rushed to tho front, with revolvers and cutlasses. Night put an end to the conflict, and in tbo morning tho whito flog was hoifted by tho rebels, who sur- rendered unconditionally. Our casualtù» must bo regarded as severe. They inciudo the following returns : Artillery.-Killed : Threeprivates.Woundod: Captain Mercer, dangerously ; Sergeant-Major Hamilton, and ono gunner. 12th Riglraent.-Killed: Lieutenant Mur- phy und six piivates. Woundiid : Corporals Moregrovo and Savage, and thirteen pri- vates. 14th Regiment.-Killed : Lance-Corporal Burrell, and four privates. Wounded: Lieu tenant-Colonel Auttin. severely; Oapttin Phelpp, dangerously ; Seigeant Mansbridge and fourteen private?. 40th Regiment.-Wounded : Ensign Du crow, severely ; Corpoiali Hoilanborg and Mam, nnd nine privates. 05tb Regiment.-Killed.'Thiiteen privafc?s; Wounded : Captain Gresson, very severely; Lieuttnnnt and Adjutant Lswis, severely ; Lieutenant Chevalier, sovoreiy; Lieutonant Talbot, dangerously ; Sergeants Hughes, Man- gan, and Howson; and tbirty-uno privates. Navy.-Eclipse). - Wounded : Captain Mayno, severely. Curaçio: Lieutenant Alex- ander, severely: Lieutenant Hotham, severely; Midshipman Watkins. Milanda: Lieutenant Downes, severely. Royal Engineers.-Wounded : Lieutonant Brooke, slightly. Lieutenant Murphy, of thol2tb, and Mid Ehiprnan Watkins, of the Curaçao, who died; of his wounds, wero buried ou the 21th No- vember, with military honour.', at Auckland. An expedition up the Thames, undor tho corn m bud of Colonel Carey, started in H.M. p.s. Esk, for the purpose of taking posso'sion of that partot the enemy's country, which a Horded most supplies, and buildiog redoubts, but it met with few obstructions, and, though successful, wai not able to striko the blow that was hoped for. We havo since twico rccoived intolligeuco per steamers Auckland ami Princo Alfred, which we must briefly summarize. Tho fonner told us that many Maori chiefs offero i submission, and that no signs ofrebrlsworo found during a rcconnoitering expedition up the Waikato. It was belioved that Klngi was thrcati ning Taranaki, but nothing was abso- lutely known. As time passed it haked out that the wholo of the Ngatiawa, or Waikato, tribe wero In Rangariri during the fight, num- bering, with other small detachments, 1,100 men, whilo the attacking foroo numbered only 1,200 of all arms. Of tholatest news wa havo only the following telegram : " The Moori King movement is considorod as extinguished. William Thompson, has ad- dressed tho Governor, suing for peace on ony terms, all his tribe exceptabont forty bsing killed, wounded, or prisoners. Governor Grey replied, ' The Gineroi must go uninterrupted to Ngaruiwahla. The Queen's flag must bo ho'sted thero. Then I will talle with you.' "Latest accounts say that General Cameron had rapidly pushed through tho Waikato country, aud that beforo tbo Maories could recover tho blow given them at Rangariri, ho bud reached Thompson's head-quarters unmo- lested. " 'I ho troops made simultaneous movomentq from Koheroa, Meremore, and tho Queon's Redoubt. A portion was supposed to be in- tended for tho occupation of Ngnruiwahia. " General Cameron's ability in the success- ful ci-nduct oftho war is warmly eulogized. "Colonel Austin, 14th Regiment, has died of wounds received at Rangariri. The other wounded oflicors aro expected to recover. "The cxpediliou to tho Thames had con- structed a lino of slrong redoubt?, completely cutting off tho upper country from tlio forest rnriges of Hanua and Wauktt. Whon To Wheors nriived at Ngaruawahia ho found Ngatimnniopotis preparing to cut down King's flagstaff, to prevent its falling into the hands of the British. Thompson and Wnikatocs would not permit this, nnd gavo I'OEseEsion to Te Wheors, to surrender to iho gcnornl," Thus wo terminafo tho month's news with for moro reason for satisfaction than at any other peiiod of the war. Wo hoar of froBh reinforcements cn route from India, and some of theso havo put in at Adelaide for a few hours for surplies. There is some talk of ?.utting tho rebel prisoners on the Chatham Inlands riB a sort of penal settlement, but nothing is quito settled. Everything shows that thero is to bo no relaxation of the efforts to complete the subjugation of tho cuuntry, snd it, is not unlikely that a fow months will restore tranquillity. ACCLIMATISATION. The work of acclimatisation has been carried on with great energy during tho past year, both in this and tho neighbouring colonies, and with considorablo success. Tho socioties under whose auspices tho work Is promoted havo boen well supported pecuni- arily, and their funds havo enabled thom to introduce numerous bilda and animals from countries in all parts of the world. Many encouraging instances of actual acclima- tisation havo como undor notico during the year, several of tho quadrupeds and ornithological specimens which havo beoa liberated from tho rosorveB in which they had hitherto been kept, having been found to increase and multiply, and apparently thrive ns well as in their nativo homes. Acclimatisation socletlos have aläo boon cstalillthed in Qirosneland, and Inver- cargill, New Zenlaud, during the year, and local bronchi« of tho Victorian, Acclimatisa- tion Society havo beon formod in tho towns of Ballal at, Beechworth, and Portland, Tho New Zealand Socieity has mido au excollent beginninv, and £300 has beon vot.d in aid of it, by tho"Provinclal Council, £50 for tho in- troduction of game, and £250 for salmon ova. Tho receipts of tho Victoria Acclimatisa- tion Socitty for the year wero £3.595 14s., in- cluding a Government grant of £2,400. Tho annual met ting of thu Focloty was recently held, nt which the council presen tod a report, somo extracts from which will bo found ex- ceedingly interesting. In noticing tho at- tempts which have beon made, both hero ana in somo of tbo other Australian colonies, to introduce certain fish hitherto unknown in these waters, the council mentioned that thora \- was every probability of the British salmon being . introduced ^ into Tasmania before many months elapsed, arrangements lia-ring been made by the Acclimatisation Society there for obtaining a supply of ova ?which could scarcely fail in being sur cessful. "The gouramier, from the Mauri tins," continued the council, "has been actually landed at Adelaide alive, by M, Antarde do Bragard, and thoto is no reason to doubt that this excellant pond fish will Bhortly ba successfully established on this T continent." We may here mention that Sir Henry Barkly, ex-Governor of Victoria, has promised to Bend a supply of the gouramier, or gouramy, as the fish is also called, on his . arrival nt tho Mauritius, whither he pro- ceeded after leaving this colony. " The Yan Yean reservoir" (near Melbourne), added the 'ieport of the council. " has teen supplied by the society with English tinch, and eomo of i the other rcEeivoirs have been stocked with ' English dace. The Murray cod is now com- pletely established in several of our rivt-ra, where it has been placed within the last few years." The report gave the following list of birds and quadrupeds which have been introduced into the colony during the year: 7 whito »vans. 6 lîgyr tl&n; griene. S Macdirln ducks. 2 Bahama duck». 5 Ceylon poatowl. 1 61. gapi.ro heron. 2 moorukoa. 4 Impelan phonsar.ti. 4 Indi« pheasants, i 6 Capo pneisants. 8 Indian trrcy partridirei". 1 Indian black i anridtto. SO Algerina sand grou=e. 6 M«dtt?a>oir quail. 6 Oallf.irnlui quail. 2 lïoudla f awls. 2 Padua tow's. 5 Queen f.. win. 2 Crevocraur fuvvlB. 4 Indira dovri. "2 Chinóse buiïaloos. 1 Oiiylon elk. 7 hog door. 1 Manilla deer. ' 9 axis door. 1 Formosa deer. i moose deer. 4 M »tilla doven. 6 Kngllih wood plgaons. 2 Brazilian doves. 4': Ii día i minn birds. 2 Cbli esc thiushos. SO «tarlinga. 15 jellnwhrtrmnerj. SiguldHmhea. 59 clridlnchoa. 10 ortolins. SO Greenfinches. 120 English »pv-row«. 45 Ohino..o sparrows. SO Javaipvrows. 0 Indiin f pirrows. 7 robim. 7 Chlneao bawflschrs 8 Rocklumpton fir, che?. i Brazilian Anchos, 1 lill II. 49 Costanero goats. 12 Andora coats. 5 English hares. 4 silver-groy rabbits. 5 Chi chillas. 1 agouti. Special pleasure was expressed hy the council at the success which has attended the introduction of the English thrush and lark, which are rapidly spreading all over the colony. Flocks of English wild duck aro also frequently observed, and the council trust that the sparrow, goldfinch, chaffinch, greenfinch, stalling, and ortolan, aie now in- troduced hi sufficient number to insuro their permnnenco His Excellency the Governor (Sir Charles Darling) presided at the society's unnunl meeting, and assured the society of~ his earnest co operation in their work. Mr. Edward Wilson resumed his posilion of president of the society on Tuesday last, after an absence of ncaily twoyoars in Brgland. He delivered an addreps on the occation, ex planatory of the progress which the acclima- tisation movement is making in England. He referred to the assistance which the Iinpetial Government had consented to give the c ruse, by requiring its representatives throughout the world to 6upply answers to a number of acclimatisation queries, and by placing Hir Msjebty's Navy at tho disposal of the Accli- matisation Soc'ety of Great Britain, and its branches. He mentioned the progress ?which had beou mado in the creation of a fund for the striking of medals for presenta- tion to those who may render important ser- vice to tho Acclimatisation Society of Vic- toria, and called attention to tho fact that MIBB Burdett Coutts, Sir Oharles Nicholson, Sir Daniel Cooper, and other personages of influenco and wenltb, had undertaken from their own resources to introduce to Australia particular biids and animals. Miss Coutts, for instance, had promised the nightingale, and proposed forwarding hither specimens of that bird until it was fully established. Mr. "Wilson urged that the example was one which might wellbofollowed by rich Victorians. He also dwelt upon the desirableness of organizing a system which would enable the acclimatisa- tion sooleties in Europe and in this part of the world to send exchanges to each other with the least possible loss amongst the speclmons, and suggested that the Zoulogical Society of london should be a central depot, to which all contributions might bo forwarded in tho first instance, and where proper officers could bo appointed to superintend the contribu- tions on their arrival and their tranship ment to their respectivo destinations. By this moans, the frequent changes of various kinds which now prewed fatal in a very large number of cases would hu avoided. Mr. Wil- son stated that the Zoological Society, and all the societies to whom ho had mentioned the scheme in Europe, had heartily approved of it. Tho addiesa was listened to with great attention, aud at its close, Dr. Black warmly congratulated the society on the return of its president. _ THE GOLD FIELDS. We aro now approaching the end of the year, and it is plain that the yield of gold has fallen off but little, if at nil, considering the decrease in the number of minors cngigcd in tho search." This has happened not so much because of new discoveries of fresh ground as from tho unusually abundant sup- ply of water throughout almost the whole of the twelvemonth, heavy rains having fallen early laBt summer, to bo repeated at no long intotval8 np to the present time. Many of the miners suffered in consequonco from the too oft recurring floods, but on the whole there can ecarcely be too much Tain for the benofit of the mining interest, and a wet year must always bo favourable for tho production of gold. With plenty of water at hand old ground can be turned over and over again, and puddled with profit as long as any of it remains.and the very poorest ground can be worked with advantage ; while if watov Is scarce the miners are obliged to crowd together whero the deposits aro richer, but where one half of them have to look on in idleness, without the chnuce of getting a grain of gold. While bénéficiai in somo respects, tho wetness of tho spring and sum mor has prevented much being done as yet towards opening up tho rich reefs and river diggings amongst the mountains between the Ovens district and Gipps Lund, although moro crushing machinery has been con- veyed on pack- hoi'riM to the former, and s number of mon have collected on some of the rivers, awaiting tho time when tho banks aro to become dry onough to allow of operations being commenced. Extraordinary and, as it now appoars, very much exaggerated accounts of the richness of the doposits found besido the Dargo were spread a fow weeks sinco, causing as much of a rush as could bo expected when the diffi- culty of reaching tho desired spot was so great ; but the yield from the banks of the Dargo ÍB likely tobo no greater, if as gi eat, as that obtainable fiom sovernl of the other Gipps Land rivers. Tbo Thomson has been Ecarcely tried na yet, but a number of claims havo been taken up along its bankB, and it is oxpectud that much gold will bo obtained from these as soon as the river falls to its sum . mor level. The continued wo^k of tho fow men employed on the most inaccessible of the Gipps Land reefs has disclosed further liehe? in theso ; and so convinced wns tho Minister of Mines, during a lato tour through this mountainous tract ot country, of its vast importance in a mining point of viow, that ho 1B about to have leading roads cut through tho, scrub and timber, along the dividing ranges and between (ho differont settlements already formed, so that intercourse and the oonveyanco of stores may be somewhat facili- tated, and the country may bo cxploreel with- out the great difficulties aud dangers existing at present. With main lines of road marked ont and a few gullies bridged over, the tra- velling distance from Melbourne may bu very much shortened, and all tho different diggings in that truct of country may be brought into communication with each other, and ren- dered capable of absorbing a large number of additional people dining tho summer. Onthe older gold fields we havo had about tho nsual number of discoveries of fresh spots, and of extensions of old lends and workings, but nono at all equal in importance to tno=out Haywood in tho Ueudigo district, whero a second load still better than the first has been opened, and the only drawback is a scarcity of water, no creeks belüg near, and tho minors not having baon yot long enough on tho ground to provide for nn artificial supply. Thus tho greater part of the gold hitherto obtained has been picked from the dry Boil and wash-dirt, and Haywood has produced ncaily all the nuggets found during the last month, the most noteworthy of these woigbing respectively 47oz., 45oz., 80oz., 32oz, 28oz. Cdwt., 25oz., 17oz., lGoz. Cdwt., with in- numerable pieces of smaller size. A trial lot of quartz taken from n rcof found in one of alluvial claims aleo yielded an ounce to the ton. In regard to quartz-mining the changes have of course been few, but the desire for taking np abandoned reefs again, and testing these more fully, is decidedly on the increase, J and this because of the success so often at- tained in such cases. As an instance, we may point to the very large yield of 106oz. la-el y obtained from one ton of stone oui of tho Arrandale Reof, near Dunolly, aftsr neailj twice as much gold had been picked from th : richer specimens, and thù was ono of tuu reefs abandoned months before as not woi th working. The usual number of new reefs havo been opened, and a bag of stone tVken from one of theso a f -w days since, and weigh- ing only sixty pounds, yielded forty eight ounces of gold. Prom the older reefs the yield is nowkeptupmoro by a smaller averiigcfmm a greater quantity of stone than by the high exceptional returns, of which, however, wo have ttill a few to chronicle. Thus, 170 to B ot stone crushed at Tarnagulla last month produced 512oz ; aud ono lot of 300 tous, from a claim at Inglewood, produced 470oz. ; whi'o 79 tons from tho Marsh Reof, at the same place, gave a return of 204ez. A lot of ttn tons from one of the roofs at Redcastle, in the M'lvor district, produced 153JZ, and there havo been high yields from somo of tho reefs in the Bendigo district ; but particulars of the best of these have not been ma'io public. In tho Castlemaine district the best j reids wero obtained from tho Niimod Reef, namely-87oz. lOdwt. from twenty- two tuns, sixty ounces from sixteen tons, and thiity-five ounces from twenty- nino toes, all out of different claim'. A bmnll yavcnl i,f eight tons and a half, from the Nug- gety Reef at Campbell's Creek, yielded 101. z. 2divt., and tbo Ajax Company had a return one week of 227oz. from 180 tons of stone, t Ue best yield obtained by this still uroFp.rous company during ibe month. Of all toe Bal- larat compinies the Koh-i-Noor has lively been paying the highest dividends-nairn.ly, £67 per share for ono fortnight of tho month, and £00 a share for the other. Tim Great Extended Componv's dividends wero reap c tively £25 and £38 per share, the Cosmo .u litan Company's £20 and £84, and tho De- fiance Company's £26 and £10. The Prince of Wales Company paid £31 per share for one fort- night, but did not declare a dividend hibt week, this and somo of the other companies reserving their gold to havo a largerdividtnd juut before entering on tho Christmas holidays. Litiga- tion is rifo as ever amongst these compauiej-', and there is no prospect of an end to the dis- putes-which is very much to bo rfgrettol, ns tha shares of companies so involved ure seriously depreciated in value, and work in the raines is either puta 6top to for the time, or else is carried on under most injurious re- strictions. A rotura lately prepared by thu mining surveyor of one of the divisiouR of the Ballarat distiict showB that in this there aro thirty-six companies, small and gi eat, with shares amounting, at tho present valua- tion, to £683,886, and which have laid out in machinery and building?, constituting the plant, but without counting anything for the labour in the rninc3, £10G,399. The plant of the Kohi-Noor Company cost £12,000, a'ui their shares aro worth £100,000, or £2,500 each. The Royal Stxon Company 1 rid out the same amount on their pitnt, and t'ieir Bhares are worth £800 each, or £32,000 in all ; and the Great Ext-rtuded Company's sba"e>s, with, an outlay of £0,000 on their plant, uro worth £144,000, or £1,800 each. Tho Albion comes next, with shares worth £1,600 each, and so on down to the little companies with t-hares of £6, and a proportionally smill out- lay iu machimry. AGRICULTURE. Much has taken place during the last few years to dispel the old idea that farming was a very Bimple business in Australia if you did but get rain enough to allow of tho cr.ops growing at all; and Iho experience of this year must surely drive away such an idea for ever. Rains have been frequent and heavy since laEt year's crops wero off tho ground tho fir6t fulling, indeed, before the last of the wheat was in the stackyard ; and now that the new crop of wheat is getting ripe, wo have had the heaviest rains of all, nud nccoin panied by suoh storms of wind that nothing could stand be'oro thom. Not many clays ago we wero congratulating ourselves that, even though the floods had doiiedam"gt)in place through the winter and spring, ond the frequent raiuB bad caused rust to bo f.tr too prevalent in the wheat, we should yet nava u good average yiold of grain for the whole colony ; but now the prospect ir altogether changed, at least around Melbourne. Tho floods of last week wore the highest known for many years, washing awayand destroying crops of all sorts on tho alluvial flats, some ot which had been planted for the third time, ond all heavy crops of grain on high land ex- posed in the least to the wind and rain were beaten down, so that few of these will be worth cutting. TheD, after difficulty enough with tho hay from previous raine, much of this was washed off to sea bodily by tho floods last week, the remainder being left thoroughly saturated, aud good for little. Even when it had been got together, many of tho stacks were blown down and the contents tossed about in the most provoking manner. Trees at all exposed were stripped of their fruit, and young vines were torn away from their stakes and broken to pieces, old ones also suffering mest se- verely. Thus, instead of a great abundance of fino summer fruit, as promised by the opening of the soason, tho Bupply has boon suddenly cut off, and much of the forward fruit left on the trees has been quite spoiled by the xaiu. So mach out of,the ordinary course of events have theso lastrainB and gales of wind been, that it seems useless to look much before us ogain ; but oven if the remainder of tbo agri- cultural year Bhould be favourable, we cannot now hopo for anything better than a small and late yield of grapes, and nil other autumn frui s. Muny of tho market gar- deners stttled on the river banks will be quite ruined, and we fear it will go hard « ith some of the farmers too. Fortunately, how- ever, this Btafca of affairs is only to be f >und ia a comparatively limitod district around Melbourno, for tho rains of tlio country were not heavy enough to do aay vory BCrious damage, although the higlr winds, accom- panied occasionally by Bha-p shower?, did some mischief. Still, oven under thu moBt hopeful view of tho case, tho prospect of a good yield of grain is in no part of tho colony very bright, for beforo the last rains thero wero general complaints of rust in almost oveiy district, to on extent never beforo witnessed hero, aud that, of conree, has spread still further with tho renewal of the bad weather. Then the grub and caterpillar aro said to bo appearing in some places ia unusual numbers, BO the fnrmeis as well as the gardeners havo their full sharo of trouble to contend agaiust. Tlio mowing-machines entered for the Port Philip Society's prizes were tried in tlio field somo weeks since, and the prize for Iwo-horBe machines was taken by the first makers of tiieeo here-Messrs. Robinson and Co.-threo acres of a moderate crop of green oats having boen cut in two hours and four minutes. Of threo machines started by other makers, the judges specially recommended two, ouo for tho good quality of the work done, and the socond for its speed and handincss of construction, tbo cutting bar folding ngainct tho frama with the driving gear, as in one of tbo well-known American mochines. Fho one horso ma- chines were also started, but as the prizo in this section is given for tho bcBt combined mower and reaper, theso will have to bo tried again in ripe grain bofora any ono of them can be declared to bo tho best. Each had to cut rathor moro than an aero of tolerably heavy green wheat, and the fastCBt got through its woik in littlo better than nn hour, Tho reapers ought to havo been tried about this time, but the grain is backward in ripening ; and indeed this will bo a bad season for machino work, as so much of the grain is laid nnd will bavo to bo cut by hand. The Ade- laide stripping machines, too, are coming into more general U60, and theso will scarcely be needed this year. Shearing is now over in all but the latest district?, ana the yield of wool is allowed everywhere to have been heavier than usual, with tho Btapie firmer and more evenly grown, as at no time slnco the previ- ous shearing was thero any scarcity of feed. Gross is everywhere moat abundant just now, Eo much so that people uro beginning to dread tho thought of bush- fires, which no doubt will bo very do strnctlvo if tho weather suddenly set in hot and dry. Tho Plcuro-pneumonia Commis- sioners are at longth commencing a series of experiments to prove exactly how thiB disease is communicated from ono beast to another, theso experiments to bo followed up by others showing how far inoculation may be depended on as a preventivo, and so on in good timo through all tho points on which veterinarians now differ ; but theso gentlo men aro so slow in their movements that, if they do not change very much in this respect, their information will bo of no nso when they aro prepared to offei it to tho public. In- oculation is now very widely practised, and appears to check the spread of this disease, but only for a timo, and sheep aro gradually replacing cat ti o whero ver they can bo kept, so that in two or three years the herds of Vio toria will bo few in number, and the treat- ment of pleuro-pneumonio will be a m at tor of comparatively little consequence. THE GREAT-BRITAIN. The name of the Great Britain may justly be Bald to be world-famous ; but it U more especially dear to the colonists of Victoria, very many of whom she has brought ti the.-o shores in the course of hor numerous and suc- cessful voyagea. Hardly less well known is the name of Captain Gray, her able com- mander,'and under whoso charge Bhe has achioved her gre atcst successes. The ai rival of the Great Britain is always looked forward to with interest, and Bhe continues to be an object of attraction DO long as she re- mains in the bay. It may bo remom bered that - she had- a thorough over- haul, both as regards hull and ma- chinery, while last at home ; and al- though in point of ago she has more than attained her majority, the " bravo old ship" may be regarded as quito as sound and sea- worthy as when first branched from the yard of her builder. It was expected,in consequence of the improvements made upon hur, that tno voyage just completed would be a rapid one, and that expectation baa been realised, tho Great Britain having dropped her anchor in Hobsou'a B*y in sixty days two hours from. Liverpool; mid but for the tonibly heavy weather outsido. for two dajB of which the ship was off the land waiting for an opportunity to rim through the "Bip," the voyage would have been completed under sixty dajs. The voyngj was a pleasant one throughout, and tho following particulars will give some idea, of the rate ol' speed at- tained at different times :-Strong head winds were expeiionced fur the tirât ten days; but Madeira was passed, at a distance of ten miles, on tho eighth day out. Tho equator was crossed on the nineteenth day out, in long, 23deg. 3inin., with fresh south-west winds. On the fortieth day out from Liverpool the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope was passed, in lat. 44deg. 14min. Strong south-west winds were then experi- enced for sixteen days, . during which the Great Biitain aveiaged 282¿'knots, or 3254 statute miles, per day. On the 25th ult. she ran S48 knots ; on the 28th, 326 ; on tho 30th, 368 knot«, and on tho 13th inst., 319 knots. On the 3rd inst. Cape Otway was 8,012 miks distant, a ran accomplished in eleven days. As usual, tho Great liritain bal brought quite a host of passengers, the total number having been C52, amongst whom thero wero many gentlemen whoso uamts ard familiar ia Victoria. The English cricketeis, too, were of the party in the saloon ; and they speak highly of tho ship and her commander. It is almost unnecessary to say that Captain Gray has again reudeted himself an especial favourite with all on board, by his kindness and courtesy towards his pasfcengors, no matter of what cla»s, and bj the seamanlike finalities displayed in the handling of his line ship. AddrecSes from all cl.isses wera pre- sented to him on the completion of the voyage, and theso were accompanied by a handsome prisent, which there can- not be a doubt were well enrncd. The address from the Euloon passengers touches upon the new featuro springing up in the trade between the mother country and this colony-the competition of steamships. The following is the address : "Now that our voya¿j ¡tom liverpool lo Mel- bourne is ab mt to b3 bruu¡riit to a b cciissiul teruit nation, wo, tho cabin piltenge» on boj.nl ol this ship, bog to envej to you our bia; ilnuks (ur ihe leind and couiidcrnto manner lu whicU you hive-, at lar ai in you lay, contribuís! 'o our comfort, uiuy, and happiuo:B dur.ug th» voyag'i. Your uorcmiitii ir and woll-nircc el efforts to proervo t.hu health uf all (¡lasset of your passing»* htro uffjided us IUKC1» latlsfactiou. Ii is raruiy, icdoed, that largo uuin bers ot peop'.o aro conveyed from tin shires of England to Auitraiia in such good health, safety, and coiufjrt a« wo hive boon. You rrcolVeJ On soula on board at Liverpool, irrespective ot your crow,and, under tho protection if Proviccr.ee, y*.u will be euablsd to land them all iu safely, B.IV0 , ne child ol tour y cars of ago, wlu died at an cul.) peiud oí tho vol ago. Ourvory hgh ODÍUIOII of yuur étique- teras a mau, of your capacity, energy, uno zsai as » coinnundor, and U your kindnoss aud urlui l'y uf disposition, loads us oareostiy tu hopo aad heltoie mat. your tutu u career will bo as prosperous »ud hippy «s you jours.K oin poiilbly uaiiro it to bo. Wu aro aware that the timo li fast approaciliiir, whou many auxiliary euro» atcantrs vi iii te.tor into vigor- ous competition with Hie drem Britain on the Aus- tralian line; but tinco your well-mentid and wide- spread pomonal popularity has, to tho aitual ki.ow ledgo of most uf ur, uduei laigel; to ih< pas- senger lists ot your Uno vcs-.el for ¿ears past, s) mu wo confident ilia*, ia the futuro }\ u, \>itb Um noble ahij) uuder your cmrfat.i!, will bo «bio lally to miintain your ground ugalnsi ali compttiti K, It the Liverpool and Australia .Navigation Corni au- will b it bick up your position in an ad quite]/ liber*! ann onllghteued spirit. We havo much pleasure lu con- gratulating you on the eillcionc- aud atttiiliuii to their dutioj on tho |.art of your oflicors, U OJili of whom pray t;ndor our thi.iks for their civility to ua at all timo i ; but in an especial rawinordo wa big of you tocuuvuy our atvitimouts e.f regard li Dr. Alux ander, wheeo lundnta.iand zeal ra tbo discharge ot lill duties havo glvei. lilma high position in our os.ima lion. In o nclusiou, ive biro to ni sure jon that we entortaln toward« you fee lugs of ttlucero robard nud e-tcein; and wa hie your uceptanco of the »coin panying pumo of suvorelgm, oa a small testimony of the Eouiitueuts wo luve ondeaVuurcl to exprès-, -W« aro, diar sir, yi.ura faithfully,"- [Signed by all tho cabin pasteugors]. There is not much difficulty in understand- ing the point of this allusion ; and the con- fidence reposed in Captain Gray, in this and the neighbouring colonies, by the many who have Bailed -with him deseives to gdu-and we have no doubt will obtain-for him sub- stantial recognition in the Bervice in which he has so long been engaged. Tho following was Captain Gray's reply : " Ladies and Gontlonien,-I have much pltosuro in thanking you tor tho liaodtOino nddreis aud testi- monial presented to ino at tho tei etina hu ot this ourvoy-ge from Lira-pool-which his certainly ap- peared to mo one Gf tho most pleasant and ag.co.tblo, both as regards üuo weither and jour cotn>uy, that I havo ever experienced during tho period oí my command. I havo hoon onabled, tocondod hy jour efforts and good eompinlonahip, to carry out tint system to long estab Mied lor tho comfort und Bafety of all oa beard,and all my endeavours Imvobeeu dircitcd to mike the voyage as agreeahloospesdblc. Owing to strong hoad wines, experienced ter a long period, our voyage soemod likely to be of longer duration than mimi ; however, the favourable bice»» since obtained enable i tbo goodold »hip ti acotnpiim tho distance of 2S2J nautical milos-equal to 325V atatuto mile«-per day, uude>r nail alone, for sixteea cotsecutlvo days, which lias again placed her iu a good position as to'hir usual suucojsf ul voyais With roipect to competition orUing from the bull lug of othor auxiliary «'Mm clipper», I trust tho üroit Britain will Btiil maintain lier present position in tho AUntia Un trido, and ahvajs bo held in tuttawa« I i<!i Ostim»t:un by her old pajscurrerg. Ou bui.a'f of mjseif, Mr. Alex.ild-r, and officer«, I again bsg to tend-.r you my sincere thanks ; aud trustiig thac on your arrival at your savor»! dcstinatin.fi you wid mous with u hearty rcci'ptioa from your f .iends and rota- tive», 1 rerai in," &.'. IMMIGRATION AND EMIGRATION. The official returns of the immigration and emigration at all ports of the colony bavobeen published for the month of November. The arrivals numbered 3,702 persons, and the departures 1,902 ; the balance being in favour of the colony by 1,800. Of the arrivals, 3,69i landed at Melbourne, and 8 at Poit Albert Of tho deparluros, 1,890 sailed from Mel- bourne, 7 from Geelong, and 5 from Port Albert. Tho sexes and ages may bo thus stated ¡-Arrived - 2,125 adult male*, 1,000 adult females, 2S1 male and 203 female children. Departed-1,278 adult males, 338 adult females, 161 male and 132 female children. The following digest of the ar- rivals and departures gives a clear insight into the migratory movements of the month : - 4* 13 is fi a 8 n Kow Soeith Wale».. South Australia .. Now Zealand ., 285 166 253 4S9 268 KO SD 1131 17 214 ~~s 005 Total neighbouring colo United Kingdom fc'oroign ports .. 13S3 2300 123 1G50 225 27 231 21(15 102 2193 COS 1600 603 Deduct depártalos .. 8702 1002 1902 003 Net increase) 1800 In the following table the arrivals and de- partures are given monthly for eleven months of the current year, compared with those ol 1802 : .1802. 1808. Arrived. De- portad, Arrived. Do part od. January .. .. 4,628 C.449 2,705 0,00v February.. .. 2,884 8,200 2,900 6,712 Sfaicli 4,087 3,113 2,659 4,912 April 8,180 2,859 4,067 2,122 May 2,060 2,049 2,292 2,700 Juno .. .. 2,610 1,027 4.C62 1,088 July .. 8,099 2,283 8,899 1,171 August .. ., 8,802 2,062 8,767 2,441 September 2.1C0 .7,817 2,900 2,70) October .. 2,249 .2.085 2,020 2.C92 November 3,125 1.7J0 8,702 1,003 Totals .. 34,978 85,145 85,029 32,eS9 THE THEATRES. - - After a brilliant and successful season of ten months and one day, under the manage- ment of Mr. Barry Sullivau, tho lessee, the Theatre Royal has been closed for a few days, in order to give scope ond opportunity to the artists employed in the extensive and costly preparations now making for ths production of the new Christmas pantomime, which is to bo supported by a double company of performers. It is said that the scenic artists, mechanists, and the costumieis, and the property department, havo all received cartes- lilanchcs to spare nothing that might bo f jund requisite to realiza to tho patrons of the Royal a really grand and gorgeous burlesque and pantomime. In pursuance of these very liberal orders, the artists employed havo spared the management no necessary ex- pense, and, in fact, from when tho curtain lisas on Salurday night to tho time when it falU the audience will sea nothing but what is new, as tho scenety (painted by Messrs, Hennings and Tanuett and assistants), the mechanical efhets, mavhinety, the properties, tricks, &c;, the gorgeous co-tuines and all the dresso», and the comic scones, tricks, and changes in the pan'omime, are all new. It appeurs that Brough's excellent burlesque cx travag.inz t Lalla Rookh has been selected to precoiio tlie barleqniuade, and Mr. Charles ïoung, who has leturned to this theatre, will nltornato the pait of Khorsanbad with Mr. R. Stewatt. The Haymarket also closed on Monday evening. Businef s lias not been good at this houso since the Keans kit for Sydney. Tho theatre will re open on Boxing- night for tho Christmas season. Very considerable pre- parations oro being mado fur tho panto' mime. A gocd operatic and pantomimic company have been engaged : the orchestra is to be largely increased iu number, the scenery is to bo of a high class, and the " comic busi- ness" good. The introduction to the pinto mime will consist of tho operatic la'try tala of " Cinderella," tho principal parts in which will hu supported by Madame Carandini, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Sherwin, and the Howson family; while for iho pantomime proper tho services ol'Mr. Rot, no, Air. Barlow, Madatuo Strebinger, and otbets, havo been secured. Mr. and Mis. Charles Koan have been (wo write on the authority of tho Sydney ¡Morning Herald) very enthusiastically received in Sid- ney, and havo been even moro successful with the audiences cf the capital of New South Wales than with thoso ol Melbourne. Several entertainments of minor import- ance aro just now, or aro about to be, offered in Melbourne. Amongst these the most noticeable are Mr. Birch's " Holiday Trip," Mr. Ray's "Old Christmas," and Professor Pesrrins's chemical sensation effects and ghost ilhuions. COMMERCIAL. The boisterous weather which wo had oc- casion to notice in our lust monthly summary, has culmiuated in a storm of wiud and raia the most severa eyer experienced along tho Australian coast, a3 tho account of this visitation iu other columns will testify. Tha trade of Melbourne has been isolated for n week. Tbo roads to tho suburbs havo been îendered impassable by tho floods. Two short lino3 of railway have been closed for three days. All business con neciol with the discharge of vessels in the harbour has been put a stop to for nearly seven da; s. Thero has been no Epring weather-one of the four seasons has been lost to trado. The winttr has lasted ovrr tbo spring until now, and the surnmtr has tot in with continued storms of lightning, wind, aud rain. Fortunately, tho inland districts bad laid in the mnjor part of their supplies, or severo distress would have ensued. The laiUay ttrtnini of the Murray River and thu Ballarat lineB aro rapidly becoming the dépôts upon which tho more distant gold- fields depend for their supplies. To theEe points tho clip of wool is brought, and from them tho rations for tho coming season ara taken. The wool season has been a very lato one. The last week in Decomber is at hand, rtnU not one thiid of this staple article of pro- duce has retched tho ports of shipment. In the money market, there have not been any real changes. The rates of exchanga and iciterest have not fluctuated. Credit has been weil maintained, and the year may bo said to have been one of more than ordinary prosperity. The population of tho colony has incicased, as well by immigration as from natural causes. New industries have been establihhed, and new brauches of inter- colonial trado have been opened up. Large and powerful additions have been made to tile shipping interest oftheport of Melbourne. Tho publio rovenues have shown no sign of decadence. The gold-fields .have not been so prolific as during former years. Tbo metal lias cost more in the mining, but the resources arc unfailing. In this branch of production, every fresh step points to tho in- exhaustible character of the quartz reofs. Tho silver mines ara yet in their infancy. Thoy have hitherto attracted little more than private enterprise, but now that their ex- istence has obtruded itself on public atten- tion, and the question of their profitable working ha3 been solved, capital is being attracted towards them. Taking a retrospect of the year, which, BO far as business Í3 con- cerned, way be now said to havo closed, but (ovr prominotit points aro brought to mind. The year 18G3 has been one of steady progress, and of consolation, in a busintss point of view. Risks have been IPSs imminent, nnd the faith in high ratest of interest for capital bas been Bhaken. The bank rates of exchange stand at :-Par for sixty days'sight, and 4 per cent, premium for thirty days'. The charges by tho Peninsular and Oriental Company for the transmission of gold and bullion trom Melbourne to the Bank of Eng- land amount to la per cent,, including insur- ance. The banking institutions having agen- cies in India charge-for thirty days' ex- change on Bombay, Calcutta, and Madras, 2s. lo. per rupee; nong Kong and Singa poro, i«. lOd. per dollar; Mauritius, 4a. 2d. per dollar; Ceyltm, 3J por cent, premium. Tho r.ttes of interest paid hy the majority of the banks aro as follow:-For deposits at thirty days' notice, from 1¿ to 2 per cent, per annum ; at threo months' notice, from 2 to 2J per cent,; at six months' notice, from 4 to 4} per cent. Tho banks quote 7 per cent, discount for two months' bills, 8 per cent, for tinea months', and 9 por cont. for four months'. Thor« lias boon au activo demand for gold in the mining dislricts; tho buyers for tbo banks have been anxious to secure as large quantities as possible for immediate ship mc nt. The rates quoted vary from £314s. Od. to £3 lös. 6J. per ounce for standard gold. At this latter price, the cost on board ship, inclubivo of tho export duty of Is. Gd. por ounce, amounts to £3 17s. per ounco. Tho clearances of gold last weok amounted to 26,423 ounces, I ringing the total shipments henea since tho commencement of tho year to 1,874,999 ounces, of which 1,536,387 ounces were the produce of Victoria, and 338,012 ounces transhipments from Kew Zealand ves- sel?. Tho shipments to the corresponding elate of tbo previous year remounted to 1,955,699 ounces, of which 1.662,351 ounces wera tho produce of tho Victorian gold- fields, and 293,348 ounces transhipments lrom New Zoaland vessels. The following is a list of the gold ships which have sailed heneo since the 1st of October, with the quantities and the des- tinations stated separately: Ditto ol Ship. Destination. Ounce«. Sailing. Oct. 12 Prince) oí Waloä.. London .. 85,4¡9 i. 21 Oothonburg ungo, N.Z. 0 » 27 Bombay Point de Gallo .. 85,671 " 3J Wong» Wonga .. Sydney .. 4,831 Nov. 7 Suftilk .. London .. 28.800 ?> ? tU'clulha.. Sydney .. 7,858 » B tfaid ol Judah .. London .. 3,204 » io da'clutha.. Sydney .. 10, "44 " 21 Water Nymph .. London .. 13,063 " 23 OinorPanha London .. 17,810 ?i 2« Rangat ra.. Sydney .. 7,012 II 24 Giant'* Cautoway. London .. 6,106 » 26 Wonga Wonga .. Sydney .. 160 II 26 Result London .. 21,142 " i> 20 Madras Point de dallo .. 03,144 Die. 8 lltngatlra.. Sydnoy .. 10,810 ii » ücrulck-hlro Ilong: Kong 0,688 .. 12 iunox Londoa .. 16,010 H IB Oonald M'Kay .. London ., 4,002 .. 13 rt'onga Wonga .. «jdncy ., 7,016 " l8 St« of Poaco .. London .. 18,808 In tho stock and share market, a steady business has been doing during the month. Shares havo changed hands as they havo betn thrown on the matket, buyers for in- vestment being numerous. During the last few days, the state of tho woitber has inter- fered with this, as with every other branch of trade. In their circular of Tuesday last, Mcssis. Baillie and Butters report: "The state of tho woathor during the early pitt ol last week rendered the stock ard share merket almost a blank, al far as business WM concerned ; but the close ibo fed ayoiptomiolgonjrel buoyancy, and gave promise et a largo amount "of butlriess thli week, notwithstanding tlio approaching holidays, which geuorally havo an oppr.titu ti-nieucy. Debenturoa, Dtiik, and lnsura-uo stock'.'bave b;en (Inn, although tlio movement in them has bee i incoLsiderabtn. Ga-i, . lill the excop'.lon el Melbourne, bare Improved, I Mluin? general,y basa healthier tono, now under tiklugs and the rososiltatioa and rcmodilliflfr of old ontB, whore thom is a> y prospect of succo.s at all, Is thoorder of the day. Whero prosp.ets aro had, wind- up and bond of the liability, is Uti preialling idea ; and wo must state our c .nvictloa that those in- terested in mUiog ventures aro oii'y now adopting the proper course ol action, by lorkin; moto nar- rowly into the position of iho various mines In which llieyn^iy invest tbclr otpital, instead of blindly foi IOAIIIÏ tho augfesllous, aud adoption as correct all the acts, of thotr respectivo Ulrcctoi ates, andquictly pij-lt'ir eil c»lls without properly super visln« tho expenditure thereof, lhere tanuot bo a reasonab'e doubt but the result cf a close 6crutluy wiU be of tho utaoat benefit to thomeelves, and alto a great safeguard to the publ.c gonerally. " Debentures.-Victoria Goverúinint Six per Cent« 'havo been done at £107, 107\, M.d £1074, and aie flfiu and soarco. Nt'thln« doll g in other deceptions. " Banks.-CoIonUI oro tolerably well lietel at par, a d bave boen dono repeatedly at mat rate. National aro al-o Arm at quotation i, salo* at £1 17;, and £4 17'. 6d. Ntw South Wald«, no tramactloni. Vtc.oria resdlly saleable at 430} foe coluiilal und £33 for Lon- don i castor; holders aro firm at £33 aid £40 re s¡ ectivoly. " Iusuraneo.-Alliance wo havo dono lu lamo parcels at 8s. A.ustrala-lan havo not chang, d hands frotly ; hilders look forfiSe, nith 52». olïetrcd; bulloo»» dons at bujora* prico. VictorUüfo and Oi-nor«! wo placed a*. 24F. ; and Victoria Fire and Marine a-, £21. " Gas.-Ballara'- aro in demil d, and have ohanzotl hands at £0 17». 0J. Ben Jigo fl m at £3 8i. to £3 10s. Castlemaine without altorati-in. OUIlogwood an« Fitzroy In great requost, probably lu coustqueuco of Increased business. Omsumers havo besn comp Ted to havo Eoivlcoi laid on, the supply In ni ihe Mel- bourno work i being stoppod, and it is probabls that, hiving the servleos, they will coUinuo ti use the compaiiy'ri gas, aud tho increaso of mvetiue will doubtleia bo \ery coniiderabto ; buiora off« £6 0i., selle» a'k £0 10J,, with bualuess at buyers' prico. ilelb.' urne have been dull from tho stmo cause whUh Ins improved thaotlier; the flood having risen above tho luvel of the llitnaccs, it was Impossible to carry oo tho niauuf.tetnro of ga>, und aa it was impossluiu to o tímate »hatdanjago might bo dono to tho works, thtra wero no buyors i f »took, hut holders showed no disposition tu rcalfrj, and we aro iuturned that the damage doi-o is tililhig, and the works are sgala la fa 1 opération. " Mlscollaoctui.-Bendigo mid othjr waterworks and Victoria Kaolin remain stationary, illi ml Col- liery are offore 4 for tho first timo ai a dl'oouiit, an anomtly which it wcu'd bo ditll.-ult to aejount f jr, taking into coniidoratloo their last report ai,d divi- dend, and alto b^lng Informed that tho bnsinoas of tho ompaav hal vastly improved, having tceured largo and prr.fltr.blo contracts in addition to thulr l«t ta f . joat'a busincsj. Ibero must be somo o-.her cogent reason for thU general w»nt of corfidence and depreci- ation e,f stock frcm thirty per cent premium to two .nd a half pcro:nt. dUcount, and buyors ihy even at that rate. We conto:« our Inibility to give a atisfactory reason for it, nlthougn tvo might ad Vhiica several Hobson/» Bay Hallway luve not niffurcd in their rfl.rkoi value, noitvilhstandiug tho jooparJy In which Vho propsrty has stood fur sevoral days ; Indeod, the sevoict po'slblo t.-st bas now been app led, bjth to thu property it'olf and i'8 va'ue in the mirkct, and we may cougmtulhto ho'ders oí tno manner lu wn.cn both havo piseed tnruugh tho ordea', and we learn that boih lines aro again iu full operation, aud tho actual damage dono Is rosily much los than inl,rlit havo been expect od tinder the circutu tU:-0;a. Oí tlio Hock, wa ro,i0rtsalesa.£54." The half-yearly meeting of the Melbourne and Hobäon'u Hay Bail way Company took place on tho 1st inst. The report, which was piven. iu our labt summary, was adopted ; a dividend at tho rato of nluo per cent, pur annum wat declared ; thellon.T.T. A'Ueckelt and the Hon. AV. Degraves wero re-elected directors; and power was given to the board to borrow £19,300 on mortgage. Siuce this meeting, tho property of ibis company lins bad to stand n trial of no ordinary kind. The ¡St. Kilda and Sandridge lines, lying as they do between the Yarra nnd the bay, havo had to bear tho lull force of the flood. The St. Kilda line was cloEod for three days and a half, the directors preferring this course to the hazard of accident to life and limb from any poseible effect of the flooding of the waters against the embankment?. The Sandridge line was íendercd impayable, but on tho 6ub3idence of the ?water«, traillo wa3 resumed, after an in- terval of four days and a half. The works on both lines wero lound to havo Etood the severo ordeal to which thoy were subjected. Men were employed day and night fur some forty eight houis, and the tinins are now running us if no Hood had ocouircd. Tho Bill of Entry for tho pist week gives the imports at the pjrt of Melbourne at the declared value of £2'J9,347, and tho exports at £187,350, the balance being in favour of the former by £41,997. Among tho exports we notice tlio following articles of colonial pro duce :-Flour 7 tons ; gold, 12,273oz. ; hay, 149 tons; hide?, 6,409 No.; livo stock horses, 32 No., sheep 12,376 No.; rags, 64 tons: wool, l,38G,3611b. Specie waa im- ported to the value of £33,000, and ex- ported to that of £3,218. In tho following table the imports and exports are given i weekly for the current year, side by side with thoso for the corresponding weeks of 1862, together with the totals for both pe- riods : Week Imports. 1 Etports. 1 ending 1882. 1363. 1M2. & 180S. e, £ & .'in. 8 143,220 845,640 04,158 106,490 .> io «11,27a 170,408 237,731 523,001 .> 17 187,803 4S8.710 2J2.789 102,068 " 24 205,850 221,416 423,548 669,126 . ,. 01 Fob. 7 475,031 410,102 805,343 117,733 171,705 187,444 126,005 106,065 .. I* 207,602 467,973 221,122 142,226 » 21 200,059 1113,431 SC0.781 233,450 ,, 28 ¿arch 7 249,019 402,723 220,228 493,104, 105,032 201,800 129,234 117,314' n Ü 810,012 162,410 832,022 180,120 .i 21 217,673 08,872 70,209 239,817 " 28 208,041 146,648 809,770 208,807 April 4 830,229 233,845 82,800 814,052 .> 11 213,700 660,079 209,701 88,782 " l8 121,912 lPO.SSl 213,524 103,780 «6 221,402 153,520 203,571 894,005 Hay 2 247,473 250,732 200,050 851,427 .> 9 95,163 87,166 103,227 113,085 » l8 836,170 127,323 278,670 93,423 ,, 23 01,020 420,018 171,000 405,170 " SO 241,736 257,084 250,887 101,2-12 Juna 0 878,830 157,317 131,870 70,603 " 13 122,010 375,811 68,433 293,506 " 20 187,040 107,6Ca 84,670 05,017 » 27 226,810 208,488 210,260 677,740 July 4 120,707 189,020 665,079 277,863 » H 197,801 241,410 210,083 £04,142 " l8 398,788 183,101 03,071 167.012 » 25 185,207 112,704 410,530 383,640 Aug. 1 401,27» 472,432 121,803 277,931 » 8 109,734 818,013 209,607 66,088 » 15 819,265 324,558 45 617 87,205 " 22 207,220 09,040 243,431 226,188 » £3 464,016 S62.SS0 117,714 813,043 Sept. 6 242,876 529,885 ¡.8,021 143,962 .> 12 147,484 £01,852 03,781 107,680 " 10 220,210 231,265 526,080 137,607 " SO 270,432 823,240 .«70,400 487,927 Oct. 8 289,520 208,078 83D.212 88,655 " 10 292,095 234,178 76,416 161,820 » 17 208,411 164,055 70,440 167,018 " 24 803,0 n 73,004 430,812 870,050 .. 81 838,078 819,653 107,010 75,000 Nov. 8 261,001 2ÍS.090 17,830 146,083 " IS 850,428 107,247 401,7ii0 90,648 " 21 803,092 839,259 274,833 803,771 .. 28 118,305 273,560 4C0.2SO 657,f30 Dec 6 100,887 354,141 160,650 131,300 » 12 180,017 18l,2tl0 243,800 363,482 " 10 249,818 2.9,317 83,210 1S7.850 12,032,810 18,610,804 11,666,500 12,156.820 In the first peri od, the account stood thus : Bataneo oí importo o vor export« .. £1,077,816 In the second j period: Exp 150,820 Bataneo of Imports over exporta .. £1,860,068 A series of Bales of Crown lands has been held in Melbourno during tho montb, con- sisting of town, suburban, and country landa in various districts of the colony, which have for tho most part found reaây purchasers at Í¡rices mostly in advance of, and in many nstances at rates considerably above, tho upset prices. Amongst other lots offered were sections of land at Echuca, the crossing place of tho Hiver Murray, on tlio confines of the colony of Victoria, and the ultimate terminus oftho Government Uno of railway. The prices obtained will give somo idea of the importance attached to this locality with a view to future business sites. Tbo total amount realised was £13,783 6ä. Id., of which £8,913 was the proceeds of 47a, Ir. 19p. of town allotments, £1,740 13s. 6d. the return for 034a. Ir. 14p. of suburban lots, and £3,12812<. 8d" the produco of 2,682a. of country lands. Sinco the departure of the last mail for England, tho following sales of station pro- perties have been effected :-The stations known as Hartwood and North Currabun garung, belonging to Messrs. P. and J. Brougham, to Mr. Richard Blackwood, at a figure satisfactory to all parties ; tho Spring Bank station, on the Avoca, comprising 45,000 acres land, with 18,280 sheep, at 27s. Od. per head ; and 010 acres of land, at 20a., to Mr. Halliday ; the Nap Nap station, on the Murrumbidgee without stock, 420 square miles of country, all fenced in, for £20,000, to Messrs. Kayo and Butcbart; Air. Grassie's half share iu tho Woorooma station. Edward River, together with adjoining Windoran back Block 0, to Mr. Alexander M'Bean, for the sum of £17,600 cash, all stock, storeF, &c;, given in; ond tho estate known as Glen yuille, near Carisbrook, consisting of 8,800 acres, to Mr. Charles Stewart, of Moolart, for £7,000 cash. The Iruolvency Circular for the past month gives the number of schedules filed at sixty four in tho Melbourne court, and at five in the ! Geelong court. ' Tho liabilities in all caJcs I excepting four were below ¿1,000. In the' majority of tho estates, they wero below £1Q0., Certificates were obtained by tw«.ntv-6evi*n insolvents,' plans of distribution were filed in six ettttte?, and dividends were paid in two.' Two assignments wiro registered for the benefit of creditors. The following ia a statcmont of the trailio returns of tho Victorian Government line«) of railway, of the Melbourno and Hobson's Bay Railway, and of the Melbourne Companys Uno (late the Melbourno and Suburban line), for the month of Novomber : 3a7errimtmt lines Melbourne and HdDson'sBay.. Ullbourno Co.'s. l'as scngors. £ s.d., £ s.d. 14,55015 222,40811 180,057 0 3 2,093 l8 0 1,818 17 0 4,815 l8 0 8,091 2 01 - I 3,091 2 0 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PRICES CURRENT. Tho Argo) Oflico, Wedntsday Zvonlng. Silica tho departure of tho list mall the condition of tho import markot has generally undergone but littlo violation. Tho domand for supplies for Christmas 8tockafor both town and country has caused au Im- proved inquiry; and numerous (mall ordors for ship- ment, chiefly for I ho Kew Zoaland markots, have, in tho total, been of suflicloat amount to impart some degree of briskness to business. Tho numerous wool' drays returning to the stations with tho year's sup- plies ot ratlous have tended to incrcaso activity. In pr cej of most descriptions of imported goods tliore Is hut little variation to note, tho greatest changes being almost confined to Eastern produce, stocks aie, generally speaklug, ample;for all po -Bible req .lremonta, and, although mostly well held, but i-pare prospect of Improvement ou present prlcoj exists Tne English intelligent).) to tho 20th Ocobor, brought by Illa null steam«r Boin jay, exereissd but litt'o ii fluenco, tiio inore aud amount of i-liipnisiits being considered a> I equalized by the reductions to the nclghiouilug j o lonies. Business for noir!)'the wholo of Ust «eck was su>pended by the extraordinary Storni and ii i (Is vthiehprovailed, tho,<ffe|itiot»lilch have ciisuiinjury to largo quantities of imp u ted goods which iiippm.cd to bo »lored in tha lover qiurluis of tho c1 y. Owl' g to tho long continuance of uusetllod and variable woi tlier, a Bummer cf equal duration ia generally antl ctpa'cd, and with ita Bt'adyaniendmont iiibutiiio»s miy reasonab'y bo rOtkoned on ; ia addition to «lilcli tbero appeals as jet i.o prospect if any rush to Now Zealand, the digging« there, although steadily productive, do n it appear lutrkicntly Umpling to induce noy funhsr deputation uf uiloerr. At prosout the roturas of dicgers CJ. slder ably exceed the departures In nuniboro. Business is ia a lieaWliy condition, croll', is gcnera'ly well tus tallied, and any prospect of remunerativo sptculutltiii h readily availed of. There is no lack of lapltal for prolltatilc inv.-atment. Wi h tboso ge.ncr.il lomans, wo proecoJ to give moro detailed p^rticu »ra of the state of the market (or the leading articles ot general consumption. Ale and Porter.-The Beaton gonoraPy Ins boen un- favourable for tho sale of toin araugut and bottled beers, and an appaient inclination on Iho part ef i.npeirtms lo clear »locks of bulk nlo> has lied an unfavourable effect oiipiicc, mid to iff .ct Balee low lates aro undera ood to bato been accepted. Bulk1 stout li in bul very mod rate reque-t, a-id reoioioit si inly at rather easier tates than vvhsn last quoted. Iho bulk> of the pareils if bottled nie baie for somo t me past arrived in very stcond rate order, and fir those descriptive» sales can only bo effected it v«.ry low rutes; hut for prime pircols of both stout and ale a Mr do-nau-i existí, at about toe respectivo p-Ices ot Di. to as. 6d. and 0i. Od. to OJ. lOd. per ihziii Quotatons are t'- Aie (duty paid).-New Brewery to., CarlUlî, £7 to £710s. ; lUsa's now Wo. 8, ¿fi ; Allsopp'«, £6 10«. ; ither Harton brewers', £5 t" £5 10s. ; Joule's, £7 10s. per hhd. ; Tenncnt'i, £5; Byois's bottlod, 0». Del. to 10«. ; London »nu Colonial Co.'s, 9s. ; All- sopp'«, 9s. Od. to us. Od. ; other bottlers', 8s. Oil. to 9*. Stout.-Bert brands, £0 6s. to £0 l63. ; other tirowen', £61iito£8 per had.; Dublin stout, bottled, 9: to 0s. Od. ¡ Bj ass's, Ps. Oil. to Oa. ; London and Colonial Company's, 9a. ; Barclay's, bottlod by ifrlond, quarts, 9s. 6d. ; other bottlers', 7s. Od. to Ss. (id. per dozen. Bacon and hams aro in soaioftha' lessened domintl, Hie litoexpoit orderBhwingbteu executed, ar.d top piles of local curoJ keoping the marke-, for Imported simonhat inactive ; holders aro, lionover, quito dis uicHucd to forco Bales and tccopt lower tarni current pi lees, the tummor leiten goLora'Iy producing tho nights', rates for thuso arlleles. Q'iotatioi/8 are: - Bicon, Hams, &o;_York,nlre or Wiltshire hann, 12d. to I2jd ; Irish (Sinclair's), lid. to UJd. ; Coty'n, 13i. to 13Jd. ; Rowan's, bellten (bacon), 13d. ; Sin- clair's, 13(i. to lSJd. ; Waring's, 12d- to liJJ. ; and Moilun'«, 12d. to 12Jd. par lb. ; pork (Irish), £5 to £i 5j. per barrol ; boot, £3 15S. to £ t per tierca. Bags and woolpacks hare fcton in ll<ht supply and con-iderahlo demand, for tho former there is ititi an active inquiry, and good three-busht.1 sicks are not obtainable under ISs. per dozen ; and, with the harvest not yet commenced and the 11^fit shipment! rep ried from homo, prices aro likely to rulo high throughout the Btason. Woolpacks are still of ready sale, but dc maud is dally less« n'i.g, and nu increase ou tho present price, of about 0«. w Oi 8d, for full-Height racks, can bo looltoJ, for. Gunnies remain saleable at full rates, quotations ruling from Ile. to 13s. per dozen, Butter has boen m fiir demand, chiefly forshlpnieii! ; but just at protont inquiry has Blackoned, and the local consumption boinir amply tupplleet with iroshat the moderate prices of 12(1. to 13d. per lb., no alliance 011 the valuo of Imported parcels is likely to oc:ur. Sales of newly landed fork havo been eff o.ted at le i i. per lb , wtioh may be cousldored the hlghost valuo. Candle) have somewhat slightly Improved ; the ex- cessive supplies of damaged sorts which have for a consideiable time past quito inundated the market, have become nearly exhausted, and prices have cence quontly bocome 11 mer. Belmont sperms are not pro- curable under lOJd. to lOJd. Neva stéarines aro quoted at lid , »nd fjrcfgu Mil-weights bring from lud. to lOiel. per lb. Canvas hate been in moderate sala, best as.ortod navy bringing from I2d to 12}d. per yard. Cement hu« been rattler mero laleablc ; but prices continue to rulo low, Bonum btUe; a,ill dull ol silo. Poitland ii quitted at 10.'., mid for American plaster 18s. per barrel han been procured by auction ¡ale. Cheese of English make, and arriving in good con- dition, meets a ttoady demand, at from 12d. to 13d. ; Qouda, 6}eL to Ud. per lb. Chicory coutiuocsin fair inquiry, best samples bring- ing about 8} 1. per lb. Codeo remains steady ia prico. Stocks ero by no means heavy, and, being chiefly held by ono lirra, are notllkolyto BUÍIOÍ depression in price». By auction, within the last few days, a good baropin ot Java brought 12<1d. per lb., duty paid. Ceylon (plantation) is worth lud ; and native, lOJil. to lOJd. per lb., duty paid. Cntccttonery.-Small parcel« of wollassortcd oro of tolcnbly ready salo, the season of the year Influencing; an increased demand ; but tuppllcs of local nase, of overy quality and description, keep down tho prices of imported so.-ti. which cmuot be quoted at above 10}I. to lid. per lb. Candled peel has beoti in con- siderable rcquo.t, and sale] readily mado at Ud. to lljd. por lb. Cordage.-Tho smaller SIZÎS of Manilla ropj havo bom in llmitod demand for shipuiont, ano a Uvr orders for Kurjpean havo also como to hand, but to no extent to influence prices. Hoamiug twino con- tinues modoratoly supplied, and of fair aale. Q iot* tions aro :-Europe topo, £35; Manilla (Jin, ti Un.), £40 to £17 ; Kussian, £37 to £40; Calcutta lines, £13 to £12 10s. per ton ; twine, »earning and roping, Ufjd per lb. Drugs, Chemicals, &c-Tho; articles comprised uudor this head have undergone but littlo or no alteration duriDg the past mouth. Opium has continued ii rather botter demand, and prioos of prepared have ajvanced to 83s. pjr caulstor. Soda crystals have been uf mucli readier ea'o, und disposals nre reported at £0 per ton. Caustio coda, etlll dull of sale. Flour of lulphur in very light demand. Carbonato of soda and tartnrio acid ahnttt without ir qniry. Castor-oil, in bulk, has been in rather more request, but cannot bo quoted at above 5>. 8d. per gallon. Quotation! uro : Flour ot sulphur, 17s. Od to 18s. per cwt. ; carbonato of soda, 18d. por ont. ; soda crystals, £9 ; caustic Boda, £18 103. to £10; soda atb, £10; sulphuric arti, ad. por lb. ; opium, Patna, £210 per chest ; pioparcd, 82s. Od. to 88s. 6J. por canister, duty paid. Fiih (dried and salted).-Demand has boen mode- rate for all descriptions, ling of prime quality bein 7 the most ealeabie sort. Quotations aro as follow : Ling, or prime quality, 3Jd. to SJd. ; herring*, white, 0s. por Qrktn, 24s. por lull-ban c1; red, 31s. to 32s. per dozen two-dozen tim ; mack er ol, Oi. Gd. per half kit. Flour and Grain.-Tho doraand for flour ha« con- tinued very «toady, more particularly for the couutry dlst'lctr, whero the late stocks appear quito consumed ; holders bave consequontlj eotablifhed, end firmly maintained, an improved rato of 10s.¡por ton, which, notwithstanding the noar approach of hatvost, ap- pears unlikely to ha reduced. Of wheat the markot is baro, and although the extent is not absolutolj as- certained, thero can ho no doubt of great injury having been inflicted on Hie crops by tho lato htavy rains and tempestuous weather. In South Austral! 1 the new crop is already coming to market, and has opened at from ii. 3d. to ás. O J. por bushel-a price quito likely to smtain tho preBont selling rates of Hour. Oats havo boen in steady roqutBt for both local u«o and shipment, but prices aro unailoroj. Birloy is dull of sale. Bran brisk, and steady in prico. ilnlzi Is rather sioadier ; considerable quanti,le> havo been injured by tho floods, the bulk on lund being B'orcdontho ljw-lylng parts of tho city. Flour, per 2,0001b.-Tasmanian. £12 10s. to £18 per ton ; Vic- torian, country anei town made, £13 10J. to £14 ; Adolalde, best brands, £14. Wheat, per 001b. Colonial, St. Od. to 5a Od. ; Adelaide, 6s. ; Californian, 6s. Od. to 6s. lOd. Oats, por 401b.- Irish and Scotch, 4s. 3d. to 4s. Od. ; colonial, 0s. ; Danish, 4s. 8d. to 4<. ¡M. Barloy.por60Ib.-Capo and Californian, 4s. 3d. ; fcodlnfr, 81\. lOd. to 4s. ; malting. 4s. Od. to 61. Malro, per 601b., 4s, Od. to 4s. Od. Gram, per ton, £12. Bran, per 201b., Is. 7d. Oatmeal, per ton-Sootcb, £23 to £24 ; colonial, £80. Fruits (dried).-Currants have boon freely brought forward, and christmas purchases being complo'ed, demand has slackened and pilcos receded. The lovore rains and high winds have quite destroyed the toasoc ab!e fresh fruits ; and dried, suited for dessert use, aro consequently in better than usual inquiry at this season, and prices atotdler. Padding raisins have of course been of good aale, and of sufficient extent to support pricoB. Quotations aro : -Apples, Old, to 7d. ; currants, 4leL to i id. ; liuscatol raisins (layers), gd. to 8Jd. ; Cape raisins, 7d. to 7$d. ; Eiome, 7fd. to 74d ; Bullan», 7Jel. to 7}J. ; Turkey figs, Od. pt-r lb., duty paid ; almonds, lid. to 15d. por lb. Hops bave remained Inactive Somewhat con Eldorablo parcels havo ot lato boen tubmittrd to auction, bat without success, the offers not coming up to holders' views. Kent and Sussex pockets, 1862 orowth, range lo valuo from Is. 2d. to Is. 0J. per lb , duty paid ; older sorts varjlnrr.jaccording to ago nnd condition, from about 3d. por lb. upwards. . liait has been in gool doraand, and since tho arrival of the mail good samploi have commanded a readier salo at better priées-Ss. Cd. to 10s. having bion ob- tained per bushel, duty paid, for prime samples of English, just landed, and holder» of this description are disinclined to sell under the latter figure. Metáis.-Corrugated Iron has been in improved la quio, and from tho destiudlon of Iho numbor of building hy tho late flood« dem.n.l In l.kely to Increase. ' booet ead > also hu bsen nari In. quired for. Quotation» - ml» al ucdor:_iw »oodi patent corrdguod galvanlzod tinned 21 Mid 20 gauges, £34 IO«, to £35 pot ton: Úb-i and 28 gauges, £8«"'ao"i\'Tu]i«,«"ö7ötiitrIKn'ilM? maker'«, £84 to £30 do. ; ftjoich d.i, £-,8 t» £i0 uo - reel and bar, bust 8tefi\irdBhir.i brandi, HUH. &a; in»' to £11 do.,' Scotch, £9 de,. ; plate, ¿1,1'-,hj°f ? omrlnrl J>U tn Din ,K . "-..!%*_/«_... ' '"OBI. IO, pUtp.cnircojl IX, m to to per oiit. ndva-c¿ WJre-FencUy. black, £14 per tm; gtlMiilüed NoT" 1 to 0, £18 to £20 dv. 21..o-Ho'lei.ffl a "-r ton ; do., mils, £2 8a. to £2 103 por ctvt P Oilf, Faluls, &c.-Iu; thora annie» t-ida has boen dull;» ¿.wahh niants of painti bato oern wade but without ltnproiltg pr>ees. Kcroi3uo ill li en'ii ,î sul-, MidbcBtbundsca-ino-. bo quoted at iver «s 3d! per gillon. Oonsldtrnlilo quanlili'i ,,"" f¡ "t"J ," BJ tho ilicd, bat sa all or nurina, »ill corto into cona mptlon, pries w11 not bs brueMfd bv tho o-wrora' !CB'C3 Lim- ed, both boiled mid mw k" alto boon iu leai rtquct. Colzt is not ?ireorlaa' »nd Chi nena hat In« boan all pu clu-ed out of rir.thiiwi. W tlrnilj held Tor 6a. OJ. Quotation» -t,i na under"-! KoreBuuo, of rV-at brand», a< M3i 3J. ; Unseed "fi« 3d ti En ed. ! Chino o,'6=. Od. ; colzt, nine offiiio» . turpcntlno, 10'. 0J. to ils. psr gillon; whitelead' beac, 85a. to SQt. ; rollond 24e lo2f«. per cat ' Oilmen*« fitorcs.-Tho ixteut of bullios» dono in theso articles haa boen of very tin itol i/Uiount and prices havo acareo y ttndj grno o iy (hange. The di btruclionif trovli fruit« hm glvoa nb-Uer ten-l-ney for bottled fruits and jam«, «Inch aro the chief erticlc3 of domn'id on tlio Hat Quutsti-iii« ara as fUlow t-itlur-, thumb, Od. por lb. ; curry powder quart«, 13». to 14-e, por d zeil ; fruit-, botllrd, quarte 13a. Od. tJ 14'. do, ; jtu»antl j«UI-a, lili this, lea to 10J. OJ. do. ; lobsters, lib. Uni, Amoilcin, 7a. do. . macaroni, 8J. nor lb. ; vennltwlll, wkiti-, Naples and GOI.OJ, BJ'i. do. ; mustard, in bulk, Ko. 2,8d, do . el i, in l.h. luirles, 12s. per dozui ; do, l-i jlo. bottle»! 7<. Od. do. ; ojater-i, presoriffil, lib. tina, 12». per drzen; di, 21b. thin, l8«, do. ; piuklos, pinta, 8î, do.; saUd oil, pints, 121. per ii min; do., half pluts, 6a. Od. to7«. ii». ; «alraon, pra-cived, lib. tins, 17s. do. ; wrdinos, halve*, Os, toOi. 8J. d>. ; quirter» C. to 5s. td. du. ; Bau ecu, ni-orted, lielf-plnt», Ot. do. j do , Wo ein« ruhlrc (Lea unj I\rriu'r),13i do. ; starch (Caiman'»), Sd. por la. ; vlnrgar, brown (Champion's 24), 2a. to 2d. Si. pet gallon ; do, co, contrated, qu»rl«, 91. Od. to lOs. per dozen ; whl.o wine, la. Cd. to la. Od, per gallon. Fitch and TIM-.-ftncleho'm tir Improved, and quoted at 33*. par bvi i «I. Quicksilver baa beon In improv od inquiry during tin last few days, and sales a-d rfpjrced at 2i por lb. Stocks aro, however, in the hindi of i nu firm, and ara .well lio'd. Klee.-Tho acivlcoj from Caluitts, Iatinutlng light shirmientalo thli unrkcr, hive tudeoid ipcculatlon, and the whole of the l'.itnn, in llrrt hjii'ls baa be*u purchased for sp'Ciilaiion, at »hv. prlia his not transpired. Tie Boiling prlciii, liowbver, £25 pur ton, dutypaiJ, a rats which purchaiera hontnteto pxy. Salt.-Tim lo'sos la thii artlclo by iho lato (lord »ro stated to exeiood 2,OuO tons, ind the late apicnlatlve buiors aro consequently stming to ub'aln higher rates. Over £3 10a. f r eou>i>, aid £4 loi. per ton for flno la not, ho»ovor, olmliiulih kt prea»nt SUtos are nilli iu very li i Hcd da ..»nil, nu i prices without chango, ?lucli'.f.j a-o q mied at ¿IS; c Aintes«. £12 io £18 ; and lvJieo, £5 6s. to £0 10ï. per 1,0'0. Sp rita -Tho raarkoi haa b'en dull, and show) ro Bymp'.onu of Improvement. Sto.-ki »ro lirce, aid prices eontliitto to V' sort a do*nw»rd tendency, morj ospesia'ty bra eli i., the loner qmiitie« of which crialmjStunquotahlo. liaa-.b an'-lk ato sil.- able it quo, tMionr, but m aniall parcel-, only. 'Ihn ego ef the Iqu quo, from Charente» (comisüogchli fly ef hrandy) lately dm eil on ah >r o l.cur Capo 3.bank, la.ikc'ytQba laved, and »ill lurch'radi tiour aiculy largo atock. ituni hal brtii In s"Ino denm.d fur .lev 7. aUnd or..era, but without piiits bcini,' Inllueuicd for tho better. Vi hlakey lu* bonn very dull ol' n-lo. Old tom having been bought up, is flniily held of our-e, IDs. por dozon being tho required pr.ie. The 1 r^e c n huinptlou cf geneva c.iubli s hulilo a to sustain prices, tl-tpl's heavy ktotk md Urgo coming i-uppl cs best brai d^ ol \vul'->lzfd bottles boitg still worth O', ed to 103\. percas». Quotations an -In bo ,d - Brauil) - Mar toU's, dark, 0a to Oi. 01. ; pilo, lOi. por ga lou ; Hen ro'tVn d,i, Oi. Sd. ; pule", I'-', otr tfilicn ; ötaro'a, 9i do. ; United Vineyar 1 Prupiiv-nra* LVrap«ni'a do , 8). Od. ; Oluuipjjnu Vii ojanl lVopriotor»' Coinj-any'a do., 8-. Od. ; pvlf, fl-i. ; Vlio,-ro,r'ra', 8a Od. do ; Leger Frere*', 8s. d->. ; other braniln, do , fu. ti 8s. d>. ; pile, UaniitssyV, 27i. 0L p-rdizin ca«e ; do., Uullod Vlaejard Pronriotnrs', '.'4<. Oil to 25i. do.; Vlneirrowora', 21i to 25s. do. ; Clumpiiiie Yincvard Proprietors' Company'», 25.*. do. ; hi gor Froren', 24«. do. ; Olouzeau'«, 23*. do. Ouiiovi-.IDKZ, or key brand, Oa. 0J. to 10a. per caso; do., do , Oi. Gd. to 7a. per half-cue; do, other biar.d-, 8<. 91. to O', perciac Girt-London old toni, btf-t brvn I«, Sr. io Sa. rd. per gallon ; do., do , 10a per t'oziu, ltun. - EIL-,1 tnilli, 20 to 80 op, la. Od. to It. 3d. porgilluii; Wo>t India, IO to 12 o ?., 2s. 7d. to 2s. Od. di. ; do, to to £0 o p., 3s. Od. do. WliLskO)-Irish, Jlebau'a, 3a. Od. do. ; ccoteh, best, 8s Od do. ; d ),, best brands, lis. Od. per dozen ta io. Sttgvr lus continued ntsadi'y to in p-ove. Holders have isuuied a d-tjrro of ilrnmem rot previously assorted, a-id bolow tho currentAilvnnced prices pur chiaes caunnt ha etltctid. C>iotaiicns are ¡-Mau- ritius cryatas, whitf, £J8 tu £40; jx-l'ow, £i4 to £S5 10i. ; ciuntor s.-rtj, £31 11 ¡iii ; ratio a kind!, £20 to £29 per ton, e. U'.y pv.d. Timber.-Lumber of fill de'íO'i liions is io fair talo, at steady r/ttts For do l>, lnwcva-, tboro ia co inquiry, and sales aro dillie,lit to ? ffejt at above 4(1. to 4J.d. per foot. Heavy lusses are anticipated m thli trido fiovn tlio late flroel, but until it completely subsides, tbe actual result cvunot be ascertained. Tho la8t aa'cs by auction give -.be fallowing- roturas: Cloir pine, 2in. to Sin., £12 15). to £13 10a. ; lin. shelving, £10 la. to £10 2s Od. ; jin. spruco, T. ard G., Os. Tobacco.-Tho market has become less nctlvo of latr, but prices aro a eadlly smuluod, nod for good tamplos tlwru Is no prospect, ef lo-ter rat's ruling. Arornivtlc serta aro iioiri; r.ll In otc bil) cr'a banda, tupplles of Northern zrowlh r-intlnua to arrive, but do not Influença pnoe« of f-'outhern Tea.-Sleii«. J. Everard anlCu furni.htho tub jolued repoit:-.' Dnrii.gtlie nionih a largo amount of biuincsi has been tr»n»»cttd in late arrivals ufte» at gradually receding ratcf, for the comm n to gocd con-nion deacilptions of congou, und at bt.ttonary prices for medium flavour and bhek leaf sort». Borne bia k loaf kil'ds oi la*t btaion werj told tomevihat cheaper than our quotatiens, but tho silo bad »oin lluonce on genorui matket quotation n. Durinx the month wo hw« been favoured with a largo importation of hyeonekln, but as thero is no demand, either fur consump'ion or exportation, our previous nominal rates hvva to bo reduced. Tho following auction« havo t«ken placo : - Nov. 26.-Atout 1,600 package, damaged, pir Zepbyros, to d for not cub at la, !d. to 2s. Id, for congou ; oringo pekoo, 1-, 4¡d. to 1". 7d. ; and Canton gunpowder, Is. Id. to li-, lid.-thelowklndbof corgotl sod at very full rates, tho bett'r sort» only mode- rately. At tho simo timo, 2,000 lnlf- ehcstsXcongou, Miranda, wro tiicd, and 2Ö4 lioxis Canton young hyson, per Katu Svvauton. (jftho furnier, n> ne acre sold ; tho latter wero deposed of it 0}d. Ke.v. 27. Tho cargo of t o Chai lotto was tried, hut noi eield; privately, hovicier, wa understand thvt 3 603 half chests aero sold all round at abetr. Is. 9}d., and 3,K0 boxes about Is. 31 J. Dec. 4.-1 lio erg i e,f th« Meander wai tried, and several pa'celsiold. Vciyerdinarjkw broken eon/ou Bold in ches-.s, 1'. ; half elicits, Is (c1. ; boxo«, Is. 3jd. B xes of good oidlnaty B"l'i ut 1>. U. Privatoly, per eimeelilp, there werr aUo s'ild ve:y ordi- nary congou, in chests, at 1". ; half clici s, Is Jd. ; and b'xoa at 1B. SJd. ; ' blirk leaf-,tr. ng and brhk burnt,'at Is. 10d. ; and afowfUioIuitnw, in boïo, í.t 2*. Od.; and lino scented ctpor ard mange pekoe, at 2«. 2d. to 2s. 3d. December 0.-ïho c¿ign rf tho La) ard, from Wbampoa, chiefly hjeonskln. 6d »as tho highest prico offered for akin. 100) boxes of long black leaf scoutol orango i ckoo by this «hip wasso'd at la. 8d. December J 0.-1 ho rciidue of the ca-go per Charlotte, coieinting uf 600 olicsis of hotter than'or dhmry'but rather broken leaf, w ero irlrd, but sold ptl va'oly at or near 1*. aftorwsrda. Doeem ber 22.-Mia cargo oftho Juno and rosiiiuc of tho Mirnnoa »era sold publicly, but after« aids a c'npol verv ordinary, anda chop of good ordiearj-, «orofold at curquo tatioup, bolng »lightly easier than piovioua intca;a low if tho Miranda*« wero alao mid withoiit mtch chango in value. Black Tías.-»Ve hnva toreforto our quotations ; thci o haa not hoon any alteration excopt In very ordinary to good commen-tho largo bu'lr. cf the importation! hiving lately bsrn of Ms class, and as the outaklo markets aie now pretty full, we do not seo much chanco of Improvement for lo« kinds at prctont. Scant>d orfti go ji-koes ore, if any- thing, someahat bt ttcr for good qualities. During the inidulo of the montl, the market was lowored by a sale of 1.0UO boxes o' Canton loif, but his «cain recovered. Qroen Teas.-Tho low Canton kima aro naniiuuiy lower, without purthascr^. Compircd with the pre- vious month, wo find a decline of Id. to 2d per lb. on vory common to good common congiu. Othor de- scriptions without matorial chango. Quotation! ara as follow:-Congou-Very ordinary low brckjii, lid. ti Is ; ordinary to go'd oriltnarj coar«o, 12d. to lSJd. ; but middling, rather covno »nil strong, 14d- ; black leaf, strong, with flavour, Is Od. to 1<. lid. ; pekoo and pekoo eou. flavour, Is. Hld. to 2a. 21. ; uuporior kinds. 2s. 8d. to 23. Od. ; hyson kin nominal, at OJ. to 1«. Od. ; guupowdcr. Canton, Is to 1». 10J. ! country ltlnde, 2i. to 3«. per lb." , Wines aro largely over-supplied, and vory dull ot s»la. Coljuial wines »ro dallv bcconing of greater c3nvun;ptlon,-and must era Jong greatly iLtorfere with the Ea'o of imported description». MELBOURNE MARKETS. WEDNESDAY, DEO. 23. TIIBMILLS.-Firit-quatltyailk-dKiied flour, £1310s. to£14per2,0001b. ; best brand« Adelaide, £11 do. Bran, la. 7d. per bnshol ; pollard, Is. 7<l. to 1«. Sd. per bushel. Wboit purchsBod at from 6s. 6d. lo 0s. por Iwishel ; stocks light, «iih an upward tendency. BETAU, MAIIKKTS.- Butchers' U(»t, - Beef, 4d. toOd. por lb. ; mutton, 81tL to 6jd. do. (acoordlng to quality) veal, 7d- to Bd. do. ; pork, 8Jd. to 90. do. Poal'.ry. Turkoys, 12s. to l8«, each; geese, 12*. to 14s. p« pair; ducks, 7«. to 8s. do.; fowl«, 6s. to 7«. do.; rabbit«, it. to Os. por brae«; butter, íraih, lid. to JJ. Id. per lb. ; chceso, lOd. to Is. do. ; egga. 2s, 8d. to 2«. Od. perdoxen; broad,7d. toad, the 41b. lotíi oollk, Od. (o7d. rer quart. . HAT MARKET_Th« supp'y lia« been moro mode- rato, but nearly all thone» hay brought in has bren moro or less damaged by rain, anti ni ought lowfigurf«. Good sound old hay li bcarca, and tto faw loads «eel in bavo fouud quick talcB a*, full prie«. Oningtptho coming holidays, demand waa bilskerto day, and m» inarkot cleared. Old hay (gooJ) brought up to £7 W.. new, from £8 to £6 ; straw, £3 15s. to £4 per toa EASTERN MAMtET.-Tho supply ol vcgeUblca wai but limited, but t>-o quality month good, with t" oxceptlon of pea« and Frecen, beanr, which wero mostly discoloured by the late rains. Vory little fruit was offering, any iu good condition bilngirg full price»; Poultry waa tolerably plentiful, »nd for tha wa'on moderato in price. The price« realized wero about a» follow î-Aïparapu, la. to 2a, OU per 100 ; be»m, broad, Xd to I}! per lb. ; do., kldnoy, 4d. to 64 por lb. ; bouquets, Si. to 12s. por dozen ; cabbages, Od. to 8i. Od. P«r dozen; carron, 1«. to It. 3d. per dozen bunchos ; wvtorcrese, Od. to K per dome ix ; cucum biri, long spine, 2s. Cd. to Sr. per brace ; garie, 41 p r lb. ; horsonulish, Si. to 6s. per doran «ticks ; lottuje, Di. tJ Is. per dJzsn ; marjoram, OJ. per down huachos; mint, O I. por dozen bunches; onions, dill ii, £0s. to 23s. per cwt. ; do., greun, 61. to 1B. per djzen bun.hes; parsley, 9J. to 1*. per dozen bunchei ; ' parsnips, Is. to Is. OJ. pe. rjizen bundies ; peas, lJiL to 2Jd. per lb. ; pota too?, Oe. li> 7*. pur cwt. ; do., you-g, Os. 6d. to 8.. Od. p;r c*t.,' radish, id. io öd. per dozen bunches; rhubarb, Is. 6U to 8s. per dozon bunches ; sago, jj. per dozen hunches; thyme, 01. to Od. ptr dozen buuelie«; turnips, 3s. to Is. Od. per dozen bunches. Fruit».- AlmondB, 41. to Od. per lb.; apples, groin, 2-). to 8d. per lb.; cherries, 2d. to lud per lb. ; gooioberrie«, 6J. to 8d. per qu»rt ; lrqu»ts, 81. to 10J. p 8d. per lb ; raspberries. Is. to Is. 3d. p.r lb' ; straw- berries 2<. to 2s. OJ. par lb. Dalry Produco. Butter, Uti. to Is por lb. ; ohceso, Od. to Sd. por lb. ; dnckj, 61. to 7s. per pair ; oggs, Is. 9J. to 2s. per dozaa ; geere, OJ. to 12i per pair; hone, 4s. to Os. psr pair ; honey, H. per ib. ; pigeons, 2s. Od. per pair ; pork. rd. to 10'. per Ib. ; rabbits, 3s. to 6». per pair; lueklnsf pig«, 12s to 14». each; turkeys, 20s. u 30s. per pair ; hains, la 4d. por lb. ; lacon, Is. id. to Is 41 per lb. Wool, TALLOW, &a-Woisre.; R, Goldsbrough and Co. report, that at their salo hold this day, .* 4,617 bacs of wool were catalt.gucd, of which quantity about 1,003 bales were sold at auction, and over £00 bales by p'lvato contract aftorwaras, making the total qutu ity disposed of nearly 2,000 b dt-B. The biddings w re spirited, «ed prices obtained fully equal to law rates, sroisy realizing 8J1 to Is. OJd, and fleoco is 41 tola 9 J. per pound. Atiuexed we give detailed mrtlcutirs o( the sale :-Greasy.-O A, 1 balo mixed, 9ld ; J W, 1 bale mixed, Old. ; R. and S over Yabba Yabba, 8 bil«, Did. ; W H, 8 bale», 1CJ-1. ; Capo Eclnnk. 0 biles, 0J. ; H and A over Capo Schank, 17 blies, SU.; '.iOVer'T 0,14 ha'os, lOd. ; P in circle oror G, 10 bales, 10g I. ; W over T W In diamond, 30 b» e», lid. ; do, 0 balas x-hred, Is. OJd. ; do. 8 bales pieces, 4g I. ! do., 2 bales lock«, 31. ; P In clrolo, 3 bil», Ojo. ; Heart ovor-, 1 bale, EJd. ; do., 1 bale lock«, 21 ; aB over li, 27 balos, 113d. Flo ce- ll and S, 4 tales pieces, 10{el. ; writing D F M, 89 biles, Is. 7d. ; S In circle, 60 bal-s, 1«. 4Ad. ; J II over to, 83 bales. Is. 7d. ; do , 7 balos laiihs, is. 6H ! S S S, 176 hales, Is. 7d. ; C in tri ing'c, 5L bal««, Is Cd. ; do., 5 bales pi-ces, is. OJd. ; d\\. 1 hilo ludís,Sd ; Oin diitnond, 20bales, Is. 4d. ;0 Y, 63 bile, 1«. 7d. ; Crawford, 02 bales, Is. od ; PUP over da.gor uidiiroond, 102 bald, Is. Od. ; do, 20 bales piece*. If. 2d. ; W In cirola, SOO hale», Is. 6JJ. ¡ORB over«, 70 biles, Is. 7Jd. ; )-( over COBRAVT, 120 biles, Is. 7J1 ; T T ov Is. 4Jd. ;i'o, 4 bilts locks. Hil; XT over EMU PLAINS, 11 bilei lambs, Is. 4} 1 ; do., 1 b.la p if coi, lid. ; W, 4 bi'ts, lOd. Oroaey.-J. 0" 27 bale«, f jd " Jtcssrs. Ouninglianis and Mao.'celie supply tho follow log report :- '. Wo havo had two public sales i f wool »'ne d'porturo of list ua'l-on 4lh Mid IStb lnst. At thof.nnercf ties» tno prices revised for ii -eco wool «ero the highest obtained this season. Tho nt'ondanco at Hie ¡u'c« centrally lias been gooJ, 'and the bidding sptrlttd ; but fn many imtancoi tho roforves put by the ho'dors upon their c'.ipi havo been ab ive tho ideas ottlisbutcrí, and at evorysilo a largor proportion has lisen b jugbt In on owner s account than there was lutjear. At our ralo of 4th lnst, priefs ranged as follow ¡-Orinsy, from 0}d. to lOJd. ; fleece, 18d. to 2 fromOd. to lljd ¡fleece, lOd. io 21d. ; scoured, 18d. ti24jd." Messis. J. H. Clougli and Co. report: "Tin lOiditiin of tho tfelliouruo wool markutdudng ths p«t month cannot cosily bo made Intelligible to ¿hue at a d's ano». Although from a material point of view our report will vary but little in its chanctor from that whicb. we forwaidod lait month per Madras, epsclal cireiiiiutancoä have intervened to letard tile develop uent of tho s:ason to au extent which hu not bii-n exp'ritntitd in furra«r years in this colory certainly not slneo a wool markot, properly r-o called, hal been tfit-ib ¡shed in Äl-lbourno. Floods of unpro cidsntod vioieoco have duren; tho last week checked, and In mort lialaucos completely suspended, opera tio-.s, nut only lu tills mirkot, but ia every other branch offcomuiorco ¡ and the rr-anpiarancoof favour- able wiatbor his produced a »tiospondlng influx of wool, wh'cli had not been able to approvch Mel- bourne cither by land or by water. Tho sties which havo bonn hold hive boon, therefore, lrrogular, although u Iformly well attended ; and it Is pro bule thit tbois whioh will bo hold during the pre- sent Wiek, ar.d which ca» not be reported by this opportun!-«, wi.l afford » falrir inuex of the relativo pisliioni of tho buyer and tho producer than any weich have preceded thom. Tho »tores under these clreunistaiic.B are full to oveifliwing, mid the buyers are, to all appearance, proportionately eager. In tbi f.ci of this, however, it is difficult to ctnjclttro wholhor prices will not rulo at the coming sales slightly to their advantage. A general impreision nppoars to prevail hore that iho rise reponed as having taken place In ths London ma'kíí, whlih reiched Melbourro through tho medium or tbo trlegraph, was scircoly so fully con- firmed as it required to bn by the advices of privato cirrespooduat» and tho tride report;. Conse- quently tho effect, a3 wo havo just Indicated, was icircely, if at all, appreciable. However, thors wai n-iver, porhapä, a season in which it was moro d tngorous to hazard a conjecture, and ia the iniantirne, wo repoit, tint the sales of the prê- tent week will no dmbt, pondiog further intelligence Iron Europe, Bo'tlo tho question. Whilst the auction silos have bim unusua'ly inf equont during the post month, the priv.te salei have been in an almost cor reiponaing decree numerous and favourable. We may quote as cu'rent roto», taking the lat'.er as our crite- rion, from 8d to 13d. for gr*a«y ; from lOd. to 24d. for siourcd ; and for fleece, from lOd. to 23d. per lb. The Customs clearances for tbo month havo been as follows, for iho w:i'k ending November 21, 1813 1005,0031b, value £119,042 ; Novembor 28-S41,015lb., value £65,788 ; D-oembor O -107,2581b., value £6,011 ; Däcomber 12-2,3l2,2511b., valuo £171,600; De- cember lt>~ 1,380,331»!., vnluo £06,170. Total, 6,232,7801b., valuo £480.050. The following fhlps have tleirod with wool since our lut report, viz. :-' Nov. 25,1803-Rcsult, 2,043 bilrB; Dor-. 1, Lightning (O'ekng), 4,641 ; Deo. 4. Martin Birnie (Geelong), '.',075 ; Doe. 13, Euisix, 1,797; Dec. 12, Donald M'Kaj, 6,41-2 ¡ DJC 10, do., 104; Dec l8, Slar of'Peace, 3,870. Total, 21 411 bales. At tin roquest of some of our friends who wero unable to attond tho sale of Im- parted sheep held by us in Novorabor, we intend to i'ír.T on tho 28tb of tho prosoat month, tbo remaining lots of our pureibred larcB and ewes. In the tallow market thero bas been scarcely any business transacted, inquiry on a very limited ecile having been mado only for shipping purposes. Tho market remains ni dull as when wo last reportod it, and wo cannot advlso advances on our previously quoted rates. Sinco our last report, the following Bnips havo cloareil with tallo«? :-Nov. 25-Result, 183 casks ; Dec. 12-Su>sex, 64 casks ; Dec. 12-Donald ll'Kay, Mi ca'ki ; Doe. l8-Stsr of Pcacu, 2 ca»ks. Total, 893. The shipments of tho month in Hides bavo been 23,877, nanioiy, 10,287 hides, and 4,500 calfskins. We have no »Iterations to quote in this market." LABOUR -The setting in of settled summer weather has had considerable influence in this market, and a very much improved inquiry for all classes has ensued. Of tho 175 single women landed from the Gresham at the close of last week all, save about twenty, have ob- tained situations, and at the Melbourne Home and labour ofilies generally, the complaint is of inability to supply the requisitions for thoroughly competent female servants. Numbers ot young women unaccus- tomed to servlce, and totally ignorant of household work, are disengaged, but for this class of servants there is scarcely any inquiry, and it is a mistake to forward such to the colony. Male domestics have been, as is usually the case at this period of the year, in belter demand, although in many instances en gagement are temporary only, and will terminate with the Christmas holidays. Married couples and faming men have also been more readily engaged than of late, and of the number of the former per Gresham about fourteen couples only remain disen gaged at the depot. Rates of wages are unchanged, and unlikely to undergo any material alteration. Sea- man aro in fair request, and the supply is about equal to without being in excess of the demand. In rates of wage no change has taken place, £4 per month for all voyages being still the current rate. EXPORTS From the Port of Melbourno from tho 16th November to the 13th December, 1868, compared with the corresponding period of 1802. Agricultural im ploments Alkali-Soda, tons Antlmonyore, do. Appvrol and slops Arms and tunmu nitlon .. Asphaito, tons . Arrowroot, lb. . Bags and sacks . Bark, toni Boor Bottled, gals. . Draught, do. . Biscuit, tons Blacksand, tons.. Blankets and wool lens Boats Bones, tons Books Boots and shoes. Bran, bushels . Bricks ,. Breishwaro BuileUngmatorials Butter, tons Candies, do. ..I Canvas .. Carpeting . J Carnairos, carta, &c; .. Ca3ks, ompty .. Coinont, tons .. Cheese, do. Cbieory .. Chlnaware Coals, tons Cocoa and choco- late, lb... Coffee Coir fibre.. Confectionery Copper, tons Copper oro, do . Copporwaro Cordago, tons .. Corks Cottons Cutlery .. .. Drapery .. .. Drugs Druärlsur' ware.. Barthonware Est«s Fancy goods p«lt .. Fish Salted, tons .. Proscrved Flour, tons Fruit Dried .. 3,06? 85 193 1,055 7,2221 118 142 26 45! 2,177 513 830 0,180 211 250' 1,205 422 1,848 4,082 8:9 616 1,812 60 480 8,238 9,031 2,696, 1,0501 11 1,400, 18,000' 810, 1,894, 3,924' 7,487, 140 130 1,861 87 37, 1,018 62 78 O0 dil 1,876 243 4Ô0| - 8,470 4,016 31,352 I 1 12 1,640 1,100 632 596 610 113 673 2,003 47 181 20,807 29,250 1,831 8,016 160 128 1,420 660 421 2,863 2,871 - 10 ,_ 231 400 1,000 4,616 8,142 . 1,605 8,046 Groen, bushola Furniture G1 K8 Dottlca .. Píate .. Glassware.. Glue, owt. Gold, ounces Grain Barley, bushels Beans and peas, do. Gram, tons Malle, bushels.. Wheat, do. Malt .. Oats, busho's .. Rice .. Grindery .. Guano, tons Haberdashery .. Hair Hardware and ironmongery .. Hats and caps .. Hay, tons.. Hielos, No. Holloware Hops Horns and hoofs.. Hosiery .. leo, tons .. Indlarubber goods Instruments Musical.. Scientific Iron, tons.. Jo« ellery.. Kaolin, tons Load, do. Lather, do. Loathorwaro Lime, bushola . Linen Livo stock Horses, No. Sheep, do. Kanca'ooi,do Poultry.. Machinery Match cs and vestas Mats and rugs .. Si oil Corn, tons Oat, do. Metal, yellow, do. Mllhnory . . UUcellancoas Molassei .. Nails and screws, tons Nuts Oira Oils, gil«... Oilmen's stores Onloni, tons Opium Paints Paintings and en graving!) Paperhanguiga ., Peifumery Photographic goods Pitch and tar Pipes, tobacco .. Plants and sceels.. Plate and platod 1862. £ 100 2,681 61 1,010 801,835 6,054 10 744 7 11,001 606 1.6Î6 14,010 180 01 1,000 2,031 76f 6,280 2,094 16i 2,041 020 14 075,011 80 10 12,460 1,869 2,464 9,616 . 781 1,009 00 25 285 5,700 623 4,182 206 118 8,873 1,87s 8,060 133 116 1,411 4,728 £3 1,008 242 231 235 Quantities. 1862\. 1863. 210 220 80,440 144 190 19,260 l8 mo 14,610 33,153 waro 400 702 - - Plumbers' wiro .. - 128 - - Preserves Bil E87 - - Potatoes, ton« .. - 701 - 185 Printing materials 25S 680 - " Provision« Preserved 370 soo Salted, tons .. 1,630 9,001 22 177 Qii'clsllvor 9 - - - Kag-, tons 920 102 Railway mr.torial? SOO 120 - - Resin 30 0 Saddlery .. 2,360 2,208 - - Sago, lb. 09 4,800 Silt, tons.. 05 237 l8 40 Shlpcliandlery .. 00 S28 - - Silks 10 Skins 1,400 1,314 Shtes, No. 147 440 11,130 80,000 Soap,tons ISO 1,114 0 33 Specie 70,460 76,050 - . Spelter, ton« - 270 - 10 Spices .. Spirit« Brandy.. "~ 6Í8 " "" 11,059 12,913 - - Cordials 250 172 Gin 2,100 1,030 - - Of wlno 0 - - . Porfumod 20 Rum 414 3,271 - - Whiskey 1,012 718 - ~* UndoBcribod .. 690 028 Starch and blue.. £0 02 - - Stationery 1,000 . 3,842 - -. Stool, ton« .. 05 2 Stone A'are 270 101 - ^? Sugar 10,360 10,790 - - Tallow, tons 2,934 2,237 02 CO Tipioca, lb. 41 843 Tea 10,780 18,881 - ~ Tents and tar- paulins.. 990 132 Timbjr .. 043 8,421 - - 827 71 * -. Tin waro 110 835 Tobacco 18,030 20,703 . Cigar« .. 3,631 2,046 . Tobacconists ware 30B - Toola and utensils 1,05; 2,072 - ?. Toy« and turnery 6 8t - .* Turpentine anc .varnish, gals. . s 1Z{ 7 J 837 Twice and thread i 10 - - Vinorar, gals. . 10 1 1 1 1,20 ) 64 Wat/'hos & clooki i 27 2 45 1 - Wlno 8,58 J 7,30 S - - Woodenwaro 22 3 87 5 - Wool, lb... 402,2» 9 853,00 1 519755 7 4300425 Zinc, tons.. 101 3 £0 3 7 13 SHIPPING OF THE MONTH. PORT OF MELBOURNE. ARRIVALS AND CLEARANCES sisen OUR LAST SUMMARY. (B., British ; A., American ; Au., Austrian ; Da., Danish ; D., Dutch ; F., French ; Ch., Chilian ; P., Portuguese; H., Hamburg; N., Norwegian ; S., Swedish ; Sp., Spanish ; Sd., Sardinian ; Bolg., Bolgian ; Br., Bremen ; Pr., Prussian; R., Russian ; s., ship ; b., barquo ; br., brig ; se, Bchoonor ; st., steamer.] Nov. ARRIVE». 20\. Great Victoria, st., J. Prico, liverpool-Bright Brothors and Co. 26\. Black Hawk, A. s, 1,103, S. Doiro, San Fran- cisco.-Dickson, Williams, and Co. 20\. Fcirnougbt, B. s, 1,302, J. II, Jonoi, London. Lorimer, Marwood, and Oo. S7. Hendrick Ido Ambach, D. b., 750, L. Byl, Ilottor d»ra.-Joske Brothors. 27\. B'ackbird, B. 8t., 003, G. Black, Kewcistlo-on Tyne.-Qrico, Sumner, and Co. 27\. Moravian, B. s., 1,100, W. Edward, London. Dalgety and Oe>. 27\. Bengal, B. s., 785, H. P. Brunel, Otigo.-Ho'mcs, White, and Co. 27\. Vortigorn, B. s, 8£0, J. Iledstrom, Otago.-Doug- lass, Do Little, and Co. 23 W111 Flower, B. b, 458, II. Geddes, Leith.-Miller and Johnson. 28\. Stldanha, B. u., 1,600, -Dawson, Bilsbine. Bright BrotherE and Co. 80\. Aurora, B. s., 1,800. J. H. Glet, Now York Fisher, Rlcards, and Co. 30\. Dover Caiilo, B. s., 1.100, J. M. Aylcs, London. W. P. White and Co. 30\. Commodore Perry, B. B.. 2.017. D. Owen. Liver piol-Bright Brothers and Co. 30\. Krimpen Aan de Let, D. b., 600, W. G. Rotgans, Glasgow.-Holmes, White, and Co. 30\. Eloanor, 8. br., 180, J. A. Blackmore, River Mersey, V.D.I.-Schlnatein and Co. ? 80\. Express, R. br., 103, II. 8chuckor, Mauritius. Fanning, Nankivell, and Co. Dec. 2\. Laurel, B. s., 010, A. M'Lcan, London.-Blight Brothers and Co. 8\. Carin, 8. s., 052, P. von Matern, Rotterdam. Cleve Brothers and Co. 3\. Layard, B. br., 174, J. Crook, Canton.-Bright Brothers and Co. 8\. Caroline, S. b ,674, J. W. Wonncrholm, Gothen- burg.-Gibbs, Ronald, and Co. 8\. Fanny Kirchner, H. b., 634, H. H. Ellis, Quebec. -R. Towns and Co. 6\. Juno, H. b., 823, L. Ackmann, Foo-Chow-Foo. M'Culloch, Sellar, and Co. 5 Ismyr, B. b., 226, J. M. Summers, Dong Kong. J. J. Marshall and Co. 7\. Glencoe, B. s, 740, J. S. Hutton, Dunedin.-P. Graham. 7\. Maria GambrlU, B. b., 370, W. M'Glll, Invercar- gill-R. Towns and Co. 7\. Indiana, A. B., 007, C. B. Hobson, Otago.-S. do Beer. 8\. Sunda, B. s., 1,830, J. T. Bragg, Brisbane.-Bright Brothers and Co. 8\. Bolla Marina, B. b., 501. H. Elliott, Pugtt Sound. Di kstro, Williams, and Co. 0\. Alexandra, B «t., 700, G. Gilmore, Glasgow. Wm. Bayloi and Co. ' 11\. Gresham, B. a, 065, Ii. O. Brayley, Liverpool. Joshua Brotherr. 11\. Maryborough, B s., 1,007, E. Davies, Liverpool Bright Bri tatra and Co. 11\. Atlantic, S. s., 742, J. larras, Sodcrham.-Joshua Brothers. 11\. Exodus, B. »., 1,110, J. William;, London.-« Michaelis, Boyd, and Co. 11\. Catherine, B. b., 414, W. J. Lowo, Glasgow. Holmes, While, and Co. 11\. Greyhound, B. s., 1,410, J. Jackson, Llvorpool Lorlmor, Marwood, and Co. l8. Bombay, B. st., 608, G. C. Burne, Pointdo Gallo. J. Spirkcs. 16\. Great Britain, B. st., 8,000, J. Gray, Liverpool Bright Brothers and Co. 17\. Congo, Da. b., 425, J. Christenson, Now York. Lord and Co. 18\. Silontium, D. b., 836, J. T. N. S. von Loeuwen, Mauritius.-Joshua Brothers. 10\. Julia Farmer, B. s., 703, H. Mills, Omaroo, N.Z. J. H. Clough and Co. 20\. Edith Smith, B. br., 171, 0.0. Wattr, Mauritius. B. and P. Turnbull and Co. 22\. Barwon, B. st., 408, W. Kennedy, Greenock. D. Littlo. 22\. Mary Cumming, B. s., 106, R. Barclay, Bordeaux. -J. Henty and Co. 23\. Roslyn, A. so., 445, San Francisco. NOV. CLEARED OUT. 20\. Despatch, B. b., 254, J. Lowrlo, Mauritius.-Jas. Lawrance 20\. Chatsworth, B. s., 830, J. O. Campbell, Callao. Frost, Kohler, and Co. 20\. Madras, B. st, COS, J. R. Btoad, Point de Galle. J. Sparkes. 26\. Star, a s., 1,060, J. R- Curtis, Otago.-Jenner and Co. . 27\. Danube, B. br., 203, J. F. Lansen, Batavia. Captain. 27\. Melanie, B. br., 133, A. longmulr, Sydney.-R. Towns and Co. 27\. Ocean Pearl, A- b., 092, D. W. Newcombe, Callao. -Lord and Oo. 28\. Flurenco Nightingale, B. a, 1,280, Ii. Harrison, P hit de G tile.-Lorimer, Marwood, and Co. 30\. Postboy, B. sc, 94, J. Gascoigne, Ballybadong. — Young and Martin. Dec. 1\. Ocuauica, B. «., 1,073, P. S. Corbít, Callao. fleo. Martii and Co. 2\. Zaphyro«, D. b, 833, H. Jepson, Guam.-Joshua Brothers. 2\. Amazon, B. b., 363, A. Ogier, Mauritius.—Joshua Brothers. 2\. Champion of tbo Seas, B. a., 1,017, J. Outridgo, Olago.-Bright Brothers and Co. 8\. Brottior«, B. b, 287, J. II. Kennedy, Pelro pvuloakol.- Fauulny, Nankivel', and Co. 4\. ulty of Boston, A. »., 008, B. Baker, Akyab. Osborn, Gushing, and Co. i. Meroo Polo, B B., 1,025, W. M. Arnold, Loudon, til Geelong.-Bright Brathers and Co. i. Samarang, B. «., 1,105, li. Robson, Otago.-Bright Biotli»rs and Co. 5\. CJumbino, D. b., 615, E. J. Kok, Colombo.-W. Crosby. 6\. Landsbirouirh, B. «., 1,000. O. Jones, Otage Bricht Brothers and G>. 8\. Brandon. B. f., 731, J. B. Jolly, Akyab.-M'Cul loch, Soltar, and Co. 0\. Aloxandra, B. b., 289, T. Harrison, Guam.-0. J. Lewis and Co. 9\. Berwickshire, B. s., 1,111, W. H. Thom»«, Dong Komr.-J. Henty and Co. 9\. Charlotte, II. b., 270, J. A. Frcderlckson, Macas- sar.-ll'ltlcking and Co. 9\. Jeannie W. Payne. B. s., 7 -.7, A. Burke, Bluff Harbour.-S. do Beer. 11\. Caroline, H. br., 100, A. von Appen, Dunodln. Hayward and Co. 11\. Gaipard, F. b., 472, J. B. Deaparmot, Calcutta. O. Tonetourand Oo. 12\. DomldM'Kay, B. ?., 2,005, K. Richard', Londm. -Blight Brother, and Co. 14\. Su'nex, B. t., 860, II nidgers, London.-W. P. Witto and Oo. 15\. Dagmar. B. s , 1,178, J. P. Lambort, Akyab. Michaelis, Boyd, and Oo. 10\. Bombay, B. ac, 003, G. O. Burne, Sydney.-J. Sparkes. l8. Sur of Peace, B. a , 1,113, W. O. Mitchell, Lon- don.-Dalgety and r;o. l8. Vaillant B»squo, F. b., 401, F. Got, Gutta -Prost, Kohler, and Co. l8. KioKfl her, A. «., 1," 03, W. Freeman, Bluff Har hoar.-S do B er. 18\. Bengal, B. «.. 781, N. P. Brunell, Guam -Holmes, Whito, and Co. le. Ottollna, D. b., Oil, O. Eclman, Twofold Bay. Jot-lm i Brother« and Co. 19\. IsUnd City, A. b., 483, T. Smith, OUgj.-Osborn, Gushing, and Co. 19\. Johannes, II. b., 408, H. X1. Weberg, Moulmcln. -Ilaogo and Prell. 21\. Game Cock, A. «., 1,1 3, J. J. Williams, Dunedin. -Dodd »nd Thom>on. 21\. Suldanali, B. ?>., 1,602, G. Dawson, Otago.-Beigh'. Brothers ar.d Co. 21\. Panima, H. b., 4'.4, N. H. Habrg,Otago.-Beaver and CJ. 21\. Hein, S. b , 400, C. FMkenberg, Callao -Dalgety and Co. 21\. Lln-'a, H. b., 430, J. E. von B.thon, Cochin. O Tondeur ano Co. 21\. Omagh, B. b., 352, W. Davids in, Guam.-Grlco, Sumner, and Co. 22\. Jeanie, B. b., 604, C. n. Smith, Amherst,-Flabor, Ricard', and Co. 22\. C(8t ian, B. s , 1,215, W. J. Fothergill, Akyab. tiirimer. Marwood, and Co. 23\. Vettern. B « . 880 J HoMrom, Bluff Harbour. -Douglas«, De Little, and Co. PASSENGERS SAILED FOR ENGLAND BY, AND SINCE THE DEPARTURE OF, THE OOTOBER MAIL. Nov. so. Result, ship, for London -AssistantCommtaary G-neral Bartlott, Mr*. Bartlott, fimily (four), and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. S Jon-«, Mr. Bovt ridge, Mr. Chapman, Mr. Corbet, Mr. Kobcrtioti. aladra', it M.S 3., fur Point de Galle.-Messrs. Porter, Polli ck, and Meyer, for King Giorgio Sound ; Mr. G)W, fur C-Icutta ; Mr. a"d Mrs. Wright, t»o idilldro'i, and «or/ant, and Mrs. Kohler, four children, »ud two servant:, for Marseille. DKC. 12. Sussex, for London.-Captain and Mrs. Bancroft, fain! y, and servant ; Major Koenc, Mr. It- Keene, Mr. and Mrs, Wolfe', Mr. ai d Mis. Webster, Mrs Manduit »nd family, Mr. Douglass. Due. l8. Donald M'Kay, fjr London.-Mr. and MTB. Bailly, family (thrac), and servant ; Mr. and Mrs. Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. Williams, Mr. and MM , Ml-s, and M«a'er Minchin ; Mr. and Miss Chard, Mi« Stone, Dr. Itoblnnon, Captain Wotater, and Mr. Hobson. DEC. 19 Stir of Peace, for LonJon.-Mrs. Muller and Infant,' Oapti-in J. W. M. Taylor, Captain Dick, Dr. Holman, and Moura. Kvtz, Cabibello, and Pugh. 