The Advertiser. ADELAIDE: TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1863. REVIEW. A HANDBOOK FOR COLONISTS IN TROPICAL AUS-<*> TRALIA, by George Wi[?]dsor Earl, Member of the Royal Asiatic Society, &c.;, &c.;, and formerly Com-<*> missioner of Crown Lands, at Port Essington. North Australia. Printed at the Pinang Gazette Offi-J. We regret that we cannot give the name of an Adelaide bookseller in connection with the very useful work above mentioned, but the truth is that it is not to be purchased in Adelaide, and for the volume now before us we are indebted to the courtesy of the Hon. the Chief Secretary, who has been fortunate enough to receive a pre sentation copy. The introduction to the book is dated " Province Weilesley, January 8, 1863,*' so that it is brought down as nearly as possible to date. Mr. Earl appears to be well qualified by natural endowments for the compilation of such a work, and he has also had the advantage of great personal experience in connection with the subject of which he writes, having been officially connected with Port Essington from the forma tion ofthe settlement in 1838 until its abandon ment in D—ember, 1849. The chief duty im posed upon Mr. Earl being that of col lecting information that might prove useful to colonists in the event of the settlement being thrown open to private enterprise by the sale of Crown lands, it will be seen that he has been placed iv a situation eminently favorable for acquiring that particular kind of knowledge which is so much needed by South Australia in its present eff-rts to found a settlement on the Northern coast. We may add that Mr. Earl appears to have alike avoided exaggerated des cription and gloomy misgivings. His state ments everywhere bear the impress of simple truth, and that euch is their actual characteristic we have no doubt. "Tropical Australia," as described by Mr. Earl, includes all that portion of the Continent lying to the north of the Tropic of Capricorn, and, therefore, strictly across the entire main land from East to West. He describes more particularly the Victoria Biver and district (where our new settlement is to be established), the North-west Coast from Victoria River to Van Diemen's Gulf, Van Diemen's Gulf, the North Coast from Melville Island to Cape Weasel, the Carpentaria district, and the North- East Coast. There is also a great deal of infor. mation respecting the Indian Islands, and their availableness as markets for produce, and as ?3our_„ for the supply of labor. We should also remark that Mr. Earl ia bis Handbook not only summarises his own experience, but availi Uimself freely of the research— of all the travel lers and explorers who have written upon Tropi cal Australia. As the South Australian Government are about to survey a township on the Victoria. Biver, and to sell 250,000 acres of land in that vicinity, we shall refer especially to Mr. Earl's sketch of that locality. He says, almost pro phetically,—" The Victoria Biver in the north west appears destined to become ihe site of tlie first permanent settlement established on the northern coasts of Australia." Ten years ago the chances were in favor of some port in the Gulf of Carpentaria, for at that time Leichardt's < track had tempted stockholders to transport their surplus horse-stock to the Gulf for India, but the discovery of the gold-fields opened up a more profitable home market, and the idea of a settlement in Carpentaria was abandoned. Mr. Earl refers in terms of eulogy to the explorations conducted by this colony, and anticipates an objection which we have heard advanced within the Last few days, to the effect that it is pre sumptuous for a small community like that of South Australia to attempt to colonise the northera coast when the Imperial Govern ment have tried and failed. He cays— " It may seem strange that I should anticipate success to the unaided efforts of a small body of colonists, when no less than three unsuccess ful attempts have been made by the Supreme Government itself to establish settlements in the same region, with the last and greatest of which I was myself connected; but the matter admits of easy explanation. A colonial establish ment can never be considered permanent until it is supported by a body of colonists who have become so interested in ite sue—ss that ite abandonment would prove their ruin. In the case of Port Essingtou it was hoped that the difficulties connected with the question of cotton supply in Fngland—which were even then ac knowledged—would prove sufficient to enlist the supp.rt of the home manufacturers, at least until experiments in cotton culture had been fully carried out; but this proved a mistake, as even that Bmall encouragement was withheld which would have justified the Giverainent in throwing opea the land for coloniisation." The truth is "colonisation"—properly so called —was never attempted at Port Essington—and not having been, in the true acceptation of the term, attempted, it cannot be said to have failed. We now give a few extracts from Mr. Earl's work descriptive of the geography of the Victoria Biver district:— ??VicTOBiA. River Mooth.—tat. 14* 40* 8., long. 129 ? 2Y K-. is upward* of 21 mles wide between Turtle Point and Swamp Point, which form the mm h of the river. A. portion of this space is occupie 1 by mud and s md bank"; the first lying near the coast an I the sand-banks formintc ling ridges towards the centre of the river, running in the direction of the stream of tide, and houndi.ig the central channel < n either sile this channel was discovered and surveyed by theoffi _rs of ELM.*-. Begle. in the yeir 1839, and named tbe Queen's Ch ?nneL The entrance from seaward is between two s—dheads. a mile and a half apart, which are covered at half-tide; tlie depth in the channel being seven and eieht fathoms, which, however, decreases farther np. but as there is still 2\ fins, at low water, and the tise and fall of tide at foil ani chi-ige of the moon is 24 feet, there is a depth sufficient for the large ships. The g eat stre >gth of the tide seems likely to tender this channel unpopular except nnder very f .vorable < ircumrtances, the ord nary rate being five miles an hour, and the velocity of the ebb tide must be ereatly increased during the freshen. Under t_e<e circumstancea, the two eastern ctt-nnel", throu-h one of which H. U.S. Beagle entered, are likely to be preferred, for although more narrow aad tortuous, tbe tid-s are very 6tro_2 only at certain spots, which can easily be avoided by ships "-equifing to anchor, to stop forthe tide. The land at the mouth of the river is uni formly low, consisting of islands or mud flats overgrown witb mangroves and partly covered at high tide. Point Pearee. the north extreme of the bay into w-iich the river discharges, is visible clear in weather from the sand bends, distant 19 miles, the cliffs beiner 85 feet high. The Macadam Ranee. 600 feet high, will also be visible l-t miles to tbe westward, but it is less valuable as a leading mirk for making the sandheads th?n Point fear—. River Peak, on the north hank of the river, near the commencement of the narrows, may also gene rally be seen distant 25 miles to the south-west. " KNTBAXCE ISLAND AND SAHDSrONE Goboe.—The low land, mu-1 flats, aud sand bants terminate suddenly it Entrance Island, tbiriy miles from tbe sand heads, where the river contracts to a width of lees than a I mile, and rashes through a gorge in the sandstone! range with a velocity that creates numerous eddies ?nd whirlpools, which render the navigation critical, although the depth of water is great—sometimes as much as 20 fathoms. ELMS. Baagle passed through ri_ gorge, which is ten miles in length, and anchored in " Holdfast Rb&CH;, where some wells were sunk on the north bank of the river, and a plentiful supply of gjod water obtained. Tbe Beagle remained the whole ofthe month of November at thia anchorage, while the boats were exploring the upper waters of the river, '"apt Stokes says that she might have gone seven miles further np than Holdfast tteach; and the Tom Tough, a schooner of 140 tons, in attendance on tar. Gregory*, overland expedition, as**—ded the river for 100 miles in September 1855 ; but she was so much injured hy re peated groundings on the sandbanks that she required —tensive root—rs betore she could be sent to sea, and was condemned a* soon as she reached a commercial ?ort. It is not likely, however, that vessels of burthen will ascenl the river so high as Hold fast Reach, except with the aid of a very powerful steam tug, for the Beagle was tumid round and round hy the streneth of the eddies while passing through the narrows; and, although the rusk was not very treat in a handy vessel of 200 tons, with a numerous and discip'ined crew, it woud be othe-wise in the case of a modern clipper ship whose length and capacity would render her un mitea tor this kind of navigation. Nor does the anchor—? st Holdfast Beach present any attr clions beyond the wells of fresh water, -ts the two anchors with which the Beagle was moored bit so deeply into the ground, owing to the strength of the tide (sometimes six aod a-half miles per hour), that they could not be weighed, and had to be left behind with a portion of their cables. This anchorage also eeems to have been oppressively hot, probably owing to the radiation from the Sed Sandstone Ranees, as the ther m-meter on board the Beagle sometimes stood at 105? in tie shade Capt. Stokes thn< recirds the departure of the Beagle from Holdfast Beach:— * December 1. We slipped from our last anchor at daylight and pro cc-—d down the river. After pirou-tting thmugh Whirl tool Ketch we got as far down aa fie flits firmting Biver Peak, above which we anchored near noon. After having been shut np a-noug rocky ranges for a month, the sight of the sea horizon was a novelty, and the cool refreshing bree_e, as it came sweepine over the unbroken expanse of waters created in us very pleasing sensationl.* (Voyage of the Beagle, vol. 2, page 10 J). This spot, namely, the end of Sea Beach, close np to the entra cc of the narrows, may be looked upon as the site <f the future port, as it will certninly h-come tbe anchorage for all ships of burthen frequenting the river ; that is to say. unless some ot tor spot very favourably circumstanced happens to be discovered. Fresh water will be found n abt—danc < below the surface at the base of tie aan d su,ne ranges; and the supply of fuel will come from the raangr .ye jungle which lies to seaward: in lee 1. co scant of timber a c th ? banks of the river further inland tbat when the popu'ati in comes to be larger tbe man grove wood, which furnisbrs fuel of the best description, is likely to be in general use np to the head of the navi gation. " Pon.l Peahce flat 14" 25' 50" S., long. 129? 21' 42' E.), which fo.ms the north point of the grea- bay into which the Victoria flows, is a smal headland composed of red sanlstone cliffs 85 feet high, covered with a growth of timber, mostly white- arked euca lyptus. The cliffs rise abmotly from a shelf of rocks very little elevated above highwater mark, round which the tide rushes with great rapidity, forming a race which extend* upwards of a mile oit to ?_, nlthough the depth of water close in to the point is four fa horns, rapidly increa-iog to seaward. The rise and fall of the tide at tbe spring" is 26 feet, and it is high water at full aud change at 7 o'clock. There is a bay to the south of Point Pearee in w_h a ship can anchor out of the strength of th*) tide in sto 6 fathoms. Ships bound to the Victoria Hiver by the Q leen's Channel will have to make Point Pearee, from which they can shape their ourse for the sand-heads. There will probably be a pilot station established here when the banks of the river come to be settled; and establish-no ts for cutting timber are likely also to be formed, as wood is much more abund—H here than nearer the river Lieutenant St ikes, of H. M.S. Beagle, was wo nded by a spear thrown by a native from the cliff while he was taking observations on the shelf of rocks below ; but the natives did not make their appearance when the horses for Mr Grezory's expedition were being landed, although' there was cvi fence of their being in the neighborhood. They were probably alarmed lest the Europeans ahould retaliate; for. as aggressions of a similar nature are never forgotten by themselves, but are handed down by tradition from generation to generation, they must naturally suppose tbat the satnespirit exists in strangers The country in the neighborhood of Point Pearee is well grassed, and there is water for stock in lagoons a short distance inland even in the driest season. ??TUB'—E Poist, the south extreme of the river's mouth is a cluster of low sand-hills, backed by man grove jungle extending inland for several miles. The sh'p channels ou this side have not yet been surveyed If they prove to ha of good depth, which is at le tst pro bable, they are likely to be preferred to the northern channels, as the tides run with a greatly-decreased velo city on this side—a point which navigators will appre ciate. There is a or. — within the Point in wliich pi t schooners, or even vessels of a much larger class, could obtain shelter from all winds. "Cambridge Gulp. 60 miles to the eastward of Turtle Point, is a nan able inlet penetrating inland op wards of 60 miles in a southerly direction. It waa dis covered end ?arreyad by Captain King during hi* first voyage in the cutter Cumberland. The entrance be tween Cape Domett on the east and Cape I'usspjour on tbe west is 12 miles wide, the centre part being occu pied by a rocky barren island 6 <0 feet high ?nd 9 miles iv circumference, called Lacrosse Is'and (so named by the French e.pediti >n under Captain Baadm). The western channel is rath-r more than five miles wide, but half of this space is occup ed by a reef extending frum Cape Dussejour. The eastern channel appeared to be clear throughout, and Captain King had seven fathoms half a mile from the eastern side of the island. The depth in tbe western ch- mnel is greater, as he ba 1 no bottom with 14 aud 17 fathom* when passing the island at the di'tance of a mile from tbe shore. The Cumberland anchored in a sandy bay on the south tide of tbe island, half a mi'e from the shore. No fresh water was fcuud here nor in any other part of the Gul, and very little timber was seen except the mangrove. The Port, however, may prove useful to a vessel bound to the Victoria >iver. making the coast during one of ' the spurts of strong westerly winds which sometimes occur in the months of llecem'-er, January, and February, when it may lie considered advisable to await better weather before running for Point Pearse. The coast is clear to the westward of the Gulf aa far as Cape Londonderry, 95 miles distant; and Mount t'asnarina. a conspicuous flat-topp -d hill 35 miles to the westward of Cape Dussejour, which may be seen at a distance of seven or eight leagues when be tween the bearings of south and W. S. VV., is an excel lent land mark, ft should be mentioned th-t Captain King saw every indication of fresh water being abun dant on Lacrosse Island during the rainy season. A few natives were seen by Captain King on Lacrosse I aland and on the shores or the Gull, but they avoided intercourse with their visitors. " Upper Vict-bia, Hrve?.—Above Holdfast Reach the river opens out to an average width of one and a half mi c, and tbe tortuous character that marks its pas s <ge through the sandstone gorge disappear-, for now there is a reach of 16 miles in length running south, when the river takes an abrupt turn to the eastward and the c -untry immediately improves, the valley ex tending ior come dUta'ice from each bank in flits of brown loamy soil, scantily woo lo 1 with KucU ivtus and Melaleuca. This easterly trend continues for 25 miles, when it benls to the S ti. across tbe Whirlwind Plains of .Stokes for about 10 miles, and then runs south five mil ato the site of tbe camp estaHlisuerl by Ur Oregoryas a depot while he w?s absent on his trip to wards the _.W to the sources of the Victora ani tha Sal' Lake. This may be cansid'Dd as tlie head <if the navigation of the river, for a little beyond the .-hmnel is dry or nearly so at certain seasons of the year. The Tom Tough ascended to this point when the wafers of the rivers were at the lowest, 6" that whatever discus sion may arise as to the mrst convenient position for the port, there c n be no difference of opinion as to the point to which goods can be carried by water at all seasons of the year Above tbe Camp, the bed of the river bee mea tortuous up to a point 50 miles due east, when it curves to tbe southward, and continues in that direction up to its source, which wa? found in a sand stone table-land, 1,200 feet hi.h. in lat. 18 ?, long. 130? 40. This table-land proved to be the dividing range, sunning N.W. and S.E It was subsequently crossed by Mr. Gregory and his party at a point 50 miles to the nor h-e*st whle on his journey towards the interior. The dividing range was 1,700 feet in elevation at the sec md point of crossing. The region of tbe upper Victoria consists chie&y; of extensive valleys of good soil, well gra-sed, the eandst—e of th? lower region being varied with out-crops of basalt, lime stone, and jasper. Mr. Wilson, the ge legist of the ex pedition, in his paper on the Physical Geography ot North-West 4ustralik. published in the journal of the Royal Geographical Society, stys:—' (n no part o' tb? world bave I seen crass .row so luxuriantly, and Mr H Gregory observed to me during a journey of 10 days, when I ad-ompanit-d him and his brother to the tipper Victoria that he had seen m-re grass land thai daring all his life before.* (Vol X—Vttl, p. 141 ) -his beauti ful country ia, however, JUble to floods, sometime-, rising to an enormous height in contrasted valleys, so tha settlers will do well to examine narrowly the level of lormrf flwds bef .re erecting their stations. These flmds do not appsar to be caused by the regular monsoons rains, but rather hy waterspouts or tuch like phenomena during the periodical commotions that take place in the atmosphere of this region Mr Gregory and his party were at the Victoria Kiver or in tbe imnediate neighbourhood, from September 15, 1855, to the end of June in the fol lowing year, a period of more than nine months, in clu iii— the hottest season of tbe year. Mr. EUey, the surgeon of the expedition, who resided constantly at the Camp, gives the f-lowing particulars of the seasons and clima-e in his Medical Report, which is published in the volume of the Geo/r.phical Society's Journal quoted above, (p. 135) ?As far as our o nervation-* extended, there seem to be three seasons ia North- West Anstralia, viz.—the wet season, comm-ncing about December and lifting to Febnmry; the spring or cool -—son, fro n March to July ; and the dry or hot season from August, to November. Our first arrival at the Victoria was in September. The whole country was parched, the vegetation dried up, and bush-fires were frequent. The heat of the day was not followed by a cool night. Though the maximum heat was not exces sive, rarely exceeding 114 ° Fahr, the the minimum was very high, seldom falling below 80° at any time, and I have known the thermometer suspended in the air to stand 93 ?at sunrise. During these months there was scarcely any dew. Lightning was constant to the E. and N. 8., and was rarely absent for six months. There were occasional thunder storms "during the month of October." "The rains commenced towards the end of November, and by the middle of Decs—ber had ftirly set in. On the 18th the freshes had raised the river come four or live feet. _ From the 20th to t'io end of Dace ober the rain was incessant, and on the 7th of January the river was II feet above its averag. level. This was the greatest height attained. There were, however, indica tions of its being a very dry season. The weather during this time was vary oppressive, and the excessive m —lure rendered the heat most 'trying to the party, many of whom were actively employed. By the end of January the rain had almost entirely ceased, and at the end of February the air bad reclined its usual dryness. From March to July there was a c instant succession of beautiful weather. The noonday heat seldom exceeded 95?, and was tempered by a delicious _.E. breeze, which blew uninterr ptedly for nearly Eve weeks, and with slight intervals for four months. The days were bright and cioulless, the ni—'s clear and old. the ther mometer generally below 5 i ? at eunris >, and sometimes oelow 40 ?._ The weather had a most beneficial effect oo ss, and its influence was speciall; felt by those of the party who were —>r so long a time resident in camp, at one spot, and without any active employment or exer cise." Mr. Wilson says—"The soil on these plains (the Jasper Plains of the Upper Victoria) is a rich clay, frequently very deep, and ig derived, from the decompo sition of the sha'e rock after being left bare by the removal of the sandstone. The limestone frnquent'y protrudes, and in euch localities the soil is more cal cu-eou-. * * ? Tbe J-spsr Plains contain about 120 090 act—; Beatrie Valley, wi'.h valleys adj lin ing. 169.OOO; and the extensive valley of the Norton, -haw and -aunders Hirers, it would be" difficult ftdly to estimate, but there appeared under my own observation an extent exceeding 1,500 000 acr s, to which—if we add tbe fine country at tbe head of Sturt Creek, and that at the head of the River Fitzmaurice —they will make an aggregate of 500.000 acres. These tracts have come uuder our united observ—on, and may aU be considered well watered pasture land. " I have aaid tbat "forth-west Anstralia is a grassy country and this character is due not only to the great abundance of grass with which it ia covered, but elsoi to the luxuriance and variety of the .grasses. A few of! these, however, are predomin —t, and in most instances afford excellent pa 'tore. Perhaps the most extensive i? a variety that resembles wild oats, and grows from the height of three feet to six feet. This gr >ss attains its ereatest perfection on the stony slopes and at the base of the r tnges. It grows in many pi ces on tbe top of the table Und, and on dry gravelly oatchns. Bor lering this grass but on better soil, another variety growing close and fine, and not often excee-ling three feet high, might make excellent hiy. This gr-H overs extensive tracts on the plains, and when ripe it is very difficult to travel through on foot, as it lies broken by the winrl and parted from its roots in a tans-l— mass a foot to 18 inches deep, a d clings round the feet and legs while passing through it." Mr. Earl's book is furnished with a series of charts, showing the direction of the prevalent winds, rains, and currents, in Tropical Australia* January, February, and March are the rainy months, the winds being N.W.; May, June, ani July are the c_ld months, little or no rain falling in those months, and the winds being generally from the S.E.; September, October, and November comprise the hot or electrical season, thunder-storms during those months being almost of daily occurrence in some portion or other of the tropical regions. Mr. Ear] says "No hot winds, such as those experienced in the Southern colonies, where they sometimes blow for several days in succession, have ever yet been felt in any part of tropical Australia, nor is it likely that any such can occur," unless near the centre of the continent. Mr. Earl's theory of the hot wind is that it is produced by the north west monsoon, which, when strong, advances steadily into the interior, driving the heated air before it. As regards temperature, Port Essington is the only place on the north coast where the thermometer has been registered all the year round; and there the maximum was 97 ? (iv November), and the minimum 63 ? (in June). This thermometer was kept in a low wooden building, and Mr. Earl thinks that with better constructed houses the heat might be reduced several degrees. The thermometer was in a house 18 miles from the sea, where the sea breeze often failed to reach it. Mr. Earl is of opinion that on any part of the coast accessible to the sea breeze between Melville and Wessels Island the maximum in an Indian bungalow would rarely, if ever, be above 90 ?. In the interior 10 degrees more heat may be looked for, but, on the other hand, the minimum of cold will be lower. On the banks of the Victoria River the thermometer once fell to 40 ?, and Sir Thomas Mitchell found it below freezing p^int whilst close to the tropic during his last expedition from New Sonth Wales to Carpentaria. But in ?pite of these records there can be no doubt that ], the hot weather ts hot, although, ilr. Earl says that at Port Essington the kangaroo hunters, generally non-commissioned officers of marines, exposed almost daily during the hottest season of the year to continual exertion on foot, were always the healthiest men in the garrison. One advantage possessed by the tropical co__t orer the coasts to the Sonth consists in the greater rise and fall of the tides. At Camden Bay Capt. King noticed as much as 37£ feet rise and fall! At Port Darwin, near Van Die men's Gulf, there is a rise and fall of 24 feet, and altogether there is a reach of 50Q miles on the north-west coast, where dry docks available for the very largest ships could be constructed without the aid of pumping machinery. But this is an advantage that has chiefly attractions for the future. Mr. Earl says, " No single production in tho neighborhood of the Victoria has yet been dis covered of a* nature calculated to furnish an ex portable article," —an admission more candid than comforting,—although we may remark that not mnch has yet been done toward bringing to light the resources of the district. There is no timber fit for building purpo.es, and beams and planks for buildings will have to be got else where. But whilst making this statement Mr. Earl partly replies to himself, for he says — "Under these circumstances the mangrove forests which overspread the low half drowned lands it the mouth of the river will beoome of importance." In the Malayan countries the mangrove is highly valued, and mangrove swamps are eagerly bought up for the sake of the timber. The straight pieces are well adapted for posts and rafters, whilst the wood is scarcely inferior to cosl as an article of fuel. Mr. Earl does not think the climate suitable for sugar, except where regular irrigation can be carried on, although then it would succeed welL But he highly commends the country for indigo and cotton. In reference to cotton, he says— "It is difficult to concive circumstances better adapted for the .rowrh of cotton than those presented in the basin ofthe Victoria, namely, three m nths of rain, followed by a Bea —i of cool dry days and clear dewy nights for four months longer, without the ocr_ reoceof atmospheric disturbance to interfere with tha development ofthe pods The plants will be Wea roved by the .trought that succeeds the ? col season, but this will prove a posit ye advantage, as it will have th* same effect as the frost* of Georgi*. and arc-Una, necessitating the planting of fresh seed every year, and leaving no temptation for the cultivator to allow the pi nts to remain in the ground -for the chance of a crop the second year. This necessity for an annual renewal of thi pt—ts has had mo c to do with the success of American cotton planters than is generally admitted." The date pal-n, it is believed, would flourish luxuriantly, and the Bengal date sugar, formerly consumed at Port Essingt in, was preferred to the other. Bice might be grown easdy in low "" lands, bat it woald require much labor. Maize flourishes, bat wheat could never be raised at Fort EssingtoD, although, tried in every possible way. Mr. Earl thinks it might, however, be grown „ more elevated situations. Tama, sweet potatoes, melons, and pumpkins flourish, and the cocoa-nut palm would thrive amazingly, especially if planted along the inner margin of the mangrove belts thai line the coast. The banana is likely to become the most popular of all fruits in tropical Australia. At Fort Esstngton they were raised most eacces sf_ly. The tea-plant, it is also thought, might be profitably cultivate— We may add that Mr. Earl's book contains long descriptions of the most useful vegetable productions suited to tropical Australia, with instractions for making date 6ugar, cocoanut oil, &c.; But in the first instance pastoral pursuits wonld absorb the principal attention of the settle**., and Mr. Earl recommends cattle and horses to be tried before sheep. Some useful hints will be found on this subject, and a considerable portion of the book is taken up with descriptions of the various wild animals of the -region under consideration. If space permitted we should like to quote more freely from this really interesting and in- * structive work; but we must fjrbear, although we cannot avoid the expression of a hope that the book may be either reprinted in this colony. or a supply imported. The volume closes with a useful chapter on the industrial pursuits most proper for tropical Australia, the sources of labour, and markets for produce. In the East an unlimited demand exist- for " Dinding," or dried meat, which can not at present be obtained there to the extent of more than a tenth of what is wanted. This points to a lucrative branch of industry in con nection with stockkeeping. Fisheries of various kinds might be most profitably established. Some useful remarks occur with reference to the supply of labour—an all- important question in the settlement of a new country. After alluding to the results of Coolie labour in Mauritius and Ceylon, Mr. Earl thus refers to the question of Chinese immigration :— "Whether in y ere it demand will arise for Chinese agricultural laborers remains to be seen, but if tropical produce cn-nes to be cultivated on a larpe ec-ile. Ind a alone conld not supply the number required, and Chinese labor will be best suited to topply the de ficiency, 'n that case it may be expected tbat the ira mieration will be carried on much in the same manner with that to the Strait" Settlements, the immigrants being brought down a*t a deck freight, and re idente in the settlement advancinB* the amount of v—sage money on their engaging to nerve tor a term Tbeir cost wiU be aom-what less than that of Indian laborers in the matter of passage --oney, but they must not he expected to eerva after their te-m has expired, as they trill nribab'y comment workine on their own accou-t, either as cultivators or as petty tradesmen. " There c*n be no doubt whatever that a large apon tanteous immigration of On ipse will set in on tha tropical coast of Anstralia as soon as the country has . become sufficiently occupied by buropeans to afford them protection from the natives, aa the marine productions are so abundant and of so valuable a description that they would long ago bave been active in the enterp*is3, but for the dre — they ontertan of the wild black tribes of the Archipeligo. As it is, they are the chief, if not the sole supporters of the trepan*? and tortoise shell fish-ay carried on by the natives of Celebes and Stun hawt, win would ho unable to fit out their ex leiitioia w-re it n't for the advances mide by the 'Chinese mer chant.; and traders of Macassar No enco iras-etnent will be reqiired on the part of Europeans, as they are now so well supplied with info — ation as to wbat is -roiug ou in Australia, that they will enter the fi_d the mo ment it is fully opened by the establis.tnent of perma nent seitlem _'s on the coast. Their enter rise is likely, in the first instance, to he directed towards 'be marine productions; and sal t fish, c lible seaweed, pearls, mother o'pearl shell, kima abels, sharks' fin*, halach 'ng, or caviare made of fi-meated shrimps, and many other prodicuon-i suited for the China market, will be ad led to those which they bave heretofore procured from the coast through the' instrumentality of the Indian Islanlera, Although the Chinese are yew by year be coming; more partial to the use of v-_sels of European construction, 1 think the collection of these product* will be earned on in junks such as those employed on the coasts nf China, as they could make the voyage with aafetv as reear 'a seaworthine?S, ?nd their consonicti.tn a .d fitting are peculiarly suited for the woii in which they would be engaged." In the Legislature of this colony, as in other circles, reference has frequently been made to the facilities that exist for obtaining a supply of labor from the Indian islands adjacent to the northern coast. To come extent this description, of labor may be obtained, but to procure it steadily, and on a large scale, would appear to be attended with some difficulty, if Mr. Earlia correct in this particular. {He says — "I will therefore procwd to eive some details respect ing the islands capab'e of furnishing laborers, corn men ing with Kotti, the nearest to tbe Continent of Australia, being- only 2(50 miles distant from Cape Bougainville. This island contains about 20 000 inhabi tants, the greater portion, if not the whole, being Christians of the Dutch Reformed Church; Botti having been the chief 6eld in which the members ofthe mission established at Kopang have exerted hemaelves. The entire population is engaged in agriculture during the rainy season, maize. yam?, an 1 bananas being the chief art-cles prod c -d: but the ?npp!v raised is wry I- ej sufficient for tbeir consumption, and many of the men migrate to Kopaoer, as soon as their crops ar*_ in the ground, to so. k employment as labirers. returning to their homes in time to take part in t_e labors of the fi'ild when the ra:ny season return. "? hey a-e a qu'et, industrious peonle, and I have pers _?1 'y ascertained j that many of the n wou'd willinely ac**pt employment in tuatralia during the eis-t m >nths in which their labors at li .me are suspend d, it a pi-sige e-tch way ia provided for tbem. - nd their retn*- home in timi to put in the crops is ensured As the labor* of the fisheries and forests in Tr-'pical _u*tra'ia will hnva to be suspended during tbe rany season, this arrangement might suit botl partii., aud I do not think that the Dutch tlovernment would oVyeot, ajthoagb it would cert_i_Jy--rt*fer? in regulating tha temporary migration, and would probably also impose a tax on the emigrants Sara, and some of the islands north of Kopang m ght also furnish their quoti of tem porary lahore-3, hut I do not think thtt Timor itself will contribute, althoush the populiti-iu must be nearly ti qu-?rteT of a ro-Uon. for tbe -lave tradn in almost ns rife here as in the interior of Africa, and where man-hunt ing is a common pursuit, honest labor is at a discount; ?md this is the case in Tim ir. But the Serwatty Islands and Timor Laut, which are occupied by a people c!osely resembling the natives of Rotti, and m_y of v-'iotn are also Chi—tians, could snpplv some hundreds ?'f temporary laborers if it were mule worth their while. A number of emigrants from Timor Lout is ti'-viys to be fonudat Binds wher* t-ereis no nativeor W>oring popul-t on, and ihej are literally the hewers <.f wood and drawers of water, performing aU the more K!-t rious domestic d_t:es. They coma in their own jinhus. and generally remain two or three years, their j home ties appearing'to be less strong than those of tbe . rt-.-.tives of Rotti and the Serwatty Islands. "Bili and Lrimhok could supply several hundreds of stout laborers without their being missed at home, but (treat caution will be required here, as slavery is in fall f "i-ce on these is'anis a< well as in Ti-nor, besides a sys tem by which debtors remain in bondige to their cre ditara until their d-bts are paid; and the chief, mitrht free them to enter into contracts without their free c insent." " lava and tne small but populous island of Banian, or —beck, furnish some bundre-'B -f labourers to the Straits settlements, but these arrive under peculiar cir cumstance", being Mahommedan pi grims on their wsy to Mecca, who remiin in the straits until th y have amassed suffldent money to p<y the r passage on to Mecca; or returned pilgrims who retnaiu until they hive worked out the cost of ?h?ir passa/e back by the ->il_rim ships. Such a class of labour-rs would not be desirable for Australia, as the returned pilurims gene rally are very higotted, and the instruction th?iy rece.ve from the holy men nt Mecca does not improve their feeling towards Kuropeans." From these extracts it will be seen that consi derable discrimination will be necessary in select ing labor from the Indian islands. Bnt we have exceed onr intended limits, and with this extract oar notice must close. We again commend the work to public attention as one that might witb great advantage be reproduced at the present moment. 