ARRIVAL OF THE MADRAS WITH THE NOVEMBER MAILS FROM EUROPE. \---0--- [The following appeared in a second edition of The Argus published yesterday:-] The Argus Office, Monday, 11.30 a.m. The Rangatira, with the South Aus- tralian portion of the November European mails, arrived at Adelaide early this morning. The following is a summary of the news telegraphed by our own correspondent :--- The Rangatira arrived at Glenelg, from King George's Sound, at four a.m. on the 12th inst., after a passage of 108 hours. The Peninsular and Oriental steamer Madras, Captain Stead, arrived at King George's Sound, from Galle, at half- past eleven on the 7th inst., being two days after contract time. Strong head winds experienced throughout. Passengers. --- For Melbourne---Rev. \---Wilkinson, Mrs. Wilkinson, and child; Rev. --- Russell, Miss Walch, Miss Ritchie, Messrs. Briscol, Keefer, Schott, Ray, Topp, Chandler, and Serjeant-Major Napier. For Sydney---Mr. and Mrs. Stevens and two children ; Mr. and Mrs. Eisen and two children; Messrs. Wilson, Spine, M. Chandler, Gaven, Johnson, Stoly, Woodward, Webster, Hume, Walker, Cruikshank, Campbell. Cap- tain Pascoe, R.N., is in charge of the mails. GENERAL SUMMARY. LONDON, NOVEMBER 20. The Australian September mails were delivered in London on November 14th and 20th. The Queen, who is residing at Wind- sor, is much improved in health and spirits. The Prince of Wales was expected in England on the 5th December. His marriage takes place in April next, by consent of Her Majesty. Sir Edward Blakeney, the Duke of Cambridge, Viscount Gough, and Lord Clyde have been made field-marshals. Sir Chas. Trevelyan is appointed Finance Minister of India. Dr. Thompson, Bishop of Gloucester, is appointed Archbishop of York. The International Exhibition closed on the 15th inst. A terrible conflagration happened on the 20th November, in Blackfriars, London, when a vast amount of property was destroyed. The frightful increase of street rob- beries, garrotting, and burglaries, in London during daylight, causes much alarm. Increasing distress in manufacturing districts, insufficiency of funds, and ap- pearance of fever at Preston, excite much attention. Half a million of operatives will be seeking relief in January, and strenuous efforts are being made to relieve them. The examination of the gang charged with the great Bank-paper robbery and forgery of notes, disclosed the whole pro- cess of the manufacture of forged notes for many years past. The City Bank of Manchester has stopped payment ; the manager mis- appropriated £120,000 ; his salary was £5,000 per annum. The Great Autumn Cup, at Liver- pool, won by Gardner ; Dulcibella se- cond. The great fight for the championship between Mace and King took place at Thameshaven on the 26th of November, King won, after an obstinate fight of twenty-one rounds, in thirty-eight mi- nutes. The championship of the Thames is not yet decided, Chambers not agreeing to row with Everson or Green. The latter two are expected to make a match for the title of champion. The female Blondin met with an acci- dent at Highbury Barn, which has made her a cripple for life. On the subject of the reduction of Sir Henry Barkly's salary, the Home News remarks :-" The sole question to be settled is, who shall control the ex- penditure of the colony, the local Par- liament or the Imperial Government ? And there can be no hesitation in saying that the English Constitution places the right of controlling the expenditure in the hands of the representatives of the people who pay the taxes. Whatever views the Duke of Newcastle may have as to the Governor's salary, we do not apprehend that he will contravene that principle." Obituary.--Marquis of Breadalbane, Admiral Rattray, General Jervis, Mr. Wilcox, M.P.; Mr. Thos. Mills, M.P. ; Sir Joseph Mondel, Mr. A. Wright, Dr. John Bell, Baroness Stafford, Sir Robert Sheffield, Chancellor Bird and Jonas Webb. AMERICA. NEW YORK, NOV. l8. General M'Clellan has been removed from the command of the army of the Potomac, on the ground of not obeying orders from General Halleck to advance and give the Confederates battle. The measure was unexpected, and caused considerable excitement, although it is alleged that the disgrace and removal are only a political move. General Burnside is appointed his successor. M'Clellan's name has been mentioned as the next democratic candidate for the Presidency. Affairs in the Northern States appear to be approach- ing a crisis. Gold has risen to 37 per cent. premium, and it was fully ex- pected a further rise would take place ; but the great interest in the American news of the month, and which was consi- dered of more importance than any mili- tary battle, centred upon the result of the election of members for the new Congress. In the Northern States the result of these contests shows a majority in favour of the Democratic party. A peace party from among them is just beginning to declare itself. Horatio Seymour, a leading democrat and opponent of the Washington Cabi- net, is elected Governor of New York State. Lincoln's Ministry, after long threatening, seems to be breaking up. Mr. Seward and Mr. Chase's retirement is confidently spoken of. The weather in America has become severe. Before the spring opens there is some chance of peace principles prevailing, as the people are becoming tired of the miseries and taxes of war, and forcible drafting has been abandoned. No se- rious battles have taken place since last ad- vices, but several skirmishes have occurred. Both sides, as usual, claim victory. A great general engagement is expected to take place daily. The position of the army now in the field looks ill for the Federals, who are menaced in various quarters by large masses of Confederate troops. The Confederates occupy Harper's Ferry. It is rumoured that Burnside, whose orders were to fight without delay, has been de- feated. This, however, is not yet confirmed. General Beauregard is preparing to defend Charleston to the last extremity, and has ordered all the slaves and non-combatants to leave the city. The British steamers Anglia and Anglia and Scotia captured in endeavour- ing to run stores into Charleston. The destruction of the British ship Blanche, on the coast of Havannah, by a Federal war steamer, and the insult thus offered to the Spanish flag at sea, have been disavowed by the American Go- vernment ; but Spain has demanded the punishment of the offenders, and the case is likely to become serious. The Alabama has done serious damage to the commerce of the North. 500,000dol. are offered for her cap- ture. Seward complains bitterly of England fitting out pirates to damage the trade of a friendly power. Mr. Slidell, the Southern Commissioner, has been received by the Emperor of the French. A diplomatic mediation in Ame- rican affairs has been proposed, France taking the initiative by addressing a note to the British Government, as well as to the Russian Cabinet, to ask for a joint action of the three powers to bring about an armistice for six months, to allow time for the negotiation of a treaty of peace. The British Government declined the proposal, refusing to co- operate with France ; and Russia also withheld her acquiescence---both coun- tries on the ground that the time had not yet come when such a step would be acceptable; and, if refused, could not readily be renewed. The Paris press are indignant at England's refusal. Cotton sixty-four cents. CONTINENTAL NEWS. FRANCE. A despatch has been sent by the French Government to Turin to open negotiations on the Roman question, on the basis of the Emperor's letter, and without reference to the recent despatches of M. Thouvenel. In this despatch it is stated that the French Government has always proclaimed its determination to protect the Pope. Baron Gros has replaced Count Flahault as French Am- bassador in London. ITALY. In the Turin Parliament, on the 18th November, it was thought Ratazzi's fall was inevitable. Ricasoli, on entering the House, was received with a rush of welcome. Poor Garibaldi has been the subject of endless surgical examinations during four weeks. The bullet was extracted from his foot by Dr. Manetti. His speedy restoration to health is expected. General Durando, tho Italian Foreign Minister, addressed some time back a despatch to, the French Government, frankly claiming on the part of Italy to be in possession of Rome as her capi- tal. The difficulty of replying to that despatch caused the change in the French Foreign-office, namely, the retire- ment of M. Thouvenel. M. Drouyn De L'huys, in reply to General Du- rando, stated that Napoleon had no in- tention to withdraw from Rome. Italian unity is thus further complicated. GREECE. The revolution is complete. King Otho fied first to Corfu, and finally to Munich. Candidates for the vacant throne are very numerous. Prince Alfred of England being the favourite, caused much commotion in Paris. The English Go- vernment has given instructions to its Minister at Athens to refrain from en- deavouring, in any way, to influence the elections. TURKEY. The Greek Revolution created great sensation and some alarm at Constanti- nople. PRUSSIA. The constitutional struggle is strengthening throughout the country. The general opinion is, that Government must very soon make concessions of the capital questions of the budget. AUSTRIA. The collision between Austrian and Italian soldiers on the Austrian frontier has called forth a remonstrance on the part of the Italian Government. RUSSIA. Gigantic strides are being made by Russia in the way of law reform. The press is to possess the right of reporting and commenting upon all judicial pro- ceedings. DENMARK. On September 24th, Earl Russell, in a despatch, advised Denmark, in peremp tory terms, to abolish the common Con- stitution, and to set up four estates for Denmark, Holstein, Schleswig, and Lunen- burg. Tho Danish Government refused to accept such propositions. MONETARY AND COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Bank directors have raised the minimum rate of discount from two to three per cent. A further rise is expected in a week or two. This arises principally from the extraordinary drain of the precious metals to the Conti- nent and the East. The value of money is rising on the Continent, Consols for money, 935/8 to ¾, and 92¼ quoted ex div. for the account (4th December). Australian Government securities and bank shares are in fair demand. Vic- torian bonds principally inquired for. Van Diemen's Land shares have ad- vanced since last mail. New South Wales Government Five per Cents., 1866, 101 to 102 ; Victorian Six per Cents. April and October, 107¾ to 108¼. Dividend of London Chartered Bank of Australasia for half-year, 4 per cent. A prospectus has been issued of the Queensland Wool Company, limited, capital, £200,000, in £10 shares. Mr. James Wood, M.P., tho well-known agriculturist, has joined the direction of the company. London Wool Report.---Last sales commenced 14th November, with large attendance of buyers, and prices were well supported for the first two nights' sale. It was soon evident that the trade was not in a position to take wool at high rates, hence the advance was lost, and continued dulness exhibited at each sale, with no immediate prospect of re- covery. Average prices fully equal to August rates. 55,000 bales remain on hand, and it is doubted whether present rates can be maintained. Exports.---The gross total values to Australia during the month amount to £878,694, against £915,359 in Sep- tember -- October ; decrease £36,665. To Melbourne, total value for month £489,265 against £497,249 last month. Heavy shipments of drapery and textile season goods generally. Hardware and metals lower. Oils, paints, glass, and earthenware in moderate supply. De- cline inbeer and spirits ; tobacco, though less in total, is still going freely. Malt and hops in lesser amount. To Syd- ney and Moreton Bay the exports for the past month are £316,652 against £319,341 in September -- October, decrease £2,689. The usual augmentation appears in the drapery columns. No noticeable change has taken place in oils, paints, metals, or glass. Spirits are in fair supply. Wines are much lower, and beer, both in bulk and glass, in advance of former accounts. Cau- dles remain at moderate figures for British. The Seawon from Amsterdam, Aelgedia and Pauline from Rotterdam, have cleared for Sydney, cargoes---- Geneva and candles ; and the Brederode and America from Rotterdam, with similar cargoes, cleared for Melbourne. Produce Markets.---Hides (Australian) are in good demand ; some parcels realized 4¾d. to 5d. Leather---steady demand; former rates were supported Bark not much doing; chopped, ex Strathdon, sold at £16 5s. per ton. Tallow--- Prices fluctuating ; markets closed at a general decline of 1s. to 1s. 6d. per cwt. Oils.---In fish, good business done in Southern whale at £43 to £43 10s. for single and double compass. Higher prices de- manded for whalebone. Metals.---Cop- per dull of sale ; Burra Burra sold at £100. Lead is rather scarce. Corn. ---Sales of wheat show a further decline of 2s. to 4s. on last month's prices; oats inactive. Supply of coffee extensive, sales of East India at full rates ; foreign coffee is 1s. to 2s. cheaper. Rice--- best sorts scarce. Sugar dull of sale, decline of 1s. per cwt. SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. Arrived.---Strathdon, Moravian, Aloe, Whinfel, Roxburgh Castle, steamer, Great Britain (November 20), Wellesley off Scilly on November 20. Departures for Melbourne---Tartara, Ivanhoe, Swiftsure, Royal Family, H.M.S. Eclipse, s.s. Edina Glen- dower, Thoro, Lincolnshire, Young Eng- land, Morning Light, Solway, Reigate, Camperdown, Venus, Malcolm, and Blue Jacket. For Sydney.---Spray of the Ocean, White Eagle, Vernon, Charles, Lobelia, Orwell, Minerva, Micaramus, Uraquay, White Adeo, Sir John Moore, Derwent, and Jessie Brown. COMMERCIAL TELEGRAMS. (FROM CALCUTTA CHAMBER OV COM- MERCE, DEC. 12.) Government paper, four per cent. ; five and a half rupees, to fiv e and three- fourth rupees discount. Exchange on London---First--class deposits, 2 and 3 1-16ths. Freights to London : Rice 57s. 6d. to 80s. ; jute and seed, 85s. FROM BOMBAY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE, DEC. 13. Exchange on England, 2s. ¾d. to 2s. 15-16ths. Freights to London--- Cotton, 60s to 62s. 6d., seeds, 50s to 50s. 6d. To Liverpool---Cotton, 55s. to 57s. 6d. ; seeds, 50s. to 52s. 6d. ; to China, nominal. Money easy. CHINA. PER STEAMER COLUMBEAN. Exchange at Hong Kong on London Bank bills, 4s. 7¾d. ; first-class private paper 4s. 8d. In Japan the departune from Yeddo of the nobility and their families still goes on ; a stop, it is supposed, designed to have the most important consequences. Rebel movements still continue. Everything quiet in Pekin. Nothing of importance from the northern ports. LATEST TELEGRAM. [VIA SUEZ.] LONDON, Dec. 3, 3.34 P.M. Prince Alfred of England proclaimed King of Greece by the voice of the people. Acceptance of sovereignty doubtful. France, Russia, and Bavaria very jealous. A large French naval force despatched to the Greek waters. Ratazzi Ministry resigned. Rumoured plot against the life of the French Emperor by Italians. Federals before Fredwicksburg, de- manding surrender. At the Lancashire county meeting for relief of distressed operatives, Manches- ter nobly subscribed £50,000. LOSS OF THE P. & O. STEAMER, COLOMBO. On Novomber 19 th, the Colombo, Captain Farquhar, with the October mails and passangers, en route from Galle to Suez, was wrecked at Maricoz, Laccadive Islands, passengers and crew all saved, but had a narrow escape ; mails and cargo also saved, but com- pletely saturated with salt-water. Miss. Wentworth, of Sydney, narrowly es- caped drowning. FATAL ACCIDENT .---On Monday last, a ma named John Calvert, a farm-labourr em- ployed on Mr. Huf's farm, Croxton East, was drowned while bathing in the dam on Mr. Bunworth's farm, near pierpoint. An inquest on the body was held by Mr. A. Learmouth, the district coroner, and from the evidence adduced, it appeared the deceased had been coming into Hamilton to make some pur- chases, and having to pass by the dam, he had evidently been tempted to have a bathe, and getting out of his depth, had been drowned. The man's clothes had been found on the bunk by Mr. Bunworth's son. The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally drowned." Deceased was about thirty-five years of age, and from the north of Ireland. --- Hamilton Spectator, Jan. 9. Bush-Fires.---There were several bush-fires visible diring yesterday in various parts of the district. One in the Whipstick direction attracted considerable attention, from its size and apparent proximity to the town.---- Bendigo Advertiser, Jan. 10. NOVEL USE OF A CULVERT. —A man and woman who violently assaulted Mr. B. Wheeler, of the Shamrock Hotel, on Wednes- day evening, were pursued and hid them- selves in a culvert on the Mount Alexander- road near Kyneton. The male offender was the first to issue from his novel place of refuge, but the female remained in her fortress for a considerable period, threatening destruction to anyone who should enter. Constable Grib- son at length persuaded the harpy to come to the light of the day, declaring that he would "smoke her out" if she would not come out voluntarily. The scene on the road, with the constable entreating the virago to "come out," was most ludicrous.—Kyneton Observer. Jan. 10. ACCIDENT.---On Tuesday afternoon, an acci- dent of a very serious nature befell Mr. Moets, of Tarrawingee, who was out riding, when his horse suddenly shied at a snake, and throw him with such violence that his arm was dis- located at the shoulder, and driven sme dis- tance into the body. Dr. Dobbyn was sent for, and found it necessary to administer chloro- form to his patient, in order to restore the limb to its proper position. We are informed that Mr. Moets is now in a fair way of reco- vering.--- Wangaratta Despatch, Jan. 9. SUN STROKE.---A child belonging to a Mrs. Kane, of the El Dorado, was struck down by a "coup de soleil" on Wednesday, which ended fatally. Curiously enough, at the same mo- ment that the poor child was expiring, Mrs. Kane was giving birth to another. This accid- dent affords another proof of the danger of allowing little ones to be in the open air without their heads being covered.---Ovens Advertiser, Jan, 10. 