To the Editor of the Herald. SIR,-From my having been the seconder of Mr. Brewster'a amendment at the committeo of the scab meeting, it might bo supposed (if any one, na is not likely, should suppose anything about a matter so unimportant as my individual opinion) that I deemed it expedient that the scab laws should be held in abeyanco until the oxpiration of one month after tho contemplated pasting of a proposed Amended Scab Act. I beg leave to explain that I was very far from holding any such opinion. As is well known to the chairman aod all the members of the committeo who sat, Mr. Forlonge and I wore both, strongly opposed to any further temporising with thiB bush-fire, which, if not ex- tinguished while its extinction is possible, may flare up and sweep over the whole of this oolony and Queensland ; and I especially protested against tho recom- mendation of any measures the adoption of whioh would have tho effect of giving to the scab disease-what it has not at present-a legal status in the oolony. Bnt there was such a diversity of opinion in the com- mittee, that I was glad to second Mr. Brewster'B amend- ment, and urged MT. Forlonge also to support it, not because it satisfied the opinions wa held, but as being the beet compromise that was practicable then and there, and as the nearest approximation which, under the circumstances, we could hope to achieve to wbat wa deemed a truer and safer line of policy. Probably it was with a similar viaw that Mr. Brewster proposed the atnondnient. When sheepewners from various districts of the colony, at present far remote from the infected areas, como forward and willingly oller to tax themselves to assist their loss for- tunato brethren in the prompt suppression of this plague, it is natural that they should hositate about consenting to wait to see the result of therapeutical experiments, goncrally thought futile, with the very stroDg probability before them that during their progress the number of infected stock will have been trebled, and tbo burthen of paying fer their do etiuction have become proportionally moro oppressive. It is very evident that the question of the expediency of dealing with tbo scib, by the summary and only effectual process of destroying tho infected animals, depends greatly upon the ratio their number bears to the whola quantity of the sheep stock of the country. If it should rise above a certain ratio, it would become inexpedient and unpraotical to attempt to deal v.ith the calamity in that way-it might become an absurdity. This seems to me a Btrong argument in favour of promptitude. If wo wait a while, the timo when the summary and effectual prooess is also a practical and ex- pedient one may have lapsed. Then the disease will have to bo accepted as a chronic ailment, and Now South Wales will havo to content herself with the condition of a confirmed , valetudinarian. At present we are, of course, all aoting on the assump- tion that the number of infected sheep bears as yet but an insignificant proportion to the number of the sound. Reasonably accurate information on this point is a great de lideratum. I will now tay a few words on another paint in the great question of the ecab. There is no doubt that the sheep owners of the colony are ready and willing to bear and divide among themselves the coat of the eradication ofthat peal, \- Nevertheless, it is indisputable that the question of th* preservation of the pastoral capital of the country is ona of quite a national importance-a question not affecting one CISBS exclusively, but one in whioh every clasa has a mar« or less intimate interott. Not a shopkeeper nora tradesman,'nor an operative, however humblo his position may bo, but derivos, by somo dovious rill, A cblaf portion of his profits or vmgei from the maia and most permanent ssurce of the wealth and prosperity of tho colony-her pisterai produos. In f>iof, as in ralitfontothis question, tho whole community may bo classified uadir two hoads-the few who are directly, and the many who ara indirectly interested. In face of these trite truths, patent to all, it may well bs open lo question whether it would ba quite equitable whether, at nny rat?, it would not be loss than generous, should tho colony pormit, without somi assistance from her general resources, the whole brunt of this publio misfortaao to fall on ono olass. I am, Sir, yours very truly. T. E. LANCE. Sydnoy, 6th July, 