SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 26,1864. The student of political life in Vic- toria might add much, to Wa knowledge of our habits by a tolerably attentive observation of our political history during tho last few months. The move- ments of the pure democracy might even lend a lesson to the abstract philosopher. Veiy rarely has the peculiar institution given such vivid manifestatious of its natural instincts and tendencies. Very rarely has the rise and fall of parties in a constitutional government been so interesting or instructive. Put not your trust in princes, was tho utterance of a prince. How much rea- son Mr. M'Culloch, the elect of a de- mocracy, has for transferring the warning to a democracy's favourite, may be ar- gued from a comparative retrospect, ever so slight, of his position at this moment and two months back. Two months back, the elections came on, and Mr. M'Culloch wont to the country, and the country returned him. No such success, indeed, ever attended the policy of any Ministry since the bogtnning of representative institutions. The Minis- try was first-their opponents nowhere. The ticket of protection, whether put forth under false pretences or not, had done its business well. Everything was in favour of the new platform, which was to be the stepping-stone to a radical millennium. Nothing went down with the constituencies but protection. No man, however intelligent and qualified for political life, who did not profess protectionist principles, was tolerated for one moment by any constituency, .which the prophet of the new dispensa- tion had indoctrinated, and it really seemed as if every constituency had been Jennerized. Old statesmen, old favour- ites of the people, statesmen who had endowed the people with the very power that was now wielded to their extinction; failed to make a stand against the tri- umphant career of this strange su- perstition. The league counted its victims by scores, and numbered among them the most distinguished of its opponents. The names oi Haines and Wood, the late Treasure! and the late Minister of Justice, one o: them known as the author of universa suffrage, the other as its moderator figured prominently among the sacrifice: wherewith that mysterious body inaugu rated its rites and avenged its wrongs Its champions, on the other hand, wer marshalled to success without any re ference to thoir intrinsic meriti and with a singularly liberal in terpretation of their professions. Tailor and quacks, men who had succumbe to tho goose, and geese who ha made men succumb, were duly er rolled as disciples, formally accréditée and pronounced members of the faitl At the head of the heterogeneous convc cation, Mr. M'Oulloch had nothing t embarrass him on his road to ti Treasury but' the facility with which he travelled. Never in the history of political administrations had the success been bo rapid and so complete. And now comes the reaction. It should seem as though this very success had" been a cause of the change of prospects that has set in. The victory ia too much for the conquerors. On the eve of achieving so unanimous a result, signs of dissension begin to make their appearance. Mr. M'Out-loch himself, from being the watchword of the party who put him into power, hegins to be a by-word of reproach. The party who put him into power, indeed, seem to be tho party most anxious to take power from him. It is openly averred that he has got into power by a dodge, as it is called, and suspicions are freely circulated that he is a traitor and a dissembler. Meetings are held to expose his treachery. At one meeting, a conspiracy has been de- tected in process of formation, ¡it which, drunk with coffee and high animal spirits, Kyte, ono of the conspirators, is said to have denounced the policy of the Ministry, and pro- pounded a counter policy of his own. Allegiance was thrown off without hesi- tation or reserve, and it was only through a providential disagreement among the conspirators themselves, that active hos- tilities were not declared. Thus, the bonds of political fellowship have been rudely strained, and it is not unlikely that the structure which has beeu raised with so much dexterity, will dissolve to its very base. In the meantime, not to anticipate any longer the high epic style which the future historian will doubtless give to the occasion, we might fairly indulge in a little speculation as to what Mr. M'Culloch intends to do-how ho intends to meet the emergency, how he expects to re-cement the tumbung edi- fico which his party raised, and placed him at the pinnacle. We know that ho bas done everything to avert the impend- ing ruin, and more than ho ought to have done to pieserve himself. But his patronage is small, and must soon be exhausted. Political gratitude is gratitude in the hope of favours to come, but even that principio may be abused by a political patron. We can sympathize with his reluctance to part with those favours, and can easily under- stand that when he distributes them, he makes two enemies for one adherent ; but we cannot encourage him in the practice of his thrift, satisfactory as may be its re- sults. The country, for instance, wants a Commissioner of Eoads and Railways, and every one is agreed that it is far better for the country that it should have a Commissioner of Eoads and Railways than that Mr. M'Crjr,i.ocn should have the support of Mr. Fraser and Mr. Graham Berry, As the head of a party, he has a right to use every constitutional means of keeping its members together ; but the Constitution cannot be sacrificed because his party has turned refractory, come to blows, and requires emollients. The wounds must be closed, and the disjecta memlra re-cemented, but it is by no means fair that the Treasury, should supply all the adhesive plaster. A large dose of protection would probably purge away the ill-humours that stand in the way of the sores healing, but such a sub- stitute thephysician declines to prescribe, and the patients have been warned not to expect it. For nothing can be more clear than that Mr. M'Cuixocii cannot, at the eleventh hour, recede from his resolution not to indulge the malig nants with quackery which ho does not believe in. Mr. M'Culloch, indeed, promises such a modicum of protection as is con- tained in a revision of tho tariff, but revenue, it is distinctly insisted upon, is the piimary consideration, and the revi- sion will only be framed to remove the inequalities and inequities of the existing duties, and distribute their incidence moro fairly. That this concession will satisfy his followers, and restore harmony to the once happy family which owned him as patriarch, Mr. M'Culloch himself probably does not expect. What, then, is he prepared to do ? What nostrum is ho engaged in concocting to meet the exigencies of the case 1 It is not the business of the un certificated to intrude their advice upon the accredited doctors of the constitution ; but if Mr. M'Culloch would be liberal enough to take a hint, he would throw piotection overboard, even as a pretext, and leave the protectionists to the en- joyment of their irritable tempers ! They having repudiated him ; there could bo no breach of morals if he accepted the position, and repudiated them. As a matter of policy, the move would be un- questionably a good one. He might lose the hesitating support of a section of greedy expectants, but ho would attract to his ranks those whom his pre- sent connexion with the extremists now cause to waver. Much, of course, will depend on the fiscal scheme over which his Treasurer is now said to be busy. As a rule we havo always insisted that the expenditure of this young community should bo confined within the limits of its revenue, but granting that there may be occasion to violate the rule, there Bhould not be a moment's hesitation about the legitimate way to legislate for it. The land is the natural loan- fund of the country, and the land should supply any deficiency which the country feels. A rare opportunity,' then, offers itself to Mr. M'Culloch to confound faction and conciliate all good patriots. Revenue and popularity both aro to be had on easy terms, if ho has the courage to negotiate them by draw- ing on the land, and the monopolists who pay a tithe of what they ought for its use. Precisely at the time that Protec- tion has ostensibly achieved its great triumph in Victoria, it is going out of favour in New South Wales. The fact is full of interest to the people of this colony. While Melbourne is seeking to clog its trade with artificial restrictions, Sydney is resolved to open its commerce to the world. After a brief trial of scarcely two years, the people of New South Wales have seen through the delusions of some of their popular leaders, and are returning to their senses. The general election in tho neighbouring colony is, in fact, turning Upon exactly the same point as in Victoria. Tho main issue is between Freo Trade and Protection. And already, in all the larger constituencies, tho people have pronounced most significantly in favour of the doctrine but lately so unpo- pular. In the city of Sydney and its principal suburbs, the Free-trade candidates have, in eveiy instance, been returned by large majorities. The Pre- mier himself, the Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, and the ex-Minister of Public WorkB, have already been thrown out of their seats, and it appears so certain that the final result will be to give a very largo majority to the Free- traders in the next Parliament, that the Ministry is thinking of tendering its resignation. Surely the most fanatic of our Vic toiian Protectionists ought to ponder well upon this state of things. With a far greater temptation than Victoria to try once more the protective system, as a cure for the prevailing depression with a large and increasing deficit in its Treasury, and a failing revenue-New South Wales has retraced its steps, and avows a preference for a Free-trade po- licy. This quick revulsion of feeling among our neighbours, ought to attract somo attention from our own politicians. It is for us seriously to consider whether, while New South Wales becomes every day freer in her trade, Victoria is to load herself with heavier chains. The question is one of direct interest to every class of the community-to the working men who live by the general prosperity, as well as to the capitalists and the mer- chants. Are we content to see Sydney a-free-trade port, while Melbourne has a protective tariff1! Are wo willing to give up our free commerce, and all that it brings us, for the sake of trying an ex- periment so delusive and so treacherous, as that of protection 1 Thoie is nothing more attractive than the theory which supposes that it is in the power of tho state so to regulate the employments of the people as to give every man a pleasant occupation at high wages, and yet to promote the general prosperity. But for this Utopia, are wo to give up the substantial benefits we have derived from our position as the leading com- mercial community in the southern hemisphere 1 Is commerce something which is to be put down and discouraged, as incompatible with a country's gieat neBS 1 Let us boldly say so if we are true Protectionists. The doctrines of Mr. Jenner, who believes that our im poits represent so much waste of the national wealth for the benefit of foreigners, have really no other conclu- sion but this-that we ought to dimi- nish our foreign trade, cut down tho number of our ships, and prevent our wharfs horn being too convenient. If this is to be our policy for Melbourne, it is instructivo to know that precisely the opposito one is on the point of being adopted for Sydney. " It is impossible," declares the Sydney journalist, "for " people who have built ships, wharfs, " warehouses, shops, and stores-who " have constructed docks and railroads " who bave built hamlets around the " city where not a grain of corn could " bo grown-who, in short, are one-third " of the entire population of the colony " -it is impossible for them to go for " this theory of human felicity." That is, for the paternal system which is called Protection. If we do not know what is good for Melbourne, it is abundantly clear that our neighbours are beginning to discover what is good for Sydney. They havo not the same wealth or the same natura' resources as ourselves, but they are blessed in the possession of a magnifi- cent harbour, and in all the facilities for conducting a largo foreign trade. Their best opportunity, therefore, is in a protective policy in Victoria. Every addition to our tariff is a gain to our neighbours-every restriction on com- merce in Melbourne gives an impetus to trade in Sydney. If we do not desire imports for ourselves, Sydney gives us to understand that she is willing to take them. Protection drives ships from Hobson's Bay, only to send them to Sydney harbour or to Port Adelaide. Already we have begun to feel the consequences of the disparity of tariffs. The trade of the far interior, hitherto almost monopolized by Melbourne, is passing into the hands of the merchants of Adelaide and Sydney. And any ad- dition to the tariff must tend to divert still more the stream of trade from Mel- bourne to the districts beyond the Murray. Surely it is worth our while to con- sider whether we are not abandoning a tangible and positive good, while run- ning after that mirage of a future Utopia which the Protectionists pro- mise us in the far distance. By nature Melbourne is the commercial centre of all these colonies, and the real Australasian metropolis. Wo have recognized and adopted our posi- tion, by developing our natural advan- tages at a great cO"t, and by construct- ing a splendid new highway into tho interior. But a protective policy is calculated to rob us of all these advan- tages-to throw us back in the raco with our rivals-to render our enor- mous expenditure on railways and wharfs a waste of public money. We are just beginning to reap the profits on some of our larger public works. Shall we bo content to let them ho idle while we are trying to coddle an impossible Bystem of manufactures into being? Surely commerce itself is one of the elements of a country's greatness. It is an industry at least as valuable as any other-a trade giving employ- ment to thousands of our citizens, aud by many indirect ways contributing to the wealth and the comfort of all classes of the community. And why should the various sorts of industry which de- pend upon our commerce-our ship- builders, our sailors, our wharfingers, our boatmen, our outfitters, our ship chandlers, ironmongers, sailmakers, rope makers, and carpenters-be less con- sidered than tho shoemakers or the car- riage-builders ? If it is a question of the " greatest good to the greatest mun " ber," there can be no doubt that the greatest number are those who now livo by Free Trade, and by all those indus- tries to which Free Trade has given birth. It is not only the merchant ox the trader who is benefited directly by this system. A largo class1 of working men find their immediate advantage in it j and, for their sake as well as for that of the general body of consumers, we cannot afford to depart from the policy of Free Trade. Parliament is Bummoncd for Monday next. The business on that day, however, wHllacon fined to the swearing-in uf members and the election of Spt-aker. The state opanins, when His Excellency the Governor will comedown and deliver the usual Bpeech, wiH take place, it iß understood, on Tuesday. As bo many of our legiblators are new to Parliamentary life, aprogiummo of thu formalities observe 1 ort Buch occasions will no doubt be welcome. In the first place, thon-on Monday, at twelvo o'clock at noon, the hour appointed in the Governor's proclamation members of both Houses of Parliament will assemble in their respective chambers, and the proclamation .will be lead in eacli Honco by the Clerk. The Commissioners appointed by the G yvetnor to open Purllaramt will be intioduc=d to the Legislative Council, aird, being seated, will direct tbe Unher of tho Council to inform tho Legiblativo Assembly that tho Com misfionera desire their immediate attend- ance in the Council Chamber, to hear the commission read. Upon receiving the mesFago, the Legislativo Assembly will pro cad to the Législative Council Ohamtir. The senior Commissioner will then inform the members of both Houses that His Excel- lency, not seeing fit to be preaent, ha1* caused letters Ipatent to issue under the seal of the colony constituting him and the other Coni miE'ioner tbetein mention-d, his commis eioners to do in his name all things nece2sary to be ptrfmmed io the Parliament, &o.; The letttrs patent will then ba read at length by the cltrk, after which the senior Commis- sioner will acquaint both Houses that _EIis Bxcellmcy will, at a time etoted, declare the causes of his calling the P.nliament together. Ho will also inform the members of the As- sembly that His Excellency requests that they ?will in their chamber proceed to the choice of a proper person to bo their Speaker. The members of the Assembly will then withdraw, and rtturn to their own chamber, and the Council will adjourn dutiug pleasure. Subse- quently, in the Assembly, a Commissioner will bo announced by the Sergeant-at-arms, and bo by him conducted to the chair. The Commissioner will hand to the clerk his commission from tho Governor, appointing him to administer thecath to members, and the samo will be lead by the clerk. Tho clerk will thin read the names of members, as returned on the beveral writs of elec- tion, and the members piègent will be Bworn, after which the Commissioner will retire ftom the chamber, preceded by the Bcrjtant nt-arms. A member (standing ia his place) will then address himself to the clerk, and propose to the House some other member then present, and move that he " do take the chair of this House as Speaker," .which motion will ba seconded by another merubtr. If no other candidate be proposed, then the House will call upon tho member nominated by name, when he will rise in his place, and express his sense of the honour propored to be conferred upon him, and submit himself to the will of tho Hou3e. When there is but one candidate, no ques- tion is put ; but the merabar proposed being again called by the House, is con- ducted to the chair by bis proposer and seconder, and, standing upon the etep3, makes his acknowledgements. Should there be a second candidate for the chair, a similar motion will be made and seconded. Both candidates will then address the House, and a question will be put by the clerk, that the member firnt proposed " do take the chair c^ this House as Speaker," and, if the answer b3 in the affirmative, the member will ba con- ducted to the chair ; if in the negative, a simi- lar question will ba put in relation to tho other candidate. The Sp.aker elect, on bein-j conducted to the chair, stands on the upper step and expresses his humble acknowledge- ments for the high honour the House baa bein phased to confer upon him, and then takes his seat. The mac-*, which up to this time is under tim table, is then laid upon tlie table, and the Speaker elect is congratulated by one or two leading mem- bers. The House is 'then usually informed when the Governor will receive the Speaker, and will adjourn until that time-generally the next day, at twelvo o'clock. On assem- bling at the time appointed, tho House will proceed to Government house, where the Speaker, supported by his proposer and se- conder, and accompanied by tho members, will present himself to the Governot as the choice of the Legislative Assembly, The Go- vernor, having addressed the Sneaker in reply, the Speaker and members will return to the Assembly Chamtar, when a member of the Government will acquaint the House of the time when His Excellency willopen thoParlia ment.inperson or by commission ,and will move on adjournment accordingly. Atthetime thus fixed, tho House will meet. The Speaker will take the chair, and await the arrival of a mes- sage from the Governor. This will bo brought by the Usher of the Legiblative Council, and thereupon the Speaker, with the House, will go up to the bar of the Leglelative Council. His Excellency will then read a Bpesch to both Houses, a copy of which will be de- livered to the Speaker, w ho, with the member?, will îeturn to their own chamlnr. The Speaker doe3 not, however, take the chair, but passes through the House, and doe3 not sit until four o'clock. This is to allow time for a consideration of the Governor's sp:ech, and of the steps, if any, necesstry to ba adopted in relation thereto. The chair will ha taken at four o'clock, and tho House will ba then in a position to enter upon business. Notices of motion, &c;, are usually then given, and a bill is read a first time. The Speaker, also, at this time, notifies tho receipt of a commission from tho Governor empowering him to ad- minister oaths to members. The Speaker then reads the Governor's speech, and a reso- lution for an address in reply is moved. The ordinary business is then proceeded with. The approaching departure, on a visit to his native country, of the Very Rev. Hussey Burgh Macartney, DD., Dean and Arch- deacon of Melbourne, and late Vicar-General of the Diocese, has led his personal friends and well-wishers to present him with a testi- monial. The ceremony of presentatlon took place yesterday, at the Bishop's Registry, in the presence of about twenty clergymen, half that number of laymen, including some of the principal residents in the place, and several ladies. The Chief Justice presided. The testimonial assumed the form of a handsome silver salver, a writing desk, and a purse of 306 sovereigns. These were delivered over by Judge Pohlman, in a speech which was a little interrupted by the emotion of the speaker, as he dwelt on the uninterrupted friendship he had enjoyed with him who was leaving. Dr. Cairns followed, expressing the warm regard he and his "people" had for the dean. The latter replied but briefly, as he found himself utterly unable to do more than repeat over and over again his sense of the kindness shown to him. The trial of mowing machines for the prize -offered at the National Agricultural Show took place yesterday in a field of oatB in the occupation of Mr. John GasBon, of Essendon, Five machinc3 competed, and tho premium was awarded to a now invention by Messrj. T. Bobinson and Co., of Melbourne. The trial of horse hay rakes t:ok place in the same field. Mr. John Weat, of Eciendon, carried off the Board of Agriculture's £10 prize, and a rake manufasturcd by Mr. B. Mounsey, of Tullamarine, wa3 highly com- mended. Only thrco wera bronsht for trial. No dato lies yet b:on fixed for the trial of reaping machines. A public dinner to tho members for St. Kilda district (Mr. Archibald Michie and Mr. J. B. Crews), will be given at the Town-hall Prahran, on Monday evening. A meeting of the directors of tho Now Zea- land Bivers Gold Mining Company was held yesterday evening, at their offics, 75 Spring street. The trial submarine boat was ordered, and is to b3 finished at tho foundry of Mr. A. K. Smith. It is expected that the boat will be ready about Christmas for its first trial in tho Yarra er Hoh-on's Bay. We are requested to stata that a flowor show will he held to day in the School roam, Begcnt-strcet, Abbotsford on b:half of tho building fund of St. Philip's Church, East Collingwood. Selections of vc:al and instru- mental music, by members of tho choir and others, will bo given during the evening. Tho show will last from two to ton p.m. Several of the pot plants bouquets, &c;, will be told for tho benefit of the fund. Sermona on behalf of tho Sunday-school will bo preached to morrow at St. Thomas's Church, Ebsendon ; in tho morning, by tbo Eev. Bobert Barlow, of St. Mark's, Fitzroy; and in the evening, by the Rev. W. Byrnes, of St. Mary's, Hotham. Yesterday aft.rnoon, as tho three o'clook train for Hawthorn wai approaching tho Church-ntrcet Station, a man, whoso name was not [known, was seen lo walk down ono of the embankments, and to lay his head on one of the rails in front of the advancing train. Steam val shut off, and endeavours 1 made to stop the train, but the engine arrived at the Bpot with sufficient motion upon it to strike the .man a sevoie blow on the head, which knocked him off tho rails. When taken up, he was seen to havô some rather severe cuts upon tho hoad, but was not seriously in injured. Ho was taken to the waterhouse, From the statement of his wife, it seemed that he had been for some time in a delirious Etato, and bad taken the opportunity oi hor absence to make his escape from hot care. The honorary certificates awarded at the last Bhow of the Victorian Poultry Societj can now be obtuined on application to the secretary. Mr. H. Pewtress. The certificate is an appropriate and tasteful affair, exécutée in lithography by Mr. Charles Jackson, o Queen-street, from a design by Mr. Pewtress. Tho Black Ball steamer Great Victoria wa1 telegraphed off the Otway at three p.m. yes terday, after a good run of soventy-threi days S Her tcrew-propeller is reported ni damaged, and this has doubtless prolonge: her passage. An amateur musical entertainment wa given to the inmates of the Bonevolent Asy lum on Thuuday evening. Madame Stutta ford presided at the pianoforto, and wa assisted by Mr. Stuttaford and Mr. Wigloj The latter gent'oman played several delight ful Eolos on the violin. Mr. T P. Hill gav somo of his readings from popular wrii3i£ Several of tho inmates volunteered songs and altogethor*a mo3t agreeable evening wa Bpent. Mr. Thomas Dickson, in conveyin the thanks of the SCO inmates assembled t the performers, intimated that several friend had promised asimilar concert about Chris! mas. By proclamation, which appeared in th Government Gazette last ovoning, the boroug of Richmond is divided into thrc; wards tbe Bonlb, csnttal, and north. A special meeting of the Scarsdale Grea Extended Gold-mining Company (llmibc was held, at the offices, C1 Ehzabeth-stree yesterday afternoon ; Mr, T. Loader (chai: mon of the directors) presiding. The fir: business before tho meeting was to confirm resolution adopted at a special meeting o the 18tb, altering nile 5, so as to render It i conformity with another rule of tho con pnny's deed of settlement, setting forth ti proportion of thaïes represented in virtv of which resolutions might ha frame and passed. Tbo resolution adopted c the previous meeting was confirmed. TI next busineEB was to consider a resoh tion increasing the capital of tho company I ¡£60,C0O. Mr. J. Brown proposed a motion, i the effect that the capital of the company 1 increased to the amount named. The motlc was seconded hy Mr. 0. Skarratt, and carr« unanimously. Tho chairman then pointe out that it was for the meeting to Bay ho the capital should be raised, in accord am with the previous resolution, After son conversation on the subject, Mr. Edwai Stevens moved, "That such capital of £50,0! shall be composed of 5,000 shares, at £'. each ; that the existing shares of £60 each 1 cancelled, and theso bo issued to tho holde in lieu thereof, in the proportion of ton no shares (upon which the sum of £5 per aha will be considered as paid up) for ovei present Ecrip thoy now hold." Mr. Jol: M'Liod seconded the motion, which wi carried unanimously. Mr. Hornby tht moved that no call should oxceed 10s. p eli oro in amount; while no call should 1 made oftener than once in threo mouth Tbo motion was seconded by Mr. J. Grdhai and adopted. On the motion of Mr. . Cook, Mr. Graham bijing the seconder, it w resolved that the company should be rec' teied under tho " Mining Companies Lltnlti Liability Act, 1862." Mr. O. B. Day nex t move " That in ordor to carry out the precedii resolutions the solicitor of tho company ; instructed to alter clauses 6 and 29, and sue other clauses in the deed of settlement might require alteration in accordance wi the determination of tho meeting." Mr. A. Brown seconded the motion, which w carried unanimously. A voto of thanks the chairman terminated the proceedings. On Thursday evening last a mooting of ti tho Match Committee of the East 0< Hngwood Rifle Corp3 was held, for ti purpose of adopting rules, &c.; A ami entrance - fee and monthly subpcriptio which should form the nucleus of fund to he peiiodically divided into priz for rifle shooting, were decided upon ; ni Sergeant J. G. Pcttet was appointed tre surer. The newly-formed ground of the Wai housemen's Cricket Club will ba opea this afternoon at two o'clock, by a mate sides to be chosen by the president and vit president of the club. Tho quoit grout will also bo opened, and it is oxpectcd th lhere will bo a very large gathering of mer bers and friends. Luncheon will ba pt vided. The Gipps Land Times says:-"Wo undi stand that the contracts for carrying t Bairnsdale and Crooked Biver mails ha been taken by Meeirs. Meigs and Andera (Cobb and Co), and that it is thoir intontli to have coaches upon both lines of road." A fire broke ont at balf-paBt eleven yesti day morning at the stables of Meesr?. Waite Boulton, and Co. (wholesale grocers), situât in Flinders-lane east. The progress of t fire was so rapid as to complete the destructl of the building before the exertions of t city fire brigade, who were promptly on t spot, Buceeeded iu extinguishing tho flaws. Two valuable horses and a quantity of harness were consumed in the burning build- ing. The property was insured. The damage is estimated at £250. A remarkable application was made to Mr. Justice Molesworth, in chambers, on Thurs- day last. Mr. George Griffiths, a shareholder of and derxitor in the Provident Institute, applied, through his attorney (Mr. Pavey), for payment of dividend due ia re3peot of his deposits, for which ho had proved on tho estate in insolvency. After a little argument pro and con., his Honour made the following order :-" That Messrs. Courtney and Lang- lands, assignees of the said catate, foithwith pay to George Griffiths, a creditor who has proved his debt againBt tho said catato, the amount of dividend due to him in respect of his debt, such payment to bo without preju- dice to the liability of tho said Georgo Grif- fiths as a contributary." This will probably bo of considerable interest to other share- holders. In the Supreme Court yesterday, baforo the full Court, it was decided, in tho case of Fel- lows v. the Board of Land and Works, that the Yan Yean Commissioners can chargo an oc- cupant for water whether lie uses it or not. if supply pipes are laid down to his promisiS. Mr. T. H. Fellows not requhiug the Yan Yean water had given a notice of his inten- tion to discontinue the use of it, and had removed the service pipe, &c;, laid cn wilhin his premises. The commissioners contended that the supply waB compulsory, and that if they laid on ft service so as t3 bring a supply to any premise's, the occupant must pty, though he decline to use. The Court hold that, though English legislation for the Eng- lish caBC-generally that of a private oom pany.snpplyingindividuals-had been adopted for the Victorian case-fiat of a public under- taking under public management to supply a public want-without the fullest and mo3t careful adaptation been used, yet tho lan- guage and intention wore on the whole suffi ckntly clear, and the defendants' view was the right one. A man named Webb, keeper of someoyster rooms in Bourkc-atreer, was summoned before the District Court yc3terday, charged with seUicg oysters during the cloco season. In- spector Hbtc, who laid the information, stated that after the oyster season was c!o3cd, he saw somo "mud oystaiB" oxposcd for sale in defendant's window. Ho Baw some of tho same kind there again on the 5th of No- vember, Oysters of the B&me; description can be got within the colony, at Western Port and Geelong, On behalf of the defondant, it was at once admitted that the oysters had been Bold as stated, but it was alleged that they were imported from Tasmania, and it was contended that the act did not apply to oysters imported hore a3 merchandise. The Bench, however, held that the act made no such exception, and remarked that the sale ol the Sydney rock oysteu was not interfered with simply because it was known that there were none of that description found in this colony. On the defendantgiving his assurance that he would comply with the act in future, Mr. Hare professed himself quite satisfied, and the complaint wa? withdrawn. In the suit of Sarah Ward ti. Lieut. Brooke, for maintenance, heard on Thursday in the District Court, tho decision of the Bonch, which for the time wai reserved, wai after- wards given in favour of the defendant. Tht presiding magistrats (Mr. Heakett, P.M.' quoted the case of R-v. Flinton, 1 B anc Ad., 227, and held that, according to thi ruling of the Court upon that case, the do fendant was not liable for the support of thi child. Consequently, tho cese was dismissed with £1 Is. costs. Owing to the depredations commitlad b: stray goat3 in St. Kilda on all gardens ti which they could gain access, the local au thoritics aro detci mined to appeao in aoim measure tho irritation and annoyance t< whioh householders delighting in flowors ar< subjected by tho nibbling propensities o thcEO oflending quadrupeds. At tho police court yesterday, ten defendants woro sum moncd for allowing no less than twenty-fou goats to bo at large ; and the Bench inflicte: fines ranging from 5s. to 353., according to th number of goats belonging to each defendant At the same court, a cabman, for plying fo hire off the proper aland, was fined 63. ; an< a number of actions for the recovery of pett: debts were also dealt with. There were a number of trifling cases at th East Collingwood Police Court yestorday Thomas Hodgkinson and Emile Toussain were charged with being drunk and disorderls and were each fined 5s., or twenty-four hour« imprisonment. James Loney and Bridge Loney were charged with committing a1 assault, but the consideration of the case wa postponed for seven days. Two boys, namei respectively John Huxley and Frederick Ra« were brought up on a charge of having mad their escape from an industrial school. The: wore ordered to bo sent back to the sohoal John Mooney was charged, on remand, witl having dono wilful damage to the propert; of James Breeze. It appeared from the evi dence that the quarrel out of which th charge arose was occasioned by some rathe disreputable circumstances. The defendan was fined £5, and ordered to pay 27s. damngef and £2 32s. costs, with tho alternative, in de fault of payment, of three months' imprison ment. Tho presiding magistrates were Mess« Fawkner, Cope, Greenwood, and Thomas. By the Coorong wo havo papers from Ade laide to the 23rd inst. The Kooringa corn epondent of the S. A. Register, writing on th 21st inst., says:-"On Saturday a large am very oxtensive bush-fire was observed on th Gum Creek Station, which soon spread ove the hill down towards Copperhouse, in th direction of the company's fonce, where number of mon from the mino had been oen to provent its entering the paddock ; it tho: turned and spread its ravages to the north eaBt, towards Mr. Viokery's, the whole c which severely suffered. Mr. Haliett's ru: ako was on fire ; Capt. Eilllcoat's parchase land, Mr. Gehhardt's, and Mount Bryar It was still continuing last night in th same diiection. I have not heard as yet i any of the stock has been burnt, although i is feared that some have suffered. The prk cipal runs that have suffered are Booboorc wie, Gum Creek, Wiidoto, and Wandilla! with the purchased land of Messrs. Gehhard Killicoat, and also the runs of Mr. Barke and Mount Bryan. It is the largest firo, an the one that has como nearest the townshii for many years." By the Black Swan, we havo Tasmania papers to the 28rd inst. The Hobart Tow Mercury, of that date, says :-" The Balmon or rather the parr, nt our breeding establisl ment on the Plenty have now found thei way into the large pond prepare! for thei reception below the hatohing boxes, and at progressing iu a highly satisfactory manuel During the last fortnight they have fe eagerly, and have perceptibly increased i size, though their growth, up to the presen time, has not been so rapid as that of th trout. For the trout, a serpentine pone seventy yards long, varying from ton t twelve feet in width, and leading into th ronnd clearing pond, has been constructed The upper part of this serpentine pond cor slate of a series of shallow gravelly rapidi with hero and thero a few larger stones. Tin tront evidently appreciate the arrangement made for them, as in fino weather a few ar constantly to ba scan darting off tho rapids to i ho friendly shelter of tho larger stones. Many of them are from two to thies iuchc3 in length. As thoy have ample room, thoy will bo kept whoro they aro till they become spawning fish, which will probably bo ia the autumn oí 1866." At tho Williamstown Polico Court yester- day, Allen Blane and Richard Watti, two s ja merj, wero charged with refusing to obey orders on board the ship Tudor, and imped- ing tho navigation of tbo vessel. Blane was also charged with attempting to stab tho master, and Watts with striking Mr. Pilot Robertson. According to the evidenco, tho Tudor left Hobson's Bay on the 22nd inst., and the same evening anchored nuar the In- dented Heads. About two o'clock on the fol- lowing morning, the prisoners wera detected in lowering a boat, containing their clothing and a quantity of provisions, when tho captain ordered them back into their berths. They complied, but afterwards refused to go to work, and Watt3 struck the pilot. The captain, hearing a disturbance, carne out of his cabin, and seized Watt", with the intention of putting him in irons, upon whioh Blane drew his sheath-knifo, and said he would run tho captain through. The letter then steppad into the cuddy, and, bringing out a revolver, levelled it at Blane, aud fired it off, as he said, with a view t3 frighten him; but the ruffian was not ti b2 Intimidated. He swore that he would rip the captain up, or any one else that interfered, and called upon Watt3 to "out with his knife, and stick it into him." The prisoners were then left to themselves, and ui the crew refused to go to sea, the vessel returned to her moorings lu Hob3on's Bjy. The pri- soners, who excused themselvci by saying that they had not beon wall treated, were each scntsuced to twenty-four weeks' hard labour in the Melbourne Gio!. Nine other seamen, belonging to the samo ve:sel, were charged with Insubordination, but wore dis- charged on promiëiug to return to their duty, Mersrs. Call, Mason, and Woods ware the ma- gistrates precent. The grand match between twelve player! of the Guildford, and twelve of the Colling wood and Gealong Club3, came off yesterdaj afternoon at Kelly's Crown Hotel quoit'mg grounds, Geelong. The result was-Guild ford, 410; Collingwood and Gelons, 372 majority for Guildford, 38. Tho follow ing are the different chores :-Gulldford Dallas, 21 ; Galbraith, 41 ; Turvey, 41 ; Tre ginning, 12 ; Telfer, 41 ; Milson, 23 ; M'El henery, 41 ; Morrison, 41 ; Flamin?, 41 ; M'H wrick, 26; Garnor, 41; M'llwrick, 41. Tot-.l 410\. Collingwood and Geelong- Hyde, j un. 41 ; Ashton, l8 ; Kidney, 40 ; Brearley, 41 Templeton, 31 ; Hawkes, 41 ; Kelly, 21 ; Sharp 31; Collidge, 25; Young, 41; Hyde, c;u., 14 King, 25. Total, 372. Ia tho evening up wards of sixty of the members dined togathe at the Crown Hotel. The number of signatures attached tD th Ballarat ladies' petition against the continu nnce of transportation to Australia-whlcl goes homo by this mail-is 2,237. A Smythes dale petition (according to the Grenaille Adoi cate) has been signed by nearly every femal in that district. At the weekly meeting of the exccutivi committee of the Immigrants' Aid Scrietj held on Friday, the superintendent made th following return ¡-Number of inmates in tb home, as reported kit week, 201 ; admitte since," 51 ; persons who have received ou door relief, 274, or C7 familin, Total ri llevcd, 629. Discharged from the hon during the week, 62. Total it prefer, remaining, 193; number stonebreaking, f oaknm-pickln;, 12. Au inquest waßheld ycterday by the eil coroner, at the Lincmhire Hotel, Litt Bourke street, up:ra the bc3y of a woma named Margaret Roy, who died there vor suddonly on the previous evening. It ai pearcl from the evidence that dcceai: I ha for some time beon kept by a Chinama who, as one of the witnesses expressed hersol had "given her up'' about six weeks sine when deceased took to drinking, and had bec drinking very hard ever since. On Thursdc afterncon she, with another woman and Chinaman, sat dilnking in a room at th hotel till the two other paitics went awi leaving deceased alone in the room. She he beforo they left laid her head down on ti table, and was seen in that position at hal past six o'clock by the landlord. At aboi seven o'clock, when the woman who had bee formerly in deceased's company returned the room, she found deceased lying upon ti floor, near the fireplace, quita dead. Aft hearing the evidence of Mr. F. T. W. For surgeon, who made the post-mortem examin tion of the body, the jury found that deceasi died from apoplexy, biought on by consta intoxication, A public meeting was hold, at the Alblc Hotel, Bendigo, on Thursday evening, i consider the desirability of forming society for providing pecuniary assistance f miners in case of accident, and also for ti widows and children of men killed in min and by mining machinery. Mr. T, Burro« presided. A íesolution approving of ti object of the meeting was agreed to, an! committee was appointed to frame a scheme. A municipal muff cricket match took pla at Sandhurst on Thursday. The opposlr sides were the Borough Counolis of San hurst and Inglewood. Tho former were vi torions. The match was in aid of the furn of the Bendigo Hospital and Benevolei Asylum. The Border Post gives ourronoy to a repo that Mr. G. Milner Stephen will becomo candidato for the representation of the Hun district in the Sydney Legislature. The Ballarat monument to Burke ar Wills íb likely to he finished, after all. A cording to the Star, a proposal has boen mai " to take off tho upper two or threo courses stone on the present block at tho intersectio of Sturt and Lydiard streets, and to erect c the remainder a fountain, with an inscribí marble elah let into the block." This, it a pears, can bo accomplished by means of small subscription supplementary to ti funds In hand. A writer in a Dunedin "price current discoursing on the necessity for opening ti ports in Otago for tho admission of cattl makes the following startling statement : " The fact of.' our loss since the 1st Januai -between 6,000 and C.00O of our population muBt prove a startling fact in favour of che: food, especially meat. That a labourer : Victoria can live batter on ás. a day noboc can deny. The starving thousands in th colony will not adventure here whilst sur. high prices exist, and it is even now a pr hiern whether many of our oxtstinpc popul tion cannot find a more comfortable exie ence elsowhcro than here." The Ballarat Fire Brigade celebrate! the eighth anniversary on Thursday. A masonio ball took placo on Wedneidc evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, Gcclon It is said that Mr. G. S. Lang has bee invited, and has declined, to contest the r presentation of Deniliquin and the Murri district in the Sydney Legislature. The Government havo offered a reward £20 for the discovery of the mother of newly-born femalo child, whose body w, fonnd on the morning of the 29th October, i a water-closet in a right-of-way off Litt Lonsdale-street. < The Government have offered a reward £50, supplementary to that of the samo amount offered by the managers of Hardie's hill Farmers Common, for the detection of the writer of a letter, dated tho 12th of Octo- ber, Bigned " A Gcad Shot," followed by a drawing of a coffin, and throataning the life of Mr. Hitchcock, the herdsman of the Bald common. Mr. Jefferson appeared in two characters at the Theatre Royal yciterdoy evening Asa Trenchard, and Timothy, in " The Toodles." Notwithstanding the inolomenoy of the weather, the attendance was excellout. This evening Bulwer Lytton'a favourite comedy "Money " is to bo produced, with an admirable cast, including Mr. Barry Sullivan as Evelyn, and Mr. Jefferson as Grave3. The clever performance of the Lsnton troupe has proved a decided hit. ThoHty market Theatre is nightly crowded with visito« who aro liberal in their plaudits, and certainly the elegance and dash these accom- plished gymnasts display are worthy of acknowledgement. Mr. Nelson's performance on the rock- harmonicon prove3 highly accept- able; his imitation of the chimes must in- deed ha pronounced porfect. Yesterday even- ing he was warmly encored. Previous to the drawing-room entertainment, Lady Don ap- peared in her favourite part of Josephine, the child of the rogiment ; she rattled through the dialogue with accustomod spirit, and sang the incidental munie with great effect. 