LITERARY NOTICES. The short tale, 'Brother Jacob,' in the Corn hill for June is said to be by George Eliot, and is the gem of the magazines of the month. . Next to this is. an article in Macmillan on Nathaniel Haw thorne,, by Mr Edward Dicey. We cannot resist extracting the following anecdote — so characteristic of the man, his intellectual hesitancy and his habit of delay, which some people called laziness : — ' On the last evening that I passed there I remem ber that our talk rambled, after many things, as men's talk often will, to the question of what was to happen to us when life is over. We were speaking of the spiritualist creed, that existence recommences, under another form, the . moment after death. ' Ah !' said Hawthorne, half -laughing, half seriously, ' I hope there will be a break. A couple of thousand years or so of sleep is the least that I can do with before I begin life again.' He was utterly un-Amorican in look — unlike, that is, the normal Yankee type, as we picture it to ourselves. As I write, I can see him now, with that grand broad forehead, fringed scantily by the loose, worn, wavy hair, passing from black to grey, with the deep-sunk flashing eyes— sometimes bright, sometimes sad, and always distraitlook ins — as if they saw something beyond what common eyes could see, and with the soft feminine mouth, which, at its master's bidding — or, rather, at the bidding of some thought over which' its master had no control- — could smile so wondrous pleasantly.' Several rivals to Mr Banting have appeared. The medical profession are not all pleased to find the public listening to a tradesman before them. Another ?work on the reduction of stoutness, entitled, 'Egypt — Chapters from an Autobiography,' will shortly be published by Mr Tweedie. Mr Banting's tract, which first of all appeared as a privately-printed production, for distribution amongst the author's friends and acquaintances, has just been translated into French. Mr Banting is about to bring before the notice of the public a scheme for the establish ment of a convalescent hospital. Mr Mudie's library has passed into the hands of a limited liability company.' The property has been divided into £100,000 worth of shares ; and of this sum Mr Mudie retains possession of £50,000. Some part of the second £50,000 has been subscribed by Mr Murray and other publishers ; and the remain ing part will be offered to the general public. Mr jvludie continues his services and powers, as manag ing director, at a salary of £1000 a year. The well known author, Mr Thomas Colley Grattan, has just died, at the' age of sixty-eight. Mr Grattan, who was born in Dublin, in 1796, was the son of Mr Colley Grattan, of Edenderry, King's County. He was intended for the profession of the law, but, having an uncle and two cousins in the army (one, Major Grattan, commanded the Royal Irish in the East Indies and in China), he entered the militia in the hope of getting a commission. He volunteered into the South' American ariny in the war of independence against the yoke of Spain,' but, on marrying a Miss O'Donnell, he left the service and settled in the south of Franco. In 1819 ho produced ' Philibert,' a poetical romance, in the style of Scott — longo in tervallo, however — which was not successful. He then removed his establishment to Paris, and made acquaintance with Beranger, Casimir Perier, Moore. Washington Irving, Lamartine, and other distin guished men, and became a regular contributor to Edinburgh Review and to the New Monthly Maga zine, then under the editorship of Thomas Campbell. In 1823 appeared 'Highways and Byeways, by a Walking Gentleman,' the work by which Mr Grat tan will be best remembered; .This book had a great sale, and brought the author many offers from the booksellers, which induced him to bring out a second and third series. Then he produced in succession ' Ben Nazir the Saracen,' a play written for Kean (after which ha left Boulogne, where he had been Hying, for Brus sels), ' Tales of Men and Citios ' (1829),- ' Traits of Travel,' V The Heiress of Bruges ' (1831), 'The History of the Netherlands,' ' Jacqueline of Hol land ' (1831), which latter caused his expulsion from Brussels during the revolution, and' his residence ur Holland and Heidelberg, where he wrote his ' Legends of the Rhine' and ' Agnes de Mans feldt.' On the accession of Prince- Leopold of Saxe-Coburg to the newly- created throne of Bel gium, Mr Grattan returned to Brussels, and in 1839 was appointed, at the special request of his Majesty, British Consul at Boston. His new offioe brought out his talent in a new direc tion, and his pamphlet on the boundary question , in Amenoa. In 1848 he was permitted, as a favor, to resign his office to his son, who- had been acting as his deputy, and he was appointed a gentle man of the Privy Chamber in the Royal- household. Mr Grattan has elso written ' Civilised America,' 'Women of Color,' ' The Cagot's Port' and the Conscript's Bride' (1847), ' England and the' Dis rupted States of America' (1861), 'Beaton Paths, and Those who Trod Them' (1.8(52), &c.; His per sonal reminiscences were very interesting, and con tain many curious anecdoteB about men and manners in various countries. Mr Grattan expired, after a severe illness, at his residence in Jermyn street. The liealm, the latest conservative weekly paper, has met with no better success than most of its predecessors of the same political principles, and, after an existence of some fire months, has expired, giving ' no sign.' The Qid has also been discon tinued, muoh to the surprise of Belgravia and the clubs, Although but recently sturted it had been a }*M BUQfiystf from tUe first, N.Q laBbionablp draw. ing room was complete without it. Its scanty pages and high price show (hat it was '.'not intended for the general .public. In fact, it maybe said to have been 'printed for private circulation1' among a certain exclusive clique. But the Owl has become famous. An Emperor's confiden tial Minister has thought fit to reply to its state ments, and everybody took to having it sent to them. The projectors found that that which was intended to amuse themselves and make sport of Lord-Russell became a very profitable undertaking. The reason given for this extraordinary retirement into private life is that the public cannot discern between chaff and wheat, jest and earnest, and that they have, in their dread of being taken in, withholden credence from important diplomatic revelations, snch as the Morning Post (with which the Owl is partly, con nected) has lately published. It has been hinted, on the other hand, that the extreme sharpness of its criticism, may have proved so inconvenient that a hint from head quarters may have .been advisable. ; It is understood, however, that the Owl. will appear at the commencement of next I' season.' . Tennyson's new volume has not yet made its ap pearance, though daily expected. The 'Idylls of the Hearth' is understood, to have been the title originally chosen, but it is said that it is now to be ' Enoch Arden,' as this is the . principal poem in the book. ' Enoch Arden' tells the touching stoiy of the return of a mariner long supposed to have been lost at sea. He comes back, unheralded and alone, and, looking by night into his cottage window, finds his old love married to another hus band, and happy in her new ties and duties. :Ho determines not. to break up thi3 happy homo, j where there is no place for him, and goes away without revealing himself. This is a .story full of the elements of home love . and tenderness and pity, which Tennyson can wield so well. There is another story, of rustic Lincolnshire life, with personages and dialect taken from the life ; ? the beautiful poem of the grand mother, reprinted from Once a Week; the ' Sea stow.' f rom Macmillan: and the ' Boadicea' and ' Tithonus'— the latter a reprint from the Corn- . hill ; the former long since written, but not pub lished till now. ? . ? ? ? M. Renan's ' Life of Jesus,' which had been seized at Munich, has been restored to circulation by a decree of the Appeal Court of, the province of Upper Bavaria.- ..-.-?. Mr Joseph A. Schoville, who has earned an un enviable notoriety by his letters from New York to the London Herald under the signature of 'Man- hattan,' died at the Brandreth House, New York, on the 25th of June last, of congestion of the bowels, at- the age of fifty years. The American Publishers' Circular says of Manhattan's recent novel: — 'A novel, in three volumes, entitled ' Marion,' is published in London as a panorama of American life, by Manhattan, the Confederate cor respondent of the London Morning Herald. It is a reprint, with the name changed, of a tale called 'iVigor,' by Walter Barrett Clerk, which a respectable New York publisher sent out with his own, imprint, . but immediately withdrew from circulation and his list.' . , ' '..-.: ? ..-' Another new novel, by the ton. Mrs Yelvertori, ' , is announced, with the title of ''Life' in the Squares.' ; ? In the 'Passages of a Working Life, 'by Mr Charles Knight, we find the following account of what remains of dear old Jeremy Bentham:-^— ' Dr. Southwood Smith had been the intimate friend of Jeremy Bentham. It was the wish nf the venerable philosopher that his body should be dis sected, and for that purpose he left it to the en lightened physician who had been his attendant at the time of his death. Having called upon Dr. Smith at his house iu the city, as I was going away he said, iu his quiet manner, ' Would you like to see Bentham ? ' I could not quite comprehend him; but leading the way into his hall, he un locked, with a small key that hung to his watcb- chain, a mahogany case, something like the sedan chair of a past generation. Behind an inner covering of plate- glass sat the figure of the old jurist in the identical clothes which he had worn living ; a waxen face, round which was clustering the white hair, covered with his well-known broad-brimmed hat, and he leant on the trusty stick with which he had so often paced the Green Park. I long stood absorbed . in many thoughts of the great man's career. Dr. Smith withdrew the glass, opened the few buttons of the waistcoat, and then showed the siceieton, wnicn preacneu me same lesson io me pride of human wisdom as the skull of ' poor Yorick' did to the gibes that were wont ' to set the table in a roar.' Wo extract the following notice of Mr W. Strutt s picture, 'Black Thursday in Australia,' now ex hibiting in London, from the 'Weekly .Dispatch :—? ' A somewhat remarkable picture is now exhibiting at the Scandinavian Gallery in the Haymarket. ,'jt is the representation of a terrible episode in the annals of the colony of Victoria— the great bush-fire of Thursday, 6th February, 1851., Mr William Howitt contributed an account of the fearful, disas ter to Household Words, and probably many of the readers of that periodical still remember the thrilling narrative. The Melbourne newspapers of the time describe the fire as extending over an immense district. One writer says ho rode for fifty miles with fire raging on each side of hi3 route. Others de'scribo. the flight of the terror stricken birds, ther kangaroos and tho domestic cattle and horses. Far put at' sea the intense heat was felt, and wearied birds fell dead on the decks of the coasting vessels. The settlers lost all their property, and many barely escaped with thoir lives. Probably many perished. There were scenes such as none but dwellers in remote and wild lands can conceive. No resource but sudden flight— a race with fire. To halt was to die ; and whon the flames had spent their fury, tho spots which a few hours before were cultivated- settlement, were blackened patches, littered with smoky ruins and the scorched carcasses of the cattle and sheep which had formed tho squatters' wealth. Mr W. Strutt, who long resided, in Australia, and is familiar with every aspect of colonial life, has undertaken to represeut some of the appalling episodes of the great catastrophe ; and his work is now on view in the Scandinavian Gal lery — rather out of place among tho pictures by foreign artists. Had it won admission into the Royal Academy, it would, we believe, have attrnoted attention, by tho expression of tho figures, more by, the appalling interest of the subject, the earnestness of the attempt to depict it, and tho reality of its locnl elements. The picture represents the flight of families of colonists from the advonc'-. ing flume. One man cavrios before him—i on an affrighted horse, whioh, with distended RQBtctt fi«(] hjQQ.dsh.Qf; pyo, plunges. mfld,ly forward — his wife, and ia closely followed by a native stockman, who bears a child behind him. Bullock drays, laden, with women and children, are crowding into dire confusion. The wretched beasts, wild with terror, are urged by the long stock whips of the excited drivers. Some have fallen on the road, and while the men goad them to rise — themselves overcome with the terror which has made the oxen unmanageable — the wretched families in the waesons gaze back, paralysed with fear, on the i lurid clouds behind. Women on foot are dragging children along the rugged road, nearly trampled npon by the' confused throng of fugitives ; oxen and sheep, panting with thirst and fear, plunge over each other, or fall and are trodden under foot by the swift advance. On one side i3 a troop of horses, broken loose, or mercifully released to try the chanoe of flight, leaping; with long bounds to escape the flames which 'their instinct tells them are chasings them to the death; and on the other are terrified . kangaroos, their strange forms seen dimly through the hot miat. Flocks of affrighted birds — cranes, ' bright plumaged parrots, the 'native companion,' the ' laughing jackasB '—are winging through the air, and some, failing of wing, are lying dead iii the foreground of the picture. The panic-stricken throng appears to be advancing towards the spectators. In the foreground are the fragments of a brokan dray and the skeletons of oxen, the relics of some former travellers on the dreary road;- and on the' right of the picture the iresh traces 01 an encampment, which has been deserted, the tent blown away, and the few articles of household comfort exposed. There, in the very track of the fugitives, are the boxes and blankets, the books, the child's doll even, aid the fluttering parrot in the cage, which it was fondly hoped would be amongst the domestic goods and ornaments of the new home in the far settle ment. All deserted.; all soon to be trampled by the crowd almost mad in the agony of extreme fear ; all to be consumed by the- overmastering flames. A chief merit of the performance lies in its fidelity to the aspect of colonial life. The red shirts . and cabbaae-tree hats of the squatters, the lassoes loosely coiled around the horses' necks, the yokes of the drays, the kangaroos, the birds, are all faithful copies from the originals. The proper destination of this, to the Australians, really histo rical picture, is the colony itself, where it should he preserved in any public collection as a memo rial, of a terrible incident in colonial annals. As a glimpse of the visitations that befal our kith and kin abroad, it possesses for us an interest indepen dent of its pictorial claims.' 