LITERARY NOTICES. The short talo, ' Brother Jacob,' in tho Corn hill for Juno is said to bo by Georgo Eliot, aud is the; gem of tho magazines of tho mouth. Next to this a an articlo in Macmillan ou Nathaniel Haw thorne, by Mr Edward Dicey. Wo cannot resist extracting tho following anccdote — so characteristic of the man, liis intellectual hesitancy and his habit of delay, which some people called laziness : — ' Ou tho last evening that I passed there I remem ber that our talk rambled, after many things, asr mon's talk often will, to the question of what waB to happen to us when lifo is over. We wero speaking of the spiritualist creed, that existence recommonces, under another form, tho moment after death 'Ah!' said Hawthorno, half-laughing, half seriously, ' I hope thero will be a break. A couplo of thousand years or so of sleep is the least that I can do with boforo I begin life again.' Ho was utterly un- American in look — unlike, that is, tho normal Yankee type, as wo picture it to ourselves. As I write, I can seo him now, with that grand broad forehead, fringed scantily by tho loose, worn, wavy hair, passing from black to grey, with the: deep-sunk Hashing eyes — sometimes bright, sometimes sad, and always distraitlook ing— as if they saw something beyond what common eyes could seo, and with the soft feminine mouth, which, at its master's bidding — or, rather, at tho bidding of somo thought over which its master had no control — could smilo so wondrous pleasantly.' Several rivals to Mr Banting have appeared. Tha medical profession aro not all pleased to find tha public listening to a tradesman before them. Another work on tho reduction of scoutness, entitled, 'Egypt — Chapters from an Autobiography,' will shortly be published by Mr Tweodie. Mr Banting's tract, which first of all appeared as a privately- printed production, for distribution amongst the author's friends and acquaintances, has just been translated into French. Mr Bunting is about to bring beforo the notice of tho publio a scheme for tho establish ment of a convalescent hospital. Mr Mudie's library has passed into the hands of a limited liability company. The property han beeir divided into £100,000 worth of shares ; and of this sum Mr Mudio retains possession of £50,000. Some part of the second £50,000 has been subscribed by Mr Murray aud other publishers ; and tho remain ing part will be ofl'crcd to the general publio. Mr Mudio continues his services and powers, as manag ing director, at a salary of £10C0 a year. The well known author, Mr Thomas Colley Grattan, has just died, at tho ago of sixty-eighty Mr Grattan, who was born in Dublin, in 1796, was tho son of Mr Colley Grattan, of Edonderry, ICiEg'a County. Ho was intended for the profession oi tha law, but, having an undo and two cousins in tho armv fono. Maior Grnftnti rnmrmmdixl tho Royal Irish in tho East Indict and in China), ho entered tho militia in tho hope of getting a commission. He volur/oecred into tho South Amerioan army in the war of independence against the yoke of Spain, but, on marrying a Miss O'Dounell, he left the servico an4 settled iu the south of Franco. In 1813 he produced Pliilibert.' a poetioal romanoo, in the style of Hcott — longo »»?* tervaVo, hoirover— which w»a aHCoeasful, tbeu removed liis establishment to I'aris, and mado acquaintance with Berangcr, Casimir Perier, Moore. Washington Irving, Lamattiue, and other distin jtnished men, and became a regular contributor to Edinburgh Review nnd to the Ncm Monthly Maga zine, then under tho editorship ef Thomas Campbell. In 1823 appeared ' Highways and 33.ycways, by a 'Walking Gentleman,' tho work by which Sir Grat tan will be best remembered. This book had a great sale, and brought the author many offers from the booksellers, which induced him to Turing ont a second and third scries. Then he produced in succession ' Bon Nazir tho Saracen,' a play written for Kean (after which ho left Boulogne, whero ho had been living, for Brus sels), ' Tales of Men aud Cities ' (1829), ' Traits of Travel,' ' Tho Heiress of Brnges ' (1831), 'Tho History of tho Netherlands,' 'Jacqueline of Hol land' (1831), which latter cansod his expulsion from Brussels daring tho revolution, and his resideuco in Holland aud Heidolberg, whero ho wrote his ' Legends of the Rhine ' and ' Agues de Mans feldt.' On the accession of Prince Leopold of Saxc-Coburg to the newly- created throiio of Bel gium, Mr Grattan returned to Brussels, and in 1839 was nppointed, at tho special request of liis Majesty, British Consul at -Boston. His new office brought out his talent, in a new direc tion, and his pamphlet on tho boundary question in America. Iu 1818 ho was permitted, as a favor, to resign his office to his son, who had beon acting as his deputy, and ho was appointed a gentle man of the Privy Chamber in tho Royal household. Mr Grattan has also written ' Civilised America,' ' Women of Color,' ' Tho Cagot's Port aud tho Conscript's Bride' (1 Si 7) , ' England and tho Dis rupted States of America' (lSGi), ' Beaton Paths, and Those who Trod Them' (1862), fro. His per sonal reminiscences were very interesting, and con tain many curious anecdotes about men and manners in various countries. Mr Grattan expired, after a severe illness, at bis residence in J ermyn street. Tho Realm, the latest conservative weekly paper, Tinn met with no better success than most of its predecessors of tho same political principles, aud, after an existence of some five months, has expired, giving ' no sign.' The Otcl has also been discon tinued, much to the surprise of Bclgravia and tho clubs. Although but recently started it had been a great success from the first. No fashionable draw ing room was complete without it. Its scanty pages and high prico show that it waslnot intended for tho general public. In fact, it may he said to have heen ' printed for privato circulation' among a certain exclusive clique. But tho Otcl lias become famous. An Emperor's confiden tial Minister has thought lit to reply to its state ments, and everybody took to having it sent to them. Tho projectors found that that which was intended to amuse themselves and make sport of Lord Russell liecame a very profitable undertaking. Tho reason given for this extraordinary retirement into privato lifo is that the public cannot discern between chaff and wheat, jest and eurnest, and that they have, in their dread of being taken in, withholden credence from important diplomatic revelations, such as the Morning Port (with which tho Owl is partly con nected) lias lately published. It has been hinted, on tho other hand, that the extreme sharpness of its criticism may have proved so inconvenient that a hint from head quarters may have been advisable. It is understood, however, that the Owl will appear at tho commencement of next ' season.' Tennyson's new volume has not yet made its ap pearance, though daily expected. Tho ' Idylls of the Hearth' is understood to have been the title originally chosen, but it is said that it is now to lio ' Enoch Arden,' as this is the principal poem in tho book. ' Enoch Arden' tells tho touching story of the return of a mariner long supposed to lave been lost at sea. He comcs back, unheralded and alono, aud, looking by night into his cottage ?window, finds his old love married to another hus band, aud happy in her new tics and duties. He determines not to break up this happy home,' ?where there is no place for him, and goes away without revealing himself. This is a storv full of the elements of home love and' tenderness and pity, which Tennyson can -wield so well. Thero is another story, of rustic .Lincolnshire life, with personages and dialect taken Irom the life ; tho beautiful poem of tho grand mother, reprinted from Once a Week; the ' Sea etory,' from Macmillan; and the ' Boadicea' and ' Tillionus' — the latter a reprint from tho Corn hill; tho former long since written, but not pub lished till now. M. Renan's ' Life of Jesus,' which had been seized at Munich, has been restored to circulation hy a decree of the Appeal Court of the province of Upper Bavaria. Mr Joseph A. Schoville, who has earned an un enviable notoriety by his letters from Now York to the London Herald under the signature of ' Man hattan,' died at tho Brandreth House, New York, on the 25th cf June last, of congestion of the bowels, at the ago of fifty years. Tho American ^Publishers' Circular says of Manhattan's recent novel: — 'A novel, in three volumes, entitled 'Marion,' is published in London as n panorama of American life, by Manhattan, the Confederate cor respondent of the London Morning Herald. It is a reprint, with the name . changed, of a tale called '(Vigor, ' by Walter Barrett Clerk, which a respectable New York publisher sent out with his own imprint, liut immediately withdrew from cumulation and his list.' Another new novel, by the hon. Mrs Yelverton, is announced, with tho title of 'Life in the Squares.' In the ' Passages of a Working Lifo, ' by Mr Charles Knight, we find the following account of ?what remains of dear old Jeremy Bentham: — Dr. Southwood Smith had been the intimate friend of Jeremy Bentham. It was the wish nf the venerable philosopher that his body should be dis ' sected, and for that purpose he left it to the en i lightened physician who had been his attendant at the timo of his death. Having called upon Dr. Smith at his house in tho eity, as I was going away f ho said, in his quiet manner, ' Would you like to 5 see Bentham?' I could not quite comprehend ? him; but leading the way into his hall, ho un ; locked, with a small key that hung to his watch j chain, a mahogany case, something liko tho i sedan chair of a past generation. Behind an inner covering of plate-glass sat tho figure of the old jurist -: in the identical clothes which he had worn living ; a waxen face, round which was clustering tho white liair, covered with his well-known broad-brimmed liat, and he leaut on the trusty stick with which he had so often paced the Green Park. I long stood absorbed in many thoughts of tho great man's career. Dr. Smith withdrew tho glass, opened tho few buttons of tho waistcoat, and then showed tho skeleton, which preached the same lesson to the pride of human wisdom as tho skull of ' poor 'Yorick' did to the gibes that were wont ' to set the table in a roar.' We extract tho following notico of Mr W. Strutt's picture, ' Black Thursday in Australia,' now ex hibiting in London, from the Weekly Dispatch : — A somewhat remarkable picture is now exhibiting at tho Scandinavian Gallery in the Haymarket. It is the representation of a terrible episodo in the annals of the colony of Victoria — tho great bush-fire of Thursday, 6th February, 1851. Mr William Howitt contributed an account of the fearful disas ter to Household Words, and probably many of the readers of that periodical still remember tho thrilling narrative. The Melbourne newspapers of the time describe tho fire as extending over cn immense district. One writer says ho rode for fifty miles with firo raging on each side of his route. Others describe tho flight of the terror stricken birds, the kangaroos and tho domestic cattle and horses. Far out at sea the intense heat was felt, and wearied birds fell dead on the decks of the coasting vessels. The settlers lost all their property, and many harely escaped with their lives. Probably many perished. There were scenes such as none but dwellers iu remote andwildlands can conceive. No xeEOurce but sudden flight — a race with fire. To halt wi J to die ; and when the flames had spent their fury, the spots which a few hourB beforo were cultivated settlement, wero blackened patches, littered with smoky ruins and the scorched carcasses of tho cattle and sheep which had formed the squatters' wealth. Mr W. Strutt, who long resided in Australia, and is familiar with every aspect of colonial life, has undertaken to represent some cf the appalling episodes of the great catustropbo ; and his work is now on view in the Scandinavian Gnl jcry — rather out of placo among the pictures by foreign artists. Had it won admission into the lloyal Academy, it would, we believe, havo attracted attention, by the expression of tho figures, more by the appalling interest of tho subject, the earnestness of tho attempt to depict it, and tho reality of it3 local elements. The pictuie represents the flight of families of colonists from the advanc ing flame. One man carries beforo him — on an affrighted horse, which, with distended nostril and bloodshot eye, plunges madly forward — his wife, and is closely followed by a Dative stockman, who bears a child behind him, Bullock drays, laden with women and children, aro crowding into dire confusion. Tho wretched beasts, wild with terror, aro urged by tho long Btock whips of tho excited drivers. Somo havo fallen on the road, and whilo tho men goad them to rise— themselves overcome with the terror which has inado tho oxen unmanageable — tho wretched families in the waggons gtr/.o back, paralysed with fear, on tho lurid clouds behind. Women' on foot are dragging children along the rugged road, nearly trampled upon by tho confused throng of fugitives ; oxen aud sheep, panting with thirst and fear, plmigo over each other, or fall and aro trodden under foot by the swift advance. On one sido is a troop of horses, broken loose, or mercifully released to try the chanco of flight, leaping with long bounds to escape tlio flames which their instinct tells them aro chasing them to tho death ; and on tho other are terrified kangaroos, their strange forms seen dimly through tlio hot ^ mist. Flocks of afl'righted birds — crancs, bright plumaged parrots, tho ' native companion,' tho ' laughing jackass' — aro winging through tho air, aud some, failing of wing, aro lying dead iu tho foreground of tho picture. Tho panic-stricken throng appears to bo advancing towards tho spectators. In tho foreground are the fragments of a brok :-n dray and tho skeletons of oxen, the relics of somo former travellers on tho dreary road ; aud on tho right of the picturo tho fresh traces of an encampment, which has been deserted, tho tent blown away, and tho few articles of household comfort exposed. Thero, iu the very track of the fugitives, aro the boxes and blankets, tho books, the child's doll even, and the fluttering parrot in tho cage, which it was fondly hoped would bo amongst tho domestic goods and ornaments of tlio new homo in tho far sottle- i ment. All deserted ; all soon to be trampled by the crowd almost mad in tho agony of extremo fear ; all to be consumed by tho overmastering flames. A chief merit of the performance lies in its fidelity to tho aspect of colonial lifo. Tho red shirts and cabbage- tree hats of tho squatters, the lassoes loosely coiled around tho horses' necks, tho yokes of tho drays, tho kangaroos, the birds, are all faithful copies from tho originals. The proper destination of this, to tho Australians, really histo rical picture, is tho colony itself, whero it should be preserved iu any public collection as a memo rial of a terrible iucidont in colonial annals. As a glimpse of the visitations that befal our kith and kin abroad, it possesses for us an interest indepen dent of its pictorial claims. 