! VICTORIA. We have Melbounie-papera to the 30th ult. The amount of news is not great. It is nil comprised ia the following extracts from the Argus and the Herald of the latest dates : A numerously attended meeting waa held, yesterday evening, at St. George's Hall under tho auspices of the Australian Reform League. The Hon C. J. Jenner officiated UB chairman, and resolutions were adopted affirming the necessity of having a programme forthe ensuing general elections. The principal points of this programme were a revision of the tariff in favor of native industry, an alteration of the existing land law, by increasing the squatters' rent, and providing more liberal terms for agricultural settlement, a chango iu the constitution of the Legislative Council, and the appointment of a Minister of Public Instruction. Mr. George Coppin left yesterday in the City of Melbourne, steamer, for Sydney. A few friends, who were aware ot the respected gentle- man's departure, were present on board to wish him farewell. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean do not leave for a fortnight. We regret to learn that Mrs. Kean is still severely indisposed, and there IB some probability that.on account oftlim lady's health, they will return direct to England without visiting cither Sydney or America. In that case Mr. Coppin will not prolong his absence over many weeks; but will soon return to become once more an " institution" of this city. The Ararat Advertiser gives the following illustration of the danger attending the incau- tious use of kerosene :-"On Sunday evening last the kerosene lamp used in the Wesleyan Chapel, Cathcart, was observed to burn very dimly, though the wick was being constantly screwed up. Suddenly the light almost went out, but immediately revived in two distinct flames, which ascended beyond the tops of the glass chimney, endangering the safety of the chapel and causing great terror among the con- gregation, who made their exit as quickly as possible. Happily one son of Mr. Stephen Couper had the presence of mind to take the lamp down and carry it outside, but at the expense of burning his right hand severely." The Geelong Chronicle says.-'. We have been favored with a packet of Virginian tobacco scud, grown by Air. Dickenson of Bellerine. It seems to be the opinion of those who are judges, that the sample is equal to any grown in America. The seed was originally imported by Mr. Dickenson, who has devoted much time and trouble to its culture fur the past twenty-five years, both in Tasmania and in this colony, We have also been shown some opium-seed grown on the same estate," A correspondent of the Daylesford Mercury writes as follows, describing a human curiosity discovered by hiin on a journey from Cooper's Creek lo Mcuindie :-" An extraordinary lusits natural was encountered among the Paroo blacks. A lubra was described by one of the tribe an being like u ' pether' (Anglice ' feather,' the pronunciation of the letter F being an achievement the aboriginal cannot accomplish), and on proceeding to view the young woman, it waa found that her arms, from the wrists, were connected to her body, just below the libs, by a kind of web or skin, just the shape of the wing of tho bat. In other respects she was I perfcotly formed." So remote a locality as the Ovens district of this colony is probably the last in which a col- lector of old coius would look for specimens. It is strange, howevor, how numismatic curiosi- ties travel. The Ovens Advertiser informs us that, at a bar in Beechworth, the other day, soino thirsty fellow paid for his refreshment with a crown-niece of the reign of the " Merrie Monarch," which was little the worse for two centuries of wear. The rivers of Victoria, it seems, contain fish as large as the largest which are tu be found in British waters ia these days. Proof was afforded a few days ago, by the capturo of a cod in the Loddon, ut Bridgewater, weighing not less than 471b. It was tho largest ever seen in that neighborhood. The Queensland Journal of Commerce of the 10th instant, says-" The estimated ways and means and expenditure of the Government for 1885 is put down at £578.500. In addition, the loan for 18(51 is £951,000, tho whole of which is for electric telegraph extension, and new buildings in various parts of the oolony.'' The Lancashire Bellringers are about to give a farewell series ofporfoi'm:inces,beforu leaving Australia for India. Mr., William Hoskins baa definitely concluded arrangements to take tho Haymarket Thoatro for a dramatic season. The interior of tho house is to be completely gutted, and rebuilt on more approved and convenient designs. Lady Don, recently arrived, has entered into an en- gagement with Mr. Hoskins, and will make her first appearance at this theatre on the opening of the now season. The Bendigo Advertiser recounts the following singular circumstance :-" A gentleman, resi- dent at the White Hills, whose buggy had been standing at his door for a few minutes, about niue o'clock on tho morning of the Queen's birthday, observed smoke rising from one of its lamps. Making inquiries of his servant as to the reason the Tamp had been lit, the ser- vant replied thut it had not been since the pre- vious evening. Further investigation into the matter, elicited the curious fact that the sun had set fire to tho wick, through tho agonojr of th'"> lamp's bull's-oyo, which aoted as nimming glass." This, the Advertiser tbiuks, may give a clue to the origin of many of the bush-fires in Australia, as pieces of glass, ospeoiully the onds of broken bottles or tumblers lying about everywhere, would, under a hot sun, actas powerful burning gluBB'es, and thus set fire to the gross, 