ADELAIDE: SATURDAY, JANUARY 9, 1864. As it is by no means impossible that the nest mail may bring intelligence of war between the Scandinavian States of Northern Europe and the German Confederation, we may be excused referring to a topic which, but for this contin gency, might be looked upon as rather too remote for discussion here. On the 21st of Sep tember the British Envoy to the Germanic Diet informed Her Majesty's Government that a Committee of the Diet had recommended marching an army into a portion of the Sing of Denmark's dominions] (Holstein), unless, within three weeks from the adoption of their report certain, modifications were agreed to by Has Danish Majesty. The report of the Committee was to be brought under the consideration of the full Diet on the 1st of October— so that by the time of the despatch of the November mail very important events may have been precipitated. At the same time it yet remains to be hoped that the Frankfort Diet will not commit the incre dible folly, to say nothing of the stupendous crime, of plunging Europe into a general war with a view to the gaining of some few additional privileges for the Holsteiners, who already enjoy political rights and liberties greatly in advance of those which many of the aforesaid German sovereigns think fit to concede to their own snbjects. That the forcible occupation of any portion of the Danish dominions by German troops would involve several leading European States in war seems scarcely to admit of question; and we are therefore inclined to look upon the gravity of the situation as a reason why some other ulti matum than that of the sword will yet be resorted to. Every newspaper reader has long been familiar with the names of Schleswig and Holstein, and has heard of the Schleswig Holetein difficulty ; but very few indeed could explain in what that difficulty consists. Nor do we know that we should trouble our readers with any explanations on the subject, viewing it simply as a question of European diplomacy ; but when a great war looms in the distance it interests us all to know why the sword is threatened to be drawn. The Duchies of Holstein, Lauenberg, and Schleswig, form part of the dominions of the King of Denmark, and are inhabited by Danes, Germans, and some other nationalities. Holstein is nearly all German; Schleswig con sists for the greater part of Danes ; Lauenberg is principally German, and its administration harmonizes with that of Holstein. The pos session of Holstein, containing one of the most magnificent maritime harbors in the world, is of vast importance to Den mark, and none the less so because the Germans choose to settle in it. The German Sovereigns, following in the wake of Louis Napoleon, but with far inferior resources for snch a work, wish to create a great naval power, and, though they carefully conceal their real object, no one can doubt that their real desire thoroughly to Germanise Holstein, and to detach it from Denmark, is prompted by the idea that Germany will then have a great naval depot. With Holstein secured it is conjectured Schleswig would follow ; so that whilst the Diet are ostensibly engaged in demanding further re forms for the Tfing of Denmark's subjects, they are really and truly endeavoring to in crease their own naval resources at the expense of that Sovereign. For the very same reason that the Diet would lite to possess Holstein, the Tfing of Denmark wishes to keep it himself. As, however, this portion of the Danish dominions is chiefly peopled by Germans, the King of Denmark some time since granted to it a separate Parliament, with separate powers of local taxation and expenditure. It is alleged that further concessions are requisite, but the most important part of the recommendation of the Committee of the Diet is that Schleswig, which is not German, should be incorporated with Holstein and Lauenberg. The Committee also demand that new constitu tions shall be granted to Holstein and Schleswig, uniting both to Denmark in such a manner that neither portion of the Empire shall be sub ordinate to any other portion: that is, that Denmark shall be for the Germans, and not for the Danes. Now, as Holstein is a member of the Germanic Confederation, the effect of the proposed amalgation of the Duchies with the Kingdom of Denmark would be, in effect, to place the Crown of Denmark under the control of the German sovereigns. Under guise of demanding farther privileges for the Holsteiners the Com mittee of the Diet seek that Holstein and Schleswig shall, in addition to retaining fall powers of self-government and taxation, be able to veto the general acts of the Danish Parliament and the Danish Government. In a word, under pretence of obtaining increased rights for Holstein and Schleswig, a blow is aimed at the independence of Denmark, which independence not only Prussia and Austria (who now threaten it), but England and France are pledged by treaty to maintain. The report of the Diet Committee yet awaits adoption, but should it be ratified, Saxony and Hanover are to march 12,000 men into Holstein, Austria and Prussia to hold their armies in readiness as a reserve. Should this occupation be effected, the King of Denmark would immediately fill Schleswig with his own forces, and the armies of the contending sovereigns would thus be placed- x in a situa tion from which active war must ^necessarily result. It is also understood that Nd*way and Sweden would form an alliance offensW and defensive with the Danes, thus rendering the action of the Prussian and Austrian anmies indispensable, and dragging England audFraWe into the fray. We do not for a moment attempt to explain why England should go to war to uphold a treaty which merely assures the sovereignty of certain Duchies to J;he ^'''g of Denmark, //'Poland— also the subject of a treaty — is to be remorselesly trampled to death by [Russia, England looking ignobly on. Certainly the Prince of Wales has married into the Danish Royal family, and there are no dynastic ties between London and Warsaw. However, our object is simply to relate facts and to explain current movements, in order that should war breakout between Denmark and Germany onr readers may understand what agencies have brought it about. The Swedish Minister in his despatch to Paris speaks thus confidently of Denmark :— 'By the patent of the 30th March, 1863, Denmark conceded to Holstein al) the »£&?§ which the Federal Diet demanded for that Duchy. Denmark therefore fulfilled all her duties as a Federal member, since by this patent the mutual relations of the different parts of the monarchy are established in such a manner that the legislation and taxation in the other parts of the kingdom become independent of that which will be adopted in Holstein and Lauenberg. 'Every cause as well as every pretext for a Federal execution being removed by the patent of the 30th March, the Danish Go vernment can only regard such proceeding as having an object entirely apart from the compe tency of the German Diet, and must therefore consider it an inimical attack, which it is her duty to oppose by all the means at her disposal. ' The demand of the Federal Diet for a com mon constitution for the whole monarchy is un tenable, because it is the German Diet itself, and the Holstein Estates, which have rendered such an arrangement impossible. As regards the Duchy of Schleswig, it is a fact that the Danish Government, after Schleswig's administrative separation from Holstein, decided to extend the liberties of this province, and that it never took any steps to incorporate it with the kingdom. In any case this is a question with reference to which the Federal Diet is entirely incompetent, as regards the claims which in common with Austria and Prussia it considers itself entitled to make relative to the negotiations of 1851 and 1852.' The view taken of the subject by Her Majesty's Government will be seen in the fol lowing extract from Earl Russell's despatch to the British Envoy at the German Diet : — 'Her Majesty's Government are unable to close their eyes to the gravity of the report which the Federal Diet has to take into its con-' sideration. If the report of the Committee had confined itself to stating that the royal proclama tions do not comply with the resolution of the Federal Diet in respect to the Duchy of Holstein ; that the Duke of Holstein was not entitled to dispose of the finances of Holstein without the assent of his estates ; that he had no right to promulgate laws for Holstein other «T1DC 1/UCLU nilrU UIU %y\JmV^tCL £t(jLUU \JL bUC ^LUlOU&ui; Diet ; and that the prolonged hesitation of the Danish Government to bring about a satisfac tory state of things had rendered Federal exe tion necessary — Her Majesty's Government, while regretting that the German Federal Diet intervened at the present time, would yet not have denied the claim of the principles advanced to be considered the real and essential bases of constitutional government. But it cannot be required that the constitution of the entire Danish monarchy should be subjected to the jurisdiction of the Germanic Confederation. If the estates of the Duchies of Holstein and Lanenburg were permitted to veto the pro ceedings of the Danish Parliament and Danish Government, it is evident that the measures necessary for the defence of Denmark against a foreign enemy might be prevented, the entire activity of the monarchy be paralysed, and the integrity and independence of Denmark be seriously threatened. By the convention of London of May 8, 1852, Her Majesty is bound to respect the integrity and independence of Denmark. The Emperor of Austria and the King of Prussia have undertaken a similar obligation. Her Majesty would not look with indifference upon a military occupation of Holstein, which would only cease under seriously disadvantageous conditions to the constitution of the entire Danish monarchy. Her Majesty's Government could neither recognise such a military occupation as a legitimate exercise of the authority of the Confederation, nor admit its designation by the name of a Federal execution. Her Majesty's Government could not remain indifferent to the influence of such a proceeding upon Denmark and the interests of Europe. Her Majesty's Government, therefore, earnestly recommends the German Federal Diet to abstain from its intention, and to submit the question in dispute between Germany and Denmark to the mediation of other Powers uninterested in the difference, but deeply concerned in the maintenance of the peace of Europe and the independence of Denmark.' This is dignified and decided ; but although the reverse of warlike in tone, its calm determi nation makes the whole question of peace turn upon the prudence, moderation, and forbearance of the German sovereigns — not altogether a very hopeful basis! Still, their Majesties may be less inclined to bite than to bark ; and unques tionably the firmest attitude on the part of France and England will be the most pacific policy. A compact and well-contrived federal union of the various Scandinavian nations would, however, constitute the best equipoise to the ambition of the. German Confederation, and would render the interference of England and France much less necessary than it is now. The latest Ameeican intelligence will have still further whetted the edge of the public appetite for that detailed news whichonly the next regular mail can supply, and which can scarcely fail of containing much important information. As, moreover, the approaching mail will not only bring us details of the events and proceed ings briefly described by our telegrams, but a full fortnight's later advices, news of the most important character may be looked for. By this time, if not before, the Northerners must have learned to dread a Southern retreat. The Confederate Generals have a knack of initiating each new aggressive movement by means of a retreat. Whether their retirements are forced upqn them by the exigencies of their situation, or whether they are part and parcel of the studied tactics of the Southerners is scarcely worth enquiring, it being in either case alike evident that a retreat, with the Federals pursuing, is sure to be quickly fol lowed' by a junction of forces, a countermarch, and the Federals ' falling back.' One week we have Lee ' in full flight toward Richmond,' with the Federals ' in hot pursuit ;' next week, Lee having effected a junction with somebody, ane having drawn the Federals into a disadvanta geous position, suddenly turns upon his astonished foes, and converts their hopeful pursuit into a hopeless flight. A few days ago Richmond was said to be in danger ; now Washington is uneasy. Thus does the tide of war rise and fall; thus does the wheel of fortune turn round and round ; those now uppermost being presently down, and those now down being quickly upraised. As to the end we can only repeat what we have before said, that ultimate victory will crown the arms of that party which can, without annihilation, endure the most reverses. The side which can suffer the most numerous and severe defeats will con quer the side which can only achieve the most victories. Every victory being purchased at a ruinous cost, it may be that the side on which there is the most skill, courage, and resolution, may nevertheless have finally to yield to a foe superior in the power of surviving disasters. We cannot say that the prospects of non intervention on the part of Europe are quite as good as they were. Both France and England are not unlikely to be compromised. The Democrats in New York have ' resolved' that 'no Emperor shall ever be crowned in Mexico' — a resolution much more likely to bring about French recognition of the Con federate States than to turn aside Louis Napoleon from his cherished projects. It is a ^somewhat remarkable coincidence, especially considering the jealous censorship of the press im Paris, that a pamphlet'has just been per mitted to appear, advocating as the threefold policy of France, 'Mexico, Poland, and the Confederates.' \ Whilst France is busy with Mexico, lending moral support to the Southerners, and more than half hinting that intervention in the affairs of Poland may not be very distant, Bussiais executing still greater severity upon the Poles, and is simultaneously flattering and being flat tered by the Federals. There certainly is some thing exceedingly like a marshalling of the iPowera, the principal obstruction to the opening /bf the new game being the continued neutrality of England, Sat ft circumstance has do^ J occurred which will, we imagine, be more diffi cult to settle than the affair of the Trent, even though the Federals are ready to eat as much dirt now as they ate then, and which may force England into action. The Federal steamer Vanderbilt has fired into a ship at the Cape of Good Hope, and killed the mate, it is said, without any provocation. Earl Russell will doubtless admit that it is contrary to international law for ships belonging to friendly Powers to fire upon and kill British officers ; and the world will now have another opportunity of seeing how Great Britain will act under this almost incredible attack on the part of a Power for whom she sacrifices so much to preserve peace. Altogether the plot thickens, and the denoue ment may be nearer than most men imagine. The waifs and strays of news that have reached us since the receipt of the regular October mail are certainly of a nature to hold out the promise of a stirring budget in a few days. Because the Maobiss have received a heavy blow and sore discouragement at Rangariri, it would be very unwise to infer that they will henceforward acknowledge the supremacy and superiority of British rule. They have been taughtjj a salutary lesson, it,is true, but it is equally true that they have inflicted upon their victors losses almost as heavy as they have suf fered themselves. Estimated according to the usual standard of British valor, skill, and prestige, Her Majesty's troops have indeed ' gained a loss ;' for it will scarcely be maintained that the few Maories that have been put hors de eombat are an equivalent in British eyes for the sacrifice fof life and expenditure of resources by means of which our recent advantages have been secured. We do not exactly say with the ancient — 'another such victory and we are ruined,' but we most certainly do say that we are much better off with few such victories than with many. They are too dearly bought. But what is the result of the victory ? Its value must be estimated not merely in a military sense, but in a social and commercial sense. And, so regarded, what is the value of the victory ofBangariri? Will it ensure tranquillity ? Will it establish security to the colonists ? Will it compel the Maories henceforward to reverence British power, and to obey British laws ? If so, the victory, though dearly bought, will be worth its cost. But may we take for granted that Kingism is buried at Rangariri, and that for the future the Queen's Government will alike be respected by aboriginals and by Europeans P We do not say it will not be so; we hope it may be — but why should we think it will be ? Is the submission' of Rangariri more complete than was that of Taranaki P No. And why should we think that the Maories will this time, more than on former occasions, accept this defeat as final ? It is part of their policy to resort to finesse. They ask for peace when they are not prepared for immediately carrying on the war. Does anyone believe that the Maories will not change their policy again, as soon as circumstances are favorable? New Zealand diplomacy, like Kaffir diplomacy, has frequently outwitted military sagacity. Sandilli outwitted the army in Africa', and the Maori Chiefs have ontwitted, and probably will again butwit, the army in New Zealand. The great point is, what will the British authorities do with New Zealand, now that they have gained a temporary ascendency ? The natives must live ; and they must live on their own land. How can they be located, and how governed, so as to take away from them the power of future harm? Baffling as the war has been, the final settlement of the native question on the basis of peace will be much more so. Whether a short interval of armed truce, or a permanent tran quillisation is now to obtain, will depend on the wisdom of the Executive. The gal lantry of the soldiers carried the strong hold of Rangariri; but unless proper measures are devised, half a dozen improved Rangariris will be constructed within the next three years. Considering how large a propor tion of the population of New Zealand the natives comprise, it is impossible to treat them as a handful of savages simply requiring to be kept down. It will not pay to keep a standing army of occupation in New Zealand. The natives must be regarded as an integral portion of the body politic, and be dealt with in a manner that shall satisfy them of the advantages of the British rule, at the same time that it con vinces them of its power. But who is the statesman to solve this problem P Who will guarantee the future submission of the Maories, and at the same time guarantee their content ment and goodwill? One of the greatest conveniences in the streets of Adelaide is a water fountain ; one of the greatest nuisances is that same fountain overflowing, and as the water-fountains of Ade laide generally overflow, they are generally nuisances. Let any one who doubts take a walk to Torrens's Corner, and from the peren nial stream flowing forth in that enlightened spot trace the nuisance down to Government House. The stream that flows from the foun tain- tap is but a small one, but it illustrates forcibly the power of littles. The rain-drops uniting make the rill, the rills uniting make the river, and the rivers feed the sea. So, at least, some amphibious philosopher has observed, and really the power of aggregation is strikingly — we had almost written ' stinkingly ' — illustrated in the little streamlets from the street fountains and the filthy watercourses in the broad gutters. On Monday several men were engaged throwing up from the bed of the King William-street ditch large quantities of foul and fetid mud, there to lie until its noxious gases had mingled with the air we breathe, when the solid residuum could be carted away. On Tuesday the foun tain was stopped, and the southern end of the gutter began to dry up ; to-day the water is 'on' again, and in a few days more, no doubt, the King William-street ditch will roll on its black tide as formerly. We have no particular ' down ' on Torrens's fountain; it doubtless nourishes the gumtrees contiguous thereto, and if animal life and espe cially human life, could thrive upon the same gases that are health and fatness to vegetation, we should say ' long live the pumps, and may their overflow never be less.' But as human nature prefers pure air to foul gases, we must be permitted to enter our protest against that and all the other Adelaide water-fountains as at present administered. In speaking of the King William-street fountain we by no means wish to intimate that this is the worst of the tribe ; it may be quite otherwise, but we see and smell this one oftener than we do the others. It is a nuisance to the neighborhood, but by no means the only one. Visitors to the Supreme Court may have noticed an Australian Fleet Ditch engirthing that awful edifice. The moat will soon require a drawbridge and a portcullis, and Judge Boothby will make an admirable Warder. We do not exactly know what tributaries feed the dirty stream now indicated, but we know one of them — namely, that issuing from the Supreme Court itself, a pipe from the King William-street side gate pouring forth a continuous and copious stream. Oh! if Mr. Boothby (we mean the Waterworks Manager) could but see the precious fluid running to waste from the Supreme Court! Jn Almost every part of the city, if (here's a water fountain erected for the convenience of the public, there also commences a filthy black ditch, fed principally, but not exclusively, from the overflowing of the fountain. Now this ought not to be, and we take the liberty of publicly inviting the attention of our City Council to a public nuisance, and a public grievance. All that is wanted is a little mechanical inge nuity, and we believe there is quite talent enough in Adelaide to contrive a valve to the supply pipe in the fountains which will be closed by the weight of the falling ladle, and open when the ladle by being taken in the hand re lieves the valve of its weight. This, or some other mechanical contrivance might easily be adopted to save the water, and prevent mias mata. Should no other plan be available, we recommend the reduction of the streamlet to one-half its present diameter, and the turning off the supply altogether between 8 p.m. and 8 a.m. Very few persons want a drink of cold water at a street fountain in the middle of the night. The fountain ditches must be ' put down.' They are convenient for geese, a fine flock of which have for months past enjoyed their water privileges at the Supreme Court, with an occa sional raid upon the young plants in Victoria square enclosure ; or the said ditches may be use ful to the race of frogs and tadpoles, the former of which we have heard croaking in the Rundle streetmoat, andthelatterhave beenseen wriggling their delighted tails in several of the city canals. But except for geese and tadpoles, and mayhap mosquitoes, we know of nothing to which the city ditches are favorable, unless it be diptheria and scarlatina. Before quitting this subject we recommend the water-powers, the city authorities, or who ever else may be thereunto moved, inclined, or appointed, to walk about Adelaide and make a note of the numerous waste pipes wantonly dis charging the Governme'nt water on to the Cor poration property. Some of these pipes are turned on full flow after dark ; but for what reason no one knows. It may be the overflow of garden irrigation ; it may be to soak the roots nf +Tia rrnYn.-H.aaa rfia.fc nmTmnrpnna nifizane Imra to cultivate in front of their dwellings ; it may .be for the sake of the civic geese before alluded to ; it may be from a foolish idea that if the tap is left to run all night the householder will next morning get his water fresh from the Reservoir ; or it may be for some other fancy not divined or not divinable. But however accounted for, or left unaccounted for, the fact remains ; and we hope the Corporation will persevere in their pre sent efforts to make a clean sweep of all filthy gutters, bearing in mind that, although the praises of water have been often sung from Pindar's time downward, it was not dirty water that poets celebrated and philosophers imbibed. The ioss sustained by the destruction of so much property on Mr. Dutton's run, again awakens fears with regard to bush fires, and ought to induce extra exertions with a view to reduce to a minimum the chances of such dire visitations. The luxuriance of the feed this season justifies the gravest apprehensions as to the extent of damasre that mav be occasioned by bush fires, and ought to prompt the most vigor ous preventive measures. We do not know whether all the District Councils in the colony have put into operation the powers with which they are invested in this respect ; but if any have so far delayed topublish the necessarypublic notices, it is to be hoped they will not suffer another week to be lost. We admit that fires will take place, despite the utmost vigilance and the most stringent precautions ; but if by dili gent effort the number of bush fires can be re duced, that of itself will abundantly repay all exertions, even supposing occasional fires take place notwithstanding. On the old and often proclaimed dangers arising from carelessly lighting or leaving camp fires, from incautiously lighting or knocking out the live ashes of pipes, and from allowing children and others to play with lucifer matches, * ii i . ? ? ii ? a. ? i ? n ? we snail now only repeat ruai as danger irom these sources of fire is this season redoubled, so should the watchfulness of the authorities and the care of parents and employers be increased. But the fire at Mr. Dutton's appears to be traceable to a different origin. The feed on that fin p. run has been destroyed — not by the camp fire of travellers, not by the carelessness of some tramping smoker — not by the thoughtlessness of children playing with fire. The conflagration originated, so it is said, in a shepherd's hut, and whilst the man was engaged in the necessary occupation of baking a ' damper.' It is possible we may hear more on this point, but presuming on the accuracy of the Kapunda advices, it may be allowed us to express regret, if not surprise, that the ordinary precautions taken in lighting a camp-fire, namely, of clear ing a sufficient space around, are not taken in connection with shepherds' huts. A shepherd's U,i4- yionnnt V\a o-rnanfarl tn Vlp fllwflVH fir A. proof, but it ought always to be spark-proof ; it ought always to have a fireproof chimney ; it ought never to have a combustible roof; and a sufficient space ought invariably to be cleared around it to prevent the ignition of the grass, in case of the accidental firing of the hut. It is perfectly useless for the Legislature to pass stringent laws for the preservation of squatters' runs against accidental fire on the part of travellers and camping parties, if the huts themselves are erected without any reference to their security against the same class of casualties which the Legislature, the Press, and the public are so watchful against elsewhere. Of course after a man's property is burnt, as Mr. Dutton's is, it would be very ill-timed to dwell too pointedly on the question now mooted. But as the burning of a hut by a shepherd may prove as disastrous to the public interests as the careless lighting of a camp fire, we think it but reasonable that Bheepfarmers and stock holders should cause an occasional inspection to be made of their huts and the land imme diately adjacent, so as to secure as completely as possible against those dreaded public calami ties — bush-fires. The ' Boeder Watch' certainly does its duty zealously as regards looking after local interests. On the 25th of December the South-Eastern settlers were presented with a double Christmas box, in the shape of a brace of leaders on local topics ; and although we do not ourselves profess to represent the South-East in the same special and primary sense as the Border Watch does, yet, as having a sincerely friendly feeling toward that important district, we shall devote a small portion of our space to the two questions raised by our contemporary in the articles referred to. We have, indeed, touched upon both before ; but the subject will bear a second reference. The first relates to the now increasingly pre valent crime of sheepstealing in the South-East. A short time since application was made to the Commissioner of Police by the Pastoral Asso ciation of the district for the aid of a detective officer in order to bring to justice the authors of the systematic sheepstealing now carried on. The Commissioner however did not accede to the request, and the Border Watch returns, with considerable force of argument, to the question. The losses sustained by squatters in the South-Eastern District are very heavy. The blacks steal their hundreds, and the whites their thousands. Last year Mr. Hensley lost 1,700 sheep, Mr. Seymour (from, one flock alone) 1,100, and Mr. JoUa Rohertfion 700, $ow it is really too bad to say that the squatters must protect themselves, unless indeed Vigilance Committees and Lynch Law are to supersede the ordinary administration of justice. If it were reported that in a certain district Captain Swing was at his old trick of stack-burning, or that in a par ticular quarter of Adelaide housebreaking was of nightly occurence, we are quite sure that a large police force would be immediately put on with a view of capturing the evildoers. Where is the consistency of our raising an outcry against the New South Wales Government for their incapacity in the matter of Gilbert and the bushrangers, if we allow wholesale sheep stealing within our own settled districts to go unpunished ? Or will it be said that sheep are not property, and that squatters — like niggers — 'ain't people?' We hold that the squatters are just as fully entitled to police protection as are any other members of the community, and that the property of the squatters is as much a charge upon the Government as the property of farmers or merchants. Theft and plunder must be ' put down,' and if from the peculiar nature of the squatting tenure the Government cannot afford to protect it without pay, let a special rate be authorised and levied. We do not know that this is necessary; but we do know one thing, namely, that it is con trary to the first principles of good government for the authorities to suffer plunder to riot un checked, and to tell the sufferers that they must ' help themselves.' Such a course is a relapse into barbarism, and it entirely ignores and defeats the purpose for which legislative powers were given to this colony, namely — to enable us to make laws for ' the peace, order, and good government' of society. Wholesale robbery such as that brought to light by the Squatters' Association in the South-East ought not to be remitted by the authorities to the individual vengeance of the parties aggrieved, but should be dealt with just as cases of burglary or house breaking would be ; and if thus to protect the property of the squatters involves an outlay beyond that to which their contribution to the revenue entitles them, let them pay additionally ; but let us hear no more of the incapability or unwillingness of the Government to check wholesale plunder of this description. The other question referred to by the Border Watch is that of immigration. The people of the South-Eastern District ask to have a fair proportion of the immigrants landed in their neighborhood, instead of their being compelled to fetch them from Adelaide. In answer to an application for a supply of labor, Mr. Wildman, by desire of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, wrote to say that if the settlers of the South Eastern District would make arrangements for securing free passages per Ant to a certain number of passengers per Sir John Lawrence, the Commissioner would endeavour to induce some of them to go down to Mount Gambier. In answer to this, Dr. Wehl, by request of the District Council of Mount Gambier, wrote as follows : — ?*To the Honorable the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration. ' Sir — I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 12th instant, relative to our supply of immigrants according to requisition sent by District Council. ' At a special meeting of the Council held this day to consider the conditions under which the Government purpose sending immigrants to this district, members were of unanimous opinion that no money ought to be guaranteed for expenses of passage to our port, by either the District Council or otherwise locally raised. Such a pro cedure would put us into no better position than we are at the present time, as we can just as well send to an agent to employ for us in Ade laide, at only the same expense. ' The Council also view with surprise that more money should be expected from this Dis trict for the purpose above alluded to, consider ing the great amount our land sales nave con tributed to the general revenue. ' The Council also consider that as the money would eventually be chargeable to the immi grant out of his wages, that such a bond upon the proceeds of his labor would be injudicious, and would most likely prevent his sanction to being conveyed here at all. ' The Council would still urge upon the Go vernment the necessity of immigrants being sent to this District as soon as possible, as men cannot be got for the rapidly increasing harvest operations, and would again draw the attention of Government to the great share we have already contributed towards bringing out immi grants, and that up to the present time we have not had the benefit of one. ' The Council are desirous of expressing their appreciation of the kind intentions of the Go vernment towards the interests of this district, and would susrsest that everv reasonable induce ment and a free passage should be held out to a number of the agricultural immigrants to Port MacDonnell. ' I also beg to call your attention to the fact, that sending immigrants to Robe would entail a land journey of 100 miles, and that there is a regular trader to Port MacDonnell, namely, the Mary Stewart ; and there is also a large English ship, the Verukm, will call into our port from Adelaide for wool. — I am, &c.;, 'E. Wehi. ' District Council Chamber, 'Mount Gambier, Dec. 21, 1863.' We have always been of opinion that nothing could be more ill-judged than to bring all the immigrants to Adelaide ; thus, in many in stances, ruining the men for country service, and virtually sacrificing the object for which luey were imported, nut a cannot oe over looked that there are some difficulties in the way of framing a system that shall not only bring labor to the colony, but deliver it free of ex pense at every employer's door. Of course twenty other places will make the same demand as the South-Eastern District makes, and will ask to have delivered at their own doors their share of the labor imported at the public cost. The Government cannot decide on this point for Mount Gambier only ; the question is one of much more extensive application. But so far from disapproving the idea, we highly commend it, believing that the immigration vote will be much more beneficially expended if agricultural laborers could be set down in the agricultural districts, shepherds in the pastoral districts, miners in the mining districts, and in'f Adelaidejthose that are more specially adapted for town and suburban work. Although undoubtedly attended with difficulties, this question is well deserving of the serious consideration of practical men. We intimated some time ago having received from His Excellency the Governor- in-Chief a pamphlet by Miss Florence Nightingale on native colonial schools and hospitals. More than the name of Florence Nightingale is not necessary to recommend the pamphlet to public notice ; yet if more were needed it would be found in the deeply interesting subject of her investigations. Miss Nightingale thus introduces her own book : — ' Several years ago, before Sir George Grey returned to his government at the Cape, I had a conversation with hi™ on a subject which had dwelt very much on his mind, viz., the gradual disappearance of the aboriginal races from the neighbourhood of civilised communities. One of the points raised in the discussion was the probable effect which European school usages and school education might exercise on the health of the children of parents and of races who had never hitherto been brought under education. It appeared of great hnportanceto ascertain, if possible, the precise influence which school training exercised on the health of native children. And I applied to the Colonial Office for aid in carrying out such an inquiry. The Duke of Newcastle entered warmly into the sub ject, and offered at once to call for any informa tion which might throw light on it. I had a simple school fora prepared and printed, copies of which were sent by the Colonial Office to the Governors of the various colonies. Returns were made from a large number of schools, but as no information has been received from many more, I presume the school statistics did not afford the means of supplying the required in formation.' { The result was the obtaining of 143 returns from schools in Ceylon, Australia, Natal, West Coast of Africa, and British North America. These returns are very elaborate, and must have cost Miss Nightingale much labor to reduce into tabular form ; but the worst of all is that the whole proves nothing, Miss Nightingale herself being witness. It is not often that an authors commences a book *' in this style :' — ' If it is said on reading this paper, there is nothing in it, I answer, that is why I wrote it, because there is nothing in it, in order that something might come out of nothing. It is to show that statistics, capable of affording com plete practical results when wanted, have scarcely made a beginning in the colonies. It is to show that when the Colonial Office, with great labour and no little cost, has collected, and I, with the same, have reduced these materials, they are incapable of giving all the beneficial in formation expected. The material does not exist, or, if it does, it is in a very undeveloped state. Such as it is, I have tried to do the best I could with it. And this is the result.' No doubt, as Miss Nightingale remarks, sta tistics capable of yielding & practical result have yet to be studied in the colonies, but her labors are by no means worthless,— for it is something toward the discovery of causes to be enabled to refer to authenticated facts. This, thanks to Miss Nightingale, the readers of her pamphlet can do. In almost every return it appears that the colored races begin to die away as soon as the white races make their appearance in the same locality. This is primarily accounted for by the blacks learning the vices of the whites ; but not exclusively so. On the contrary, the very efforts made to comfort the blacks often destroy them. Clothing the children sacrifices many lives ; taking them to school for education sacrifices many more; and the attempts to civilize the natives in numerous instances vlead to fatal re sults. This, in fact, was all along suspected ; and hence in issuing a circular soliciting information, Miss Nightingale asks — ' Can we civilize the natives without killing them ?' Many of the witnesses evade a direct answer to this ques tion, but the result of the 'whole enquiry is to prove that practical efforts to subject the natives to civilizing processes in the majority of cases are destructive to aboriginal life. Almost the first idea of the philanthropist is that of clothing the poor natives ; yet ' clothing the naked' is a dangerous experiment, and has cost many aboriginal lives, as Miss Nightingale plainly shows. Apart altogether] from the mortality caused by drunkenness and other vices, the weight of evidence is irresistible as to the injurious effects of a partial civilization upon races who are thereby rendered incapable of sustaining themselves as formerly in their wild state, and who are incapable of suddenly adopting the habits of their white neighbours. Miss Nightingale's book does not contain anything relative to South Australian aboriginals beyond what the public have already seen in the report of the Select Committee of the Legislative Council on [this subject. There are, however, some interesting facts and figures relative to the tribes about ^Melbourne. Mr. Wm. Thomas, guardian of aborigines in Victoria, gives tables showing the number of aboriginal natives who were born, and also those who died in the Yarra and Western Port Districts from the 1st of April, 1839, to the 31st of December, 1859\. During that period— 20 years — the total births in the Yarra tribe were 17 ; the deaths 71\. In the Western Port tribes the births were 4; the deaths, 66. Other tribes journeying through the same districts, births, 7 ; deaths, 75\. Total births, 28 ; total deaths, 210 ! It is needless to say that these tribes will in a very few years have wholly disappeared. The deaths, including 15 murdered, five executed, one shot himself, two shot by the authorities, two died in jau, one aiea atter leg amputated, two aiea oi grief, one of violence, one of wounds, one speared, 10 of drunkenness, two poisoned. Total, 43 unnatural deaths, not to say how many of the remaining died from causes directly or indirectly traceable to their connection with the white man. In this way are the native races fast disappearing, nor is it possible to avert what appears to be their inevita ble destiny. Not that the disappearance of inferior races ought to give [us Tany concern, provided that they die out in the ^course of nature, and are not hastened on towards ex tinction by their contact with what i is called 'civilization.' Their doom is fixed with un erring certainty, and all that can be done for them is to mitigate their troubles, to protect them against injustice, and to take care that we do not 'kill them' in the process of' civilizing.' There is no doubt whatever that so far as their physical wants are concerned those are their best friends who keep them away from ' civilization,' not those who bring them to it. SHotriD the Geeat Eastebn go to Melbourne it will be a much better ' draw' than the Keans, or than the All England Eleven. We do not say it will attract greater crowds of Melbournites, — what we mean is, it will draw many more visitors from the neighbouring colonies than any other attraction has yet sufficed to do. All who want to go to Melbourne on business would take care to go when the ' great ship' was there ; and all who want to visit Melbourne for a pleasure-trip, or to see the capital of the modern El Dorado, would be sure to go then. We wonder some Melbourne Barnum does not offer a subsidy to the Great Eastern Ship Company, if only for the sake of drawing the southern hemisphere to Melbourne. And it is by no means unlikely that this huge specimen of naval architecture will visit this part of the world. Clearly enough the New York trade does not pay; the trade on that line being ' paralysed by competition.' The fact seems to be established, at least so far as regards the Atlantic trade, that ships beyond a certain tonnage cannot compete financially with smaller ones. In 1860 the loss to the owners was £4,700 per voyage ; in 1861 it was £6,500 per voyage ; in 1862 it wes £4,800 per voyage ; and in 1863, down to the middle of October, it was £6,493 loss per voyage. Every year was a loss, every voyage was a loss, the total loss on the American trade being £161,897. So unlucky has been the New York trade that the 'big ship ' is now dunned by no end of importunate creditors, and the only way of staving off absolute bankruptcy is to raise fresh funds for instant obligations, and then to send the ship out to India or Australia. The final decision of the proprietors was adjourned until November 3, on which day it would be de cided whether the ship should be absolutely sold to the highest bidder, or whether money should be raised to satisfy the demands of the more pressing creditors, and to place the monster vessel on the Indo- Australian line. The probability is that she will be placed on the berth for India or Australia, or for both. Mr. Hawes, at an adjourned meeting of share holders held October 12, submitted the following facts and figures : — ' The ship was designed to go at the rate of 14 knots per hour for long voyages, so as to accomplish the distance from England to India or Australia in about 36 days. There was a remarkable unanimity in the public papers as to the capabilities of the ship under good and efficient management;, He proposed to 'bow that by taking the expenses of the ship for the ] past three and a half years, which were much ' greater than they ought to be, and assuming them to be the same for the Indian or Austra lian trade during that period, the result would be very different to that of the American trade. About 9,000 or 10,000 tons of coal would be ^ sufficient for the voyage to India, the speed 1U being at the rate of 12| miles per hour, but they only proposed to go at 11 knots per hour, which would give 2\ days more on the voyage, and save a large quantity of fuel. The distance to India round by the Cape of Good Hope would be accomplished in about 43 days. The Peninsular and Oriental Company performed the distance in 38 day3, at a charge to each passenger of about £130, while he proposed they should charge £70 out and £80 home for each passenger. There were about 500 or 600 passengers per month between Calcutta and England, - and they estimated they would get 200 passengers. There were about 1,000 troops at about £20 each, and there were about 5,000 tons of freight. He calculated £125,000 as the receipts out and home. He estimated the cost of coals at £32,000, victualling at £20,000, wages at £30,000, and port dues, &c;, at £12,500, or about £94,500. Now if those calculations were correct, the results would be very different from the American voyages. They could not sell the ship at the present time without incurring a loss of at Iea9t £150,000, while, if they would raise £50,000 among them, it would be sufficient to relieve the Company from pressing liabilities and fit her out for a voyage to India.. They esti mated the present debts of the Company at £35,000, and the outfit of the ship at £25,000. He then read the report of the Committee, which was of considerable length. It spoke in high terms of the engineering skill of Captain Paton, the commander, and that the ship was admirably adapted to the East Indian or Australian trade. She had averaged 12| knots an hour on the American trade, consuming from 240 to 280 tons of coal per day, but by reducing the speed to 11 knots per hour, a reduction of about one third of the coal would be effected, and she would accomplish the voyage to India in 45 days, and the consumption would not exceed ^_ 9,000 tons of coals. The receipts in three years and a half on the American trade only amounted to £153,000, including £33,000 received from persons visiting the vessel ; but on the Indian or Australian trade they would have obtained in the same time £600,000, at a cost of only £170,000, leaving an ample margin for every thing, including good dividends on the ordinary shares.' The tenor of the above remarks is strongly in favor of the Indian trade only, but Mr. Scott Russell, the builder of the ship, followed with a few observations to the effect that the Great Eastern was admirably adapted for the Aus tralian trade. The report of the Special Com mittee appointed to investigate the affairs of the Company affirms that the receipts of five Aus tralian voyages would probably treble the j receipts of the three years and a-half on the American trade. It may be doubtful whether the Great Eastern will take so large a portion of the Indian trade as to justify re stricting her to'that line ; and we may therefore not unreasonably expect to see in these waters the greatest wonder of naval architecture the world has ever produced. 