COUNTRY NEWS. CASTLEMAINE. (from the mount alexander mail. june 10.) Discovery of a rich Lead at Holcombe. Some few weeks since we gave publicity to the fact of several applications having been made to the mining registrar at Fryerstown for large areas of ground on the Loddon, be- tween Heron's hill and Holcombe It ap- pears the applicants have been steadily prospecting their ground since that time, the result of which is the opening of a new lead of gold in the district of Fryers. The Hol- combe Company bottomed their first shaft on Monday, we believe, and the result of the first load of washing-stuff was 1oz. 6dwt. of the precious ore. Immediately the fact be- came known, the shares, on which only £2 are paid, rose to £20, and cannot be had at that price. This important find must surely open a new era in Fryers' Creek. From Holcombe to Glenluce, a whole series of trap formed hills are untouched. Attention is now being drawn to them, however, and a ten men's frontage was granted to Roberts and party on Saturday last on Heron's-hill, This part of the district was the scene of a small rush some three years since, but not one tunnel was driven beyond the brow. The present proprietors are determined to drive under the table land, being fully persuaded that a lead is there, and we think they are correct in their surmise. An application for twenty acres is now lodged with the registrar by some parties from Daylesford. The ground proposed to be worked is about a mile on the Fryerstown side of Holcombe. DAYLESFORD. (from the express, june 14.) Fossil Wood.-We have been shown a large piece of fossil wood, from the claim of the Defiance Company. The specimen was nearly sound, though considerably charred on one side. It formed part of the trunk of a tree, about twelve feet long and two feet thick, which was wholly converted into char- coal. Near it were found several tufts of kangaroo grass, fully three feet high, and per- fect in shape, though too tender to be got out whole. The wood and grass rested on the bedrock, at a depth of ninety feet from the surface. The overlying deposits included the usual alluvial strata, in addition to a mass of basalt forty or fifty feet in thickness, The discovery ís interesting geologically, showing as it does that at a very remote era bush-fires swept over the surface of the country, precisely as they do at the present date. Daylesford Escort.-The escort to-day takes down 3,271½oz., one-half of which, we believe, is forwarded by the Union Bank. The National Bank, having no Castlemaine agency, sends its gold to Melbourne by private hand. Last Week's Yields:-Corinella Com- pany (four weeks), 440oz ; New Wombat-hill Company, 211¾oz. ; Cornish and York Com pany, 60oz ; Defiance Company, 181¼oz,; Concordia Company, 45oz. ; Haphazard Com- pany, 375¾oz. ; Crown Company, 40oz. ; Speci- men-hill Company, 84¾oz. : Havelock Com- pany, 20¼oz. ; Wonderful Reef (Stoker and Co ), 20oz, The Haphazard Company declared a dividend ot £87 per share. The gold of the Corinella Company, as usual, contained a considerable number of nuggets. BALLARAT, (from THE STAR, JUNE 16) The Cavalry Review.-About four o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, twenty-two of the Bacchus Marsh troop of Prince of Wales V.V. Light Horse, under the command of Lieut. Grant, arrived in town, to take part in the general parade on Friday. The men rode from the Marsh, a distance of about thirty miles, and on their arrival they were quar tered at Craig's Hotel, where they will re- main until the parade is over; the horses being also stabled at the bazaar attached to that establishment. The Geelong troop is expected by this morning's train, and on its arrival it will join in with the Ballarat and Bacchus Marsh troops, for eword and foot drill, on the Camp Reserve. At two o'clock there will be mounted parade, after which the men will march to the parade ground, opposite the Turf Hotel, where they will be joined by the Melbourne troop, ex pected to arrive at three o'clock. To-morrow morning, at ten o'clock, the four troops will again parade on the reserve, and afterwards march to the Racecourse, where they will be inspected by Colonel Anderson, the colonel commandant. It is to be hoped that the weather will remain favourable, so that the proceedings may be rendered as agree able as possible, especially as this is the first of the quarterly meetings arranged for the pur- pose of enabling the troops to parade en masse, so as to acquire a thorough knowledge of field movements, The cavalry ball will take place this evening, at the Mechanics Institute, and there will be no doubt a large attendance. The arrangements made for its celebration are on a somewhat extensive scale, and it is to be hoped they will give satisfaction. A Hot Dispute.-The dispute relative to the property at the corner of Eyre and Drum- mond streets, claimed by Mr. Loader and Mrs. Duke respectively, took another development on Wednesday. Fortified by the dismissal of the complaint against her in the police-court, Mrs. Duke yesterday headed a party of attack on the persons in possession for Mr. Loader, and a hot bar of iron being used to force open the door, entrance was obtained. The garrison succumbed before the hot iron bar and a simultaneous battery, a la Mrs. Duke, upon the windows with stones or other misiles, and the party of attack having thus obtained a complete victory became the party of occupation, and, we believe, still holds possession. The property was sold by Mr. Carver on Tuesday, to Mr. Ackroyd, for the sum of £525 or £530. 