HATffTTiTOSr COITMTY COUET. Wednesday, lUh May. (Before Bis Honor Jndge Clarke.) Grant c. Sail.— In this case the amount sned for had been paid since ihe commencement of the action, and the suit was cont inned merely for the recovery of the costs. Plaintiff bad himself received the money aud given a receipt fovit. His Honor said bethought if a complainant received the amount of a debt in this way be could not continue the action to recover costs. Verdict for defendant. Same v. Duncan Stewart.— Settled. Same o. J. CosteUo.—Mr. Powell for plaintiff, and Mr. Lamont. instructed by Mr. Kunn, for defendant. Tbis wai an action brought to recover £7 its, the balance of an hotel hllL The peculiar feature of the case w.-.s that the bill included the item of 23 g lasses one day, 67 glasses tbe next day, and 42 the day after. The explanation of tbe plaintiff was that the defendant was drinking: at bis house ktSandford, bnt that tbe great bulk of ihe 'pU.BM ?? vera consumed by other parries who the defendant treated, and altlftngh at tbe time of 'elionring,' nnder tbe influence of drink, ne was not so tipsy as not to know what he was doing and to be responsible for biB actions. Iii hlB 'evi- dence the defendant flatly denied the plaintiff's assertions as to the wholesale treating, and further put in a set-off for tbe hire of a horse, amounting to £4 15s. The case occupied a considerable tune, the evidence of the whole affair being very contradictory. His Honor gave a verdict for £3 108. Costs, £2 16s lOd. Grant v. CherUon.— Mr. Powell for plaintiff, ana Hr. Nolan, instructed by Hr. Palmer, for defendant. Plaintiff claimed £12 6s balance of an account for reaping- twenty acres of wheat with a reaping machine, charged at 183 per acre. It appeared that the defendant bad been . employed on the machine for the season as slccrer, and was thus en gaged for eleven days ; for this he was allowed ten shil lings a day. Defendant alleged, bowever, that tbe ngree ment made between him and plaintiff was that he was to give bis services for the season in steering the machine, and in return for which he was to have the ioau of the ma chine in taking off his own crop of twenty acres. Tlie whole case turned upon this difference. In support of the defendant's version a witness was prodoced who heard the arrangement, and who understood that it was as stated by tbe defendant. His Honor said lie thought the weight of the evidence was in favour of the defendant, and he should give a verdict accordingly. Costs, £l 3s Ed. B. K. Powett v. Hardy.— Action for attorney's bill for £3 the prof e&Eiorjal; services were rendered. Verdict for £2 12s anu 3s costs. Executors of P. Basin e. J. M-Lcsm.— Defendant ad mitted the debt. Verdict for amount £1 17s and 25s costs. Same v. T. Matt— Settled. Same v. A. Cambridge.— Case struck ont, the service being bad, tbe summons having been served on & child of only twelve years of age. /-. A. Beath v. Alexander Sad. —Action for £13 15s sd for rent. Mr. Nolan for plaintiff. Hr. Nnnn, for defendant, admitted the claim, bat asked for time. Order for the amount with £3 us 4d. Execution stayed for a week. Same r. A. ifimr».— Settled. jD. Lauilaw c. T. Canker.— Action to recover the amount of a dishonoured cheque for £21 lls. There was no ap pearance on tbe part of the defendant, and tue signature being proved, and also the want of sufficient funds, a ver dict w&s; given for the amount, with £7 17s costs. B. N. Powell v. Beclett.— Action on bill of exchange for £12. Defendant did not appear, and a verdict was given for the amount, with costB. Daniel Bourlce r, T. French.- -Mr. Limont, instructed by Mr. Powell, lor plaintiff; and Mr. Nolan, instructed by Hr. Palmer, for tbe defence. The action was brought to re cover the sum of £34 4a 4d, balance for wages and carriage of wool, alleged to be due from the proprietors of the Kan awalla station. The plaintiff had been a long time on the station, employed in various capacities, and last year he and hlB son were employed to cart down wool to Geelong, and to bring back loading for the station. It appeared that owing to the bad state of the roads the drays did not arrive at Geelong until they were long overdue, and when there there was no back loading for them ; they were, however, loaded after some delay, and delivered their freight at Eyliar station. Tbe defence was, first, that there was no balance due to the plaintiff at all ; and, secondly, that, the wrong party was sued. The Judge con sidered the bitter objection fatal. French was admittedly an agent, but it appeared, from the whole case, that bis srineip&l;(HT. Austin) was admitted and acknowledged as the owner of tbe Kanawalla station, on which the plaintiff had been working, and from which tbe loading had been taken. It was moat important that In these cases the owners of stations should be sned where they were thoroughly known, in preference to parties who were only the managers ; if it were not eo, managcre, probably after leaving their employments, might be sued and ruined for debbfSiey had Incurred, or for acts they bad committed on behalf of Other patties. There was no doubt that in the present ease the plaintiff knew that Mr. Austin was the proprietor, or one of the proprietors, of tbe station, and that Mr. French, was only acting as manager of the station, and, consequently as an agent. His Honor, therefore, ordered a nonsuit, with £2 2s costs. G. mown v. C. ZovelL— Mr. Lamont for plaintiff : the defendant in person. This was an action brought to re cover the sum ot £39 16B on a bill of exchange. The case occupied a considerable time, and caused some amusement in consequence of the exatei state of the plaintiff, who was very nearly being sent to gaol lor twenty-four hours. As he was not In a fit state to be examined, and his wife was not present to prove the case, whieh was disputed tntoto by the defendant, the case resulted in a nonsuit, with £1 BamuA White v. Executors of P. Bergin.— . EnmtorsofO. Cotdham v. H. White.— the above two cases were postponed until the next sittings, on the appli cation or fir7.FWmer, on behalf of Mrs. White, on the CToundB that Mr. Shinnoofc, her manager, was unable to itf-end as a witness. Having met with an accident. Costs ofthe day allowed in each case- . Thursday, VSth May. . (Before His Honor Judge Clark, and Two Assessors.) . Lane v. S. BonKflff.— Mr. Lamont, Instructed by Mr. Powell, for the plaintiff; and MT. Nolan; Instructed by Mestral Cox and Palmer, for the defendant. This case had bees set down for trial at tbe last hearing ofthe Court, but His Honor said that as he had ou two previous occasions tried cases arising cot of the same t3resmstan.ee, he would rather th»t In ihe present Instance it should be tried by Assessors. The ease was accordingly postponed to the present time. The damage claimed to be recovered irom the defendant was Incurred by a bush-fire, which, it was alleged, ans occasioned by thenegUgence ofthe defendant, or men ta bis employ. The affair occurred in January, lBf3.when.«wnibereinembered.a very large partof the country in this district was .burnt by buBh fires. On the night of the Jth, Mr. Harding, assisted by Mr. Kemp, his Buperinteadentaudsevetal men, was taming a etrip on thsbotmdaiyof his mn. They were thus engaged until abont sundown. It appeared quite evident that conglder ^e pain* were taWfiyhtamen to extinguish the fire as they went along, but It was alleged, for the plaintiff's cue, that these means bad not proved BUffldent, as some log most have :been. left burning, which, during the night, when the wind rose, blued op, spread the te i tothesrass outside the strip, and extended for milea, destrojfiura great amo^tof^«mertv.tocludimj««t now .ought to be recovered for. The defendantls the proprictorof toe Devon, Park station, near Mount Sturgeon, and the plaintiff re sides at Monnt House, in which direction tbe fire in ques tion spread. The defence was, as in the previous cases that after burning the strip all fire mas extinguished, ana that the bush-fire in question was spread from one which had been ignited elsewhere, and had come from the direc tion of Croxton. The case occupied Irom 10 o'clock in the mornin' until nearly 4 o'clock in the afternoon, there being a large num ber of witnesses examined on each aide. The evidence, in the main, was exactly similar to that given ou tbe previous occasion, being extremely contradictor}-. Accordin' to the evidence given for the plaintiff, there could be no doubt that the fire wbicb reached Jloutyt House had originated from tbe strip burnt by the defendant. On the other hand the deiendaut's witnesses as positively swore that the fire in question had come from the Croxton direction, and that ererf particle of fire had been extiuguinlied on the burnt strip. TlieUearGcd gentlemen each addressed t lie asses sors at some length, and His Honor Bummed up very miuutely reading a considerable portion of the evidence for the benefit of tne assessors. After retiring for a short time the assessors brought In a verdict for llitt ulaintifr damages £46 5s. Costs £31 15s 6d. Ardenv. Finding— Mr. Xolan forplainliff, and Sir. La mont for defendant. This action was brought to recover tbe sum of £10, under tbe following circumstances -— Plaintiff entrubtcd the defendant with Hie salo of anumier of horses, putting on each a specific reserve price. De fendaut sold the horses, borne of them brought more than the leserve price, and some fetched Ies6, but ihe total amiuntofthe Bale came up, and indeed slightly exceeded he total amount ofthe reserves, but it was contended the defendant bad no right to sell any one of the horses at & lower price than the limit named particularly for each. After the case had been completed His Honor said (hat le thought in cases similar to this, when persons were in terested with the sale of stock, that they were entitled to exercise some amount of discretion, and as the gross Bum realised equalled the gross amountof the reserve he should direct a nonsuit, each party to pay their own costs. The Court tben adjourned until the following (this) day. 