SUFFERERS Bl" BÜSU-FIRES. TO THE EDITOB OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-In the hope that you will kindly advocate tho cause of thoBe who have bien left without house and home through the fires which raged so extensively on Monday, 27th ult., by bringing their wants before the public in your widely-circulated piper, I beg leave to state, that many within two miles from my residence biive lost all that they have made for years, r/nd have had to escape from their houses, which were quickly de- voured by the flames. One mother was obliged to eEcape with on infant only three wet ks old ; and two others who were daily expecting au increase to their families. In many cases, eveiything was reduced to oshos, including, house, bods, and bedding, and even wealing apparel, excepting what they bad on them in their flight, which, as you may imngine, on such a day was the very worst that they possessed. I have bad the pain of witnessing whole familieB - some numbering six or seven children-literally sitting in dust nnd ashes. Had these calamities been limited to a few individuals, Boraetbing, perhaps, could have been done to relieve them hero ; but I do not know of any in this district who will not seriously feel the effects, directly or indi- rectly, on thimselveR. The pnblic of Melbourne have always shown great sympathy where thoro is real distress, and will, I have no doubt, do some- thing worthy of so great and so wealthy a city in the present eise if the matter is only brought before them. Unless you can think of something more feasible, might I isk if you will kindly sug- gest that a meetirfg be called without delay, office-bearers appointed, and contributions solicited throughout the colony ? And while I should hope that some permanent assist- ance will be ultimately afforded to the heavy sufferers, perhaps means may be devised without delay for affording temporary relief to those who are reduced to abject want. I have the honour to bo, Sir, Your mcBt obedient servant, M. II. ASHE. Tue Electric Fluid.-Tho following light- ning story Bhows us why the telegraph is Bo given to lying:-In a little seaporton Long Island Sound, not many hours' from the me- tropolis, resides an old coasting skipper, whose marvellous taits of adventure by sea and land, if collected and published, would render the copyright of Muncbausen'a travels worthless. Here is a story of his for a sample :-" It's close on thirty years ago that I was coming down the Sound in the old sloop Sally; 'twas summer time, and the wind was to south'ard. All of a sudden the wind died awoy, and it commenced thiclc 'ning np to north'aid and wesfurd. I had an idee that we wai goin' to hev a thunder squabble, and took in sail and waited for it. Byme-by here it come, feather-whit« as fur as you could see ; and such thunder and light- ning and ram as I guess was nover seen before in these latitudes. Tho mate was nt tho helm, and I wbb standing at the com- panion-way, the lightning striking all around the sloop, when suddenly, after a big flash, I felt a curious feeling-a cold chill, like I had swallowed quicksilver, come over me. I got down below as soon as I could, and set down on the locker, feeling mighty streaked, I can tell you 1 The squall soon paBsed over, and I felt all right, except an orí accountable feeling about my feet. I sung out for the cook, who pulled off my boots, and, strange to say, although it is the truth, I turned out of each one nigh on to a pint of the electric finid."-"Editor's Drawer," in Harper's Neio Monthly Magazine. 