I . AGRICULTURAL REPORT. I -« Wednesday, Oct. i.¡ Neither prospects nor prices have changed much since lost wcok. Importers of flour have been firm in their demands ; but as the millers are underselling them, what little business there is goos to these. As the sup- pliée of wheat and flour now coming in are about equal to the consumption, there is little probability of any material chango in prices until new wheat begins to reach us from South Australia, unless shipments from California should be resumed before then. Holders of oats havo been rather confident of an advance again, but this will depend en- tirely on the quantity of maize that comes in from New South Wales, where there ap- pears to be plenty to spare yet. Tho price ofhayisBtili declining, although there has been no increase in the quantity sent to market. But the demand appears to be steadily falling off, in consequence of the cheap rate at which chaff, as well as hay and straw, are 'supplied by rail, and the abun- dance of green stuff just now. In South Australia, the wheat crop is still said to promise well, although the blight ia extending in places. But there can be no certainty for a fow weeks yet, and tho far mors there will be fortunate if they get even as good a return as they had last year. In roany parts of New South Wales, tho con- tinued drought is causing much alarm, and old colonists are beginning to look forward to such scarcity and high prices as they have Buffered 'from only once or twice before In almost all portions of the colony away from the coast, the nights aro cold and the days dry, with a strong wind blowing, so that tbo fow showers which fell have had little effect in causing tho grass, or anything olao, to grow. Springs are failing which have not been dry for many years, and in not a few districts cattlo and horses arc actually dying from starvation, and this at the timo whou food ought to bo most abundant. Where thero is grass, bush-fires aro already sweeping this off, it is so dry. As to fat cattle, these are becom- ing more scarce every day, and wherever a few are to be found within reach of a ship- ping port, there an ogont from Victoria at once makes his appearance. Evon Queens- land has been reached already, and arrange- ments are now being made for the shipment of whatever fat cattle aro to be obtained from that colony. If the drought continues, and of this there is almost a certainty now, meat will be higher in price and worse in quality before long than it has ever been in Mel- bourne before. And as to bread, there is little chance of this being cheap, for although the crops here as well as in South Australia are mostly promising a good yield as yet, the ground has not moisture enough in it to enable these to withstand the effect o: dry weather, should this set in early. The entries for the Port Phillip Society's show next week closed on Monday, and in some classes there will be a falling off, as wat to be anticipated, and in others an improve ment, even though theio is not the attrac tion of auch prizes as were offered at the National Show last year. This improvement is particularly to bo expected in the classes for sheep, of which thero aro upwards of 160 entries, eleven of four-tooth merino rams, and eighteen of young sheep of the same kind, be- sides five of aged ewes and nine of two- tooth owes. Then, in the classes for long-wools the entrieB are still more numerous, namely, fourteen of Leicester rams, four-tooth and up wards, and twenty-one of young rams ; while of Leicester ewes there are thirteen entries o the older sheep and seventeen of the younger Of Down rams, of nil Borts, there aro onlj eight entries, and of the brown and blacl faced ewes five. The Cotswolds will not bl strong in numbers, the entries of rams belnt only five, and of owes two. The Lincolns w11 be more numerous, there being ten rams en tered and six pairs of ewes. With regard te the shearing match, nothing definite has beer arranged, but there are to be some sheep shori in the yard besides that bolonging to Mr. Bear Of cattle the entries are few, but some of thi bulls aro from New Zealand and Tasmania still, there will bo little competition ii any of the classes. Nor will the draught horse sections be well filled exceptlnj that for brood mares, of which then are nine entries. There will, however be three thoroughbred horses and threo mares besides the two American trotting horses anc a mare of the same blood. Of pigs thoro wil not bo very many, nor will the show of dairj produce bo great, the general scarcity havin< much rednced the entries both of butter am chceeo. In the poultry class, tho numbor o entries is precisely tho same as it was las year. The collection of machinery and im plemcnis will bo good, as many as sixtooi reapers, besides the usual number of steam engines and threBhing-machinos bein, entered, the only falling off being in regard t little things of no importance. The list of ex tras is pretty full, and the entries in all dinoun to over 600. If it were not for tho sheci the stook show would be but meagre but with so many of these in the yards thor will be nothing to complain of ; and what change there has been in this respect wlthi: the lastjtlve years I Draught horses bough and sold at several hundreds of pounds ead need to be the great foature and source c attraction to the yards, the few pens of shee being scarcely looked at, while on this ocob sion the horses will be most noted for thel absence, but the sheep will constitute a Bboi in themselves. And, speaking of Bhcop shows, wo may sa that the Intercolonial Champion Show c Merinoes in Tasmania this year may bs failure for all the Victorian breeders hav done to the contrary. Monday last was tb day on which the entries were to close, an as only one gentleman had then lodged au with the bon. secretary here (Mr. Ainslie), w may presumo thore will be no more compot tors from this colony, and unless thobroodoi of merinoes injthe adjoining colonies hav taken moro interest in tho Tasmanian sho than they did in tho show here, the prizi will not be awarded; for if thero aro ne four exhibitors from the other colonie the subscriptions are to ba returned witl out any decision as to the relativ merits of the animals shown being a rived at. We know not the reason fe the apatby displayed by the fine-wool me here, who are generally eager enough for thes contests, but, indeed, they are rendering poor return to the Tasmanian breeders, wb contributed so materially towards tho sue«« of the first show hero. Tho Geelong Society has entered a solem protest againBt tho National Show of Stoc and Implements being held at Castlomain and the Grain Show at Melbourne, to the i| norlng altogether of the society which clain to be second in size and ago in the colon; Melbourne is, wo presume, the too-high] favoured big brother aimed at in the curioi document embodying this protest, whic concludes by urging tho council to ca a special meeting of the Board of Agi culture at as early a date as possible, in ordi tbnt the arrangements complained of may 1 reconsidered. It certainly appears scarce] fair that Melbourne should have two of ti four national shows in as many years ; bi what chance would there be of a good nation show of grain at Geelong, for tue locality that only could bo altered notv, whoa ti society, EO reBpfctable for its size and age. b never been ablo to get up even a tolertb decent show of grain on its own ar-cou during ita long, if not veiy bcnufioial ox teucu. 