MISCELLANEOUS. The March sales of yearlings from the principal breeding studs of theo colony have mostly been held, but only compara tavely low prices have been realisd; the 'ighostr figuro. bqing--1o0 :guineoas for an own sittr ,to?rlvin, Jib th thbest~ , hoe ros ansor0foilediaa Vaitor?aa .,..?)i.. ?5r .,;,,;,a A ula~ly 'wont tLo1ponsult a doctor at, W'snn; ,in ,thlie, eveqsnpg- ejpsan -culled to: Bsay lielhed beon requested ?y: the intcdici min to idd a few s'ords to tho prbscrip tin: Te 'inioriemntl 'wis alono with the ladiy.hlie di?e''from'liiii ockist ' hiitidk6r.; clief strongl: iiipro~gnei ateld iith 'chloro form, and, dexterously plaing; it to her nos,:producdd instant, insonslbility$ i"'He then robbed thohbuse,'and decamped. ICoonREDa s?Dis.-Q unadroon n females,: although ithin the merestslhadeas white as .,tlhoe .Creole :,ladies; :are not 'por'? mitted ,to'.mnarry., with; wliteomen 'jyet, from their lieausty and .accomplishmorets; tlhey are generally inuch more fascinating tlihan, tlhir,,more favored. sisters.?- Theyo are.totally.eicluidcd from society, in what are,, called the, best: families, Ino; matter. hlca.beautifAl, graceful, and amiable they ntay ,be ,oveon although. known .. to, be daulghters of wealthy Amorican or Croole gentlemen. ., !..;I i S'Josh, Billings, in the Tro.X,~0 ews, gives us vweoldy scintillations of the ripest wis. dom ? .The last?is,in the form, of advices. to yaoungI::ldy as tohow, shelshall ro= colve a proposal..,?You ought totake.it kind,. loakig down .hill, sithi an expro-i shlun, 'abule half tickled, and half scart. After tho paop iz'oer, if yre luvver wants towe kiss youn I don t tthini I would, stay. yds or no. bht let the thing kind ol take?, its own course. T'ler? is one thing I hlve always .stuck tew, andt that iz, Igive ums olong .co rtslipps' and 'short' engage IMEThtegoo Ao??erRq.cxio 'S?,?toi r'o,. CArreiLE WiF LIViN 'With a stringI medsitre the' gii'th lehind itheli shoulder, blnades then-.ieasuar'e tlie leigtlh ildig' the Ikba-litie, fromn the tailto the fore, partof thle shoulder'blade: Thien si'dtiply 'tielf:gth!by thei lengtli, e'pressing'tle. product in isqinro feet. heon, if 'the; animal inhi'stire tore tlian S aiid loss than 7 feeoot' in- girtli, llow 23 lb. for each foot i if; more tit a 7 and less thin 9 'alloir 31' lb.; if less than 5 nnd:more than 3, allow 106 lb.; less tlian '3 fiot, allos'll. This eilculation will give the weroight oftlhe meat wilthil an foes pulinds.f Of "coirso, allowansce?nustbe onade if the cattleo are oitlterbxtr`ifat or'ektra poor.:'; ;..:..--:'Is ;, ::rDI:ESTnrANIS3a. AT SyDNeY. - (From Bell's L(~.)--The Sprint I?ace (2100 a lido, 155 yards),':bcetreen Malone and Jones, enmo off at llRandwick on the 11th instant, ~in..the, presence of.ulprards; of 1,500 spectators., At about 5 o'clock tlh mten too, the scratch, biut did not sueced,. itni flepting' a start suntil.O o'clock. tslhcn Jones 'got a lead of about a'. yard anid. a hailf.,. ýMaloneo. collared him at about 70 yards, and ran, in.an oissy jinnernby about. t3 or:4 yareds.'; ?Lio,bctting was veryslack,. it hoing two and ttreqato one, on, Malone w~isen at the scratcel' both tini o ?ere;in excellent condition-Jones haing.; beeni trineod , by "Forster, and -Mlone by H. Willians, of Windsor. We are igiven to;. understand that Malomio can be backed to. run any man in the colony 200 yards for 2200, but,anyonoe,from the sister colonioes wrishing to run. hima wmillhaj o 'to conme :hero for that purpose. The race was run ,in 18 secouds. ' ,,. i S.orsi.o e s' anei T.--irr lrrespecti'o.of the. nuimbar of : "ibis",whlch lfrequent: the plains, generally, , proving that ;there is a great scarcity of water .in the interior, ,Warwieck was --visited on. Wednesday os en?ng,Mitarch 15tli, by large flocks `of gdese, whluh. took to the- river and trees an' thdeimriindiato vicinitylof the town. So' sthpid'were tlioy, orb so:iunaoustonred .to the effodts of firearms, that out of a flock of twentyfone withiclh were roosted in one. locality; twenty of that niriiber fell before: the sportsmen preseit. The bird is the " somiipnlmiited g66o" of Botnnot (aise'r uases nmetad?lcna) ; hallf 'eb-footed ; beak browin, iith bluo tip'; plihmago, black and whlit; logs orange color, longer titan those of the tame goose, down, beautiful grey. They spend their time principally on land, frequenting tho.lagoons to breed and pro cure food. lTheo eggs are cream colored, anid the woight of the body, when plucked, about six.;pouinds. ?Leichardt speaks of thsin, ianliis ,ourneyLround..the lhcad of of the' Gulf of Carpontaria, and says they are oapitidl eating. Mr. Bennett classes them :vith .the stork. species, buti t0o the eyo they lfook like s' cross betwveen; the blhack' swarn and the domestio goose. -Darlii{q Doowns Gazolle.. . A: terrible accident ocodrred, on Sattr 'day last,= to- the mother-in-law -of Dr. Ge-ary, theo Kynetoc-district coroier, -by. is'hieth tlies:unfortunate lady was burnt in sucsla amininer as to render her chance of recovery exceedingly doubtfiul. "' It appoears," says the Observer, "that Mrs. Toomey wass.atanding with her back to the fire in the kitchenou--to which is fitted a colonial ovon=-wln alight muslin dress she oreo took fire, and she was quiclely envolopiedin flames. The pborlady, with. great presence of mtind, called to one of the seoriants to britig a blanket, which.sBh did;,iid .tho other ran for a buckot of ivatori The water weas :thrown on tho flami;, and mrs, Toomy' at thesanme time enveloping herselfin theo'blanket, theofiro was.extinguished, but'ndt bofore she wihs biurnt in- a fearfuli manner. The clothes wore biurnt almost bfl' her, both arms were briinrit,tthe right am and shdulder most sevreoly" as was alsothe right side, tlhe n appor prt of t he est; nnd the back be.o tssaon thelshouldois. Thohairwas singed, biit the ilower part of the body escapod. Dr Sinitha wis sent for, and was in atten dance in .a few minutes, and Dr. Kelly ahortiut fter arri?ied iand all was done fiar thei hifortunnio? lady that could. be under the circumstances, bit it is yet im pssable to say ngwhetlr ;ho: wll;recorer aught theio" skir(of Use clrees atliq waist, iand, it being muslin,th lro, 'oft??ours, quickly spread througi?h." It is^ isserted that IM. ~resnel a well. }known Fronch, ngine; r, hns discovered 'tliatiti would bhe possible to join the Gulf :of0fDarion and the Bay ofPIanama by a Guttinrig requiiring no great worki; and only sityeig'~iht kilometres long." 'A horiblo occurrence' las taken place 'at" Tanunda I.A German shot a girl tlhrough the left -breast. -and then de stroyed himself. with a-revolver. Twenty four shots have been oetractetl from the poor girl's-breast; She-still survives.- A rg u, A pril ,11 .; . i- iht iaving boon resolved to rorm a Pro; tdction: League in Collingwood; a number .of .getlemen :met :lastevoning: at the Grace ;Darlin:g :Iotel,,Smith, street,. toa triako the oinitinatory, stops. ;m!r.r T. W. Pay3no: was requested Ito, preside, Mr. Councillor.Watkinsleingunahle. to attend About forty persons enrolled their, names as -members' of them"league,. and, a com 'mitteo of twolro wasi appointed: to draw inp R code of rules, and:othnsrwiso to take, the necessary, steps,to: organisa the asso ciation-:AgeiApri-12.sL .". I ;Wii"hnderstnd that ithe Government do 'tot at present dontemplate any works fdr carrying off tlhe flood' waters of the 'Yai"a beyoiid' lot ring the Falls by three' feet. ..This work is nnoy"' proceeding. Durinl the reminovl of soine of the houl deors, the discovery was mlndo that abouit twentv of the woodlen pier?sihiels support tlho Pa'llsibridrlod wgrznelys$wn' tltrough. iTl hie i'ut.in oea easo .wasisaeio?-rulanrh 'and there .is little donlitthat, but for the tiinely detectionb, tle oliridgi soouldlhavro boon)swept: away, by. the next floobds.. :Prompt measures will Ie.tadlen to r?iisdy, the injury;. and it is to beo. hped tlist the. perpetrators off,th oile anet ill spedily be brought;to justico. ,.dl 'p;r'I 11. i;The first geoeral,,m'ieting' f hare-. holders in .the Victoriia arid i erina 'Pastoral Association was held yes rday afternoon, at the ?Oriteriodf??oto . A ?ery favourable report on the con ition of the i-iusin p bisoesion' of-'the as ik. tioii' ?ais:iroeived frori'theo tin'iiger 'Mr.' J:.Miller, ai;ho considere'd'that?for a cons: paratiecly 'smiill:' cot' the' Wholo 6e' the. country taikeisp could ieo indei ava ]able .for'a ny description of hstock. '"'The bianc' -shli't"'ii'ro'sted '.'shoiwed: ' a sji' of £,1;l6ft2s 4d to the credit of the asocia tiori in tli' bank. Thl ' directors' rport was received and adopted, and order d to be printed for circulation impng thesare holders. Mr. M`'illop and Mr. Banld were appointdd auditors for.:the enising ?ear: and Messrs. J. -Davis and J.VW. M'Conims; ,retiring: dicoctors,' were .re elected.- Argi ;'April 11. i . The .Bhudr st Tismes predicts the eolf breaking iiu or';xtiietion of" Hallr's gan. ' It remarks :-`7: The strenuous ecdeavorsl mnade in the soutli to 'caitiure tlhese villains seeums to be harassing, iind telling ulon them with terribloe eoffet; and the accounts ao read, of ,thel nervousness 'exhibited by Hall' ai d'the watLchfuliiess and suspi clon. theoy 'display. towards all whom they meet,' toll of the strainiing vigilance tlioy are compelled to maintain in order toelude capture.o A gentlem:an lately: from the Lachlan, informs ius that the bushnli gdrs wert.cmet in the bush ain. that ; localit., 'thoroughly worn out and knockedLup witl their journey across the country. They .were in a imiiserable plight, being com polled to leid their horses oser the moun tain passes, aind the tramp had swollen aund inflamed their. feet. The success of their. robbery of M'r. Jones's store will proba blyeonable theim to purchase safety for a time-; blt the pursuit sh'ouldli;o: kpt.up with unyielding, vigour. on. all.sides, so that, wit tlhe ti rror 'alhii"is being in spired by the Felon's Approehension.:Bill, and the unccasing wear upon body and mind which they must feel by the manner 'in which they aroeto bo,hanted, it would: be impossible for the vagabonds to ronmin at largeo:for,'a' much ,greater length of time. ."i A.second trial.of the ccntrifiigal amal gamitbi,: ,patended' by Messrs. Evans Brothoi's,'of the Parksido ironworks, took lilaned o Sattirday' lifterinoon, in the presence of the ?ieo. the M'inister of Mines, a number, of lsharobrokers, and other gentlddeni':iterested 'in''nmining affairs. c Asia description oftlie machinio has proviotisly, appeared in our columns, it ;will suflice to say that, although there .was, not a snflliciont. supply of water, to exhibit it to fill. advantage, the trial, so far as it weont, -,was very)csatisfactory. The circular besin was charged with eight bottles of mercury, at.quantity sullicient. to cover the bottom.to about the depth of lialf-an-iichl: The funnel round the shaft. iwas fed by a stream -of. sand and water which flowed along',the grooves.botweon the "mullor" and the mercury, and,'liy this rotary motion, was. carried round and 'round' continually, at the same' tinte making its way very near this, edgoewhieo.; thlie. sand and water esoapos?:between the rim of the o.basin - and margin. of. the. " mullor.:. The object: of the mllachine, is to. secure, a perfect amalganmation.of' the gold with the mercury, and, at theo;same time prevent anything liko?wasteof' the amalgas, wvhich -h ,. hitherto 'been the dimeculty ii tho.' constriucbtion of naehines of this nature. The vsitors,: on Saturday,. appeared to be satisfied with the inunier in which the machine vworked, and the simplicity' of its constriiuction and action. IThe following instance of, the sagacity of a .dog-is thus roportedi,y Saturday Geelon Advertisor :--" "A happy rovorse from."hat mighlt have pos ed a fatal ci-. de!it was offecdted by a.ddg on Thursday· last: in'd theo'incident is wortyl of record maiding' tlib'"sigiihit3o f:tlheog° mid tie providontinl. interposition' brouglt-' to bear. ' "woman" Inamed'iMrs. naine, niarried' to 'iide of the late servants of a fairmer of the 'district, vent :doswn t6 tlo Barion River,'nceir Gry?oinill, with a piannalin .t&dip; wnator'. wVhilst ih' tlhe eact of doing so, she overnalanced herself end feoll into thle rivbr hIled fdieindst, and, ou. coining to hersolf, found thiit she was floating down the rivoie still holding the dipper, and supportbd .by lier olothes that were inflated. In tumbling intd tho river Msrs. Maaindi 'made ahksplash, and a dog came down upon wher, barking londly; and making forocous gestures, until it reached the bank of the river, when it jumiped in, and swam off'.toltlie:poor woman men tioned, who was naturally alarmed, not only,at hler position in the water, for slhe rwas floating downwards, bltit at the savage appearance of thoe dog, whldoh; open. inouthed,: swam i from: the'Fshoro- and seiized' her, dragging hlier bly 'tlieotlods, wlhish ewra reat'to pieces.1 -"'5or did thes dog cease in its efforts uitil'M?s.Malne was toweitd ito ishallofi 'Withi, mid 'then draifgged ashoro stdp by 'stop'l by the sanga cious oreature and, ultimately lasded. dog is thies 'orty ofsomo person ii near the Barwonid Bridgeo, and the noble animal is reportedtd have done imi portent featsl: M Aight; it be' 'iuggostdd that anl hond?rny distinction sliould be confeired upon ihm,'sihli as an immunity fromni:the dog t~i P Of course, the owner of such a fins followl-iieets theo-i dwsrol lio wibuld seeook, by snay ' that dog is mineo,' " A prize light took place todoay, bi?t e n Ia Melbourne manu called "Motisn.e a:id an f Adelaide man called Griffin; for £50 a side. iThe Melbourne man won --f rygm, April11. : It is stated that Professor Silciman ex. amined part of SoutherncCalifornia in the summer, aind found oil, equal in quality to the best in Peunsylvoinia; struggling to the surflie, and running to waste down the rivers for'miles. It has been re garded as. ai: iuisance, rendering barren, tracts of laid of perhaps a mile square in the midst of a fine agricultural district. The 'dCyneton Obx'ereer says:-" The total claims from sulferers by the lato bush-fires are now in, and represent a stated loss of £9,I; ,1h's 8d.; 'made upl as :under :--Crops, 'i5,707. 17 lOd10; fencing; £1, 158 15s; buildings, £1.410 l sO ; lifrni tlure and' clothces, £'i31' 14,; stock, .C131 3', J d : grienltural implements, £95l Os. In the culire list not one of litho snllffercrs appears to has-oe been insured.. Tie above, we may ireiark,' does:not re present. nnythcing like, theo total loss,: as many avero not schtirin.claims who have scufltred, 1ving receiived relief b private sources, .nnd others not :feeling justified in ilemanding r*elief. The claucs have. we presumebeon sent in by parties only', who are in absolute distress, in eccordance with the resolution arrived at-to.relieve' none other tlian:ases of absolute dihtres. A distribution will,c we :presume, nshortly beu deI -r~j'-;LL~-- 