REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON RUST AND BLIGHT IN CEREALS. \- Tho foUowi^i appear as appendices to tlie annual report of tho Board of Agrioultnro : — Melbourne Botanic Gardens, 10th May, 1SG5. To the Council of tho Board of Agriculture. — Gentlemen, — I havo tho honor of submitting to you tho roport of. tho committee appointed 19th October, 1804, for the purpose of inquiring into the causes and tlio possible means of prevention ot tho iust in cereals. Tho committee, from' tho timo of its appointment up to this dato, has met almost every week. Mr Alexander Mackonzio undertook to visit certain localitios in whioh rust prevailed, ?with a view of efleoting tho most judicious selection of Htmi pies of soil and cereals required for examina tion, and to instituto such inquiries as only by ocular observation on iho spot could bo mado. Mr Mac kenzie's field labors extended over a period of five months, and in his special report to the board he has furnished some interesting notes on varions points which impressed themselves on his observa tion dnring the inspection of tho growing crops. The localities successively visited by Mr Mackenzie are : — In November, 1864: Tho farms of Mr Hapoth, abovo Point Honry, parish Moolap ; of Mr 1). Mac kenzie, BeHerino-hills, abovo Portarlington ; of Mr J. Gray, Dniieed ; of Mr J. Waltors, Modowarro ; of Mr J. Hollands, Modowarro. In December : Tho farms of Mr J. Sinclair, Por tarlington ; of Mr J. Wyllie, Clifton ; of Mr J. W. Soberts, Dnneod ; of Mr J. Wilson, Connowarre ; tho- Geelong Vineyard Company's land ; the farms of Mr Dardoll, Batesford ; of Mr Jonas Webber, Moorabool ; of Mr C. Prey, Sutherland's Crook ; of Mr J. M'Queen, near Moorabool ; of Mr J, Stout, Bruco's Creek ; several farms on tho north side of the Barwon and at Mount Dunoed ; the farms of Mr J. Honey, Barrabool-liillB ; of Mr J. Piper and Mr J. Ednoy, Barrabool-hills. In January, 18G5 : Tho farms of Mr Richard Greig, Bellerine-hills ; of Mr T. Carruthers, Drysdale ; of Mr D. M'Androw, Drysdale ; of Mr D. Sharpe, Bellerino-hills ; of Mr J. Hamilton, Bollerino-hills ; of Mr J. Wyllie, Moolap ; of Mr A. Kilpatrick, near Point Honry ; of Mr J. Coverdalo, Morangurlc ; ? cf Mr J. Cann, back of Highott's-hill ; tho Geelong Vineyard Company ; tho farms of Mr J. Biley, Fyan's Ford ; Mr P. Lynch, Fyan's Ford ; Ttfr T. Curruthers, Drysdale ; Mr R. Greig, Bel lerine-bills ; Mr W. Greig, Mr D. Sharpe, Mr Hamilton, Mr D. Mackenzie, Bellerine-hills ; Mr A. Kilpatrick, Moolap ; Mr R. Qunrrill, Duneod; Mr R. Boyle, Dunoed ; Mr S. Riches, Mount Moriao ; Mr J. H. Rylaud, Mount Moriao ; Mr J. Knight, Lovely Banks ; Mr D, Urquhart, Lake Conne ?warre. In February, 18C5 : Tbo farm of Mr J. Creig, Dunoed ; the Goolong Viueyard Company ; tho ' farms of Mr J. Sinclair, Warron Ponds ; of' Mr jPettavel, Colac-road ; of Mr W. Underwood, Barwon Heads ; of Mr Bowden, Barwon Heads ; of Mr Mortando, Duneod ; tho vineyards of Mr Hanson, of Mr Dardell, Bates' Ford ; of i Mr Webber, Moorabool ; the farms of Mr A. Arm strong, Puebla ; of Mr D. M'Intyre, Fresh Wator Creek. In March: The farms of Mr J. Parsons, Wabdallah ; of Mr A. McAdam, Coolebarghurk ; of Mr L. Fynn, Mr W. Ellis, Mr H. Cagwon, Mr J. Mackay, Coolebarghurk; of Mr J. Parker, Wabdallah; of Mr J. Wilson, Monnt Blowhard ; of Mr J. Ogilvy, Ascot ; varions farms noar Lako Lear month. Mount Blowhard, Mount Hollowback, Cog hill's Creek, and Ascot ; farms in the Birrngurra district, Larpont district, and Ondit district ; the farms of tho hon. C. Sladen, Old Missionary Station ; of Mr J. Mackenzie, Birragurra ; of Mr J. Dickman, Birragurra ; of Mr W. Sherman, near Colac ; of Mr Hugh Cameron, Larpent ; of Mr W. Walsh, Wannon-hills. The committee further issued a circular ( vide appendix A), which was transmitted to all the agricultural societies, urging them to send such samples of soil and grain as might present points of interest for elucidation, and to accompany it by any remarks which might suggest themselves as desirahlo for the com mittee's information. An arrangement was entered into with Mr Johnson, of St Kilda, for carrying on those chemical analyses of the corn plants and tho soil, which, in tho progress of the inquiry might bo deemed needful. The following is a list of tho associations und gentlemen who furnished spdeimens of soils and of more or less diseased cereals for examination : — Agricultural Society of Bacchus Maish, Agricul tural Society of Glendaruel, Agricultural Society of Hamilton, Agricultnral Society of Victorio, A. Arm strong, Puebla ; W. Bowden, Barwon Heads ; B. Boyle, Dnneed ; A. Kilpatrick, Moolap ; J. Knight, lovely Bank ; — Lindsay, Bacchus Marsh ; P. Lynch, Fyan's Ford ; A. McAdam, Coolebarghurk ; J. M* Andrews, Drysdale; J'. M'Donald, Holwhut; Brown Brothers ; J. Cann, HighottV-hill ; H. Cameron, Larpent ; J.Campbell, Geelong; H. Capron, Coolebarghurk ; J. Curruthers, Drysdale ; — Chandler; J. Christians, Newlands, through Victo rian Agricultural Society ; — Corndale, Duck Ponds ; J. Coverdale, Coures' Creek ; J. Dardell, Batesford ; E. Dickman, Birragurra ; J. Edney, Barrabool ; W. Ellis, Coolebarghurk ; P. H. Fan ning, Heidelberg, through Yiotorian Agricultural Society; J. Fox, Janefield, through Victorian Agri cultural Society ; A. M' Farland, A. M'Kenzio, Bel mont; D. M'Kenzie, Portarlington ; J. M'Kenzie, Birragurra; J. McKay, Coolebarghurk; J. M'Nuir, Barrabool-hills ; J. M'Queen, Moorabool Plains ; M. Mortando, Duneed ; J. Mj'er, Pentland-hills ; — Nicholson, Wliittlesea, through Victorian Agri cultural Society ; J. Parker, Wabdallah ; J. Parsons, i Wabdallah ; J. Pettavol, Colac-road ; J. Piper, Bara bool Hills; R. Quarril), Dnneed ; S. Riches, Mount Moriac ; J. Riloo, Fyan'n Ford, J. H. ltyland, Mount Moriac ; C. Frey, Sutherland's Creek ; L. Funn, Coolebarghurk ; Geelong Vineyard Company ; R. and W. Greig, Bellerine-hills ; J. Grey, Duneod ; J. Hamilton, Bellerine- hills ; — Harray, near junction of Leigh and Barwon; J. Hassett, Moolap ; W. Henderson, Barwon Heads ; J. Holland, Modewarre ; J. Honey, Barrabool-hills ; W. John ston, Pentland-hills ; D. Sharpe, Bellerino-hills ; W. Shearan, Colac; j. Sinclair, Barrabool ; J. Sin clair, Portarlington ; hon. C. Sladen, J. Stout, Murgeboluc; J. Frethowen, Connowarre ; W.Walsh ; Lake Corangamite ; J. Webber, Moorabool ; J. Willie, Clifton ; T. Wilson, Connowarre. 'In a preliminary report, presented to tho council of the Board of Agriculture on the 15th of Feb ruary, the main results of the committee's inquiry were briefly pointed out, with a view of rendering the information which they conveyed available to tho farming community already at this season. Moreover, on the 22ud March last, tho chairman of \- the committee delivered a lecture on ' Rust in Cereals,' and on subjects standing to the disease in closo relation, before tho Agricultural and Horticul tural Society of Bendigo ; uud, by the publication ! of this discourse,- through the courteous attention \- of the editor of the Bendigo livening News , such i information and ad /ices, us ut that stage of their pro ' ceedings tlie committee could atl'ord, havo been ?widely promulgated.- In submitting new a brief ' general report, tho committee wish it to be undor . stood that the inquiries before us, which of neces sity must bo of mugnitude, and must touch on many , points of all the sciences connected witb general agriculture, cannot be considered as concluded. If in Europe, where, since the days of the ancients, the banoof rust has engaged the attention of numerous observerr, aud among them, also, that of men of tho highest rank in modern science, ttill disparities of opinion exist on its origin and prevention, how much moro necessary is it tbat the corresponding j inquiries in this country, where the appearance of the rust-diseuso is surrounded with local phenomena novel to us and littlo understood, and where this inquiry, under peculiarities of climate and soil affecting the occurrence of tho fungus, have de novo to be institu.cd, should be extended over a length ened period, and certuinly over several seasons, ? before results fully confirmatory can be obtained 'I | In tho progress of this writing, we shall draw at § tention to several points of inquiry worthy of future j observation and experiment, and nhall succinctly \- allude to several of the scientific principles on i -which rational farming depends. Though this 1 may be deemed a deviation from the . Bnbject : allotted lo our investigation, we are still persuaded s that these principles, nevertheless, Bhould neither i be iygleeted nor misunderstood, if we hope to ' prod/ce field-fruits in so normal und healthy a con dition as is likely to secure them from invasion of disease. Tbo observations which are advanced in . this document have but ii^ a limited measure claims on originality. But it became the duty of tho committee to collect for itB report once more ail tbo well- established facts which 1 present themselves as eluciditiug tho subject before uh, although to theso general attention has been drawn, in moat instances, long ago, in agri cultural literature hero as well as abroad. Tho main evidence before us, as far as the bearing on this part of the question, points to the necessity of early lowing as one of the most needful measures to S .... ' ? _ secure, in seasons of rust, tho safety of wheat crops in this country. It is evidently preferable to in cur the increased expendituro of breaking up tho soil in dry weather, than to sacrifice timo by postponing tho preparation of tho soil under tho advantage of its saturation with rain. In a few instances a recommendation to tho rovorso has been advanced, and it has been urged that early sown crops aro proportionately moro prolific in stems and folingo than in seeds. As, however, by tho process of early tillage, tho cereals advance into ilowor boforo excessive heat sots in, wo aro likely to secure tho crop against thoso sudden enor mous vicissitudes of tho temperature which are prone to produco vulnoration of -tho epidermal tissues, under their sudden alternate expansion and cor traction, particularly should wetness bo followed by great lioat. It tho sap eliquoscent from points of mochanical ruptures, especially if this sap should not contain tho needful proportions of incombustible elements, tho seeds or spores of tho rust fungus aro as readily absorbed as brought into germination. Should the weather, particularly in wet seasons, continuo in such cases moist and warm, we will find a prodigious number of rust plants developed in rapid succession, with amazing swiftness maturing their soods, and diffusing them over, porhaps, wido tracts of tho country. Tho accumulation of theso minute vegetating parasites, especially on tho stems of the cereal, impedes the free flow of tho sap, and, in consuming and arresting it, prevents tlie young and weak fruit spikes to assimilate tbo needful nutriment during that advanced season of tho year when tho rust fuugus usually commits its ravagos ; while, in early sown crops, tho grain will havo absorbed already what is mainly needed for its BS3imilation and final matnrution, aud thin much more roadily withstand the assailing fungns. Moreovor, from early sowing, tho addi tional advantage will bo derived of secur ing in this climate tho field fruits against such occasionally excessive drought as will militate against their perfection. A second point of im portanco for guarding against tho detrimental effects of the rust is to bo sought in tho choico of thoso varieties of wheat which are early riponing, and aro armed with tho strongest coating of epi dermal silicious deposits, and which otherwise are distinguished for their hardiness. All tho so-called red varieties, and all early maturing kinds, aro therefore moro eligible immediately after periods of rust. It seems preferable to forego, at least tempo rarily, tho advantage of cultivating tho moro pro lific but also moro tender varieties, when wo know that these also so much easier fall tho proy of fungus growth. Thus tho rod spring wheat, Spald ings, tho rod Tuscan, the Uxbridge, tho Pedigree, tho rough chaff wheat, aro amongst thoso generally freo of rust ; whilo tho golden drop, tho white pro lific, tho white Tuscun, the club-oared, and Winds lows wheat, suffered most from the-disoase. Next, the committee most encouragingly can bear out the testimony of Sir Josoph Banks, enunciated in an essay as early as 1806, and then republished in Koenig and Siins's Journal, that tho seed of diseased wheat, though its albuminous por tion might have shrivelled oan bo em ployed for seed grain as long as the embryo is fairly developed. To this circumstance attention has been drawn by the agricultural press of this country before our inquiry. It renders the farmer, whoso crop by. tho attacks of rust may havo become, for Hour at least, comparatively worthless, iudopondont of seed grain, whenever it should be beyond his means to secure . the seed of thoso pre ferable varieties less liable to rust affections. But, still moro important is tho fact, over aud over proved on Victorian fields, according to tho infor mation gained by Mr Mackonzio from many a far mer, and according to numerous specimens selected and transmitted by him, that seeds of rusted wheat, iu most instances, produced a richer yield than' crops raised from tho host of imported grains, tho latter, wo need not say , taken from plauts free of rust. This apparent anomaly, rendered known, we believe, only through tho experience of the past Beasou, is, as yet, not satisfactorily explained. It suggests itself, howover, to our understanding, how, pro bably, crops may ariso quite of moderate fertility, from emaciated grains in rich soil ; whilo from tho seeds of a cereal grown in soil of a different geologioal origin, abnormal or oven over luxuriating crops may be produced, apt to bo carried off by disease. Neither chemical analysis nor comparisons of growing crops havo, as yet, been carried on to a sufficient extent to warrant estab lishing a theory on this subject; but it would appear that the plants which Buccumbed undor tho fungus were gonerally of an undue succulence, fiacidity and softness. This observation is borne out by a striking fact recorded hy Mr Ibotson, of Herefordshire, who imported some Tuscan seed wheat from Gummoracka, South Australia, but fonnd that, while on the same fields tho English pedigree, tho Spaldings, rod and rough chaff white wheat, remained perfectly free of disoaso, a crop raised from tho South Australian seed turned out very soft and was ruined by rust. This singular fact clearly demonstrates that the occurrence of rust is not dependent on climatic conditions alone, but moro likely on the effect and reaction of a variety of causes and of circumstances, none in themselves, perhaps, sufficient to produoe the disaster. It would point also to an innate susceptibility of certain va rieties to suffer from tho devastations of the fuugus. Next we have to pass to a consideration of the che mical results which were gained in this inquiry by Mr Johnson. The investigations of this gentleman, carried on to a recent date, havo almost invariably revealed a deficiency as woll of phosphoric acid as of lime and magnesia, in the many samples of both surface soil aud subsoil subjected to examination. Mr Johnson, with great propriety, points to the de sirability of adding to such soils lime, not merely to render it available as such, hut also to liberato by decomposition from the clays, silio acid nnd allumina, as well as potash and magnesia. To offer , tho phosphoric acid and the alkaline and earthy , buses necessary for a grain soil, either crushed bones, or for speedier action, hypophosphate of lime or any kind of guano rich in phosphates, or even merely well collected and well prepared farm yard manure, should be employed. Wo cannot refrain from dwelling on this subject, inasmuch as soils deficient in any of tlie requisite alkaiios, in alkaliuo earths, and in phosphoric acid, cannot possibly pro duce a normal crop, nor indeed a plentiful yield of grain. Tho cereal thus arising under insufficient nutrition caunot be constitutionally so vigorous as to withstand equally well the inclemency of weather or the temperaturo, or tho humidity of a season, or the abrupt alterations in the air, which aro not uufrequcnlly concomitant to the invasion of rust, as those cereals strenghened under normal assimilation of abundant incombustible food. Bat nevertheless certain varieties of cereal plants have a tendency to a lesser consumption of minoral substances thun others ; and these varieties, away from a climate genial to their growth, or influenced by a season of severity or humidity, may suffer from parasitical maladies which on tho stronger constituted cereal plants have littlo or no effect. Not sufficient time lias been allotted to compare by rigorous analysis the cntents of a considerable series of coreals freo of rust,- and others affected with tbis fungus, for tho purposo of throwing full light on this important ques tion — ono on which to pass an opinion from limited data would be unjustifiable. Wo beg, therefore, with Mr Johnson, to suggest tbat tho elucidation of this subject by chemical means should bo further pursued. Tbo analysis of virgin soils from forty different lo calities in Victoria, independently conducted for tho Board of Agriculture by Dr. Macadam, has taught us that tho incombustible substances on which plants rely for nutrition are largely wanting ovon in many soils of our colony previously uncultivated. We again, therefore, urge ou our farmers the advan tage of causing the soils of their estates to bo sub jected to chemical tests, so far as to lourn whether tho main elements for tho successful cultivation of any field fruit are accessible ; and if such is not proved to be the case, the agriculturist should seek to be advised how, either by any special fertilising agent they could realise the desired crops, or what fiold fruit without the extraneous aid of manure might be most advantageously raised on their special grounds. The outlay for these simple inquiries is most trilling, and rewarded a hundred, or, perhaps, a thousand fold by a scientific insight into the soils, and by the secure results of a method which clings not merely to blind empiricism. Should, for instance, a soil appear ever so rich, it may still bo wanting in one of thoso ingredients in which tho maturation of the crop depends, or it may be defi cient of one substance without which the others remain inert. Some basaltic soils, for example, may be of great apparent richness, yet they aro, in some instances, exceedingly poor iu lime ; and almost devoid of freo potash and magnesia, and, thorefore, not directly eligible for the cultivation of cereal crops. The careful gathering of bones and of other phosphatic animal substances, tho provident Btorage of manure and of any other fertilising material, cannot (after what chemical analysis in many in stances has taught us) too strongly be recommended. Silicate of lime and potash are as indispensable for the formation of a cereal Btem of healthy firmness as phosphate of lime and magnesia to tho formation of tho bones of the animal frame. And, again, nilllWIIBBIIMH— ?1WWIIIIII withont tho very elomenta of tho latter boing naturally present in a soil, or artificially offered to it, tho formation of cereal grains becomes abso lutely an impossibility. Moreover, it is not suffi cient thai the proseuco of tho important incombus tible substances, by which tho Bntritiou of plants is effected, should bo provod. Tho agriculturist should further bo uwaro how far they are avail able in that assimilable state in which thoy alone can bo activo and of im mediato utility. It may not ho deemed boyond tho limits of this roport, if hero wo refer to an orror which modern chemistry has re futed, and which, if not recognised, may cause a needless waste of labor and material in manuring processes, especially since so much of our soil stands in neod of re-fertilisation. Huxtablo, Way aud Thomson havo dispolled the error that potash, silica, ammonia, and phosphoric acid are widely carried in solution ; but, contrary, that from thoir dissolved stato theso substances aro disougaged, whilo a solution of such percolates through a soil. Of tho enormous power tbuB possossed by soils, an appropriate estimate may bo formed when tho prac tical experiments of the named investigators teach usth at an acre of ground, rich in limo or clay through its surface stratum of 10 iucheB depth, will disengage from a solution 4.000 lb of potash ; or, from a solution of phosphato of magnesia and am monia, 2000 lb of this salt. Liebig, in tho moro recent of his luminous writings, has brought tbo significance of this fact' moro gonorally beforo tho agricultural world. Hence wo learn that by a won derful law in the creation, the very substances always wanted for the nutrition of plants — and thoso only — aro thus stored up and retained iu any soil to which thoy attain access. But this law shows, also, how very imperfectly can bo reliod on the action of capillarity for bringing the incombus tible elements of food of vegetation into contaot with the roots of plants, and how needful it becomos to bring from tho deep strata, wherever available, tho assimilable elements, after auy exhaustion of tho surfaco soil, into action, unless (and it is raroly so) re-fertilisation holds the scale to abstraction. This capacity of soil to condensato the solid, soluble, fertilising . particles, Mr Johnson ingeniously suggests might, perhaps, advantageously bo turned to uccount for fixing, by a simple procesB of saturation, theso most valuable salts from sowage, with a view of removing soil fully charged with them to arable land in tho vici nity. In that wido and minute distribution of potash, ammonia, silic acid aud phosphoric acid through tho soil, iudisponsablo for their being assi milated, oarbonic acid plays an important part. It is this gas, evolved from humous soil, from decaying animal and particularly vegotablo remnants, whioh aots, together with humic and allied acids, as a solvont on the incombustiblo food. Liebig has most ingeniously suggested that, probably, tbo salts of ammonia, tho Chili [saltpetre and com mon salt aot merely as a means of diffusion of tho essential phosphates of alkalies and alkaline earths ; and therewith explains tho true action of humus, of nitrato of soda, ammonia salts, and chlorido of sodium, all by combination with the earthy and alkaliuo phosphates, rendering the latter so very much more soluble. The addition of common salt to ammonia combinations for manuring purposes has gonerally doubled the crops. It is thus explained, that this Bait, and many others,' not entering gene rally into tho food of ordinary culturo plauts, act merely as tlio means of diffusion of the actual fer tilisers. In soils rich in vegetable substances, the application of tho abovo-namod solving agencies seems therefore to involve a needless expenditure. But, while taxing by these agencies tho fertility of a field, wo have as importunt to bear in mind, that in the same extent in which we facilitate by arti ficial means tbo assimilation of the phosphates, in the samo degreo we accelerate tho exhaustion of the soil, and urgo on tho necossity of relying on a res toration of tho fertility of the lattor. Unless, therefore, a spoliation system be introduced into our husbandry, a system which would rondor oro long our arable lands worthless, or often subject itB scanty crops to disease, it becomes an imperative necossity to counteract tho othorwiso in creasing exhaustion of the soil by ovory available restorative measure. In discussing some of tho laws on which the nutrition of plauts dopends, it may appear wo enter on a subject foroigii to our question. But it has beOn previously observed how inadequate nutrition of the cereal, its debility and often disease, stand in constant relation ; and though we do not wish to assort that with these inevitably the ravages of rust aro initiated, we may bo justified to contend that whenever, ^unfavorable seasons, tho dreaded fungus shows itself, tho crops least fortified by normal assimilation will suffer more extensively. We hasten, moreover, the ripon ing process by abundant nutriment ; and thereby wo may carry with rapidity and safety our epidemically affected crop to that stage at which the fungus exercises no longer any injurious effect. Proceeding in our endeavors of pointing out any of the pro bable preventives of the rust we would next allude to the circumstance of Mr Mackenzie and other observers noticing tho fungus most exten sively on plants in notv soils, sown immediately after ploughing. Whether tho want of disinte gration aud of aeration of such soil causes — especially in wot seasons, when tho fungus pre vails — the coreal to acquire too aqueous a sap, or whether tho chemical and physiological effects stand thus not in proper correlation, and produce from the very beginning a plant prono to sudor, or whether any othor perhaps unregarded circumstance tends thus to develop the rust fungus, can as yet not positively be affirmed. Suffice it, therefore, to record hero the fact, without an attempt of full ex planation. Want of drainage, which evidently favors the growth of the uredo, though it perhaps not originates it, in a similar manner, by depriving tho plant of, a duly elaborated sap, promotes tho disease, irrespective of the certainty that the rust spores will I hover over a soil in which both humidity und decay continually arise. When stagnant and superabun dant moisture exists, tho assimilation of the incom bustible food cannot possibly keep pace with that of the watery fluid. Wunt of drainage, moreover, lowers the vitality, and therewith the vigorous growth of plants ; it chills, and therewith causes stagnation or inactivity of the Bap ; renders tho latter too watery, tho plants devoid of firmity, and precludes tho beneficent action of air and heat on the soil. Can wo wonder, therefore, if many observers concur in assigning to the absence of drainage tho origin of tho rust parasitos in wet corn-fields ; for evidently the rust spores, every where present, with every respiration of a plant conveyablo through its stomata, will lodge and germinato on sickly plants, while tho vigor of healthy plants, would much moro readily preclndo their attack ; in due consequence tho vital fluid of a suffering plant, instead of serving nutrition, is absorbed by the assailing fuugus. A perfect system of drainage is a lasting boon to any farm, whatever may be its influence on suppressing tho development of tho rubigo. Wero it not needloss to explain its advantage to the sagacity of our intelligent agriculturists, we would refer to rural statistics. To these we might point, also, for showing tho marvellous effect of irrigation, a sub ject that we must hero cursorily pass as not bear ing directly on the rust question ; wo content our selves, therefore, to instance on this occasion, tbat on a farm at Talbot the produce of grain was augmented simply by tho means of irrigation from 16 to -10 bushels on the aero. Such facts are after all readily enough understood. Irrigation serves for the commiuution of a soil, while the filtration of water, which, in the wise process of nature's eco nomy returns the ammoniacal exhalations of decay ing organism along with carbonic acid from the at mosphere, sets free many particulars of the soil for the consumption of the vegetable world, otherwiso unattainable. Storage of water for percolation in seasons of aridity, how easily might it ofton be ac complished. Shonld, on tho vegetation of un drained soil, or on otherwise abnormal plants, the rust originate, and that this is frequently the caso can scarcely bo doubted, it may require merely com bined heat and humidity to spread on the waves of the uir the destructive spores over all adjoining fields, and, perhaps, over wide tracts of a country ; while had the fungus not existed on low-lying ill drained spots, or swiftly multiplied on sickly plants, the previously healthy crops might with safety have withstood tho transient or even lengthed influence of unfavorable weather and Jibe 'nrcdo inits sequence. A succession of hot summers will, it is hoped, free us of this vegetable bane, like tho frosts of colder climates in their opposite extreme subdue tho samo vegetable parasitism. Among the varied causes which combine to induce the development of rust ou our cereal fields, some are clearly within, others beyond, our rnear.s of prevention. To sow corn so thickly as to render a free uccoss of air impass able, is intercepting tho evaporation of superabun dant moisture, ard is improperly limiting the bene licient influence of air, heat and light on the soil and its plants. The injury tbus arising will be greater in proportion to tbo moisture of foggy valleys or of humid depressions. Even if a corn field is attacked with runt, tho progress of tho fungus may be retarded or checked by dryness and heat of the weather, provided an undue denaity of tho vegetation provontB not tho evaporation of superabundant moisturo and tho rapid progress of matnration. If, as wo aro inclined to believe, tho doctrino can bo admitted, that tho conditions of healthy and vigorous growth aro also the safe guards ngainst tho origin of tho rust disoase, then wo havo not to soek far in many instances for tho causes of tho fungus. Again, absolnto unacqnaint anco with the ingredionts of his land leads many an agriculturist umong us to tho choico of culturo plants for which tho soil of his farm may neither directly nor iudiroctly bo fitted, withont tho ap plication of judiciously chosen fertilising sub stances. Not rarely wo may find also farm land overrun by weeds, and thus by useless consumers tho strongth of a poor soil still further im poverished, to tho detriment of tho growing crop. Tho mentis recommended as direct preventives of- tho rust are varied. In Northern Italy, tho seed grain of wheat is, immediately hofore sow ing, steeped in a concentrated mixture of stuck limo and wator ; 2 lb of lime being omployod for each bushel of grain. Possibly tho young cereal seed ling in its earliest stage of development, while assimilating this alkaline earth, when such is offered in so accessible a form, may become to so creat an oxtont invigorated, as to advanco undor continued strength to maturution, and may thereby best be calculated to withstand tho iujurious influence of any parasitical affections. Furthermore, a dressing of limo has been rocommended, as serving usually for tho prevention of rust. But this remedy bus not proved infalliblo for precluding tho ingress of tho fungus. Whon it failed, wo may assumo that either somo other particles wore wanting in tho soil for correcting dofeotivo nutrition, or that to ill cultivated fields tbo disease was attractod, or that u porfectly healthy crop succumbed, as well may bo tho caso, under tho incessant proy of tho urodo Bporos, carried to it from surrounding fields. Tho drossing of laud with common salt, also, bus been recommended, as obviating losses through rust disease. Wo have remarked already that its active powers, inasmuch as it is not nccossarily assimi lated to any appreciable extent by tho coreal, must bo mainly sought in its solvont action on tho phosphates of alkalies and oarths. Tho soa breeze, in diffusing minute particles of chlorido of sodium and othor saltF, seems, according to our observation, not alone sufficient to keep off tho rust fungns. Rolling of laud after sowing and feeding off the seedling jdants by sheop will protect and strengthen iu exposed localities the roots of tho young crop, irrespective of tho soil thereby being fertilised. But advantageous us this procedure may locally provo under certain circum stances, it cannot be regurded, as some maintain, as a suro preventive of rust. A peries of interest ing experiments of the effect of ozono on growing wheat havo boen commenced by Dr. John Day, of Gooloug, who noticcd that'a prevalence of this gas has seemingly a destructive or hurtful effect by coagulation on the alburninouB portion of tho plant. He thinks that ammonia would Buspond tho oxydis ing powi r of tho ozone. For absolutely guarding against successive failures of crops througn tho ra vages of parasitic fungi, when their vast spread in a previous soason leads us to dread thoir roappcur race, tho farmer can only rely on the selection of .varieties and kinds of grain which remuins freo of tho attacks of tho parasite. When laud is sufficiently rich in potush, or is dressed where tbis alkali can bo readily procured with wood-ashes, furm-yard manure, or other alkaline^substances, maizo might be adwpted for replacing, ut least for a season, other cereals. This corn carries, moreover, with it tho recommen dation of being, in a climate uud soil favorable to its growth, more productive than any other, and being in a moro diversified mauner available for food. If, as has with seeming justice been asserted, potassa secures au immunity of rust, theu it is no longer an enigma why maize, which is classed among tho potush plauts, Bhould bo exempt of the ussailment of the uredo. And hero attention might bo drawn to tho circumstance how wood ushes, immediately after bushfires, whorover ranges are near, could profitably bo collected. Besides the large quantity of potash which, in tho mujority of cases, such ushes contain, they yield also generally a considerable proportion of phosphate of limo und maguesia. For root-crops especially, an application of potash to the soil will always prove of great benefit. Though tho quantities of potash is varyiug in different plants lo somo extent, according to the mineral constituents of tho spot, it will bo of in terest to observe that tho results of tho cxamina tioH of some specimens, kindly contributed by Mr Johnson, proves at loast several of our timber trees rich in potassa. The ashes of tho trunk of the ironbark treo contains in 100 parts 30.9 pure carbonate of potash ; ashes of the loaves and branchlets, 22.3 ; asbos of tho bark of the stringy bark tree, 12.1 ; ashes of the wood of tho oxorayms or so called cherry-tree, 9.4 ; ashos of tho casuarina or so called she-oak, 7. Iu discussing the probable means of prevention of rust, wo cau not pass the observation of Mr Mechi, iu Aus tralia, ulready recorded by Mr F. Moutaguo Smith, that by thin sowing, deep drainage, and saturation of his English clay- laud with liquid manure, ho banishes, oven from low-lying locali ties, the rust fungus with complete success. The undersigned, ou uuother occasion, dwelt already at some length on the ruinous eileoiB which tho exten sive prevalence of the present spoliation system of culture in tbis country will unavoidably entail on our arable land. He deems it his duty to pass, ou this sub ject, hero again a few warning words, -not merely uecauso tho failure of crops seem iu very many in stances clearly traceable to tho infertility of the land, but because iu gluncing around wo become everywhere cognisaut that the vory means for tho restoration of tho fertility of the soil aro ofton ab solutely wasted by want of foresight, circumspect uess, and exertiou. Lot us instance alouo tho enor mous loss which is continually sustained in the waste of sewage and liquid and solid egesta of centres of population. It Buflicos not to adopt ro tations of crops, which only partially, under tbo pre sent Australian system of farming, will return to tho soil the very elements of incombustiblo food without which cultivation will finally bocorne ex tinct. It is equally useless to rely ou resting of tho land by futlow for its re-invigoration. Unless consumption of the food of plants drawn from a soil stands in a fixed relation to tho means of resto ration, absolute unproductiveness will only bo de ferred in the samo dogroe as the natural incom bustible food of such laud may hold out. Te re store, from sterility, laud to fertility, wlion even fiually its lower strata have been exhausted, will becomo us difficult as unprofitable. We shall at last havo to look to imported restoratives, when pastoral pursuits will but sparingly ufford them, aud, fiually, misery and famine, with all their terrors, can no longer be obviated. Tbo true mavim should be for agriculturists to aim at a full retention or oven augmentation of the fertility of thoir land, and thus to afford, not merely for the presont, but also for futurity, the means of realising from each Bquaro aero of ground tho largest possible uninter rupted roturn of field fruit for tho support of an ever increasing populutiou, Tho agriculturist should also be warned of the ruiu to which, un avoidably, he will expose his land by, taxing it with the continued growth of those crops the most ro mnneiativo at the time, without provisiou having been made for the reparation of the losses his soil thereby constantly BUBtains. Tho cultivation of commercial plants, such as tobacco, hops, flax, hemp'; mustard, as well as of leguminous plants and othors, unless under judicious arrangements for the reservation of tho strongth of the land, becomes the most dangerous. So, for instance, it is hopeless to obtain a crop of tobacco whenever we havo neither potash and maguesia, nor, especially, lime and soda within ts-ur reach. The most lucrative farming also most rapidly exhausts the soil, by the production of corn and flesh, as Liebig warns us, to the greatest extent possible, and it caunot be continued, unleBS the fixed chemical elements of nutrition aro con scientiously returned to tho soil. Undoubtly it is tho object to produce tho largest means of susten ance on any given space, but assuredly this should not be dono ut the expense of future generations. On the subject of restorative means for bus bandry, whether viewed as advantageous in the abstract, or as sheltering, perhaps, against vegetable epidemics, ample scope exists for legislation. Local consumption of commodities, from the residuo of which fertilising agents can be obtained, will always be, to a thoughtfully-reflecting community, a subject of tho utmost importance. Tleuco fuctories of oil, starch, spirits, &c.;, if they could be more generally established throughout the land, would confer lasting benefits. Under such and other judicious arraugements tho agriculturist need not look to tha importation of foreign fer tilisers. Nightsoil, the most important of ull manuring agents, is in this country largely lost for tho ro- fertilisation of our fields. Wonderful changes will, by tho activity and intelligence of our rural population, unquestionably be effected in the hus bandry of tbis country. A greater choice of field fruits from countries ef a climatic zone similar lo ours will bo drawn into cultivation, und therewith the exposure to losseB on our farms during unfavor ft ile seasons greatly lessened. With the vine, also tobacco, maizo, the teaplant,olivcB, plants nourishing silk-yielding inseots — and perhaps, also, as Mr William Storoy in his not sufficiently regarded prize essay has pointed out— in tho milder parts of tho colony tho cotton plant and the rice, Bhould como within tho rango of extensivo culture. Moro extended cultivation of green and root crops for local consumption, and therewith a moro extended direct combination of pastoral and agricultural pursuits, will tend much to maintain tho fertility of our arable soil ; an object on tho ac complishment of which, in a great measure, tho per manent prosperity as well of tho individual as the State must rest. The steam plongh, in upturning tho deeper and richer strata of tho soil, will vastly enhanco the healthy productiveness of our fields. Imitation of tho systomB of irrigation and fertilisa tion, which have transformed many of the rural dis tricts of Italy into eternally- verdant gardens, would also becomo on tho estates of this country tho Bourco of unfailing wealth ; and all these united means ono of the principal safeguards against the cessation of tho prosperous tranquillity of tho Stato. Fisun. Muelleu, M.D., F.R.S., Chairman of tho Committee. 