I .4ERDENRSB AND FARL1 ERS' ALENDAR POR O)CTOBEFB [October in Australia cirr.spondl to April in Great Britain ] Xrrctnis GASDar.-tf Seotemberba bteen very S e u-h will have teen left to be done on heavy aci's :n October. but advantage shotld at once be tak n to bring up arrears, as the - summer ill a .,r ly be upon us In put-in in any crops now, Io g-eo mature shou'd te used, it would incresse the liahility of the toots being deprived ofmoisture sarly the season. ,Alli m nure, at this season. ah tad be we:l decayed, and cow, or sheep's dung. or guano, is most d. sirable. Carros and Parsnips. -Thin out to about two incbh apart apart at first, and when they have grown a liile, and may be used as soup, &c.;, thin out about five or six inches apart seet.-Thin out,and in wet weather plant out if tec?as ry; sow again for a succession._ Sals~iy.- Scorsenara and Chic rt should also be thunned. Keep the hoe g, ingamonast all growing rops, rot merely to kill the weeds, but to stir the soil. which is of great a4vantege. - Kidney Beans -Sow. in drills eighteen inches apart, ? d from two and ahalfto threeiochesdeep, and deposit theseed about two inches apart in rows. As French Beans, frem a vraie: of causes we apt to cme up very irregular, it is, as well to sow thickly at first, and thin out after the crop is safe. Thav may be sown at inte-ras of a fortnigLt. Cardoon.--Saw largely. Cclery -Sow largely. Radish, JTustard, and Cress.-Continue sowing. Srarlet Runners --M ast be sown in shel'eeed Sli'sations abautthe middle of-the m.?thL and wuere t .ey ra hare anpport to clirg. o. Nasturtium Sowlaroely. this makes an excel ?eat pick e. Peas.--Sow the quick growing vari-ties. The dit a should b" drawn de, per now-than in earlier months, and the sea d should be steeped for twenty f.sur hours b. fore sowing. Causliflowers and Cabbages may be planted on gicd moist soil ; another sowing is recommended to come into use in Autumn. Brnssels Sirouts -If planted now will be found use:ul. Sowa lso. Towards the end of th -month, B ,croli, Say y, and Kale .may-be sown, to plant out for Aun um use. Spinach.-Sow tie round variety, also the New Zee' ,and. Dtpatge.--Earth up abphoe those jint up. RAubarb.-- ive liquid man? e in t bundance; and nip ut the seed wherever i. may app:ar..-. Cucumbers.--Sow, and plant out tho-e raised on tutf or in frames - It is a g 6~o plan when sowing i, tie ridge out of acors, to now a few of theseana the fpllowvag in part, or in p eces of turf, to plant cut if the others fail. Melons,~ Yegedaite Marrow,-Tomatos.-Sow, and Ilant out those raised in the hot ied. Ccpsicums.-Plant oui strong plants raile L in the fs.te- ; try a little seed out f doors. Famd GAGnDE.-YVi es will now be showi g their young stetls, and whenloo many apiear they mu t be rubbed off, but no.t t e'oricmay be cearly a en which may. e the fruitt earers. As?a ge eral rule all little sh, ors that come out around the stem, and neck of the stem, may be rubbed out, then, of et a whil-, the smaller of the other shoots, no. pore thpa'-froir three to five, according to tie strencth of the stock,.cbo':d te left.L Take care to tie ip the shoots, as a very slight wind will now b-c. k them. Apricots.-Where set too th'ck mutt bo thinned. Th- fruit will be g eatly impr rved by carefrlly th ,tnieg ; as the yourg rho to crme.:out they, will a so reqa re to be jud ctoasly thi~ned, or picl{ed back Nit'a the thumb- and finger.-- gccc4e s.-After the fruil has fairly et, and indi eates th.t it will bhng, tlese shculd al o b thinned: Goosebcrries, and ot.er ihuit bearing bushes, s=e qul t st immer prouning as well as trees 1 FLWER? GADEDs.--We have now. arjired at a very cti ieal mouth 'in the reason and mu?h de p1u s U- on the state of the weather as to opera tii.s Protect Bulbs fr:m: the fierce rays of the sci, and from cunirg winds. Givr. · iquid manure in dry weather to Ranuncu' us, Tulips, Hy.ciiths &c.; Noc is tb t me to wa k and name all bulbs. B3a7saias arni Cockscombs.-About the "idcle 9? this motth is.the brat foo so?.ig s.eds in the open border. The border sh u'd be prepared -at leat "a ortnight b fort rec-ising the seed; choos a h-ltered itua'ion, and rich loamysoil, and-work w I in o it a good- quantity -of rutted dmng; sow lie se~ed rcL or eight inches.apart, and-about half ich deep. dropping it to each hole two suds in. Ss. o,n~ sthuld miss, press the soil geist.y rounl t e seed. Clemnatis al Deciduous Climbers.-The shoots oh u!d bethi?died and trained as req iired. SRoses.--Lo.-kovrer Bses, and pinch.the Caterl il la-s hbat will in many cases be found curled up in the laves:- .Whebre -.necesssay suckers appear take them t. - . . .SE FARE. Mansgoid Wu zel, Maize, and So gumn may be to-en at the beginng of the month for the use of ;tCk during summer. 'That s e i, as? month bhn':'d now be ip; and if the weather be showery aLd more than one of the seeds in each hole have grown, they shotld'ibe.dr.wPi and planted .where yr~y gaps occur, o: where ote is wanted than was awnt. G. eat care must be itaken in planting til ti?- i-ot if not bent. or the plant' will never do much good. :'Keep the Crop clean by hneing and ut eding. - Carrota sown ea'y shoals be hoed. and we.ded, as alsa Po:atoes. -Plnt out now Cabbages ,own some time since. This coaein wll in.early sit ,mer for i(ds 'and Pigs. Sow the Ho!cns Sac ch ratus, or Ch:nece Sugar Cane, in rowr, fi:t-en i-.i h-s apart, aid twelve inches between the seeds If it b wanted.for,the purpose if: growing lirg, canes, it will r quire to. to wider, but if r quired to be cut for a Geo te Crop, this will be wid. enough. A- tar as exper ence has'gone with this cropin Vie-. t ri, it promises to bee a most valu..be crop for fodder in summer "hen all grass is burnt up, and we recommeid it ti the rotice of all farmers. We cursider it will be --gooi crop- in- conjunetion with Pota oes, Wurz-L &c.;, to sow on lands about ten fe wide zroan-i.fields- asbre-any danger-to- the Griai, Cop may te anticivpted fro mbRu b.fres. In a cuntyeysoliab'e' to bush-fires as this i-, we con ,bler it a good raceice to h.ve some k'nd of green rr p round the outs'ds of all fAIds of Groain. - Becdine Mar;s wi.l now b' droping their foals rnil shodld "have a little green stuff gi~rgi-th m, ad fut:her attended to for another foal. Always roe ect a good sir-. B.eed up dot dtwr. Poultry-Tukeys aad Geese sha ud be set on. f om tleasn to flfeeaegcs about this time. .-Gos I tg-, do be:t r on lawimatl.y ground whge tihey c,: .ge, ggrass, t.a? in open pdnds. 