DISTEIOT NEWS | frauu ou» VARIOUS OOEBESPONDENTS ] WARATAH. On Friday, the 15th, the upcast air-shaft of he Waratah mines was discovered to have taken fire, and very, soon it appeared to persons at a distance as though it were something very erious, for the flames went into the air to a con- siderable height, and, setting» the bush on fire around the shaft, made the matter seem worse than it really was, especially when the darkness of evening caine on. It was promptly and well dealt with by the company's manager, and soon put out, without either much damage or delay. On Monday the miners hold their half-yearly meeting, in the open-air, near to Mr. Whiteraan's public house. The attendance was not very good, and some of those who came seemed to care very little about the business for which they had wino together, as was remarked by one of the speakers (Mr. Alnwick), who said " there were not many at the meeting, and some of those who had como preferred spending the time, somo at the shooting-gallery, some at the quoits, aud some in Mr. . Whiteman's tap-room." Tlie leading object of the meeting was to consider the advisability of seeking for an advance of threepence a ton on their work, and, in seeking this, they intend to advise the companies to ask for one shilling and sixpence more from the con- sumer, whether this is right or wrong each " party will best judge for themselves ; but there is one thing certain, and that is this, that wo are sending away from the district some ton thousand tons of coals weekly, and, at the prices at which tliey are being sold, the country docs not get a fair remunerative price for the commo- dity it takes to, the market. Coal is unlike our many other local productions. If a fanner sell away all his crop one year, he has a prospect of next year bringing out another crop from the same earth ; but if a cargo of coals be once taken and sold in the market it can never be replaced, and should, therefore, I think, be better paid for than it now is ; and whether the men or the companies, or both, get the money, the commu- nity would be greatly advantaged by it. The local patrons of the Hanbury National .School met on the 10 th of this month, and in examining the monthly abstract they found the average attendance for the past month was 143. The average for the corresponding month last year was 43. It is only justice to say that the teacher of 1864 is not the teacher of 1865. We have had more bush-fires around us this week than I have known here for the last five years. I have not heard as yet of any damage being done by them. 