SUMMARY FOR EUEOPE. 1 INTRODUCTION. The political history of the past month lias been confined to two events, which are, however, of the highest importance to the future social and commercial well being of tlds colony. Tho first of these events was the receipt of the welcome intelligence from England that transpor- tation to Western Australia is to be abandoned ; the second is the production by the Colonial Treasurer of his annual budget, embodying a new tariff, which, if adopted without modification, is cer- tain to havo a most ruinous effect upon the trade of Melbourne and that of the colony generally. The announcement that the home Government had at length acceded to the wishes of the free colonists of Eastern Australia, by consenting to the discontinuance of transportation to our shores, was received, we need hardly say, with unqualified satisfaction in Victoria. The despatch of Mr. Cardwell has been ¡haracterized as a dignified and not un- graceful abandonment of a power which could no longer be decorously exercised ; and though exception may fairly be taken to some of the reasons assigned by the Colonial Secretary, as those which have induced the Imperial Government to perform this act of justice, wo are content to accept a decision which is creditable to them and gratifying to us without further discussion or recrimina- tion. After striving for twenty years to rid this continent of the taint of con victism, we can afford, in the hour of victory, to disiegard the official sophistry which is intended to cover the irritation produced by defeat. The despatch of the Colonial Secre- tary, however, was not the only commu- nication upon the subject of transporta- tion received by the last mail. A letter from Earl Grey to a colonial gentle- man of some standing has been published in the Melbourne newspapers, and has attracted a good deal of attention. In this document the noble Earl presumes to lecture the people of Victoria with an insolence which, -under other circum- stances, would have caused considerable indignation, but coming at the present time, when ali feelings of bitterness are forgotten, it has been productive only of amusement. The letter, indeed, is calculated seriously to detract from the reputation for ability which the noble Earl has hitherto enjoyed in these colo- nies ; for the ludicrous inconsistency of ita arguments and the extreme feeblo ness of its logic must be apparent to every reader. Our troubles, however, would seem to be never-ending. We have no sooner got rid of the incubus of trans- portation, than we aro threatened with a much more pressing danger in another direction. The Ministry have prepared a new tariff, which, should it be accepted hy Parliament in its present shape, will strike a severe blow at the commercial supremacy of Victoria over the other Aus- tralian colonies. We mentioned in our last summary, that in the Governor's speech at the opening of Parliament it was stated that a measure would be proposed for reducing the duties on certain articles now taxed, and for levying fresh duties on other commodities hitherto left un , touched. This promise has been amply redeemed by the Ministry. At present 1 the tariff of Victoria is extremely simple, [ and the duties are levied on a few arti I des, some of universal and others of very large consumption-such as tea, sugar, spirits, coffee, opium, rice, and tobacco ; some excise duties, a few other small im- posts, and an export duty on gold. From these duties, none of them burdensome, and not more than one or two in the least degree objectionable, the Treasurer selects five for reduction, namely, tea, sugar, opium, dried fruits, and the gold duty, The aggregate loss on these items for the present year he estimates at £154,0OO;andintheii'placehesubstitutes a list pf new duties, of the most/ varied and extensive character. There are to I he taxes on grocers' and oilmen's stores of almost every description, on salt, on doors and window-sash es, on jewellery of every kind, on manufactures of Bilk, cn millinery, on apparel and slops, on musical instruments, on carriages, on ä saddlery and harness, on boots and . shoes, on earthenware and glass, and on furniture, toys, and a variety of other articles, which are calculated to yield a total sum of £230,000. -That this anticipated departure from lie simplicity of our present tariff sliould "we been received witli dismay by the merchants and traders of Melbourne can be no matter for surprise, but it is doubtful whether the Ministry were pre- pared for tho indignant and determined opposition which their proposals will have t >rC,°Luntcr' Tfle «omniercial quarter o' Melbourne has been agitated to its «litre, and the ordinary transactions of ousinesa have during the past week wan practically at a standstill. Meet jn|8 in every department of trade Em by the ncw duties bavo beon «a, at which the disastrous effects and ">e absurd inequalities of the proposed ^cb have been exposed with considera out « ** *ud ife baa been Pointed (v.,,, tbafc too class upon which the C'U wU1 faU mosfc severely is the lclÄ.,cks3' whose uats» boots, i o u^iurniture, and tools will all be lanced enormously in price if this Brasure ¡would become law. Perhaps Blew Tí- ruinous consequence of the ¡^duties, however, would bo the ,1V ,must Lave upon the intercolo ' trade of this city. Melbourne been hitherto the emporium n TsJ*1* otheT Australian colo ,£ New Zealand have been in noli»!, °i drawing regular supplies of t^a and American goods, and these I transactions havo been both largo and I profitable. If the new duties contem- plated by the Ministry aro actually imposed, it is clear that this branch of I our trade must be utterly destroyed. Whether the new tariff will ulti- mately pass into law, must depend, to a great extent, upon the view taken of it by the Protectionist majority in Parliament. As we write, the discussion on the subject is proceeding, and before the mail leaves Ave may perhaps be able to announce the fate of the measure. The avowed object of the Ministry in proposing these ob- noxious imposts, is to afford incidental protection to native industry, by enabling the colonial manufacturer to compete with the foreignei; but their real purpose is to obtain the support of those Protectionists in the Assembly, and their constituents out of doors, who are too ignorant to discern that duties which are intended to raise a quarter of a million of revenue cannot at the same time afford any efficient protection. The strength of the Opposition, however, and the known fact that the Ministry is divided upon the question of Free Trade, render it highly probable that the danger will after all be averted. A petition from a public meeting com- prising all the principal merchants in Melbourne, is to be presented to Par- liament, praying that a committee may be appointed to inquire into the pro- bable working of the proposed duties. If this should be granted, the question will practically be shelved. Immediately on the le-assembling of Parliament on the 17 th inst., the consi- deration of the Land Bill was resumed in the Legislative Assembly, and on the 18th, it was read a third time without a division, and ordered to be sent up to the Legislative Council The prospects of the measure in the'LTpper House aro believed to be precarious, and it is thought that it will not pass without some modification. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Madras, with the November malls from England, otrivud at Melbaurne early on the morning of the 18tli inst, or eight days be- yond the contract time. The delay was attri- butable partly to tho long passsge made by the Golconda from Suez to G ¿Ile, and partly to the head winds which weie experienced during the run of the Madras across the Indian Ocean. A strike amoig tho labourera at King George's Sound was mother cause of detention. The Chief Justice of Vicioria (Sir W. F. Stawell) has been spending his vacation in Gipps Land. The new bishop of Tasmania (the Bight Eev. Dr. Bromby), who arrived here by the True Briton, towards the close of December, left Melbourne for his diocese on the nth January, The bishop ir rived at Hobart Town and was installed on the 7th inst. The annual sitting of the Church of Ea? land Assembly commenced on Tuesday, the 10th, and lasted until Friday, the 20th inst, The Bishop of Melbourne presidod, ant made a very encouraging statement as te the progress of the Anglican Church in Vic- toria. A new club, under tho title of the " Union,' has just been established in tho metropolis The growth of the eily itself required a sooonc institution of the kind, and lince the re moval of the Melbourne Club from its old central position, this social want has been more and more felt. The promoters of the new club have been fortunate in securing t leato of the building formerly known as tht Sbakspcaro Hotel, and situated at the cornet of Collins and Markot streets. The accord modation is excellent, and the greater part oi the building is quite new. A lery handsome dmingicom is included, and also the usual library, reception, and stnokias rooms, sleep ing apartments for twenty nienberj, and twe billiard-rooms. The building is being hand- somely furnished throughout. According te the rules adopted, the management is to b: moro liberal iu some respects than that of the exl-ling inetitutioD, and particularly wit! regard lo strangers, who, if not resident within ten miles of tho city, will be eligible for introduction by members. The clut alrf ady numbers 160 members. Petition") have been presented against tb< return of Mr. Fitzgerald ni a member of the Legislative Council for tie North-\\\r?stani Province ; and against the return of Mr. D. Moore, as the representative of Sandridge in the Legislative A6ierotily. The former pet! 1 tion allegeB want of qualification ; the latter, bribery and treating. Pétitions for live private bills have been lodged with the ptopcr oilcers of Pirliamoni since the commencement of the session. The mensures ure :-The Scui.uüí-hc and Ingle- wood Tramway Biii, a Bill for the Amalga- maran 6í the Hobson's Boy and Suburbs Bailwaye, a Bill for the Incorporation of the Ballaiat Water Commlsiion, a Bill for the Sale of the St. Kilda andBiighton Rtilwny and a Bill for the Incorporation of the boi oughts of Ballarat West, Billarat East Castlemaine, and Sandhurst. On tho Estimates of expenditure for the cuirentyenr, submitted by the Gov- rnmeni to Parliament last week, the following items appear :-Clearing tho Murray River, £10,000 repairs and additions to S-tndrUlge Jetty ¿3,000 ; extension and other works at St Kilda Jtlty, £1,260 ; fur police buildings £20,000 ; repa'rs and additions to gaols £8,000; towards tho graving dock at Wil liainstowD, £37,500 ; repairs and additions te penal buildings and hulks, £3,600 ; repair and other works at Yarra Bend and tem poraty opylntn, £2,000 ; towards the nev asylum at Kew, £30,000: t->wards th8 nev asylum at Beechworth, £20,000 ; towards thi new asj lum at Ar»r»t, £20,000 ¡ toward buildings and other works for reforma tories or industrial echools. £20,000 ; to waTds the erection of a Supreme Cour and cilices at Melbourne, £10.000 ; to wards the erection or csmpletion of court bouses for the holding circuit courts, genera and petty sessions, county courts, and court of mines, and for sheriffs'and keeper,)'quat tere, £16,000 ; extensions of and alterations ri'pairs, additions, &c;, to telegraph lines £6.000 ; telegraph extension from -Beech worth to Morso's Creek Gold-fields. £'2,000 Sandhurst to Heathcote, £1,200; Casterton t South Australian boundary, en routa t Penola, £000; towards the Gmir-ral Post offlci Melbourne, for completion, £29,500 ; for oreel ing wc- twingof National Museum, £3,500 towards the erection of Government-house £10,0C0; the erection of works and building for military and defence purposes, £16,000. Governor Sir Charles Darling laid th foundation-Rtone of a Wesleyan gramms Fcbcol, at St. Kilda, on the 4th inst. Th school, which will contain acenmmodatio for 200 boys and fifty boarders, will be oréete at n ccBt of £8,000. Boxing Day and Now Year's Day-the gran Aut-tralitm holidays-were observed this yet in an appropriate manner. The greatest c tho New Year's Day /ela was that of th volontiers at Flemington, which is full noticed elsewhere. On tho ovening of the 3rd inst., the volut tctrs gave a fancy and full-dress ball at th K"hil ¡tint-building. His Excellency ti Governor and Lady Darling were present. The great meteorite found some years since at Cranbourne is about to be sent to the Bri- tish Museum. The City Council have resolved on ti election of a handsome fish-market, nee Piince's-bridge. To provide for immédiat wants a tempoiary building lus been erected, and Tor the future the sale of fish ia the streets is prohibited. The exclusive licht of publishing in Aus- tralia Mr. Olma. Dickensa dow serial, Our Mutual Friend, has been purchased by tho proprietors of the great weekly paper-the Australasian. A large comot wa? observablo several even- ing* last week in the sonth-west horizon. Its position was nearly vertical, and its lona, tail had almost rigid straightness, at once distin- guishing its iif-pect to the common observer from the curved scimitar-likefilmpeofourtwo or three last visitants1 of this kind. The new wing of the Melbourne Publlo Library was opened on the 24th ulfc. The occa- sion furnished the opportunity for a pnblio exhibition of the woiks of colonial art (some forty in number) delivered for competition for thepreminmof£200offeredbytheGovemmont, and also for the pictures purchased on our behalf by Sir Charles Eastlake, as the founda- tion for a Victorian art gallery, Tho artist who obtained the premium was Mr. N. Che- valier, for his beautiful picture of " The Buf- falo Ranges." in the Ovens district. The pictures purchased for the Victorian Gallery uro the following:-"Depaiture of the Pil- grim Fathers," Cope; "Watorgita Bty,', John Mogcoit ; " Homes, Pigs, &c;," J. P. Herring : " La Belle Yseulfc," ,T. Bedford ; "Fern Gatherers," Herdman : " D3oart du Fiance." G. Koller; " The Soller of Game," Van Scbendnl ; " Banyan in Prison," J. Follngshy ; " Tho Rosebud of England," Baxter; "Tho Rose of England," Baxter; " Sheep in Rnoose." Tschaegany ; " French Artists in a Spanish Poseda," ,T. Q. Vibart; and " An Italian Family," by P. Williams. Mr. Gavan Duffy was among the passengers who left the colony for England, by the steamship Great Victoria, on the 17th inst. In deference to the circular of Mr. Secretary Cardwell, the Government of Victoria havo initiated measures for displaying the re FourcCB of this colony at the forthcoming International Exhibition of Atts and Manu- factures at Dublin. A board has been ap- pointed, consisting of Sir Redmond Barry, chairman : Mr. 0. E. Bright, the Hon J. F. Sullivan (Minister of Mine*), Mr. R. B. SroyMi (secretary of mines), Professor M'Ooy, Dr. Mueller (Government botanist), Mr. A. B. C. Selwyn (Government geoloeist), Mr. W. W". Wardell (inspector-general of public works), and Mr. J. G. Knight, designer of th« gold trophy, Bfcretary. As it is not the in- tention of the Government lo incur much expenso in this matter, tho duties of tho board will be devoted to affording ad- vice and information to those who eiesir«) to exhibit on their own account, The board will, however, be prepared to forward to Dub- lin, free of cost, all such products and manufactures, delivered to them, at Mel- bourne, a=! may be considered to posspsa sufficient merit tobe worthy of a place in the Exhibition. Already the board have met with sufficient encouragement to Hhow that an attractive series of products will be secured for transmission to the Irish capital. Among the contributions will he a choice collec- tion of fieeccR, selected from the stock exhi- bited at the recent interoilonial show; samples of the new crop of cereals, con- tributed by the Board of Agriculture ; and specimens of the manufactures of most of the claimants of Government premiums for "novel industries." Contributions of minerals, timber, fruit, tobacco, silk, flax, &c;, are also promised. Application will bo forwarded by tbis mail for 1,500 superficial feet of floor space, to be reserved for the ptoluctions of tbiB colony. A request has also been trans- mitted to Mr. Tyndale Bright, of Gibbs, Bright, and Co., of Liverpool, to kindly take charge of the exhibit?, and represent the board at Dublin. It is intended to shin the whole of the goods by tho Great Britain, which is appoiated to sail on the 10th of March. An agitation has been originated and fos- tered by the Melbourne Chamber of Com- merce against the wharfage rates. A me- morial, signed by the members of that body and other persons connectod with the mer- cantile interest, waa presented by a deputa- tion to the Chiof Secretary and the Minister of Customs on the 16th inst. Mr. M'Cullooh informed the deputation that it was not the intention of the Government to abandon the roteB. Hu stated, however, that the Minister of Customs would be happy to receive sug- gestions as to amending aud improving the present scale of charges. The manufacture of starch has been com- menced by Messis. Urie, Munn, and Young, maizena manufacturera, of Hawthorn. Tho new and spacious premises at the end of Bourke-street west, fitted up by the Aerated Bread Company, for the manufac- ture under Dr, Dauglish's system, were for- mally opened on the 11th inst., by Sir James Palmer, President of the Legislative Council. At tho Civil Service examination which was concluded in the last week of D ¡camber thirty-eight candidates finally passed out of the 161 who duly e ntered themselves. No less than HO failed at the preliminary examina- tion in English and arithmetic, while of those who proceeded to tho higher division all but nine were successful. Tho Black Ball ship Golden Empire, which sailed from Liverpool on tho 7th October, arrived at Port Phillip Heads on the 2nd inst. On being boarded by the health officer, it was found that typhus fever had prevailed during the voyage, and therefore the ship was at once placed in quarantine, the passengers being all landed at the sanitary station at Point Nepean. The vessel was detained until the 12th inst., and during the interval was thoroughly cleaned. Those of the passengers who were pronounced free from all symptoms of fever were allowed to return on board, and were landed in Melbourne on the 12th inst. Thirty five passengers were left at the sanitary station. Several of the pas- sengers brought to Melbourne have since been admitted into the hospital. Two have died there from "malignant typhus." Another passenger is in Geelong Hospital, a victim in the worst stage of the disease. It Is generallv considered that the release of the ship from Quarantine was premature. Last week several charges preferred against the Captain (Mr Goodall) were investigated by the Immigra- tion Board. It was alleged that the captain had been guilty of a breach of the immigra- tion regulations in having deficient water supply, and in allowing his crew to indulge in the old-fashioned saturnalia in honour of Neptune in crossing the line. The board have acquitted Mr. Goodall of the charge re- lating to deficient water-supply. As regards the shaving of the passeng-rs, the result is not yet known, , Afilghtfol crime has been committod at the mining township of D tyle3ford. A young married wemnu named Margaret Grr.'iara, during the absence from home of her husband a miner, wa3 ravished and murdered. The murder was accomplished by cutting the pool woman's thioat. The wretch obtained ad- mission to the premises-which wera all on one floor-by means of tho chimnoj'. T.vc men are in custody on suspicion of balng the elimináis, but it is believed that neithei is guilty. The one is a miner named Younc. -a mon with several aliases-who had occu pied a tent near the deceased woman's cot tnge, and who suddenly left tho localitj on tho day of the murder ; the other ii Seraphina Bonetti, an Italian, who, at thi time of aire6t, had a lot of bloody clothei in his possession. At the funeral of the mur dereel woman, her mother threw horself upor tho gravo in a paroxysm of griof, and prayee tbut God would brit g the assassin of hor chile to justice. The Government havo offered i Tewnrd of £200 for such information as ebal lead to the apprehension and conviction o tb« murderer. Tbo boord appointed by the Government t( consider claims for rewards or promlums oui of the vote of £5,000 granted for tho promo lion of new manufactures and industrien, ir nceordonco with tho regulations submitted t< Parliament on the 1st June last, have ngreee to their roport. From tbis document it ap pears that the hoard recommended that tin manufactures and industries of the followlni applicants wero worthy of rewards or p-e miums:-Mr. J. Miller, roru; Mr. J. Polltz cigars from colonial leaf: Messrs. Urio. Munu and Young, starch and tutu"nena; Mr. J. Bj sisto, essential oil from tho Eucalyptus odo raia ¡Mr. F. Fordham, oilmen's stores ; Me \V. R. Blazey, pianos from colonial woods Mr. W. Sloggatt, thumb, Prussiau, and ultra marine blue ; MeBJre, Boardman and Sitter cultivation of peppermint, lavender, ane roses, for distillation; Mr. J. Zwanboom brushware; Messrs. Hood and Co., white sof soap; Messrs. Claik, Hoffman, aud Co, sod; cryetds. The board resolved that the manu factures.and indattries should he divide; into three classes-those of the fittt el«* te receive a premium of £100; those of tin second, £60; and thoso of the third, £25; and they agreed that tho mauufacturoi and industries ot Messrs. J. Miller, J.' Polite, and Urie, Mnnn, and Young should be placad In the first class; those of Messrs. Fordham; C1 ai lee, Hoffman, and Co.; liood and Co., and Boniato, in the second; anti those of MessrF. W, B.Blazey. W. Sloggatt, Boardman and Slater, and J. Zevenboom, ia the third. These rewards amount In all to only £600. A t the same time the board suggest that n similnr amount to that already grui ted "should he placed upon the Additional Eafci rutites for '18(35, as there iBieason to believe that several untlertakinga of great promue, calculated to afford a largo amount of em- ployment, and to be of great service to the community at large, will bo successfully esta- blished during the ensuing year." Several conflagrations have occurrod within the last month. On the night of the 5th inst. a great portion of tho mining township of Wood's Point wa? burnt down. The propetty di6troyed included five hotelB, three stores, two butchers'shops, two restaurante«, and tho Oriental branch bank. The total loss ia estimated at £30,000. On the night of the 4th inst., a great fire occurred at Clunes, and on the 13th a similar disaster was experienced at Sandhurst. In the metropolis, also, fires havo heeu unusually numerous. OnObristmasDay.the premises of Mr. Peters, bootmaker, of Smith-street, Col- lingwood, were levelled with the ground, tho damage being estimated at over £1,500. On the 6th inst., the timber-yard of Mr. J. Woods, in Moor-strect, Fitzroy, was in a blaze, and property to tho value of £2,000 was sacri- ficed. On the 11th inst., a corn store in Lothian-street, North Melbourne, was de- stroyed, and this was followed on tho 13th inst. by the burning of a rango of small buildings at Sandridge. The salmon appear to be progressing fa- vourably. With legard to the Victorian con- tingent, we understand that Mr. Selwyn, tho Government geologist, has recently returned from a trip to the Upper Yarra, in the course of which he visited the Badger, and saw the salmon fry, which appeared in the best of health, und rapidly increasing in size. A repoit equally (avourable has been recaived aa to tbe salmon in Tasmania. It siys:- "Tho newFuptothelßth inst. from the New Norfolk breeding-ponds, is of the most cheering [ character. As to the 8 ilmon, Mr. Kamabottom states that they are exceedingly lively-ac- tually jumping out of the water ; and they have grown at such a rate as to surpass any- thing of tho kind ho ever heard. Within the past three or four mouths they have grown so much as to completely astonish him. Only one of the large number in the ponds has died within the last three months, and that was supposed to be a deformed fish. The trout have also progressed in an equally s itls foctoiy manner. They have grown three times the size they were two months ago, and sonoo are now observed to measnro up- wards of three inches in length. Mr. lUms bottom accompanies this cheering intelli- gence by the statement that he ha? nw no doubt that the ÛBh have bien thoroughly acclimated, and that the waters of Tasmania art; almost as well suited to tho breeding of thiB fish as their own native rivers." Six of tho camels belonging lo the Victorian Government have been ient to the Govern- ment of South Australia, for exploration pur- poses. Bush-fires hove been raging extensively within the lost few weeks in various parts of the colony. Thomas Walker, mayor of the borough of Ararat, has been committed to take his trial for divulging the manner In which a voter named Shaw exercised his franchise at the last municipal election. MrÍDuncan M'Intyre has recently, in com . pany with a friend, Mr Barnett, and three blackfellows, succeeded in accomplishing the journey overland and back from the Dalling to the Gulf of Carpentaria. In the course of the journeylDgs of the party they came upon two trees, each of which bore on its stein the initial " L." The brands appeared to he fifteen or twenty years old, cut with a nairow-edged tomahawk or axe, and Mr. M'Intyre came to the conclusion that the " L'a" were those of the lamented explorer, Leichardt. Mr. M'lntyre's suc- cessful passago confirms tho discovery made by Bmke, thiit there is a practicable road, not only for men and horses, but for stock, right acioes the very centre of the continent. There can be now, indeed, no doubt of the fact that nearly the whole of the interior of this vast island-continent is habitable, and fit for the use of man. Even the "Stony Desert" of Sturt, so long a terror to our bush men, and a puzzle to our geographers, is now shown to be for the groator part a " splendid sheep country." Northward of that, and up to the coast range, Mr. MTntyro found beau- tiful lolling downs, well watered and tim bored. In facl.-we are told that from Mount Murchison, on the Darling, to the shores of tho Gulf, a buggy might be driven the wholo way without any serious difficulty. One most valuable fact which has been ascer- tained is, of the existence of permanent water at all Ecasons throughout the entire route. Mr. Martin, the New South Wales premier, after sustaining three successive defeats, has been electtd for Maneroo. The latest of the remarkable achievements of the New South Wales bushrangers is that performed a few weeks ago at a place called Binda. P-U, Gilbsrt, and Dunn entered a Sublichoui,d whero a ball was being held. Mr. Toirie, a storekeeper, suggested to the persons present that there was a chance of capturing them. - Gilbert being informed of the inten- tion, tried to shoot Morrit!. Falling til li, the gang went to Morris's store, plundered it, then burned the premises and contents. Tho scoundrels aro still at largo. THE GOLD-FIELDS. After winding up a moderately successful year with the usual devotion of two or threo weeks to holidays, the miners are all at work again, nnd with plenty to do, even though tbey fire threatened with a greater scarcitv óí vvaier than they havo had for a long time paBt. Already aro many of tho small reser- voirs diy, and other sources of supply aro beginning to fail ; but there is nn amount of work in deep sinking to bo done this season far in excess of what has ever bien under- taken beforp. This is the natural result of the late desire to inveEt capital in mining enterprise, followed up as this has been by nn unlooked-for succ:s3 in the dis- covery of deep leadB in plaors wherd their existence was altogether problcm-.tio!. la- stend of its being supposeel that these wore only to be found in one or two districts, tho question now is whether there is any aurife- rous tract of ground in the colony without llicm? The number gradually opened up lu tho neighbourhood of Daylesford caused a renrcli to be maele In other parts of the Ci6tle maiuo district, and enough has b;en learned thus early to sho\v that In mauy portions of tho dlttrlct at least these underground inna of gold aro as numerous as watorcourscs on the surface. Little has been done as yet in this way in the Bendigo district, but ono lich eleep lead has kon worked in it, and there is no reason why this should ho an exception to what we shall soon have to look upon as the rule. In tho Ovtns distiict several of those leads havo been woi ted for tome years past, although, tho richest portions having been wrought out early, littlo is hoard of them now ; but a Lite discovery would promise a grout renewal of prosperity in it. Over a largo portion gold was found on a false bottom near the surfies, and, as it is a common belief amongst the miners that when the surfaco dlggtugs aro good deep lea they are traced away directly from these, no attempt was mado to reach the true or clay-elate bottom until very lately. Two parties of men determined, a few weeks since, however, to try tbelr fortune in this manner at Morse's Creek, and the first shaft down reached the clay slate at a depth of ninety-six feet, and ou it they found five feet of washdlrt, containing about an ounce and n half of gold to the load. Ko time has yet been afforded for an examina- tion of their ground, bs tho shaft was only bottomed last week, but to all appearance they have struck on a main lead of large pro poitionp, and the natural inference is that deep lends will bo found ander all the ground of similar formation in the district, and of this there is a wide extent. Then, at the Black Hange, on the New South Wales 6ido of the Murray, a good deep lead has lately been opened wbero gold has long been found, but not before in a quantity to pay for working. Again, nearer home.wehavo every prospect of a deep lead being very shortly worked be- neath tho city of Melbourne ; for, in a shaft pot down on Collingwood-nat by a company organised by a few enthusiastic " fiats," as everyone called them, washdirt containing a very payable quantity of gold was reached a fortnight since at a depth of 113 feet. Diffi- culties with the contractor and a genoral state of uncertainty amongst the directors as to what ongbt to be done under the rather puzzling circumstances, have prevented the discovery being followed np, and the true nature of the deposit ascertained, but there is every appearance hero also of a Btrong lead, and if so it mnst be in the channel through which for meily escaped to the sea the drainage from the large tract of auriferous country through which the Yarra and Its tributaries now How, Should such be the case, this lead must accompany the Yarra all through its course, when the next question naturally is arc the deep leads of Ballarat and tho other deep leads which we already know of up the country only the branches of mighty auri- ferous streams with courses to the sea ? And if tve find thio question answered in the affir- mative in regard to the Yarra, in tho present bed of whioii a few specks of light gold aro certainly to be found, but only a very few specks for a long way up, the conclusion must be that the deep loads from still richer tracts of country have also a course to the sea, and probably for some distanca undor and be)owl the present margin of this; Bach lias long bjcn the oplulon of many of the most intelligent miners acquainted with these lead?, but until now they bad nothing better than mero conjecture to encourage thom in their views. The lost rush of any importance-that to South Dunolly-is turning out well, the lately-found continuation of the old lead there yielding well to those who have as yet succeeded in nittl_g upon it. The scarcity of water has put a stop to puddling in much of tho old ground ever] where, but, as a set-oft to this, there is a great increase of work in the direction before referred to, and the mountains at this season afford full scope for all those with means to suppoit them -while prospecting. Every week wo have the announcement of more rich reefs being found amonght them, and the number ot muchlnes now sent up is gradually enabling the holders of claims in those pre viouhly opened to Bend their gold to market, but little orno information is yr>t publicly given as to the yields obtained. Oq tho older re efs there is u vast amount of work don", but no vtry great yields bovu been proclaimed fur nome time pubt. As an instance of what is beieig done on some of the newest of those .we may, however, point to the Sebastian Re ef, from which the ewmpany lately formed to work it have obtained 160oz., 800jz., 217oz" 287oz, and 237oz, respectively for each of the # five weeks Blnce they com nienced crushing. A small lot-of nina tons of stone from another new reef in the Bendigo district also yielded HOoz. last week, and a lot of99 tons Irom a reef in another part of this district produced 430oz. High yields have also bun obtained ftoin emull paresis of stone in other districts, but none particu- larly deserving of tpictal mention. The Band of Hope deep Und Company at Bal- larat has had large and steady returas during the last five weeks-namely, l,143oz., l,374oz , l,271oz., l,219oz , and 1,118 >z., and at present theieisa prospect of theyield increasing rather than of any falling-off. The Koh-i -noor Com- pany had l,447oz. for one fortnight, l,860az. for the oilier, und 528oz last week ; while the quantities washed out by the Great Extended Company were respectively 821oz., l,'285oz., and 68O0Z. The total quantity of gold ob- tained by the Kob-i-uoor Company during latt year was 114,678oz. The only nugget ol any size found during the month was one of le>2oz, taken out of shallow ground near Mount Korong. AGRICULTURE. Very much of the harvest has now baan gathered, and this yeaT, at least, there has been no rain to prevent the saving of the hay and grain in good order. The yield is on the whole moderate, good in places and only middling in others ; but, for the first time during threo or four years, tho crops have been secured without any interruption from bad weather during harveBt-time. The grain is, therefore, particularly dry and well ripened, but the potatoes will ha light, and grass will Bhortly be scarce, as the country ia becoming very much patched. For several weeks past there has been a constant suc- cession of southerly winds, without an in- terruption sufficiently long to give us tho hope of moio than a light Bhowcr, if even so much, a'ter each change. The dryest sum- mte bave been those in which the Bouth wind most prevailed, for if the north wind does not last some dajB the change is beldom followed by any appreciable quantity o! raia. For the in gathering of tho harvest Buch a state of weather is very desirable, but other- wise rain is already much ueeded, and of this there ib now little chanco bsfore April. At the trial in tho field of the reaping-machines entered for the Pott Phillip Society's prizes, that for tho best two-home machine was taken by a lirra of up country makers in competi- tion with the best makenin Melbourne, the two acres of heavy oats having baen cut in one hour and twenty-five minutes. Thojudges in their leport say that the cut aftor tho prize machine was clear and the delivery of the sheaves regular, hut so nearly alike ure the machines now made he-re in this respect that the winning of a prize depondB very much on the gang of men attending on each. Tho triza onc-horeo machine, by a Melbourne maker, cut its acre in fifty-six minutes, auel laid its sheaves regularly, and these machine} are now comhg into very general use hore on small farms. The National Show of grain and produce Í6 to he luid at Pallurat on the loth of Match, Much disappointment rou felt at tho want of liberality displayed by the local society in the list of prizes ol feied by them, after the Board of Agricul- ture Í!a(i decided on having tho show at tho inoet important of the gold- fields towns, but no promise liad been exacted, so the compact had to be adhered to, even though Castlemaine ofi'erod three times as much money as the Ballarat Society's priVs amount to if the show was held thore. Bal- larat ia, however, the fittest place for it, and if the tonnsprople subscribe for one or two ically laige prizes, which thoy talk of doing, the show may yet be somewhat worthy, of tho tille of national. The highest prizjs aro offered for wheat,-namely, lust, £40 ; second, £30 : third, £20; uud fourth, £10; and the total amount is ncai ly £010; lint of this the Board of Agticulture gives i860. True, thcro ¡se ne instance of liberality in the district, Mr. Dunn, the owner of a largo distillery, olfoting a chalhngo cup worth fifty sovereigns for the bust 10O bushels of English buley. The comroiscionerB appointed hero to further tho objects of the Dublin Show tried, after the day was fixed, to have our great grain show held in timo to allow of the prize samples being Eent to Dublin ; but it was not thought advisable to change tho day. In somo re- créete this is to be regietted, as che grain is very superior in quality this year, and tho prize eamples will doubtleES ba such as aro ohly occasionally seen in the old country, Nor is the Pott Phillip Society's show to bo held until the 20th of March, bo that no espicially gcod samples aro likely to be sent from boto by the Great Britain. Tho long-projected Intercolonial bIiow of# mo- lino wool was opened on the 12th inst. ; and although the numbor of entries was not so large as it should have been, thora were several hiles of really splendid wool in the roora. The first objtct of this show wa«, if pr ssible, to prove what variety of tho mei ino poya tho best to keep, and also if any of the neighbouring colonies possess better f hee p than we have in Victoria, but on nei- ther point was there anything very dofinito to be learned, if it was not that coarso wool pays botttr than fine. Tho first prize for the mott valuublo sixty owes' fleeces of washed wocl wes awarded hy the judges to tho owner of tho coarsest wool at the show, the produce of half-bred Rambouillet sheep, the lower value of tbis per pound being more than counterbalanced bythegreater weight of each fleece. This hale of sixty fleeces, whole, without the removal of either locks or pieces, weighed 2921b., while the second-best bale, valued at 8$d. per lb. more, only weighed 23111-., or a pound a fleece less, the total value of 11 e foi mer being the highest by two pounds. The 'competition In the class for unwashed Mool was altogether confined to the breeders of tL e fineBt wool, so that nothing was learned from it, but the prize for the most valuablo wool per pound, without reference to the weight of fleece, was taken by an exhibitor from Tasmania, whose fleeces in the former classes were, however, by far tho lightest of aty shown. Of this last wool tho judges re- potted that they had considerable difficulty m placing a value upon it, as wool with all Us good properties had never before hem shown in Melbourne, and tho price it fetched afterwards by auction was 2s. 1 td. per pound. The br&t; of the othor lots sold fetched only 2s 6}d. per pound: and the pnbllo sale, although tho prices realized were abovo , the valuation in nil cases, did not at all affect tho position of the several lots of wool aa the; wore placed bj the judges. Coiresnon.l it,g bales to those opened hore aro to be swit to London for the opinion of the woolbrokers there ; and it will he important to see ia how far their decision coincides with tho judgment here. The commissioners appointed some two years sir, ce to iuquiro into tho nature of ideuro-pneumonio, brought up their final re- port at tho beginning of this mouth, and unfortunately a little too soon, for in t ti oy declaro tho disenso to be ab iolutelv non contagions, as they did not succeed In giving it to any of the cattle expe- rimented on by them. These were expressly brought from Tasmania, in order that they ceñid not by any possibility have b~cn In- fected beforehand, and they resisted the con tfglon under all manner of tests until the npoitbad been published, when onoof them showed most decided symptoms of disease, and, on being killed, waB found to be very far gene indeed. This fact-, and these experi- ments, if proving nothing else, afford ono more instance of the impossibility of arriving at any satisfoctory con-lusion as to the many Eecnliarities of this mysterious dlsoase, which, owever, ia evidently much milder here in most cases than it used to be, and these cases are now comparatively few in number. A TALE OF THE SEA. One of the most remarkable escapes from the perils of the deep which has over been recorded occurred In connexion with tho new stoamship London, of Messrs. Money Wigram and Son's line of Australian pissenger shipB, on hei recent voyage from England to Mel- bourne. The stoamor left Plymouth on the 27th of October last, and arrived here on the 2nd inst. On tho 21st November, in lat. 21° 8' S" Ion. 28° W., a sailor fell overboard from the jib-boom. A heavy sea was running at the time, but Mr. Harris, the sailing master, followed by five seamen, at once jumped into the quarter-boat, to endeavour to rescue the man, Tho boat w js lowered from the ship, and after pulling somo distance, it suddenly disappeared. The ship woie round, and a search was made for the boat for several hours, without success. It was then given up as lost, and the captain put the vessel on hor course again. Nino days after the London reached Melbourne, Mr. Ha'ris and his five companions, who were supposed to have been drowned, arrived here safely in the Aberdeen clipper ship, John Bunyan, having been picked up after being thicty-two houtsin the boat. The incident has caused so much excitement in Melbourne, and is of so romantic a character, that our English readers will doubtless net use a more detailed account of it with considerable interest. Thelman fell overboard about eleven o'clock in the morning, and Captain Martin, the captain of the London, felt confident he saw the boat go down soon after it was lowered f:cm tho ship. Nevertheless, tho soarch was continued until dusk-about sown o'clock- I when all hope of overseeing any of the man J again alive was abandoned. Throughout the day the Loudon was plainly visible to the men thempehf», but their boat, a large lifeboat, drawing barely four inches, had no hold of the water, und drifted to leeward bo rapidly that they could not pull up to the stoamor. Sow ever, they had a resource. Passengers, as we eil know, will cause annoyance on shipboard by using the boats as store-rooms. Mr. Harris had himself cleared out the lifeboat a few days previously, but it was now found that provi- dentially there had been a fresh transgression, and that two or threorugs and blankets, and other "gear" of that description, were on board. These were right speedily tn^de use of. Two cars, lasheel blade uppar moft, the ono forward and the other aft, fiirnlehtd masts on which tho rugs were hohted ; a broken oar, which was luckily at band, was tianaformcd into u bow- sprit, and a linen bolster-case split open made a couple of jib sails, which answered admirably. Still the boat would not lia close to tho wind. The most which coull be done was to keep a parallel course with the steamer. When evening fell, and the vessel was BDut out from sight, sho was not above six miles onay, so that while tho light lasted the rite and fall of her bowsprit with tho swell could be plainly traced. The men speak jovially enough of the circumstance now, but moitifjinR indeed ii mast have been then to see friends, anxious and willing t) save, specdingaway, and painful indexed musthuve been their feehnge, with a home and security so near, to be left alone on tho " wido, wide sea." However, they did not despond. Mr. Harris divided them Into watches, one man to steer and another to look out, while tho others slept, and ho kept on the steamer's coune nntil daylight, though the chinee of catching hor was but small. In tho morn- ing, nothing was to bo Beon, and Mr. Harris then dctcimincd to steer for Triuldaia, a little islet perched on the ocean beteveen Soutli America and Africa, a barron spot, but on which v.ater is to bj procured, and on which, it is said, though it is not positively known, that a few waifs of Eociety obtain a piecarlons living. Triuidada must have been 100 miles distant, but the wind was lair, and aided by a fifth grui-n square sail, rigged amidships on the boat-hook-the little craft slippedalong at the rateoffivo or six knots the hour. There wa3 literally nothing in tho way of caUble3 on board, Hiero wns not even a beaker of water, or a pipe of tobacco; but the monboie the prit atíon with perfect good humour, lunching oa to who would havo their " plum dull," arid rclyirgfullv upon Mr.Hairis's assumej that they would make lane! the next day. Mr. Harris wat confident Wm^lf that ho would striko Tiinldnr1a by daylight, though, na a matter ofprocauüi.n, he led the men tobdlievo that it would be later in tho forenoon. How- ever, they had quito made up tlHr minds for another night at sea, when the nubts of the llemy Tabor, an American whaling barque, wero ßightctl. She was about eight miles off, but as the wind was free, tho boat soon inn down to her, and the crew mot with a hospitable reception. They had been ia tho beat for thirty two hour?, and ha) en countcied a vcrv heavy sea during the whole of that time. Next day the H^nry Tabor fell in with the John Bunyan, and tho moa wero taken on board that vessel. A curious coin- cidence is, that tho ,Iohn Bunyan, two or three days after receiving the crow, spoko the ship Daybreak, which had communicated with the London directly after the disaster. It remains to ho added, that, although the crew whoso nobly went to the rescue of foo poor sailor who fellovorboard, did not 6iicäeed in sa\itighim, they picked up the drowned man's cap. The circumstance, that tho boat was lost sight of by the persons on board the London ii oaBily accounted for, from the fact, that being painted white, it would resemble the ftnm of the sea E0 closely as to ho undlscerniblo, or It plight have beon easily mistaken for the white wing of a cltimniing sea-bird or the crest of a wave. It certainly does »pptar strange that when the calls weio hoisted, they should not have been drBctlod : but still it is a fact that even these escaped the notice of the mastboad look- outs and of the anxious gnzera on deck. Sincj the anival of the lost mon, rumours, emana- ting fiom some of the pa«Bengers, have attri- buted blame to Captain Mattin, in not having iLstitnted a Bofficiont search for the boat; but no euch imputations seem to havo been ruade at tho timo of the disaster. On tho other hand, tho saloon pa'sengors presonted Captain Martin with an addresä at thocUwe of the voyage as nn expression of their approval of his conduct, and Sir Daniel Cooper and Archdeacon Reibey, two of the passongerd, formally expressed their individual opinion tbatcveiyeffoit was mado to find tho boat. and that the Bearch was not abandoned nntil b11 ho|e was given np. Mr. Harris has also written a letter declaring that no commander could havo done more than Captain Martin did. An inquiry-which however, does not seem to have been conr'neted in a very fermai manner-was made into the facts by Mr. A. Morgan, acting thipping-maeter at the port of Melbourne, and the ovldenca taken by him was laid beforo the Attorney General, who pronounced that it did not furnifih grounds for a charge of misdemea- nour against Captain Martin. Doubtless, a full investigation will be mado by the Board of Trade in Eugland. It is al ni out needless to say that Mr. Harris and his boat's orew were welcomed on their atrival in Melbourne with the most hearty congratulations, both by their fellow-sailors,, by such of tho passengors as still remained here, and by all who took an interest in their fate. The affiiir was the great topic of public conversation for several days. A subscrip- tion has been commenced to present him and his companions with some substantial testimonial, to ovince tho sympathy felt for them, and tho high opinion entertained of their conduct in attompting the rescue of a fellow-man undor circumstances of great peril. While thankiBg all intending aab Ecribers, Mr. Harris has intimited that par sonally he considers himself already suffi- ciently rewarded for having done his duty, and that lie should be compelled to decllao any such testimonial. THE VOLUNTEERS. New Year's Day has becomo a recognized occasion for tho exercising of our volnnteor force. This time the field-day was upon a large scale; arid, as publio attention has of late been directed to the defence question, the proceedings aroused moro than tho usual degree of attention. The Melbourne race- course and its locality was the scene of the opeiatioDP, and the convenience of tho spot, tho fineness of the weather, and the attrac tion of the spectacle, drew not less than 12,000 f-pectators. His Excellency Sir Charles Darling vas present, and Mnjor-Goneral Chute, commanding Her Majesty's forcoB on tho' Australian station, took the com- mand of the volunteeip, of whom 2,100 attended, or nearly three-fifths of the force. The operations themselves were of an interesting character-instructiva to the men, and, at the same timo, affording tho visitors a noteworthy display of mimic war- fare. In brief, tho object of tho proceedings may he stated as the forcing tho passago of the Saltwater River in the face of an enomy. The naval brigado, with thoir gun boats and tho sixty-eight-pounder gun-raft, advanced up iho river to where their advance was cheolHd by o doublo lino of booms. Under cover of a heavy fire of artillery from the heights, end from tho flotilla, the brigade pusheii forward a party, and cleared away those obstructions by submarino explosions, which were well-managed, and had a capital offect. Upon this the boats dashed up tho stream, and landed a body of engineers, who set to work to construct an oarthwork to protect the hoad of a pontoon-bridge, which was then thrown across. Meanwhile the Horao Artillery and the Cavalry dashed ovrr at a hand gallop on a drawbridgo lowor down, the Rifles pjurod over the pontoons, and tbo little army wai speedily in formation on the plain before the mass of the spectators, After this the ordi- nary manouvres of a field day werecirried out, the men being well exercised until a Uto hour in tho afternoon. Tho prevailing opiiiion of tho public wa?, that the volunteers acquitted themselves well ; but on this point it will he sufficient to give the verdict of the major-general com- manding-au officer of proved ability, llrigado Morning Ordor. Head Quarters, Melbourno, January 3,1885. Tho Mnjor-Gcnoral Commanding haï again-,very great pleasure In comojitiff to timeo\oral Volunteer corps iho satisfaction uhlch ho yesterday experloiiood In observing their disciplino uni progress- lu drill tho manouvres having hoon performed by tho du- rèrent brandies with steadiness and precision, showlnr that considerable timo must have hoon dovotod nutt pains tohen, not only by tho Colmiol Conivrundant and Staff outers, but also by all ranks. The zeal and soldler-lilio bearing o\ Ineod hy tho ?various corpi, and the creditable, manner in Milich they mnrehed past His Excellency tho Governor, at the tci minalton of a harassing day («evora! corpi liai lug como from distant stations), nuulfeatcd tho degree of perfection at which thoy hate arrli od. In conclusion, the Major-Gonoral traits that the lolunteers will not rolax thoir efforts, constant prac- tico holng necessary to sustain their olllcloncy. By command. Wji. Heywood, Captain, Major of Brlgaio. At present tho volunteers aro engaged Ia routine work, the principal itara of which just now is the annual course of musketry iustiuction. There is some discussion rta to win re the ensuing Eastern encampment will bo held, but us yet, though both Ballarat and Lal Lal havo been named, no definite deci- sion bas been arrived at. The Legislative Assembly has adopted a clauso in the now Land Bill conferring a .£50 land ordor upon "effectives" of five years' standing, but the measure has jet to pass the ordeal of the Upper Chamber. THE NEW SETTLEMENT AT ADAM BAY. Tho steamer despatched by the South Aus- tralian Government with a second party of officials and labourers to the now settlement at Adam Bay, on the northern coast of Aus- tralia, returned to Adelaide on tho 1st inst, after having completed a circuit of the con- tinent-the first accomplished by a steamer and called in at most of tho ports in a couplo of months. The steamer was accompanied by a correspondent of this pipor, whose ac- count of the settlement has siuce appeared in our columns, His description of the position of affairs at Adam Bay is not a favonrtblo ono. The eite chosen for tho . prospective capital by Mr. Finniss, the head of tho expedition, has nono but nautical advantages to rtcouimend it. It is the Escapo Cliffs, prominently referred to in Captain Stokea' woik oa tho voyage of the Beagle, and appears to bo of too limited extent and too completely suirounled by swamps and junglo to bo Buit?blo for the purpose to which Mr. Finniss designs to put it. The river Adelaide, running into Adam hay, ii", ni waa well Icnowii, a magnificontstream; and tho bay itself would furnish ntlmirnble accom- modation for shipping. What ii wanted, 1 owever, at tho outset of a colony, ii good land, and there scorns to bo noie within a reasonable distanoo of tho spot whore tho party aro located. At tb" timo tho steainur arrived at Adam Bay, the first expedition had been in tho neighbourhooel nenrly six months. It hod- however, accomplished but little, apparently in consequence of the slight powar which Mr. Finniss was enabled to wield, and tho oppoaitton which ho encouutored. The first party mimbored about forty persona. It has been nearly doubled by the con tirgest taken up by the steamer, but the prosrects of the sottlomont ate not greatly brightened. Meetings have boon held in Adelaide of peraona who havo purchabed land in tho Northern Territory, and the Govern- ment have been memorialized tootder further exploration before the site of the principal town be definitely fixed on. ThU course, it is understood, tho Government have doter rained to adopt.' NEW ZEALAND. Affairs in Nuw Zealand continuo to woar an ominous nspect. Sir George Grey's leniont proclamation, which led to the resignation of his then responsible advisers, has not in- duced the hostile tribes to make tho slightest sign of submission. William Thompson cer^ talnly forwarded a letter to tho Governor,, stating that If an extension of time were allowed he would communicate with his peo- ple, but he commits himself to nothing, and no ono regards the affair as aught beyond an- other attempt at delay on the part of the wily and astute Tnmlhnna. On the other hand, tho East Coast tribes grow still more turbu- lent. The Waikatos, notwithstanding their severe defeats, oro prep-vrins to assist the Taranaki tribes in resisting Goncral Carno ron's progress, nnd the dofectlon of the Tauranga natives, who had beon received back to their allegiance, and kindly and - liberally dealt with, is reported. Not only this, but no attempt whatever has beon made to re-arrest the escaped prisoners. They are .still at laigo in the north of the island, and the effect of their presence there has been already made evident by a number of the Kalpara native?, hitherto a quiet tribe, plun- dering the homestead of a European settler, on the giound that some time back he injured a portion of the tcbel pa at .Omaha. A depu- tation from the English residents of tbo dis- trict has waited upou the Colonial Secretary, and requested the Government to repress fur- ther violence, or they would take the necessary steps to protect themselves. TUey declared tbatflt is not tolerable to live in a state of bondage to lawless savages, and that if the Government cannot assert the law and punish fcloniiB, the sooner the settlers are left to adjust their difficulties themselves the better. Governor Grey'B first proclamation having failed, he has issued one, bearing date the 17th of December, of a very different tone. In this he fully "declares his mind" with regard to the confiscation of the land of the rebel natives. He defines clearly the bounds -within which confiscation is to be carried out, so that now there is nothing to provent -the blocks for the military settlers being -thrown open at once, and he announces that ?the Government will allow no interference in the making of roads throughout the country. The prcclnmation is an important document, committing Sir George Grey at the eleventh hour, to the vigorous policy the settlers have so long proposed, and it may bo regarded as an immense step towards the settlement of New Zealand troubles It is now probable that field operations will be shortly resumed. At our latest dates, General Cameron was about proceeding from Auckland by sea with upwards of 1,000 men of the 18th and 60th Regiments, for service at Wanganui and Taranaki. The men take with them a largo supply of road-making . implements, and are in the first instance to be employed constructing a road between the two places named. It is announced that both the Taranaki and the Waikato notives havo determined upon the spot beyond which they will not allow the road to be formed without fighting. Parliament was prorogued on Tuesday, the 13th day of December. The Governor's speech contained the following passages : " I thank you for the zeal with which you have discharged your legWative duties during the present short session. " The resolutions adopted by both branches of the Legislature relative to the withdrawal of Her Majesty's land forces, so soon as may be constatent with Imperial interests and tho safety of the colony, shall be transmitted forthwith for Her Majesty's consideration. "I shall at the same time state that this re- quest is made in the hope thereby to remove all necessity for interference ob the part of the Imperial Government in the management of the internal affairs of the colony after Her Majesty's forces bave been withdrawn. " You have given me an express power to carry roads through the country, making just provision for the compensation of land- owners. This act, which equallv applies to both races of Her Mujesty's subjeots, will, I truer, if wisely administered, promote the future progiess of New Zealand and the civi- lization of its native inhabitants." MUSIÓ AND THE DílAMA. The Christmas holiday season is usually in these parts, as in dramatic regions of the old world, the timo when managers may calcu- late with some confidence on filling up vacant «paces in the theatrical coffers. There has been no departure from this pleasant poeition of affairs in the pantomimic run now draw- ing to a cIobo. At the Theatre Royal the season opened with the will- known burlesque of tho " Enchanted Island," founded on the "Tempest," whloh afiorded nn opportunity for the now familiar display of excellence in scenery and scenic effects, to say nothing of burlesque acting with such artists as Charles Young, Lambei t, and Harwood, aided by Miss Harriet Gordon, a lady who his already made a very favourable impression both as actor and singer. Subsequently, by way of novelty, it was replaced by William Brough's " King Turko the Ter- rible," reckoned one of the best pieces in this kind of work yet produced on our stag*. The pantomime has been carried out with spirit, supported, as it is, by the talents, pantomimic end ballet, of the Leopold family and Fraulein -Fanny. Mr. Lyster's opera troupe will shortly return > to Melbourne from Now Zealand, and perform for a short sea°on, with old favourites of the grand opera, some high class works not before produced In this hemisphere. At the Haymarket, the talents of Lady Don and the Howson family in burlesque and music have given great suc- cess to "The Last of the Ogres," adapted, through the interpolation of Victorian allu- sions and hits, by Mr. Akhurst, a local dramatist ; and the gymnastic feats of the Lenton troop have nightly mado the panto- mime most attractive. The first-named artists concluded along and most popular engagement on Saturday, the night of Lady Don s benefit, and will tako their departure thiä day for Sydney. The theatre will now for a time rest its attractiveness on the talents of Mr. Hoskins as a light comedian, and tho varied | skill of the Lenton company as gymnasts, including a successful exhibition of the slip- ping out of the Gordian knot, which lately attracted so much curiosity at home. A Mr, O'Neill, of whom report speakB very favourably as a comedian, will shortly commence an engag mont at the Hay- market. If we may not rank in the highest «lass of connoisseurs, no one can accuse us of neglectlDg music. The oppsrtunities for heating good music very fairly rendered are rapidly txtendirjg. Mr. C. E. Horsley, a worthy scion of one well kuown in tho musical circle d'of England, has made the attempt to introduce music of a high class at a solios of popular conceits In tho Volytechnlc hall, and the performances, vocal and instru- mental, by some of our best local artist*, and the attendance, give good augury of success. Such societies as our Philharmonic, the OrpbeuB Union, and the St. Kilda and Prah- ran Glee Club would do credit to any pro- vincial community. Tho latter sooloty lately gave a benefit coucert to an able instructor and conductor, Mr. S. Kayo, on his return to England. Amongst amateur musical efforts we niaj montion a pleasing concert recently given in Melbourne by the "Subaitopol Welsh Choir," an association in the neighbour- hood of Ballarat, who oxhibited intelligence and musical training. SPOUTING. Christmas raceB on Boxing-day, and New Year's races on tho 2nd January, mostly minor meetings, occupied the attention of many holiday folks in that gay seaBon. Since then we have had several provincial gather- ings-Ararat, Fortland, Wahgunynb, and Geelong; the last the most important that has been hold this year. Illumination, 8 yrs., by Warhawk - Gaslight, proved herself the best horse that ran ; although Mozart, aged, running under 6st. 121b. and 7st. respec- tively, WBB fortunato in winning the two principal handicaps. The Geelong Race Meeting wat», however, chißfly remark- able for tho closenesa with which the prin- cipal éventa wore contested. A new turf club is to be established in this locality, and sporting affairs seem to be looking up bravely jn the district. Ballarat Minora' Races on the extended Course, and Wangaratta Rices are -fixtd for the present week, and with these .our sportsmen will bo contented in view of the Launceston (V.D.L ) Champion Races to take place in the middle of February, whither several of tho best horses from. Victoria have beon taken. Cricket and bowls havo divided favour with the rowing clubs, on the Saturday half-holiday . of Molbourno and suburbs. But wherever the opportunity has occurred, whether on a river or where nothing but a swamp reservoir was available, the boating clubs have ap- peared in great force ; so that regattas have '.been held in some places where, until re \- contly, no boat bad ever 11 mted. The esta- blishment of a fine bowllng-greon at Prahran, under the able management of Mr. John -Campbell, and the succoss which the Mel- bourne Bowling Club has achieved, have m ado the game qnite popular, and iu several local! . tlee club3 have been formed. A match between Übe English and Scotch members of the Mel- bourne Bowling Club took place, on the green at Prahian, on Saturday, the 14th inst. In the course of tho afternoon His Excellency the Governor visited the ground, attended by his suite, and engaged in a little bowling practice. On the retirement of tho Governor, His Excellency was unanimously elected an honorary member of the club. Thero was a larger attendance of socctatcrj than on any previous occasion. The cricket world ha) just been taken by surprise with a semi- official communication that, in conjunction and cooperation with Oufljn.-an English olcvcn, captained hy H. H. Stephenson, miçht be induced to visit Victoria at the cloie of tbo next season in the old country. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. The Madras, with the EDglish mails, ar- rived in the bay early in the morning of the 19th inst., more than a week after the day u\oa which she wets expected. The delay was principally owing to the long pa8=age made by the Golconda between Suez and Galle, in con- séquence of which the Madras did not leave the latter port until the 26th ult. On tho voyage to George's Sound, and subsequently between that port and Melbourne, the Madras encountered strong head winds, which seri- ously delayed her. She arrived at George's Sound on the 11th inst., and after a deten- tion of eighteen hours, proceeded to aoa, arriving hire, as stated, on Wednesday last. The Bombay conveys the present mails to Gulle, atd is to leave at the usual hour to- morrow. STATE OF TBADB. The depression in trade to which we had occasion to refer in our last summary has been in nowise lessened by anything which has since transpired. At the present mo- ment business is almo3t paralysed, through cauaes which, it may be hoped, however, will not prove permanently injurious. The trade of the early portion of tbo postal month was necessarily gnatly impeded by the holiday spirit which prevailed. Subsequently to that the arrival of the mail waB anxiously looked foi ward to, as the commercial news to hand the pre« loue month was of a character cal- culated to haye a sorious influence on this market. The detention of the steamer on this occasicn was, therefore, peculiarly vexa tious ; but the intelligence ultimately re- ceived wa°, upon tbos.whole, reassuring: and we are inclined to thick that by this time a better feeliug would have been perceptible, had not the publication of the tariff proposed by the M Culloch Ministry caused the atten- tion of mercantile roen to bo turned ontirely away from the ordinary walks of business and political agitation to usurp for a time tLe place of commerce. We give the proposed tariff in full in another column, and its pre- posterous character is so apparent that we ure released from the necessity of comment- ing upon it here. We might readily point our, us has been indeed already in several in- stances done, the many ways in which the taxes suggested by the Ministry will pro- duce deplerable results ; but as the new tariff is, at the time we write, but a proposi tie.r>, we do not think it needful in these coiumns to treat it as though it were au accomplished fact. It is now uudergolng discuisson In the Legislative Assembly, and the isBuo of the debate will probably b3 known proviens to the mail's departure. It will readily be understood, under such a position of affairs as we have described, that trade has been almost dormant. The arrivals of the month have consisted principally of tcap, sugars, and tobacco. Breadstuffs from the neighbouring colony hav e also begun to come in in considerable quantities, but not sufficiently quickly to stop the demand for good Chilian flour, many hut Ired tons of which have been disposed of at l fair paying rate. For bottled ales and stout likewise a toleiable demand has existed, but orders have not manifested anything like a confident spirit. In other articles but little speculation has been manifested. (IOLD. Messrs. William Clarke and Sons report : "Tho gold maikot for this month has not been very active, and one or two of the Indian banks have reduced their shipments in order to decrease the price of gold ia the Melbourne market. This has hod scarcely any effect, as the ratcB at which parcels were made up are only a abade less than last month's quotations, The late arrival of the mai), and also the late of exchange ruling in the East, have both tended to keep the market qniet. The rates have been-for cash, £3 IBs. Ort. for good average fineness, and £3 16s. 9d. for very fine parcels, near 23 oarats 3 grains. The proposed alteration In the duty has made very little difference, as, gonerally, buyers had made all their arrangements be- fore the Treasurer's statement was pub- lished." The shipments of gold hence during the week have amounted to 24,920oz., of which quantity 21,440oz. were the produce of Vic toiia and 8,480oz. were transhipments from New Zealand vessels, making a total of 6G3860Z,, shipped since the 1st of January, The shipments made during the correspond- ing period of last year were 8,041oz. of Vic- torian gold, giving a total of 49,252jz. THE TARIFF. The following is the tariff of the colony of Victoiia, which the Treasurer has proposed to abrogate : s. d. Brandy, gallon . 10 0 Gin, gallon. 10 0 Bum, gallon. 10 0 Vth'skoy, galton. 10 0 Cordinls, gallon . 10 0 Porfuuicd spirits, gallon. ,. 10 0 Other spirits, gallons . 10 0 Opium Iteflncd, lb. 20 0 Haw, Hi. 10 0 Tobacco Manufactured, lb. . 2 0 Unmnnutacturcd, lb. 10 Sheepwash, lu..... OS Cigars, lb. .. ;. ti 0 Snuff, lb. 2 0 Rico, cwt. 2 0 Dried fruits, cwt. 10 0 Molnsscs and treacle, cwt. 3 0 Ten, lb. OB Coffco.lb. 0 2 Malt, biiBhol. 0 0 Hops, lb. 0 2 Sugar, cwt. 0 0 Wine Inn ood, gallon . SO In reputed quarts, dozen . 0 0 In reputed pints, dozen . 3 0 Boor- in wood, gallon . 0 0 In bottle, gallon. 0 0 In reputed quarts, dozen . 10 In reputed pints, dozen. 0 6 Cidcr In m ood, gallon. 0 0 In bottle, gnllon. 0 0 In reputed quarts, dozen . 10 In reputed pints, dozen. 0 8 Gold (c\port), oz. 10 The following Ib the tariff which has just been introduced by the Government, and which is now under consideration in the Legislative Assembly : Spirits or strong wators, of any"\ strongth, not exceeding tho Mrength of proof, by Sykos's I hj drometcr, and so In proper- S-lOa. per gallon. tion f, r any grcator or loss I strength than tho Btrongth of | proof J Spirits, cordials, liquors, ort strong naters, swootcned or mixed w Ith any ortlclo, so that I ,". ,,"_ ,," the dog! co of strength cannot [LV3, por tt0, bo ascertained by Sykos's li j dr. meter J Bplrits perfumed.10s. por do. Wine, per gallon, In wood ; or") for six reputed quart bottles ; I or Tor tu elvo reputed pint f bottles Alo, porler, epruco apd other's beer, cider, and perry, peri gallon, in wood ; or for six >6d. reputed quart bottles; or for j twolvo reputed pint bottles J Tobacco, manufao urod . .. 2s. per lb. Bo, unmanufactured .. ., Is. por lb. Do, shcop» nsh.8d, porlb. Snuff.2s. psrlb Cigars .Cs. nor lb. Tea.3d. por lb. Sugar and molasses .. .. 8s. por o» t. Colite and chicory, cocoa and)»,, ___n, chocolate ¡-2d. per io. Opium ., .. ., .. 10s. porlb. Elco. .. 2s. porewt. Dried and preserved fruits and" icgotablcs, nuts of all kinds (not including cocoauuts), butter, choose, candios, bacon, lard. haniB, starch, soap, con- id. per lb. orpack f< cllonorv, biscuits, comfits, > ago of that re fc« cet meats, Buceado«, Jams, | putod wolght, tapioca, itmccaronl, vormlcolll, Bago, arrowroot, maizona, spices, pepper, ginger, pre- served meats, and mil Hops.2d. per lb. Malt.eld. per bushol. Salt .. .. .. .. ., 203. per ton. Oil« i fall kinds and »Inegar «.. Od. por gallon. Varnish .. .. .. .. 2s. per gallon. Salted provisions, including Ash) » oorj0 not othorwlso cmimcratod /"". *T Doora. ,. Is. each. Window-sashes ., .. .. 1b. per pair. JKWKLLEIIT. Jewellery, plato, and articles of \R . gold, of gold watehos, or parts [8a-^I oz ' troy' of watches J t,«"»». Jeuollory, plato, and articles of ) Is. por oz., troy, uih cr, and silver wntcho» f gross. r^Os. m J st I 0I la jss.< I; or-) tics ; (, {20s. per cubic foot, measuring out- side the package, or for any pack- age less than ono cubic foot. Millinery andall articles made ti, from fabrics of silk or of silk'}-6s, do. di, ultu J w Uti other materials ria. por do. do. Apparel rind slops, and all itrti.^ oles mad« tip wholly or In pait f.om fabrics of wool, cotton, lii.cn.or mixed materials, boots and shoes, hosiery and gloves, hats, caps, and bonnets, manu- factures of wool, or ot wool mixed with other materials, Bnddlory and harness, leather and leathcrwnro )' Musical instruments, carrlagos,-) glass ami glassware, cliiuawaro j- 2s. per do. do. and porcelain J J Furniture, toys, and turnoryA wocdonwaro, bmshwaro, J wlcleenvarc, carts and drays, Vis. per do. do. earthcnwaio, oilmen's stores I not otherwise enumerated - J Export duty on gold .. .. Is. per oz. troy. Taiii.b oi> Exemptions. . All goods, wares, and niorehandiso not Included in the foregoing list, gold or silver coin, passongers' luggage, cabin ínmlturo, and all articles belonging to Hor Majesty's Government. THE WOOL TRADE. Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co. furnish the following repott for transmission by K.M.S.S. Bombay : '* Wool.-Sinco tho departure of tho Northam, on the 20th lilt., the intervention ef tho holidays and the unusual dolay in tho dolhory of tho November Euro- pean mails, have tended to produce) a degree ot inactivity In this market which Icavos little to report. Thcro havo been only throo auction sales held in Molhounie, at which tho price» realized havo beon fully up to tho rates previously ruling, making due allowanco. for tho news brought by tho Madras. The Burne desire exists on llio part of buyers to oporato at full rates which dis- tinguished the- earlier safes of the season, whilst thoro appears to he as little disposition ai over with pro- ducen to relax their domands. Tho table of ship- ments which wo annex shows, as will ho observed, a ver]- considerable increase in the number of bales shipped between tho 10th October and tho prosont limo over lh»t shipped in a corresponding period of last season ; in fact, nearly double tho quantity. At tho intoro lonial wool show, hold during; the earlier part of tho month, tho number of exhibits was not si large as might have hoon hoped, uHhouah tho quality and beauty of some of thom havo so»rcoly been equalled at any previous show. The prices realized for thoso wools at a small sale specially hold for tho occasion woro highly satisfac- tory, and for tho information of our friends In Europo wo furnish the annoxed priced cata- logue-.-Class I.-Washed Fleece-Phillip Kussoll, 1 bale, 2s. lid. ; F. Ormond, 1 bale, 2s. OJd.; John Cuming, third prizo, 1 halo, 2s. lid. ; T. mid S. Learmonth, 1 bale, 2s. 2}d. ¡ J. L. Currie, 1 halo, 2s. 3d. ; T. F. Cumiug, 1 halo, 2s. 2jjd. ; W. Degraves and Co., first prizo, 1 balo, Is. lOJd. : R. Q. Kcimodc, 1 balo, 2s. Od. Ctaai II.-Groasy Fleece Phillip Bussell, 1 balo, Is. ljd. ; A. 8. Robertson, third prizo, 1 balo, Is. 2Jd. ; W. Davis, 1 balo, 1«. OJd.; T. and S. Learmonth, first prize, 1 balo, Is. 3Jd. ; Ü. M'Kcllar, 1 balo, Is. 2}d. ; J. L. Currie, 1 balo, Is. OJd. Class III.-Fleece-J. Blair, 1 bale, 2s. 2Jd. ; J. Ormond, lbale, 2s.4d.;Colin Campbell,1 bale, Is. lOJd.; John Cuming, 1 balo, 2s. 2d. ; T. and S. Learmonth, 2 bales, 2s. Oil. ; J. H. Currie, 1 halo, 2s. 4Jd. ; T. F. Cuming, lbale, 2s. 4Jd. ; R. ti. Kormodo, first prize, 1 bolo, 2s lid. ; J. W. Wilson, 1 balo, 2a. Bd. Tho shipments which havo taken place during tho month havo boon aB follow :-1864-Weeks oading; Doe. 21. -1,483,4061b., valuo £108,667 ; Dec. SI.-l,S03,417lb., £80,803 ; 1906-Jan. 7.-2,203,4831b., valuo £104,186; Jan. 14.-763,852, value £G0,957 ; total, 6,849,2481b., valuo, £423.102; add pro-tius shipment-), from Oc toborlOto Dccfniborl7, 1804.-ll,740,40Slb., valuo, £007,344; total, 17,676,7111b., valuo, £1,330,500. Tho following ships havo cleared lor England since our last summary-.-Dec 24, 1804, Electric, 3,030 bales ; Dec. 27, Kosciusko, 3,018 do. ; Jan. 3, Angle- sey, 1,802 do. ; Jan. 0, Water Nymph (Geelong), 2,162 do. ; Jan. 10, Anulo Wilson, 8,776 do. ; Jan. 10, Olendowor, 4,142 do. ; Jan, 16, Groat Victoria, 4,620 do. ; Jan. 20, Champion of tho Seas (Gootong), 8,002 do. ; Jan. 21, Mediator, 4,016 do. ; Jan. 21, Yorksbiro, 1,630 do. Total bales, 37.014. Add proiious shipments, from 10th October, 1801, 65,201 bales : total, 102,875 halos. Tallow.-This market remains without any alteration worihy ot noto. Former prices aro fully maintained. For beef and mixed wo may quoto from £20 to £31 ; and for mutton, from £32 to £35 por ton. Tho following havo been tho shipments of tho month :-Electric, 74 casks ; Anglesoy, 61 do. ; Glendower, 131 do. ; Champion ot tho Seas, 20 do. ; and York- shire, 03 do. ; making: a total of 333 casks. Hides.-Tho transactions In hides during- the month have boen very small, and they wcro easily dispos d of at about former rates-say, for small, elry, and out of condition, from 6s. to 7a 6d. ; and for middling to host heavy, from 8s. to 13s. each. Tho only shipmontof tho month has been 6,860 hides by the Glendower." MesBis. B. Golds-rough aud Co. report as follows : "Wool.-Tho quantity which haï como to hind during tho past month, shows a considerable decroase over that of its predecessor, and it Is ovident that tho season is fast approaching a termination. At the «los a total of 13,101 bales hare boon citalogucd, of which quantity about 7,000 bales have boen disposed of at prices closely approximating to previous quotations, tho difference, whero it occurs, bolng a shado in favour cf the buyer. Good stout combing descriptions have, as UBuai, been well supported, and may bo considered to have almost maintained last month'* rat», but inferior conditioned sorts of both washed and prcaBy show a declino of from Jd. to Id, per lb. Tho advices received from England by la(t mall are of a moro encouraging character, and tile reduction in rate of discount is looked upon here tu a healthy symptom of reviving confidence, and conse- quently improved trado. That this is beginning to be felt is evidenced by tho fact of tho London Novotnbor sales being better supported than we could poialbly have anticipated, when the gloomy aspect of the pro "li&'iia H>Ml 9 wlvkes is co"8kle)red, Buyers on Wits sido now seem lo look forward moro hopefully to tho future; but operations are still conducted wlthox trcme caution, nnd on a thoroughly legitimate tots, as is apparent from the fact of this moro (avourablo news havlnif failed to exert any upward toadenoy in prices. Tho lato intercolonial show has caused considerable controversy on tho subjoct of wool grow inp;, and these annual comparisons of the merits of different breeds of sheep and sample? of wool, cannot full to oxtrcieo a most bonoflclal influence on tho future character of our groat staplo commodity. Tho improvement that has already been effected In tho growth and condition of our clip, and tho close atten- tion that is beginning to bo generally directed to careful breedlug, must a few j ears hence produce magnificent results. With continued judicious ma- nagement tho Australian shoep will undoubtedly in the cou no of time challenge competition, the c Imito exercising a most bonoflclal inlluenco on tho choice selections that havo boon imported from Europo. On this occasion the first prizo for the most bueerltir sample as regards character and c.ndl tion, has been allotted to an exhibit from Tas- mania, of the well-known Manx braud, which breed probably owes its best characteristics to the admlxtuio of choice German blood with our puro Australian merino. Tho progeny of importations from the celebrated French morlnoes from the Ram- bouillet flocks, also appeared to great advantago, as evidenced by strong and long-stapled heavy floocos. 1 ho «ampios of pure-bred Australian were not In such desirable condition as could have beon wished, and consequently did not show to propor advantage ; still, under moro favourable auspices, we do not doubt that a first-class sample would have been pioduced. Taking the exhibition as a whole, conclusivo proofs aro furnished of the great advantage that has boen derived from the valuable selections of rams which havo of late years been Imported from Europo, and wo feel assured that under the fostoring influence of one of the n.ost favourable climates In tho world, their progeny must in future years bo fully oqual to, and probably eclipse, tho moat celebralod iiocks of Germany, Franco, or Spain. Tho next annual exhibition will t.o hold at our warehouses in January, 18C0. Prices Current.-Greasy-Inferior to ordinary, 8d. to (X1. ; ordinary to average, Od. to 10Jd. ; good to nir:orlor, lid. to 13Jd. ; do,, cross- bred, 13d. to 14jd. Fleeco-Inferior to ordinary, lfd. to 17d. ; ordinary to average, 18d. to 20d. ; good to suportar, 2ld. to 25d. Scoured-Ordinary, J Gd i o Wd. ; good, 20d. to 22id. ; suporlor, 21(1. to 27(1. The followii g sliips havo cleared for England since our lost summary:-December 21, 1804-Eloctric, from Melbourne, for Lendon, 3,080 hales ; Doccenbor 27-Koscluiko, from Mo.bourno, for London, 3,018 haliB. * January 3,1805-Angloscy, from Holbourne for London, 1,802 bales ; January 0-Water Nymph, fr^m Geelong, for London, 2,152 bales ; January IO -Anulo Wilson, from Melbourne for London, 8,776 bales ; Olendowor, from Holbourne, for London, 4,142 bales ; January 10-Great Vic- toria, from Melbourne, for London, 4 520 bales. Januaiy 2C-Chan plon of tho Seas, from Gee- long, for London, 8,002 bales; January 21-Medi- ator, from Holbourne, for London, 4,015 bales; Janu- ary 21-Yorkshire, from Melbourne, for London, l,f 39 bales ; total, 37,6.4 bulos ; previous thipiiients, 03,104 bales. Total, October 25, 1801, to date, 100,773 bales. Hides.-Thoro is not much business doing, vory few lots coming forward oit" or for salo or shipment. Tho bulk produecd aro purchasod up country by dual-rs, and only a small proportion find their \iuy to market, tho grcator portion bolng taken direct to tho curing sheds. Quotations aro about as follow ¡-Inferior to ordinary,7s. to 8s. Od. bach ¡average to good, 0s. Od. to 10s. 6d.do.;8uporlorlioavlos,inshlpplngcondltlon, 11s. to 12s. Od. do. Hie Wavo of Lifo and John Bunyan aro laid on for London, and will probably tako about 11,000, nearly all of which aro on curors' account. Tallow.-During tho month thoro has boen an im- proved demond, and wo havo moved off several par- cels for shipment at the following ratos, say -.-Beef, £27 to £20; mixed, £28 to 32; mutton. £32 to £31 Sir to», Oloamtces havo boon as follow :-1801 - ec. 24, Electric, for London, 74 casks, 1805-Jail. 3, Arglescy, for London, 61 casks ; Jan. 10, Glen- dower, for London, 131 casks; Jon 21, Yorkshire, for London, 03 casks. Total, 301 casks." BAMK HEI0B.NS. The return of the liabilities and assets of the Bank of Victoria for the quarter ending -December 31, has beon published in the Gazttte,anâ from it wegatber the following par- ticulars:-Liabilities.- Notes in circulation, not bearing interest, £-52,066; bills in circu- lation, not bearing intereet, £16,018 2a. 4d. ; balance due to other bank?, £81,810 16s. 81. ; deiosits, not bearing Interest, £657,10993. Id.; deposite, bearing interest. £888,008 lo. 7a.; total of deposita, £1,6-6,177 10s. 8d. Total amount of liabilities, £1,848,098 9¿ 8d. The following are tho assets :-Coined gold and silver, and other coined metals. £270,617 13s. 7d. ; gold i»nd silver, in bullion or barí, £90,008 17s. 3d. ; landed propeity, £130.723 17s. del. ; notes and bills of other banks, £14,70112-«. ; balances due from other banks, £77,475 Gs. Od.; amount of all debts due to the bank, including notep, bills of exchange, and all stock and lunded debts of every do Eciiptlon, excepting notes, billi«, and balances due to the enid bank from other banks, £1,890.381 Is. Id. Total amount of assets, £2,485,908 7s. 9d. The return also includes the subjoined :-Amount of the capital stock paid up at tblB date, £600,000 ; rate of the last dividend declared to the shareholders. 10 per cent. ; amount of the last dividend declared,' £25,000; amount of the reservod profits after declaring euch dividend, £WO,Q0O. STOCK MU) SHAH» MAHKBT. Messrp.. Baillie and Butters report cf the trans actions in the stock and share market for the last month : " At the clos» of last month the approach of tho Christmas holidays had a vory'sonslbio effect on tho stock and share market, and comparative dulnoss prevailed ; hut tho cominonccniont of 1S05 has boon active and promising. Monoy is abundant, both for spccu'ation and investment, tho result of which lias been a vory largo amount of business in ovory description of stock. Dobenluros of various kinds havo been dealt in to somo extent. Bank shares havo had many purchasers, and considerably higher rates than quoted in our last summary havo boon paid. Our leading insurance companies huvo raado great pro- gress and largo profits, wlillo gas companies havo had average success. An important alteration hu been arranged in the position of our principal joint stock railway companies, numoly, ilio Hobson's Bay and Molbourno Companies, by amalgamation, which ha* resulted in improving tho position of tho Colonial Bank in the estimation ofcapi'alists, as, when the arrangement is complote, It will throw nearly ono thlrd of their entire capital into tliolr ordinary bu,l iicsB,J,which has been locked up lu the Jlolbourno Uno for a length of timo. Sovoral important financial operations have also bcon attompted during the month, tho first of which was tho Otago Harbour Loan of £60,000, boarlng intorost at tho rato of eight ncr cent, per annum for ten yoars, n portion ol willoh Iras teen placed by us, and a fair prospect of com- pleting- ii in a week or two. Our operations havo, however, boon In some moasuro thwarted by tho announcement of a loan of £200,000 for tho General Qovornniont of Now Zealand, having a cur- rency of from onoto three J cars, and also bearing intercht at the rate of S per cont., toiidors for which «ero received at tho Oiiontal Bank Corporation Hil yesterday, the 23rd Inst. Tenders, howovor, wero not to numerous as might hare been expected, and only a portion lias|bccu taken up ; negotiations aro, how over, In progress by which wo hopo to bo able to take up tbo unsold portion in a couple of days, and wo have no doubt whatever that tho Now Zealand Government will find an ampio supply of monoy for all their requirements without going into tho Loudon maiket at all. The security Is cquuf to Victoria», tho amount authorized to be borrowed being in all only £3,000,000, and of that amount, up to the prosont time, only £1,060,000 has bcou baued, so that, In- cluding tho present amount offered, tho liability of tho General Government would bo undor £2,OuO,000. A great many new undertakings of various descriptions havo been boforo the public, which havo been rooolvod with moro or loss favour. A now gas company Is being; worked up, proposing to supply gas at IDs. Od. per thousand feet, instead of 14s., and wo understand that Eeven-e'ghths of the entire consumers in and around Melbourno havo signed an agreement to take gns from thom if supplied at that rate. Tho . Aerated Bread Company Is ' un fait accompli,' and making rapid progress in public favour. Our mining interest is daily making gigantic strides In the estimation of tho public as one of the mont im- portant interests in tho colony. Now audextensivo HcIdB oro being gradually opened up, and searcoly a week passes without our being able to chronicle some discovery of a rich quartz roof, or a nuiv allu- vial gutter. Capitalists aro directing a larger amount of attention to this Interest than wo havo evor yet seen, und with much greater satisfaction and success, profiting, no doubt, by tho experience of former years. Our Syduoy neighbours are also desirous of tasting tho sweets of large and permanent dividends - from rich mines, and have lately sent an agent amongst us to collect Information ou the subject ; and wo louie forward to 1 wing not only thousands, but millions, o^Engllsh.capltal Invested in tho well-known and permanent minos of this colony. Debentures.-. We have effected sales of Viet ria Government Debentures six per cont., at £105 10s.'; Otago Pro- vincial Government Debentures eight por cent., at par and £101 ; and Hobson's Bay Hallway »oven per cent., due 1803, at £103; Melbourno lUllway eight per cent., duo 18GB, are offered at £101 ; Oolllne; wood Gns Company, eight por cent, at £102 1 s. ; and Ba.larat Water Works, short daUs, at £101. Banks.-Colonial, willoh wero rather depressed for some time, havo rallied. Sales woro effected as low as £7 15s. ; they aro now hold for £3 10s., with £S 5s. frcoly offered. National havo been rising steadily from £6 6s. to £6 8s., at which they aro now scarce. Kow South Wales havo been sold at £40, but aro held for on advance Victoria have also been done at £ 10 for colonial register, and are oxpectod to rise, In consequence of an anticipated Increase liithodlvldettd ; their proilts for this half year aro vory largo. The in- crease, If paid, w.ll be given In the simpo of a bonus. Shares ou tho London rogislor are held for £13. Gas.-Ballarat aro a favourito stock, and wanted at £7 16s, but there aro few soliera ; Bendigo are worth £4, bul not much dealt in ; Castlemaine unsaleable Collingwood and Fitzroy havo been largoly dealt in at from £7 to £7 4s. ; tnoy paid at the rate of twelve per cent, dividend for last half-year, and increased the reservo to £10,000. .Melbourne ha-, o not varied mutti, hut any alteration has boon for the better .'nie»; from £4 6s. to £4 7s. The usual dividend, at the rato of eight per cont. per annum, was declared at the meeting last weok. In- surance.-Australasian Flro and Marino have dono a large business (or tho half-year ju¡,t closed. Tho not profits havo boon various'y estimated at from £30,000 to £35,000. Wa believe It is nearer the lattor amount. Sharos have boon sole' at from 85». to 00s. A slight icactiou took place on the arrival of last mail, but they have again recovered, and are fnot offered under ,00s. ; buyers offer 80s. to 87s. Od. In the Australasian Lae shares, a largo business has been dono at 10s. Od. to 11s. Aus- tralian Alliance have boon dull, and aro not oa-ilj saleable at 10s. 6d, Colonial have booa unfortu- nate in their fire branch, which 'hoy 'have judiciously disposed of to tho Imperial Company, and now carry on only tho life and guarantoo, which, we understand, is. paying woll ; tho shires fell ti 9s" but are now saleable at 11s., and an held for 12sJ Tho Southoi n Company has made rapii strides inipublio estiaation ; the business tho; aro doing 'for so -young a company ii onormous and largo piolita are expected to ba tho result. Tin shares Save risen to sovonty-flve per cont. premium at which thousands changed hands. Thoyaro nowi littlo easier, the deuund being fully supplloi. Thoi close-buyers, 30s. to 31s. ; and sçllors, at 33s, t< 82s. Od. Victoria Life and General, and Vlcloila Fir* am Siarino have bcon almost a dead lotter In our market Miscellaneous.-Hobson's Bay Railway shares aro s?l dom dealt in, so many being held in London, and th holders hore are nearly all permanent ones, latos sali s, £61 Bendigo Waterworks sharos havo all bcei withdiawn from the market at prcsont, excoptati con-ldcrablo advance, they aro getting Into a ver satisfactory position.) ACriited broad shares are ii demand at par, hut a premium 13 demanded b, holders. The Minmi Colliery ii in tho hands of th official assignee ; in others, no business. Quart Mines.-Age of Progress, Wood's Point, havo boei dealt in at £62 10s. All Nations have fluctuated be tween £21 and £30, a great many having ohaugc hand] ; they close at £2810s. soliera. Bochho aro hoi lor £9. Cutliorino Beef United have changed hands a lOs.nd.; Kciih'sat5s.Ud. Clunes have boon very heavj Comet Company, Bedan, have got a now roof, an arc looking well. They have advancod from 7s. ed to 16s., with largo sales. The Eoglo Company (lat M'Nalr's) Is again on the movo ; »hares havo boei lnrgoly dealt in at 7s. to 7s. Od. Borculcs have no been crushing this month, in consequonco of tin erection of additional machinery. Hustler's Roi aro firm at 17s. Od. Grand Junction hav had continued good yields. Johnson's Hoof at improving; buyers at 8s. Od. to Os. Loch Fyn oro heavy. Loch Fjno and Fom-lrco aro buoyant they havo advanced from £7 10s. to £010s. Nolso Beef havo varied littlo; sellera at Ils. Result ai seldom dealt in, but aro doing woll. Tho Britannh adjoining the Bcsult, Is also getting largo and stead roturnB. St. Arnaud Silver are dull, at 6s. Tyson' Beef oro improving; buyors at 2s. 0d. VictorU Kee still moves slowly, and there is little disposition t operato in them. Tho Edwards's Reef, Wood Point, Is a great favourite, and lias been 1 irgul dealt In, at from £18 to £22. Tho Crooko Blvcr district Is also opening up as an e> tensivo field of onttrprlso, ana a lar^o amour of capital Is finding its way into it. Tho principal' mini in the district, in tholr order of merit, as noai asjca bo given aro the Pioneer, J off. Davis, Victoria, Uncl Toro, Good Hopo, lioso and Shamrock, Britannia Abo Lincoln, Boso of Australia, Little Dont and others of loss noto. For a twentieth share I the Pioneer, £1,200 is asked ; Jeir. Davis is in 1,20 scrip, and held for £30 each ; Victoria is about £5C for a thlrry-socond ; Uncle Tom roallzos £350 for sixth, atd so on. Thorcofs oro undoubtedly equal, not generally suporlor, to any in tho colony, TI; Inglewood district has also come again into notice ; ii rich and oxtonslvo quarta-reofa have long been no¡ lected ; Indeed enterprise has boen almost doad sine the once flourishing township was almost decimate by lire. Fresh capital and machinery aro gradual! being throw» Into the district, and something of ii fotmer p estigo is llkoly to bo rovlvod. Sah of the Columbian Bott sharos have boon effeetc at from 26s to 20s., and of -Maxwell's Boot in tolerab' paicels at par, both of which companies will soon I In full swing, and, wo hopo, giving good ratura Alluvial Mines.-Ballarat until lately has boon pn eminently our alluvial milling district, but tho m: stores of mineral wealth which exist at great dopt! arcgrailually bolngdevclopcd, Buninyong, Daylosfon Springdallah, Scarsdale, Creswick, Avoca. Talbo Star} borough, Tatadolo, and Kynoton, and lattcrl Costlomaino, aro all ontorlng the lists tis alluvial mit ing districts, and Daylesford particularly, promis lo vlo with Ballarat in the richnoss of its cultor willi li aro ah cady proved to oxtend for hundrods e miles lu various paris of tho colony-the latest dlsct viry being tho oxlstonco of nold undor tho basalt roo: which sutround8 thoCity of Holbourne. The Colline wood Gold- mining Company bottomed last week, an obtained a prospect of about two penny weights to til tub, the result of which lim been tho taking up < nearly nil the available Government land in tho stii posed course of tho gutter, and tho formation of con panlo) to woik thom, if mining [oases a-e granto by tho Government. Even undor our Zoologie; Galdón permission hos been asked to min by Mr. O.. F. Nicholls, who first indicate tho oxlstonco of gold In that locality. -Som Idea may be formed of tho valtio of some of ot alluvial mines from tho fact that tho United Kxtcnde Bond of Hopo Company's sharos, of which there ai 12,810, aro now in demand at £32 10b. per shan bringing tbo total valuo or the mino to £410,0 0, an generally considered good valuo at tho price. Upi culatora on its futuro expect au advance of fifty pt cent, on this amount whan tho gold is struck i their second shift, which is at prosont unprodtictivi lhere uro also many others equally rich, but ot loi extent, amongst willoh aro tbo Koh-i-noor, Ore: Extended, Bedan, Buninyong, Nelson and Wo lil gton, Princo of Wales, Boyal Saxon, Albion, Coi mopolitnn, and others, which havo produced larg quantities of tho precious metal, the Groat El tended and Koh-i-noor particularly, tho fro: yields rom which respectively up to tho 31st of Docon bcr aro £326,000 and £241,233 for, four years' worl Tho variations of prices during the month froi business dono havo been as follow :- Albion, £0t £10 10s. ; Alston and Weardale, £2110s. to£10 10s. Atlts, £27 to £20; Buninyong, £35 to £32; Car Clear, £115 to £145; Chrysots, £0 5s. to £7 10s. Cosmopolitan, £14 to £13 10s, ; Enfield, £92 10s. I £0710s. ; Essex, £80 to £00 ond a reaction to £7£ Golden Empire, £43 to £03 ; Great Gulf, £16 to £10 Great Extended, £35 to £31, and a reaction to £33 Great Extended, Blanket Flat, £35 to £30 ; Iland-li Hand, £14 to £21: Koh-i-noor, £06 to £55; Lal Hock li, £8 to £4; Loviathan, £17 to £{0 ; Nations Buninyong, £13 to £15 ; Ne» Buninyong, 50s. to 17 Od. ; Nelson and Wellington, £24 to £20, and a rea tie» to £231 ! R°y*! Saxon, £21 to £20 ; Royal Stat dard, Daylesford, £180 to £100 ; Scarsdale Groat E tended, £35 to £40 ; St. Gcortfo United, £20 to £35, and a reaction to £31 ; Band of Hope, jEilS to £130 ; United Red Jacket, £13 to £14 ; and Wombat hill, £10 to £7 ; Collingwood Gold- mining havo been dono at 100 per cent, premium." , i BBVINITE AND ESTIMATES. The revenue returns for the quarter and year ending December Slflt were published in tbe Gazette of the 10th inst. The following is a comparative statement of the revenue re- ceived during similar periods of last year and 1863: Quarter culling-. Year ondliig-. 81st Doo., 1803. Slst Dec, 1884. I.-Customs. Import Duties On Spirits Wlno.. Beor .. Tobacco and snuff Cigars Tea .. Sugar and mo lassos Coflco Opium Rico .. Driod fruits.. Hops.. Halt .. Sheepwash to- bacco Wharfogo and harborrates Ecgistration fees Total Customs.. II.-Excise. Spirits distilled In Victoria Publicans'licences Spirit merchants' do. Auctioneers' do... Brewers' do. All other licences. Total excise .. III.-Trouti T0I1UL. Land revenue Export duty on gold .. liftiers' rights Business licences. Leases of aurifer. ous lands Total territorial IV.-INCOME THOM ruiiLic Works. Railway income. Water-rates Electric telegraph. 121,212 11,821 10,251 31,100 2,828 31,611 31,3'0 8,508 0,430 3,013 6,720 803 1,440 1,020 0,032 121,332 12.08G 0,093 20,582 2,740 11,073 10,703 2,028 0,813 8,618 3,608 1,113 1,005 2,350 20,702 401,015 44,073 63,657 120,320 10,118 02,780 118,730 11,018 23,011 16,609 10,033 6,r" 8,446 6,218 618,081 49,511 39,771 127,631 13,693 09,195 92,430 11,042 3t,S93 16,433 16,201 4,325 8,745 0,503 52,200 11,245 1,433 l,2llo 261 2,4251 3,940 10,722 310 2,783 0,181 64,026 14,123 4,350 078 0,U4 15,030 20,«87 4,105 6,«33 251 4 693 19,22a 80,403| 50,717 337,753 30,211 7,7221 2,109 28,890 7,803 2,302 3,124 380,076 270,006' V. - Poms AND Habiiours. Tonnage .. Pilotago (at out ports) .. VI.-Postaob. VII.-Febs. Of Supremo Court General Sossions & County Courts Courts of Mines . Courts of Potty All other foes Total fees VIII.-Fikes ii FoRrjsiTUnKS. Of Supremo Court General Sessions it County Courts . Courts of Petly All other fines IX.-Misco-tiAXB 008. "en ts, exclusive of land Government prin- ter Labour of pri- soners .. Storago of gun- powder . Salo of Govern- ment property All other receipts, Total miscella- neous Not decrease on tho quarter .. Increase on the year Sr-JHUA* FUHPS, Police reward fund Penal establish meut fluid , > Tolls fund Trust fund Polite hospital fund 123,850] 0,681 142,0241 8,780] 4,277 160,754 3,948 4,300 4,507 0¡190¡ 14,427! 3,070 31,463 4,076 2,341! 9,718 17,571 706,702 151,608 28,000 10,020 0,003 115,097 28,117 10,120 8,300 433,016 24,222 480,332 28,812 467,837' 20,31ll 1421 20,4531 9,754¡ 18,420; 509,175 19,042 10,180 2,676 005 1,515 2,114 1,741 14,7201 860,808 706,979 1,809 9,7461 700,070 03,018 1,051 l8! io,*;s 24,501 1291 1,020 ajotol 177' 7,807 1,305 9,101 38,709 00,443 9,702 2,017 0,104 4,083 1,111 3,007 85,137 62,785 5,181 3,409 1,174 2,400 13,035 ? 28,603 44,822 P0;20t 129,413 7,734 62,577 8841 063 -he e* timotes for the current year worolaid before Parliament last week. The following is a statement of the revenue which tbe Treasur« anticipates receiving : No. 1.-Customs. Spirits .£510,000 Mino Beer . Tobacco anel snuff Cigars . Tea . Sugar and mótaseos Coffee . Opium. lllco ..,. Dried fruits . Hops . Wait . Sheepwash tobacco Wharfogo aud harbour rates , Estimated proceeds of new duties No. II.-ExctSB. Spirits distilled in Victoria .. Publicans' licences. Auctioneers' licences. All other licences . 45,000 82,000 123,000 11,000 05,000 70,00!) 12,000 20,000 18,000 15,000 5,000 0,000 0,000 75,000 1,010,000 236,800 1,255,000 No. III.-Tbrkitjuiai,. Proceeds of sale of land, viz. : By auction.£300,000 Hont and purchase ot land under Land Act, 1802.100,000 Selections under clause 23 of Land Act, 1802 .. 42,000 Pastoral occupation, rent, and salo of now and forfeited runs. Fees, leases, and licences, under soctioni 60,53,106,103, and 109 of Land Act, 1832 BontB of leases under amondlng act Export duty on gold. Miners' rights. Business licences . Leases of auiifcrous land . 037,000 Ko. IV.-Income trom Fituuc Woiiks. - Ballway incomo.610,000 Electric telegraph . 32,000 No. V.-Ports and HAiwotms. -Vjinago, &o.; No. VI.-Postage. Including receipt under ninnoy-ordcrs No. VII.- Fkeb. Supremo Court. General Sessions and County Courts Courts of Mines.. . Courts of Potty Sessions All other fees ,. . 578,000 19,000 130,000 17,000 3,000 G0C 9,200 89,000 70,000 60 4,500 4,700 10,000 2,700 5,000 3,600 1,000 2,800 80,000 45,000 Total estimated rovonuo ,, .. ..£3,005,400 PAM OP STATION ritOPEBTIBS, Slnco tbe departure of the last mall the following Eales of station properties have been, effected :-Messrs. M'Leay, Taylor, and Co.'s runs on the Paroo River, Kew South Wale?, together with 3.G0O head of cattle, 2,601 acres of land, situate on the Avon River, in North Gipps Land, for the sum of £8,000 cash. The Myrhee Station, in the Beechworth district, together with 4,000 head of cattle, forty horse?, and 1,060 acree of purchased land. Tbo Thelangerin Station, on tbe Lach- lan River, N.S.W., together with 21,860 sheep, to Mr. Walter Clarke, for the sum of £27,325 stalling ; terms, equal to cash; stores and horses at a valuation. A block of country in Sonth Australia, partially stocked with sheen, for tho sum of £6,960 Bterling ; toteas, half cash, balance at one and two years, with eight per cent, interest added. And the Binduck Station, ou the Murrumbidgee Ko. VIII.-Fîmes and FonraTimBa. Supremo Court. Courts of Gcnei al Sessions and County Courts. Courts of Petty Sessions . All other Ones. No. IX.-Miscellaneous Rents (exclusivo of land) Government printer ., Labour of prisoners ., ,. .. Storago of gunpowdor.. ,, ,, Sale of Government proporty All other receipts ., .. River, with 1,000 cattle, without muster, to Mcssts Severne, for the sam of £17,500. Also, the Coree Station, in the Murrumbidgee elis Irle!, N.S.W., the property of Messrs. Mac- kinnon and Lyiilaio, together with 6,000 head of cuttle and 6,400 sbeep, to Mr. Samuel Wil- son, for the sum of £68,100, on the usual feirns; and five blocks in tho Albert district, N.S.W., for the sum of £3,250; and four blocks in the samo district, for £1,500. MONEY AND EXOBAÏiOB. Since the departure of last mail the com- bined determination of the banks to discount j-aper having a currency of not moro than ninety-five days at a minimum rate of nine percent, was suddonly broken up, by ono of their number infringing the compact. This was followed by the receipt of advices by the mail £ team or intimating a reduction in tbe price of money in London, with the prospect of still less stringent rates. For the future, therefore, an easy money market may bo looked for here; and we have heard of one banking institution, in consequence of n re- dundancy of coin, having offered to do busi- ness at a considerable reduction uno a last month's quotations, whllo another has de- clined to renew a large deposit, except upon very modified teims of interest. Exchange bas undergone little if any alter- ation. From par to one-fourth per cent, dis- count may bo looked upon as the ruling rate. Iáttlo activity has been observed among theludian banking Institution-, whose principal operations lie in this particular depai traen tot banking business. Whether the transitient state of Indian financial affairs, in coneequonce of the introduction of gold as legal tender, or the adverse state of the ex- changes there, or the uncertainty of mer- cantile credit, or, perhaps, a combination of these circumstances, has compelled them temporarily to curtail their operations is not traite understood, but for the present mall their transactions have hardly been so exten- sive as formeily. STOCKS IN BOND. The subjointd return shows the stocks in bond at Melbourne on the 2lst inst.: Brandy, 7,808} hhds. 78,300 cases ; rum, 1.039* hhds. 1,013 cases; geneva, 33 hhds., 114.998 red cttsei, 2,903 green cases ; whiskey, 1,200 hhdti. 33,055 cases ; gin, sweetened. 03 hhds., 16,523 caBis ; cordials, 2,014 cases ; spirits of wine, 132 hbdf.; other spirits, 81 hhds.19,120 cares ; wine, 4,319 hhds. 22,747cases; colonial spirits, 1.077hhds and casks 34 cases; boar, 3,3914 hhds. 6,111 coses and casks ; tobacco, manufactured, 1,256 half- tlcrces, 2,340quarter tiert.es and kegs, 15,151 three-quarter boxesand boxes, 5,859 cases : total, 2,975,3451b.; do., unmanufactured,! 170 hhds. and casks, 68 caaes, 3,087 bales ; total, 485,7281b.: cigaw, 690 cases: total, 72,4431b.: snuff, 37 pack- ages; tea, 20,936'cbe=ts. 45,037 balf-che<tf, 37,442 boxes; coffee, 3,222 bags, 5 tierces, 428 conks, 271 barrels : total. 774,0921b. ; molasses, 103 hhds. ; sugar, Mauritius, 63,194 bags ; Java, 8,438 bugs; other, 113,065 bags, 58 casks and enfes ; chicory, 910 packages ; opium, pre- pared, 204 packages 9,7791b. ; do., unprepared. 30 packages, 4,3451b.; dried fruits, 11,704 packages; hops, Í21 pockets; rice, 67,142 bags ; malt, 4,940 bags. IMPORTSlAND EXrOETS. The following talle gives the imports and exports since the commencement of the yoar, as compared with the corresponding period of 1864: Week ending Imports. 806,417 307,004 242,373 303,647 Exports. £, 145,343 242,394 430,000 Duiing the urst period the account stood thus :- I Imports El. ports Balance of Importe over oupoits During the setond period : Inip'rls . Exports . ? .. .. £401,774 £546,023 430,000 £100,203 Balance ollmpoits «ver exports COLD SHIPS WHICH HAVE SAILED, The following is a list of the gold ships which have sail«! hence since the 1st of November, 1804, with the quantities and the destinations stated separately : 15 1804. He-, SClly of Melbourno 5 Coorong: .. Auckland ., Royal Dane Star of Poaco Lincolnshire City of Melbourne Coorong .. Giant's Causeway. Albion Remplira ., Morarían .. Ist mbeiil,, City of Melbourne. Slnrco Polo ¡j 2f>¡0otlicnljur¡j " àjiui>v6r Castle " 26 Madrai " 28 City of Launceston 20 City of Adclaldo,. 8 City of Melbourno 0 Alo infra .. 10 City of Hobart .. Dec. Aucklaid Penola Black Svnn ltingOstór.. Kent 1 .. Whl c Star flty of llelbourno Alhambn.. Ocean Hover Scottish Chief . Asiatic .. Derwent ,, Oothcnburj \Voncrn Volga . Northam ., Kosciusko.! Hand Hamilton . llarwon ,. 3Cltv of Molblurno 1 Anglesey , ! Rnnpatlra. 2 City of Melbourno S Auckland .. I B Great Victoria ! Hero 8 City of Adclalco.. lO.Coorong .. 2l|Mcdiator .. 21iYorkslilro.. Sydney ., Adelaide. , Auckland London .. London .. London ,. Sydney .. Adelaide London .. Dunedin.. . Ado'aldo.. London .. London .. Sydney ,. London .. 'nvorcargill . London .. Point do Galle. UlUlccst n . Sydney .. Sydney .. Dunedin Dunedin Auckland Adelaide Launceston Hone; Kong . London .. London .. . Sydney .. Dunedin , Hontr Kong . London .. , London .. , Launceston . Dunedin Sydney .. Point de Gallo. London ., Auckland Sydney .. Sydnoy .. London .. 83'dnoy .. Sydney .. Auckland London .. Otago .. , 8ydnoy .. , Adolatdo London .. London .. i.asa 7 II 2,012 10,0" 2 8.S0S »1 11 10,401 3,007 5,328 4,040 7 8,723 95,640 11 4,141 837 4,132 0,778 3,059 2,571 4,713 8,072 00 77,058 13,877 4 2,347 13,328 8,505 28 0,602 3 14,440 12 35 *a 2,002 8,335 KAILWAT T1AÏFIO RETURNS. The following is > statement of the traffic retornB of the Victorian Government lines of railway, of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Ballway, and of the Melhoumfl Company's line (late the Melbourne and Suburban line), for the month of December : Pas Hobso-'sBny,. 3,700 0 ffl Molbourno Co.'s.l 4,707 0 V £ s.d. 34,4741 8 5,10014 5 Total. s.d. 81,002 8 5 8,990 Oil 4,707 0 7 MOTES FEOII THE SEA. Canfain Duncan, of the ship Coleroon, which nrrived from lVmdon on the 0th inst., ripoited that on thevnynge out he "saw a ship becalmed, with all her sails clewed np, with Hie exception of the fore-topsail. She was distant about ten miles, had three royal yards aloft, and appeared to bo about 1,200 tons register. At about ten o'clock same night, when about fifteen miles to leeward of her, saw her burst ont in flames, which illuminated the ocean for miles round. Was tco far to leeward of her to render assistance. Whan the ship was sighted in Hie afternoon she did not display any signals, and, from this distance, those on hoard the Coleroon could not describo the hall." Captain Duncan having been blamed for not endeavonr lo otford succour to the barn irgveseel, forwarded to us the following ex- planatory particulars:-"Tuesdav, Novem- ber 22, lat. 28° 17' sonth, long. 23°50'waRt. At eight a.m., a large ship wa? seen to south- west, nearly hull down, with three royal yards aloft. All her 3ails were furled but the foretopsail, and the foretopmast staysail. At noon there vas a calm, with occasional light airs. We unbent our old salb?, and bent new ones. At five p m. all the Bails were bent. The Bhip to westward was still In the same state. We supposed she had been repairing sails, or did not wish to set them. There were no signals fly at the time. Another largo ship was seen coming up direct for her, anti to windward of her about five miles; while at the same time a largo doable toptailyard barque was astern, parallel with tbe ship in question, and would pass her within hail. The day before, the Ooloroon p/ifsed five vessels steering in the sameoonrse, which would pass her also. Now, on re- ferring to the log, we should be two miles to leeward ; but although at that distance, blue lights weie fired from the Ooloroon. Next day a sail came up with us, hut too far off to signalize*. By the course sho was steering »hen, sho wonld have left the ship right astern. With these shipg about her, I saw no Kood in beating np io windward, knowine she» «an any amount of tweiatancc available." T^e auxiliary screw steamship London rcaehesd tho Heads on the 2ad inst., after an expeditious run of sixty-four days from Plymouth. She reported having lost a maa overboard and a boat's crow of six moa who went to his assistance. This crew, howayer It subsequently appeared, wore saved undor olrcnniBtancos which aro fully narrated in another column. The CbarleB Edward, which arrived in port ¡mm the Gipps Land Lakes on Sunday re- ported the loss of the Trio, a small steamer trading to the lakes. .The accident occurred through the vessel being caught by a Btrontt side-wind, and driven ashore, as she was oute»? ing the inlet. The crow were saved. EXPORTS From tho Port of Melbourne from tho 110- J December, 1864, to tho 14th January SÎS.& compared with the corresponding period of 1863.4. Valuo*. Quantities. Agricultural Im- plements Alkali-Soda, tons Antimony oro, do. Appaiol and slops Arms and ammu- nition .. Arrowroot, lh. .. -Asphalte, tons .. Baprs and Backs . Bnrlt, tons Beer Bottled., DraugK Biscuit, tons Black sand, do. .. Blankets and wool- lens Bonos, tons Books Boots and shoes. Bran, bushels .. Brieks, No. BruBiinare Building matoriaU Butter, tons Candles, do. Canvas .. Carpeting.. Carriages, carts. &c; Casks, ompty . Cement .. Cheeso, tons Chiîory Chinan are Coats, tons Cocoa and choco late, lb. Coffee Coir fibre.. Confectionery .. Copper .. Copper» aro Cordage, tons .. Corks .. Cottons .. Cutlery .. Drapery .. Drugs Drucglsu' ware.. Earthenware Eegs Fancy goods Felt Fish Sa.tcd, tons .. Preserved Flour, toDs Fruit Dried .. Oreen, bushels. Furniture Glass Bottles Plato .. Window Gloesnaro.. Glue, o» t. Gold, ounces Grain Barley, bushels Beans« peas.do. Halt .. Maize, bushels.. Oats, do. Bice .. .Whait, busho's Grindery .. Haberdashery Halr.cwt.. Hard« are and ironmongery Hats and caps Hay, tons.. Hides, No. Hollowaro Hops Horns and hoofs Hosiery .. Indlarubbor goods Instruments Musical.. Scientific Iron awl steel, tons Jewellery.. Load, tons Leather, do. Leathorware Lime, bushels Linon Lil o stock Cattlo, No. Goats, do. Tigs, do. Poultry Horses, No. Sheep, do. Machinery Mai ble ¿'¿»encsand vesta* Hats and rUi?« . Moal C( ni, tons ?, Oat, do.. Metal, yellow, do Miscellaneous .. Molasses Naphtha and caul' phlnc, gals. .. Nails and scrows, tons Kuta Oars Olkloth .. Oils, gals... Oilmen's stores . Onions, tons , Opium Paints Paintings and en- gravings ,. Paporhanging« .. Perfumery Photographic goods Pitch and tar .. Pipos, tobacco .. Plants and seeds., Plato and plated ware Plumbers' wale. Potatoes, tons . Preserves.. Printing material» Provisions Preserved Salted, tons Paps, tons Ballway materials Bcsin Saddlery .. Sago, lb. Salt, tons.. Slilpchondlery . Silks Skins Slates, No.. Soap, tons Specie, gold Specimens of Na tura! History .. Spelter, tons Spices Spirits Brandy Cordials Gin .. .. Perfumed .. Hum WTilskey Undescribed .. Starch and blue .. Statioiery Steel, tons ., 8tone«rare Suttor Tnlioir, tons Tapioca, lb. Tea Ter tit and tar pauline.. .. Timber .. Tin. Tinware Tobacco .. .. Cigars Snuff .. Tobacconists' ware Toola and utensils Toys and turnery Turpentine and varnish, gals. .. Twine and thread, Vinegar, gals. .. Watches & clocks Wlno Wicker and wood' enwaro., ,. Wool, lb. Zinc, tons.. 8,210 SOCM 1,805 3,340 6,213 I.1 3,301 2,113 1,260 COO 2,146 2,807 2,161 16» 4,771 074 621,012. 407: 1805. & 130 408 444 0,7O3| 801 480 202 1,892 0,978 270 1,112 210 1,732 400 230 611 IS! 4,28«! 1,381 16,700 1.07U 60 205 SOO 8,700 405 41 2,405 1,431 437,301 1805. ~82 7,0i 10,60i \- m 210 675 8,025 878 320 2,517 240 3 8 70 40 125 141 0,080 23,420 6,003 07 1,212 80i 852| 1,410 743 2,12(5 23j 97 1,000 4,1201 134 433 840 1.170 0,24 307 500 50,444 7,831 123 2,283 20 1,182 520 890 217 4,40fl 140 238 12,060 6,078 05 13,058 60 1,604 240 030 33,380 3,488 116 1,140 407 6,722 5,629 1,100 100 0,377 103 1,910 10,5S1 1,870 1,845 1,162 72 3,i20 05 131,074 2,420 74S 39,014 2,303 .117, 10,4551 21 ISO 21 103,935 291 10,231 8051 31,188 1,85 12,052 191 3,723 1,1 1.107; 277 730 53,448 0,002| 3^,473 3,780 21,098 1)20 154 17,175 6,008 493 22 3S2 754 1,451 335 421,162 15,390| 142 3.1501. 11,!» !3,0M '2331 MELBOURNE WHOLESALE TUO® CURRENT. .f] The Argus Omeo, Tuesday Brail* Owing to a combination of circumstances, sin» last monthly summary, wo havo hat » 9C,n'r"^, to forward by the outgoing mall. Tho-Chrlstm» 1 days had barely betmlnated oro ti« arrlv»1 ? mau was looked for, and being some ftw W» ? yend her time* business wai k»nt in cb«* nature of tkB advices brougàfc hy ber ¿jtnl general Iniluince 00 tbo impert markets, »» 1 announceraiat of tho Ministerial hudgot, PJ»JJJ| from we»k te. week, was »*Wj ¡SÎT and dottrrcd tporation« of any extent mw^ helng announced that coitato ^""^SiaM «nada la the existing terií. Trade transK"01» IZ.-niiv boon of on almost retail character, and i CTJ?,Xvo generally undergone but little chango. Tlio t rj'lca alter»«0"9- fully explained olsowhoro, havo pr SZ\i norfciit constf-rnatlon amongst all classos of ÄT from Importers downwards, has totally un i?i«i ' nrlca«, »n«1 caused almost a suspension of f,.CJ oénorally speaking, in other respects, SS? Tin a fair healthy condition ; tho Christmas Änbic- has pus«««! »T f&iourably;, and tho fow ïiiT.rT »hiih navo occurred havo been of unlm ftS extent. The «ettlomont of the tariff, in p T. «vor other, is anxiously desired, as buyers, îSinif been out of the market for quito a month, f .Tii, «locks have becomo low, and roquiro roplonlsh »nt which «111 Ieaa t0 »» '««proved domand." Aioindsloutflnboth drauirht and Blass, havo hoon £ Inmroiod Inquiry, owlnif to -tho moro sottlod Iñmmcr weather, and prices havo quietly crept up to î,7,r ouotatlon», which aro as follow : Ile mid Stout.-Now Browory Co.'s Carlisle ale, J.T io/' Bass'» No. 3 (iew),£8; Joule's, £8 to £d t .Márrlaii'«,£71Cs.to£8;AlIsopp's, £7 IBs. ; Byass'«, fr.'.K n, od.; London and Colonial Co.'s, Os. to 9s. 3d. ; Sinn's O». OU. to 9s. Od. ; othor bottlers', 8s.. to a« Stout -Best brands, £0 6s. ; other browor»', Ik ins to £0porhhd. ; Dublin stout, bottled, 9s. Od. to in« Soil Bjoss's,9s. Od. to 0i. Od. ; Machen's, 0s. (k1, to in« MÄonand Colonial Company's, 8s. Od. to 8s. or! .' Barclay's, bottled hy Frlond, quarts, 0s. Od. to Ïs/Od. ; other bottlers', Bs. 3d. to 8s. Od. por *j£~'g ,"(1 Sacks.-Tho season for tho domond for woolnacks hal big passed, prices aro almost nominal. Tho lato harvest created a declino in tho Inquiry for ihiec-liuiliH sacks, and Io« cr ratos ensued. Improved Jemand added to tho light shlpmonts advised, has iaused à rally, and prices aro again steady at about 19s Od. to 20a. 8d. ptr dozen. Gunnies in fair Inquiry. Ouototioiis are :- Good throe-bushel sicks, 10s. Od. to «os ncr dozen. Full-weight woolpacks, 4s. Od. to 5s. iach. Gunnies. Os. 9d to 10s, Bacon and Hams, coming under tho nltorod tariff, nro bonded, and Inquiry nlniost suspended. Host brand» aro, however, steady, but quoted In bond, Varey'a and Sinclair«, at 13}d. to 14d. ; do. bacon, lid. to 12d. ¡ and othor good brands at proportionate "Butter, imported, romainB quito out of tho market, and as cotiiidorablo supplies nie being potted for « inter use, lher° '! no prospect of profit for shippers. By auction, last week, double rose Cork was placed at 61d. to 6¡d. per lb. Candles continuo to bo torced off by auction, and owii't to being, m mol,t instances, sold " with all fluilti," are quito unimproved In valuo, and aro un hscll to show any early improvement. Quotations -I0 ._Keva»tcarino, lod. ; foreign full-weights, OJd. to Oíd. per lb. ; light-weights, at fromOJd. to 7d. tur packet : Belmont spermB, OJd. to 9Jd. por lb. Cement li without chango, and continuos atlast quotations, ilz. :-Portland, 16s. to 10s. por barrel ; "Bqmin cement, Us. to 12s. por barrol ; American plaster, lis. to 15s. cor barrel. Cheese Is In fair inquiry, but mostly confined to small sores of English make, for which from lid. to 11 Jd per lb. is procurable in small parcels. Chicory, of most approved brands, brings from 3d. te Sid |icr ¡b. ; but tho Inquiry is dull. CtlTfi Is »lightly easier In prie^j ; two cargoes ii»ríii¡r stih »I 'rom Ceylon, in addition to limited puxeliol >.«. These havo, howevor, it is under- stood, el i 1 hands, but at undisclosed prices, and rta) pe- ' . causo a rally in prices. Wo quoto Ces ton li" .tatton, at 10jd. to lOJd. ; native, Od. to :>Jd>; .1- .i, UJd. to lOd. per lb., in bond. Co'oajd - Assorted sizes of Manilla ropo aro still lu ¡nqu i> it steady prircs For othor descriptions de- mand coiitiiiucB unimproved. Calcutta lines aro dull cfsate. buje! qualities of sonning- twine are still of tolerably ready tñlo, at stoidy quotations. Prices aro as follow:-Europe rope, £12 to £45 ; Russian, £45 to £50; Manilla, small sizes, £47 to £49 ; others, £10 ; Calcutta lines, £41 to £42 nor ton; tuino, seaming and roping, 13d. to 14d. per lb. Confectionery.-The supplies of local manufacturo batobocnsocxiensiveas almost to prevent tho sale of Imported kinds, for wliUiqot over lOd. to lOJd. perin, is procurable for best/¿¿sorted in small parcels, (Suidicdfoollsquotcd.atlsMo 12Jd. peril). Drugs and Chemlcale aro gouorally without chango. Theproposcd alteration In the duly of opium has in- duced impottcrs to nek 17s. to l8», per canister for prepared, in bond. Fatna is nominal at about £1G0. In other articles under this hoad, sales aro dull. Soda cristal«, £10 to £10 K8. ; caustic soda, £21 ti £25; floor of sulphur, £23 to £21 por ton ; carbonato of soda, 16s. to lCs. per cwt. ; tartaric acid, 2s. to 2s. Id. per lb. ; antonio, £10 to £17 per ton. Fish (dried) has been and continuos vory dull of «ile. An ao.plo supply of various fresh sorts renders Importations of driccl kinds quito needless, and ship- ments, as with butter and soiiio few othor aiticles, will in all probability soon terminate, from want of remuneration to exporters. Holders' quotations, howcicr, aro [as follow:-Ling, 4d.-"to 4}<i. por Ib.; nhito herrings, 22s. for half-barrels, and 7s. Od. to &. for firkins ; red herrings, 24s. to 25s. per two doren tins. Fruits (drlod) are, owing to tho abundant supplies Mid the great varieties of fresh sorts, in scaicoly any Inqu'iy whatever, and until tho close of our summer season, no Improvement In I sported descriptions can- to looked (cr. Quotations, which aro, however, in great mensuro nominal, aro as f.'llow : -Apples, 3jd. TO"4Jd. ; currants, 33d. to 4Jd. ; Muscatol raisins (layers), til. to 7jd. ; Elemo, 5d. to 6jd. ; Sultana, Od. ; lurkcy figs, Cd. to 7d, per lb. ; almonds (soft shell), 8d. to Od. per lb. ; Capo raisins, 6Jd. to 5}d. ter lb., duty paid. Flour, Grain, ko.-Within tho post month a stoady, «ctivcjandli-althy business has been done, In brcad ituffs especially, heavy arriials having for a time coMcd from abroad, and tho disturbing oloments « Well brought about the great and sudden fluctua- tions of tho four preceding months having hcon loss felt. Stocks of flour on tito lit Inst. must hate boon considerable ; as the imports since then havo.bcea uu equal to our consumption, tho demand for flour of colonial production was great and has so continued. Tho present monthly consumption of flour Is not much under 0,000 tons ; the imports do not oxcoed 1,230 ton«, out ot which Is to ho deducted 240 tons exported lor the four weeks ending tho 21st inst. Although a considerable quantity must have been hold by con- sumers, storekeepers, and In the country, yet the de onand for supplies of Imported has been stoady and dncreaslog, until within tho last few days, occasioned, "no doubt, by new wheat coming into consumption. Importers of Chilian linvo done their bpBt to sot at rest the qunliiy of their imports by propor classification, which lias given the needed confidence to tho buyers, and tlie'rcstilt has been larger transactions, at enhanced prices. As regards the prospects and yield of the crops ?olcercsls reaped, oraboutbelnglngathcrcd, throughout lie Austinlaslan group, more or less dependent upon each other for supply and consumption of bread- stuff*, it is too premature to arrive at any conclusion on the point as to whother tho production will bo oqual to tho wonts. As far as regards New South Wales, it appear« that a deficiency Is anticipated, and tho mer etantsoltliatcolony.frompastoxperienco, havoadopted tie maxim, " To bo forewarned is to bo for*armod," and not eating to throw tho nordon of their ontire necessities upon South Australia, havo already sont for supplies from Chill, ¿te. In this colony, tho harvest will not ho nearly an avorago in breadth or yield, but the quality will bo much superior to the last year's growth, which will help considerably. South Atiklrnlla supplied from her surplus list year ?close upon 70,000 tons, and there Is reason to bolleve »ho will exceed herself this y ear. Although tho average may not bo so great, tho acreago Is greater in extent. Tasmania Is not likely to apara any oier her own requirements, -while In Now Zealand tho prospects oro well reported of. Queensland, and the moro southern provinces of Now Zealand will require to draw Bupplles from tholr usual souiccs-Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, and it la moro than probablo that tho notico of our position may again attract the attention of tho foreign merchant as in tho past year. In lioreo-fced thero is no specu- lation, the business of thopast month having been of a trade description. Oats ha\o been finn, but any riso in prlco Is .speedily chocked by a dunlinilon In consumption, and un Incitase In the application of mateo, the production of which latter article In the neighbouring colony of New South Wales seems to bo almost unlimited in cxtont. At tho porto! Melbourne, for tbe four weeks ending tho 21st hist., tho Imports of ftourfromSouth Australiaweroabout714tons; United States of America, 100 tons ; wheat, 27,500 busho s from South Australia ; tho exports, 203 tons Hour, and 1,342luttais wheat, chiefly to Tasmaula and Now Zealind ; Import of oats, 2,000 bushels from tho United Kingdom, and a few thousand bushels from Tasmania, wlthabmit33,00O bushels mateo from Kew South Walos Onthcdcpsrtureof lhelastEnglishmail.priccsof bread- stuff! »ero drooping ; Adelaide flour had touched £19 2*.td. ; Chilian, £14 2s Od. ti £10; Caitornian, £21; aiidAmcric.n barrol, £18 ; whilotown millers quoted £21 per ton. At the end of tho first week in January, prices became moro steady, octa loncd hy an actlio consumption demand, and prices advanced fully £1 per ton. Inthocourso of tho socond week a ¡tid moto active business was done, buyers being tumid for parcels of Chilian flour to tho oxtent el 800 tuns and downaards ; and in courso of |»i« «eck. it is Bald that about 2,000 tons Chilian and othor sorts of flour changed hinds at Priées approaching £16 por ton for Chilian. Since Chilian bus steadily advanced, and tho closing prices . iii htsl Qualities In Importers' hands aie £17 lo £17 10s. At auction to-d»y, howovor, £16 was accepted for a parcel. Adelaide sorts, after touching; i-a, receded to £22 10s. not yestordny, and at auc tion to-day It was quitted at £ 2 10s., on tonni. Cili lornian and barrel flour is well worked out. Town millers quoto at £22 to £23 per ton for their own manufacture, and £21 for Amerton barrel, i . TV*" °'d wheat has boon worked out ; the ,*.WIi» finding buyers nt 8s. to 8s. 6d. Now Adelaide, after touching 8»., ran up to 9s. Od. ; a re- action has sot in within tho last few days, and 8s. 8d. «as been accepted At tho country mills prices rango irom ib. ed. to 8s. 8d. per bushel. Somo oxport «ii?.10 been «ecutcd within tho last Tow days, »mcii baie tended to krep up prices in town. Oats, colonial, old or new, find buyors at from 8s. 7d. to 4s. ; supplies aro barely eqiialtodomand. Howovor, now are no» com'ng In more freely, and prices may possibly receiic. Irish, Dutch, and Danish aro slow of sale, at £;»d.lo8s, 8d. ; Californian would bring3s. Od. per «ii A Trley.-The demand is not active. Capo, ii I"'"B Eo»ts. la worth 3s. Od-, and malting 4b. Od. U ii i .'""' ',U6hel- Uajzi Imports havo been to a fair ï ¿i ,''"''' l""Iccs we" maintained, ranging from 4s. 3 n» , cl°»infr quotatlrav 4s. lOJd. por bushel. I ' 55!? i '1,wer ln Priceit*M$!S; to tho increased snp 1 .?."." Id per bushol being ncsv about the quota- s' .? """". imported, £16 to *£18 ; colonial, £22 ? Sk ". «tatoos, supplied coastwise, havo reached | ,ou m,»'H ; prices rango from £5 to £7 por ton. ', <rr£°i811"0 boen Itt b«t moderato inquiry, 1881 ' 2" ""'"B tl10 most readily saloablo, or which "i, ""° beon made as high as 2s. 8d. por lb. Pro ? ÎÏÏÎ quotations, honovcr, aro :- Kent and Sussox, ruft.2"',',0 2s. 2d. ; 1803, Is. 4d. to Is. Od., duty table' Krowths dull of sale, and scarcely quo lp«ÏÏL1",bcon !n »toady demand, but at present in .lni» î?,r,c<|UeBt' »nd 'or be«t samples 10s. por bushel, cSÍJ.Vs about U"> "'"ni? rato; email lots aro T?i1!iat Ir"°,m 4d- t0 6d' Wlllior. ' annT. îrIllB m°rket has been devoid of anything Waebtag activity. Tho trade aro tho chief Im lnwn, .',*", «»»owing tholr requirements, and unless " STiocks 8' any P»r"eular descriptions, ara not ii fnii»? Purchasers to extont. Quotations are given L- 20 Oi Ti~.Corr,uBa,cl1 s-al»anizcd iron, English make, ¡aiiLr? to^Morowood's, £32 to £34; rod £H- iJif0T' ?BH or uu brand, assorted Invoices, iron ïller. pIate' £" t0 £1* JO'- ! S00'«1» bar \- and S i0 lo",£'° 10"'! boop iron, £14; angle lead »¿ron¿ Í1* ' P'K'rT. £* 17«- Od. to£5; sheot £15*1« V,ihotf »"»orted, £28 to £2Q; fencing wire, tin nut,. I?, zinc' Nos- 0,">d 10« £2010s. to £30; pata t,,.li î J161, cent' »ov»nce ; camp ovons, £10 ; 01\. tL'1 "Percent, on list some m7; r»»;oi>osc<i dutyor Cd. per gallon has in omei°e«urodiecked operations m olfs. Kerosene has fluctuated considerably In prices, and owing to the considerable airlvsls wliicb Lavo como to band, drooteld In prices. Bates, however, bave rallied, and quotations havo again reached 4«. for best brands, without duty. Chino.o Is quoted at 6s., In bond, but very dull, and other soils are equally Influenced by the uncertainty of the'chango. Kerosene, best quali- ties, 3s. lid. to 4b. ; Clilncao, 5s. 3d. to 5s. Gd. ; linseed, 4s. 3d. to 4s. Od. ; colza, 5s. Od. to 5s. 9d. ; castor, 4s. Cd. to 6s. nor gallon ; turpentine, 8s. 3d. to 8s. Cd. par gallon. In bond. Olliieiis Stores (rare been forced off in largo quantities, rcndoilng the market dull anil prices un- settled. Importer»' prloos for best brands aro, how- ever, as under :-Bluo, thumb, 9d. to OJd. per lb. ; curry-powdor, quarts, 12s, Od. to 13s. per dozon; fruits (atsortcil), bottled, 10a. to 10s. 3d. do.; Jams and jellie», lib. tins, 9s. to 10s. do. ; lobsters, lib. tins, Ame- rican, 0s. do. ; inataronl, 8d. per lb. ; vermicelli, white, Naples and Oonoa, 8(1. do. ; roumani in bulk, No. 2, Od. to CJd. do. ; do. in lib. bottles. 11s. to Us. Bd. per dozon ; do. lu Jib. bottles, 7s. fll do. ; oys- ter«, presorved, lib. tins, 8s. to 8s, üd. por dozen ; pickles, pint«, Os. 6d, to 8s. do. ; salad oil, pints, 11b. to 12s. per dozen ; do., half-pints, 0s. 6d. to 7s. do.; salmon, preserved, lib. this, 13s. to 14s. do. ; sardinea, halves, 0s. Od. to Os. Od. do. ; quarters, 5s. (k1, do. ; sauces, assortoil, half- pint«, 0s.do.;do. Wor- cestershire (Lea and Perrins'), 12s. do. ; starch (Col man's), 4}d. per lb. ; vinegar, brown (Champion's 21), 2s. por gallon ; do., concentrated, quarts, 8s. to 0a. per dozen : whito wine, 1b. Od. to Is. Od. per frailan. Blacking, Bry.nt and May's paste, 6s. to 6s. Gd. per gross. Faints and colours romain dull of salo. Best whito lead, 30s, to 32s. ; rcdiead, 25s. to 28s. por owt. ; whito zinc point, 80s. per cwt. Pitch and Tar aro of very limited sale, prices ruling at last quotations, viz., Stockholm tar, 25s. to 28s. ; pitch, 40s. to 42s. per barrel. Powder baa dcclinod In value, and for host blasting sorts, In parcels, from Od. to lud. ¿er lb. la quoted. Quicksilver ia again dull of stile, and not saleable at above 8b. to Sa. 2d. per lb, Ecsii) dull ; quoted from 30s. to 32i. per cwt llico lins been somowlrot inactivo, as, owiog to the prices demanded, tho trade havo bought hut sparingly at about £20 per ton for Patna, duty paid. Sorao speculative) purchases have, however, been reported within the last fewdajs, but tho prices hare not been disclosed. Salt -Tho proposed impost of 20s. per ton on this artlclo has entirely checked operations, and prices aro quito nominal at £3 5s, to £3 10s. for line, and £3 tor coarse per ton, in bond. Spirits,-Brandies aro easier, and by auction to-day havo been placed at much reduced rates. Geneva continues in stcaOy demand, bost brands sustaining quotation». Considerable parcols of tbe latter woro placed during last week, tho prices not, however, transpiring. For rum thoro la barely any inquiry. Old tom and wliiskoy dull, and dimcu't to place, be- yond small trade lots, Importers' píteos aro, how- ever, ns follow» (In bond) :-Martoll'i dark, Ss. per gallon ; Ilonnessy's palo, 7s. Od. to 7s. id. ; Otard's, 7s, 3d. ; United Vinoyard Proprietors' Company's do., 7s. to 7s. 8d. ; Champagne Vinoyard Proprietors' Com- pany's do., 7s. ; Vliicgrowors', 7s. : Legor Freres', tia. to 0s. (id. ; other brands, do., 3s. to 5s. Gd. ; palo, Ucnncssy's, 27s, to 28s. fir dozen case; United Vineyard Proprietors', 203.; Vincgrowers', 23s. ; Champagne Vineyard Proprietors' Company's, 23b. ; Leger "Freres', 20s. to 21s. ; Clouzeau's, 25b. to 20s. Geneva- JDKZ, or key brand, 10s. Ecr caso; do., do., 0s. Od. per half-case; do., other ninds, 8s. to 0s. per case. Oin-London old tom, best brands, 2s. Od. to 3s. per gallon ; do. do., 13s. to 14s. per dozon. Rim-East India, 20 to 30 o.p., Is. Od. to 2s. 3d. per gillon. West India, 10 to 12 o.p., 2s. Od. to 3s. 2d. eo. ; do. do., 20 to 30 o.p., 3b. 3d. AVhlskoy.-Irish, lelian's. 3s. Gd. to 3s. Od. do. ; Scotch, best, 3s. Gd. t> 8s. Del. do.; best broml», 8s. to 10s. per dozon case. Sugnr.-The markot has assumid moro activity ; and tho trade being low in stool, havo had to meet importers' views to somo electro. Tho lost sales elite ted gave the follow lug prices (cuty paid) :-Yellow crystals, £33 15s. to £35 per ten; medium whito crystals, £85 10b. to £S0 5s. di.; whito crystals, £33 Cs. to £3810s. do.; aid ration kinds of Java at from £25 5s. to £20 per ton. ! Tea,-Messrs. Kobcrtson and Co. furnish tho annexed report :-" Buring the earlier portion of the month little or nothing was dono in tho tea markot, tho question of tho alteration in dity provontiiig any business further than for actual requirements. Since, ho« ei cr, tho Ministry have mndo public their tariff, and duties are being co lected under It, a very brisk trade 1ms immediately sprung up, and largo parcols have been placed at quotations. It is generally be- lieved that, if tho Ministry succeed in passing the present tariff, our consumption «-ill bo ma- terially augmented. Vi o notice that a quantity of the vilest rubbish has been sent to this mar- kot, ex Warrior, under tho nsmo of toa, which Is perfectly unsaleable, at least unionist Europeans. In our circular of tho 26tli June, 1881 wo referred to the cargo per Jane, and cautioned mlnpcra against venturing sending such description, al the fovor of an excited market only saved thom from lioavy loss. Broken-loaf Foo-Chow congous havo mt been soaiuch In demand, and aro at present a di uf ¡n tho oxcrket ; and common Canton-make is not Bataille, the quan- tity scut forward this tensón being fir beyond pur re- quirements. Inferior lo good flavOtry have boen in lair demand ; although stocks aro heavy, prices havo been well maintained. Mixed loaf and blackish loaf Kaieoii, at from 1b. 3Jd. to Is. Od., havo found ready buyers, and a large quantity lias beni taken up. The 111,est kinds, although in small stocl, are sufficient for our wonts. The reduction of duly by 3d., however, will bring the latter descriptions noro into demand. There is little Inquiry for Tayshnns ; all descriptions of Bccntcd teas are slow of Bale. Souchongs have beon selling very ¡¡lowly, but at full prbes. Scented orango rekee lias not quite maintained quotations, the Flight addition to our stock having camped prices. Fine greens arc in small request, but anything under Ano is perfectly unsaleable. Hysonsiin, although offered at Od., «innot find a buyer, although at this price It would about nay to ship to London market. Our public sales have liccn-on Oth inst., the damaged portion cf tho cargo oz Astrca, consisting ol 436 packages, wob sold at vory good prices, net cash. On the 11th Inst., poitlon of the cargo ox Bogota was offered, and 300 chests and 80 half-chests congou, w Ith 400 boxea S. 0, pekoo, were sold by the auc< tionecrsjpublicly and privately, at very unevon pricos, Iho ratos in most casrs being very good ; but the flnosl chop in the cargo was sold at least 2d. nor lb. und« Its Milne. On tho 13th inst., damaged portion ol same cargo, consisting of 140 packages, sold in small lotB, at fair prices. On the 16th Inst,, tho residuo ol tho cargoes ex Tallco and Zoo was offered. None ol the latter shipment waa di-posed of, and only one chop of tho former sold under tho htmmor, at 8]d. Afterwards, the balanco of the shlpmiut, 3,724 half chests, was placed privately, at Tato not disclosed, but which we understand was rather under the prlco paid publicly. On the 21th inst., 1.87Í boxes congou, ox JcsbIo Benzloy, woro offered, and 602 sold at Is, Old., and 301 at Is. 4}d, The arrivals haye been-at Mclbourio: On the 2ttli ult., Greyhound, from Foo Chow, vith 23S,5001h. on tbo 0th inst., Dainiowerko, from Foo Chow, wit! 103,OC01b. ; on 11th inst., Jane, foin Hong Kong, with 207,6001b. ; and on 12th inst.,Eshuu, from Foe Chow, with 202,C001b. At Sydnoy : On the 31st ult. Ettrick, from J-oo Clow, with 33-^OOOlb. ; on lot! Inst., George Becker, from Foo Clio», with 351,0001b. on 14th inst., Sabrina, from ?oo Chow, wltl 387,8001b. ; and on 15th inst., Smnklo, from Foe Chow, with 160,0601b. At Adolailo: On 25th ult.. Phillp, from Foo Chow, with 171,0701b. Deliver!» for tho month amount to 877,4371). against 4C7,543lb of samo time last year. Stock In bond in Mel bouri>oia4,2S2,2Ulb.,hgainst 3,22f,8471b. of lost year.' Messrs. Everard and Co. supply Ino following report -"lho steamer Madras nrrivol on tho 18th inst. several doys after her contract tino, with advices fron China to tho 1st Docomber. Other arrivals durins tho month havo included the following, viz. :-A Melbourne-Dec. 26th, Greyhound, from Foo Chow Jan. 7, 1865, Daiincwcrko, from Foochow ; nth Jane,from nong Kong; 12th,Eshun,from Foochow At Syelnej .-December 80, Ettrick, from Foo Chow January 10, 1805, George Bicker, from Foo Chow 14th, Sabrina, do. ; 10th, Sptnklo, do. At Adohtldi -December 24, Phillp, from foo Chow. Rather m r husinois has been clono dirlng tho month, am tho bet'cr kinds of congou >ro gradually hardening wldlc trne-h, of which wo have a largo quantity is mis» lea bio. The chief featuro of tho inontl has been the collection of tho now duty in Hil colony-viz., 3d. per lb., Instead of Wd. But although not dually passid by the Legislature | wo think there can bo no doabt of Its becoming law In tho meantime, a number of merchants havo lud meeting, complaining of tho now tariff Ieaviu; matters in a stato of uncertainty and very liorossln; to business. Wo havo hit llttlo doubt that no.\ | month wo shall bo able to confirm the final pasi big of tho present Inmost of 3d. per pound Wo may state boro that tho Treasurer anticipate the consumption of toa for this colony at 5,200,0001b. if the low duty passes. It is a known'fact tim tho steck of duty-paid tea has not beon s small as at present for years, lur bonded stock therefore show our correct position. Tho followln sales by auction have taken plnco ¡-January G -Th damaged teas, por Astrca, viz., congous, 8d. to Is lOd scented orango pekoo, Is. 8d. to Is. lud. ; scouted capon Is. 8W. Tile congous sold rather unevenly. Januar, lO.-vTho cargo of tho Bogo'-a, only 60 chests of blacl leaf rather strong and brisk congou sold, at Is. SJc January l8.-Tho damaged ponton of the Bogot «old at fair rates, boina lu vory small parcel! January 10.-The cargoes of iho Zoo, from Foo Chow and Tnllce, from Macao, were trlod, but none of th foi mer sold. Ono chop of the Talloo's sold atSJd. Iho remainder aitorwurds privately at lower rata January l8. - Sovcral pírcela of rubbishy congo from Hong Kong, ex Poetóle, Warrior, and Morl Elizabeth, wero tried, but 3d. por lb. was the higlios offer at the salo. Privately, low Tayshans, dust am siftingî, hove been sold ot ejd. to BJd.|; ordinary wit leaf, at la. OJd. ; good ordinary to good oonimo flavour, Is. 3d. to Is. 5£d. ; rather blackish loa Is. £Jd. to 1b. OJdl ; good blackish loaf t flavoury, Is. 61d.,ls. 7}cL Is. 8Jd., and Is. 9d. ; blac leaf, strong and brisk, and pekoo flavoured, Is. 9}d, Is. 10d., and Is. 10Jd. ; (ino, up to tho best importo this eeason. Is. Ild. to 2s. 5Jd. ; good souchonga, ol Import, at is. 7jd. ; «oouted orango pekoo, Is. 8d., li Old., 1». 10d., and 2s. : and a very fine parcel i Foo Chow leaf, at 2i. 8(1. to 2s. Od. ¡ good Cm toi make of gunpowder, 23. Id. ; hysonskln, 4Id. ; loi Canton queens aro a drug on the market, and almas unsaleable at any quotation ; true kinds aro still scare Compared with the prevlom month, thoro is a dcclln on ti ash to low ordinary congou of Id. to ljd. pi lo. ; on ordinary, about ¿d. While all kinds of coi g< u, from good ord'nary with fair lett upwards, a adunco of Id. perlb. may bo quoted. Sconted cape are about lost monii's rates. Bcontol orango peko of common quality aro Id. cheaper ; fine kin Is, 2d. I 3d. dearer. The only lot ot souchongsold has beon a declino of 2d. to 3d," Timber.-Deals havo at length shown a tondon tollards amendment, and aro quotsd at from 4Jd. 4gd. for red 9x3. and 4d. per foot for white. Ti duty on importée! doors, sashes, ko., has unsettled ti prices of those descriptions of good). Tobacco.-Messrs. Nordt, Hoydo, and Co. furn! Hie following report:-"Wo aro not able report any chango for the bettor since our la In this market, and tho news received by ti mall of heavy shipments still coming forwar mostly from America, is mt calculated to li provo it. Transactions, therefore, havo in goner. «I'll [lew exceptions, been limited, and the sal ruado privatoly woro mostly to supply immodia irado wants, which aro most numerous at this scasi ol the year, and for shipment to the neighbour!] colonies. Whatever has been »old at auction ha« real been lacrlflced, and the prices realised aro no criterii for tho cost of the article in tho homo rr arkets. As \ hal o stated beforo wo must repeat now, that, u ¡cfs shippers at homo ccaso to inúndalo thlsjmark with their stocks there is no improvement posslbl and they m 111 haï o to rogrot it seriously Amongit li o arrivals of tho month, wo notice the Contest from New -iork, and severn! »hlpi from British ports Our last adi lees from America describe tie tobacco market there also as vory unsettled, that tho crops had fallon short of the average of former j oars and leaf rising in consequence , and on account of this, payable rates for manufacturo 1 article not being obtainable, most of tbo manufacturing operations, both in the West and in Brooklyn, had been nearly suspended It Is Impossible for us this month to gil o distinct quotations for most closics of tobacco, as they could only bo considero i nominal Tons -Tile demand during tho month has boon mostly lor (Ino Western tens for consumption, how ever, the prices obtained havo not been up to the views of tho Importers Thoro have beon 6alcs at auction, of mostly very low grado?, and as littlo as 7d to 8d has been realised for low scrappy goo Is blocks of medium and low grado goods aro vory licaw, and impossible to move Half pounds havo not boen in great demand, and sales effected were only for country ordoiB and for shipment, and then only the bebt kinds have been inquired for Inferior bulks a o vcrj difficult to move unless at a groit sacrifice î>cgrohead Twist -As thoclioarin* soiion Is now over, tbo little inquiry tltero has hoon for settlers' sur pi) has almost ceased, and only the host and soundest ol bouthorn brands aro taken now by the trade for consumption Thoro liai o beonsovor.il auction sales during the month, and whatovor has been sold has beon forced off at extremely low rates, especially for lots not quite sound liothing doing in Northern and Western made twists Aroma! c-Thoro have been a few additions to our stocks of aromatic tobacco during tho month, but lory little coining In is of Virginia mako, most of it boing mado up ol Missouri and Ken lucky leaf, and rathor difficult to sell Oar American advices stato that the bulk of tho stocks of Uno bright tobacLOOs, both haid and light pressed liad boen with drawn from Iho market, as tho cost of tho nianufac turcd articlo is far in advanco of the prie o obtainable in a depressed market Sheepwash -A i tho season of thojear for tho uso of this article In this colony may be said to bo m cr now, thoro is but a \ cry limited in qulry for it, with tho oxccptlon of some Calcutta leaf, « hich lins been sold for shipment A parcel of 500 tliroo quarter boxes Lorrlllard s sheepwash tobacco, ox Tar Away, from hox York, boxed up, and consisting of the scraps and s« copings of his factory, and which had been sent hero as a ti lal, has been forced off at auc lion at an oxtromoly low figure Nothing, doing in destroy ed plug Cigars -Manilas still keop scarco In tills market, especially No 2 Cheroots Swl«s, Or mond », keep In fcood demand at full rates Schopfor, Schcuror, and Co » aro also beginning to find tholr waj into consumption Havannah? -No chango to report, and quotations unaltered llambro mailo - Slocks not quito os heavy, but difficult to Boll In parcels at remunerativo rato» Vines-Tho market roma!» dull and inactive Stocks are lnrt,e, and buyers with difficulty met with Summer wines arc still in scarcely any request and unimproved in valuo Prices gononlly vary so widely as to prccludo correct quotations MDLBOURNC MáRKCTS Tuesday, Jan 24 the mills f mall parcels of flour for tr«do requlroinont con time in activo demand Quotations are-Fine flour, £22 to £2210s per 2,0001b , bran, la 4d , pollard, lo lOd to 2s per huBhel, oatmeal, £22 per ton RETAIL MARKETS Butchers Meat -Beef, dil to Od per lb , mutton, 3d to 5d do , ical, 7d to 8d do , pork, 6d to Od do -according to quality Poultry -Fowls, 5; to 6s per pair, geese, 10s to Ila do , ducks, Os to 7s do , turkey s, 20s to 28s do , chooso, 8d to lOd per lb , egera, la Od to 2s per dozon, butter, fresh, Od to Is por lb , bread, Od to lid tho 41b loaf, milk, 6d to 7d per quart Good corned beef can bo purchased for ljd to 2d por lb HAY MAItKET Best bay, £6 6s to £0, inforior and second, £3 10s to £ 110s , straw, £2 16s to £3 5s EASIEKN MARKET. Vegetables -Artichokes, Is Od to 2s por dozen, beans, broad, ljd per lb , do , kidney, 3d. per lb , beet, Is per dozon , bouquets, 8s to 12s per dozen, cabbage», Is to Bs por dozen, carrots, Od to Is per dozen bunches, caullflowors, 12s i or dozen cress wator, Is to la Od per dozen bunches, cucumbers, prickly, la to 2s per dozen , do, long Bplno, 3s to fls per dozon, garlic, 3d nor lb , horsoradish, 8s to 5s nerdczen sticks. lavender, Is per dozen bunches, lettuce Is to is Gd por dozon, marjoram, Od per dozen bunches, mint, Od per dozen do , onions, dried, 7s to 10s per cwt , do, greon, 9d to Is per dozen bunches, parsley, Is por dozen do , parsnips, li to Is Gd per dozon do , poas, 3d per lb , potatoes 7s to 8s per cwt , do, kldnoy, 7s per cwt , radishos, Od per dozon bunches, rhubarb, Is to 2s Gd por dozen do , sago, Od per dozen do , thymo, Od por dozen do , turnips, Is 3d to 2s per dozon do , tomatoes, Od. to lOd per lb , icgolable marrows, 2s to 4s por dozen Fruits -Almond», 3d to 4d per lb , apples, Id to 6d per lb , apricots, 6d to 2s Od per dozen , chor rics, 3d to Od per lb , figs, Is to 2s Gd per dozon, mulberries, 5d to Dd per lb , peaches, Gd to 2s Od per dozen , pears, 2d to 4d per lb , plums, 2d to td per lb , strawberries, Is to 2s per lb Dalry Produce -Butter, lOd to la por lb , choeso, Od. to Od per lb , ducks, 5a to Gs per pair, eggs, Is Od to Is Od per dozen, geese, Ss to 10s per pair, bens, 8s 4d to 6s per pair , honey, 7d to Is per lb pork, 5d to 7d per lb , rabbits, 2s to 6s per pair, turkeys, 20s to 28s per pair, hams, lOd to lid per lb, bacon, lOd por lb Messrs J F Clough and Co report as follows - 1 WocI -Wo hold an auction wool salo at our waro houses this day (Tucsdaj), whon 1,086 bales were catalogued of which about 000 were placed ai auction and subsequently Tho prlcos realized woro os follow -for greasy, from Od to 13¡¡d , for scourod, from 16d to 2-ld. and for fleece, from 16Jd to 21d per lb The competition of buyers was, considering the nature of advices recolvcd by the Madras, very animnted,and tho totes at which thowools offered wore placed, aro fully as satisfactory (having regard to the Intelligence thus conveyed from the European mar kets) as thoso which ruled earlier in the month Thore was a fair attendance if bil j er», who still soom In cllned to operate liberally Tallow -We sold mixed tallow at auction to cay, at £20 16a per ton Any lots coming forward command former rates Hldos -Wo have no transactions to roport in this .market Tho amount of business doing Is very small Wo quote from 10s to ISs each for country wot salted hides, in good condition Sheopsklns -Wo havo seid to doy at auction shcepskinsatfromOld to Old per lb Iho following aro detailed particulars of our salo - Greasy -O M, 1 bale, O'd O L A, 2 biles, Ud , do , 2 bags pieces 74(1 , J & Vi Bon, 1 halo, 103d , do , 1 bale, 8Jd , W F Tulloh, 1 hale, 10gd , 1 B, 1 bale, lid , JB conjoined, 8 bales, lid do, 2bales lambs, lOd , do, 1 balo mlxoel, 7d , Bum Bank, 2 bolos, 10 Jil d lb ile rams, 12d , do, 1 hilo lambs, 14d S D, 10 bales, ll]d , do , 1 hilo Iambs, lljd do , 1 bato I leets, 7)d , do , 1 balo locks, 3d , do , 1 bale mlxod, 8d , K r , I bale, lid , H _ W , 10 bales, luid e'o , 1 bale pieces. 0]d , M over M, x bred, 1 bale, 12Jd , do , 1 bag pieces 3jd , Bum bang, 5 bales lambs', 9Jd , MK, Ul balos, lid J S over Brim 17 bales, 10Jd , do, 8 bales lambs, 12Jd , do , 1 bale mixed, lid , Il S , 1 balo lamb., 0)il , D V S , 6 bales, lOd , do , 0 biles lambs', ltljd do , 1 bale mixed, 03d do , 1 hilo mixed, f)d , do I hale locks, 4Jd YALOAK VALL, i balos, llgd , do , 19 bales, lljd , do , J bales pieces, 8Jd , do , 1 bale mixed, 12>d , do , 1 bale black, 12¿d do, I do , EC, 13Jd do , 2 bales \, 12d , do , 1 talo L, 12d , do 4 bales lambs", 13äd do , 1 bile E, 12d , Mhorlooh 21 balos lOgd , do , 2 balos lambs, llad , do, 1 palo pieces, 7Jd , J», 23 bales, 1131 , do, 1 bolo mixed, Dd , do , 3 bales pioces, 7Jd , do, 1 baie locks, 3d SC, IS bales 12d , do, 1 balo lambs, llgd do 2 balos ploeoi, 6Jd S, lu tindo 2 baks, 03" , do, J bags Loitcstor, lljel , K, in dla mond, 1) hales, 100 Green ^ ale In octagon, oior W In cimlo, S bales, lljd , do, 1 bato mlxod, ,r>Jd \ "V , 3 bales, lOJd , do , 1 bolo pieces, 5}d , I' tt , 4 1 ales, lljjd , do , 1 balo and 2 bags lambs' Hid , do , 1 halo skin wool, 9¡¡d Bcoiirod -LG over II, i bales, 28d , II over W S, 1 halo, 22d , do, 1 hilo, lOd B Y, 1 halo 15].d , K, 10 bales, 14J T 4 bales, lOd , 8 In clrc o over MOIRA, 2 balos, 22û T Marshall over B lbale, 17d , T Mirshall, 9balcs,20d , J S Campbell over Mortchup 0 bales, 20d ,D McL, lbale, CJd , Iloicr ODDY, 2 bales, 19d Uoeco - A T, 1 balo, 20Jd , YALOAK VALE, 1 halo, lOJd , do , O bales, lO^d , Bum Bank, 1 hilo, 18Jd , do, 1 bolo pieces 13jd D P S, 3 balos, 18Jd , do , 1 hale pieces, 101(1 , t U, 9 bales 18)d do , 8 Lalos lambs , 17Jd , H Jones ERIN Vale, 20 halo-, 17Jd , do , I hie, 18'd lo, 1 bali), OJd , T D, 21 hiles, 17Jd do , J bale« pieco , lOjd , do , 2 balea locks, 7Jd JS oi cr Brim, li hales 18}il , do , 1 bale mixed, 12]d do , 3 bales pieces, lOd , do , 1 bale locks, Od , L ¿ W oicrMAKBAlt d7 ImIoi, 103d , E B, 1 balo mlxod, 16) d , d", 1 bolo mixed 8Jd , D PS, 1 balo mlxod, lid , J 8 ourBrm, 3 bales, lid ' LIVE STOCK Messrs Daimahoi Cammeh. and Co roport as follows -'Tat Cattle-1,200head to hand, 160 of which were stores, and owing to tho full markot, prices aro not quite so good as last woek-say, absut 10s per head lower. Wo quoto host pens bullocks »t from £7 10s to £8 10s , Bocond do , from £510s io £0 10s , Inforior do , from £4 10s to £6 10s Best pens con s from £0 to £0 12s Gd , second do , from £116s to £510s , Inforior do , from £3 upwards W o baie sold 106 lor Messrs Wost Brothers, from the Lachlan, at from £0 6s to £10 for bullocks, averoglne £7 4b Od , and cow s from £4 6s to £8, averaging £5 8s Od And 145 head from tho westward, al from £5 17s Od to £8 Ss for bullocks, averagint £0 7s Cd , and cows, from £412s Od. to £7 2s (Id , aver aging £5 Also sel eral small lots at above quotations Fat Sheep-About 8,200 carno forward Nothng primo offered, and prices ruled slightly undor last week's Vi e quoto best quality at from tis Od to 12s fd , Bccond quality do , from 10s to Ila , interior do from Of to 0s Od , very inforior do , from fls Od te 7b Wo havo sold 1,180 second quality wethers fron the Billybong, and 000 vory inforior, at aboyo ratos Lanibs-About 1,000 caine fir wurt!, which realize! very satisfactory prices Wo havo sold for Mr Kottli 260 at from 10s to 16s , forty ono forlMessrs Ritchl Brothers nt from 14s to 16s , and slxtj flvo at Iron 7s 8d to 7s Od Store Stock-Tho demand continuo about tho samo os formerly, and good lots of cattl meet a ready solo at satlsfactor} prices Young shoe oro held for hlfch ratts, notwithstanding tho drynoss c tho season Mo have sold 1,200 weaners, dolivorod a Keilor, near Melbourno, at 0s. Od " LABOUR MARKET There Is a fair Inquiry for married couples, chtofl for tho moro distant country districts Farming mer station haniB, shepherds, and country labourers gone roll.y aro to readily procured In the districts whor their services aro required as to cause but trlllln inquiry In Melbourne Male domestics aro also In be little request, a few men cooks, waitors, groomi gardeners, (Vc, being tho extent of the inquiry Te thoroughly competent female serrants the demon continues bruk, but is Milli difficulty supplied Your women unused to household work are also moro ii quired for, but the high wage« required lu many ii stances prevent tbolr obtaining situations. geaincn continue in ample supply, at tho unaltoro late of £4 pernitntb. wotos 