WMDNESDAT, MARCH 15, 1865. In the Legislativo Council yesterday, Mr.HERA'EY stated (in reply to Mr. Murphy), that the GoA'ernment did not intend to take any further action in reference to the Urqu hait unpaid cheques. Mr. Sladen obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend the Cemeteries Act ; and the measure was subsequently brought in, and read a first time. On the motion of Mr. Strachan, the House ordered a return showing how the unavailable balance of tho immigration fund for 1863 and 28Gd had been appropriated. The House then proceeded to consider the message of the Legislative Assembly, ex- plaining the treatmont which tho Council's amendments in the Land Bill had received at the hands of the Lower House. It Avas agreed that tho House should adhere to the amendments ia Clauses 21 and 31, pio viding that lands may be sold by auction one year (instead of three yeari) after they have been open for selection ; in Clause 23, re- lating to the enclosure of laud ; ia OlauBe 36, repealing the 47th or Novel Iadustries clause of tho Act of 1802; and in Clause 43, pro vióiug that in cases where commons are no longer required for public purposes, the land Ehall revert to the former occupier, at a fair rental. The amendment made by the Assembly, Avith a view to the omission from now Clause L of the proviso, that no member of a toad board or shire council should be apaoiated a commons manager, was disagreed with. The other amendments were adopted. The House adjourned at twenty minutes to seAeu o'clock until four p.m. to day. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. HiciiMiOTHAM presented a message from the Governor, recommending the introduction of bills to amend the laws relating to the Post-office, Lunacy, Abattoirs, the Sale of Liquor?, and Insolvency. The bon. gentle- man gave notice that he would to day move that the House resolve itself into committee to consider the messages. Mr. M'Cullooii intimated that to-day he would move for leave lo introduce a bill to amend the Chinese Immigration Statute 1864. Mr. Sollia'an gave notice of his intention to move to-day for leave to bring in a bill to remove doubts as to the validity of certain minite bye-laws. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAM, in pursuance of the re- solution passed in committee on the 1st December, brought up a bill to consolidate tho laws relating to the Constitution, and moved that it bo read a first time. The hon. and learned gentleman notified that on a future day he would move that the measure be referred to a select committee. The bill was read a first time. In reply to Mr. Harker, Mr. Verdon stated that ho was now pre- pared to make advances to charitable institu- tions to one-third of the amount ¡of the grant of last ytur. Mr. M'Canx called attention to a gro38 breach of the privileges of the House com- mitted on himself. Oa Thursday evening, he went into the Parliamentary Bmoking-room, and was informed by Mr. Howard that he need not take tho pains to show why ho was going to voter with tha Go- | vernmeitt on the question that oveuing before the House, beciuse ho wj3 cain ptlled to vote with them. Grosser Insults followed, and ultimately a most unprovoked HBsault waa committed upon him. He would not cuter into detail«, but ho would ask Mr. Crews and Mr. O'Grady, who were present at the* time, to state what they knew of the matter, and he would then throw himself on the House for the protection which ought to be accoided to every hon. member. Mr. Chews said ho was in the refreshment loom with other hou. members when Mr. M'Cann entered. Ho understood Mr. Howard to acenso Mr. M'Cann of being connected with the Keform League. Mr. M'Caun repudiated the assertion. Mr. Howard than insinuated something. Mr. M'Oann asked for au expla- nation, and this Mr. Howard refused. Mr. M'Cann then stated that any gentleman who insinuated anything agaiust another, and was not prepared to give an explanation, acted cowardly. Mr. Howard asked, " Do you apply that to me ?" Mr. M'Oann intimated that he did. The assault then took place. Mr. O'Ghady asked whether it had not been ruled on a previous occasion that any- thing which occurred outsido the four walls of the chamber could not be regarded as a breach of the privileges of the House? Tbe Speaker said it was a breach of pri- vilege if connected with anything said or done in the House. Mr. O'Gradv observed that a portion of Mr. M'Cnnn's statement was not in strict accord uncewiththofacti!. On the occasion inqueation, some half-dozen hon. members were engaged in a jocular conA-ersation in tho refreshment room. Mr. M'Caun entered and took part in the conversation. Mr. Howard said something about the Reform League. Mr. M'Oann ob- served that he did not believe in the principle of the League, and did not subscriba to its programme. Mr. Howard replied-" Sub- scribe, oh ! it's quite the other way." Mr. M'Cann demanded an explanation, stating that a mau who insinuated what he dare not assert was a coward. Mr. Howard asked, "Do j ou mean to apply that to mo personally ?" The reply was-" Take it which way you like ;*' whereupon Mr. Howard sprang towards Mr M'Cann, Avho was standing at his (Mr. O'GiadjV) back. He did not see any psr sonal chastisement whatever inflicted, but ho heaid Mr. Howard say-"Now you may con- sider your nose well pulled." In conclusion, he begged to express his tegret that so small a matter should have been brought before the House. Mr. M'Cullooh also regretted that such a matter should occupy the attention of hon. mtmbeis. It was caícnlatad, he said, to affect the dignity of the House. At the same time, he considered that if tho treatment which Mr. M'Oann received arose from any- thing he said or did in the House, it was a direct interference with the liberties of bon. members. Mr. Snodgrass, who witnessed the fracas, rernaiked that the conversation Avas entirely jocular, and that the question of voting was not raised In any way. He considered that Mr. Howard acted with great forbearauce. Mr. Hoavaud denied that he spoke to Mr. M'Cann first. He also stated that ho Avarned Mr. M'Cann that he should regard as personal a repetition of the offensive expression which that hon. member used. The expression was repeated, and then he took Mr. M'Oana's pro bcEcis between his fingers as gently as a nurse would handle a newly-born child, and told him that he was to consider his nose well pulled. After Temarles from Mr. M'Oulloch, Mr_ Macpherson, Mr. Berry, Mr. Higinbotham, Mr. Gillies, and Mr. Cohen, Mr. Harker proposed that the House pro- ceed to the next business on thu paper. The motion was agreed to. On the motion of Mr. Casey, tho House oidtred the production of a return of the number of cases adjudicated by each police magistiate duiing 1864; and copies of all ccriespondence relating to the supply of a steam A*esscl for survey purposes. The House then Avent into Committee of Supply, when the votes on the Second and Third Suppltmentary Estimates for 186i were agreed to. The report on the Hospital« L'aw Consoli- dation Bill Avas considered and adopted, and the measure was read a third time. The debnte on the motion for the second reading of the Mercantile Instruments and Securities Bill Avas resumed, The speakers were Mr. Levi, Mr, Michie, Mr. Kyte, Mt. "Vale, Mr. M'Oulloch, Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. Higinbotham, and Mr. Cohen. On a divitioD, the second reading avos car lied by twenty-six to twelve. The bill Avas then passed through, com- mittee. The House adjourned at ten minutes to twelve o'clcck. " We aro to relinquish the controlling check of the Upper House ; we are to constitute ono over-ruling, privileged, "democratic body, and to trnst it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unseen. ,No, nevor will such a tyranny be borne 1"-Air li. Peel's Speech at the Qlaigow Banquet, January 13, 1837. There is always, and wo presume there always will be, a wearisome same- ness in the performances upon the pro- tectionist hurdy-gurdy. Variety has in- deed been sought by a change in the per- formers, in the time, and in the place. On one day the performance comes off in St. George's-ball,andMr. Ambrose Kyte, the (/ennis loci, exhibits his brotherly affection for the working-men, and, Avith his hand upon his heart, reminds them that from their class he sprang, and with their interests he is, has been, and ever will be identified. The audience at St. George's-hall was gratified with a change of the dissonant scream of Mr. Graham Berry for the truculent howl of Mr. Charles Jardine Don. After a tempo- rary absence from public life, Mr. Don appears upon the political stage to show that the working man's "old friend," as Mr. Kyte called him, is really un- changed, whatever suspicions may have been entertained to the contrary. If any have been rash enough to conclude that he had been dispossessed of his old spirit since he had been "called to the "bar," and that he would, when the oc- casion came, manifest that he had care- fully cultivated the amenities of his new profession, they were shown their mis- take on Friday evening last. Instead, however, of proposing to drive the squatters across the Murray with their own stockwhips, he now threatens to drive the soft-goods men, "whose brains "are softer than their goods," into Hob- son's Bay ! It will be apparent to all his friends that Mr. Don's former in- stincts are still strong within him, and that they may always reckon upon him as prepared to do his part when the oc- casion may arrive. The change in the rule on Monday night at Collingwood consisted in the substitution of the mayor of the bo- rough for Mr. Ambrose Kyte as chair- man, and in bringing into close prox imity both of the Collingwood lumina- ries, DON and BERRY—Castor and POL- LUX appearing in loving embrace. Our Protectionist friends must be suffering from the embarras du richesses when they can afford to exhibit together in united effulgence on the same night two stars of the first magnitude. We cannot stop to notice the performers of inferior note, such as Mr. Cope, tho choice of the electors of the East Bourke Boroughs, upon the one occasion, and Mr. Thomas Embling, the modest and the discreet, who was not the choice of Collingwood, upon the litter occasion. It may suffice to say that in number, in wit, and in eloquence, the performers were worthy of the cause which they ad- vocated. But with all the variety which may be given to the performance, by changing sometimes the name3 and sometimes the order of succession of the performers, the Protectionist hurdy gurdy always emits the same dismal squeal-a squeal which we have come to regard as inevitable. Every one who attends these perform- ances goes prepared to hear the appeal to the working man whether ho is not the down-trodden serf; whether the wealthy man, be he a squatter or a soft goods man-Mr. Kyte must always be excepted-is not his enemy and op- pressor. The working man is conjured to say whether there is or can be any other cause for the disparity of circum- stances between himself and the rich man than the possession of opportunities by the latter which have always been denied to himself. The working man being . thus appealed to by those who style themselves his friends-his modesty being fairly overcome and his reason carried captive by the Don c!M?i-Berry eloquence-at last admits that he is an injured person, and ' the stentorian shouts and uproarious plaudits of five or six hundred of these working-men, with the per- suasion and oratory aforesaid, consti- tute the staple of a Protectionist meet- ing. Any attempt to define what is wealth, to show whence it arises, and what are the laws which regulate its dis- tribution, are as foreign to the object and as far bej ond the ability of the de- magogues who trade upon the credulity of the working-men, as the demonstra- tion of the laws which regulate the planetary motions. One of the speakers at the Colling- wood meeting desired to know how it was that in a country in which gold was produced, they saw so little of it, and gravely informed his audience that they would have seen more of it had they re- mained in England. " Heknew that they " all felt that this was the case, and that " they were convinced there was some " thing rotten in the state of affairs " when a gold-producing country was in " a state of depression." To attempt to deal with such nonsense would be as rational as to try to scatter a cloud of dust by the discharge of an Arm- strong gun. But it really passes our comprehension that SOO or COO men can be found to listen to such trash even in the " purloins " of Collingwood. These, however, are the " monster meet '.' ings " which have been held to secure the passing of the tariff, and to up- hold the M'Cullock Ministry in its attempt to foster native industry. The Free-trade League has its work to do, not in refuting the arguments of Protectionists, but in removing the stolid ignorance which can be imposed upon by the quackery of men who, if not equally ignorant with their dupes, must be de- signing impostors. Among the latter class we do not reckon Mr. Ambrose Kyte. What, however, are we to think of the ignorance or of the reçklesisnes of asseition with which he is chargeable, when, to illustrate the want of sympathy with the workingman which the soft- goods men have shown, he declared that at the commencement of the American war they combined to raise the price of moleskin trousers from ia. Gd. to 9s. Gd. per pair ? As a correspondent remarks, " Cotton " goods of all descriptions went up on " the declaration of the American war, " and continued to go up to a certain " point, not by any concert of merchants " or warehousemen, but gradually, and " agreeably to the value in the home " market. The number of importers " of moleskin trousers is Legion. How, " then, could any man, a member of " Parliament, speaking with the order, " gravity, and responsibility of a chair " man, deliberately commit himself to " such a foolish and wicked assertion ?" If Mr. Kyte can permit himself to hazard such a statement, we need not wonder at the folly, rancour, and malice which were uttered by others. While, however, we do not wonder, we deplore that any should be found capable of re- sorting to such methods to promote the object they desire to gain. We are no advocates of public meet- ings for the discussion of political ques- tions, although they may have their use in diffusing information. It is seldom that more than one side can obtain a hearing, and, viewed as demonstrations, they usually amount to very little. But of meetings of this class, those which have recently been held in support of the Protectionist policy have been con- temptible, taken as au expression of public opinion, and disgraceful for the ignorance, prejudice, and ill-will dis- played by their promoters. What between theology and diplo- macy, the European mind can scarcely be considered to have attained that happy requiem which tho intelligence brought by the last mail seemed to pro- mise. Wo were told that a general re- action against the military tendencies of the last decade had taken place, and that nothing but universal economy and general disarmament could satisfy the aspirations of princes and peoples. To a certain extent the prospect seems to be in process of verification. A careful examination of. the French Budget has probably reminded the ruler of the destinies of France that the Empire is peace, and that peace is, on the whole, a less expensive luxury than war ; while Russin, deprived of the only ostensible motive of remaining armed, has inaugu- rated her new conquest of Poland with a reduced Estimates. Italy, related by such intimato bonds to both Franco and Russia, follows suit, convinced probably that the expectation of taking Venetia by force of arms is really chimerical, and that if she wants to keep Austria in sus- pense, she can do it as well Avith 100,000 men as Avith double the number." To recognise lier present provisional situa- tion, and bo content Avith the uti possi detis, may be good policy, and at any rate it does not compromise future action. Opposed to the pacific attitude of the three revolutionary powers in the Eu- ropean system, stands out in curious con- trast the belligerent position assumed by what Ave used to consider the conser- vative elements of Europe. And, indeed, in this respect tho characteristics of the great poAvers arc singularly reversed. Not long since Russia and Franco were nothing if they Avcro not aggressive. Now they have taken a recumbent pos- ture, and bequeathed their rule to the pacific governments of Austria and Prussia. Austria and Prussia meantime have themselves changed places. Under theguidance of Prince Schayartzenburg, Austria was the provocative poAver. Noav it is the Prussian Bismark who plays lils part, and meditates military organizations, AA'ithout regard to the cost. And whilst the spirit of discord is being fanned and kindled by German ambition, a firebrand is cast upon Europe from another quarter. From the Vatican comes the tocsin of religious Avar to swell the din of the secular quarrel. Pío Nono appears to have his troubles, like oth er men. First of all a conclave of phy- sicians advise bim to take to billiards to Avard off apoplexy, and now a conclave of cardinals is assembled for the special purpose of recommending him a course in the rather vulgar virtues of prudence and reserve. Not that the exercise has been attended with very profitable results to the patient. The complications that threaten to reward the latest exertions of pontifical zeal will probably teach a moro impressive lesson than the whole College of Cardinals, and if Bull-ing Europe in the nineteenth century is demonstrated to bo an anachronism, it Avili be probably due nob so much to the advice of his pious compeers, as to the profaner inspiration of the Tuileries. The world has sadly fallen off in both religious and classical enthusiasm since Innocent taught orthodoxy to the Albigenses, or Alexander tried to convince Savonarola ; and if it is disposed to take the fulminative super- latives of the Vatican in peace and quietness, it is probably because the Pope has the advantage of the world in uttering his curses in a dead language. It may hear the bark, but as long as the teeth are drawn, its sensibility will not be much disturbed. The position of Protestantism in relation to the Papal anathema is peculiarly in- teresting. According to the tele- gram, the successor of St. Peter no longer pronounces that Protestants should be burned in this world, but, by way of modifying his charity for the heretics, consents that they should be eternally damned in the next. Nothing is said in the decree about the penalty that awaits the disciples of Strauss aud Renan ; but perhaps the silence is to be interpreted as a graceful concession to the difficulty of the subject. The bishops are recommended to confute the followers of Luther; it might compromise their dignity to have to settle tho perplexities of au intelligent Zulu. But to return to the material interests of humanity. The item of immediate in- terest to Englishmen is the relation of England to America. Canada, as far as American aggressiveness is concerned, has ahvays been the vulnerable point in the Imperial system. It would be im- possible to discuss the scattered hints Conveyed to us by the telegraph, but leaving the entire question for future treatment, Ave can recall enough of the latest utterances from Washington to be able to forecast the drift ot the intelli- gence that awaits us. It will be re- membered that President Lincoln, in his message to Congress, gave notice that the limitation of naval force on tho great lakes of Canada, Avhich has lasted since the Treaty of Ghent, is to be dis- continued after six months ; and he re- commended that Congress should re- consider the continuance or abolition of the rights of trade and transit pro- vided for by the 'Reciprocity Treaty of 1854\. ' If Ave collate this with the cur- rent rumour, it is not easy to avoid a consciousness of ulterior meaning. If war is meant, it Avould not be a diffi- cult task for Yankee inventiveness to find reasons Avhy war should be declared. Pretexts would be found somewhere or other, and if they could not, it would not be the first time in history that one nation declared war on another, on the Lucius O'Trigger maxim, without one. The reference to Confederate inroads from Canada exactly illustrates the pre- disposition to dispense with the for- mality of a just grievance. Such injury as has been done by the i aid of Canada is too insignificant to warrant international jealousy, much less the blockade of international waters by hostile flotillas, and we must look elscAvhere for justification of the conduct of President Lincoln. Possibly we may find some clue to it in the announcement that he is making preparations to treat for peace with his Southern enemies. It would be madness to provoke a new foe in one quarter before he had got rid of the old one in an opposite direction, What more reasonable than that he should j adapt his policy to his temper, and satisfy both at the same time, by making termsljwith the old one, that he may be able to deal with the new. It would help to preserve the prestige of the North, if it could intro- duce the argument of foreign aggression, pressure from without, as a reason why it should make concessions to the South. Under any circumstances, the omen3 cannot be disregarded, and, looking at the tout-ensemble of her demeanour towards England, from first to last, the results of the investigation are not reassuring. Not to introduce statistics prematurely, it must be remembered that the Federal navy is not" to be despised. No branch of the Executive has been administered AA*ith more success. Since March, l8 G1, there have been built 141 steamers and G2 ironclads, and at this moment the fleet comprises G71 ships of 500,000 tons, and carrying 4,G00 guns. Of the I army, we need scarcely take the mea- sure. In case of war, the struggle would necessarily be decided by the other service. Wo could not defend the endless frontier of the Canadas, but wo could shell New York. In the mean- time, it may be useful to recollect, that an American man-of-war is not very far off, which, in spite of Mr. Frvncis, might perform the same polite oifieo for Melbourne. The Ali sandra, with the South Australian portion of Iho English January mail, roaohed Glenelg ycsteiday aftornoon, having made a good passage of ninety-nine hours from King Gtorge's Sound. The usnal telegraphic suminary of the neivs, from our own correspondent, will he found in another column. The detention of the mill waB again caused by the Mooltnn, which lost three days on the passage from Suez to Gallo. The Bombay would not leave the Sound till the mornii'g of the 11th instant ; and is not likely, therefore, to reach Hobson's Bay before (o-morrow morning. The Legislative Council salrfor two hours and a half yesterday. The greater portion of the sitting was devoted to the consideration of the action taken by the Lower House with regard io the amendments made by the Council in the Land Bill. It was agreed to insist upon some four or five of tho amend mtntf, h.oludiug that which allows of the fa'o by auclion of land after It has been twelve months open for selection, and to abandon the other alterations to which the Legislative Assembly disagreed. The second and third Supplementary Esti- mates for 1864, amounting to upwards of JE85,000, were voted by the Legislative Assem- bly in Committee of Supply, last evening. Among the votes was one of £3,000 as a gratuity to tho widow and familj of the late Mr. Blchard Heales. This evening, the hon. the Treasurer will move tho Estimates for 18G5, commencing with thoso reUtlng to public works. In the course of a discussion on the Esti- mates in the Legislative Assembly last even- ing, Mr. Verdon stated, In reply to Mr. Harker, that no arrangement had yet been made with respect to the Murray customs, though a member of the Victorian Govern- ment had been in communication with a member of the Now South Wales Government, not officially, but in such a way as warranted tho hope that some official negotiations would, shortly take place, which, in all probability, would lead to a satisfactory solution of tho question. Tho second reading of Mr. Levi's Mercantile Instruments and Securities Bill was carried last evening in the Legislative Assembly, in the ttctb. of the Government, by twenty-six to tweho. The measure subsequently passed through committee. The Gazette of yesterday contains sailing directions for Wallaroo and Tipara Bays. A lightship, we notice, has been placed in Wal- laroo Bay. It is gazetted that Mr. G. J?. Barnes, of Craigie; Mr. E. G. Figg, of Williamstown; Mr. W. Longford, South Yarra; and Mr. Wil- liam Loftus, of Melboumo, are legally qualified medical practitioners. Certificates have been granted to Mr. Henry Inverarl ty, of Digby, ond Mr. R. 0. MorrlsoD, of Bairnsdalo, Gipps Land, in accordance with tho act. A meeting of tho shareholders of the Emo rald-hill, Sandridge, and St. Kilda Mutual Be- nefit Building and Investment Society was held at the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald hill, on Friday evening last, Mr. John White- man, mayor of the borough, in the chair, when the following gentlemen were duly elected officers of the society :-Trustees. Mr. Henry Creswick, M.L.A. ; Mr. John Whiteman, mayor of the borough; and Mr. Goolman, of the Sandridge Sugar Works. President.-Mr. Andrew Lyell. Treasurer. Mr. Jofoph Stead. Committee.-Messrs. W. M'Cutcheon, W. Fj fe, W. Tope, T. Noble, W. Whyte, J. Tribe, J. Smith, J. Stewart, J. M'ilugb, A. Dewar, J. Greig, and B. Swan. Secretary.-Mr. John Lord. The chairman pointed to the excellent prospects of tha society, nearly COO shares having already been taken up. The acting treasurer of tho Holbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society begs to acknow- ledge the receipt of £2-5 from the Borough. Council of Fitzroy ; and also, per tbo Rev. II. Handfield, £20 2s" collections at St. Peter's' Church. Tho Head-qunrlers B*nd will perform thii aftornoon, from four to six o'clock, at the south gate, St. Kilda Paris. Tho following is the programme ;-Overture, "Son and Stranger," Mendelssohn ; quadrille, " Ope ratio," Vbss; selection from "II Trovatora " Verdi; overture, " Sfcabat Mater," Rossini; waltz, Lanner ; selection from " Bohemian Girl," Balfe ; quick march, Wallace. Tho first anniversary of tho Melbourne Presbyterian Young Men's Association was celebrated last evening by a soirée, held at St. George's-hall. About 300 persons at- tended ; and Mr. James Balfour, president of the association, took the choir. Tea having been disposed of, the chairman delivered a short address, after which the report and balance-sheet were read to the meeting. From these documents, it appeared that when started at the commencement of the post year, the society numbered thirty-two persons, whereas at tho present time its numbers had Increased to 103. Although the expenses for tho past year had been large, they had been defrayed by the receipts, and a small b^Unce remained in the hands of thetreasmer. Commodious pre- mises had been taken in Spring-street, and fitted np as libraiy, reading-rooms, class- rooms, &c.; Tho report having been adopted, addresses were delivered by the Revs, J. Nish, D. Macdonald, A. J. Cimpbjll, A. Robertson, and J. W. Inglis and other gentle- men ; a number of anthems sang by tho choir being interspersed. In the coarse of the evening, a farewell address to tho Rev. Dr. Cairns was read by tho secretary, ex pressivo of the regret entertained by the society on account of his approaching de- parture from the colony, and acknowledging tho assistance and encouragement which he had rendered to the association. The address was suitably responded to by Dr. Cairns, and the kind wishes of the society feelingly acknowledged. A largo number of ministers and members of the Wesloyau Methodist Church assembled at the Wesley Church, Lonsdalc-street, to bid farewell to the Rev. J). J. Draper, on the ove of his departure to England to-day, by tho Great Britain, upon a twelvemonth's leave of absence. Tho chair was taken .hy the Hoa A. Fraser ; and a large number Of 'gen ¿'¿men, -amongst whom were tho Revs, J. Engleston, ' J. Harcourt, J. Dare, F. E. StephenBon.W. Li Blamires, J. O. MllliorJ, J. W. Crisp, - Hill, ' .' \- Mowton, - Waugh, - James, aud Messrs. Cutts, Callaghan, J. J. Harcourt, Whiting, and H. C. Fraser-occupied tho platform. The meeting having been opened in the UBual man- ner, the chairman in a fow remarks expressed tho sense entertained by the church, of the ability and earnestness with which Mr. Draper had for thirty years laboured in this and the neighbouring colonies, and stated that with sentiments of pleasure proportionato to the regret which they now felt at his departure, would his friends reassemble on his return to welcome bim again amongst thom. A. beau- tifully illuminated and numerously Bigned. address was then presented to Mr. Draper by Dr. Cutts, on behalf of the inflating. This document, in bearing testimony to tho value of tho services rcndeied by Mr. Draper to the Methodist Church in these colonies, nun tloned that his appointmont to Melbourne oceuiiod fit a period of moro than ordinary difficulty and responsibility, Just when the «cent discovery of gold had producad a Uug< iufli:> <>f populition, aud a generally unset 'ni <om :tfon of the colony. At chair- man >f tho di 'riot, and assisted by tho ser- vi« , of Iii'' bruttiion, ho had been instru- ment I in building up the Methodist Church, and ( ? '»Clag K4 Influença in no ordinary degree ; tun! it was remarked that his minis- tration a-" ?» pastor and teacher had been highly ? !'cf")' * °"e> M a Christian and a gentlemat . his cxamplo had .been influential for good, jf Ws gratifying to know that his »tence wr.s to bo bnt temporary, and the earnest pi ajen of the church were oxpressed oat he ond Mrs. Drapor might meet Tiitli a Baie 3nd pleasant voyage. Mr. Draper, in a very feeling and impressive manner, acknoAvledged the kindness ex- pressed in the address, and that Avhich had leen testified towards bim in the course of the meeting, and referred to the pleasure with which, on tho termination of his ab- sence, he should revisit «hat bad become to him his home. Several gentlemen then ad- dressed tho meeting, which terminated at an early hour. AVe Lave received a very finn specimen of tobacco grown on the farm of Mr. Polite, at Dandenong. The application of Beckx's jihosphafic guano hal caused tho leavej to attain an unusual size and luxuriance. Messrs. Degraves and Co. have set an ex- ample worthy of all praise in connexion with the Into bush-fires, as appears from the fol- lowing advertisement in the local papera: " Notice.-Those farmers who have lost so Ebvertly by the lato fires being indebted to tjf, aro requested to call and obtain recoipted accounts. \V. Degraves and Co., Oampaspa anil Montpellier Mills, March 10,1803." At Kirk'sBazinr (Mr.G. Watson's) there was alarge number of blood horses offered for sale under the hammer yesterday. The sire War tarck waB knocked down to Mr. Kirk at £5C0. Mr. M'Hume's Touchstone yearlings, from Phillip Island, realised only moderate prices, as follows ¡-Gladstone, OAvn brother I to Impudence and Modesty, brought £45; Chieftain, JE20; Gay Mannering, £28; Aggra rator, £23; and Touch-me-Not, £13. The five-year old maro If was sold for £100, and tbesli-year-old horse Saturn for £170. Glen- laine, four years, was knocked down at £31 ; and the hack Simpson for £30. Tho hurdle ncer Grimaldi, five years, was sold for £55 ; and the three-year-old filly Grasshopper for ill. The sale of the Caulfiold hoises was postponed until after the Adelaide Races. Mr, Purves's yearlings from Tootgarook wera tot offered, but aro open for sale by private contract. The Barwon Park colts, six in number, all by Boiardo, will bo sold about the middle of April. The office heaters of the Royal Society of Victoria for the ensuing year are asunder: President-tlio Rev. Dr. Bleasdale; vice fiiEldents-Messrs. It. L. J. Ellery and C. \V. ligBr.-sccietary-Mr. T. E. Rawlinson; trea mrer, Mr. A. K. Smith ; librarian, Mr. J. .T. Stutzer; etistos of collections-Air. \V. IT. Wer; council-Professor M'Coy, and te;, E. Barker, \V. Gillbee, T. Reid, J. Bcslsfo, T. II. Rawlings, and G. Lewis. Application was mado to the Chief Säcre tojyesterday, by a deputation from Geelong, tis grant of £1,000 in aid of the Botanical ISuifDs of that town. Mr. M'Oulloch at once laltded the deputation that the Legislature allait session resolved to withdraw all pul of this sort, and pointed out that no aaptton could bo made in the case of Morg In reply to this, it was urged that B» the establishment of the reserve in «Hon £15,000 had been spent, on the faith drawing a grant from the state, and that lite grant wero withdrawn the gardens Kit 1» raflVred to go to ruin. Mr. M'Cul i(h tijoinrd that £1,000 per annum was a te sum to bo expended on gardens only nils acres in extent ; and repeated his Miment that, in tho faca of the decision of li Legislature, the Government could not '.Were. The deputation, which was accom »M by Mr. Sladen, M L.C. ; Mr. Lowe, ÜiC; Mr. Brown.'.ML.A. ; Mr. Canning ta, M.L.A.; and Mr. Richardson, M.L.A., UMrew, after Mr. M'Oulloch had promised iking the matter under the notice of his iigues. At Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court for the present month commence this morning. The calendar, although short, con tains the names of three prisoners who are to be tried on capital charges, viz. :-John %, for the wilful murder of a child at [wild-hill ; and Henry Leggett and John Wiitin, for capital assaults on females. »understood that the cases against tho Hjckrged with illegally enlisting onboard Bsienaudoah will be those first proceeded 9fc Candler held an iuquest yesterday, at Biarra Beud Asylum, upon the body of W bwyer, a patient, aged twenty-two So, uto was admitted in Dacembsr, 1851. Baled on the 10th inst. In accordance H the médirai evidonce, the jury found Hlfath was the result of tubercular con jPimqucst was held yesterday by tho city H w upon the body of Mary Mills Finliy, B'hts for many years b3en carrying on ?JM as n milliner in Oollins-Btreet. The ?to« showed that, on Saturday, the 25th ? the deceased accidentally fell down Virad sustained a fracture of the leg, for B^1 Ehe had been since attended by Mr. »». Sho was progressing very favourably ?»Août seven o'clock on Monday mora ?v'cn sim was taken in a ût, and died ?«her medical attendant could be called ? ^ Gillbep, from his postmortem, exami ?'.of the body, assigned congestive apo ?Twtho cause of death, and the jury ?M» verdict accordingly. .?Hllowinr/, illustrative of the chances of ?J111 life, has been sent to us:-"Two ?'"»ero working together on a reef atOne ?.Ml, Caledonia Diggings, and after slnk ?J'ïhaftof 180ft., and driving fifty more, ?l'ä'e compelled, after two years' hard '?*. to roUrninish tholr undertaking for ?'ifincii. The Tecf, after lying idle ?ï'ids of (oui years, was taken np by a m'<fit»a";erp; who, after working for ?*-i£\e*(, ¡ib, (truck Fome very rich stone. Ä'"18 l\\\<' ben crushed at Mr. Sibel W'^UWib gave the handsome return 1 ?nfa0'"1'-'88- The gold was sold in ?L*1.' Collinj'wood Police Court, yester ? Wttetlm lion J. P. Fawkner, chair ? lr'l Mt, [e. Templeton, P.M., Miles, «*. »ml Gi,, n«ood), Thomas Scott was ?; *ilb a violent assault on John ?¿and remanded to Fitzroy Court on ? * Syduey John Oakes, charged with ? '»gil'i 'lia moneys of his employer, K r'ÍD^' of Northcote, was remanded m'':'Uc0fge Moore was fined 5s. for Anil n iV'ng °D a PUblic r0ad' A CM8 ?V1' Boah v. Kinsella, arising out of ? 8 of o. cow from a pound, was dis Weedings at the St. Kilda Court of ??81ons yesterday were of a common M^Wcter, In the ewe M'Cawlty v. ?J' R simmons to show cause why (?'Boney for an impounded cow should Botho poid to tho complainant, the Bench awaided Gi., the amount claimed, and 2j. Od. cost?. John Rooney, charged with making UEe of obsceno language, was fined C3,, or twenty-four hours' imprisonment; and a charge of unlawful assault, made against tho samo defendant by Mary Ann Fiddee, was dismissed. Elizi Fox, for making use of ob- sceno language, and for insulting behaviour towards Aimfie Ilomerill, was fined 5a., or twenty-four hours' imprisonment. Another charge against her, of using obsceno language to Jules Martin, was dismissed. In a charge for illegal detention of property, tho com- plainant, Honora Fleming, did not appear, and the caee was sttuck out, with 63. costs. MeeirB. Fragcr, l'attrson, and Wilson were the magistrates present. A simple but effective means of preventing petty climes by Chinamen wbb lately resorted to-that of cutting off their tails. It seems, however, to have bien defeated at Sandhurst by a practice, of which the higher authorities would Eeem not to be awaro. The Bendigo Mtptndtnt has tho following on the subject : \- "Most of our readers are aware that when ChaeEo prisoners enter the Sandhurst Gaol their tails are cat off. Amongst the Celestial fraternity tho loss of a tail is considered a lestirg disgrace ; and no doubt this system inflicts a severe punishment on the offenders. But it appears that when the prisoner's time ImH expired ho is presented with his tail, which he carries away irftriumph, and it is veiy Eoou plaotd in its original position This, in a gitat measure, does away with the severity ot the punishment originally in- tended." Speaking of tho moral effect of tho late debate in the Legislative Assembly as to the attachment of the Tariff to the Appropriation Act, tho Maryborough Advertiser says:-"The minority who on Thursday evening, in tho Legislative Assembly, recorded by their votes their earnest protest against the unconstitu- tional course proposed to bo adopted by tho Government, in tacking a tax bill on to the Appropriation Bill, were sufficiently numer- ous to lend considerable moral support to the Lrgitlatlve Council in the action which they will no doubt take in reference to this unpre- cedented proceeding. Wo say 'unprece- dented.' and wo uso the term advisedly." On tho same subject, the Daylesford Mercury says :-" Messrs. Frazer and Wheeler voted with the Ministry, and so far thoy havo acted consistently ever since the Ministerial pro- posals for reform of the tariff wero sub- mitted, but with an utter disregard of the pledges by which they secured tüeir return. Wu dmy that they represent in this matter tho sentiments of n majority of persons in thispait of the district. However, that is a very unimportant Buhjectin comparison with the issue now raised batween the two Houses of our Legislature. The course adopted by tho Ministry is-openly meant as a means whereby tho Council shall ba deprived to a material extent of their legislative func- tions," 