SATURDAY, MARGE _, 1866. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. HOUSTON (In the absence of Mr, Harker) moved a «solution for going into committee on Tuesday, to consider a proposition affirm- ing the expediency of paying members of the Legislative Council and Assembly for their attendance in Parliament, and of bringing in a bill for tho purpose. Mr. M'CUL-OOH, while admitting this to be a mode of dealing with tho question preferable to that adopted last week, intimated his in- tention to oppose the resolution when brought forward in committee. The motion was then agreed to. On the motion of Mr. M'LELLAN, a return was ordered of the amount of business brought before the goldfields warden at Wood's Point. The bills to consolidate the laws relating to county courts, medical practitioners, fer.ces, patente, Crown remedies and liability, equity practice, bakers and millers, religious tiusts, seamen, insolvency, volunteers, regis- tration of births, &c;, party processions, pawnbrokers, impounding, savings banks, thistles, torts, theatres, coroners, juries, public moneyB and audit, friendly societies, common law procedure, passenger?, &o; .policeoffences, aliens, police regulations, and hawkers, were severally read a third time. The Hospitals Law Consolidation Bill was parsed throURh committee; and some pro- gress wes made in committee with the Elec loral Law Consolidation and Amendment Bill. The Houso adjourned at ten minutes past seven o'clock until Tuesday next. If Mr. M'CULLOCH will be at the pains to collate the speeches of the members who addressed the House upon the motion for adjournment, made by Mr. O'SHANASSY, ho will find the course which he has intimated the Cabinet in- tend to follow in submitting the tariff to the Council designated as " unconsti " tutional," " unfair," " undignified," " cowardly," and " coercive," If this bill of indictment, made out by friends as well as foes, can be sustained, he may well pause before he commits himself to the course which he has threatened to pursue ; and if resolved, in mingled obstinacy and pride, to persevere in it, we can promise him that the retro- spect, instead of being pleasing, will be deeply -mortifying. The epithets which have been applied to the policy that Mr. M'CULLOCH has announced, are strictly appropriate. We will show, too, that it is unjust, and we believe that it will be found to be fatuitous. According to the authorities upon constitutional law referred to by Mr. GLADSTONE in the speech which we quoted yesterday, the House of Lords has the power even of amending a money bill. It has indisputably the power of rejecting such a biiL The Legislative Council, whose functions and preroga- tives were intended to be based upon those of the Lords, may noi indeed amend a money bill, but it is expressly provided that our Upper House may re- ject it. It would appear that the Council has not privileges so extensive as those of the Lords, but the enactment defining its functions plainly reserves to it the right and the opportunity to de- liberate. By annexing the tariff to the Appropriation Act, the Ministry aim to deprive the Council of the power of deliberating. By holding over it, in terrorem, the consequences of reject- ing the bill, the Cabinet proposo to force the Council to endorse the act of the Assembly, and to do its bidding. Can a proceeding more grossly uncon- stitutional be imagined than that which the Ministry intend to pursue 1 Is it to be endured that they should attempt to convert a legislative body, and a body as truly representative as the Assembly itself, into a mere court of registration ? If Mr. M'CULLOCH had frankly avowed his conviction that the Council, as at pre- sent constituted, is obstructive and ought to be reformed, and if he had avowed his intention to bring in a bill to effect this object, we should have commended his honesty whatever we had thought of his piudence. But the trick to which he and his colleagues are ready to resort, will revolt every honourable mind, and arouse to a determined opposition every one who values constitutional govern- ment. What more "unfair" than the in- tended proceeding of the Ministry ? Unless they have privately canvassed the opinions of members of the Upper House, they do not even know that it will be found adverse to the tariff. A majority may be found favourable to the retrograde fiscal policy of the Ministry. Is it to be endured that their decision should be anticipated, and that precau- tions should be taken before it can be known what that decision will be 1 Having shown that the course which the Ministry intend to pursue is " un " constitutional" and " unfair," we need not waste words in proof that it is "undignified." If Mr. M'CULLOCH aspires to the reputation of an honour- able statesman-andan honourable mer- chant can scarcely be willing to imperil his reputation by unworthy acts upon the political stage-ho will not take long to discover that he has deeply compromised himself in the estima- tion of those who can appreciate manly honour, and the determination to accomplish only by fair and legitimate means the policy which he believes will be beneficial to the country. That Mr. M'CULLOCH intends to coerce the Council into a ratification of his fiscal policy is plain, and that the expedient to which he has resorted im- plicates his character for fortitude and courage, needs no attempt at demonstra- tion. Not content to await the course of events, and to leave the principles to which he has pledged himself to gain the ascendancy by fair discussion and their proved fitness to promote the wel- fare of the community, ho has resorted to surreptitious and unworthy means to gain for them the influence which ho seems to have despaired of otherwise securing. Without the courage to accept a defeat in a fair encounter, ho seeks to gain a victory by meanis unrecognised in lawful warfare. When all England throbbed with ex- citement during the discussion upon the Reform Bill, the question was passed from one to another, what will the Lords do? Wo do not compare the present crisis with that in regard to its importance, but the magnitude of the interests involved, and the extraordinary and unfair means taken by the Ministry to accomplish tho object, sug- gests the question, what will the Council do 1 li true to themselves, and if firmly of opinion that the influence of the Upper House is necessary to the balance of the Constitution, they cannot fail to resent tho attempt of tho Ministry to intimidate them. And, apart from the conside- rations involved in the change at- tempted by the Cabinet in our fiscal policy, we hold that they would not only be justified, but that they are required, in reBpect to the functions with which the Constitution has in- vested them, to reject a measure attempted to be forced upon their ac- ceptance. The constitutional principio involved would alone demand of the Council that they should dare all con- sequences, and indignantly protest against the attempt to coerce their de- cision. Nor can the Upper Houso be indifferent to the discussion which has taken place out of doors, and to the petitions ad- dressed to them by men of intelligence and influence in the community. Upon this ground alone, that the Ministry have not succeeded in calling forth such an expression of opinion as would justify a change in existing arrangements, as the conservative element in the consti- tution, the Council are bound to Bee ne quid detrimenii res pública cajiiat. We have not touched upon collateral issues in endeavouring to reply to the question, what will the Council do, or we could find reasons enough to strengthen our conviction that they will not, like the As- sembly, be befooled into making an ex- periment which philosophy and expe- rience alike condemn. The members of the Upper House have reason enough to justify them in the rejection of a measure which has been forced upon them with an implied threat of con- sequences. We believe that if the Minis- try have not had the courage to await the course of events, the Council will not fail in this respect ; and we also believe that not only does the course proposed to be taken by the Cabinet deserve all the epithets which have been applied to it, but also that it will be found to be fatuitous and self destructive. It is curious to notice how abuses that have been long tolerated, fasten them- selves upon society, and come to be re- garded almost in the light of inevitable institutions. The public mind is prone to accept what is as what must be, and we cannot conceive it altogether impos- sible for BEN HALL, GILBERT, and the rest of the New South Wales freebooters, to levy black mail with sufficient per- severance and success, to cause them to be looked upon by the border population as necessary evils, as men who have obtained a sort of pre- scriptive right to follow their occupation without being subjected to over much interference at the hands of the duly authorised tax collectors-to wit, the Government. At all events, an almost similar state of affairs prevails in one branch of Victorian trade. The pre- sent system of sharebroking seems to be acquiesced in by its victims, as though the inconveniences attaching to it were incapable of remedy, and no better system were known to exist. They grumble, but they do not re- sist. They write to the newspapers day after day complainingly, but they do not attempt to put their own shoulders to the wheel to right the conveyance. Sharebrokers may in the great majority of cases resemble brokers in no other respect than that of charging a commis- sion upon their transactions ; they may traffic to an unlimited extent in the article which they profess simply to transfer ; still, the large section of the public which suffers by the imposition takes no steps to secure legislative re- dress. The share market of Melbourne has grown to its present magnitude with un- exampled rapidity, and, like all institu- tions developed over quickly, it is ill regulated, or, more correctly, not regu- lated at all. The business connected with it is conducted by a class of per- sons calling themselves, in accordance with English precedent, sharebrokers, but who are in truth, with perhaps rare exceptions, middlemen, who purchase shares at a stated price, sell them at a profit, and take advantage of their no- minal position to pocket additional emolument in the shape of commission. One or other of their bifold capacities they must be compelled to surrender if affairs are to be placed upon a satisfac- tory footing. They must cease to be middlemen or cease to be brokers. If they choose to open a shop for scrip, let them do so, "and let customers go to them as they would go to any other store, and suit themselves with the article they require if they can. But in that case let us hear nothing of a per- centage. They have become traders, and must deal with their wares accordingly. We do not think many persons would be prepared to go openly into such a business with a stock of such fluctuating value as this ; but there remains only the alternative of honest brokerage. To obtain this desideratum, we must follow our English model in something more than in name. Parliament must take the matter in hand and frame regulations for the management of a business which is too nice and delicate to be left to itself, and upon the basis of this enactment a stock exchange can be formed of sufficient influence to ostracise any member detected taking part in transactions of an underhand nature. This is the only way in which public confidence in the sharebroking frater- nity can bo fostered, and the brokers themselves brought to see that the little peculations which they have come to re- gard as quite professional aro less venial than they have induced themselves to believe. It is the very commonness of the offence, in fact, which induces us to be so general in our denunciations of it, while we have ready to our hand nume- rous weH-authentiriated cases of what would appear to any unßöninminated mind most flagrantly dishonourable trans- actions. It would be unjust, however, to hold up to sudden odium a particular firm, when, to use a vulgar but forcible saying, almost the whole profession, there is too great reason to suppose, is " tarred with the same brush." More- over, it must not be forgotten that there are numbers who are anxious to escape from the tar, and who only require pub- lic support to enable them to effect their object. This is the time, then, for those who are nearly interested in the success of such a reform as that proposed, to speak out upon the subject. If they persist in still regarding tho mischief as inevitable-if, as URIAH HEEP liked tobe despised,they have contracted a partiality for being cheated-they must not be surprised if, when the question is brought under the consideration of Par- liament, it should be deemed unneces- sary to alter a system apparently working so smoothly and satisfactorily. If, however, as we understand will be the case, legislation should be demanded at an early day, it would not bo inad- visable to bring at the same time the force of law to bear upon another class which has it in its power at present to victimize innocent shareholders, and no- wise neglects its opportunities. We allude to the managers of associated mining works. A very glaring case illustrative of the use which some of these men make of the early information necessarily afforded them was brought under our notice a few days ago. A manager of a well-known reef visited Melbourno at an important crisis in the company's affairs, and by giving an erroneous account of the proceedings at the mine, induced holders of shares to dispose of their scrip below market value, whereas, when the true account of the company's operations became known, the price of the shares experienced a considerable advance. Of course this was a glaring case of fraud, needing no fresh legislation to enable it to bo dealt with in the courts of law. But other instances of a less clumsy de- scription of trickery not unfrequently occur which might well in any new enactment that may bo framed be met by a clause referring to persons in positions of trust in the service of mining com- panies. Until something be done to check the little eccentricities now so commonly exhibited by sharebrokers and mining managers, either together or separately, investment in this descrip- tion of stock will not find unbounded favour in the eyes of cautious capital- ists. Almost for the first time the free traders have got a hearing in Melbourne. A public meeting to oppoBO the now tariff was called by the newly-established "Free-trade and Financial Reform League," and took place yesterday at the Exhibition-building. The vast area of the ground-floor and the long galleries were densely crowded, and it waa plain at the commencement that public feel ÍDR w as very stroDgly excited. The chair was taken by Mr. Geo. Harker, M.L, A, for Culling wood, and Mr. E. Langton proposed the first resolution, which denied that the new tariff was justified by existing circumstances, and calling upon the Upper House not to be in- timidated, but exercise its constitutional rights. To the observer, it was odd that, while hitherto it has betn the rule at public meetings in Melbourne that the majority should be Protectionists (often, no matter where the meeting is held, composed of the self-samo persons time after time), and the minority either denied a hearing or so interrupted as to be practically unheard, the reverse obtained yesterday. The huge body of the audience swayed to and fro in ita en- thusiastic applause of the first resolution ; but nevertheless Borne dozen orso of protectionists were there, and by vociferated interjections, managed to occasion frequent interruptions which interfered greatly with the speeches. The motion was seconded by Mr. Walker, and supported by Mr. 0. E. Bright, of Bright Biothers, the applause continuing, as through- out the meeting, at an equal ratio. A Mr. Goodwin proposed an amendment, to the effect that the meeting support the new tariff, but the repeated requests of the chairman for Bilence were unattended to, and a vote of about 100 to 1 decided that the speaker should not be heard. The motion was then put, but not moro than twenty or twenty-five hands were held up against it, while a forest of hands were elevated in its favour. The second resolution, proposed by Mr. J, D. Wood, seconded by Mr. Callaghan, and sup- ported by Mr. J. Wilberforce Stephen, declaied that .liberty to sell and bay, how, when, and where men pleased, was the foundation of commercial Buccess. It was alto-carlied as nearly unanimously as the first; and the third resolution, moved by Mr. James Spowers, and seconded by Mr. Stevenson, which exprestly approved of the foi mat ion of the league, mot with equal favour. It was stated that £5,000 had been subscribed to the league in two days, and over 20,000 signatures appended to the peti- tion to the Legislative Council to disagree with the proposed new tariff. The meeting, pcihapB the largest ever held within walls in Melbourne, separated in good order. Twenty-nine of the Attorney-General's consolidation bills were read a third time in the Legislative Assembly yesterday. Tho action for libel brought by Mr. George Urquhart, Equatter, against MeBsrs. Wilson and Mackinnon, the proprietors of The Argus, terminated yesterday, after a three days' trial. The jury, nho were in deliberation for about two hours and three quarters, found a verdict for the plaintiff on the first three counts, with40s, damages, and a verdict for de- fendants on the three remaining counts. The libel complained of in the three first counts, it will be remembered, were extracta from a pamphlet entitled The Btstory of a Severe Misfortune, by an Unfortunate, which wa. a reprint of some articles which had previously aipcared in the Riverine Eerala, and was piinted at the defendants' job printing-office. With reference to these counts, the defendants did not plead any justification, but stated that the pamphlet had been published without their knowledge, in the ordinary way of trade, and in the belief that it had no personal reference. When their attention was drawn to it, they offered to make a public apology, and Rive up tho name of the gentleman who gave them the order to print the pamphlet. The alleged libels Bet forth in the other three counts were contained in three articles published in The Argue, commenting upon Mr.Urquhart.con- viction by the Cowanna magistrates for having Ecabby sheep in his possession, and the subse- quent remiBBion of the penalties by the Government. To these counts the defendants pleaded "justification," and the result of tho verdictwas to establish and support that plea. After the verdict was gi vet), plaintiff's counsel »Eked the judge- Mr. Justice Williams-to certify for costs, but his Honour refused to do so. TheHead-quartera Band will perform this afternoon, from four to six o'clock, at the Botanical-gardens. The following is the programme :-Overture, "Son and Stranger," Mendelssohn; Quadrille, "Scotch," Faust; Selection from "Bobert le Diable," Meyer- beer; Overture, "Oberon," Weber; Waltz, "The Store of the West," Montague; Se- lection from " William Tell," Rossini ; Quick March, Siede. A donation of £3, from the employés of Messrs. Owen, Dudgeon, and Arnell, tobacco manufacturers, for the Melbourne Hospital, has been forwarded to us. The yearly election of office-bearers and councillors of the Boyal Society will take place on Monday, the 13th inst. Any members desirous of making nominations to the vacant offices should send in their names to the hon. secretary. Dr. Goold, the Catholic bishop of Mel- bourne, will lay the first stone of a new church in East Collingwood to-morrow (Sunday). We are informed that church and school accommodation aro much wanting in that densely peopled district. It la expected that there will be a large attendance of the Catholic body at the IayiDg of the stone, which will bo conducted with all the cere- monies of the Boman ritual. The Dublin Central Committee for the pro- motion of the Irish National Monument to O'connell have written acknowledging the receipt of £1,000, the contribution sent from the colony of Victoria, and expressing their grateful thanks to the subscribers, the chairman, treasurer, and honorary secretary. At the weekly meeting of the executive committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Friday, the superintendent made the following return ¡-Number of inmates in the home, as reported lost week, 191 ; admitted since, ,9 ; persons who have wcdv¡T^ door relief, 298, or 75 families. Tot,! lieved, 608. Disohargod fiom the ¿£ during the week. 75. Total .t pre°"! remaining. 195. Number BtonebreaklnV IS ookum-plcklng, 14. A donatiou of j» 3 baa bien received per Mr. Coff, coUector from Messrs. Bright Brothere. ' A reward of £40 is offered for informally which shall lead to the convictioa of ti. person or persons who, on tho night of ti 24th ult., maliciously sot fire to a dlvldh fence near Glenlogie, the property of Mr Cn« Williamson. ' "' During the past month, fourteen intestate, estates of deceased persons have been placed in the hands of the curator. Two ? amount thus left was £9 14s. 6d" by ? Morrison, Ararat ; and the largest was £1,100 by John Provan, Ballarat, a native of Scotland. '" A general meeting of shareholders ia the Mountain View Quartz mining and Ciuähin» Compony, Jamieson, took place last ovonln. at the Duko of Bothsay Hotel, Ell_i_»t.' street, Mr. H, L. Severn in tho chair. After" a detailed account from Mr. J. W. Thomson secretary pro tem., as to the prospects of thé undertaking, the meeting proceeded to trans act the necessary preliminary business of the company, and to the election of office- I bearers. The reading of the deed of settle. * ment was dispensed with, and the chair- ' man authorised to inspect it on behalf of the shareholders. After some discussion the number of directors was fixed at seven' and the qualification restricted to holders of not less than five shares. The following were elected a board of directora ¡-Mess«, It Slines, D. M. Boche, J. Davies, H. Haine, J.H Clayton, W. Hall, and R Hadden. Mr! J," W. Thomson was appointed legal manager and secretary ; and after the transaction of Borne unimportant business, the meeting closed. A meeting of Melbourne shareholders In the Oriental Gold-mining Company (Ballarat) ' was held last evening, in theüuko of Bothsay Hotel, Elizabeth-strjet, for the purpose of conferring with Mr. 0. Kinnear and Mr. W. Oldham on the present position of the com' pany's affairs. About 160 Bhares wero repre- 1 Bented at the meeting ; and the chair was i taken by Mr. J. Dane, M LA. A pro tractcd conversational discubsion took place as to the advisability of winding ' up the undertaking, and forming a new company, and the proposition Beemed to meet with general favour. It was suggested ', by the mansger at Ballarat that, for the par- : pose of thoroughly piosptctlng and proving the ground, onother company should bj originated, and tho claim, together with the ! whole of the mining machmary, pnrcnased ; j and that the capital should be £5,000, ia 1 one thousand £5 shares. It was eventually ' resolved, on the motion of Mr. M. Keogh, that ( the chairman and Mr. Kinnear should attend * a Epeclnl board meeting at Balarat on Mon I doy, to represent the Melbourne shareholders, } and should be entrusted with full power to t purchase the claim and plant, with a view to ??? the formation of a new company ; the result * of their mission to be made known at an- other meeting, to be convened by public f advertisement. The proceedings then ter- ! rainated. A bush-fire on a small scalo broke out at about half-past eleven o'clock yesterday Î morningat St. Kilda, in a paddock occupied by Mr. Harvey, and bituated at the Free Presbj terian Church, at the corner of Alma street and Ohapel-street. The sides of tho paddock stretching along by these streets were enclosed by a tall thick hedg« of fuize, of old growth, and very dry from the effect] of the long-continued drought. The furza , had straggled over a large piece of gtound In - the cornor of this paddock, forming a thicket of considerable extent. It was in this that the fire originated. The fire-brigade speedily mustered, ami the hose was conveyed OB Boon as possible to the spot and connected with the main, How * ever the fire was not got under until the , whole of the fuize blake was consumed, and t but very little left for a long distance to , show that a fence bad been there, The fire occurring in the midBt of a number of . villa residences, and giving rise to l«ge [1 clouds of Bmoke, a numerous concourse of '' people assembled to watch the work of es- ? tinguishlng the flames. The grass in the paddock being very thin, the fire was easily kept from spreading beyond the limits of the thicket of fui/.e. 5 A farmer named Peter Mackenzie, living at the Pentland-hiils, was complained against yesterday, at the District Court,, by Mr. James Biley, sheep inspector, for having, ? "without authority in writing from a sheep Inspector, removed from land at the Pent- land-hiils sheep which, on the28th ult, were infected with Ecab, to the Melbourne Callie yards, aloDg a public road." The «mphint was clearly proved, and Mr. Hackett, after re- 1 marking upon the Eerious damage that might j bo caused by such a breach of the act, fined the defendant £20, with 23s. Gd. costs. Tho mas Hanson, a farmer at the Pentland-hills was complained against for being the omer of 348 sheep infected with scab, which were at the Melbourne Cattle- yards on the 28ih ult., and for which a licenco had not been ob- tained under the second part of the Act of Council, 27 Victoria, No. 231, These sheep were those refeired to in the former com- plaint, the former defendant being the percon in whose charge they were brought down, and the present one the owner. Mr. Riley proved that, on finding the Bne.? pt the cattle jatd«, and dkcovering that they were £c»i»J> ho left them in the charge of a man in the yotds, where they were claimed the next day by -Hanson. Defendant was fined 2s. per head, with 23s. 6d. costs. From , some observations that wero made, it seemed that the accommodation at the cattle-yards « did not afford a separate place foi keeping sheep in when, as in the present case, tiny were known to be scabby. The consequence is, that infected sheep often occupy pens m thcEO yards which, directly after their depar- ture, may be tenanted by clean sheep, to assault case, in which G. Austin, land- lord of the Cross Keys Hotel, waa sum- moned for oesaulting Mary Dodd, at t» Globe Hotel, and which had been PMW heard on a former occasion, wasconcluded, ana the defendant was fined 40s, with 45s. costs. The evidence in this caBO Inoluded some very hard and contradictory swearing, and Mr. j Hackett said it was olear to him that a gooa deal of what ho could only regard as ran« perjury had been committed. A number 01 other more or less important cases were also disposed of, among which moy be mention«) that of Geo. Hambreltcb, who wasfined Wy<« slaughtering on unlicensed promisee ¡Pjj Mïntosh, who, for leaving building material» in the Btreet unprotected by a fence, wasunea 10s. ; and John Parry, who was fined JW making a dangerous excavation. Some sevea or eight people were also summoned forwas ing the Yan Yean water, ond wera finea !«. each, with costs. ,r.. The [complaint preferred by And«*«* tin against Mary Lee, for making use ot sou sivo and threatening language, was ogaw newed at the East Collingwood Polka W» ycBterday, the hearing of the cas e M» ing terminated somewhat abruptly , the pievious court day, owing to defendant's witnesses appearing » in a state of inebriety, and being co -mitted for contempt. The Bandi yesterday 'held the charge sustained, and inflicted a fine of 10s., with 263. coBts. Two cross summonses for obscene and insulting language were taken out by Lee against Martin, but both ohargos -were dismissed. G. Slndon, charged with assault, was ordered to pay 40J. damages, and 25s. costs; and John M'Ardle, on the information of his wife, was bound over to keep the peace towards her for 'six months, in his own recognizance of £50, and two sureties of £26 each. Mary Oliver, for being drunk and disorderly, was sent to gool for six months, with hard labour ; and Mar- garet Langham, on a similar charge, was ordered to be imprisoned ior one month, ( with hard labour. A COBB in which W. Fletcher charged J. Hipper with illegally detaining property waa dismissed, and tho complainant afterwards called on to show ? cause why he should not support his children, who lad been sent to the industrial Behool .by Hipper. The Bench ordered Fletcher to p iy 15s. per week for the maintenance of tho children. Several complaints for offencos against the bye-laws of the borough woro visited with light fines or dismissed.'; and a number of small debt cases were also dealt with. The Hon. J. P. Fnwkner, M.L.C., and Messrs. Thomas and Brennand, were the magistrates on the bench. At the Williamstown Police Court yester- day, Joseph Ea9ton appeared to answer a complaint made against him by the police, for sellingliquor without a licence. The evi- dence being incomplete, the charge was with- drawn. The agitation which usually sets in during the dry weather of the summer season in favour of extensive supplies of water for tho country districts, has commenced at Castle- maine. A public meeting on the subject was held in tho theatre there on Thursday even- ing, and resolutions in favour of the Coliban scheme wero unanimously adopted. It is to be regretted that the necessity so forcibly felt in summer is lost sight of as soon as the autumn rains set in. If the views of the people of the country districts on this subject were expressed less intermittently, the Go- vernment would perhaps treat the matter with more earnestness than thoy have hitherto ?done. The Border Post states that, through " the exertions of Mr. G. V. Smith, one of our re- presentatives, the Treasurer haa promised to refund to the Chiltern Borough Council the amount of licence fees received last year amounting to about £600." We find the following in the Ballarat Star: -" It is stated that a member of the Legis- lative Assembly, who latoly married a lady with a reported accumulation of no fewer than 1,000 golden'charms, is about to be sued by a lady in Melbourne for damages for breach of promise." On the Bowling green at Chapel-street, this afternoon, a match will bo played between the married and single members, commenc- ing at half-past three o'clock p.m. The first «ourse for the club's champion gold medal must be played off to-day or Monday, as the -drawing for the second course will take place on Monday evening. Members of the club who have not been on the green since the lists were posted, ore recommended to examine the advertising columns of this journal of the 2nd inst., where they will find the list of lies as ballottcd for. It is BO long since wo bave had a rowing match exclusively for watermen that the racing to come off this afternoon, for the .championship of the Upper Yarra, possesses moro than ordinary interest. The following, wo are told, gavo rise to the matoh. Some two weeks since a gentleman from Wood's Point, who now and again employed the watermen, volunteered to give a cup, of the value of £10, to the fastest rower on the Upper Tarra. The gift wa?, as may be ex- pected, eagerly accepted, and six - un- doubtedly the best six-watormen entered, and at once went into training. Those to ?whom were entrusted the management of the affair mot at the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel, Bichmond, and determined that, in conse- quence of the narrowness of the river, the race should be rowed in heats-three boats in each; and that the winners of tho first and .second heats should row a final hean for the iprice. The competitors have during the past week been practising over the course from the Church-street bridge to a point near the Bichmond punt; and, from the fact that the race will decide the championship, an -exciting contest is expected. Mr. T. P. Hill, whose name is now Bo well known through the colonies, announces in another column his intention to open a vocal gymnasium and Lyceum for elooatlon, in the large hall of the Victoria Grammar School. On Sunday last, a man of name unknown was found lying in an insensible state in an unoccupied houso in Church-street, Bich- mond, near the bridge, and b.-ing removed to the hospital, ho died there the next day, never having recovered his senses before his .death. An inquest waa held on Monday, whtn the medical evidence proved that death was caused by a fracture of tho skull. The Inquiries of the police having failed to throw any light on the identity of the de censed, or the mode of his death, the in queBt was consequently adjourned to al dow time for further investigation. The 'inquiry was resumed yesterday, when the »following additional evidence was taken. 'PhabeChitty Btated that she lived next door 'to the 'house in which deceased was found. '3lie saw him on Saturday morning come to the house, when, from his staggering manner, Bhc thought that he was drunk. He stayed for two or three hours, then left, and she saw him return at a late hour in the after- noon, and he then appeared in the same state. She saw no more of him, and heard no noise or disturbance in the neighbourhood. William Chard, a warehouseman living at "Bichmond, said on Saturday afternoon, at about six o'clock, he saw the deceased outside the house at which he was found. Ho had a large piece of paper, which seemed to have been tom from a wall, and which ho ?was trying to form into a hat or covering for his head. He seemed to witness to have tho appearance of an ordinary working-man. It struck him at the timo that the man was -cither mad or drunk, his opinion inclining to the latter auppositlon. He saw no marks of violence about him. Ha did not speak to him, and saw no more of him. Deceased wai, then alone. Detective Black deposed he, with some othor detective officers, had been inquiring about the deceased, and the olr cumstanceB which led to his death. He had not beon able to get the body < identified. No person bad been scon to enter tv. or leave the house, except the deceased, on I '-;the Saturday before the day when ho was found. On searching the house no indications of struggling or violence could bo seen. The 1 large .tone produced had been found in the room 4n which deceased lay, his hoad resting against it. It was too large to be used by anyone as a weapon, and no hair or blood was found upon it. Inquiries had been made atthepublic-houses In Bichmond, South Yarra, Prahran, and Gardiner's Oreok-road; and it could not be ascertained that anyone had tosn drinking corresponding to the descrip- tion of deceased, and he was not known to the police. The jury found that "the de- ceased died on the 27th ult. from a fracture ' J>1tno skull caused by external violence. "There is no evidence to show how the de ooosed met with the injuries which caused his death." Wizard Jacobs will bs the Saturday at- traction at the Theatro Boyal. At the Hay- market Mr. 0_Tell will make his first ap- pearance in tho Colleen Bawn. The Polytechnic-hall was fashionably at- tended lost evening. Miss Palmerston ap- peared to great advantage, being in capital voice, and more vivacious than ever. The rapidity of her numerous changes, her well managed and flexible voice, and her versatile powers of mimicry, conduce to form a de- lightful ovening's entertainment. "Lord Dundreary" is announced for this evening. 