TORNADO AT BEECEWORTE. (FROM THE OVENS ADVERTISER, OCT. 28.) | Laßt Thursday evening Beechworth and the surrounding neighbourhood wero visited by one of the most violent storms ever ex- perienced in the Ovens district. During the day the heat was most oppressive, and the heavy copper- coloured clouds which gathorod in tho sky gave hopes of a speedy downfall of the long-wished-for rain. The sun set amidat clouds of dark purple the atmosphere ap- peared charged with electricity, and there was every appearance of a heavy thunder- storm setting in. From half-past six until Eeven o'clock, tho wind rose and blew in sudden guste, at intervals. For about half an hour a comparative calm ensued, the wind dying away with a Btrango mournful Bound, until half-past seven o'clock, when it suddenly rose, and blowing nearly duo north, swept over the town with almost irresistible fury, carrying with it clouds of dust so dense thut it was impossible to see lights across the street. HOUECS wero nnroofed and blown down, large sheets of zinc, hugo beams of timber, and large stones were hurled by the tempest to an incredible distance, ami one sheet of galvanised iron striking against a post waB doubled up like a sheet of paper. The citizens were in a quandary, the perplex- ing question being-whether they had better remain In-doors until their houses were blown down upon them, or venture in the street to bravo the shower of debris that would there assail them ? The whole front of the Common School, in Ford- street, was blown out, and fell upon the footpath in a huge mass. Mr. Kerstein, butcher, of NewTown, wasBtanding for shelter between the school and the building known as Craig's storo, which adjoins it, when this happen ed, and it is a matter of congratula- tion that he escaped unhurt. A window of the Chu ich of England was blown in, and part of the ridging stripped of. Tho premises of Mr. M'Lean, in Ford-street, used as a coach factory, received severe damage, a portion of the roof being stripped and part of the front blown down. Tho Baptist Chapel, in Ford street, was also nearly blown down; and although at present it is kept up by props, it is doubtful whether it oin again be placed in a perpendicular position without being pulled down and rebuilt. Tho house of Mr. Bjbert Cunnirgham was entirely unroofed, and many other buildings either completely or partially BO. The end of the forage sture at the police statiou was blown do*», and numerous windows iu the town bave bien broken by stones blown against them. To enumerate all the damage which 1IHB accrued to buildings through this tremendous storm would be next to impossible, as there are few houses in the town bnt what boar some evidence of its violence. That " the battle is not always to the strong " has been exempli- fied in the wonderful fact that oar Town-hall, although in a moat shaky condition, and evidently on its last legs, has withstood the fury of the gale, while many an apparently stronger building has come to grief. Daring tho half-hour that the hot wind continued to Wow with such fearful violence it occasion- ally veered round to the westward, and at times appeared to blow from noarly all points of the compass. Tho moon shone brightly the whole time, and the south-western hori- zon was lighted up by sheet lightning. The accoutra received from the bush epcak of trees uprooted in all directions, fences blown or dashed down, and bush-fires fanned into fury by the wind. The road to the Nine-Mile is rendered in many places impassable, through the number of broken trees lying across it. Great damage has been done to tho telegraph wiro through- out the entire district. Near the Rev. John K. Macmillan's house, a large treo fell on the wires, and broke them. The same thing has happoned near tho Vine Hotel ; also between Beechworth and the Black Springs, and at various other places along the line of telegraph. At Stanloy, a stable of Mr. Dyring a in course of erection was partially blown down,an d eighteen trees aro lying across tho main road between that town and Beech- worth. At the Tbreé-milo it is reported I hat a digger has sustained some injuries, though not of a serious nature, through his hut being blown down upon him. During tho fury of the strom tho Rov. Father Tierney waa preaching in the Roman Catholic Chapel at Beechworth ; the walls wore seen to shake, and a sudden panic seized upon the congre fation, which was Kith difficulty quelled, lad a rush to tho door taken place, tho con- sequences might havo been serious. We are Bony to have to record that at China man's-flat," nearHurdlofiat, a large branch of a tree was blown down, and felt upon a hut in which wera two Chinamen, crushing it in. One of them died before he could bo conveyed to tho District Hospita), and tho other at present lies in a very precarious state in the samo insti- tution. An inquest was held on tho body of the deceased yesterday, and a verdict in ac- cordance with tho facts returned. At nbout half-past eight o'clock the wind fell, and the nlght.becamo beautifully ca'm ; and, with the exception of an occasional gust of wind, continued so until morning. Every appearance of rain had vanished yesterday, and only a few drops fell during the night. The heavy blocks of clouds travelled in a south-easterly direction, and the sky became serene and clear. Every one is busy examin- ing into the extent of damage done, and looking after missing portions of their pro- perty, some of which were carried to a great distance. 