NEW SOUTH WALES. ATPBAISBMENT OH Rt/NS IN THE MUEBUM 1ID8EE Disthiot.?We learn that Mr. Augustus Morris' station, Tala, Murrumbidgee district, which paid annually£437 10s. rent and assess- ment, has been appraised by Mr. Campbell, acting as solo appraiser, at £1150. This is equal to 6d. a sheep on its natural depasturing capabilities, or ot the rate of ld. per aero. It is believed that Hub appraisement may be takon as p, fair indication of tho rate of the appraise nW.its whieh woro going on yesterday at Denili- quin.?& M. Herald. Man Shot.?Our Newcastle correspondent B??8!?At the Borehole, oa Tuesday morning, about 1 o'clock, a woman named Catherine win . fired nt a miner named William JlCormick, alias Adam Kennedy, with a gun loaded with swan shot. The charge penetrated ?he left lung, causing death in a few hours.?S. ?«? Herald. ,, HnraoPHOBiA.?The Singleton Times, of ms nth, remarks:?Many of our readers may wera the evil to which we direct their attention as a minor nuisance, and scarcely worthy of serious consideration. But tho simple mention Pt ono word may perhaps alter their opinion? ^Torophpbia. It is true that, notwithstanding me occasionally extreme heat of our climate, n tv m i miuaQy has been hitherto unknown n this colony, yet have we any security against ? advent any more than against that of cholera f f/om *he period of its colonisation until a ecent dato tho Mauritius enjoyed a similar im- munity - it8 inhabitants scouted the idea of "Wine madness, and the island was infested by aa immense and rapidly increasing number of "ogs?no care having been taken to limit their S?|ttgatlon» and numbers of them became half -mu. But rn the midst of their fancied security wnie suddenly the horrible intelligence that £Lw°if hydrophobia had occurred, that tho "g,. ^temper had visited tho island, and, "ino suppressive measures then adopted, i$L i ^*' could operate, many had fallen s2.Tw\\*hB malm,y- *" th» respect New of hp. !i8f.omB likely t0 follow th° example wait f a??thet;0 neighbor, and indolently to and an' thet,adTent rf the scourge, and then, terrniL^18114!7 *?Km then> ^ a ?r of «' S" be itaStaped aB»h* the hordes of i&?T4 "d unclaimed mongrels whieh ""est the streets of every locality. ATTESffiTED PbiSON-BBXAKINO AT BatHUBST. Last\f^ira"? Fafion.°i Tuesday says : anti7 f?renoon a mo6t determined Mwmpt was made by a number of convicted felons aid others to break through the outer wall of Bathurst gaol, and boneo to offed their escape. Tho part of the wall selected was close to tho placo where somo convicts had succooded in making a hole and escaping nearly two yoars since. The attempt on Saturday was very similar to tho successful ono mado in tho previous case, a number of prisoners covered tho mea who were working out tho bricks, so that they should not be seen by the wardor on duty. Thoy had so far succeeded that in a few seconds, had they not beon observed by tho warder, thoy would have efTeoted their purposo; but a timoly alarm was raised, tho governor mustered tho warders, and tho prisoners wero consigned to the cells, and many of them put in irons. Shortly after the mon woro in irons, Dr. Palmor, with senior sergeant Waters and three constables, were on tho spot. As the magisterial inquiryhas not yet been held we refrain from publishing nny further particulars of the attempted outbreak, which was so nearly successful that the inner bricks of the wall had beon removed before the alarm was raised. These ropeated attempts at prison-breaking by convicts requiros tho serious consideration of the authorities, and although wo should bo sorry to find tho trianglo rosortod to, wo fool assured that unless some severe examples aro made, vory serious consequences are likely to follow.?Tho Bathurst Times adds: ?To prevent tho recurrence of these attempts, it is intended to have a low fence erected all along tho yard, threo feet from tho wall j and if a prisoner at any time shall be found botweeu the fenco and the wall ho will bo liable to be shot. ¦ TnE Wheat Chops in the Singleton Disteict.?The Singleton correspondent of tho Mhitland Mercury says:?Tho timely rain with which we wero favored last Monday wcok has been very beneficial to tho wheat crops in this district; and from nil quarters wo learn that tho crops continue to look well. As the timo occu- pied with sowing the wheat in this district this season was rather considerable, so tho harvost will also most likely extend over a moro lengthy period than usual, provided tho later crops are visited with more rain boforo long. Many of our farmers who have planted tho early variotios at an early period expect to bo able to com- mence reaping in about a fortnight; tho wheat, having beon in ear for tho last week or two, is now filling woll sinco tho last rain, and somo is already assuming that glorious goldon hue which has of late been so seldom presented to us. It is thcso early crops which now stand tho best chance of success, for ovon bIiouUI tho dry weather continue for a few weeks longer, tho only damage that could be occasioned would be that tho grain might bo slightly pinchod by tho hot winda. For ;the later crop moro rain is wanted; and from tho changeable aspect of the weather for tho last day or two wo havo every reason to hopo that wo will bo favored with moro" rain bofore long. Somo of our farmers who havo sown rather largo breadths of land with tho early varieties oxpeet to be able to houso pretty fair crops. We know ono farmer who fully anticipates a orop of nearly 2000 bushels, sovorar others 1000 bushels oach, and others less quantities, although, as we stated on a previous occasion, tho quantity of land cropped with wheat this season in tho Singleton district is considerably smaller than wo havo noticed for somo years past. The Season.—Strong hot winds, clouds of dust, and a thick hazy atmosphere continue to be the prevailing characteristic of the weather in the district of Bathurst. On Saturday and Sunday last, the smoke from the enormous bushfires raging around us in every direction, hung over the plains liko a huge fog, exceed- ingly oppressive and totally concealing from view the surrounding mountains. On Monday, tho wind roso higher than UBual, and, to a groat extent, rolioved us by clearing away the smoko. There was also every appearance of a thunder- storm j but tho clouds dispersed towards ovon- ing, and no rain fell j though from tho vivid flashes of lightning that appeared hotweon 7 and 9 o'clock in tho north-east, it is probable that tho coveted storm broko in that direction. Many of our farmers havo already tiirnod their cattle in upon tho young crops, and tl\0 rest have almost -ceased to hopo for any chanco of saying thom. It is thought that if rain carno soon, some of tho crops might be converted into hay; if so, doubtless, much distress may bo averted, for tho failure of tho hay crop has al- ready had such an effect upon the market, that, whereas two months ago hay could bo bought at £3 10s. a ton, it is now commanding £10 ; and to quote a case within our own knowledge, a few months ago an acquaintance bought a lot of hay, which for some timo proved altogether unsaleable; but purchasers aro now glad to givo him irom £8 to £9 a ton for it afc tho stack. In the failure of the wheat harvest, therefore, hay would still bo a remunerative product. ? Bathurst Times, October ll. THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS.-The early days of this week were exceedingly warm, and even at night-time it was very close and sultry. On Tuesday the thermometer stood 94 degrees at 9 in the morning; and at 11 it rose to 98 degrees. A thunder shower or two fell about the middle of the day, and slightly cooled the air. At 6 o'clock in the morning the thermo- meter still stood at 80, and at 8 o'clock at 74 degrees. Yesterday, the weather was much cooler, a slight breeze blowing from the south- ward, and the sky being overcast. Although, as we reported in our last, the rust has shown itself in several localities around Maitland, some very encouraging accounts come in from other places as to the condition of the wheat crop. The wheat at the Sugarloaf is said to be ex- tremely promising. At Buchanan, in one direc- tion, and at Phoenix Park, in another, rust is still absent. At Tillimby, in the Paterson dis- trict, so fine is the crop that ears nine inches in length are freely scattered through it. From our Singleton correspondence it will be seen that encouraging anticipations are entertained in that district. Referring to our late state- ment about tho appearance of rust at Nelson's Plains, a correspondent writes: "From all the information I can gather, I fancy your authority has made a mistake. It would appear that the wheat is only affected in small patches where the straw has shot up very strong, and the wheat has fallen down through the effect of wind, &c.; but the bulk of the wheat is said to look as well as it possibly can, and, in fact, at one place on Nelson's Plains, the grain is so for- ward as to be almost fit to reap at the present time."-Maitland Mercury, October 11. A CURE FOR THE APHIS AND ORANGE BLIGHT. -A farmer at Ulmarra, named Taylor, who has made a large quantity of arrowroot this year, was led by observing the glutinous and appar- ently poisonous qualities of the water in which the arrowroot had been ground, to try its effects on some cabbage plants affected by the aphis, and orange trees that had the blight, and in both cases it was completely successful in freeing the plants from the insects, a single application only being necessary. If this is proved on fur- ther trial a certain cure for those pests, it will indeed be a valuable discovery, as every gar- dener could grow a few bulbs, and prepare the liquid himself, quite free of expense.-Clarence and Richmond Examiner. Continued Dbought at Absiidai-e and na Effects.?It is a matter of extreme concern among all classes that tho dry weather continues so long, the email quantity of rain that has fallen lately is not near sufficient even for agri- cultural pursuits alone. Sheep and cattle are in want of provender, and thoBe parties having the remnants of teams of bullocks are losing them by degrees, mainly attributable to want of feed. Our stores cannot keep up their supplies, and I know from one store- keeper that his goods are on tho road, the team disabled, and it is quite uncertain when the teamster can get it up from Tamworth. It would be, indeed, gratifying were the Clarence line of road repaired, and fit for general traffic, to save the longer distance from Singleton. We still suffer from a scarcity of many useful and necessary odibleB from the cause stated, and it is but an accident that we see young calves. Although our town presents now an appearance, still I can assure your readers that the general depression of trade is unparalleled for many years past.?Clarence and Richmond Examiner. The Bust.?The Ulmarra correspondent of the Clarence aud Richmond Examiner regrets having to record the appearance of rust in tho wheat crops in that parish. It has not yet shown itself to any vory groat extent, but quito sufficient to cause groat uneasiness to our farmors, especially as wo havo it on reliable authority that tho wheat both down and up tho river is in somo places completely dostroycd. 