lENERAL NEWS. m is Biill, we r.gvct to obsorre, lie Western ilittrict The dcUr Kaken by the squatters in refusing fcoard aud lodge ewagmon gratui ?red to be the cause of the increase ily crime. We extract the follow Hm iuu n armamvvoi ocwinn : — ^Ha very tusjiicinns character hare ^B burauig of Mr. William Wall's ^Krtlay, for the detdtionofthe per Hvch it will be seen, on reference Hting columni!, that th« Austrain ^K Company have offered -through ^Kt, Mr. Walter DaWcn, the very Hprd of £100. On the evening of ^Bit a most rascally attempt was Hfy Mr. John Adams's property on Hfwd on the same evening one of ^Wood's dtneks, contiguous to his ^?p, was set on fire, evidently with ^Bf burning the latter.' ^Biiaal Session! on Battirdar, John ^Vied for the murd.-r tit Emerald ^?M'DonHM, n -h'ld twoyrars and ^B-M. It vi'lbe renumbered that ^B- l-o had been cohabiting for some HVboj's mother, was exasperated Ht-rtirg him, iiuJ ccnaorting with ^B nnd in order to bo revenged on Ht »it'-t --f tl.e 28lh of February H*he child (which wai sleeping nt Hv I'is own cliil.'ren) out of liud anil ^?WHtcrcloset. ' The jury con viiti'd - Bfwns sentrnced to death by Mr. Hfwoith. Stai-oy denied hit gull Hh-s, ai.d likemni.y other criminals ?n placed tn tl e same position, ac ?besscc, and rspecially his lister, of H?'tered into minute details to show H ottered a fa^ehood on a point ^m reierem e « hatercT to the charge. H of tVo Crown Prrscrutor (Mr. Honepaitof the case is certainly Burp. Hu found It impossible to ?nical matter without imtlirg the ?r into the wltnrss-boz. He tried ?judge to amend the indictment in B*i -I of the difflcultv, al'ezinir that Bint to produce the woman aa she Hrourable witness.' Si;rel/ ia tr'a't Hjmentous an issue ii inrolred as Ht^-e accused, counsel should rise H/'( -n wuich they would Conduct a B soU and delivered, and In which H^xk&vour; to obtain ao advantage ?ponrnt. Bnt in a crminal proce H° ought lo bt to discover the troth, ??oman knew anything which would ?ity. was it nut the duty of the Kit it, even though she was hostile ? ?&'- the mother, though culled, was ?y questions reejxciing tlie occur ? t does not in the least ezoncra'a ??OBecutor.— Herald. ?worth correspondent of the TaWot ?es as follows to that journal :— wents cast their shadows before.' ?uwt week a brisk trade hu rprnng ?land certificates, some large Mel ?pecu'ators having sent an agent' ?t to buy up all the certificates lie ?d of. Some of the hol'ors bare sold ?ha rate as 4s6d an acne. It is ?tit the employer of this sgeht is an Bl L.C. ' ?angular accident which happened ?ew Kerr, town surveyor of Wsrr ?ile playing at criikct on the 11th, ?ded in the JBrawtner:-'Mr. Kerr ?Icktt, and one of our w«dl-kno«n m Help'irg to bowl.' Intending to ?ttfic 'leg hit; Mr. Kerr wh»lel ?ke the ball, (which struck bis left ?nstantly his right ankle was dis ttlie foot turned comniete'y opj osite mu pnsilion. Dr. Hnrrirgtoa was f, and within a few minutes after I1 the dislocated limb was placed ? Harrington SurBCquenjly drove bis ?eta a bnggy. Mr. Kerr J« getUng ?'I, but no donlt some weeks will W he is able to move about again.' |M Byam Wight, one of the direc Vabk of Victoria, narrowly escaped ?eon Wednesday aftc-rooon, through ? teak of a gunner in the' Boyt.1 ?lamed Vine. The man, it appear*, ?tliose on duty at the vice-regal re»i Pporak, that afternoon, when he f Jden re«olution, which can only be |-r on the presumption that he was 1 » paroxysm oi ineanity, that he pt down the first person passing p. Shortly afterwards the presence I«gnt» who was relarnlng to town, I a visit to some friends in the neigh P loorak, gave Vine an opportunity Png to effect his murderous purpose, [Mr. Wight passed in front oftte M sainted by a bullet whistling close » and, turnins round, be beheld fall ?rorderer, from whom be endeavoured ?-ut was followed and again fired at ? firing attracted the attention of some ?[?''leryicen on doty, who, coming ?pene, attempted to secure Vine, and me Boceesefully aided by liit Excel Kf7', . °' '^'B on borseback, wai ?«top h,m. Vine was at once made m* speedily conveyed to head-quarters, Fas pDt under medical treatment, as ?fdinary conduct leaves acarctly any Rfroni excessive drinking or some m ne i was} at tbe time of committing f, labounag nnder mental aberration. |««»toJ» Examiner of the I6tb instant rUowing report of the committal of a '*^™p''yt!^IW^^r^BuT!on^j^fl^r^^ Last Tiimar, while out on bis master's shn p run, observed two meu— susr.ieious liHikine characters— silting down, and two kangaroo dogs near them. One of the men w.is armed with a gun. On approaching nearer, he ob served ^ they had a fresh sheep-k!n with his rxaster's brands and marks on it. He Ihen accosted the men, asking them whut tl;cv were doing ou the run, and remarking that the .'kin bore Mr. Coupon's brands. He further said that he would report the cin nnistance to his master. The men ?aid Iliey wou'd i-O dually preveit him lii.ni doinp that, nn.l thereupon tied him to » tree, passing the mpe rnnnd his' neek, and fafiui.ing his hfnd. in front of h!m. The inlniuinn wretches Then lufl the poor little fellow to Irs fate. Mr. C'oiilsnn beconiinj? nbrrncd at ilie lorg :ibF(nccnf the ^oy, a march «a? made, nndhe was fminil, i.n Sundav, hound to the tree in .tlie m::nn(r dcscril c-i, 'ami in a wry exhausted ft: t?. He had been lied up ilnre nrnrly furty-i igl.i hour', urd, hod he not b« n -iif c-ivi red sonn, he would in all prol-.aliility hare perished from Maivation nud exposure to the weather. He had nmnnged to nearly gnaw through the rope which bound his hand*, hut Ilis strength h«d f«ileil him in doing this. Ills sufferings through the long drer.ry il.iys and nights uiiist have l)« n intense, and ran be more easily iinngined than desi-ribed. The lad hns pivin a description of the two scoundrels, ond Mr. Coulson oficrs a reword ..f £20 for their apprehension. It is to be hopid that they will be captured and sevonly punishel. A police report fr-m Balhrat shows how Companies mav bo Pl.f. nn (li\i.lr-ni!s nni.l nn.l dishonest promoters msy be prosecutci. With out in judging a cafe yet undecided, we mny yet pr.jnounceupoD sworn teftimony, wbii-h lias reference riithiT lo the matter thnn to the in dividuals. Franklyn Gold Mining Compsny at Bnllarat recently advanced eonsidcrahly in public estimation. Within a lew weeks two dividends, amounting together to twenty live fhillingB per »hare wore paid ; the scrip ad vanced proportionately in value. What they were wurih at the beginning of January we cannot fay, but by the middle of the month the price was £0, and, subsequently, £15. This was owing to the dividend*, which, it turns put, wire pnid, not Irom the gold jield, bnt from the b*uk overdraft. The persons now under prose cution wire directors at the time. They ordered that the receipts from the' mine should not he dis. loseii, and some of them et least 6old out thtir interest nt the advanced value. There is reason to believe that this sort rf thing is ex tensively practised, and if so, it ought to be exposed nnj punished. A charge of paving dividends before paying up a bank overdraft was some time bj;o brought Bgainst the direc tors of the All Nations claim at Wood's Point. But in thnt rase thi-re was no fraudulent design, and a consult. ruble portion of the existing debts bad been liquidated. It is, therefore, to be dis tinguished irom that under review. Some legis lation will probably be necessary to secure the public against tlie frauds of mining speculators. PBAiSEViOBTnr. — Messrs. Degravrs snd Co. have set nn example worthy of hII praise incon nection with the late bush-fires, as appenrs from the following advertisement in the local papers :—' Notice. — Those farmers who have lost so severely hy the late firus being indebted to uk, arc requested to call ar.d obtain receipted accounts. W. Depraves nnd Co., Cirapaspe and Moi.tpellicr Mills, March 10, 1665.' The following is the copy of a circular issued by the committee of ladies appointed to make arrangements for setting on font a new expedi tion in search of the explorer Leichardt : — ' Melbourne, Sth March, 1865.— The recent discovory hy Mr. M'Intyre of new and im portant traces -if Leichardt in Northe.-n Aus tralia having revival public interest in his sad fate, bis countryman, Dr. Mueller was induced to deliver a lecture in this city, on the 9th ult., with the object of initiating measures for a re newed search for that distinguished and intrepid explorer. It was resolved at that meeting to form a representative committee of 16 ladies, two from each religious denomination, to under take the taek of collecting the necessary funds. To this call we have responded, aud we ear nestly beg that you will kimlly aid iib in our ef fort. We particularly solicit your attention to the accompanying address by Dr. Mueller, in which he inostfeelingly and^loquintlysetsforth the importance of the object and the probability uf still finding further truces of Lricuarjt. It is estimated that a bam of nut less than £3000 will be required to fit out a suitable party and inain taiu it in the field for a period of two years. The proposed enterprise is one which we feel assured will engage tlie sympathy not only of all the Australian culouiun, but of the whole civi lised wcirM, and it is not our intention to limit our t-'ffurts to Victoria alone. Queensland, we think, owes must to the lamonted Leichardt, and we confidently trust that she will ehow her solicitude for Australia's honour, and redeem her debt to her great explorer by contributing a large share of the amouut required. It will be our endeavour to enlist the sympathy of the ladies nf England, and to secure the co-operation of the leading scientific societies throughout the world. Remembering th« deep debt of grati tude we owe this illustrious hern, we venture to make this appeal to you, feeling assured that you will not refuse us your kind and liberal aid. We have the honour to be, yours faithfully, Marie Bnnny, Jane Cutt*, .Rebecca Nordt, S. Harker, E. Tierney, Elvina Rintel, Mary Ann G. Fmser, E. F. Brumby, Margaret F. Thomas, Margaret Hetherington, Mary £. Wilkir, Jane W. Embling, Elizabeth Tester, and Sarah Hor witx. The fa vonr of an early answer is respect fully requested, addressed to Mrs. Cutts, hon. treasurer, 119 William-street ; or to any lady of committee.' A monster meeting of tbe protectionists was held in Melbourne on Mondny night, ia the Exhibition Building, for the purpose of peti tioning the Legislative Council to pass the tariff recently approved by the Legislative Assembly. The Age says, ' There could not hare been frss than 5000 people present, and the proceedings were throughout characterised by an amount of disreputable. opposition which has probably never been exceeded at the most disorderly of Melbourne politics! meetings. An immense crowd of people had assembled outside the building long before the doors were opened, and it was soon apparent that an organised at tempt would be made to obstruct tlie proceed ing', which were avowedly ir.t nied as a coun (? r demonstration to the free trade meeting of Friday afternoon. The building wai crowded almost to suffocation before eight o'clock, gnd the series of interruptions which were intended to frustrate the .objects of the meeting were commenced before the chairman had been ap pointed. Toe first effert at annoyance was the epi inkling of cayenne pepper, or some teasing compound, from the galleries in the neighbour hood of the platform. This very ranch dis tressed the speaker*, as well as half the people in the building, and at times it was difficult to breathe. One or two persons were caught in the act of throwing some irritating mixture about, and were removed by the police. Alter tbe commencement of the proceeding*, several rot ten eggs, one of which struck Mr. Kyte, were tbio«n ; and, but for the activity of a few., policemen, in tbe charge of Inspector Hare, it was evident that more pre-arranged scheme* for creating disorder would have been carried out Tbe meeting was almost entirely in the hands of a large body of stevedores, who came up from Sandridge, and who, under the direc tion of two or three well known persons, acting as leaders, in different parts of the building, by repeated demonstrations of the noisiest descrip tion effectually prevented the sneakers being beard. The proceedings lasted about an hour, but only an occasional disjointed sentence was audible at any time, and it was quite: impossible to give anything like a full report of the speochw. Notwithstanding, however, tha at tempts made to pack the meeting, and the disorder kept np in the assemblage, a resolution approving of the tariff, and a petition for pre sentation to the legislative Council on its be half, were adopted by overwhelming majorities; ,«nd, the address over, tbe people dispersed in tolerable quietness. Wemysi Jobson, who con tributed bis quota to tbe interruptions, and had been forcibly expelled tbe meeting, was, *.t the oloteof tbe proceedings, followed by a large crowd disposed to use him rather ronghly. The police, in order to take care of him, put bim in a cab and drove rapidly down William-street, but before the had gone far, some people hang ing on to the steps succeeded in pulling him out. He was then escorted by a few friends down Collins-street, a mob still following. Arrived at tbe Criterion Hotel, Jobson went Into one of the upper rooms and attempted to address the crowd from the window, bnt he wss not allowed to do this, and his friends then removed him, a large number of people still following, and the police still keeping a watchful eye over the pro I coinmitttd. The n.iifu :n t;:e streets procccilina from a hrjic body of men »ho were :t ti;e ! rnct:!:nj mr.rthing throuph the town had not died away until long nftc-r the lights in tho Exhibition buildinp had lieen rKlinguiflioi.'' Massacre of One Hvnuekd and fore Men. — The Chattanooga Gazette of Friday, November 25, says — ' A company bearing the, title of the Georgiau Home Guards have been rendering good service to the Union cause in the upper counties of (j'eorgia during the past six months. The band was composed principally nf deserters from the rtl-cl army — wen who have been conscripted info tho rebel ranks nnd subse quently escaped — and a number of citizens of Murray, Walker, and Catoosn. counties, Georgia, and were commanded by Colonel Asliworth, eif Walker county. They had been out on a scout for several days, and had captured and picked up several squads of rebel prisoners, among whom waa a colonel. On their return they did not pre serve as good order and discipline as they should have done, and the homes of many of them being in that section eif the coun try, considerable straggling ensued. When near Eltjay, about ninety-five miles north east of Daiton, last Friday, they were sur prised by a force of rebels, under the com mand of Tom Polk Kdmondson. This rebel force is composed in the greater part of members of the 1st Tennessee infantry, who got out from their main army at the beginning of the campaign List spring, and have remained iu that country ever since. The Home Guards numbered 125 men, while the rebel force consisted of over 300. Finding that they were surrounded, and that escape was impossible, the Home Guards surrendered, aud then 'ensued the fearful part of tho tragedy. The K.ost of these men being deserters from the rebel army, as we stated above, and all of them being well known as having acted as guides for our forces, the rebels determined to show them no mercy. Taking the pri soners off into the wood a short distance, their inhuman captors shot or hung all but twenty one of them. After the commission of this savage and unparalleled butchery, the monsters departed for their retreat in the mountains, taking their remaining pri soners, includhg Colonel Ashworth, with them. On the road one of the prisoners managed to escape, and made his way into Daiton, where he made the above statement to the Provost Marshal It is supposed that our authorities will be able to effect an exchange of Colonel Ashworth for the rebel Colonel whom the Home Guards had captured and sent into Ca.1 houn. A flag of truce for that purpose was to have left Calhoun last Sunday. It is tn be hoped that these ' beasts ' may get caught and have their just deserts meted out to them. No quarter should be shown to the perpetrators of such an act of inhu manity and bloodshed.' Victor Emakuel Descended from a. Pope. — It is not less odd than, perfectly true that his present Italian Majesty has Papal blood in his veins, and is the lineal descendant of a Pontiff who figures under the name of Felix V. This very day (Jan. fi\ ia tllA nntiivprcarir 'f fliA aVt/9i/tn4-«^n in 144-0 of Amadcus VIII., Duke of Savoy, who became a hermit in the Alps, and handed over the temporal 'sceptre to his son. Tbe Council of Bale happened shortly afterwards to discrown and depose by its supreme authority the objectionable Pope of that period, Eugene IV., whereupon that assembly tendered the vacant tiara for the acceptance of the ex-Ducal monk and succeeded in overcoming his reluctance. He ruled the Western Church with average ability and prudence uudcr adverse circum stances, and his legitimate descendant is on the throne of Italy. — Globe's Paris Letter. Enigma. — A few week's since the follow ing enigma was sent to the Queen newspa per by a person who stated that neither he nor his friends had been clever enough to discover the solution, though they had the puzzle two or three years in their posses sion : — Uimself he stood beside himself, And looked into the sen, And in himself hc saw himself, And wondered mightily. And when himself within himself He saw himself go round, Into himself he threw himself, And in himself was drowned. ' . Now if it had not been liimself, But any beast beside, Himself lie might he ve cut himself, Nor iu himself have died. The last issue of our contemporary Las the following answer from a contributor ? — ' The solution of tbe clever riddle is, ' A Neddy aud an Eddy.' I have always seen it answered thus, and believe it to be correct' Akti-Bantijjg. — We rise from the perusal of Mr. Banting's pamphlet with our beliel quite unshaken in the value of bread and potatoes as ordinary and uiiiveraal articles of diet We -maintain the excel lency and innocency of porridge and peas pudding ; and we see no reason for sap posing that any one will become a Jeshu run because he uses milk with his tea, and sweetens it with a lump of sugar. Starch and sugar are eminently nutritious, but they are not therefore unwholesome ; on. the contrary, if used in moderation, they will promote longevity, and prevent many of those diseases which the copious consump tion of flesh is exceedingly apt to engender. Mr. Banting has certainly found a remedy for the complaint which weighed so heavily on his spirits ; but we feel assured that he would have found the same measure of re lief had he simply exercised some control over his appetite, given his - stomach more time to digest Tjy lessening the inordinate number of his meals, abstained altogether from beer, and resolutely steeled his heart against the temptations of the pastry cook. We advise no one, whatever be his weight or girth, to adopt implicitly the system re commended by Mr. Banting, at least until he has tried the effect of a temperate mixed diet (the vegetable element preponderating) combined with early hours and a due amount of exercise. We have no sympathy with the vegetarians who decry the use of animal food, and believe that Nebuchad nezzar's hallucination in the way of pas turage was prompted by a natural instinct; but we are assured there is no instance on record of death ensuing from the use of farinaceous food, whereas close behind be hind the carnivorous gorger stalks the hideous form of appolexy, ready to smite him down when his stomach is full, and the veins of his forehead distended with indulgence in his fleshy lusts. A mixed diet is the best ; and after all that has been said and written on the subject, Tempe rance is the one thing needful to secure a j man against the evil* of inordinate obesity, j Blackwood'i Magazine, \ ^??SSSSSSBSSlSSSSaSSlSllSISSSSSSSSSHSiSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSI nt lean Rf :n i,« i::ur-; ma. urrv.l in ll.c su burbs '{ P-ris ;!.e i:iln-r lii'V. Tuc .] .'eased K'I9 B (.t'-n..l!-.'t?r, .1JX-.1 1M, a'll.-itiru -A LlOUf, ?'!.o was Mllii'itil wiih «!:at medical tni-n call ! liu'iuiy, or insatiable hunger. His earnings be ii- altogether insufficient to SRtiffy hie enormous appetite, though be ate scarcely anything lut Lrcad, his follow workmen used to contribue to wards his snpiort, but wearied with hunieninp his friend*, and worn ont by his sufferings from the presence i-f tajnia, -wlijcli aggravated his hunger, he r.tlast came to the dtffptrale resolu ticu i.f hunting hinifiif, --nd t unw-iled in iffect ina his purriPRi'. Tlic annals of meiicir.e record many insmm i p nf il-.ia disease, bulb iu am-ient : ami nioiii-rn 1'oiw, but tlie most ri-iinii kal'lc ca.-e nf lite years was i hat of a »-.m:ni mimed Aune j Dinise* who died in i'aris only * fi-ir yiars -inci'. j This unfortunate pereen was afll uted with 1 ul- j niiny from hi'r infinry, nnd while still « j-oang girl Ufeii to devour ne niucb a? ten pounds ot breiid daily. Though rot in indigent ciri'iim stanrce she was trice arrested for stenling Iiread to s:itisf}' hir burger. She was at length ad mitted into Silpi-tiiirp, but lo r.o purpose, for she lift the Sulpi trii-re as voracious as over. H«r Imngir larit.i in inlcnnty ; ul ordinary times she cou!d manage with twelve poun.'s of brrad per day, but fnr Ihn e or four months of the year she wwiLi cut from twenty to twerty four pounds ; nnd fur U-n consoeutiue yours hi r »p| elite was greatly aggravated in Spring. On one occasion, when she had thought of keep ing Goml Friday .\s a fast day the ate more thnn thirty pounds of food in tu'CDty-four hours. As Fhe nilvauccJ in years bir appetite became ?lepravrd, and site took a liking for i;ra=s and flou-tri1, espirinlly buttercups of which fhe would ei't an iniincnFO quantity. To nliere the colic caused hy this uniiatiiml fund she urei to drink brandy, of which she became inordi nately fond, snl at last iliid a few bours after taking a wliolj litre at once. Whi n on her death-bed, and unable to take food, she begged her ei:-t( r to come and cat near her, nnd her last words wire — '? Since it pli'ases (jod that I rhall eat no more, let me at least have the pleasure of seeing you cut.' It is a r- irurkalile fncl that on a post mortem exninin:itii.n her stomach « as found to be - xci elinyly email, while hi r liver was uuuEuully large, and nil her other visci-ra quite found and of normal e'ze. — Galig- Hani's Messengfr, Of Mr. Dick--u's Christmas number of All the Tear Itovnd ve are :nformcd thnt no lets than 1 80,000 copies x-eredisposednf vrithinfDrty c-iyht hnurs aficr |-uh]ii'titinn, nnd that up to Tuesday, the 6th, 20(1,000 copies in all had been handed over the counter.— London Re view. Messrp. Trubncr & Co. announce for publica tion 'A Jewish Ueply to Bi;hop Colcnso on the Pi.'ntntcuch,' hy the Jewish Association for the Diffusion of Christian Knowledge. A Bi-lfast pnp-r has the following :—'M. r ricil, at Jianseraip, Dnnbeaib, hy the IUv Samuel Campbell, on Friday, John Sutherland, to Elizabith Sutherland, their united ages being about 130 years. The wedding u as attended by the children and grandchildren of the bride gioom, now entering the married stale fora third time with a woman who has once before t: ited of its bliss.' In the ScottiEh Court of Session, Mr. Camp bell Smith, with whom was the Lord advocate, applied tint Major Yulverton should be put upon his oath in relation to the whole facts and circumstances connected with the marriage vhiili Miss Longvrorth alleged took place be twi- tn her and himself. The nppulicatioo was rcsiBied on the part of Major Yelvcrton by the Solicitor-General and Mr. Millar, mainly on the ground that the granting of the application would requfrc Major Yelverlon to answer ques tions in a way that might subject him to the criminal charge of bigamy, and might imperil the status of his present wife and the legitimacy of their children. The argument was. adjourned for « few day?. 