Monday In Ssndhnmt was the hottest, the dustiest, the most miserable, and the most unbearable day we have bad for many seasons. Early In the day a fierce hot wind com menced to blow, driving an atmosphere like the blest from a furnace in the face ef any one who had to go Into the street. While scorching the unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, the wind wasstrong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the town clerk's from the surface of the streets, and in addition to being half scorched by the hot wind one was totally blinded by the clouds of dust Between two and three o'clock the thermometer marked 106° in the shade in Pall Mall, while about that time large bush-firee were observed in nearly every direction aroond Sandhurst. The glare from the bush-fires was distinctly visible on the horizon round about the town. A large fire, which appeared to be bnrning in the direction ot the Upper Sheepwasb, threw up a reflection which led many to believe that a large fire was consumiug some of the houses situated in the southern portion of Sandhurst; while another large fire to tlie eastward also illumi nated the sky in that direction. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmosphere took place, and after one or two threatening showers, the rain commenced to come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it oeased. The ale did considerable damage amongst frail buildings. Between twelve and one o'dook, the gale seemed to be blowiog its bardeet, and at that time the roof of Jones's Brewery, M'Crae-etreet, wss blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr. Se vern's dwelling, Bernal- street, was also citried away by the wind. One of the front win dows of the Mechanics' Institate was blown right in, and fell on a beautiful specimen of coral in a glass Case, both of which were smashed. The bush-firee were unprecedented in the memory of the oldest resident. We were informed by a gentleman who arrived from Echnca by the evening train, that the whole of the bush in the neighbourhood of Goornong, and indeed on both sides of the line from Bunnymede to the latter-named place, was burning fiercely. In the direction of Huntly, and between there and the Whip stick, there were bush fires; away towards Mjers'-flst Immense bodies of smoke and flames were to be seen throughout the day, and again in the direction of Bullock Creek and Lock wood there were extensive tires. To the north-east a large fire was also visible, but at a great distance. Tho appearance of the horizon around Sandhurst before the rain began to fall was remarkable, for In every direction fires lit up the dark cauopy of clouds with a lurid glare. We have not heard whether any damage to property has been caused In the vicinity of Sandhurst; but we fear that such extensive conflagrations must have involved valuable property to a considerable extent. Those who were In the colony on Black Thursday must have been struck with the similarity of yesterday to that memorable day. There was the same fitrce, rushing, hot, north wind, the sky and the surrounding landscape obscured by the smoke of innumerable fires and the dusk and at night the grateful change of a cool breeze from the south, with refreshing showers. 