MONDAY'S DESTRUCTIVE FIRES. Full particulars have not yet readied as of the damage done by the destructive fire which broke out on Monday on the run belonging to Messrs Lear month. Ail the grass has been destroyed, and, aa has been reported, about three thousand sheep, be sides fences and other property. We hope tho rumor about the sheep is an exaggeration. On Mon Jay bush fires were raging fiercely in tho parish of Cardigan, in almost every direction, and but for the praiseworty and energetic assistance of a number . ot miners from Bunker's Hill, who worked hard until 10 p.m. to extinguish the flames, the property of Mr Thomas Lloyd, and that of several other resi dents, would have been totally destroyed. By our Creswick Police report it will be seen that on Tuesday two men were charged with having BO carelessly used firo in a paddock at Smeaton, as to causa the destruction of the property of Mr Paul Madden. As it was proved tho men had not ne glected the stipulated precautions, and the mischief was unavoidable on their part, they were discharged. A fire lighted by Mr Ivey on Monday, at Glen donald, for the purpose of stubble burning, is said to have been the cause of two stacks of wheat, contain ing about 1300 bushels, belonging to Mr Charieson, b-'ing destroyed, besides a lot of his fencing, as also the fences of Messrs Pearcy and Rickey. A fire which started in Crevena's paddock, at Spring j Hill, on Monday, caused the destruction of about 40 [ eiiains of fencing belonging to Mr Coffey. The fire spread to Mr Trethowen's property, but was then stopped through tlie exertions of the neighbors. The fire in Bullurook Forest had by midnight on Sunday reached close to Messrs Clark's saw-mills and the.firm immediately put on forty men to guard the premises from the incursions- of tho flames. Their efforts were attended with success. The large building on the Buninyongroad known as the Grammar School wa3 nearly destroyed on Monday. It was only saved by tho vigorous exer tions of about forty men, who turned out from f),e neighborhood and beat down the flames, which were fast spreading over the grass close to the building. Many of the young trees which line the road in this part were also ignited and partially destroyed. The fire extended for some distance along the r&nces; on both sides of the road, and no doubt, had it not been for the timely fall of rain ia the evening, it would hare caused a considerable amount of damage. All over the country fire seems to have had the mastery on what is now being called BIack Monday. The Daylesford Express of Tuesday reports:-"At 4 p.m. Mr Tredinnick, of the saw mill, arrived in post haste for the assistance of the Fire Brigade for the preservation of the plant. The forest in that direction was in a blaze, and the flames pouring onwards like a cataract towards the property. Ray s farmhouse at Mount Prospect was totally de stroyed, and Bloom field's premises were burning when the coach passed. The fire seemed to be com ing from Hepburns Lagoon. In the neighborhood of Looby s Hotel also, the bush was burning fiercely A tremendous fire was likewise observable somewhere in the vicinity of Yandoit, and must have done im mense mischief. Living boughs and dead branches were snapped off the trees like twigs and hurled a great distance before reaching the ground. In the township comparatively little damage was done. At six p.m. the wind chopped round to the south, and the smoke became thicker than ever. In fact so dense was the veil, that objects a few hundred' yards off were invisible, and the township seemed on fire. One curious fact was noticed that numbers of large birds instinctively sought refuge in the trees on Wombat Hill, the highest point in the district. The fences, stacks, &c.;, on O'Brien's farm at Light wood Hill have been destroyed; and also those of Westwood's and Campbell's farms. Mackelrov's form houw stacks &c.;, were entirely consumed. Mr O Connell who drove from Castlemaine yester day in a buggy with his wife and children, had great difficulty in getting through safely, both sides of the road between Guildford and Honey's Store being-on fire It is probable that the latter place was burned down before sunset. The Town Clerk lelt Malmsbury yesterday afternoon in a buggy and reported the bush between the Splitter's Flat and the German Coffee House to be in a blaze-a dis tance of four or five miles. About 8 p m., rain began to fall, though we far from the reflection on the horizon that up to the time of our going to press tliB flames had not been extinguished." . The Zea ing:- From half-past eight to four in the after noon, the force of the wind was terrific. Immense clouds of dust swept through the streets obscuring and thT8'- H -reS b,UrniDg a" round tLe town, and the wind blowing like blasts from a furnace fha'n of0* " i m°re, t,W "Spect 01 P«°demonium than of a fit residence for human beings. Of course numbers of frail tenements were dentroyed by the fierce blasts, one house near Sault's Daisy Hill Hotel was blown completely over, and very few build?T,' escaped without losing sheets of iron off theirroofs About four o clock in the afternoon, seme careless persan-a Chinaman is reported-set firo to the Mount Greenock plains, and in the course of a few minutes the whole of the grass, for a considerable distance, was consumed. At one time, when the was spreading over tho Mount the scene was magnificent. The fire ran with great speed through the long thick grass, and aSB the flames fringed the Mount, the scene was grand in! deed. Many cottages erected at the edge of the plain would have been destroyed but for the exer tions of a numoer of persons who left Talbot with a view to render assistance. But for their e-certions the damage done by the fire would have been con siderable. As to the workings at the Mount, tho fare spread as far as the All Nations claim, when miners turned out en masse and stopped the progress of the flames ia that direction. % an old res,dent m Talbot, who was in the colony on the ? Thursday, we are told that the weather yesterday was more intensely hot than on T'llbni-^h lt " cer'airl "lat ^ew °f the residents in ialoot have experienced such weather. At a late hour information reached us that the bush fire at hadcon^'0"? ^eMarj b0r0Ugh and Talbot roads Mr^Quarte'man's rugn.3Uantity °f the bush ,ence °n «? |TllCf 'Of'A' J^aU of 8ame dlUe reports:-" On either side of the railway from Taradale to Moonlight Fht and the Mount the whole country was in a Splete ? . P11'68 10 length of tho railway fencine between Taradale and Elphinstone has been entirely Mr Hu'l Vr Ts1ru,?ored tll!« the property of Mr Hu.l, O.L., had also been completely destroyed Ihe farm of Mr Reynolds, of Taradale, together with valuable ataclca of hay, have been reduced to ashes, and Mr Urquhart's place narrowly escaped. Ihe scene as witnessed from the railway cars is described as being grand in the extreme. Lofty trees were all in flame,, looking in the distance like huge eande abra. The smoke was intolerable, and Uaveliera by tho trains were glad to shut ihe windows to keep the nuisance out. Speakintr Pp ',10, bush flres in the neighborhood of Taradale, a correspondent writes:-" This (Monday) afternoon, the inhabitants of Taradale were terrified by the approach of fire towards the towuship. The fire bell was rung, and the inhabitants turned out en masse. The whole country north and west of Tara dale appeared in one sheet of flames, and the sky was filled with smoke. Tho fire seemed 'to have come from the direction of Mount Alexander consuming everything in it8 course> It Ter' asserted that Messrs Hull, Reynolds and Gillespie had suffered severe losses, and that the estate 0f i rogmore was almost wholly destroyed. The fire to wards nightfall presented a magnificent spectacle M'PM? -ier t?Urre ,re kara tilat tile farm of Mr M Clellau, in the line of fire near the Junction, nar rowly escaped destruction. As it was, two stacks of hay of two tons each were burned. At this place the fire was about one mile in width, and other large farms m the vicinity were placed in great jeopardy. Looking m the direction of Heathcote there is every probability that the bush fire has also committed great ravages in that quarter. At pre sent it is impossible to estimate accurately the extent of the damage done, but it must be very consider n'8|lE Castlemaine was surrounded with 3 f^L°r T\\(511 rather tl,e "flection of burning timber, and the atmosphere was most oppressive and unbreathable. There is no doubt that consider able damage has resulted from these fires. Since the above was written, we have heard that about 18 homesteads, lying between the Mount and the June tion, have been totally destroyed. Mr Dninfv nnA Mr White have been considerable logers bythffire and it w reported that the child of Mr Thomas was aulakiZT A ValUaMe raceh0rB0 wfri0? h'G Adwtiser of the same date we extract the following» Mount Moriac was yes mnmhr-r fSUene° ? conflagration that will be re oTr ^S°rr e by Tany of tho inhabitants fhn It;,wa3 a road bo'»rd day, and during the ei.ting, tao alarm was given that tho whole mount was on fire. The board at once adjourned and each member sallied forth armed with a sack fact toE|mn I a trT' °r anytbinB tl,at caffle first, in Mill* ° . PreveDte,i tlie firo crossing the Mill road in which case a large quantity of easily combustible property would have fallen a prey to honrHT8" M ab0U.t a liun board office some idea might be formed of the extent and rapid progress of the fire. Iu front, on top of the mount a portion of Mr Tindale's vineyard was on fire, but the vines, from tho moisture in them offered a check to the fhmes which were snrrnttZ' over a field of long grass, and here and ther^ no? tions of ths vineyard fence might be aepn h.,»^ Below the vineyard, at the feot of thn mn" J 8" Mr Richifa'g homestead, and as the wind was blowTn3 fiercely in this direction, tho whole of the hniM^ g seemed inevitably dosmed to destru/tinn Tld'°g8 the fire approached tho homes d owever^'th® wind suddenly veered round n"* -i' 'J10 les^aMjswra'as! curling and crackling through the long stubble, towards the Mill road, igniting a large stack of straw and coming right up to the woodwork of the small chapel used by the Bible Christians, From ten to twenty men here worked energetically to beat, the fire down, and by dint of great energy the chapel was saved, bus the smoke was so denso that the men were fairly prostrated by the suffocating vapor. It) the mean time the fire was rapidly rolling onward to the riijlst in the direction of thu Barraboois. A man named Mahoney had only thrashed out his wheat on Satur day, and had some two or three hundred bushels on the ground, the whole of this and nearly the entire homestead were consumed in almost less time than it takes to write it. Mulligan's farm buildings fell next, the houso escaping almost by a miracle. On it went till it reachcd the hollow in the Mill road, where Reuben Clarke's house was situated, there was no time to remove anything, tho dry weather boards seemed to lick up the flames till the whole was in a minute or two in a blaze. Far away to tho righr, as now and then the wind partiully cleared tho atmosphere of the dense smoke bodies of red fire were distinctly visible as of burning build ings or stacks. A Bplitter saw at some distance his hut, in which he had left his wife and child, in flames, and he took the first horse ho could get ond rode to them through fire and smoke, so fierce and suffocating at times that it was dangerous to ap proach it. The damage done is far greater thun can at present be estimated, for it was only from what could be distinctly seen from a distance that cur account is penned, and the fire appeared to be spread ing with considerable rapidity. It appears that on Saturday a fire was kindled by some splitters on the mount, and it is probable therefore that yesterday's disastrous conflagration was owing to the embers then left smouldering. A bush fire was burning last night in the Bellerine district, the reflection of it being visible in the air. A fire was also seen across the Bay in the direction of the Little River. Wo have since heard that it extended over several square miles of grass land, and was approaching tho farms, being within half a milo of the railway station." Tuesday's Bendigo Advertiser has tho following: " The bush fires ivhieh were burning yesterday in every direction around Sandhurst were unprece dented in the memory of the oldest resident of the district. To the southward, in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, and between that and Mount Alexander, the immense volumes of smoke in the day time, and the red glare at night, indicated that an extensive buBh fire was burning, while in a south easterly direction similar appearances told of the progress of fire in that direction. One just beyond the Oue Tree Hill, at the Sheepwash, burnt fiercely last night, and another apparently between the Axe and the Campaspe seemed extensive though further of}. We were informed by a gentleman who arrived from Echuca by the evening train, that the whole of the bush in the neighborhood of Goornong, and in deed on both sides ot the line from Kunnymede to the latter- named place, was burning fiercely. In the direction of Iluntly, and between thero and the Whipstick, there were bush fires ; away towards Myers' Flat immense bodies of smoke and flames were to be seen throughout the day, and again in the direction of Bullock Creek and Lockwood thero were extensive fires. To the north-east a large firo was also visible last evening, but at a great distance off. On the arrival of the train last night from Melbourne we were informed by a gentleman who was a pas senger by the train, that on both sides of the line, all the way from Woodend, the bush was blazing fiercely. On every side of Mount Macedon the tim ber, large and small, was on fire, producing a spec tacle of magnificence and terror. In the locality of Taradale, Elphinstone, and Mount Alexander, tho whole country appeared to be one mass of fire. While the train was stopping a few minutes at Lmctfield, it was stated that two or three valuable farms had been consumed by the fires, which had caught the growing crops and extended to the home steads. 