SUMMARY OF GENERAL AND LOCAL NEWS. When we forwarded our summary of news by the last month's mail, we had to chronicle the fact that we were then in the midst of one of the driest and hottest summers experienced in Victoria for some time. Unfortunately we have almost the same grievous story to reiterate by the present mail. With theexception of a solitary shower or two which fell during the past month, we have had a continuance of the dry weather, and have experienced one or two days of beat, equal to any thing ever experienced in the memory of the oldest colonist. The drought which has taken place, has in no portion of the colony been pro ductive of greater evils than in this district. The evils consequent on the want of water to a mining community, whose labors can only be carried on by a large supply of that element, may easily be imagined. The results have been that every branch of commerce ba3 materially suffered. As may be believed, the interests of the agricultural ists throughout the district, have been injured in an equal degree. The residents in the colony who remembered the fatal " Black Thursday," when the immense bush-fires laid in ruins many a flourishing farm and homestead, found a parallel to that unlortunate day on Monday, the 27th of February, a day which should be marked as black in the annals of Victoria, as Black Thurs day itself. The detailed aceount of the disasters -which will be found in another yortion of our summary-will hardly be credited by the folks in the old country. In consequence ot the serious evils which the want of water has inflicted on this district, the public have taken up the ques tion of a permanent supply, to be obtained by the construction of an aqueduct from the Coliban River, in the neighborhood of Malmsbury, about fifty miles from this place. The scheme had beea previously reported on by three different engineers of considerable ability; but the Govern ment has always been disinclined to carry out the plan, -a plan which would not only benefit in a great degree the district of Bendigo, but every district traversed by the supply, including the large and important one of Castlemaine. The public of the latter district are now agitating on the same question. Public meetings have been held in Sandhurst and in Castlemaine, and petitions to the Legislature are being numerously signed, showing, in forcible ' language, the urgent necessity that exists for the scheme being carried. We have therefore every reason to hope that our cry " water ! water!" will be heeded at last. The advantages which will accrue to the district by such a supply are in calculable, and it is not an unreasonable anticipa tion that when the waters of the Coliban are brought here Bendigo will again become the world's wonder for its auriferous riches. While the public here take an interest in such questions as affect the vital interests of the place, they still find time to agitate in matters of lesser importance. Whether it is the subject of a Four Towns Bill-a proposition for the municipal re generation of Sandhurst- the question of the elec tion of a municipal officer, or the erection of an additional lamp-post in the streets, there are always to be found a sufficiency of persons amongst the community to get up a local sensa tion in the matter. Apropos of the iubject of the Four Towns Bill a few words by way of explana tion may be necessary. It has been framed by the joint talents oi the four Mayors and four Town Clerks of Sandhurst, Ballarat- East and West, and Castlemaine, and it is intended to give the Councils of those towns extended powers for their muni j cipal government, similar to those which have 1 been for some time past granted to Melbourne j and Geclong. The bill, which is now before the Legislative Assembly, has passed its preliminary iirst reading, but is already trembling in the balance between its first and second reading, and so strong is the local opposition raised to it-an opposition which also exists in the Assembly-that it's promoters are anything but sanguine as to the bill becoming law. The early closing movement is making some stir in Sandhurst, and a largely attended meeting of the employes of the various es tablishments was held in the Town Hall, for the purpose of promoting the objects oi the association. The meeting was addressed by several of the ministers of the different denomina tions in the district, and resolutions unanimously uiopted. They were to the effect that, with the exception of Saturday evenings the shops should >e closed every night at seven o'clock instead if eight o'clock, and that instead of closing at five o'clock on Thursday afternoon, as has hitherto been the practice, that two o'clock on that day should be the closing hour. The ma i jority of the shopkeepers are rather obdurate, however, in the matter of conced ing the favor of closing at two o'clock on Thurs days, or closing every night at seven o'clock; so that nothing further has been dene as yet. The nine days wonder caused by the Govern ment capture of the Confederate war steamer, Shenandoah, on the Williainstown slip, has almost died out, since the vessel has been released, and allowed to leave Hobson's 1J;3r unmolested. The Government has hardly added to its reputation for wisdom, by the the absurd manner in which it has conducted itself in this business, and indeed it has been perhaps justly censured lor allowing the "Northern predilections of one of its members,Mr Francis, the principal man in the affair-to in fluence it to the commission of an act, if not a breach of the laws of neutrality, at least, a breach of the laws of hospitality, which have always been held inviolate by Englishmen in the case of stran gers visiting them. ? Following the example of every country town of any importance in the old country, Sandhurst periodically holds an Agricultural and Horticul tural Show, under the auspices of the Society established here a few years ago. At the outset, struggling into existence, opposed bv many diffi culties, the Society is now one of the most flourishing in the colony, and its exhibitions hardly equalled by the shows of the Port Phillip Society-^supposed to be the first in the country. The autumnal show of the Bendigo Society, which was held on Wednesday last, was, although very fair for the season of the year, not. quite so good as previous ex hibitions. The great drought very materially affected many agriculturnl products. The grapes shown, however, eclipsed everything of that class hitherto exhibited either here or elsewhere. There is no doubt that the time is not distant when the Bendigo district will become as widely known as a wine-producing country as in former days it was reputed as a golden district. The annual election of members for the Sand hurst Mining Board took place during the past month. Although there was not so much interest taken in the election as u:ed to he the case some five or six years ago when the Boards were firstestabliahed, it wasapparent that some pub lic importance was attached to this year's election. This was no doubt attributable to the fact, that the Mining Boards will be endowed with more extensive power of legislation by the present Government than they have hitherto possessed. The past month has been signalised by the oc- currence of the mysterious death of a man named John Cooper, who died at the Black Swan Hotel, on the morning of the 11th instant. At the in- quest which was held on the deceased some very strange facts in connection with his death were elicited. It appeared that during the previous evening the landlord of the hotel, Michael Clancy, had quarrelled with, and had struck the de- ceased a couple of times; and after the second time the deceased was Ieft sitting in front of the house. The landlord's evidence was that before closing his house he removed Cooper to bed in a state of semi- consciousness from the effects of drink. Cooper was found dead in his bed next morning - the cause of death being an extensive fracture of the back part of the skull. The coroner's jury have returned a verdict of manslaughter against Clancy, who (on bail) awaits his trial at the next Circuit Court, on the 20th April. At the time the deceased was struck, two other persons named Alfred John Jones and James Power were standing by, and for their non-inteiference the jury held they were acces- sory to the cause of death, and - as the jury ex- pressed themselves - "morally guilty" of the man's death. Two melancholy cases of sudden death have occurred within the month. Mr Abel Newbold, a young man, in business in View Point as a chemist and druggist, was seized with a fit of apo plexy on Wednesday, the 8th March, and died in about half-an-hour afterwards. The second case was that of Mr Richard Francis (of the firm of Francis Brothers), who died on Thursday last, the 23rd instant, after a few days' illness. The record of fatal accidents-principally in mining claims-which have occurred during the month have been very numerous. They are as follow:-On the 24tli February, two men named John Nelson and George Ormrod, were working in a claim at Pottery Flat, when a large quantity of earth fell in on and smothered them. A man named Roberts, who was at work in the same drive, had a very narrow escape with his life. On the morning of the 28th instant, a miner named Henry Roland, was at work in the Rising Sun Company's claim, at Pottery Flat, also, when the timbering of the drive in which he was occupied gave way and crushed him to death. On Friday, the 4th march, a miner named Richard Penglaise, was killed in a claim on Ironstone Hill-within a very short distance of the place where the two previous accidents occurred. On the morning of the 8th March, a miner named William John stone, was working in a drive in a claim on the Wiiliamston Reef, Redan Hill, when a large quantity ot top stone fell in and crushed him to death. 