ITEMS OF NEWS. We regret very much to announce the death, of one of our oldest and best- respected towns- men, Mr Yale, bookseller, of Mostyn-street, and father of Mr Yale, M.L.A. for Ballaarat. For some time past, Mr Yale has been in very in different health, and latterly has been obliged to keep his bed. We do not know the com plaint from which he suffered, but it was of a nature to deprive his friends of all hope of his recovery. He died at about 3 p.m. on Satur day, and we are quite sure all Castlemaine will join with us in expressions of regret for the de ceased and sympathy for his bereaved family. The funeral took place at 3 p.m. yesterday after noon, and was attended by many of the friends of the deceased. Owing to the fact that no no tice had been given as to the time of interment, the cortege was not so extensive as it otherwise would have been. The continued dry weather seems to have been playing havoc with the wheels of the pub lic conveyances, several of which are certainly not in a fit condition to be worked. On Satur day afternoon Mr Best's Guildford coach broke down on its way to that township, the off- fore wheel tumbling to pieces and preventing any further locomotion. The passengers were not seriously inconvenienced, as another conveyance was sent for and they proceeded in safety. We saw no fewer than three carts come to grief dur ing Saturday from the same cause, and yester day a large conveyance, with a party of Ger mans on their way to church, was upset and left on the road in Barker-street, no one being in jured fortunately. On Saturday a scratch match was played by the Guildford and Newstead Quoiting Club at Guildford. Afterwards other matches were played. In the evening a meeting of the club was held at Gaffney's Hotel. There were pre- sent, amongst others, President Dallas, Secretary Munro, Messrs Turvey, McIlwrick, Garner, and Telfer. After some preliminary business had been disposed of, the following new members were proposed, seconded, and received — Messrs Moscrip (chairman of the Campbell's Creek Road Board), W. Dolphin, Strathloddon, S. Atkins, Strangways, J. Yallance, Yandoit, J. Williams, F. Bond, Vaughan, R. A. G. Richard- son (this gentleman's name had been accident- ally omitted some months previous, but he had been considered a member from the first), T. Ireland, Strangways, R. Rennie, W. Yule, Ya- peen, A. Kinnon, Sandon. It was proposed by Mr Turvey, aud seconded by Mr Morrison, that the secretary write to the treasurer, Mr Tregon- ning, and request him to be present at the next meeting and bring up a financial report. Some discussion then ensued about a quoit match that was to be played. It was finally decided that it should be played during Easter week. The se- cretary was instructed to communicate with the secretary of the Collingwood Club. Mr McIl wrick suggested, as an incentive to encourage quoit playing, that the club should be divided into rinks. It was mentioned that Mr George Farroll, the well-known watchmaker of Castle maine, had expressed an intention of giving to the club a cup or medal, to be played for by its members. It was decided to request Mr Far roll to let his gift assume the form of a medal. An unanimous vote of thanks was ordered to be sent to Mr Farroll, and he was to be informed that he had been made an honorary member of the club. The business of the meeting being at an end, those present resolved themselves into a committee to relieve the distress occasioned by the bush fires. It will be seen by our advertising columns that the good people of Guildford are alive to the distress existing through the late calamitous bush fires, and have called a public meeting for Fri day next, to take means for relieving the distress which exists near them. We simply hope that other localities will follow the example set by Guildford. Mr E. Shields, of Chewton, writes to us as follows - "In your issue of Saturday you made a mistake in placing two 5s. instead of £5 5s., in the contribution list, towards alleviating the sufferers by the late bush fire disaster ; if you will please rectify you will oblige." The Committee of the Agricultural Society are exerting themselves in arranging for the show, which will take place on Tuesday, and the affair promises to be a success. The booth pri vileges were sold by Mr D. Wallace, on Satur day, and realized altogether about £10. Mrs Watson was the highest bidder for the right of providing refreshments, and the fruit stands fell to the lot of Mr Hirschi. No doubt the ex treemly unseasonable weather of the last few months will militate against the quantity and quality of the exhibits, but in judging of the display this fact must be taken into account. On Saturday we were shown a very excellent pair of harrows manufactured by Mr Stephens, blacksmith, of Yapeen. The harrows are made of the best Crown brand of iron, and the work manship is really first-class. The maker intends exhibiting them at the Agricultural Show, on Wednesday, and we shall be much surprised if the exhibit does not attract attention, for we learn from Mr Stephen that he can manufacture these instruments at a cost of about £2 less than that of the imported article of equal quality. This does not look as if the blacksmiths at least require protection. A gentleman from Taradale informed us last evening, that some rich quartz specimens were on Saturday obtained from the Leviathan Com pany's claim. We were on Friday last shown some very promising stones from the same ground through which gold was visibly distri- buted. Early yesterday morning we were again tan talised with the promise of rain in abundance. The sky was completely overcast with dense masses of clouds which actually commenced to discharge themselves. A smart shower which lasted but a very short time was, however, the only result, for the wind sprang up and blew the welcome clouds " over the hills and far away." We are informed that there is a probability of the Amateur Minstrels giving a performance to increase the funds for the relief of the Suf ferers by the bush fires. We should be glad to be able to announce this more authoritatively, both from the treat the entertainment will afford and the conviction that the end sought would be certainly attained. We remind our readers, that the dejeneur and ceremony in connection with the opening of the Lady Darling claim at Taradale, will take place to-day at 3 p.m. Invitations have been sent to a considerable number of gentlemen, residing both in Melbourne and Castiemaine, and the affair promises to be quite imposing. At the late meeting held at Chewton for the relief of sufferers by the bush fires of Monday last, Mr T. L.. Brown, one of the speaker's, showed the necessity of active interference to prevent the impounding of strayed cattle by stating that on the day of the conflagration he, in company with the Rev. Mr Pitman, took re fuge in the Elphinstbne pound, and that while there the poundkeeper remarked, " It's an ill wind that blows no one any good," and that cattle were at that time, with the fire raging around, being driven in to the pound. We have no reason to doubt Mr Brown's veracity ; on the contrary, a man in the body of the meeting in formed the Chairman that his five horses had been impounded, and that the poundkeeper re fused to give them up. Mr Stirling (himself a great loser by the fire) very kindly said he would pay the fees and release them. It is lam entable to think that Mr Stirling's benevolence should have only served to aggrandise the pound keeper. From Friday night's Government Gazette we glean the following :- The intestate estate of James Brown, of Muckleford, who died on the 5th of January, was placed under the charge of the Curator on Feb. 2nd. The estate is esti mated at £50. A committee meeting of the Newstead Agr- cultural Society was held, on Friday evening, at the Bridge Inn, Newstead. There were present — Messrs Brebner (in the chair), Nomens, Ross, Farquharson, McNab, Hamilton, Sainsbury, Mcllwrick, and Kirwan. Minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was read from the Eddington Agricultural Society, applying for the services of a judge of imple ments. The opinion of the meeting was that the request could not be complied with, in conse quence of the distance and the date of their own show. Another letter was read from the Board of Agriculture, enclosing two admission tickets for the Ballaarat National Grain Show, and the secretary was instructed to dispose of them at his discretion. Stewards were then appointed to carry out the necessary arrangements on the day of the show — Mr Slee to assist the secretary, Mr McIlwrick for horses, Mr Farquharson for cattle and swine, Messrs Ross and McNab for implements and machinery, Messrs Telfer and McKenzie for hay, grain and potatoes, Messrs Nomens and Turvey for garden and dairy pro duce, wine, ale, &c.;, and Messrs Brebner and Barge to issue tickets for entrance at the door. Tenders for the booth and dinner were then opened. For the booth — Mr Joyce, £4; Mr Richardson, £4 2s 6d. That of Mr Richardson was accepted, the committee however consider ing that both were far too low. For the dinner — Mrs Marsden 7s a head, and Mr Richardson 4s 6d. Mrs Marsden's tender was accepted; Last year, this society and the All England Eleven held their sports on the same day, thus, considerably injuring the former, but on the present occasion the committee are very sau guine that the show will attract a numerous attendance. In order to enliven the scene a first-class band has been engaged, and no doubt the ladies will avail themselves of the opportu nity thus afforded them of enjoying a real farmer's holiday. The day is to be ended by a jovial supper provided by Mrs Marsden. Mr Marks, of Yapeen, on Friday evening for mally opened his public house by inviting the public to a supper, and a great number availed themselves of the opportunity thus offered, not only to pay their respects to the popular land lord, but to congratulate each other on at last having a suitable place to accommodate the public. Public houses are invariably indices of the social character of the localities in which they are situ ated, and it is well known the Yapeen Hotel has been notorious, but now, under new manage ment, reformed, transferred, and purified, it is likely to earn a good name. Like all new be ginners, Mr Marks fearing to fail, and knowing the value of first impressions, got up a splendid supper, which had full justice done it. The fruit, which was supplied by Mr Cross, was the subject of general remark, in variety, size, and flavor, would compare with agricultural ex hibits, another proof of the fecundity of our soil. The evening was spent in true convivial style, thus ending the baptism of the hotel. We regret to hear that Captain Smith, R.N., and family, had a very narrow escape during the late fire. As it was, his fences and stacks at Langley, have been entirely destroyed, and but for the exertions of the smalll band of men who were on the spot, assisted by the ladies, and a fortunate change of wind, nothing could have saved the house. Indeed, from the manner in which the fire surrounded the homestead, it seems a marvel that the lives of the inmates were not sacrificed Mr. Ploos Van Amstel, the Dutch Consul, who was at the time on a visit to Captain Smith, did incalculable service by directing the energies of the men, and working desperately himself. The Market Inspector on Saturday collected upwards of £26 towards the Bush- fire Relief Fund, £20 of which was subscribed by the stall holders in the market. The Chewton committee are indeiftigable in their efforts to obtain sub scriptions. The Mayor and Mr H. Norman, J.P., have collected £36 ; Messrs Meredith and Butler, £17 ; Messrs Woodall and Coy, £9 9s ; Mr Edwards, £7 10s. The Oriental Bank has headed a list with £10 10s, and we observe that different persons have added other £10 10s to it. We sincerely hope that this measure of success will serve not only to stimulate the laudable efforts of those who have undertaken the onerous task of collection, but also the charitable instincts of all who have not yet contributed to an object worthy of illimited sympathy. The Bendigo Advertiser reports another fatal accident at Ironstone Hill : — The locality of Ironstone Hill, Epsom, appears to be under the influence of some fearful fatality. On Friday another miner, named Richard Penglaze, met with his death in one of the claims situated on Ironstone Hill, belonging to Sampson Davey. From the few particulars which reached us the same night, it appears that the deceased was working in a drive, when a large quantity of earth fell on him. Assistance was speedily ob tained, and willing hands were not long in re moving the earth sufficiently to get the man out ; but it was then evident that he had been dead for some time. The body was removed to Foot's Hotel, at Epsom, where an inquest was held on Saturday. Deceased, who was an old resident at the White Hills, leaves a wife and family to deplore his loss. This is the third ac cident, involving the loss of four lives, which has occurred in the same locality within the last seven days. It may be that the long-continued dryness of the season has something to do with the ground caving in, that being the main cause of the other two accidents. Remarking on the meetings recently held in Castlemaine and Sandhurst, re Water Supply, the Argus says " It is to be regretted that the necessity so forcibly felt in summer is lost sight of as soon as the autumn rain sets in. If the views of the people of the country districts on this subject were expressed less intermittently, the Government would perhaps treat the matter with more earnestness than they have hitherto done." The Bendigo Advertiser, says " In addition to the prizes already advertised by the Society, the Messrs Blyth, of Sandhurst and Malmsbury, will present a gold medal for the best sample of wheat, Messrs Buckley will also present £5 for the same exhibit, and the committee have also decided to offer an extra prize of £5 for the best sample of Victorian wine, any vintage, whether made by grower or otherwise, and have determined to reduce the bulk of the samples of wines from 28 gallons to six bottles representing. 28 gallons, this condition to apply all the sections, in the wine class.— Other additions will be made, so we are given to un sderstand, of which due notice will be given. The committee meet on Tuesday next, the 8 th instant, to make their final arrange ments with regard to judges, letting booths, etc. As, on Friday, the storeman of Mr Ustick, of Chewton, was riding through Golden Point, the horse he was on at the time commenced buck ing, and threw its rider with such violence as to seriously fracture one of his arms. Mr T P Hill, whose name is now so well known through the colonies, has announced his intention to open a " vocal gymnasium," and Lyceum for elocution, in the large hall of the Victoria Grammar School. The Dublin Central Committee for the promotion of the Irish National Monument to O'Connell have written acknowledging the receipt of £1000, the contribution sent from the colony of Victoria, and expressing their grateful thanks to the subscri bers, the chairman treasurer, and honorary secre tary. The Bendigo Advertiser mentions the following extraordinary escape of a prisoner " A few days ago the Bailiff of the County Court had occasion to proceed some miles into the bush, for the purpose of making an arrest, and he took a cab with him in which he might bring back his prisoner. The arrest was made, and the man was placed in the cab. The Bailiff, seeing everything secure as usual, got in the cab with the prisoner, and at once proceeded on his road homewards to the Sandhurst Gaol, in which his charge once deposited, there could afterwards be no anxiety for his safety. The " charge," how ever, was not satisfied with the prospect, for, having travelled quietly for some distance, by a sudden spring, and taking the Bailiff completely unawares, he threw himself out of the cab, falling on his face on the ground. He was quickly on his feet, and before the cab could be stopped was at least forty yards ahead, and at last succeeded in hiding himself so well that he eluded the vigilance of those in search of him, making good for this time his escape. He probably will not play the same trick twice." In the libel action Brooke v. Syme, we (Herald), understand that the defendant has made an apology at the last moment, and that Mr Fellows will make a public statement to that effect in court. 