MOUNT REMARKABLE. I From our own CorrespondenLl Melrose, November 11. Tho funeral of the late Mr. G. B. Smith, B.M., took place on Wednesday' morning, November 8, the procession leaving Melrose at about 10 o'clock and arriving at the Cemetery in the following oruer:-inc corpse on a car— hignteen brethren 01 the Loyal New Melrose oddfellows' Lodge as chief mourners, walking two and two, in the mourning sashes of the Order— Mr. C. U. Pearson, J.P., aud Dr. Bcwickc, surgeon to the Lodge Eight gentlemen, tradesmen, two and two-Tho Rev. T. Nowell Twopcny, M.A.-Mr. C. H. Smythe, Clerk of the Local Court, followed by a number of gentlemen and others, amounting in all to about 45. The Rev. H. Howitt joined the mourners at the grave. The burial ser/ice was read in an impressive and solemn manner by the Rev. T. Nowell Twopeny. The Oddfellows' funeral address was read by Mr. Guilford Gray, the first part in the Loageroom and the second part over the grave, after the custom of the Order, of which the deceased was an honorary member. Tbe sad circumstance of Mr. Smith's death cast a melancholy clooin over the place. Many persons were doubtless prevented from attending tho funeral by the necessarily Bhort notice, and some few by the busy times at the stations. We have just experienced a great loss in the de parture of Mr. C. H. Pearson, J.f ?, who is intend ing to leave tho colony. During his short stay amongst ub he has earned for himself the sincere regards of many and the respect of all with whom he came in contact by his kindness, affability, and courtesy. Ab a Magistrate he was just and im partial, and as a townsman showed that he had tbe welfare of the place at heart. For several Sundays, between the changes of curates, he acted as lay reader, giving two services a day at the Court House, winch must have been a heavy tax on a man who hod come out for a holiday to regain his health. He takes with him the Rood wishes of all. and had times been more prosperous the people of Melrose would probably have given him a farewell dinner or some other public acknowledgment of esteem before his departure; but in the present state of affairs no ions has spirit to start any such movement. I have been informed that Mr. Tolmer, jun., has been appointed Crown Lands Ranger of this district, in the room of Mr. McKliister. The summer has now fairly set in with intense heat, and bushfires are already prevalent. Small fires have occurred on the Jiartygunia and Wirrab bara Runs, and for tbe last two or three days there has been every appearance of large conflagrations on Crystal Brook, Booyoolee, Bundaleer, and Ca nowie. Last night there seemed to be signs of fire in the neighbourhood of Baroota. 