parliament of victoria. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Friday. 5th AIay. The Speaker took the clinir nt hnlf-pnst 4. classification of teachers. Mr. SANDS asked tho lion, tho Chief Secre tary if the Board of Education hud paid any (nnd if so how many! teachers of the late Nntimml Board of Education according to classifications thoy obtained at the last examination held by the National Bonrd on the 4th, 5tli, and Ctli August, Air. M'CULLOCII said that' since tho order of the Governor in Council hail been issued, the clas sification had been attended to. petition. Air. SNODGRASS presented n petition from tho Alelbourne nnd Hohson's Bay Railway Com pany, praying for the suspension of certain stand ing orders. The examiners having reported favourably on <ho petition, no objection was offered to it. notices of motion and questions. On Tuesday.— Air. Dane : To move for a return showing the amounts paid to Alcssrs. Wilson nnd AInekiunon for publishing " Hansard ;" the regulations nnd instructions on which those persons publish it; whether the publication undergoes any examination by the officers of the IIouso as to its being a faithful record of tho votes nnd proceedings.! Air. Dane: To move that there bo laid upon the table of tho House, before the supplementary estimates are con sidered, a return showing the places nt which the Government intend expending the 150,009 voted for the erection of bridges. Air. Zeal: To move for all correspondence which lias taken place between tho Trnflic Super intendent of Victorian Railways nnd the Secretary or Commissioner of Railways, relating to the re constructing of tho present passenger station at Batmnn's Hill, to meefprcseiit and future require ments. Air. Dane : To ask when the regulntions will be published preventing officers of the Civil Service receiving payment for services performed outside their respective offices under the Govern ment. Mr. Bindon : To ask the lion, the Com missioner of lands nnd Survey whnt nrrnugements he lias inndc throughout the country for the snle and circulation of tho plans and maps of the agricultural areas now open for selection. On Wednesday.— Air. Caiifbn'teu : To inovo for a return showing the amount realised by the Customs Department in respect of penalties nnd forfeitures oi; nnd duties on, Chinese goodsexsliips Jock Frost, Westminster, King Fisher, and Tchernayn, on whole of which Chinese goods were seized. committal of imbecile perbons. Air. GIRDLESTONE moved that in the opi nion of tills House the practice that prevails in some places of committing imbecile or infirm per sons, not being criminals, to gaol, for tho sake of providing them with lodging, sustenance, nnd attendance, is unbecoming nnd demoralising to nil classes of society, and ought to lie immediately discontinued. He remarked that no doubt lion, members were well aware tiint many persons who had been in a position to obtain their own firing had been committed to gaol as imbeciles. In such cases the magistrates merely performed their duty. The system of sending imbecile and infirm per sons to gaol was so obviously erroneous, that it was not lieccssnry for liiin to oiler nny observations upon it. Such n practice could not but have a demoralising tendency, nnd it was impossible that a person committed to a common gaol under such circumstances should not have a feeling of shame. He hoped that a clause would be introduced into the Charitable Institutions Bill to discontinue this abuse. Air. AIACGREGOR seconded the motion. Mr. SULLIVAN fully admitted tiint the sys tem which now prevailed required alteration. It was not the intention of the Government to offer any opposition to the motion, but they would givo attention to tho subject. Air. Crews, Mr. J. T. Smith, nnd Air. Ram say spoke in support of the motion. Air. II AR KE It mentioned several eases of grcnt hardship which had come under iiis personal know ledge, and he" expressed his gratification tiint the question had .been prominently brought before tiio House by Hie' lion, member for Ararat. Air. CARPENTER asked the lion, the Chief Secretary if tho Government intended, after hear ing the statements which had been made by lion, members, to take prompt action in the matter r for so long as tho present system was allowed to continue, it was a lasting disgrace to tho country. Air. M'CULLOCII stated that his lion, col league had nlrendy informed the IIouso that tho Government intended to take tho matter into consideration. The Government would give this question immediate attention, nnd he hoped before the close of tho session to submit some proposition on the subject. Air. l'RAZER was of opinion that after the passing of this resolution no magistrate would bo enabled to ailbrd nn asylum to imbecile persons. Alr. GIRDLESTONE amended the motion bv the omission of tho word "immediately." The motion was then agreed to. state-aid to relioion. Air. IIARKER moved for leave to introduce a bill to nbolish State-aid for religious purposes. He' did not intend to offer any remarks on the ques tion ut the present time, Imt would reserve his ob servations until tho second rending. The bill in tended to abolish State-aid gradually. Air. RICHARDSON seconded the motion. Mr. TUCKER objected to the bill, and there fore thought it better to oppose it nt the present stage. Mr. AIACGREGOR remnrked tliat the hill was a very short one, ami lie thought that tho lion, member for Coliingwood might bo permitted to introduce it. Air. CARPENTER thought thnt State assis tance to religion might bo nholisiied so liiv ns the centres of population were concerned; but it would he a grcnt injustice in the country districts. There nppcarcd to hint to he a mock-modesty with regard to this question, hilt lie asked that it might now be settled one way or the other. Air. COWELL supported the .motion. Mr. SIIERWIN regarded this as a most mo mentous question, and for his part would oppose the hill in every possible way. He believed Hint if Stntc-nid was withdrawn, three-fourths of tho population would be left without spiritual help. In the neighbouring colony of Now South Wales, State assistance had boon. nholisiied, and they had nn opportunity of seeing tho result. As lie pre ferred churches to gaols, nnd clergymen to police, he felt bound to oppose the bill. Air. HOUSTON said that such a Cliristinn sympathy did not exist as should be, because the clergymen looked to tho State for assistance. He regretted that the question had not been decided six yenrs ago, when it demanded a greater amount of attention than at present, but a compromise would have to he entered into by a gradual diminution or the grant. It wns not advisable thnt tho nbolition should be too' rapid, but the different denominations should be compelled to maintain their own ministers. Mr. J. T. SMITH felt that to nbolish State-aid would lie nothing less than n robbery of ministers, ns it should be remembered Hint a compact had been entered into for the pnvincut of an annual grant. He considered that the State ncted wisely and well in affording encouragement and induce ment to the support of ministers of religion There was something humiliating in the idea that clergymen were to supplicate for the small pittance to be allowed to them. For his part he should prefer to see ministers of religion placed in an entirely independent position, mid he thought that it would conduce more to the pence and hap piness of tho people tlinn at present. Air. IIIGINBOTIIAM thought thnt the lion, member for Coliingwood, in asking the House to assent to the first reading of this bill, would linvo done well if ho lind stated his rensons for bringing forward this question, hnving regard to the fact thnt ithnd been brought before l'avlianieiitduring the last 19 years, and also been disposed of. Taking into consideration that no additional argu ment had been ndduccd, lie thought that it might be more conveqient to take the division on the first reading. It must be remembered that, although the Constitution Act pro.vided for a crnnt-in-riid for religious purposes, it also provided thnt it might be nltored or withdrawn, and, thcrcforo/it wns within the province of Parliament to say whether 150,000 should be granted or nothing. He should record Ills vote individually ngnlnst the bill. No doubt ninny lion, members, in the con sideration of lliis question, were actuated by the eclings which thoy brought with them from the mother country. But tho same slate of things did not exist in the colony. lie thought thnt there was a strong ground (or asking aid for llic pur pose of promoting the religious cause in the colony until stieli time ns the country became more sottlcil, hut not for n definite period. Mr. VALE supported the motion, as he had n horror of a paramount church, nnd thought that every religious community should mnkc provision for its own wants. In iiis opinion, State-aid tended to excite those passions which true religion should place in aheyniiee. _ All. KY'I'E wns opposed to the principle of Siatc-nlil, but ns lie considered this a most incon venient time for submitting the question, lie would vote against the motion. Air. LEVI offered a few remarks ill favour of the bill being rend a first time, and took occasion to refer to the liberal consideration which the reli gious community of which lie was a member had always received from the State. Air. O'SIIANASSY hoped that no decision would be taken upon tho first reading, as it was likely to mislead hon. members. If the lion, member wished to fully curry out liisinlentioii, ho should also rcpcnl the endowment of lnnd as well ns of money. After referring to some remarks whicli had fallen from lion, members, ho stated that lie should reserve what be had to say ns to the principles of the hill until the second rending. The motion was tlrcn agreed to. The bill was rend n first time, and tiio second reading appointed for Friday next. nusn-PiRES. Air. SANDS moved tiint a select committee be appointed to inquire into and report upori the damage done by the late hiisli- fircs ; such com- mittco to consist of Mr. Zeal, Air. Orr, Air. Casey, Air. King, Air. AI'Lollnn, Air. Al'Caun, Air. Houston, Air. Sullivan, Mr. G. V. Smith, ami the mover, witli power to call for persons and papers; three to form a quorum. He briefly re ferred to the extensive damage which lind been occasioned by the calamitous bush-fires which occurred on tho 21st uf February Inst. The fanners in the Kyneton district had suilurcd most severely, nnd innny of tliciu had lost all tiiey pos sessed. Mr. HOUSTON seconded the motion. Air. Al'CULLOCII could not assent to tho Jiropositiou, ana pointed out that the farmers lind nn opportunity of meeting tho calamity by in suring their craps. On the question being put, the motion wns negatived by a majority of 25 to 15. INSOLVENCY RETURNS. Air. LEVI moved that there be laid on the tnblo of the House copies of the last 00 plnns ol distribution filed by tile official assignees of Alel bourne and Geelong ; n return of the surplus of every estate during the last 12 years, where a dividend lias been declared iiy the various official assignees ; a return showing tho amount oi estate collected where no dividend has been de clared by the official assignees; n statement showing the application by the official assignees of such surplus or undivided estate. The motion was seconded by Mr. O'GRADY, and agreed to. Till! hoeson's ray railway. Air. SNODGRASS moved the suspension of certain standing orders with the view of allowing the Melbourne and Hohson's Bay Railway Act Amendment Bill to be considered simultaneously with tho Melbourne and Hohson's Bay Railway nnd the Melbourne Railway Companies Amalga mation Bill. He cxulaincd that the first named bill wns introduced at tho suggestion of a select committee on the latter measure in order to define the rights to which the Emerald Ilill people were entitled ns against the Hohson's Bay Railway Company. Air. IIARKER seconded the motion. On the suggestion of Air. Creswiok, the petition from the Emerald Ilill Alunicipnlity, relative to the mensures, was read. Tho petition detailed the history nnd onuses' of tho dispute between Emerald Ilill and the Railway Company, nnd praj cd thnt the bills before the House should not pass. Air. IIOIYARDj ns chnirmnn of the committee j on the Amalgamation Bill, said thnt though the Rnilwny Act Amendment Bill was introduced on the recommendation of the committee, he would rather see the ' second measure re jected. ns tho Emerald Ilill pcopio ap peared to wish. The demands made by Emerald Hill were preposterous and extrava gant, and should not be listened to hy the House. Their representatives in the Council were willing to ncccpt 110,000, the company were witling to pay 17500, which sum wns settled hy tho lion, the Clilof Secretary ; but when this offer was made it was referred to a public meeting, when the demand of 110,000 wns doubled. Nothing less tlinn 120,000 and an indefinite number of bridges would sntisfy them. Under these circumstances, nnd as the dispute was now before the Privy Council, it would be better for the House to delay dealing with the matter till the decision of that body was received. Air. O'SIIANASSY trusted the House would approach Hie question without prejudice on cither side, remembering that it involved very large in terests, and capital to the amount of one million sterling. He mentioned that there was no neL cessity for postponing legislation respecting it," as sooner or later, no mutter whnt was the decision of the Privy Council, the pnrties would resort to that House for n settlement. "I'Jio subject lind been repeatedly before the Parliament, and he believed that they were all tired of the Emerald Hill arid the Hob3on's Bay Company, and would rejoice to nave their differences finally arranged. Emerald Hill had not stated tangibly and fairly what it wanted, nnd how ninny bridges nnd crossings it would bo content with, nud lie submitted that the House would not he justified in acceding to the prayer of its petition. Mr. lvYTE said he lind no interest cither in the company or in Emerald Hill, and lie had always stood up for tho rights of the latter corpo ration ; hut lie thought the oiler which had been made to tliem was a reasonable one, and that they ought to have necoptcd it. Mr. Al'CULLOCII regretted thnt the com promise which had been suggested bad not been accepted. He believed it would have been better if the ratepayers of Emerald Hill bad allowed themselves to be bound by tbo decision of their council ; for the submitting of such q lies (ions to n public meeting was a most unsatisfactory mode ol determining them. If the demands of Emerald Ilill were acceded to, in Iiis opinion it would be better lor tiie company to abandon the railway altogether. Air. DANE opposed the motion. lie consi dered that the company obtained possession of valuable land on certaiu conditions, and they should be compelled to fulfil their bargain. He also wished to call the Speaker's attention to a point of privilege, namely, whether members pecuniarily interested in the company could vote on the present occasion. Air. AI1CIIIE admitted that there were reason able grounds for the feeling wliieli existed in Emerald Hill against the railway company ; because, hnd the company made any advances before this, had they erected tho first bridge which was asked oi them, a great deal of the bitterness would have been removed. Nevertheless, the Parliament should riot allow itself to be influenced hy any local jealousies, but so to act as best to advance the interests of tho public nud of the company. Air. I'JURTT snid thnt n number of streets liail been proclaimed by Sir Clmrics IIoHiain, hut the Melbourne and Hohson's Bay Railway Company would not nllow them to be used. lie did not wish to oppose the Amalgamation Bill, but lie saw no reason why the Liabilities Bill should not- lie suspended until the decision of the Privy Council was known. He considered it was n bill of repudiation. Air. IVAItDROP, in the course of a few re marks, mentioned thnt when the select committee was sitting there was a distinct pledge given on behalf of Emerald Ilill thnt no advantage should lie taken of Hie bnckward stntc of the liabilities Bill. _AIr,_ZEALVcoiToboratod the, statement of the lion, member for Richmond, and said that Emerald Ilill only backed out of the pledgo when they found thoy could not get all they asked for. Air. GREEVES thought that Emerald Hill wns entitled to a larger sum than that proposed, and to more than one bridge, but lie did not think Hint Hie company ought to lie kept nny longer iu suspense. Alter some remarks from Air. ICERFERD in support oi the motion, The question was put and agreed to. Tiie SPEAKER intimated .Hint a division wns necessary for tho purpose of suspending the standing orders. As the IIouso wns dividing, Air. DANE asked the Speaker to rule ns to members having n pecuniary interest iu the vote. ' i Tiie SPEAKER ruled that members hnving a pecuniary inter st in the vote should not vote. Air. Barker then withdrew. . In nnswer to Air. Kyte, Tho SPEAKER said that members deriving nny pecuniary advantage from the vote in ques tion were, precluded from voting. Only about six members voting ngninst the motion, Tho SPEAKER declared it carried by a clear majority of the House. On the motion of Mr. SNODGRASS, tho bill to repeal the 38Hi section of tiie Alelbourne ami Hohson's Bay Railway Company's Act of Incor poration, and to define its liabilities, was read a second tunc. On tiie motion for the committal of the bill, Mr. CRESWICK asked that tho pctitlonists ngninst the bill should bo heard hy counsel at the Bar of tiie IIouso. Tho SPEAKER snid that notice would have to be given of sucli a moOon. 2 lie bill was then committed. CInuscs-1, 2, nnd 3 were agreed to with slight I amendments. Tiie 4th clause provided thnt L7500 should be paid to Emerald Hill within a month for bridges, in reply to Air. Giiehvf.s, Mr. Al'CULLOCII said lhat ho considered 17500 was nmplc and sufficient. Air. CRE8WICK said thnt instead of n bridge there should lie a level. crossing, because a bridge with proper approaches would cost 110,000. lie would lie content with 17500 if the promoters of the bill would agree to a level crossing nt Ferrers street. The clause was then agreed to, an amendment by Mr. Crkswick to omit' the proviso Hint tho clause should confer oil Emerald Hill no clnlin to any addition to the sum from tho Government or Legislature, being negntived. The Ota clause gavo power to Emerald Hill to erect a footbridge over the line iu the line of Mr. CRESWICK moved the omission of the clause, as it wns very necessary there should be a level crossing nt Ferrers street. Air. IIIGINBOTIIAM said that tho level crossing nt Ferrers street seemed to be now the only matter of dispute between the company nnd Emerald Hill. If it had been allowed, the meeting at Emerald Ilill wotiRl have agreed to the pro position of the Chief Seeretnry. Tho principal renson against it was Hie danger to the public. If lion, members consulted the plnu they -would see thnt n crossing wns very much required at that point. Air. CIIESIYICK considered it most imperative that there should be n level crossing at Ferrers street, and under tiiat understanding lie would withdrawn Iiis opposition to the cinuvc. Air. Al'CULLOCII did not think it hnd been shown that n level crossing was absolutely re quired for traffic. 'Already there were six level crossings between Sandridge nud Alelbourne. After some discussion, Ah. IIIGINBOTHAAI asked the lion, member for Emerald Hill, in the eventof Iiis amendment being carried, whether lie would consent to a re duction ill the amount offered to LGDOO. Air. CRESWICK snid tiint he would, as a level crossing was necessary for the large nnd increasing trnflic between Emerald Ilill nnd Alelbourne. Air. SNODGRASS wished the qucsHon to be determined whether the company were to bo com pelled to have a level crossing or not. Air. HOUSTON nnd Air. KERFERD hoped that no more level crossings would he permitted on the line. On the question being put the clause was agreed to. Clnuse.O' giving power to the Board of Land and \\\ orlcs to mnkc bridges, was carried. ' Clause 7 provided that the company should expend not less thnn 11500 in improving the Moray street culvert. Air. IIIGINBOTIIAM stnte'd that some doubt lind existed as to what height the culvert could be raised, so as to provide for additional hendway for traffic. The culvert had been inspected by an ofliccr of the department, who had reported that it could ho snfely raised 2it. Tiie remaining clauses in tho bill were then agreed to. Air. CltESWICIC moved that '' Ferrers street" be inserted in the schedule. The amendment was negatived by a large majority. 'i'lic bill wns then reported to the House. fur t.ic and private wharfs. Air. HOWARD moved that this House would next day resolve itself into n committee of the whole to consider tho following resolution : — That nn nddress be presented to Ills Excellency the Governor, praying that the Government wharfs he transferred to trustees, with power to collect tolls on nil goods passing over them ; nnd thnt this object will bo facilitated and the public convenience served, by the Government cxer- cising the right of resumption under the powers contnined in the Crown grants of tiie same oi the sold lands known as Cole's and Raleigh's Wlmrfs in terms of the recommendation of the report from the Select Committee on tho claims of owners ol private whnrfs. The hon. member stated that the report of the Select Coinmiltce on this subject had been brought up so long ngo as May Inst j'car. _ The committee then decided that the amount levied upon nil goods landed wns not n wharfage rate nt nf, but an import tax, and for that reason decided thnt owners of private wharfs hail no claim to any portion of it. With re ference to Cole's Wharf, in the Crown grant it wns provided thnt whenever Hie Government desired to resume possession of the land, the amount of purchase should he settled by arbitration, and lie did not see that the Goverri- incnt should repudiate Hint nrrnngement. Air. BLACKWOOD seconded' tiie motion. Mr, FRANCIS felt bound, in the interests of the Government, to object to the motion in its present shape. With regard to Cole's Wharf, tho Government did consider it desirable to purchase the property if it was obtainable nt a reasonable price, but it was not their intention to purchaso Hie property under the terms mentioned by the lion, member, as it wns possible that nn undue value might be given to it. Mr. SNODGRASS moved the adjournment of the debate until Hint day week. Mr. LEVI seconded the motion, whicli' was agreed to. ,, „' a victorian mint. M CULLOCII, in tho absence of Air. Verdon. moved, tiiat tho House en Wednesday next .should resolve itself into a committee oi the. whole to consider the following resolutions :— l-. Thnt it is expedient that a branch of the Royal Almt be established in. Victoria. 2. That provi sion be made for the establishment oi the Vic torian Branch of the Royal Alint. ' Mr. SULLIVAN seconded the motion, which was agreed to. i railway returns. 1 Mr. DANE moved for a return from 30th November. 1804, to 30!h April, 1805, ol all goods stored nt the Spencer street station for a longer period than 24 hours; the length of time each consignment remained in tho store over the pre- scribcu time; the tonnngo «r measurement con signed to each individual; tbo amount actually paid to Government for the storage, as well as the amount remitted (if any) in each case He explained that Jie hnd been induced to bring forward the motion in consequence of the expense proposed to be incurred by the Government for the erection of sheds, and so forth, to the omouut ofLlG0,000. Mr. HURTT seconded tho motion. Mr. FItANCIS was desirous of affording hon. members every information before they had to deal with so important a vote, but lie pointed out the almost impossibility of furnishing all the in formation askeu fbr. If the hon, member, instead of pressing his motion, in its present condition, would visit the sheds himself; he would be glad to nfiord him every information. After a slight discussion, during whicli fho Sneaker's attention was drawn to the state of the House, nnd a quorum obtained on the ringing of the belts, Mr. DANE withdrew his motion. payment op members. On the motion of Mr. HAllREIt, the report on the bill dealing with this subject was adopted, the bill read a third time, passed, nud transmitted to the Legislative Council. Tiie remaining business being postponed, the House adjourned nt 32 minutes past 11 o'clock until 4 o'clock on Tuesday. 