SANDHURST. Monday in Sandhurst was the hottest, the dust- iest, the most miserable, and the most un- bearable day we have had for many seasons. Early in the day a fierce hot wind com- menced to blow, driving an atmosphere like the blast from a furnace in the face of any one who had gone into the street, While scorching the unfortunate foot passengers with its heated breath, the wind was strong enough to lift that horrible road mixture of the town clerk's from the surface of the streets, and in addition to being half scorched by the hot wind one was totally blinded by the clouds of dust. Between two and three o'clock the thermometer marked 103° in the shade in Pall Mall, while about that time large bush fires were observed in nearly every direction around Sandhurst. The glare from the bush fires was distinctly visible on the horizon round about the town. A large fire, which appeared to be burning in the direction of the Upper Sheepwash, threw up a reflection which led many to believe that a large fire was consuming some of the houses situated in the southern portion of Sand- hurst ; while another large fire to the eastward also illuminated the sky in that direction. About nine o'clock a perceptible change to a cooler atmosphere took place, and after one or two threatening showers, the rain commenced to come down with considerable force until about eleven o'clock, when it ceased. The gale did considerable damage amongst frail buildings. Between 12 and 1 o'clock, the gale seemed to be blowing its hardest, and at that time the roof of Jones's Brewery, McCrae-street, was blown off. The iron roof and verandah of Mr. Savern's dwelling, Bernal street, was also carried away by the wind. One of the front windows of the Mechanics' Institute was blown right in, and fell on a beautiful speci- men of coral in a glass case, both of which were smashed. The bush fires were unprecedented in the memory of the oldest resident. We were informed by a gentleman who arrived from Echuca by the evening train, that the whole of the bush in the neighborhood of Goornong, and indeed on both sides of the line from Runnymede to the latter-named place, was burning fiercely. In the direction of Huntle, and between there and the Whipstick, there were bush fires ; away towards Meyers'-flat immense bodies of smoke and flames were to he seen throughout the day, and again in the direction of Bullock Creek and Lock- wood there were extensive fires. To the north- east a large fire was also visible, but at a great distance. The appearance of the horizon around Sandhurst before the rain began to fall was re- markable, for in every direction fires lit up the dark canopy of clouds with a lurid glare. We have not heard whether any damage to property has been caused in the vicinity of Sandhurst ; but we fear that such extensive conflagrations must have involved valuable property to a con- siderable extent. Those who were in the colony on Black Thursday must have been struck with the similarity of yesterday to that memorable day. There was the same fierce, rushing, hot, north wind, the sky and the surrounding land- scape obscured by the smoke of innumerable fires and the dust, and at night the grateful change of a cool breeze from the south, with refreshing showers. GEELONG. Mount Moriac was the scene of a conflagration that will be remembered for some time. It was a road board day, and during the sitting the alarm was given that the whole Mount was on fire. The board at once adjourned, and each member sallied forth armed with a sack, the bough of a tree, or whatever came first to hand, and prevented the fire crossing the Mill-road, in which case a large quantity of easily combustible property would nave fallen a prey to the flames. In front, on top of the Mount, a portion of Mr. Tindale's vineyard was on fire, but the vines, from the moisture in them, offered a check to the flames which were spreading over a field of long grass, and here and there portions of the vineyard fence might be seen burning. Below the vineyard at the foot of the mount, was Mr. Riche's home- stead, and, as the wind was blowing fiercely in this direction, the whole of the buildings seemed inevitably doomed to destruction. Just as the fire approached the homestead, however, the wind suddenly veered round, and with the gust the fire swept round the corner of Riche's farm leaving the homestead uninjured. On it came, curling and crackling through the long stubble, towards the Mill-road, igniting a large stack of straw,and coming right up to the woodwork of the small chapel used by the Bible Christians. From ten to twenty men here worked energetically to beat the fire down, and the chapel was saved. In the meantime the fire was rapidly rolling onward to the right, in the direction of the Barrabools. A man named Mahoney had only threshed out his wheat on Saturday, and had some two or three hundred bushels on the ground ; the whole of this, and nearly the entire homestead, were con- sumed in less time than it takes to write it, Mulligan's farm buildings fell next, the house. escaping almost by a miracle. On it went till it reached the hollow in the Mill-road, where Reuben Clarke's house was situated. There was no time to remove anything ; the dry weather- boards seemed to lick up the flames till the whole was, in a minute or two,in a blaze. Far away to the right, as now and then the wind partially cleared the atmosphere, of the dense smoke, bodies of red fire were distinctly visible, as of burning buildings or stacks. A splitter saw at some distance his hut, in which he had left his wife and child, in flames, and he took the first horse he could get, and rode to them through fire and smoke, so fierce and suffo- cating at times that it was dangerous to approach it. The damage done is far greator than can at present be estimated, for it was only from what could be distinctly seen from a distance that our account is penned, and the fire appeared to be spreadiug with considerable rapidity. It appears that on Saturday a fire was kindled by some splitters on the Mount, and it is probable, there- fore, that the disastrous conflagration was owing to the embers then left smouldering. A bush- fire was burning at night in the Bellerine district, the reflection of it being visible in tho air. A fire was also seen across the bay, in the direction at the Little River. We have since heard that it extended over several square miles of grass land, and was approaching the farms, being within half a mile of the railway station. LEARMONTH, The Learmonth district has again been the scene of extensive fires, On Sunday night two stacks of oats, on the farm occupied by Mrs. Hynes, at Ercildoun, were discovered to be on fire. The stacks were situated fully a quarter of mile from the road, and every precaution as to ploughing around them for the purpose of protecting them from the fire had been attended to. About 1,000 bushels of grain were destroyed. On Monday, a fire occurred on the run of the Messrs. Learmouth. Several constables who were in attendance at the Learmonth Police Court, when the fire broke forth, were sent off to the scene of conflagration. Particulars had not been received when the mail left Learmonth, but from the appearance of mat- ters from the township, there is reason to fear that all the grass upon the run has been de- stroyed, and probably buildings as well. Mr, Vaughan, Happy Valley, has had a stack of wheat believed to contain 3,000 bushels, completely des- troyed. Mr. Holgate, of Mount Bolton, has had the whole of his fences and grass (that is, all that escaped a fire on Thursday last) completely des- troyed. A butcher named Smith, at Mount Bolton, had his place on fire, and with difficulty saved his dwellinghouse alone. His out- houses were all consumed, and some pigs were actually roasted alive. At Burrumbeet, among the farm held under the Messrs. Learmonth, much damage has been done. On Mr. Robertson's run, Burnbank, there was also a great and, it is feared, destructive fire. On Monday a large portion of the country at Smeaton, between the Three Castles Hotel and Smeaton Hotel, was on fire. The flames extended to Kingston, and much property has been consumed. The. Smeaton Hotel and the largo stock of liquors, &*,, contained therein (valued at about £800) not withstanding the utmost exertions of 50 men, were utterly destroyed. There were also, consumed a stack of oats and another of hay (worth about £200) belonging to Mr. Andrew Mather. A farmer at Glendonald has had three stacks des- troyed. A number of persons at Spring Gully have been burned out. Coney's grass paddock, at Spring-hill, has been burned up. A farmer named Flanagan, at Birch's Creek, has had a good deal of property destroyed. Large fires are burning near Mount Prospect, near the Deep Creek ; also in Bullarook. The stocks of grain and dwellinghouse of Mr. Adam Broomfield, jun, at Bullarook, as also the stacks and dwelling of Mr. John Ray, have been burned. There was a large fire at Scrub-hill. Hundreds of acres on the ranges between Ballaarat and Buninyong have been on fire during the day, and are still burning. The bush was in flames from Warrenheip to Lal Lal. A great many cattle were destroyed, and many more, appalled by the flames, were running madly about in all directions. 