IMMIGRATION,-In nnswer t6 a question in the Ilousc of Assembly the Commissioner of Crown Lands said the Government did not think it )vaa necessary at present to send im migrants to thp outlying ports 'and districts of the colony. We wonder if - the "?Commissioner had eecn the telegram despatched to him by the District Council of Mount Gimbier West when he made his reply. That telegram was to the effect that fifty able bodiecl men and fifty women would find immediate employment here. Yet in the fuco of this the Government Sersigt in maintaining tho immigrants in the epot to pushing them out to where they | coulil earn n living for thoiusolves. Wo are glad to observe that the Register expresses itself move sensibly oi\ the subject, in an article, the closing paragraph ; of-..which we quote, It says:-"It might be desirable, too, to send immigrant? at the public expense into the country districts where there is a demand for labour. The money would bo better spent in this way tlum in keeping them in Adelaide. It is a pity if, after spending £18 or: £14 a head .In imparting'labour from Englund, we cannot aiiord to spend a'pound move in send ing thorn to places where their services are needed. The wise distribution of labour is quite as important as its introduction, and we hope the Government will se6 to this faaUei'." GOOD SPORT.--The Messrs,. Wvlls and W, ] WqUo had ft first-rate days sport on Thurs«, day,,notwithstanding the blustering character of the day. Thev shot 21 couple of snipe, besides making, first rate bags of duck and curlew. In addition" to this . they, shot i) snakes--one of them being an immense fat fellow, between 5 and C feet in lengthj Tmb &AiLN;\~-The rain has come at Ietst and, with fi vengeance. During the week wo have . had somtf of the heaviest showers that have fallen this year, and on Thursday and Friday the weather was moro. like mid-winter than mid- summer, fjrnl the streets . were in many parts partially flooded. It will greatly benefit the late crops, which this year promise to turn out best ,. besides giving the grass, which was drying up fast, a iresli start. Some of the luiy crops, still unstaeked, are likely to be more or less damaged however; but the quantity (is. 6maU, and we are led to believe thoy will upt suffer to atiy great extent, Same iew patches i of oats and wheat were reaped in the begi'ii* j niug of the week, but harvesting will not be j general for at least 10 days to come, i The Nkw YEAR'S DAY Pic-Nic,-A more j Aili programme of the Oddfellows' and Fores ters' sports on New Year's Day appear? in our columns to-day, and wo would direct attention to it. A cricket match between two picked elevens of the orders will be among the attrac tions of the day, / OUUISTMAS DAY.-Christmas day in Aus tralia possesses but few bt the interesting as sociations it did in the old country, yet it is not quite forgotten even", here. We feel, though existing under totally different cir*' cutnstances, that it is still a time: to be re membered. And it is to a certain extent looked forward to and talked of, though not with tho same zest as in llio lands of ice and snow. We will have the timo honored day with us once moro on Monday next, and We will be able to bid it welcome, if without much enthusiasm, at least kindly, and enjoy otir holiday on its account. As it will be the only opportunity wo will have ere it be gono, of paying tho usual compliments of the season to tho .majority of our . readers, we now take the opportunity of doing so by wishing each and all of them a Merry Christmas," and better, fortune ih 1866 (when it comes) than they have had in 1865 CAUTION to BOYS.-An accident which ought to serve as a warning to boys who throw atones at''ono-another, happened on Wodnesday evening. "Whilcwroturningliomo from school a boy named Lucas throw a stono at his ooinponion Senior, hitting; him on tho eyo so sovoroJy that it is still a matter of doubt whether lio will ovor recover; his sight. Tub English MAIL.-Thoso who did not avail themselves of Thursday's mail for thoir English lettors, may still bo in time by post ing to-night. Tho English mail does no.t close in Adelaido till Wodnesday . next at 4 p.m. -Our mail, which loaves to-morrow morning, is duo thoro at 10 a.m. on'Wed nesday. TUB Ci,AnAviM-R Scupoi,.--The Claraville (girls) school was examined on Thursday by the ilev, U. A, Caldwell and'Mr Watson. The children were examined in reading, spell ing, grammar, gcoaraphy and arithmetic, and in each of these branches, so far as they had been instructed, they acquitted themselves satisfactorily, A large proportion of the chil dren at the school are of tender yeare, but i they nil gave evidence of their teacher's caro, Some excellent samples of crochet work, by the elder scholars, were exhibited, Altogether this is a very useful school. Prizes were dis tributed at the close to the most deserving Ma. GELLAIIT'S SCHOOL.-Mr; Gellart's school, Gray-street, was examined on Tliura day by tho Eev. Mr. Needham. There wore 67 pupils present out of 63 upon tho roll. Tho eliiklren wore examined in all the branches taught-namely, rending, writing, arithmotio,and geography, and thoy acquittod themsolves to tho entiro satisfaction of their oxamirier. The disciplino in this school was excellent. CORRECTION.-We stated itj our last that' a child belonging to Mrs Wright, Drop Drop, had met with n severe accident by scalding ?Mrs Wright writes to say that we were inisin fprmed-that no such accident happened to her child. THE O.B. FI.AT Sonoor,,-Mr Donovan's school, at the 0.13, Flat was examined on t ' 7 « | Wednesday afternoon by the Itev. Mr Need ham and Mr Wataon. They found the school conducted to their entire satisfaction, Mr Donovan evidently sparing neither time nor pains upon his' school. Here the children read better than in any other school in the district, they are well forward in arithmetic find writing, and are equal to the average in grammar and geography, There were 33 scholars present. The number on 'the roll is 37. TUB COMPTOH SCHOOL.-Mr Holloway'a 8chool at this place was examined on Tuesday by the Rev. Mr ITeedham. The rev. gentle man expressed himself highly pleased with the progress this school had made since the former examination-6 month a previous-and com plimented the teacher on the result of his labors, SUPPER AND BAr.L.-~On Saturday night, week, Dr-Weill, of the "Victoria Mills, enter- ' tained his workmen and their families to a supper nnd ball. There was a capital spread provided, of which about 60 persons, old and young, partook with much satisfaction. On the supper being cleared, away dancing was commenced, and kept np with great spirit t\U 12 o'clock, when tlao happy - company broke up i BUSH FIUE.-A very threatening bush,fire broke out on the Mt. Schnnck run on Satur day last, near Bellum Bellum, and swept over a good many miles of country before it was got under. It made its way towards the farms, and burned Mr Sinclair's paddock, Ilis crop and those.in tho vicinity "were only saved by their greenness. PHOTOGRAPHS.-We have received from Mr Thwaites several capitally executed pho- tographs of the aborigines of Mt. Gambier embracing more particularly Mrs Smith's little tribe. Annie Coutts and Johnny Short make capital pictures. The photographs would form excellent souvenirs to send to home friends, and we have no doubt Mr. Thwaites will have a large demand for them. Mr Thwaites has also left a lot of his photo- graphs on view at our office. SALE OF HORSES,;-On Saturday last a draft of horses, tho property of Mr. J: Livingston, wero offerod for salo in Mrs. Mitchell's yni'ds, but tho rmvjovlty of tliora passed tho liammor for want of buy or s, Thoso sold, brokon to saddlo, roalisod from £7 to -CIO. MUSICAL TREAT.-It will be soon that our old frionda, Madamo Carandini and party, have arranged tq visit Mount Gambior next week, Thoywill open in Mitchell's Assern bly Room, It is superfluous to roconimond thorn to our readers, or to assure tliem that a, great treat is in storo for thorn, TKMPBIIAHCE MEETING AT B£NAWU '-0n Tuesday evening last a T^peranco meeting was ht tile Bcnaira station, when ad ! WOW given by Messrs, Pannell and Shelton, and some pieces sung by those named, together with Messrs. Whately and Attiweli, A number of illustrated temperance periodi cals were also distributed to tho employeos, whoso attention dnring , the« proceedings were most marked. At the close 19 names' were added to the pledge book, and some perma nent good effected we trust. The courtesy of the manager to tjiose friehds (Hvho 'proceeded thither to hold the meeting may also be re ferred to, It is intended to4 hold in future similar meetings at Benaira, and other stations around, when the employed are 'numerous' thereat, iu order to induce some of them at least to make a better use of the money earned than stupidly to spend it in intoxicants. -Correspondent. THE BANK or ADULAIDK,-The Bank of Adelaide commepced business on Monday. We understand that a large number of accounts were opened, and that discounts were effected to a considerable extent. The notes of the : now establishment are already in very general circulation.-Register, THE CBNTBAL ROAD BOARR.-At a special meetifig of the Central Road Board the ap plications for various appointments under the Board were taken into consideration; For the eleven situations advertised there were 103 applications. We observe that Sir J. Morris has been elected superintending surveyor for the Mount Gambier District. As assistants for. the north-western and south- eastern dis tricts the following, have been appointed: Messrs, F. Dixon, 0. Wastell, A. Grummett, and J, Woody. Two more remain to be ap pointed-three for. each district. These ap pointments we may remark have a]l to be confirmed by a. vote of the House, and, it is highly probable that those relating to Mount Gail]bier will be upset when they come be fore it, it being the opinion of the public here that tho roads of the district ought to be left in the charge of the AssistantrEngineer. CLASSIFYING THB LAND.--Mr Goode'3 mo tion for classifying the land,, though lost in the meantime, will have a good effect in the future discussion of the land question. It has let in some little daylight into it5-and some at least of the suggestions thrown out may be turned to practical account by-and-by. Mr Goode is in the right track, and though there may be many difficulties in carrying outfhis plan in -full, still in many instances it mfght bo adopted with ease and benefit to.the colony at large. , ' . Tun ODDFELLOWS' LonaB.r-A special meeting of the Oddfellows',Lodge, Mt. Gam bier, was held on Wednesday night. Dr Graham was elected surgeon for the next six months, and Mr G. E. Cole assistant-secretary. A statement of the financial affairs of the Order was read, which showed that the funds were in a satisfactory condition, there being a considerable balance of income over expen diture to carry to the credit aide of the Lodge ledger. 