HoOBART TOW?~ AND TEiE SOUTHT, Fat AT SANDY BAY.-A very extensive the fire occurredat Sandy Bay early on Monday iIP morning, by which four cottages were burnt of( to the ground, and other damage occasionel. dlr About half.past two a.m. flames were observed Fri proceeding from a cottage belonging to Capt. dur Boor, and situated on the left hand side of d;si tho'main road immediately beyond the toll mis bar. The cottage was occupied by a man and d his wife named Robinson, a shoemaker. In an incredibly short space of time the reelse f one the Derwent and Tamar and Tasmanian In- me surance Companies arrived, and these were Col qoickly followed by the engine of the Prison- cre ers' Barracks, and the engine of the Derwent oit and Tamar Company. Meanwhile, however, the the fire had spread to the adjoining wooden 98 buildings, four of which were in flames, while £4 the neighbors, assisted by volunteers, were em. pre ployed in tearing off the roof of the cottageto of the east to prevent the further spread of. the fireo. About half an hour elapsed before i full de supply of water was obtained from tlie' fire. plug, but the hose having got into full play tnt all danger was speedily over. The houses de lea stroyed by the conflagration were a wooden' 1 cottage belonging to Mr. Lipscombe, and om. cupied by Mr. Brown, shoemaker; the cottage po already referred to belonging to Captain Boor, we which is, we believe, insured with the Tasma.- ee nian Company for £250; and two wooden shops belonging to Mr. IR. S. Waterhouse, re spectively occupied by Cooper and I. Shorran ye (tailor). We believe these buildings were also en insured.-Tueeday's .lercury. to INBOLVENCY OF THE MeensR. MANINO.-A als public meeting of the creditors was bold on tai Monday, in the Commissioner's Chambers, for to the purpose of auditing the accounts of the its insolvent firm. The accounts as passed by the so auditors were agreed to.-lbid. ru At the annual ten meeting in connection m with the Hobart Town Church Union, heold on pi Tuesday evening, the new Bishop ot Tasmania 6 was unanimously elected President of the Union. The annual report was adopted; and during the evening several pieces of sacred se music were rendered. Id A " BLACK" MONDAY AT MELOIRtNEs.- h The Melbourne journals which came to hand by ti tie City, of Launceston yesterday, report that .b Monday was decidedly the liottest day which has It been experienced this summerin Victorla. Dar- Y ing the whole day the wind was" like the blast s0 from a furnace, and yet there was an almost w entire absence ofsunshine. In Collins-street the a thermompeter registered as' high ' as 108deg. FaPbrenhei "in the shade., At times, it a was positlvely painful to walk along the streets of the city, and . it 'was Impossible, d from the dust, to see a dozen yards in advance b The bush-fires which raged during the day not at far frola Melbourne probably contributed to.the A overpoweriug heat. In various parts of the coan. try large bush fires were observable.and all along .oe the reute from BIllaarat to Melbourn the the air was ts filled with a dense smoke. A Geelodg correspondent n writest-" This has bein an awful day for dust as and hot wind, the worst experienced here for years. The thermometer stood at 107deg, in the glare, for the sun was invisible." There was quite t, a line of bush fres betwec a that town and Ballarat. a In the interior it was even more severe than in ti Mlelbourne; and bush-fires were in unpleasant e proximity in Ballarat, Sandhurst, Daylesford, and d other towns; forests were a.blase,and homesteads have have destroyed. A gentleman who travelled from the Lower Goulburn to Melbourne says that no day he has experienced I' In the colony, with the exception of Black Thures day, has been at all equal to it. He tlhen proceeds s t> say, "I fear that bush fires have caused a ° terrible loss to individuals and to the eolony generally. I have never befre' witnessed so many and suech widespread contitgratlons. As £ seen from the railway train, bush fires one the * right and left lit up the sky almost everywhere. I a Batween the Campaspe and Sandhurst, the e t country was nearly all on fire. Cultivated I e fields and fences were berning, and in some places I s. the fences on eitler side of the .railway wore t r. being consumed. Between Sandhurst and' Cas. a tlemsole, the Alexandrine Range, and Mount )f Alexander itself, presented a magnificent spectacle. " Tile grass had been all consumed, but millions of i burning trees and logs were seen over the whole I- face of the hills. Many of the farmers (a the neighborhood are said to have had their fences and produce consumed. At Kyneton we were told that farm ,k houses' and farm produce had been completely a- destroyed, in some eases the occupants hardly escaplog with their lives. The, wind being from the north-west, it has probably been general In this'colony, and:was perhaps experienced yenier -day in South Australia; and I fear that hboth ia. SthCle 'slecr colony and in this, such destruction of property, has taken' place as will cause this cala mity to be loeng remeimbered itn Australia." i Shortly before fivroe o'clock an agreeable change in took place, the wind veering round to the south, er and late in the evening there was a light fall of rain, whihob, however, was succeeded by a very sultry conditlon of the atmosphere. .Tua Naw VlOronIAN TAnatr.-The Mel. n- bourne Argus of Monday says:-- Some specula tion has arisen as to the cause of delay, in bri Ig. ly ing forward the Tariff (Customes Laws Amend he mont) Bill for the second reading in the Legisla of the Assembly. The business was origluinally ap pointed for the 16th February. It is said that the procrastination Is attributable chiefly to a de cur sire on the part of the Ministry to afford every cf opportunilty for the holding of protectionist demon. nd strailons, and the framing of protectionist petll ry, Lions, before the measure is,sent to the Upper rd, Uousr. os, "Ilonauos."5-This horse' took his departure S7 by tle s.e. Black Saon, which left ou Tuesday afternoon. INsdteoLVsno RirrTn.-A return by I the Registrar of Insolvent Estates for Launceston thre is published in the last Gazelte showing the stale in a of every insolvency under the charge of asslgnree see during the year ended 31et December, 1804. and From tils it appears there were 20 insolvelcies crec during the past year. In 18 of these the order of des d;sebarge was granted; 3 insolvencies were dias e. a missed; In one case all claims were paid in nall, baJ and the insolvency was taken out of the Court by one Insolvent had his dlsoharge postponed for two mouths; another was sentenced by a Criml, Qa Court to 4 years' imprisonment for defrauding'w fro creditors, and two lnsolvents have made no appli- se caltion for their discharge. The gross liabilities of ig these insolvencies as stated in the schedules were by £83,437 16s. 24.; and the gress 'amount of assets pli £48.727 10s. 7d. The net amount of debts to proved was £58,123 14s.3d.; the total amount' ti of assels collected £7,076 t10? Id ; the total cis amtount paid in dividends £3,940 18s. Gd. (a d!vi- be dead-has been paid in only seven cases); the is, total amonto of other payments Is £3,138 Is. d.'; be leaving's balance to the credit ofestates of £129 en 194s 6d" - so SAKRan NA Wasii.-Oar Carriek oores- to pendent writing on'Monday last,Says:-In a dry ca well on Rushton's ground, near Carrlck, is to be seen a very large carpet asnke (supposed to be t, over six feet long), and no Iguana which is also A very large. There Is a large spar with the upper in end resting against the side; the snake manages w to climb this to the top sod then stretches its head ft along the bricks but is never seen to loosen the is tail which is twisted round the spar, upon being p teased It will make a loud hissing noise, let down d its head and hang by the tall, and after remaining p I so awhile drop dowit and conceal itself under the a rubbish at the bottom of the well. Yesterday b morning the snake and iguana were lying on a 4 piece of rail tie Iguana's head reasting upon the a snalke's hlead. A lamp of dirt was thrown down a (for the purpose of provoking them to fight) which severely hurt the iguana, and another piece was a dropped '' upon the snake's head, I whereupon the snake reared ' its I head, twisted it about, and made a lodh hissIng noais, but never attempted to bite the iguana. As .t both have been in the well for the last six weeks it is evident they can live in peace. This time last year there were no less than nine snakes in the same well, which were so weak the last time they were seen that they could scarcely crawl. It is e supposed they got down the well In search of water, and when odce down could not get back t again. a SALmos OvA.-It seems that we shall be disappointed In our expectation of having a second batch of salmon ova this season. The Argus it states that at the last .meeting of the Victorian 0 Acemullm iation Soolety a letter was read from Mr J. A. Youl, acknowledging the rcilpt of the e oommunielatiou in which the Council requested hims to undertake the shipment ofanother lot of sal Smen ovse and stating that having for various rea t sons beon robliged to decline a similar request made by the Tasmanian salmon commissioners, he \- must also beg the Council to excuse his acceding 0 to their request. Mr Youl states that ets has t. already superlntended three shipments of ova, and a that he shrinks from the labor and responsibility Sof attempting a fourth. This much to be regretted d decision on his part will aecessitate the loss of a a year, as, before freslh instructions could reach o England from Tasmanta, the season at which the le spawn can be prepared will have passed away. d C. ALarons FtnO CaO nonr -As very Is briefly intimated in our last a tea.meeting, in con a nection with the fifth anniversary of this church, y was hold in the school-room on Monday evening. o The room was very tastefully decorated with s flags and various devices formed of flowers, &e.;, ie and some 260 persons seat down to tables furnished l. In the best style by tho ladies of the church and to congregation. After tea the chair was taken by id the Rev. Dr. Nicolson, at the suggestion of the ra pastor, the neo. J. Lindsay, rand during the re evening the friends were addressed by the Revs. ,. J. Long (Primitive Methodist), II. Dowling (Bap Ot tist), . I. Ewing (Presbyterian), WV. Tranter e. (Baptist), and Mr. 0. Cater (Town Missionary); of the proceedings being pleasingly varied by the le performances of an emllcient choir-Mr. T. Sharp ra presidiog at .the harmonioum. Votes of thanks to to the choir, the' friends who got up tea, decora co tioln, &o.;, and to the Chilrmsa, having been . passed, the meeting was brought to a close about ly too oclock. Ily T?e? WnEoK OF THn SoHoamERo.-- The ,m Mleltiourno papers'state that "another attempt Is In about'to be mudo to' recover the cargo of' the rr- wreckltd ship Schomherg. It Is to be hoped that in proper precautlions will be takenthis time againsat of accidet, nand. that the whaleboat, in which Messrs. 1a. Marshall and Bancraft left Warroambool for the a,' locality of the wreck, will be a sounder craft Ige than that which was the main cause of the ac th, cident which was attended with such deplorable of results to Mr. Hall's - party at the mouth of try Curdie's Inlet." WVELBYAN MISSIONARY So ?rIBT.--T'e ol. Rev. Joshbua Waterhouso, lately stationed oni the la. Fiji Islands, arrived yesterday by the s.s. City of ig. Laun.oston, and is announced to preach on Id. Sundiy next in the Wesleyan chapel, Patterson en. street, on behalf of the' aove-named Society. ,p. The usual public meeting will be held hat on Monday evening, Sermons on behalf of the de. missions are to be preached at Longford on Sunu cry day, by the Rev. W. Lowe, the publin meeting on. being held on Tuesday evening; and on Wedues' acr. day a meeting will be held at Westbury. per LaoAL.-- Ve understand that MI. Alfred Butler successfully passed his examination are as a Solicitor, &e.;, at fIobhart Town, on Tuesday. doy Mr. Butler was articled to hIs uncle, Mr. tt. Y. tutler, of Launeaston. Fznul AT INVtnutAlt.-fletween two and 1 three o'clock on Tuesday morning a fire broke on me in some outhuildinogs on Mr. C. J. Upton's preml ihe ses at Invermany. Very little water was at hand. on and the flames were not got under until the whol in erection, comprlsing barn, fowl-house, &c.;, w, sO destroyed,'together with a quantity of grain aid a numberof poultry and pigeons. Some sacks of dii hay and other propelty on the premises narrowly. vi by timely effort, eeoaped destruction. hi AN IDEA OP FAST LIFP in the north of ° Queensland is couvoyed in the following sketch V, from the Rockhampton Argue:-" The process of 'seasoning' consists in playing at cards and drintk fo ing all night, and in renovating exhausted nature by eleeplg all. day. After a couple of years' ap plicatfou of this kind, the neow chum Is supposecd or to have acquired experience, and to have learned 'l the art of polishing off a ' cooktail and a bottle of claret' before bre:akfast, several 'goes' of brandy , before luncth,a.b ottie or two of Tennent's Tat se lunch, and alternating the reisainder of theb day hi t between 'Brown Sherry' and Martel's.' Hie is ) expected to retire to bed at midnight, prfectly to sober, after taking a dose or two of dark brandy ra to promote digestion, and to ensure a night of oa Scalm repo.":' 11 . OLD LAOS IN SCOTLAND (?)--Under 't e thls heading, a correspondent of the 'Melbourne A 0 Argus writes :-" Sa,--In a letter I received by I r last mail, dated December 20th, and written a within a few miles of Edinburgh, there is the d following passage, which tells a tale; and, as it eo is short, 1 give it verbatim :--'We have put iron j g plates on the window-shatters, lined the' front f n door, and put bolts on the inner ones; our silver P Ig plate lt use is carried up to the garret every to night; so Mr. Wilson's expirees need not come Ly here. Mr. Ivory'e rouse was entered lately aind t a £20 carried off,' I thlink, sit, this is pretty good, a to and I will add eatietactory proof that the object a, rn of the ' Association for the Return of British Ex- t, ah piree Convicts to the United Kingdom' is fully - as attained, and Mr. Edward Wilson's opinions verl id, fed-that once impress upon the minds of the its British people that we were returning a select r ng sample of the rutfaary they were so eager to pour As out on this hland, the thousand and one crimes daily committed in their country would be attri ks ued to themu; and he was right.-A5aGo rt SAXon." ie LAUNCESTON SAvnNos BANs.-The half- 1 ey yearly general meeting of the managers is an' is nonnced for Monday next at noon. ck La?UAL.-Messrs, Arthur Perry andi Darcy lIoggit, both late of Hobart Town, Tas mania, were yesterday admitted, before his Honor bMr. Justice Chapman, as Barristers and Solicitors ad of the Supreme Court of New Zealand.-Otlago a Times, 1Ith alto. to MONs, AND MADAMNB Nl.ea arrivei] ho fron Melboirne in the as. City of Launceston yesterday afternoon. Assisted by Mr. Charlts Stewart, of- the original Christy Minstrels in Australia, 'and by Miss Geraldine Warden, they will give the first of a serles of grand recitatls at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, under the patronage of Sir Richard and Lady Dry, and the lMayor of Lean d coston (Adye Douglas, Esq). For a short time ty yesterday evening we had the pleasure of being ed present at a private rehearsal, when At. Itlele a delighted all present by his performances on the ch violin cf II Pirata," a fantasia- on Scotch airs, he and other selections of music, Madame tHeine playing accompaniments on the pianoforte. Al. Heine, who is blind, is undoubtedly a violinist of ry high order, his execution being distinguished in- by great precisloon and brilliancy, combined with ch, exquisite taste and feeling. Madame HIeine isalso ag. a highly accomplished pianist. Judging from the thb performances last night, we may safely say that io., a rich musical treat is in store for those who pur ed pose attending these concerts. Pd PRIza BAtBas-At the Kaispoi (Cutn by terbury) Christmas sports a Baby Show the was included in the programme. The Lyttleton tie Times ay :-" Thi wswas undoubtedly the event vye of the day as testified by the eager jostling of the IP crowd who were anxious to get a good view of the ter youthful progeny and their protectors. Upwards fY) of thirty specimens of the youthful fry were ex the hibited, representing on'the whole a hopeful sent arp plo of young Kalapoi. Much meriment and to aks little musto from the subjects for competltion was ra- caused, as the judges Drs. Dudley and Beswick ten grvely .lespctetd and discussed the merits of out each Jivenile aspirant, After due ceosideration. the decision was given amid rounds of applause. The first prize was awarded. to irs. Porter's in bo fant, anid the second to Airs. Swan's, both of t is Kalapoi. For children of twelve months and the nder, the first prize was galned by Mrs. A, Lee's Ibaby, and the-second by that of Mlls. HL. Wick Itwlwalso both of Kalnpol." I - . eas SETrLtrENTe OF TH' MOIAL DRAINAGE r Q aTrson.--Since Australia refuses to allow our the convicts to come near her, would Abraham raft Lincolu take them? :As recruits they would c. consithute food for Confederate powdrr quite as ible good as voluntary refuso employed; and one sore advantage of sending them to fight the battles of of the Yankees would ho that we abould never see them again.-Punch. he Tun JOCKeY CLue at Paris has decided that the Eonglisl custom of shaking hands is th Ienceforth to be considered the correct thing; and of furthermore, in order to protect ladies front the on annoyance of htving to return the bow of nny sons- man who may choose to take off his hat to themorn in public, the English fashion is to be adopted of ladies bowing first. held CAtlIu D OFp BY A CUTTLEBPIIIt.-A Sthe late latter fromt Cuba contains an account of the luu' carrying oil a boy eltiht years old by a cuttlefbsh. ting Several childreo coming upon the fish on tlhe \- bech, attacked it with sticks and stone'. So soon, however, as it had got to the water's edge it threw one of its long arms upon the arm of the it. boy neareet to it, and to his and his plasfellows' itlon horror, began to drat huim into the sea. The poor child strugeled to get loose and screamoed oy. ngolazitly, and souse of the Isrger boys ruse:l t. Y to bis aid, but too late. His body wasl aitost in. staetly dragged out of light.-A-nericon Paper. VotLAAIor AND MAOADtLAl.--TWO gentle, men travelling to London from the meeting of he Social Science Association had 0s a fellow i raveller a person of unmlstakeably "horsey" ap. oaroance, who for a long time took no interest in the conversation, which was chiefly on philo. sophy and history. "I thik,' at last said oe r of them, "that Macaulay's-style was sometimes not unlike Voltaire's." At this the "horsey" to. dividual, who bad been dosing, opened his eyes with an expression of manh relief at what he bought an agreeable change to the oonversntion, nl broke in: "I tell you what, I never saw toataolsy, bat if his style was anything like old Vol'aire's, he most har" been a good sort, for 'litaire did get over I.is ground uncommonly fastL" - A MfAKE.uv BLnUNDE.-A very laughable mistako is made up in the following mixture of two newspaper articles-one eoncerniog a oreacher, and the other about the freaks of a mad dog-whieh occurred in a hrried make-.p: "Jthe Rev. James Thompson, rector of St. Andrew's Church, preached to a long coocourse of people on Sunday last. This was his last sermon. In a few- weeks he will bid farewell to his congregation, as his physician advises him to cross the Atlantic. He exhorted his brethren and sisters, and after tha conclusion of a short prayer took a whim to cut up some frantic freaks. He ran up.Timothy.street to Co'!oge. At this stage f of the proceedings a couple of boys seized him and tied a tin kettle to his tail, and he again started. A great crowd collected, and for a time there was a grand scene of running and conlosion. e After a long race he was finally shot by a police. man." 