MONDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1866. Annus Mirabilis, 1866, will to-day be numbered' with its predecessors. Some review of its events is appropriate, and may be useful. We leave to other hands the task of recording what has passed in Europe, and of suggesting an apposite moral. . It belongs to us to take note of what has happened among ourselves, and to forecast the influence which it may exercise upon our future. And if in Europe men have held their breath with astonishment at the sudden- ness and greatness of the changes which have been effected in the boundaries and destinies of old-established states, we can record a transition from a state of politi- cal turmoil,confusion, and strife to one of quiet and order. "When the year com- menced we were in the midst of a gene- ral election, and the McCulloch Ministry were seeking to obtain the sanction of the votes of the democracy to the powers which, they had claimed to exercise under authority of only one branch of the Legislature. And this sanc- tion they obtained. A majority of the voters-although not a large one- affirmed the Ministerial policy, and seemed to promise for it ultimate triumph. Such a triumph for it, how- ever, was happily nob realised. Not- withstanding threats of the consequences which would ensue, the Legislative Council stood firm in their resolve that all the powers of the government should not be arrogated to itself by a single Chamber, under the guidance of an unscrupulous Ministry. The result is known to all. Those who had taken unconstitutional ground were compelled to recede. The compro- mise which took place between the two Houses practically established and confirmed the principles, that the checks upon rash legislation which the Constitution Act has provided must be allowed their legitimate influence, and that the temporary ascendancy of mere numbers must not be permitted to supersede the authority of law. The power of the Crown has been exer- cised so as to affirm these great prin- ciples. The removal of Sir CHARLES DARLING from "the head of affairs was forced upon the Secretary of State by the very conditions under which that office was bestowed. The ex- perience which as a community we have gained should be of permanent benefit to all parties amongst us. It is ad- mitted by the most conservative that the popular will under such a government as ours is irresistible whenever unmistak- ably and constitutionally expressed. On the other hand, the most ardent demo- crat -must desire that no factitious influences should be. employed which would make that will tyrannical and un- just. Every candid person will admit that, the majority which carried the Ministerial measures in the last session of the Assembly exercised an influence disproportioned to the whole number of the electors. All, therefore, who value full representation must desire some such arrangement of our electoral system as that which Mr. HARE has advocated, and which has worked so advantageously in Denmark. In any future modifica- tion of our Constitution Act, the repre- sentation of minorities should clearly be provided for. The operation of the Land Act during the past year has revealed its defects, and has shown that the number of the disappointed is out of all proportion to the few lucky selectors. It is unavoid- able that the amendment of the act should engage the attention of Parlia- ment next session, and it will be impos- . sible to continue to the head of the Land department the powers which he at pre- sent possesses, and impossible to permit him, by his own mere will, to authorise selections under the 42nd clause to four times the extent which that clause pro- vides for. And whatever may be done to promote settlement, the law must carefully define the conditions under which it may take place, and leave as little to the discretion of the Minister as may be. The Legislature will cer- tainly take order that while due facilities for obtaining/land are secured to the. bona fide agriculturist, the national domain shall not be squandered, nor a great producing interest ruthlessly sacri- ficed. The present Ministry deserve credit for carrying through Parliament the Water Supply Bill, as well as for the preliminary works which have been undertaken. It is also due to the Ministry that acknowledgement should be made of their resistance to the pres- sure which was attempted to be put upon them, to anticipate the raising of the special loan in London, and to carry out extensive works merely upon the credit of Government. Although Minis- ters did but perform their duty in awaiting the results of Mr. VERDON'S mission to London, it is the more pleas- ing to be able to commend their pru- dence and strict regard to duty, since it may perhaps be taken to indicate a determination for the future to observe right usage in their administration of public affairs. The importance of an adequate supply, of water to the gold-fields and to the coun- try districts, cannot be over estimated. Mining operations will be rendered more productive and permanent than they have ever been before, and agriculture will be facilitated in those districts - where water was not immediately acces- sible. When all the works contemplated shall have been completed, and arbori- culture and pisciculture carried out in connexion with them, not only will the aspect of the country be materially im- pioved in many directions, but even the atmospheric conditions of large areas of land materially and beneficially altered, and an important addition be made to the supply of food for the people. No more pregnant illustration of the ad- vantage of an adequate supply of water to the country could have been afforded than that which the present season sup- plies, in contrast with that of last year. Owing to the copious rains with which we have boen favoured, we have the promise of an abundant harvest, and of a consequent increase to the material wealth of the country. The year 1866 will for a long time b remarkable for the success of the Intercolonial Exhibition, which is still open. The Australasian colonies have thus been brought together in friendly rivalry, and have each exposed to the other the variety and extent of their natural resources ; so that all have had the opportunity of learning how vast is the field which is open to capital and industry. If Aus- tralia cannot compare with America in the extent of fertile land which she possesses, she has such variety of climate and soil that she can produce in abundance all, or nearly all, the neces- saries and luxuries of life. And we have seen that it is only necessary we should work together as kindred com- munities, in order severally as well as unitedly to realise high material pro- sperity. Perhaps it is an omen for good that the present opportunity is to be taken advantage of to arrange the question of the Border duties and the service with England. If the tes who will shortly meet together y wisdom, moderation, and a due rn for the common good, they may e pattern of a federal council by h intercolonial questions may be factorily settled, and measures be n for the general benefit. In a review of the year, we should perhaps not overlook the commission which has been appointed to consider educational arrangements of the colony. As a first step, the appointment of the commission should be chronicled, though the record of the results which may follow from it will belong to the ixt and succeeding years. We should mention with satisfaction the con- dation by the Attorney-General of the Victorian statutes. Notwithstanding the effects of the work, future attempts of kind will be much facilitated by what has been done, and even at pre- at the convenience of the legal stu- nt and of the general reader has been uch promoted. If, however, Mr. Higinbotham has performed an ac- ceptable service to the colony, he has t, as some seem disposed to claim, performed a feat which is unparalleled, consolidation of the statutes in Canada having been made so early as 1859. The system of public instruction pur- sued in Holland has now been in opera- tion, with some modifications, for sixty years, and upon this ground alone merits examination. Purely secular in its character, it is based upon this funda- mental principle, that the inculcation of dogmas should be left to the ministers of religion, while ethical teaching should be undertaken by the schoolmaster. It was laid down as an organic regulation by the Grand Pensionary SCHIMMEL- PENNINCK, in 1806, that " instruction " ought to be so arranged that the " study of useful knowledge should " be accompanied by the develop " meut of the intellectual faculties, " and that the pupils should be prepared " for the exercise of all the Christian " virtues." The various religious deno- minations were invited to promote this system, and responded favourably to the appeal; and M. CUVIER, who visited Holland in 1806, and M. COUSIN, who investigated its educational institutions in 1836, testified to the beneficial effects of the system, and were delighted to find the children of Protestant, Roman Catholic, and Jewish-parents, seated side by side on the same forms, and receiving common instruction, exempt from the alloy of sectarianism. In 1857, the principle of secular education became the object of violent attack by the ultra- Protestants, and it is curious to observe them applying to it precisely the same epithets which the ultra-Catholics of Ireland had directed a few years pre- viously against the " godless colleges" established in the latter country. The mixed schools were denounced as atheistic, and as the " nurseries of " irreligion and immorality"—so iden- tical is the spirit of bigotry in all creeds. On the other hand, the Roman Catholics of Holland were the warmest supporters of secular education. Ultimately a project of law was adopted, by which it was declared that it should be the duty of the public schoolmaster " to develope " the germ of the social and Christian vir " tues." But this excited the ire of both ultra- Protestants and ultra-Catholics, whose suspicious fears and intemperate opposition were rebuked by the emi- nent statesman who then filled the office of Minister of the Interior, M. THOR- BECKE, who reminded them that "the " invisible work of Christianity in the " conscience and outside of dogmatic " confessions, is infinitely more general, " more profound, and more powerful, " than that which lies on the surface " inside of ecclesiastical circles ; that " Christianity has penetrated our legis- " lation, our manners, our ideas, and the " whole of society. It has become a " civil and secular force, the soul of our " civilisation, a current of living water " which has permeated our social polity " in all its elements. It is the influ- " ence of this Christianity which must " make itself felt in our public in " struction whether the law wills " it or otherwise. The school will be " Christian, because it is the emanation " of a Christian society." It is credit- able to the Jewish fraternity in Holland that they frankly accepted this defini- tion of the phrase " Christian virtues," because they were synonymous with those social virtues which were acknow- ledged and revered by religious people of all denominations. Thanks to the combined action of moderate Protestants, moderate Catholics, and Jews, this bill became law ; and recent statistics show that ten per cent, of the population of Holland are in attendance at the schools, and that one third of the pupils are in the receipt of gratuitous instruction. Although the law does not make education com- pulsory, yet in certain provinces there, are communal laws in force which have this effect. In those of Drenthe and of Over Yssel, for example, a regulation of this kind has been in force for three hundred years ; all the parents of children who have attained the age of eight years being liable to a small tax for each child, whether the latter attends school or does not. In the province of Groningen, which is considered to be one of the most enlightened in Holland, it was observed about thirty years ago that the number of children in attendance at the schools was gradually diminishing. Con- sequently a regulation was put in force in 1839, by which every father of a family was called upon to contribute a certain amount to the provincial school fund for each child between the ages of six and twelve, unless he could show that such child was being educated at a private school or at home If sent to a public school, the child received instruction as an equivalent for the tax. So well did this regulation work, that in a few years there was an increase of fifty per cent, in the number of children at the schools, while the number of absentees fell to something insignificant, A similar law is in force in Lower Canada, where, in addition to the rates assessed upon all real property within the limits of each municipality or dis- trict by the school commissioners, con- stituting in the aggregate a sum equal to that allowed out of the common school fund, such commissioners are further authorised to demand a sum of not less than five nor more than forty cents, per month during eight months of the year, for each child of from seven to fourteen years of age, capable of attending school, from each father or mother, tutor, or curator of a family. This payment, which is obligatory on the parents of all children who cannot be proved to be receiving instruction, confers a right to education on the children in whose name it is enforced. Persons in indigent circumstances and the parents of children afflicted with lunacy, blindness, dumbness, &c;, are exempted. To show the financial re- sults of this system in Lower Canada, it is only necessary to analyse 'the sources of its educational revenue for' the year 1864, as under :- , Dols. Common school fund.112,158 Local assessments. ... 266,673 Tax on parents. 321,037 Assessment for building purposes ... 15,553 705,421 Thus it will be seen that the state con- tributes less than one sixth, and the parents of children entitled to a com- mon school education nearly one-half, of the amount expended for that pur- pose. The Panama Mail steamer entered Sydney Heads at two o'clock' this morning. On receipt of our usual telegraphic messages a second edition of The Argus will be pub- lished. Yesterday was an extremely pleasant day at the seaside. A fine strong south- south east breeze blew up the bay, creating just sufficient sea to make boating exciting, immense numbers of visitors promenaded the railway pier throughout the afternoon, the steamship Royal Standard, and the many fine ships now alongside the pier being objects of great attraction. Numerous parties also put off, notwithstanding the chances of a wetting, to visit tile Great Britain, which showed conspicuously amongst the numerous craft in the bay. The Bishop of Melbourne yesterday after- noon administered the rite of confirmation to ten young persons, at St. Mary's Church, Caulfield. His lordship preached at this place of worship both in the morning and evening, the church being well filled on each occasion. . - To-morrow, being a general holiday, all the telegraph stations in Victoria will be open only during the following hours:- From half-past eight a.m. to ten a.m, and from six p.m. to seven p.m. Mails will be received at and despatched from the Post-office as usual; but the General Post-office will only be open from nine a.m. to ten a.m. for delivery of letters. The early morning delivery by the carriers will take place as usual. . The number of visitors to the Intercolonial Exhibition on Saturday was considerably swelled by Christmas holiday-makers, many of whom were from the country. The musical entertainments in connexion with the Exhibition were a marked attraction. The Head-quarters Band played during the afternoon ; and in the evening the Lancashire Bellringers performed, in conjunction, with Madame Carandini, Miss Rosins Carandini, and Mr. Walter Sherwin, Mr. D. Lee supple- menting the entertainment by performances on the organ, Tho number of visitors was as follows:-Season pass tickets, from ten a.m. to half-past five p.m., 978 ; from half-past seven p.m. to ten p.m, 390. Cash admis- sions- From ten a.m. to half-past five p.m, 1,150; from half-past seven p.m. to ten p.m., 1,178. Total, 3,702. With a view to supplement the inherent attrac- tions of the Exhibition during the present holiday week, the Commissioners of the Exhibition have re-engaged Madame Caran- dini, Miss Rosina Carandini, and Mr, Sherwin, and have also arranged with Miss Fanny Carandini, and the celebrated cornet-a piston player, Mr. Kohler, to give a concert every afternoon, commencing at half-past two o'clock. Mr. Lee will continue his performances on the organ as usual. On Thursday, the 10th, a great novelty will be presented to the season-ticket holders and the public, in the form of the grandest choral performance of " Messiah " that has yet taken place in Australia. On this occasion the whole of the Exhibition Chorus, amounting to some 380 voices, will assist, and the sole accompaniment will be the organ. There is ample precedent for this, numerous perform- anecs of a similar nature having been given constantly in London, Liverpool, Manchester Glasgow, Birmingham, and elsewhere. The soloists will be selected from the best singer available In Melbourne. As Mr. D. Lee will be absent on a visit to Sydney, the commis- sioners' musical conductor, Mr. C. E. Horsley, will preside at the organ, and Mr. G. O. Rutter, well known in musical circles as an ac- complished amateur, will conduct. The athletic sports on the Melbourne cricket-ground on Saturday, in which the aboriginal cricketers took part, were very successful, and excited great interest amongst the 3,000 spectators by whom they were wit- nessed. The blackfellows won most of the events including the Hurdle Race, in which the winner received fifteen yards start from Mr. Harrison. His Excellency Sir Henry Man- ners Sutton, Lady Manners Sutton, and the other members of His Excellency's family, were present during the greater part of the afternoon. An amateur concert of vocal and instru- mental music, coupled with select reading; was given to the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum, in connexion with the Christmas outside rejoicings, on Thursday evening last, by Miss Warden and Mr, Llewelyan, assisted by Messrs. Robertson, Basanne, McLean Connor, Gamble, Mansen, Marshall, and Tur- ner. The entertainment was a thorough success, and elicited the warm plaudits of the assembled inmates. Councillor Macpherson, as representing the Committee of Manage- ment, presided. The Christmas festivities at the Yarra Bend Asylum were brought to a conclusion on Friday evening last, when a large assem- biage met in the recreation-hall (which was very tastefully decorated) to enjoy the various amusements provided. First came dancing, then Mr. Patterson and Mr. McNaught read passages from Mansie Waugh and Handy Andy; and following these, came Mr. Wivell, whose magic lantern and descriptions of the pictures caused great amusement. After- wards Mr. Rae delivered a " Curious Sermon, " (selected from Carpenter's Penny Readings vol. ii.) ; and then dancing was resumed, and continued up to the usual hour. All present seemed cheerful and happy, and to have had a "Merry Christmas." The employes of the Government railway department, with their families, made their usual annual excursion on Friday last, to Middle Gully and Woodend. A train of nine carriages left Williamstown at half-past six a.m., and proceeded to Melbourne, where the excursionists were joined by their fellow workmen and friends, the aggregate number being about 250 persons. They then pro- ceeded to their destination. At Middle Gully a large number got out, the remainde continuing their journey to Woodend. At both places fires were made, and breakfast obtained, after which some of the visitors went into the bush to shoot birds ; others proceeded to Mount Macedon, ascended its summit, and viewed the hanging rocks of that locality ; while others took charge of the juvenile portions of the company and remained in the vicinity of the railway. The usual games on such occasions were intro- duced, such as cricket, kiss in the ring, run- ning, jumping, &c.;, young and old appearing to enjoy themselves in the highest degree. The return train left Woodend at ten minutes past eight, and arrived in Melbourne at ten minutes to eleven, the people express- ing themselves highly pleased with the day's excursion. We mentioned on Saturday that Mr. MacBain, M.L A..for the Wimmera district, is about to visit Europe. He will not leave the colony, however, until the 28th of February, and will, therefore, be in his place in Parlia- ment on the meeting of that body. His "stay in the mother country and America (which he will probably visit) will not exceed nine or ten months. Considerable retrenchments are to be made in some of the Government departments at the commencement of the year. At the police depot, Jolimont, the various mechanics who have been employed at their respective trades have received notice that they will be required to join the force, undergo' the necessary drill, and do duty as constables, or their ser- vices will be no longer required. Notice has also been given to the banks that the gold. escort will be withdrawn, and that monthly protection can only be granted, and that by the local constabulary. At the Botanical gardens, also, a system of rigid economy is to be inaugurated at the same date. The annual festival of the new and flourishing " Musical Union " of Prahran is to come off to-morrow, and will possibly lead to the repetition of the celebration on many succeeding New Years' days. The affair is to take the shape of a picnic, the chief amuse- ment in connexion therewith being the per- formance of vocal music, glees, part songs, and so forth. All this last will be under the direct management of Mr. Julius Herz, the energetic conductor of the society ; and as the leading musical artists of Melbourne, professional and amateur, will be present as invited guests, there will be much eclat given to the occasion. The rendezvous for those who join the festival will be the Gardiner's Creek Railway Station, at ten a m. punctually, and the party will then proceed in cabs to the spot selected for the celebration, on the south bank of the Yarra, at Toorak. The Red House races, at Northcote, were not so well attended as usual, only about 500 persons having spared themselves from more serious amusements to attend Goyder's race meeting. The Novel Race was one by Mr. Vail's Little Sue, ridden by Lees. Mr. Goyder's old chesnut, Suffolk Punch, won a match against Mr. Bennett's Flora, but had to succumb to Mr. Wartman's Tommy in the Handicap Trot. Mr. Skidmore's Black Bess won the Red House Handicap, and Mr, Goyder's Topthorne won the Hurdle Race. About forty of the electors of the Lilydale district met, at the Crown Hotel, on Thurs- day evening, at a dinner given to Mr. Wat- kins, M.L.A. Mr. Mitchell, of Steel's Flat Station, presided, and Mr. McIntyre, chairman of the local board, occupied the vice-chair. Messrs. B. G. Davies and McLellan, M.L.A.'s, and Mr. Humffray were among the guests, A very agreeable evening was spent. It appears to be probable that some of Mr Learmonth's friends will appeal to Parliament by petition against the return of Mr. Rolfe for the South-Western Province. On Saturday there were 306 persons de- tained in the Central Gaol, classified as foIlows : - Awaiting trial-before the Su- preme Court, 4 males, 1 female; before ma- gistrates, 7 males ; under sentence of hard labour, 148 males, 20 females. Detained-for imprisonment, 48 males, 45 females ; as lana- tics, 3 males, 1 female ; in default of bail, 16 males, 7 females : debtors, 4 males. Total, 230 males, 76 females. A meeting of the Victoria Racing Club takes place this afternoon at Scott's Hotel at four o'clock p.m., to consider the disquali- fication of the jockey Davis (who rode The Dane at Ballarat) by the committee of the club. It is announced by advertisement in an- other column, that on and after the 1st of January (to-morrow), important alterations will be made in the names of a number of stations on the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company's lines. Special trains will run at short intervals to-morrow between Spencer-street and the racecourse. The district coroner held an inquest at the Yarra Bend yesterday, on the body of George Wilkinson, who was in custody in the asylum as a lunatic. The deceased was admitted into the asylum in November, 1865. He had for some time previously been suffering from an ulcer in his left leg, which became worse and worse, and notwithstanding that every attention was paid to the wound the man died on the 28th inst, modification having previously set in. A verdict of " Death from mortification of the foot" was returned. An inquest Was hold by Mr, Candler, at East Collingwood, on Saturday, touching the death of a little child named George Rourke. The child had been left in charge of a woman named Anne Brown, who received 6s. a week for its support. About a fortnight after- wards he took the measles, and the nurse obtained on order for a doctor to see him, but she could not get one to attend. She went twice to Mr. Hadden, a surgeon, and ex- plained the case to him, telling him at the same time that she thought 'the child would die, but this gentleman would not come and see the deceased, who shortly afterwards died. Mr. Hadden on 'being sworn, stated that when asked by the woman Brown to attend on the child he was so busy that he could not do so. He afterwards received a note asking him to attend a child who had the measles, but he did not know that it referred to the deceased. Tho cause of death he had found, from postmortem examination, to be scarlet fever and he believed that the child would not have lived even if witness had attended on him. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the cause of death was scarlet fever, but added a rider expressing an opinion that Mr. Hadden was censurable for not attending upon the deceased child, after having led the nurse to believe that he would do so. Mr. Candler held an inquest, at Flemington Bank, on the 28th inst, into the origin of the fire by which the premises of Messrs. Wm Paterson and Co. were burned. Roger Par- sons, who was in charge of the candle manufactory on the night of the 24th stated that he awoke in the night, a found the corner of the press-room in flames. He immediately gave an alarm, and soon afterwards three men from the bone factory come to his assistance. There was a hose on tho premises, but it was not available for use consequently the men were not able do anything to stop the fire : the whole premises wore on fire in less than 10 minutes. There has been no work carried on on the premises for several weeks past The witness stated that when he went to bed at nine o'clock, there was no fire in the place. It is estimated that the loss through the fire is about £3,000. The jury returned a verdict that there was no evidence to show how the fire had originated, but they were of opinion that it was the work of an in- cendiary. The Christmas entertainments at the theatres were well patronised on Saturday evening, and the day performances which took place at the Royal and Princess's, for the especial behoof of the youthful portion of the community, were also largely attended. The pantomimic tricks having improved by repe- tition, there was little room for fault- finding with any of the Christmas, pieces, which seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed by the large holiday audiences who witnessed their representation. There was no perform- ance at the Polytechnic hall, in consequence of Mrs. Gourlay having been taken ill very suddenly in the course of the afternoon. Yesterday afternoon the remains of Thomas Mouat, a boatman in the Customs depart- ment, who died from disease of the lungs, resulting from injuries received at Sandridge in October last, through being thrown out of one of the boats in a heavy sea, were Interred in the Williamstown Cemetery. The de- ceased was thirty-nine years of age. Being a member of the Williamstown Naval Brigade, the volunteers turned out In full force, and, headed by their band, paid to the deceased their last tribute of respect-the honours of a military funeral. The coffin was placed on a gun carriage, which was covered by the Union Jack, and drawn by ten members of the Customs department, the troops following slowly in double file. The Foresters of Wil- liamstown were also in attendance, and a large number of other residents joined in the procession. At the cemetery the usual "fare- well shots" were fired over the grave. A large fire broke out at" Williamstown about three o'clock on Sunday morning, which resulted in the total destruction of the premises known as the Marine Hotel, and two shops adjoining, together with a large store-house and all the other offices at the rear of the buildings. The fire was first seen by a constable on duty, who observed a dense volume of smoke issuing from the roof of the hotel. He immediately raised an alarm, and it was not without some difficulty that he "succeeded in rousing the inmates, who had been only a short time in bed. The ser- vant-girl had a narrow escape. She was sound asleep in one of the upper rooms when the cry of "Fire" was raised, and it is stated that on waking she found herself surrounded by the flames, and had just sufficient time to rush from her bed into the street. The hotel was built of wood and stone, and was situated on the south-east cornerof Thomp- son-street and Little Nelson-street. At- tached to the hotel in Thompson-street were two stores, formerly occupied by Messrs. Stewart and Carrick, and next to these is the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. In Little Nelson-street, a large weather- boarded bllliardroom was joined to the hotel, and attached to the billiard room were some "wooden stables, which advanced to a right-of way at the rear of the block. At the back of the shops was the store-house, also built of wood, which ran parallel with the stables back to the right of-way. All these, except- ing the stone and brickwork and a few charred and blackened timbers, have been levelled with the ground. Although there was little or no wind at the time, the flames spread with great rapidity along Thompson- street and Little Nelson-street, attacking the shops and the billiard room simultaneously, and then the stabling and the store-house Fortunately the bank was a substantial stone building, with high parapets, and resisted the fire successfully, some trifling damage to the roof being the only injury sustained. The local fire brigade were present, but owing to an acci- dent to the hose there was some delay in bring- ing the Yan Yean to bear on the flames. Two streams of water, however, were brought into requisition just in time to save a large block of wooden buildings (which had already ignited) on the opposite side of Little Nelson street. By the exertions of the firemen Mr. Rea's sail-loft was also saved. The value of the property destroyed cannot be less than £2,000. Mr, Thomas Stewart is the owner of the premise. We understand that they were insured in tho Victoria office for £1,250. The occupier of the hotel is insured in the Northern office for £500 on his furniture and stock. One of the shops was empty ; the other was occupied by Mr. James Thomson a grocer, who only saved a few stores, and is uninsured. At present there is not the slightest clue as to the origin of the fire. Bush-fires, fortunately of small extent, an reported as having broken out in the neigh- bourhood of Ballarat. Edwin Roberts, one of the proprietors of a quartz-crushing machine in the neighbour- hood of Castlemaine, has been committed for trial on a charge of stealing amalgam Roberts superintended the crushings. Mr. Bland has matured a scheme for bring- ing in water from Birch's Creek to the Port Phillip Company's works. It is proposed to put down pumps that will throw about 100 gallons per minute, at an estimated coat for plant, race, &c;" of about £3,500., Any surplus water not required by the Port Phillip Com- pany will be sold to the public. The esti- mated saving to this company by dispensing with the use of their present pumps, and the diminished wear and tear of boilers, saving of fuel, &c;, amounts to £34 16s. per week, and in addition to this it is expected that more gold will be saved by the use of clean water. One grain of gold per ton additional saved equals a value of £9 3s. 4d. per week. On the night of the 18th instant, two of Kerr's revolvers, a pistol case, and a sword- belt, were stolen from the police barracks at Benalla. The thief has not been found. An attempt, fortunately futile, was made a few nights ago to burn down the Badford Arms Hotel, Scarsdale. No suspicions are entertained as to who the persons were. Two men were seen near the hotel a few minutes before the fire was discovered ; but no motive can be assigned for the attempt. A Maldon miner, named Robson Moore was out shooting one morning lately ; he had a double-barreled gun, which he handled so carelessly that both barrels went off at once. The concussion was great, and the butt having struck him on the face, broke the bone of his nose. He was so seriously hurt that he lies in Maldon Hospital in a dan- gerous state. A free selector, named Dowsett, in the are of Kiora, near Ararat, has sustained a severe loss. He was burning some grass, with view to the protection of his "homestead from bush-fires, when a spark flew into a stack of hay, and set it on fire. The flames spread to the dwelling- house, which also was destroyed. The poor fellow's loss is estimated at £170. A large stringy-bark tree, near Blackwood, was shattered to pieces by a lightning bolt during a severe thunderstorm, which took place there one day last week. An agitation is about to be commenced in the district of Bacchus Marsh, for the purpose of drawing the attention of the Govemment and tee public to the claims of the locality for water supply for the purposes of irriga- tlon. An officer of the Gisborne road board, named Hearn, was thrown from his horse by the slipping of the saddle-girth, while he was riding near Gisborne on Monday evening last. His injuries rendered him insensible and he died on the following morning, never having rallied. He leaves a widow and two children. Blackwood is no longer so inaccessible to visitors as it was. Public conveyances have commenced to run between that township and Kyneton. Two drunken fellows, who had been lying sprawling on the public road about half a-mile from Ballan, on Wednesday afternoon, succeeded in frightening a horse ridden by Mr. Clarke, builder, Ballan, as he attempted to pass. The result was that Mr. Clarke was thrown heavily to the ground, and so seriously injured that his recovery cannot but be slow. The unfortunate man was only just recover- ing from a very severe accident of a similar kind. The aboriginal cricketers are about to play a match at Geelong with members of the Corio Club. A founder, named Morgan, living at Scars- dale, made a desperate attempt to commit suicide a few days ago. He jumped head- foremost into a water hole, but was rescued by a miner, and after an hour's exertion he was restored to consciousness. He had been drinking heavily. An accident occurred to the Maryborough mail coach, on Friday, near Tarrengower, when on the way to Castlemaine. One of the front wheels came off without warning, and the coach went over on its side, the horses at the same time taking fright. The guard succeeded in stopping the team, and the passengers sustained no injury. A coach was borrowed, and the passengers were carried on with the mails to " the great centre" with- out much delay. It appears that the Chinaman, arrested in Melbourne on suspicion of being the person who lately broke out of the lock-up at Sand- hurst, was not the man " wanted" for that offence. Mr. Thompson, of Clunes, has visited Sandhurst, and explained to a number of persons there, deeply interested in quartz mining, his theory for the saving of gold in pyrltes and tailings. The meeting was public, and Mr. Thompson's explanations were re- ceived with great satisfaction, as being of a practical character. A man named Dick has been arrested in Melbourne, on a warrant from Geelong, on a charge of having brutally kicked an abori- ginal named Timbo, who has since died. A young man named Edward Fitzgerald was killed on Sunday morning week, on the road to Glenorchy, by falling from a dray which he was driving at a dangerous pace. He had only been two years in the colony. On the same day, a young woman named Louisa Rosewell was killed in the same neigh- bourhood by the upsetting of a cart which she was driving. During a cricket match at Amherst on Boxing day one of the players sustained a sunstroke. He is now progressing favourably towards recovery. A lad of twelve years of age, named George Henderson, was taken into the hospital yes- terday afternoon with a fractured thigh, the result of a fall from a tree. Two English thrushes have been heard and seen in the bush near Maryborough. On Boxing-day a party were on their way from the Adelaide Lead to a picnic on the Bet Bet. They were in a cart, when the blinkers of the mare in the shafts having fallen, she became frightened and bolted. The cart was upset before the startled animal had gone many hundred yards, and the party were thrown out. Two females-Mrs, Shaw and Mrs. Saunders-had each an arm broken above the wrist, and sustained other less serious hurts. "A rather amusing scene," says the Ad- vertiser, "occurred at 'the warden's court, Maryborough, on Thursday morning. A complaint was lodged by a miner residing at the White-hills, to remove a fellow-miner named Murdoch from possession of a site for a puddling-machine. The warden found that, subject to obtaining registration, the defen- dant was in rightful possession of the claim, as no objection had been lodged against his application. As soon as the decision was given both rushed from the court-the one to obtain registration, and the other to object. As the mining registrar's office is about 150 yards from the court house, and both men had a fair start, the neck and-neck race down the hill was of the fleetest kind, and would have placed the men winners at any of the foot races that have come off at the Christmas sports. The mining registrar was quietly standing at his door, hardly expecting such a rush of business during the miners' Christ- mas vacation, when he was astonished by seeing the two litigants rushing frantically towards him, and simultaneously clamouring for registration. Both applicants were refused until the warden had been consulted, bat ulti- mately the defendant Murdoch was granted the coveted title." The Hokitika papers to hand by the steam- ship Alhambra, report the discovery of a pay- able quartz reef in a branch of the Hokitika River, in a country very difficult of access. A township called Brighton has sprung up at Fox's Diggings. A letter from that gold- field states that the body of a man about forty-five years of age had been found at the foot of the track which leads over the hill at the foot of Jacob's Ladder. The body was dressed in the usual mining garb. The miners who discovered it found £61 in money in a bag in the trousers pocket, also £1 8s. in silver in a portemonnaie, and in one of the pockets a compass and square, which may possibly lead to the identification of the body. A swag, and a billy and pannikin, were lying beside the deceased. The columns of the latest Hokitika papers are filled, almost to the exclusion of other matter, with the examination of witnesses in the various cases to which the residence of Sullivan and his late companions in that locality gave rise. It will be sufficient to state that Wilson, alias Murray (who protested his innocence, but reserved his defence), was fully committed for trial for the murder of Mr. Dobson, and that De Lacy was committed for conspiring with Wilson and others to rob Mr. Fox, a gold-buyer. William Henry Chamber- lain meet with a similar fate on a charge of wilful and corrupt perjury on the trial of Burgess in Hokitika, for larceny ; and John A, Carr, formerly a constable, was under ex- amination for trial for stealing four revolvers, a sword belt, a cartouche pouch, and a pair of riding pants, in connexion with Burgess's gang, when the Alhambra sailed. The treasurer of the Deaf and Dumb Insti- tution acknowledges receipt of the following contributions towards tho Building Fund: £62 13s. from Mr. S. Seddon, hon. organist Christ Church, St, Kilda, being proceeds of a concert held in the town-hall, Prahran ; £25 from Messrs, Wilson Brothers, Horsham ; and £1 from Mr. B. B. Nicholson. 