I GENERAL NEWS. . Foundation-of St. Charles's R. 0. Church, Waverley.-Yesterday morning the foundation-stone of the new Roman Oatholio Ohuroh, of St. Charles Borromeo, at Waverley, was laid by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General Sheehy, according to the forms and ceremonies prescribed by the Roman Catholic ritual, and in the presence of a large number of the olergy and laity of that communion.-Tlio assemblage waa addressed by the Rev. P. N. Woolfrey and the Ven. Archdeacon MoEnoroe. The latter rev. gentieman, in the course of his remarks, made a touching allusion to the faot that the body of the first Christian ever buried in Australia (the Rev. P.-Receveur, chaplain to the La Perouse expedition) was buried in that parish, and adverted to the feelings with whioh he had first offered up a prayer by the side of the grave of that good priest, who died and was buried in the vicinity of that spot long before this country was colonised. After tho addresses a, col- lection was made et the stone-the Rev. T. M'Carthy, tbe Incumbent of St. Benedict's, acting as treasurer when upwards of £260 were subscribed. The new church of St. Charles Borromeo will be a cruciform structure, the altar facing the west, the principal entrance being on the eastern side. In the northern transept will be placed the oboir and in the southern will be the saoristy. Tbe length of the nave, or body of the obnrob, will be about seventy feet. The principal walls will be twenty five feet higb, and pierced by lancet windows,-the altar window being of a later date, and filled with elaborate tracery.- -Abridged from S. M. Herald, Jan 9. Wild Honey.-A Mr. Bray, of Molong, went about twenty milea in tbe bush the week before Isat, and, in the course of a few days, obtained about one hundred and fifty gallons of wild honey from the trunks of trees. The flavour of this honey appears to be fully equal to that made by domesticated bees.-Lachlan Reporter. The Markets in 8tdney.-Large qmutities of fruit are arriving daily from the country, and the markets have a very animated appearance. Feaohes are becoming quite common. Grapes, ourrantB, both red and blaok, goose- berries, nootarines, apples, and pears, are abundant, and find ready purchasers in the retail fruit dealers of the Buburbs, and tbe outskirts of the city. Good oabbages are rather source, but vegetable marrows and other escnlents are far from being scare's, thoagh the prices range somewhat higher than usual, on account of the recent dry weather.-Empire, Jan. 11. Monster Petition-The most numerously signed, and the most ponderous, petition ever laid on the table of tho Legislative Counoil waa presented yesterday, against the Five Per Cent. Ad Valorem Duties Bill, by the Honorable A. Campbell. It bore 9000 signatures, was 9 inches wide and 230 feet long J Ab the honorable gentleman went to nnroll it in order to road the prayer of the petition, it presented a very formidable appearance, and required the attention of one of the officer « of the Honse to steady it aa it lay on the President's desk nnder examination. It waa stated that all the signatures were affixed in four days, and by merohants, bankers, trades- ' men and other citizens : in faot by the most influential in the oommunity.-Empire, Jan. 11. Determined act or Self destruction.-The .Bril» bane Courier, of 6lh instant, Baye :-A distresaing oaae of snioide occurred on Friday, near to the Eagle Farm Racecourse. Mr. Julius Kopp was well known in Brisbane aa a teacher of music, and loader of the orchestra at the Viotoria Theatre He bad been Buffering from depression of spirits and illness, and on Friday morning did not at- tend rehearsal. He could not be found, although several messengers were sent in searoh of him. On the following morning, the worBt apprehensions were confirmed, intel- ligence being received in town to the efftct that Mr. , Kopp's body had been found in a waterhole. It appears that a man named Silvester Schwank, a gardener in the employ of Mr. James Sutherland, at Hillside Farm, re- ceived information that a hat and stick were lying on the bank of a waterhole, in a gully on the farm. Schwank, assisted by a fellow-labourer, named Voight, fished with a-orooked stick, the hole being sixteen feet deep, and after some trouble brought up the body of a man, whioh waa subsequently identified as being that of Mr. Kopp. On examination it was found that the fsoe wis blown into pieces, the sides of the mouth torn down, and a ball mark on the baok of the head. The right hand was raised up towards the faoe. The body was removed to the Morgue, where it now lies awaiting the coroner's inquest. The Goulburn Herald of the 10th instant reports that the funds of the Goulburn Hospital are now very low, the revenue not meeting the expenditure. At the morning and evening services at St Saviour's Cathedral, on the day of humiliation, collections were to be made in aid of the funds of the hospital. Tnn Weather.-There have been one or two heat showers Bines our last, and at the time of writing (Tues- day evening), the weather is cool and oloudy. Till yes- terday the heat was intense, the maximum in the shade being as follows .-On Saturday 101'7 ¡ Sunday, 104; Monday, 99 ¡ Tuesday 92.- Goulburn Herald, Jan. 10. Sale of Breadbtuffs -Messrs. L. E. Threlkeld and Co. report having sold on Wednesday, on Farrelly's Wharf, the balance of the cargo of Chilian breadalnffs ex Ailsa Craig, at the following prices ¡-Wheat, 8a. 6d. per bushel, bags If. each ; flour, in five ton lots, £21 7s. Gd. to£21 10s. ; ditto, in 25 ton lots, £20; balance, in one lot, £19 5s.-S, M. Berala, Jan. 11. ?' ?' ? "" " --« Tobacco on tue Lachlan.-The Forbes correspondent of the Wagga Express says:-"In consequence of bad management, and no other oause, the tobacco plantation of Mr. Dixson, of Sydney, in the neighbourhood of Forbes, has proved so far unsatisfiotory to the speculator, that " after an expenditure of nearly £3000 he has determined to give it np; and on Friday next, the land, bnildings, maohinery, utensils, stores, and everything connected with the concern will be sold by auotion. That first olasB tobaooo oan be grown in abundance on the Laohlan, is, however, a fact tully established, and although the retire- ment of a capitalist like Mr. Dixson will at first probably be felt as a loss to the distriot, it will notoheck in the least the operations of tobaooo growers by whom the nature of the soil and olimate is understood." ? Madame Anna Bishop.-From private letters received from this accomplished vocalist, dated the 12th November last, it appears that she was then in California, and was contemplating another trip to Australia. Her intention was to take her departure for Australia after an inter- mediate trip to Vancouver's Island and Oregon, so that her arrival here may be anticipated at no very distant date. She will be oordially weloorned hy a numerous body of friends and admirers.-S. M. Herald, Jan. 11. The second competition among the members of No. 1 Company of Sydney Volunteer Rifles, for the silver medal of the oompany, took plaoe on Tuesday, when Private Wickham, who had been first in the pre pious competition, was.again top scorer. \- The little township at Bouse Hill, on the road between \- Parramatta and Windsor, narrowly esoaped destruction by bush fire, on the 8th inBtant. A young man, named James Pitts, a reoent arrival ' from England, was drowned while bathing in a water- hole at the Laohlan, a few days ago, making the Bixth person drowned in dose proximity to the same spot within three years and a half. The Lachlan Reporter states that copious showers of rain had fallen up the river, oauaing a fresh. Fire Damp Explosions in Gold Diooinos.-Expío sion i of fire damp, a gas' generated by the decomposition ' of vcgdUb'e matter, have been of pretty frequent ooour renoe in the deop olaims of the Laohlan, and especially so during the last year or two. Several lives have been lost and a great number of miners have been seriously injured by these explosions, and in order to avert these for th» future the "Davy Lamp" has been introdn«^ by means of whioh the deep olaims of thi» äistriot oän be worked as Bifely as the coal- mines in ths north of England. Forbes Correspondant of Wagga Express. Tub Drocout and Bush Fires at Forbes -Our ForbsB correspondent writes thus :-No rain has yet fallen, nor do appearances indicate the probability of any «nob visitation. The weather is generally intensely hot, night and day, with suffocating dust-storms, four or five days in tha week on an average. On Sunday last, one of the most extraordinary obangea ooourred in the tem- perature ever heard of even in these oolonies, where sudden o bunges are so frequent. The previous day was exceedingly hot and oppressive, the mercury showing at noon 106 degrees in the shade, in a oool room. The .next day, at the same hour, the same thermometer had fallen to 64 degrees; while the thermometer at the Telegraph-offioe stood at 120 degrees in the shade at one period on Saturday, and 62 degrees at the same hour on Sunday, or 58 degrees lower ! The Laohlan Biver has oeased to run for some two or three weeks baok, and all the creeks, and nearly all the so called permanent water-holes, for scores of miles in every direc- tion, are dry. There ia no food anywhere in the neigh- bourhood of the river, or anywhere else where water is still obtainable, everything in the shape of vegetation having been long eaten np. Bush-fires are to lie seen illuminating the horizon in all direotioss around Forbes evory night, by whioh the atmosphere is so suroharged with smoko that it is almost unbearable during the day, and, as the natural oonsequenoe of Buoh a fearful state of ¿flings, borses, cattle, and sheep are djing every hour. Stations are abandoned ; the siokly young oorn-orops have been generally out for hay ; the potato orops in this dis . trict are utterly destroyed, unless it may lie the autumn rains, should theyoome, induce a seoond growth; and everything pastoral and agricultural looks most alarm- ingly dismal.-S.U. Herald, Jan 11. 