A NEW YEAR'S OFFERING. To the Editor of the Perth Gazette & W. A. Times. SIR,-A Happy New Year to you ! This is 1866! It is long ages ago since the Pagan world heard the shuddering cry come up from the reedy shores " Great Pan is dead"-since Jove nodded himself to sleep, and Hercules settled down to the "enjoyment of a rest im- pervious to mortal outcries, after his labors in the Public Works' Department of his day. Everywhere, under the influences of a Chris- tianity which at least believes in steam and electricity, and backs its Bishops in partibus with Enfield rifles, men have learnt that it is useless to call upon the Gods, let them be never so badly bogged. Everywhere they see there is nothing for it but to lay into the hides of their team and set their own shoulders to the wheel to boot. Everywhere-that is to say except in Western Australia which is the verit- able "Micawber" among the British Colonies. We are always waiting for " something to turn up," and crying, out with even less excuse than the Pagans of old, for the intervention of the most impracticable dcus ex machina that credu- lous mortals ever set up for themselves-or bowed down to when set up for them, to wit Dr. Hampton. Just now apparently some of us are " waiting" to see whether the Secretary of State will pull His Excellency's strings in a parliamentary way. Others are " waiting" till the men of the South shall arrive to show them how many sheep our neglected lands will carry, after they are all taken up by men having capital eyes and capital brains, to match those by aid of which such men as Walter Padbury, John Tay- lor, Henry Gray, and others of their kidney have somehow contrived to make the less im portantmonetary capital, without such guidance. And at least *' One of the Injured," to whose moans you gave a column last week, is "wait- ing" for the Governor to prevent industrious policemen from keeping cows which are not milked into the Injured One's till ! Sir, you are occasionally justly sarcastic upon the state of things among us ; but you should sometimes stay your hand and let "mercy temper justice." It is quite too cruel to write 'of this Colony under this Government that there are " works that it is important should also be "pushed on with vigour whilst we have the " means." Is not that too bad Sir, when you read it again in cool blood ? Vigour and means, in Western Australia under Governor Hampton and a " respectable minority " ! In the name of the Prophet ! Figs ! ! Who can wait more vigourousfy for means than we have done for a whole generation ? I am not now going to discuss the question of the no-government of the colony, but only to remark, with your permission, on a few in- disputable facts. It is I believe sixteen years to-day since the Scindian arrived. Sixteen years since the col- lective wisdom of the colony inoculated our social system with the hideous ulcer of that con- vict element, against which other communities have set their faces like flints, and with suc ' cess. And having so sold their moral birth- right for such a mess, what has the colony to show as a counter-balance to the incubus with which we are helplessly saddled? I got a very practical reply the last time I rode into Perth. Upon the great arterial road of the colony, the only line of communication with King George's Sound, that is to say with England and the sister colonies ; within three miles of the centre of our civilization. Government House; I saw a moderately loaded dray with six good horses unable'to get along through the sand. I met the "Royal Mail" of the colony, a small spring -«cart with three horses which I was informed would convey the whole correspondence of our mercantile community to meet the P. & O. steamer at Albany, a distance of 265 miles, in about four days! A "vigourous" Colonial Mail carrying the vigourous Government dis- patches and the home correspondence of a people waiting for "means," at the rate of con- siderably under 21/2 miles per hour! In the midst of a fertile district residents in the me- tropolis of the colony have to pay one-and-nine pence, sometimes two shillings, per pound for butter, and eighteen-pence per dozen for eggs ; considerably above London rates for better produce. I and my neighbours within five and-twenty miles would be glad to pay our- selves fairly for our produce at half those rates ; but after sixteen years of this precious convict labour, we are practically excluded from the market by the same want of communications which shuts the more important commerce of the colony from the markets of the world. Well, Sir, not far from where I left my fellow sufferer to struggle through these evil ways I came upon the great work being now vigour ously hindered-the block road from Perth to- wards Albany. I have said there are some- thing like 265 miles to do ; there is a working party of from eight to eleven men upon it sometimes ; and if they are in full and steady work-which they never are for long-they can get over a distance of forty yards per week ! ! I estimate that bit of sand to be about four miles long, so that if the Governor were to keep the work going in full vigour we might hope to have that first little patch put upon the great road to England in a little more than two years and a half-say half a year after the supply of convict labor shall have been cut off. The en- gineering authority responsible for the con- struction of the bridge at North Fremantle is above and beyond all consideration of the axioms of modern science, or I might venture to hint that Macadam and common sense would alike condemn the manifest absurdity of making a block road as this is being made one half (longi- tudinally) at a time; the work, done at twice, will be far more costly, and inevitably detec- tive. What becomes of our "means" then, Sir ? The few miles of good road in and about Perth itself form no valid reply. Two ships have brought some 500 convicts within four months. Turn to your reports and you will find that the North, and the South/and Albany put together do not account for so many on the roads in all before the arrival of those batches. What will become of these Sir ? If we had any really responsible form of government, we might hope to learn but the " means" of get- ting at any reliable reply to such practical queries are not among our resources. I noticed that the reply on " the best authority" recently given in the organ of the " respectable minority" about the great broken-crockery question was most unsatisfactory ; but it dropped through as the Fremantle Bridge will-with no fuss about it. But, Sir, it is useless for you or me " or any other man" to indite platitudes about the developeuient of the resources of the country whilst, like your injured Fremantle corres- pondent we are each boiling his own penn'orth of meal in his own twopenny tin pot and look- ing to an irresponsible Government to keep the pot boiling. You say Mr. Bateman and Mr. Mason " complain" about detention of a few loads of timber, and Bickley & Co. come out now and then sensationally about Jetties and the like ; and here is a howl about a paltry basket of eggs or a load of hay from the Upper Canning. After all, and upon the whole, com- munities or peoples do get what they are fit for. The question really is whether Western Aus- tralians are fit for anything less obstructive in the way of a government than they get at pre- sent. I think we are, and that if the agitating "vermin" who at present complain each on his own small responsibility will pull heartily together we shall secure ere long a fair field for our energies and then we shall need to ask for no favour. I should be sorry to argue that the Government is alone responsible (for the lamentable backwardness of the colony. Things go badly when the social motto of a people is " Every man for himself and God for us all." But here things have been worse than that. " One of the Injured" at Fremantle does not appear to have astonished you by his theory of political economy, which would seem to be " Every man for himself, and the devil take the hindmost." Until a comparatively recent date government and people have been alike narrow and repulsive in their politics ; Caesar and Pompey have been very much alike ; es- pecially Pompey." Let the Government answer as it can for its own shortcomings; when weighed in any balance, even the most favour- able, it must be found wanting. But had Perth and Fremantle been settled by a handful of Yankees only six years ago instead of six and thirty, their mails would have averaged seven milesanhour, and their mail roads have been run through in some available form long ere this. As soon as the log huts were up Jonathan would have got his neighbors together in caucus and "resolved" his government and his roads to- gether. Even contact with our American cousins is contagious. Thirty years ago parts of Canada were worse off for communications than we are, inasmuch as the nature of the country is more difficult, and the severe winters stop everything for five months. Yet look at their timber trade now. We talk of our few loads, and our one to two hundred hands. That trade was set going by hard- headed strong-armed men whose capital lay in their heads and hands and pluck, who made their own " ways" and earned their own " means" and as matter of course soon brought capital about them. In the Ottawa district alone in 1863, twenty-seven millions of cubic feet of timber were cut, which employed twenty- five thousand men in getting it to market. It is estimated that twelve thousand barrels of pork, and fifteen thousand barrels of flour yearly are consumed in the production of square timber in that district ; and six thousand tons of hay, and two hundred and seventy-five thousand bushel of oats are required for the keep of the horses employed. But the men who created that trade, British Colonists, drove their government as well as their teams whenever government got obstructive ; and that by con- stitutional means. Their riots and rebellions arose out of quite other causes. If on the other hand our government want to know what can be done in the matter of roads, with forced labor; let His Excellency give him- self leave of absence and run over to Austria, where he will find that after 1849, with a bank- rupt treasury, the Austrian Government ran more than six hundred miles of a grand military road through the disturbed Hungarian country with the labor from the military prisons alone, in less than four years, right up to the heart of the Transylvanian mountains, and followed it up in two years more with nearly three hun- dred miles of railway. If His Excellency would stay away for two years,, the colony, adopting American system, might well afford to pay his salary and get the Albany and Southern Roads completed in the time; let the North have another hundred or so of hands ; and still have a surplus of savings out of which to present him with a testimonial for his self- sacrifice in let- ting us do our own work our own way. By the way, who is responsible for the Southern mail road to Bunbury and the Vasse ? Four days ago a bush-fire destroyed one of the bridges beyond Narrogen and the road is im- passable for vehicles ; but there are no signs of any person in authority having found it out yet. Can you poke up the proper official to order somebody to write to someone to give in- structions to some person to go some day to look at it, and report thereon in due course through the proper channel, with a view to its being considered and minuted upon, in order to its eventual repair. If you can secure its being done in a month or two, or at all events before the winter, you will oblige many besides, Yours truly, A SETTLER, Woongong, January 1, I866. 