I . . . SCAB"IN/SHEEP." ~ .,...,_., ...b -.j,, -uu,T ui niu-tjp iniectea with Boab I., íC various districts of tho colony, on 1st Novomtor last .ht long each lot has been under troatrnont ; and thonum¿! cured during tho y<hr 1865. »um»* At Cnnonbn thero woro 3348 infected shooD in h« i ? 1046 and 2302. The first lot had bcCXr ¿A BinccDocemberl8G4; the second since February ffií these sheep had been previously, disoased and cured T? number cured in tho district during tho year is 10 ¿16 At Merrowa thoro were 2100 infected shcop, ÍSM' h.* been undor treatment finco the end of October lfliu , 800 since March, 1863. 9950 wore cured in thU duS during tho year. uwinct At Mudgco thoro wero 1144 infected sheon whioh h^ been under treatment since July, 1864. In thii di"<7v2 3985 wero cured during the year. U ilihl<* At Newcastle thero wero 650 infected sheep which h^i been under treatment sinco Juno last. Thora is no rofnT of sheep cured in this diBtriot during tho yoar At Penrith thero woro 1312 infoctod sheep, io. loU of W7 300,35, and 470. They had been undor SÄTi thD0 inf' 219 ar° rcp0rted n8 oarod in thia distri<* during At Singleton thero wero 2705 infected sheep, in the folW agiota oí 1325, 800, 360, 220. Tho first three lotehAñ under treatment nineo July last, and tho lost sinco tho 7th AugUBt lnst ; but thero was disoaso on tho station in 1SRI Tho cures in this district aro given at 2591. At Sydney thero woro 1717 infected sheen which tua been under treatment Binco August last ; but some of ths (.beep on tho station wore foimeily diseased. 322 wa« cured during tho year. T In refcrenco to Tamworth details uro not given, but ti a number reported as cured ia tho distriot during the year u At Weo "Waa thoro wero 3746 infected shoep, in two lot« of 2853 and 893, which had been undor treatment Binon Fobrunry, 1863. 10,194 wore cured in this district durin» tho year. ° Total infected shoep at 1st Novombor, 1865, Iß 722 Total sheep cured during the present year, 75,923. This docs not include lambs. HAYMARKET IMMIOVBMUNT.-A mooting of tho Hay. market Improvement Committee was held last night at tho Burrangong Hotel, Gcorgo-strect South. The shoots o£ tigDaturcs to tho petition praying for increased markot accommodation at tho Haymarkot were handed in by tl a different persons entrusted with thoir collection. The sie. natures to tho petition numborod 1833. Tho chair waa taken by Mr. O'Ncil. A deputation consisting of Mr O'Noi), Mr. Hordern, and Mr. Tighe, was appointed lo" wait upon Alderman Sutherland, requesting him to prosont the petition to tho Municipal Council. Alter somo minor business tho meeting broko up. FOUND DROWNED.-Yesterday, tho City Coroner noll nn inqucBt, at tbo Observer Tavern, Lower George alnet. on viow of tbo body of James Scully, a man who was fooid drowned off Fort Macquarie, on Sunday morning. Deceased was a married man, ond lived in Bumoll-streot, Woolloo- mooloo ; bo was a nativo of Tipperary, and nt ono time waa a soldier, nt the Capo of Good Hopo ; in Sydnoy, tho do ceaecd earned a livelihood as a stonemason's labourer, but for eight weeks beforo his death had boen out of work, aid could barely obtain enough to oat. During tho last two years tbo unfortunate man suffered from a cough, and ho got medicino from tho Sydnoy Dispensary. Ho loft his home on Now Yenr's-night, and did not again return. On Thwhday morning, Scully went to the houso of a friond of his, Mrs. Hawkins', and there took breakfast. Ho told Sir», Hawkins that ho had boon out in tho bush since Mon- day night, and thnt ho bad had nothing to oat ia tho in- terim. She thought ho appeared vory dejected, and ho Enid himself that ho would not live long. Ho loft hir houeo on Thursday, and early on Sunday mouing his body was found by Henry Barnett, of tho ship Walter Hood, who wns poising Mrs. Mocqiiarie's chair m a boat. Tho body was about one hundred nnd fifty yards from tho shore. Barnett gnvo information to the Water Police, and they removed the body to tho deadhouso at tho Circular Quay, Deceased was a soker mon. Thero was no evidence to show how ho got into the water ; his body WOT not bruised ordis figurcd, and thero was nothing to indicate that doceasod had been subjected to violence. His wifo stated at tho inquest that her husband had often said that ho might bo as well dead as a!'ve, but ho had never said that ho would destroy himself. Tho medical testimony was to tho oflecfc that deceased had died from suffocation, by drowning. Verdict-" Deceased, oged 55 years, waa found drowned." Deceased's wife and children aro left in a state of penury. Mrs. Scully deposed yesterday that " abo had no friends, no relatives in tho colony, and no means of living." VOLUNTEER RIFLE SHOOTINO.-On Saturday last, a return riflo match, between ten members of tho Parramatta Ccmpony ond ten of No. 1 Company S. B. V. Rifles, wai shot at tho Volunteer Rifle Range, Paddington, thn distances being 200, 300, SOO, and 600 yarás, fivo shot« at each, with tho Enfield, in Hythe position. Tho wind was unfavourable for good shooting, being vory strong and. variable, from tbo north-east. It will bo seen by tho scores appended that tho representatives of No. 1 wero victorious by 23 point B : No. 1 Company. 200 300 500 000 Total; Private Phillips ... 14 9 15 11 49 Slade ... 16 11 11 G 44 Brownlow ... 14 11 5 12 42 Ferceont Close ... lï H 10 7- 4S Fnslen Hunt ... 12 9 li 9 41 1'rivatoW. Freeman ... 11 9 11 6 37 Corporal Cooper ... 14 IO 5 7 3S Private Finch ... 11 5 10 9 SÏ Wickham ... 10 12 7 5 34 Corporal Johnson ... 0 5 3 2 .? 10 300 SOO 500 COO Total 14 9 3 IS 44 13 12 C S 39 nitchie ... 14 13 10 2 3» Captain Brown ... 12 8 12 5 3f forgeant Smith ... 11 10 10 5 36 rnv ate Houison ... 11 7 10 9 Sr Bohlo ... 11 8 11 5 35 Coates ... 10 7 8 7 32 Lieutenant M'Dougull ... 11 9 10 2 ' 32 Private rairclough ... 10 * 2 8 2 22 BUSH FIRES.-Those who know tho value of grass in a acaEon like the present, and those who aro coinpoliod to ltvo in on atmosphère of 105' in the shade, can appreciate tho heavy IOSB and the intolerable nuisance prising from bush fires. Owing to the want of a legislative enactment, such as tho one in force in Victoria and in South Australia, im- posing heavy penalties on persons setting fire to the grass, there is no check to this lona of incendiarism in Now South Wales. Generally about the months of January and February in each year, tho country settlements aro sur- rounded by conflagrations on eveiy side. Thousands of acres of valuable posturago, and miles of fencing aro annu- ally destroyed, whilst tho inhabitant» of a town like Albury often havo to turn out two or threes times a week to beat away tho bush fires from tho outside farms. Not morely property, but sometimes lifo itself is endangetodby theso v isitalions, for it is impossible people can Ho down to rest in safety when tho ranges all «round thom aro illuminated by an advancing line of fire extending for miles ; leaving behind it thou- sands ot blazing logs which light up th land- scape so as to make it present tho appearance of an iiu menso city after nightfall. Wo are sorry to say most of these fires are the result of gross carolessnew. Wo look upon tho mon who starts a bush fire as being equally cri- minal with the man who thrusts a firestick into tho fanner's haystack. The grasB is tho sole dependence of the grazier ; it is as voluablo to him as the standing wheat crop is to tho agriculturist. Moreover thero is no saying where a bush- fire may stop. It may sweep over the country for scores of mike, and it changes its direction with the ever-varying changes in the wind. Perhaps by great exertions a num- ber of people may beat it out, but it usually bursts forth, ngain two or three days afterwards to scattor fresh dosola tien around. Of course when tho grass is dry as tinder, fires may bo accidentally caused. Tho friction of dry branches agitated by tho breeze, against ono another, or the concentration of the sun's rays into a focus through thO' bottom of o broken bottle-causes Uko these have boon, known to pioduco bush-fires. Veiy often it is tho nwtob. used to light a wavfaier's pipe, which has boen thrown, down alight-or it "may bo tho smouldring gan-wad of somo cockney sportsman. Persons camping out and leaving tho camp'fires unextinguishod, aro, howevor, tho chief causes of bush fires. An instanco of tb-'s occurred on Mr. Dight's run only tho othor day. An individual (whose namo is known) was travelling with cattlo, and instead of camping besido one of the lagoons which aro numerous enough at Bungowanoh, ho lighted his fire in tho long grass and left tho embers burning. The result was thedostiuo tion of about 5000 acres of grass in Dight's home paddock, and tho loss of n largo portion of tho fenco. Tho homestead was saved with difficulty, through tho assistance of about a dozen men from Brewer's and othor farms. The fire started a second time and burnt tho fence of Mr. Polton ; threaten- ing also a number of other selections. Mr. Dight is or course a heavy loBor, and wi'l havo to Bend away a draft or wo of cattle, from tho scarcity of feed. Certainly he may have his remedy by chi' process if ho chooses to go to law, and if tho individual causing the loss happens o bo in a condition to pay damages. But it is. not very often that tho originntor of a bush fire is discover- able, and wo know one or two other peoplo who have had large paddocks destroyed without being ablo to asoertam who the offender wns. Of course so long as Australm possesses a dry climate, and so long as natural objects enact ho part of Prometheus in bringing down fire from heaven, nothing will put nn entire stop to bush fires. But a strin- gent legislativo enactment will do a great deal toward»; making peoplo more careful ; and in that case instead o* having fires almost daily, wo ohould only experience tutm. on a few occasions. Wo aro glad to seo that Mr. MatP» undefined by the failure of bis maid« attempt to pass sara a bill, has now moved the Assembly into comtm'tteo ona« early day, to consider the propriety of introducing a bill to prevent the careless use off fire. Three or fou» yo»» ago tho measure was not nach, an urgent necessity, aa.it has since become, from the increase of settlement, tha opening up of diggings here aid there, and the dispersal of popula- tion through tho lana,-Bwder Bott, January 3. Mr. J. C. M'Cojmick, of Auckland, barrister-at-law, is, wo perceive, appointed by tho Chief Justice of the Supreme» Court of New South "Wales with full power, wacomuus Bioner of thal Court, to takobail and affidavits, and alsoif« examino witnesses in all actions and pre^eodings in lb» said Court, whotber at law or in equity, within any cart <* tho CCAODT of New Zealand,-New Zealand Serais. 