MONDAY, JANUAMY8, 186G. It would be wrong to say that in the present election the people of Victoria are speaking out decidedly in favour of protection and of tho Ministry, even if those two causes could properly be asso- ciated together. We have, indeed, the j verdict of one-third of the constituen- cies, but it is possible that the other two-thirds will reverse that verdict. But assuming that the remaining con- stituencies speak out «as decisively as those that have already spoken in favour of the Ministry, will their voice be the voice of the people of Victoria 1 We tbink not. It will be less the voice of the people of Victoria than was the voice of the English constituencies prior to the Reform Bill the voice of the people of England. Then and there, as here and now, the whole political power lay in the hands of a class ; but England's condition then was, in this respect. more hopeful than ours is now. The invasion by the many of the unjust privileges of the few has almost always (been successful in the long run, whereas the voluntary surrender by the numeri- cally largest class of power which they have once acquired is probably unknown to history, except in the cases where an impure democracy has given place to some hind of dictatorship. Assuming, however, that the class which now monopolises the power that ought to belong to the whole people of Victoria will Bend into the Assembly an overwhelming majority in favour of protection and of the Ministry, in what position will the Ministry find themselves with such a body of sup- porters, and is the alliance likely to be long maintained 1 In so far as the opinions that have just been expressed at the polling-booths are to be considered the opinions of the country, these are in favour of protection, and not merely of the ambiguous and nondescript scheme which Ministers, while declaring them- selves to be free-traders, have been tickling the protectionists with. It seems likely that there will be a strong body of thorough-going protectionists in the new Assembly. How will the Minis- try behave towards them, and how will they regard the Ministry ? The leading members of the Government have pro- claimed themselves free-traders. Tug public discussion of the question that had been evoked compelled them to a profession of faith, and they have de- clared themselves to be free-traders much more explicitly than was to have been expected, considering how they had been making to themselves friends of the protectionists. Of course, when we have to deal with such very re- markable men as Mr. M'Culloch and his colleagues, there is no saying what they will recede from, or what they will advance to. Mr. Michie suffers re- covery from his most strongly expressed ojrinions with extraordinary celerity, and it would be very imprudent to pre ' diet that he will not become the formal champion of protection, as an abstract principle, before many montlis are over. But his colleagues do not possess quite such flexible minds; and it is highly likely that Mr. IIiginbotiiam will find it impossible to satisfy the demands of the party they have been coquetting with. They have been wooing protection ; and they may find that they bave won more of it than they bargained for, or can manage. In that case, the thorough-going men may very likely drive out the half-and-half ones, and the fortunes of the colony may be committed to the guidance of a really protectionist Government, So much the better if this should prove to be the case. A member of the present Cabinet, when defending the measure of protection afforded by Mr. Francis's tariff, naively declared that if a more decidedly protectionist tariff were imposed people would be disgusted with it ; ifc was necessary to introduce the protectionist policy deli- cately. But it is not unlikely that the new Assembly will be composed of men who will regard this matter in a different light, and who will be for driving the wedge home forthwith. If so, although the commerce and in- dustries of the colony may be most mischievously convulsed for a sea- son, people will get a valuable lesson as to the practical effects of pro- tection, whereas at present we have only been much teased with a nondescript measure, the main purpose of which, to the Ministry, has been that of furnish- ing an excuse for fighting the aggressive battle they have fought against the rights of the Upper House. A Govern- ment really desirous 'of establishing a protectionist policy would, perhaps, be satisfied with doing that much mischief at a time, and would not desire simul- taneously to amend the Constitution by the rough-and-ready method of violently breaking down the barriers which are therein set up. A new Government, composed of real protectionists, it is not unlikely will be the speedy consequence of the appeal to the country. Some of the most in- fluential members of the Ministry are by no means certain to be returned ; and though the Ministerial party will, it may be anticipated, be strong when the Assembly first meets, that very excess of strength may prove a cause of embarrassment. An overwhelming ma- jority has to be managed and satisfied, whereas a comparatively small majority is kept together by the consciousness of not being strong enough to bear being divided. Hitherto, the Ministry has ruled the majority in the Assembly in the inoBt despotic way. It is by no means improbable that the majority may now return the compliment, and in- sist upon implicit obedience on the part of the Ministry. If so, we shall be edified by seeing to what lengths, in order to retain office, a Government will go which is mainly composed of men who profess to be freo-traders, but who have consented already to put in the thin end of the protectionist wedge, and who, on peril of dethronement, may be called upon promptly to go very much farther than they at present intend. On Saturday, as the telegraph informs us, the first regular mail for Europe was despatched from Brisbane via Torres Straits. The steamship Souchays, spe- cially chartered for the service, sailed from Moreton Bay, calling at the more Northern ports, and touching at the new settlement at Cape York, from whonce she will make her way to Coepang or Batavia, there to place her mails on board the Dutch mail steamship, for conveyance to Singapore, where thoy will bo transferred to the Peninsular and Oriental Company's mail vessel from China, en route to Galle and Suez. The enteqirise which the Queensland Government exhibits in this important matter promises to have important results for all the other colonies of the group. The voyage of the Souchays is purely of an experimental character. She carries neither cargo nor pas- sengers. She íb not timed to meet any particular vessel. She is a pioneer, sent out to traverse a new route, and to show how expeditiouBly and safely Torres Straits-once the terror of mariners can bo voyaged through. On the expe- rience thus to he acquired, however, will be based the calculations on which permanent service will be established - and thus the voyage which com- menced, on Saturday has interest for all of us who desire to see moro fre. quent communication with England brought about, and who are not satisfied with the dilatory action which has been taken in ibis matter by the authorities here and in the mother country, "Jhe new route, there is no doubt, will put m at once in possession of a fortnightly mail service with England, although it may not do so for the present with the exact division of the month which would best please and servo those who are interested in rapid^and fre- quent communication. The time of the departure of the Souchays has been calculated, no doubt, to enable her mails to be placed on board the fortnightly steamer from China in connexion with the Indian, but not with the Australian steamer ; and on her return sho will bring mails a fortnight later than those despatched direct to Australia viá Galle, We shall thus, commencing with Febru ary, receive monthly mails via Brisbane, alternating with the service via Kin» George's Sound, and so practically obtain the boon for which the public has so long asked-a fortnightly mail from England, And if tho let- ters and papers should occupy longer in transit than if they came by the Western route, at least wo have the satisfaction of knowing that tho tele- graph -wires are being rapidly extended to Cape York, and already embrace Rockhampton, if not Port Denison also, in the telegraphic circuit. The voyage from Galle, via Singapore and Batavia, to Cape York, will certainly not occupy more time than that from Galle to the Sound, and we may safely calculate, therefore, that we shall receive tele- graphic summaries of the fortnight's news as regularly and as early by the new route as if it came by the West coast. For telegraphic purposes, indeed, this Eastern route will be of immediato ser- vice, although the positive gain a3 regards letters and parcels may not bo great, in the first instance at least. But the step taken by the Queens- land Government will not be looked upon with indifference by the Peninsular and Oriental Company. This, and the efforts of the Panama and New Zea- land Company, will help to convince them that the disappointments expe- rienced during the past year can- not be repeated much longer without such an alienation of feeling as may be very prejudicial to the compauy, We are continually assured that they aie preparing for a fortnightly service, to be undertaken at such a moderate cost to the state as must insure its acceptance ; but the [day of performance of the promises under this head seems never to come nearer. It is probable that this rivalry, however, will bring the intentions of the company which at present monopolise the service to the test of commencement, They cannot afford to see the way paved for the establishment of another line of Australian mail steamers with- out making an effort to prove the supe íiority of the route their vessels noir follow, and their own capacity, through the largeness of their fleet, to beat all livals out of the field. We have the promise, indeed, of a plethora of mails before long. They will come to us from England hythe East and by the West. The New Zealand line will endeavour to prove its superiority, and the vessels it is providing for the service are showing their capacity by voyages of great rapidity. If they are capable of bring- ing us late intelligence from time to time, and if the Bri sbane line gives regular fortnightly mails, we shall be some- thing more than independent of what the Peninsular and Oriental Company may do for us ; and shall be in a position to await in peace the slow progress of those negotiations which seem unable to ad- vance the matter of more frequent service, or to secure for us a more punctual per- formance of the work which has already been contracted for. But the experimental voyage of Souchays has the additional interest for the merchants of this colony that ii will abridge most materially the time within which communication can be had with the Chinese ports, and those of the Philippine and Javan groups, with which commercial relations have lately been opened up from Melbourne. We want not only tea from China, but rice and coffee from Batavia, and sugar and hemp from Manilla. The Eastern route will shorten immensely the postal time between Melbourne and those ports; and the advantages which will arise are so obvious that, for this reason alone, we must wish success cordially to the very spirited experiment which the Queers land Government has undertaken, The nominations of candidates for the re- presentation in Parliament of tho electoral districts comprised in. the second batch muit he made before six o'clock this ovening. Ti« nominations will bo declarad at noon to- morrow, and the polling for the districts con- tested will take place on Monday nest, tha 16th Inst. The districts in the second batch, and the seats attached to each, aro as fol- lows :-Ararat, 2; Avoca, 2; Creswick, 2; Crowlands, 2; Maldon, 1; Mandurang, 2, Maryborough, 2; Murray district, 1; Oven», 2; Rodney, 1. Another £40,000 judgment was obtained bj the London Chartered Bank against tho Gd vernment last week. This makes the twenty first trantaction of the kind, tha total «w» operated upon by meanB of "confessed jaw ments " now amounting to £8i0,000. On Saturday evening Mr. J. D. Wood ti dressed a meeting of the electors of Maldon. with a view of ascertaining whether thej were disposed to support him as a candid»» or (their suffrages on free trade and con- stitutional principles. The meeting w» crowded, and Mr, Wood met with a vefl favourable reception. Notwithstanding «. occasional interruptions of a few 1°» Bupporters of Mr. Ramsay, his-<»We "T lengthened address was liatem/to w* great attention, and seomed to prod»« considerable effect. Ha successfully defend« the Legislative Council from the charg* » obstructing usefnl legislation; esposad,in» series of*lucid argumentative illustration, t» fallacies of. protection principies; and d'* towards tho close of his addrets, witbpeonW impresBiveness, on the daugeis of the con» the Ministry were pursuing, ana the necessW of the people vindicating at once the P« cipleB of the Constitution, and the repnt»«1» of the colony. At the close of the meetu* .resolution-declaring Mr. Wood to ba the most fit and proper person to represent Mal- don, was carried by a mnjoiity. We are glad áo leam that Mr. Wood has since agreed to meet the wishes of the meeting, and that, thoueb late in the field, his chances of succeBB .are good. An influential meeting of gentlemen form JnK the committee to secure tho return of Mr. ,S. G. King at the coming election, was held at Carlton, when it was decided that Mr. 'King's first address to the electora would take place at the Trades'-hilt on Wednesday oven ling next, the 10th inst. The Minister of Lands and Mr. B. G. Davies ¡met tho electois of Avoca at the Victoria ¡.¿Theatre, Tarnagulla, on Saturday night, and pobtained an almost unanimous vote of con .fidonce. Mr. Grant made his remarks upon the Land Act very brief, and devoted the ?major portion of his address to a defence of the conduct of the Ministry and the members .of the Assembly in their present struggle with the Upper House. The proceedings, which vere of a very orderly character, occupied thrco hours, Mr. Grant's speech, however, ?lasting only an hour and a quarter. The friends of Mr. Raynal (late mate .of tho Grafton), who have admired his re- markable ingenuity and perseverance, will l>e glad to bear that the Superintendent of .the Sailors' Home has received 5s. from A. F., . Ga. from B. L., and 5s. from J. B. towards purchasing tho mementos of that eventful wreck for presentation to the museum. Tho number und classification of the pri ?soners under detention in tbo Central Gaol ? on Saturday laBt aTe shown by the following return :--Awaiting trial-before the Supreme Court, 9 males ; bsforo magistrates, 11 males, 9 females ; undor sentence-to hard labour, 128 males, 12 females ; detained for imprison- ment only, 70 males, 28 females ; as lunatics, 10 males, 4 females; in default of bail, 22 males, G females, Total, 250 male?, 59 rfcmales. A meeting for the election of church- wardens for 18GG for St. Thomas's Church, Essendon, was held on Friday last, at the ?school-room, MooneePonds ; the Rev. Edward Puckle in the chair. Mr. George Heath read the report of the retiring churchwardens, which was of a satisfactory nature, and on the proposition of Mr. Iiinkins, seconded by Mr. Merchant, it was adopted jicm.con. Messrs. .Jataes Moore, Heath, and Locku were then nominated as churchwardens for 1866-the former gentleman as congregation's>arden, the two latter as trustees' and minister's churchwardens respectively. On the day of humilation and prayer, the Rev. D. M'Donald (Presbyterian), of Emerald hill, preached '.from II. Chronicles vi. 20 and 27 ; and the Rev. J. Beer (East Melbourne Con- gregational Church) preached from the same text. Devotional services were held in Oxford street Congregational Church on last Friday morning and evening. The Swiptures selected for Tending wero Jeremiah xiv., and II. Chronicles vi. An address was delivered on each occasion by the Rev. J. C. M'Michael, and several friends engaged in prayer. The attendance was large. On Saturday a large number of bush-fires occurred-one near the Black-hill; another in Jim Crow HnDges, near Fryer's Creek: another in Bullarook Forest; and the last about three miles from Woodend, in the Black Forest, between tho old Castlemaine aond and the Victorian Railway. This wai about three miles in extent, and was gra dually working its way towards Middl« -Gully. The usual monthly meeting of the Easl Melbow no Rifle and Carbine Club took place on Saturday last, at the Sandridge Butts About fifteen members attended the prac ?tice, sides were chosen for a match at 200 500, and 000 yards, five ßhots ot each range and the result of the firing showed 114 point! for that chosen by Sergeant Bulman and l61 for that picked hy Sergeant Wardil!, the lat ter winning by thirty-six points. After th< match the practica was continued at 700 ant SOO yards. The dull light and cross wind wa .very unfavourable for good ¡¡coring, am mad o it very difficult to find tho correct ele ation. The club intends holding its hall yearly meeting for prize shooting early li ^February. A melancholy and fatal mining acciden occurred on Thursday morning last, at Bell" "United Claim, Taradale, to a man nama William Storey, aged thirty-five years, >vh usually went by the name of " Stanley." I appears that the shift of men had not Ion . taken place when a pieco of timber called ?cap, broke in halves, allowing tho earth to fal in and smother the deceased, who had onl .commenced to work for this compauy o: Monday last. Subscriptions aro being raise on behalf of his widow and throo childrer who are left entirely destitute. The secretary of the Melbourne Orphn: Asylum desiroa to acknowledge with thank the receipt of a donation of £20 to the fund ?of tho institution from Mr. David Mooro. An adjourned meeting of tbo City Counc "for the purpose of electing an alderman fe .Gipps Ward, in the pluce of the late Aldei man Keeley, was held on Saturday. Ther were present-the mayor (Mr. W. Bayles) i: the chair ; aldermen-Smith, Wragge ; cour .cillors-AmeBB, Linacre, M'Pherson, Moví bray, Williams, M'Bean, Storey, Hugh« Kenny, Fenwick, Flockhart, and Kellj Alderman Smith proposod the insertion of minute in the records, expressive of the cour .cil's sense of deep regret on account of th ?death of Mr, Keeley, who, as councillor c alderman, served the community for to years. Councillor Williams seconded th motion, which was unanimously assente -io. The members then proceeded to th appointment of a successor. When th voting-papers were collected it appeared tho there wero twelve for Councillor Hughes an two for Councillor Cowell. Councillc Hughes was therefore deciarod duly electoi The new alderman briefly returned thank . and stated that he hoped his future condut would prove that this mark of the council .confidence had not been misplaced. H ? elevation causes a vacancy in the repreaonti tion of Gipp's Ward. A communication wi received from the president of the Into . colonialExhibition Commissioners requestin the co-operation of the connell in promotio .of the exhibition tobe hold In Melbourne i August next. It wai agreed to refer the lott< to the Finance Committee The council ai . journed at a quarter past twelve o'clock. Mr. Candler held an inquest at Kew, on Saturday, upon the body of James Thomas Halfpenny, who was killed on Thursday, in Studley Park, by the accidental explosion of a blast. The evidence showed that after several times lighting the fuse, which as often missed fire, deceased commenced to drill out the charge. He was advised to put down a fresh hole, but did not do so. When within about two feet of the powder an explosion took place by which he was hurled a consi- derable distance. He died within about five minute. In finding that deceased was acci- dentally killed, the jury added to their ver- dict some remarks in reprehension of the dangerous practice of drilling out a charge that had missed fire. An inquest wns held by Mr. Dandier, i Berwick, on Saturday, opon the body of a infant, aged seven weeks, son of Richard Fo tune, a Tefidcnt of Nanoigoon. On ti morning of the 3rd Inst. the mother < deceased, on awaking, found him lying beale her with his face downwards, dead. The jury, in their verdict, expressed their opinion that deceased died from suffocation, acciden- tally caused. The Clunes Gazette of Friday has the fol- lowing respecting the gathering of tho coming harvest :-" Tho crops have ripened fast during tho last few days of hot weather, and require harvesting at once. Around Glendaruel, Coghill's, &c;, men are very scarce, and asking £2 6s. per week, with Tations. The MeBsrs. Ogilvy, of Ascot, are compelled to employ a quantity of China- men, or leave the crop3 in the fields to perish. All the farmers in the district aro in the same fix. The wages given to Chinamen vary from 25s. to 30a. per weok, and in some parts of Ascot they aro obtaining as much as 32s. to 3Gs. for the same period." Captain John Joseph Corrigan, of the 3rd Dragoon Guards, who arrived in the colony, on sick leave, by tho royal mail steam ship I Madras, last month, died on Saturday morn- ing, aged thirty-sis. Tho cause of death was apoplexy. The íemains of the deceased officer were interred yesterday afternoon, at the Mel- bourne General Cometery, with military honours. Brigadier General Carey, and the officers and men of tho garrison attended tho funeral. The body was borne to its last rest- ing ploco on a gun-carriage, drawn by four horses, to the music of tho " Dead March," played by the Industrial School band. Cap- tain Corrigan served as a lieutenant in tho 74th Foot during the Kaffir war of 1851-52, when ho was Blightly wounded ; afterwards he was attached to and served with tho Cape Mounted Rifles as a volunteer. The last number of the Police Gazelle con- tains a notification of the following rewards : -"To Constable Patrick Gannon (488), at Bal- larat, tho sum of £110s. has been awarded in acknowledgment of his attention and tact shown in the arrest of George Simmons, for stealing from the dwelling of William Bird ; to Sergeant (second class) Bernard M. King (012), at Belfast, £1 has been awarded in ack- nowledgment of his attention shown in the arrest of - Lee, for breach of the gamo laws ; to Detective (second-class) Frederick H. Secre- tan (1,549), and Senior Constable RichardWebb (l,27ö), at Dunolly, £2 each has been awarded in acknowledgment of their activity and skill shown in the arrest of twenty-five Chinese gamblers, fined varions sums from £20 to 7s. Gd.: to Constable Michael M'Craith (866), municipality of Castlemaine, the sum of £1 has been awarded in acknowledgment of his attention shown in the arrest and prosecution of John Lee, sentenced to two years for bur- glary ; to Sergeant (Becond-class) Joremiah Toohey (1,247), and Constable William Killeen (639), £3 each has been awarded in acknowledgment of their attention shown in the arrest of Alfred Hooper and James Woolley, fined £G and £2 10s. respectively for treach of the gama laws; to Senior-constable Bobert Scott (1,182), at Melbourne, £3 has been awarded in acknow- ledgment of his attention shown in the arrest of Iionry Sharp, sentenced to three years for breaking into a bonded store ; to Constable Dormnick Healy (580), at Buanga, £1 has been awarded in acknowledgment of his resolution shown in the arrest of Walter Johnston, aboriginal (charged with disorderly conduct), under circumstances of difficulty." Fatal accidents to bathers have of late been very frequent, moat of them bearing the ap- pearance of having been due to want of caution. A man named Henry Poulter, said to be a resident of Emorald-hill, was drowned while swimming in tho Yarro, below the «asworks, on Friday evening. The police bave since been engaged in dragging for tho body, but have not yet succeeded in finding it. A boy named John White was drowned yesterday in the Yarra, near the Botanical-gardens, while bathing. The body was recovered last evening. John Brahbea was drowned in the Merii Creek, at Northcote, on Friday afternoon, under the following circumstances :-He went into a hole by himself, and was cautioned by a by- stander that if he could not swim he should be careful not to go beyond his depth, as there was deep water in the hole; he, how> evor, got into a rather deep place, and sauls immediately. Some boys who saw him ran up the creek to a place whero a yonnç man named Matthew Ryan had jual dressed himself after bathing. They told him what had happened, when ho at once accompanied them to the holo, took off his clothes, dived in, and was fortunate enough to find Brabben directly. He biought him out, and it being found that he was still living tho attendance of Dr. Bowie was procured nndtbe usual treament applied. Deceased however, did not live more than about an hour and a half, tho period of BubmeraioE having been too long to admit of recovery An inquest was held on the body on Saturdnj by Mr. Candler, when, after giving a verdicl in accordance with these facts, tho jurj added some remarks in commendation of the promptitude and couroge shown by Kyan ir rescuing the body of deceased. A girl of four years of age, daughter of t 'woman named Hannah Williams,died or Saturday night at tho Melbourne Hospital from some form of the cancer oris, which according to the mother's account, was con tracted during a short Btay in the Geelonj Industrial School, The mother says that th< deceased girl and a boy aged about tw< years, were sent to the school four monthi ago. On going there several weeks bael sho learned that the boy had diec shortly after admission, and the appear ance of the girl induced her to tako hoi away. She bad einco kept hor daughtei with her whero she was at service, in thi country, but as the sores which she hat about tho face and mouth when sho was takot out had latterly become much worse, sha wai advised to take her into the hospital, whicl she did a day or two ago, but too lato to afforc any hope that any treatment could havi effected a cure. By the steamer Tararua, we have late: datée trom New Zealand, as follow ¡-Fron Otago, to the 30th December ; from Auckland to the 18th; from Wellington, to tho 27th from Invercargill, to the 23rd; and fron Lyttleton, to the 23rd. Tho gonoral news ii of no special interest. Parliament having decided to have i Hansard, and a reporting Btaff of its own, am a portion of The Argils reporting staff havin¡ been engaged by the Government for thi .purpose, the proprietors of The Argus invitee the literary staff of that journal to dinner a Scott's Hotel, on Saturday ovening last, as i farewell compliment to Messrs. T. R. Had ley, W. V. flobinson, and H. Willoughby the gentlemen leaving. In proposing the); healths, Mr. Mackinnon, who preside-1, ox pressed his regret at° parting with sucl able and faithful reporters, adding at thi same time that he would not conceal hi pleasure at finding The Argus no longe trammelled by any arrangements for the pro duction of Hansard. Ho had been vexoi when in England be first heard how its pub Iication had been undertaken; but, never, theless, was glad to know that tho correctnes of its reports had been so generally aclcnow Iedged except, by the ignorant, forward and vain, whose purposes had not beer served. He regarded it as no small com pliaient to The Argus reporting staff tha Parliament had chosen for its reporters thi gentlemen whose capacity and integrity had been displayed in the parformaace o their duties to this journal. The toast was drank with enthusiasm, and in replying, each of the gentiemon leaving gavo utterance to his kind feeling towards his lato colleagues, and his sense of the liberal spirit which had enabled The Argus proprietors to obtain the services of competent gentlemen. In the course of the evening Mr. Mackinnon men- tioned that juBt before the last mail left Eng- land, a successful operation for tbo removal of cataract had been performed on one of Mr. Wilson's eyes. The Kilmore Examiner mentions that .' on Wednesday the district coroner held an in- quest on the hones of a man found lately ia the bush in the agricultural area of Pyalong. Within a short distance of the skeleton, a Bru all heap, c ontaining no less than eighteen sovereigns, was discovered, and handed over to the police, together with a small pocket book, the contents of which had becomo un- decipherable. The jury returned an open verdict. The remains are thought to be, in all probability, those of an unfortunate shep- herd, who was missed some four years ago, from Mr. Mollison's run." Tho Talbot Leader of Friday last rocords one of the moBt shocking cases of destitution ever brought under notice. "On Tuesday Constable Short entered the house of a miner named Holcombe, at tho south ond of the CreEcent, and found a woman and five chil- dren in the deepest poverty and misery. On tho one side of the room lay the dead body of the father, and on the other side the dead body of a sixth child. The unfortunate man had died of cancer in the chest. He had for some time boon unable to work, and to ob- tain relief, had been an inmate of the Mary- borough Hospital, but he left that institution a short time ago in order to return to his family. The child died of diarrhoea the day before the father succumbed to his complaint. The family, it appears, has been in the greatest misery for some time past, often, in fact, in a state of starvation. It is to be hoped the public will respond liberally with their Bubscriptions, for a deeper caso of poverty and wretchedness was never brought under public notice." After the excitement of the intercolonial match, the usual half-holiday cricketing con- tests aro likely to appear very tame for the next few weeks. A match had been arranged to be ployed on the metropolitan ground on Saturday afternoon, between eleven married and eleven single members of the M.O.C., but there was not a sufficient muster on tho ground, and the match was accordingly post- poned. On the Richmond ground, what promises to bo a good game between the Richmond and South Melbourne clubs, was commenced. The Richmond players were disposed of in their first innings for sixty nine runs, of which Handfield (not out) con- tributed eighteen, and Gibson fourteen. The majority of the wickets fell to the credit ol G. Cosstick and DunkinBon. Seven wicket« of the South Melbourne mon fell for forty threo runs, Wheatley, who had the mis- fortune to bo run out, playing a fine inning; for twenty-four. The match will be resumed next Saturday. The Bendigo Advertiser gives the following particulars of the death of Arthur Davidson, whose supposed suicide was noticed in the columns of that paper on the 3rd inst.:- "The man was a shepherd in the employ of Messrs. Winter Brothers of Colbinabbin. Latterly, and during the Christmas holidays, he had been drinking very hard. On Sunday last, Mr. Winter sent him to the out- station, near Tate and Hamilton's, where another shepherd named Sheehan was living, with whom the deceased had been stopping for some time. On Monday morning, at dawn Sheehan's wife was going to the Colbinbinabbin station on business, when, at some distance from the hut, a dog drew her attention by barking, and she noticed a man in a sitting posture, but it was too dark for her ti recognize either the man or dog. Before she arrived at the head station she met the overseer on his way to her hut, going there for the purpose of delivering a flock of sheep into Davidson's charge. She told the overseer about the man and dog, and the place where she saw them, as she thought there was something wrong. She then went on to the station, and spoke to Mr. Winter on te subject. Meantime the overseer found Davidson dead where the woman described, sitting on his haunches, with the dog-chain about his neck, and fastened to a small tree, the dog being by his side. It seemed that the dog was well known to Mrs. Sheehan, and was calling her attention to his master, but she avoided it, being afraid, thinking that it belonged to the man whom she supposed a bushman, and who had camped there for the night. The suicide appears to have been a most determined one, inasmuch as by standing upright the man could have saved his life." The Ballarat Star mentions "that abou two o'clock on tho afternoon of Friday, 6t January, considerable excitement was create in Creswick by denso volumes of smoko bein seen rising in the direction of the Bloc Lend. The captain (Mr. J. Orr) and variou other members of tho local fire brigado, wit their ongino and hose-carriage, immediatel proceeded at full speed in the direction of th smoke. They discovered that it was cause by a number of Ohineso engaged in som religious ceremonies at the old cemcter having accidentally ignited the dry gra; within the enclosure, a mishap which wj followed by the burning of some of the grav fences. On the arrival of the brigado, the found a number of tho fair sex living in th vicinity actively employed with buckets 1 putting out tho fire, and on the firome coming to their assistance, the flames wer soon extinguished." A fatal accident, surrounded with mo: distressing circumstances, occurred on No ?Year's Day, to a young man named Pirkon of Spring Gully, Fryer's Croek, is reported i Saturday's Mount Alexander Mail:-?" It a] pears that he wont in company with ardath to toko a ride. On returning in the afte noon, and when within 100 yards of his horn his horse stumbled and threw bim on h head. He was taken up apparently dea and carried home, where ho remainod in stato of insensibility up to Thursday nigh when he died. The wife of the (infortuno man was delivered of her first child a fe boura before the fatal termination to ti catastrophe The mother and child aro goa on favourably." At the Richmond Police Court on Satu doy, William Hanley, a boy fivo years of ag was brought hafore the magistrates as a ne lected child. Ho had been found wanderii in the streets with a broken arm. Tho ca was remanded until Wednesday, in order th the grandmother of the lad, who was sa posed to havo the care of him, might bo sut moned to appear before the Bonch. Tho Victorian Turf Subscription Roo Will bo open this evening, and the committ will meet to dispose of all disputed be that have arisen over the lato Champic tnectinir. A very melancholy occurrence is report/ in the Tasmanian Morning Herald of Janua 1, detailed in the proceedings at an inane to inquire into the circumstances of au i stance of awfully sudden death which c corred on Thursday, December 28, at ti Globe Inn, Davty-street. Mr. and Mi Embley retired to rest between ten and elevi o'clock, and had not been long in bed whi Mrs. Embley complained of being very ill. Mr. Embley immediately dressed himself, and called a neighbour to remain with his wifa while he went for medical assistance. On their return to tho bedroom, they found Mrs. Embley dying, ano! in a few minutes flho ex- pired. To make the matter more distressing, they were only married on Thursday morn- ing. At the inquest the jury returned a verdict in accordance with tho medical evi- dence, that the cause of death was san- guineous apoplexy. We understand that letters havo been re- ceived by the consignees here from the captain of tho Grand Conde, for whose eafety fears have for some time past been entertained. This vessel, some threo or four months ago, soiled from Calcutta for this port with a cargo of rice, and it will be remembered, was re- ported to have put into Mauritius for repairs. The captain states that himself and crew had been attacked by fever, and era they reached Mauritius four persona dlerf on board. She wns to Bail hence about 2Sth November, and being expected to arrive early in January, is now due. Amongst the items of New Zealand news received by the South Australian, steamer, from Hokitiko, is to be noted a bold but ineffectual attempt at robbory perpe- trated ntar the spot whero Mr. Walmsley was robbed Borne weeks ago. The following account is from the Grey River Argus of tho 20thDecember:-"Aboldly-dovlsed scheme of robbery was happily detected and its success- ful accomplishment frustrated on Monday last. Mr. Molloy, a well- known storekeeper, bad occasion to send about 140 ounces of gold from his place, nearNo-Town,down to the Twelve-Mile Township. Ho sent a packer named Walsh for two horseB, intending to accompany him on the road, but Walsh returned with only one, saying another could easily be obtained at No-Town, from which place the store is about half a milo distant. In order to divert the suspicions of any ' che- valiers d'industrie' who might be on the watch, Mr. Molloy put the gold on the packer's horse, he walking at a short distance behind. They had not proceeded far when Walsh gradually increased the pace of his horso until he reached a turn where ho was out of Molloy's sight, and then pushed rapidly on, On the road he passed several people, and stated he was riding fast because he had been ' spotted' by some suspicious characters at No-Town, and wished to evade them. Mr, Molloy, as soon as he got a horso, followed him quickly, but failed to overtake him. At soon as WalBh arrived at the Twelve-Mile ht galloped into the township, shouting lustily for the police, to whom ho stated that h< hod been 'stuck-up' by two men neai to whero Mr. Walmsley was robbed. Hi said the men had pulled him off his horse choked him, put a revolver to his head and taken away the gold and his own watch He showed the maiks of some bruises on hi throat to substantiate his statement, ant altogether his story appeared a plausible one But on returning with the police from tb camp Mr. Molloy carne up. On hearing th state of affairs his suspicions were aroused and he at once gave AValah into custody After Mr. Molloy had offered several induce ments to him to confess, WalBh admitted th falsity of his statement, and agreed to pom out whero the gold was concealed. He ha planted it under a tree about 100 yards off tb track, along with his watch. He was the formally arrested, and brought down t Cobden." The inquiry at the Geelong Gaol Inl cbaigcs brought against the turnkeys, i reference to a master-key of the gaol bein found in cue of the prisoners' colls will ngai be fully gone into at the police-court fr morrow. Tho successful performance of " II Trovt toro" by tbo^opera company, at the Theat: Boyal, on Saturday evening, was marked t the deMt of Mr. Albert Richardson, the ne baritone of the troupe. While tho produetio of the opera itself has been too frequent ' requiro paitlcnlar remark, Mr. Itichardsor appearance warrants an expression of pleasa in that the Australian publio have a now ar able performer in a style that is vary gratoft Of course it would be invidious to attempt settle Mr. Richardson's pretensions by cri1 cising him when his nervousness and uni miliority with this description of public sin ing has placed him at a disadvantage ; butt representation of II Conte di Luna prov him tbo possessor of a sweet cultivated bai tono voice, capable of much expression, ai perhaps force. It is not iobu6t; and ] resonant quality has been scarcely devulope but experience will givo it more freedoi It was remarked, that bo gathered power the concerted portion of the music, and ti ÍB a favourablo sign, Mr. Richardson w appeor again in the same character this eve The "Daughtur of the Regiment" wast concluding piece. The juveniles had a rare day on Saturdi afternoon, when the pantomime of " Ban Munchausen" was produced at the Hu market Theatre for their special amusomot There wero a large number of the " rlsi generation " present ; and all of them we exceedingly joyous, and of one mind lue plaudlng tbc efforts made by the performi to represent the feats of the baron, who li so astounded every man by his marvollc FtorieB. The entertainment was received wl a great amount of satisfaction bv a crowd house; and in the evening it was repeal with the same result. 