A PROTECTION FOR FARMERS. Some months ago we took an opportunity of congratulating the agricultural class on the prospects of their interests being pro tected, by a scheme which should have the advantage of being clear of all political com- plications, and being altogetner unobjection able from a politico-economic point of view. The prospectus of ' The Victorian Farmers' aud General Insurance Company," to be im mediately incorporated under the Limited Liability Statute, is the first-fruits of that scheme, which may now be said to have fairly taken root in the public market. The farmer has, so far, been strangely overlooked by the insurance companies of the colony. The merchant, the shipowner, the luuse- holder, the capitalist, and the civil servant have each and all had their interests cared for by associations specially devoted to their protection ; but, there has been no institution whose province it has been to afford the agriculturist indemnity against the loss of his stock or his crops by fire, murrain, or rust. Yet there can be no doubt that the want has been felt, aud that the field is a promis ing one both to speculator and investor. The value of farming stock insured against fire in English offices amount to the euor- mous aggregate of £70,000,000, and though we have no statistics at hand — and we can not help thinking the draftsmen of the prospectus before us, might have found it worth their while to supply them — yet the amount of capital invested in the same mar ket in the colony, must be large enough to give promise of proportionately large profits accruing out ofitp insurance. The object of | the company is sufficiently indicated by its title. It offers protection against loss by the destruction of crops, growing and stacked, of fences, and implements, and general pro perty, and, above all, against the inroads among live stock of epidemic and contagious diseases ; and the study of statistics has con vinced us that occurrences of almost every nature, in this particular province, range within certain limits, and are to be legislated for by the actuary on remunerative terms at comparatively low premiums. The adjust ment of the latter will be a very delicate process, and to a considerable extent, at first slarting, must be experimental; but against this contingency there is a clause in the prospectus which provides for making an nual returns to the assured, so as to equalise their contributions to the risk actually re quired. As far as the shareholders are con cerned, the safe investment of their money is guaranteed by the appointment of local directories, in the various agricultural cen tres, whose business will be to examine claims, investigate applications, aud generally to mediate between the farmers and the company. The security and convenience of both parties will thus be consulted at the least possible expenditure of time and money. The selection of the Board for the Castle maine district has already been ratified, and the prospectus contains some of its most in fluential names, more or less interested in the farming industry, such as, — John Chris tie, John M. Corbet, David T. Rogers, David Thompson, Dr M'Grath, Edgar Slee, Newstead ; Christopher Jobson, Newstead ; J. S. Thompson, Dr Roche, Muckleford ; John Lewis, "Walmer; Thomas Lewis, Wal- mer; Joseph Mapson, iStrangways; G. B. Berry, Taradale. Thus, so far as the Great Centre is concerned, the project is recom mended by the patronage of those whose confidence is a guarantee of its lona fides , and may be taken as an omen of ita success. Of its utility there can be no question. "We have only to call to miDd the devasta tions by diseases aud fire, from which the agricultural interest has suffered almost pe riodically,' to be convinced of the value of some such protective machinery as the in surance company propose to supply. Had such a machinery been in operation among us if the ravages of the drought, and Bcab, and pleuro-pneumonia had not been actually modified by .the. increased vigilance which the new system would have enforced, their disastrous consequences would have been less felt by the class who have had to endure them, for the simple reason that the liabili ties and the crops, would have been distri buted in the persous of the shareholders more generally throughout the entire com munity. The farmer would have recovered from the capitalist, while the capitalist must have looked for indemnity to himself to the general market. And the insurance is not to be confined to loss from visitation of this magnitude. The protection is offered to the small as well as to the large flock-owner, and it includes the individual cattle as well as the mob. By the payment of a stipulated annual' premium, the merest cockatoo set tler, who has just availed himself of the 42nd section, may secure his newly-erected fence from the depredations of the bush-fire, and even his tenement and his tools against ca sualties of any kind. 