FARM CALENDAR FOR JANUARY. The iinpolioy of counting our gains bof or- ) thoy aro fully realisod has never been more mai.kedly shown than -during tho last month of thp jfcaB 1866, in which probably more hay has been . -damaged than for many years past. Thoro will b- } plenty of hay no doubt, but there will be a great d ,eal of very ^fnviffii.:...-'7;,g.liir...'-.^'.vf'1. .*??'*??,...{' itewv. 'Hyp „ , .Kaft- JwuA. precaution. It is bad enough when the crop gets damaged intho field, but it is doubly vexatious to have a newly made stack wetted through, and to feel that the loss of quality is wholly due to the want of a rick-sheet, or neglect to use one although present. It is a rule with many old fanners not to leave a rick for the night in. questionable weather, without raising the ndddlo high and roughly raking the. top down, so that the rain, should it come, may be thrown off. Half an hour's work in the morning serves to set the rick straight ; and, if .rain has fallen in tho in terim, a little hay at the top only is damaged. But, on the occasion of tho late thunderstorm, hundreds of ricks that were in progress were thoroughly soaked in consequence of their having been loft without any such precaution. We fancy that many who failed to provide rick- sheets will be forced to acknowledge themselves guilty of false economy ; a difference of a pound a ton hi a hundred ton rick will more than cover the cost of rick-sheets, and the depreciation in prico will, in many' cases, exceed this, as wo have frequently before had occasion to remark. The Stubbles. — As on the treatment of the land immediatoly after harvest its foulness or freedom from weeds in after years mainly depends, it is highly important that a proper course be adopted. On the greater number of farms the scarcity of summer feed for stock occasions the stubbles to be left for grazing. The land is therefore left un touched till the autumn, and, in the meantime, all sorts of had weeds, that neither cattle nor horses will eat, attain their full growth, and mature a crop of seeds which are afterwards ploughed down, and thus furnish weeds in perpetuity. Want of pasturage for the stock cannot, however, be urged as a plea in defence of this practice on the present occasion, and hence a fine opportunity is afforded for cleaning the land. It should be a principle ,with farmers never to plough down linger-, ininated weed seeds, but to cause them, to germiuato before ploughing takes place. Just when the crop is ? first cut, the surface is mellow and may be easily worked, so that, if the necessary hands can possibly be spared, it will be advisable to harrow the ground as soon as the crop is in cock or stook, as the case may be. By harrow ing first in ©no direction, and then crosswise, the whole of the land, except that covered by the cocks, &c;, will be well harrowed, and the weed seeds will bo sufficiently, covered for the first shower to cause them to germinate. If the land he very foul, the harrowing may then be repeated, choosing dry, scorching weather for the purpose. This will des troy the first batch of weetls, and on the next occur rence of rain another lot will germinate. Wo only cite this course of practice in illustration of the principle above recommended for adoption. Some farmers use- a light scarifier instead of harrows, whilst others give a thin ploughing. The former is a very good plan, but the shallowest ploughing must inevitably bury a great many weed seeds too deeply to germinate, and hence wo do not recommend that system. We may suggest that where sheep are kept they may be usefully employed in clearing any stubbles that for want of hands cannot be attended to as above. Unlike horses and cattle, they will eat down almost any kind of weeds, and are the only effectual means of keeping docks in check. But if any of the burr-bearing weeds aro presont, tho sheep should not be turned on, for they will carry the burrs in then' wool to othor parts of the farm, and thus do irreparable injury, xne aiter-treatment oi the land ws shall refer to in future calendars. Green Fodder fob Autumn. — Some of the land just cleared of potatoes may bo sown with ninety day maize for autumn green fodder, if there is any chance of its being required ; or at any time during tho month a littlo rye may be sown, to^be succeeded next month by a further sowing. Potatoes. — These have done well in early localities, and will doubtless be equally good, if not better, in lato ones. Farmers near a good market may perhaps see a prospect of a late crop succeed ing, even though prices promise to be low ; and as the season appears to be favorable, it might be well to venture a small additional acreage. Mangels also and carrots have done well where they have escaped tho grub ; but where tho crop has been lost or damaged wo wonld not hesitato to venture another sowing on land adapted for this season of the year. Tho use of the roll both before and after sowing should not bo omitted, for it is very important, that the soed be brought into close contact with the soil, or it may fail to proceed even after germination. If rain could bo assurod, it would be well to soak carrot seed for a day before sowing ; but then it must not bo sown in dry ground, or much of the seed will bo likely to perish. Late crops of those two kinds of roots are very useful for tho dairy stock, horses and pigs, in tho spring. Even if grass should be abundant, thoyprovo advan tageous, as they permit of more grasses being cut for hay, whilst if tho spring grass is scarce or washy they are invaluable. Some farmors have adopted tho practice of sowing a few mangols where evor thoy will grow ; thoy say that oven though the crop may run to seed through being sown out of season, it furnishes an amazing supply of cow foddor of excellent quality. Tobacco. — If tho weather bo favorable for tho purpose, a furthor sowing may tako place at once, but not later than tlio middle of tho month in warm localities, whilst it is too lato altogether to sow tobacco in cool one_s. It has to bo remomberod that solar heat at the poriod of ripening is essential to tho production of quality. Mere bulk, perhaps, may be obtained from late sowings, but if the leaf Jy™j,p p f hrin . mnf,urity^nf tor , the, . cpl]L weather has particulars that go to . make up valaj §§ in a sample. As soon as the first crop is harvested, If let no time bo lost in removing all tho suckers ei. m cept one^rthe strongest; and as that .will grow §1 rapidly at this season, it may be fit for stopping etj §] another calendar appears. It will be better to stop 9 these second shoots rather closely than' to attempt j§ to secure a large crop. Five or six good leaves are M as many as should be left upon each stem. |$ Precautions Against Bush-fires will bs« specially needed, for the country is covered with a H heavy crop of dry grass, which, though very satis. II factory in one point of view, is an element oi if serious danger. Stacks and stackyards should b6 j| specially protected, but to do this effectively m is no easy matter. A strong wind will oftea » cany the fire over the widest obstacles. As i ij rule, the fields surrounding the stackyard should |j be kept rather bare, and if this bo done, the M ploughing of a land or so immediatoly around it will H] prove an efficient barrier to the progress of fire. In m some cases tho few lands next the stackyard atsffi cropped with mangels, carrots, potatoes or luccm according to the character of the soil or requirements of the grower. This arrangement is convenient on another account— a great saving is effected in the cartage of these crop; to tho homestead, where they are usually con sumed. 