ARGYLE AGRICULTURAL AED IIHORTI S OULTURAL SOCIETY. TIH. ninth annual meeting of the Argylo Agricul tural and Horticultural Society was hold yesterday Sat the Salutation Inn, MIr. J. W. Chisholm in the chair. There were about a dozen persons present. The honorary secretary, Mr. A. G. Finlay, read the following REPORT Tite oemmitee of ite Aretyle Agriculturol and IIortioulturai Solety have again toie pleasure of submltting their nloth annual report toe subscriberis of thies society ;and in do ro, althoueh they cannot silow any Ihprooemeut in tile soietly's pecuniary affirs, they hove eiii thys e csaltlen ofsubhcribiog thmlves solvent, its funds on IrntSd Eand a very large aouont woing by aeoerl subsicribers hto at one tiome 're tho croinrtey of your solcety, cnd oih ore hobelieve uill, ov t bein, rrmlnddo that we are still inoeisteiee(tleo paet severe drooght having for a tihe thrown us io tile chde and deprired us of o sr annual disildy of hoe producot of tle county,) eg:dl come foraror and encourage us with their ouneel, siuport, and as Snn earnest of sucn, an annually iberal contribotion to eno r o us once moro to brhng proninently before the publie at the next edhibtione the ricspeo ut ved al rceOher of the distriot; nod he it not forgotteon to seustain and rep it healthly eit enee tie oldest egriculsturel society yet estabioshed io tie colony. Yitour committee regret thit in onse lience of tile very thd season it as o deemed cistable to dispense with their atnual it?rth sxhibito, it bcing felt that there eoud be little or notillnhr really scorll eXitiniIIg. On Wrednesdny, 27th Septicbcr, 1080, She annual plougding matec aes eild in one of lr.hlhllslas's paddocs at Gnerroori sec, iondly crented for thile purPOSre. TiC lUnler of viciiors roereded fire heundrrd, and tihe greatest ocisfaetiio wcar eprersd anod odmieration elited at tile splcedid delougs ad spirite eompettition i ee of c ef our bert plougietr. bho eshiibrnn of stohk and poultry could hlrdiy be coisiderd O succees; bht inolorse tocit one or too animals (draught Mer) Were Ctloughts very highly of. t a meeting ht l for the purpose of reising ane d rescindineg one of your society's general rsles, it ars dactrntnid theat all ureserlptions i Te pyl on tile lt of January ln caci year instead ot as hitmcrto on timle Ct oflf1y. omn tills cause your society, you will orserre, loses a six mouthts' setbscription ; but this arrangement, it is ioped, sill in future cnmlllfy.nd meito rollor clea er to your subscrihers tile W. Sypars or Cllieh tilEc,- G dolan W. nay.Abn R.eA. eo eley, J. Siandeooddc. . hilps, I.- Lr ''his clrcumstnec has irtroiduced whi t h ust noJ r Ie o taket as a report for twsenoy molttisiei..from Ist lay, 1803, to 3Clt )eecrmbhcr.hom. Trhegctro tlhesn coried on tilroaglost that period nterely itcludee the plouging mntlt ihesold in Septembher last, and shich we are happy te say hea a entire success. CIn eonrCionll UrlO res to rfryoul to ile tcereaeS rencoest showing a bhleane to tite credit of your soeiety of cd7 ise. d. Tides otount, tlthituth sleltti, ccili wo trust Se eouhiderohly augmented by tie subscriptions noe due iby every mtetber of the soieity. Your committee have to tender tteir Othnols 5o fr. Clerlo for its kindness in grating tile society te use of tis rootn, cned to eessr. Lord and S'itilips for tieir very eficrnt seor vices in all things pertaining to the eelfre of tite society. The honorary tresre r, o Ir. S. Emanuol, read the following bhlance-sheet:- Oen Teardsc en JAccohnr Wlor rner Anorte Aeoervaranc, bro IIonlcUeLorunL SuocIes rnoo Mac is5r 100r5, ce DeoenoE r 31, 1880. S18e5. an. £s. i 3Idy 1. alnc n bnh............................. ..... 817 e sep o. aleeived for both oentrances tC horse and poultrycxlistionas nd ploughing mtheots 21 5 0 Collected oat gatesr for admission to exhibition o d ditto ................. ................ ..... 20 18 10 I eturned prilp.................ec .......e.......... O 0 Aenuua subscriptions ....................... to . 1. 0 18e0. Sept Ileeclr ffr booths, entrances to horse aud poultryehthlbltiaoua ndploughlngmatohcr 23 12 0 Proeeeds of sale of gate....................t.... 20 2 e hubeerlptions ................................. .. 7 0 0 0 108 7 5 coc5. C ce. d Sep. 28. Prices awarded for ploughtng mathes.. 28.0.. o Ditto ditto tohorses . ;......... 12 0 0 Ditto ditto poultry .............. . ...e............ 10 0 sundry eapenses........ ..........c;............c.... 413 1 Labour........................................... 0 2 0 Gaulburn Argus......... ....... ......... . 17 O Goulburnlleratdd .............;........;.........1. 11i3 3 ltoseProrhs ............................... o. 0 10 o Ie00. Sept. Prizes coarded for plouohing mnthers........ 30 o 0 Dilto ditto horses ............................ 0 0 Ditto ditto poultry ............................. , 10 C unedrise.............................e.................. 2 11 13alsaOe ............................ 41 0 £100 7 5 On the motion of Hir. Collins, seconded by HIlr. Lord, the report and balance-sheot wore adopted. Some discussion followed with respect to Slling up the offices, tho rules declaring that there should be at president and five vice-presidents cs well 00 a cooi mittee of twoety-five. It was explinod that this had noeor been acted on; but as it still oppoared o0 the rules of the society, it wss couteltded that either it must be carried out or else the law must be altered. Finolly,on tho motion of lir. Emnanuol, seconded by Hir. Riley, the words five vico-prosi dents were omitted os wccIl s the proeiso in tie same law with respect to the quentity of land to be hold by members of committoe. Stlr. J. 'V. Chisholm was thee appointed president for tto ensuing yoar, and lIcsers. Fistlity tnd \ Emanuel wore re-olected secretary and treasurer respectively. Ttte following gentleioon were appointed members of cotomittco :--nessrs. S. II. Se.lcher, JC R. t.Gunon, J. Aloeoteldor, J. Collittsr TV. Conoll·, :R. II. Blomficd, \V. It. Ililcy, S. P. Ceetmore, A. G. DoLauret, II. Pytcn, I. Foe, W. S. Chtapman, G. Cole, W. Lansdowcts e A. Gibson, WV. A. Chisholm, W. II. Ilignam, C. R. Titorni, H.. A. feeloey, J. Sctnde, hN. C. C. I'ihillips, If. Lord, 15\. Plumb, R. J. Shirrifl, and P. Jamiouee. Hir. Chisholm returned tttanohs for his election 00 president of the society. Ito thought the society cralculated to do good in the districtt; but was sorry that it was so bcdly supported by tilo firmers generally. Unless they would tali a greater interest in its welfare he was tfraid thit the society would yet fall to the ground. The meeting then terminated. Goeuennc POLICE COUIeT. - On Vedncsdayt James 3irtlos, for losing the horses of Ior. Deering, his omployor, was flned 3e. 6d., ond for absenting himself from Itis hired service woas lioed lt0e. and costs. Sarolt Jordatn, oi the eoimplcliit of Jessio Paton, was ordered to titd sureties inlo £10 to lrop hoe eace. Slug ltring licenes were grtlnted to \Woslter oynolds of Tuargo and Jothr O'orien of ilioda.- On Thursday Joltn *rieon,ttrought up for vigrancy, wsae diechargod.-Yoestorday Williaits Stconnell, b: brought up for druoetennnss, sos dischirtged. G eorgeo Wort, for being illegally on the premises of the Salutation Inn, wiat dioetlrgcd. Jrcemiah imbetle was chargod with illegatlly casting etight roil into the "Wollondilly Riover, but the cico wase withdrasr'n as it alppelrced ilttct Lisobcck was not the person guilty of the oienco. IoaorST.--Yentordaoy lr. Wiaugh hold an inqucst at tho Goulburn hospitcl ou the body of J'osoph Thompcon, labtqrcr8 oca d thirty.-threo. Ptcersot was rocoived into the institution on Sunday last suffering from piles, and yesterday morning was found dead. The oeidence of Dr. Itanford showed that death resulted from apoplexy. Verdict accord ingly. GourLBvRn ANHUAst "tAccS. --Tloro appears at last to be a reoasonable prospect of the Goulburn annual races Ibeing revived, as an advertisement appecars in another cohinn by whlichl it will be seen that certain gentlemoon have accepted the ollice of stowards, and that the days for racing are fixed for the 24th, 25th, and 26th April. a)I:Tr oF rIt: s ncUour SIRc SxcSON.--?Mr. George II. Thorn's well- known draught sire Samson died on the morning of Friday weook of inflammation after suffering for two days. Samson was a very valuable animal, Mr. Thorn having on one occasion been offered as much as £300 for hIim. I[o hlas always taken prizes whenever exhilited, either in Sydney or in Goolburn. No less than four prizes of the Argylo Agricultural Society fell to Iris share. It may lthus be said tihat not only does Sir. Thorn, but also the whole district, sustain a soevero loss. lxR-,.-A good shower or two fell last evening; but at the time of writing it is once more fine. Ralin is greatly needed; for though grass is still plentiful and, perhaps owing to tie Careless Use of Firo Prevention Act, bush-fires hIave been almost nn inown, still water is becoming exceedingly scarco, in some places more so oveno than last year. PlsEoe fATCla.--Tie day for the pigeon match is fixeds fog Vednesday, whon sonme excellent sport may be expected. COLols:cross PunLec ScIoot..-In accordance with thoe Public Schools Act, the Council of Edlucation haveo taken the lanto national echool at Collector under theoir supervision. Mr. Bonyngeo, who is retained as teacher, has received notice from tlo Council to this effect, informing him that for tihe future the school, under his charge shall be designated a publio school, and the local board havo boon tappoinled, viz., Messrs. ,T. W. Clhisholm, J. J. "Waddell, J. Kenny I. uRalsjohn, and S. Crowther. It is to be hIoped that the names of such gentlemns as these will he sullicient to convince all that the filso state ments made from time to time, and especially of late, respecting the school have not the slightest founda tion. SIr. Wasddell has kIindly granted ai frtherllor use of the building in wbich tihe national school was conducted until a suitablo building shall bhe orected by the Council.-Communicated. Cslcur;T.-- Tho following are the eleven chosen to represent the Union Club in the match with Bun gonia on Slonday next, thle 18th instant:--MIessrs. Payton, Teece, Kelly, Rowbotham, Webster, C. Gillespie, Riley, W. Chisholm, G. Rankin, F. Mann, and A. Chisholm. Emergency men, J. Cann and E. Gillesie.— Communicated. UIIUJIUps.-CIU unuumeasu.(LB PoDe.e-orrrce RosTsa.--February 18thl, V. II. Itovell and W. E. Dignam, Esqs.; 20th, A. S. Ciisholm and F. R. L. Rosst, Esqs.; 22nd, 11. lItarks and A. G. IIuthwaito, Esqs. A IEAvYr Loan.-As an evidene of the im proved condition of the great southern road between Picton and Goulburn, a waggon bolonging to lIessrs. Davies, Alexander, and Co. delivered at their stores this weekl the, we believe, unoxampled weight of seven tons fivoe londredweight. The waggon was derawn by eight horses.-Communieated. PI'enLc ScluooLs.c-Tho undermentionedl gentlemen have been appointed to form the local school boards in conneclion with the public schools establilshed at thie iplaces speeilled, viz.:-Colletor--J. W. Chis holm, Esq., J.P., J. J. VWaddell, Esq., J.P., Mr. J. leonny, lMr. II. Otabjotn, lIr. S. Crowethr; MOruemln-A. Ranken, Esq., J.P., D). Meorric, Esq., J. Felljames, Esq., lIr. J. Fergason; lIillbang--J. W. Chisholn, Esg., J.P., J. J,. \Vaddell, Esq., J.P., ler. J. lacauloy, OIr. S. lBaker, lMr . J. Byrno; Forwood--W. Davies, Esq., Ir. J. lIfcShano, ltr. RI. Fenwilek; Thalaba--lr. Benjamin Marsh, lir. Itenry Brewer, MIr. William Greene; Tumut--. V. Vyner, Esq., P.20., E. G. Brown, Esq., O.P., L. Olandelson, Esq. J.P., J. lRobortson, Esq. FUII, TIIenvn ?INOC EENTS TO Tnor PDOLICc. Twelve more policemen arrived in Braldwood from Noelligon, on route from Sydneyo , on Friday and Saturday last, and it is stated that seventeen morn arrived at Nelligen by the steamer yesterday. It is computed that there is an effective force in the district now of between one hundred and fifty and one hundred and eighty men. 'The mounting of these additional men is exercising a wonderful influ once in raising the value of horse-flesh in the local market, hitherto in such a depressed condition. Braidwood Dispatch. Gueaso,-.-Tht Rev. Robert Johnston, of the WVesleyan Chutrchl, has been-rogistored at the registrar-general's ofico under the Act 19 Vie., Nos. 30 and 10, for the celebration of marriages.-Yass Courier. Pansno Roan.--The line of parish road from Burrowa to Yass, mentioned in the Gazette of the 12th Decemnber, 18650, hlns been formally marked and opened by the proper officer, and the same is now open for public us?o.-Yass Courier. T.Il: UBusIRlaNOErris s.- Te outlaw Clar?e on d his companions since the largo accession to the police force of the district appear to have made themselves scarce. There aroe numerous reports flying about as to their whereabouts, but none of them appear to bo very credible. It was rumoured that they wore seen about the Shoalhaven district last week, or at least three armed mounted men supposed to be they, that they had called for rations at some settler's place near the coast between Ulladulla and the Clyde River. Thcro were also rumours, how over of their being seen in this district at the same time, so that it is impossible to attach any credence to the many rumours about as to where they are, The three armed men seen on the coast are as likely as not to boe a further reinforcement to the bushranging fraternity, for it must be noticed how largely the professors of the highway are now increasing. Our telegram from Sydney last night informs us that in the Bathurst district, where the other day the highway within a few miles of the town was taken possession of by busbrangers, four young men (probably graziers) have been captured for bushranging. As a contradiction to the implica tion which has been so much insisted upon that it is the new settlers from whom the lawlessness arises, it is patent to every one conversant witli tihe social condition of the interior that it is only amongst families of long standing that the ramilications of this peculiar crime become formidable, and defy all the efforts of the police by the system of harbouring which it creates. It would be curious if according to MIr. lMyers' much abused theory, it should turn out that these youngsters had derived their inspiration from a metropolitan coterie.-Braidwood Dispatch. FBulrernc IINrrl:ta.L DrISCOVERIrES IN T'ciE Y?AS oDIS TricT.-Somo remarkably uine specimens of lead ore havoe bcon discovered about one mile and a Ihalf from MIr. Brassil's inn, at Waroo. Tiho discoverer is an American gentleman, named Youngson, who has bad considerable experience in the working of mines. IIo expects he will be able to strikeo the lodo in a north-westerly direction from whero he procured the specimens; and ehould appearances justify it, his intention is to erect a s hlneing farnaee and bring the ore into a merchantable condition. Of course, much will depend on tihe thickness of the lode, and if that should prove any way considerable, we may, in the course of eighteen months or two years, have sholot-lead, lead piping, and shot mnnufaoturod within seven or eight miles of Yass, Tihe land is the property of Mr. HIamilton HIume; and we under stand that gentleman takes a lively interest in the discovery, and will pilac no obstacleo in the way of its profitable development. iMr. Youngson requires no assistance, pecuniary or otherwise, in the pro specting or working of tie lodo, having means sulli ciunt to carry on the work. It may be mentioned that the richest lead ore is that in which there is the smnallest per-ceentago of silver, and that can be roughly estimated by the test of specific gravity. The specimens of the Waroo lode leada to the belief that the lead is nearly pure ; some silver, of course, will bo found associated with it, but in less than asual anuantitv. --Yalss Couriar. Succel:srun, Fesulso.--V e lad tho pleansuro on Satlurday l?st of injspectling what we hloo no hcsi tation in pronouncing the finest haul of Murray cod, the fruit of a day's angling by one sportsman, over, or at least for many years pasto, brought into .rucanbhyan. These lish were sixteon in number, lnd weo made a note of their respective weights, as follows -152 Ibs., l? Ibs., 13tbs., 12 1bs., 1 Ibs., 10lbs., 10lbs. 10?lbs.. i lbs. 9?lbs., 9-lbs., 7?bs., 6d sLa., and ?j lhs. 'T tal, 161gbs., or 32 lbs. less thon 14 rwt. Thrcso splendlid fishl weore nall taken with a hookl baited withll beeoof or mutton, and wero, with the exception of two or threCO, hookled during the day, botwcn the hours of ten a..n, anld six p.m.; at doawn and dusk, usually the best periods of the day for fishing, there wnas little or no biting. These fisah wore taken at thie D)cep Creek, near its jonction with Lake George.-Quoanbeyan Age. "Sc'UlsosI oN' IIsansAr Y Rol-narll.-- At the Quean beyan polic-court, on [ondayo, James 0Marshall, who Ihad boen spprbelendod at blurrumnburrah, on sus picion of being one of the men who recently lstuckl up and robbed MIr. A. McClung, on the Bungendoro road, and had boeen remanded to Quoanboyanu, war brought up for identiiention. Mr. Mrc lung and Mary Macdonald, servant at Royanl's publlic-houso, whero the robbers called and hod nobblers a little beoore tihe robbery occurred, were both called to identify, the prisonor; and both unhlesitatingl" stated that the prisoner was not one of the mon. Marshall was thereupon discharged; and inquired whether he was not ontitled to somno compensotion for tlh incon venience he had been subjected to, having been in custody seventeen days annl broughlt a long distalnce out of his way. The hoench replied that there was no provision mado for colnpsnsation for arrests under such circumstances. Nothing but what was requi site to further tile ends of justico had been doneo; from the close rosomblhnco of prisoner to one of the robbors the police Ihad only done their duty in arresting him. lMarshall thereupon left the court. Quaonbosan Age. Tsln CO.ssr.Es?s Use o' FIsrs PIIe.VENTIOs AcT soarns to be operating very beneficially, if we may judge from the few bush-tires lwhich have occurred this season, notwithstanding the extremo dryness of the past month or so andl the conseqront inflammablo stato of thIe grass, undergrowtl, and dead wood of the bush. It is very plessing to observo since the act came inforeo, whlat precaution travellers and others use in kindling their fires, in most cascs choosing the roads and spots bare of grass for thlt purposo, and theln carefully extinguishing the fires on luanving their camping-ground. - Queanboyan Ago. 