FIRE INSURANCE FOR FARMERS. [By a correspondent of the Australasian.] Day after flay (taring the past three or four weeks accounts of disastrous fires have been received from all parts of the I colonies, some having been the result of accidental causes, and some the work of incendiaries. The waste and destruction of property cannot but be deplored ; and ' the wore we think upon this subject, the more we feel called upon to urge those men of capital, position, and knowledge of < insurance business to bring into active life two or more insurance companies, through whose agency the agriculturist would, for | a small amount, be able to secure the results of his year's labor, and free himself from a great deal of anxiety. In England, upwards of seventy million pounds worth ' of agricultural property is insured among the many offices established for; that purpose ; and it must be remembered that in England there are no bush-fires, no rascally swagsmen, who look upon firing i your crops and fences as a just return | for your refusing to give them more I than one night's " bed and tucker." The large extent, too, of our farms and stations make them in some instances difficult of being properly guarded, and the most careful man cannot prevent at times extensive and disastrous losses by fires. If the farmers themselves were to invest their spare cash in these companies their chances of gain would be doubled ; their interests would be identical, and a fire on a neighbor's farm or at a greater distance would create as much excitement as if one's own property was being burnt. Under the present system of non insurance no farmer is ever for a moment secure from these terrible and ruinous visitations ; and we repeat that if the English agriculturist finds it to his in terest, by the present payment of a small a^nml sum in tiie shape of pre miums, to secure to himself the benefit.of perhaps years of labor and care, how much more does that necessity exist in a country situated as Victoria is, where tile former is not only exposed to all the risks of his prototype in Europe, but to other addi tional and imminHit dangers. The damage done this season among the crops is more serious than usuaL This may be accounted for, perhaps, from the fact that the farms in many districts are only of one year's growth, and that the owners have had quite enough to do to get their crops in and fences put up without paying attention to the long grass outside their enclosures, and from which source half this year's fires have sprung. A farmer, in nineteen cases out of twenty, may partially protect bimmJf at his boundary line, either by ploughing a half rod of land round the outside fence, or by cultivating a strip of maize, sorghum, lucern, or potatoes inside his boundary. Another good plan is by burning at sun down, where possible, a strip of grass outside the farm. Another advisable plan is to feed off with sheep as closely as possible, and this ought to be done early in the season, when there is flavor and nourishment in the feed. At the time the grass is dry as well as long it it ill he useless putting sheep on, they mil tread it down without eating it. A mutual protection company is the safest remedy of all—a company or companies (for I advocate the establishment of two or three) professing to insure not only the crops, but stock, buildings, fences, and everything else found on a farmer's premises. No one profession has so little protection from fire as the fanner. No one needs more; but certainly no class has shown less anxiety to create a system of mutual protection than they have. I know that most in surance companies object to entertain rural risks, and stringent conditions are insisted upon ; but there is no necessity for these conditions to be prohibitory, as they have been hitherto. Let the farmers have their own insurance companies. Let all have an interest, not only in their own properties, but in their neighbors'. In many localities the farmers before harvest agree among themselves that upon the first alarm of fire any and every hand shall be knocked off work, and all their energieBconcentaatedto extinguish the fire;, but this energy would be displayed in a j greater degree if the owner of the property being destroyed and his neighbors assist ing in the prevention of its destruction had an interest in the same in«irsm<v? company. Fires may be traced to acts of carelessness more than to any other cause. But law? can be made to suit all cases, and ire believe that before long local laws will be found to be necessary for staying this careless use of fire by smokers, team sters, and Bwagsmen. It is almost as culpable to light a pipe in a harvest field as in a powder magazine, and it is a good plan many fanners adopt of not allowing smoking between meals, or anywhere but in the hut. Some appreciate their non smoking laborers so much as to allow them higher wages than those who smoke. As our number of fanners increase we imagine tbe danger from fire wOl de crease, from several reasons; among other things, more strips of green fodder wul be purposely grown; paddocks of English grasses are greatly on the increase, and they wOl play their part as partial stop pages. Again, the population is increas ing, and an area of agricultural land has now four or five times its number of occu piers, and we may add guardians. Another reason why the damage in future wOl be lessened is, if two or three insurance companies be formed, and the majority of farmers become shareholders, there will be a better supervision generally in the country districts. A year or two since, if a curl of smoke was seen in the distance, the first question asked was " How's the wind!" and if blowing from the farm, "Oh ! 'tis all right, 'twont come near as," and the usual work went on as if nothing was wrong, and your neighbor was not being ruined. We are not so uncharitable as to imagine that this un generous feeling was universal, but it existed, and does still exist. Agricul tural property has been usually looked upon by the Insurance Companies as too "risky." Indeed, until recently, only one company did business in this branch of insurance ; but with stringent conditions attached to the policies, a higher rate of premium, and a general desire to insure created throughout the farming community, it would be found to be a far more profitable branch of in surance than many others. There is little likelihood of deception in cases of pro posals for insuring. Hie inside of a stack can be examined as surely as a house. The standing crops and fences are before the agent's eyes, and a certificate from a qualified " vet." would be satis factory so far as regards the health of stock. And looking at the value -of our agricultural produce and stock in the aggregate, and the insignificant percen tage destroyed by fire or taken off by disease during the year, I most express my surprise that tins channel for enter prise and capital has been so long neglected. There is abundant room for two or three companies to operate; in fact, it would be imprudent and very bad policy for only one company to take all the risks of an agricultural district. Much would have to depend upon lite judgment of the local agent or surveyor; and certain conditions imposed and insisted upon, conditions sim ple in themselves, and which a great many fanners comply with even without under taking to do so to a company, such as not permitting more than two stacks to be built in close proximity to each other ; stacks not to be within bo many yards of a public toad; stacks to be ploughed round at such a distance and at a stated breadth ; a starip of land ploughed or a certain width of road to be between, the culti vated land or stackyard and dwelling house; no steam thrasher to be used without having sufficient spark-catcher attached; no smoking allowed in the stackyard or paddocks. All the above conditions are now being carried oat by scores of our farmers, whose stock and stacks are as safe to insure as almost any town properties. It rests with the farmers themselves in a great measure to secure this "protection" to themselves and families. It is not too late even this season for them to take at once active steps, aad either en courage any company already willing to receive proposals for insurance, or set afloat one company or more for then own especial protection. This season is a plentiful one, and every agriculturist and stockowner oaght to set aside say ten per cent, of his amount of capital for purchas ing shares in some Farmers 1 Insurance Company. This state of thing*, must assuredly come to pass, and that coon, and those who are first in the field with tact and capital will be the first to reap the benefit. Let a farmer bear in mind that the protection for die produce of 100 acres may be obtained off about one mere or a ttiAe more, and surely no man who values the interests of his family, as well as freedom from anxiety on his own part, will hesitate to insure these at so small a 