THE NEWS OF THE DAY. ? y ? — JJi? R?jal Highness the Pnke oi .EdtnuTirgn held a leveo ftt tho Exhibition Bnilding yester day, which wns numerously attended. In tho evening the city wa3 magnificently illuminated, and tho Prince, attracted by tho 'brilliant display, traversed the streets, to tho intense delight of the multitude, who wero most de monstrative in their applause. The events nro more particularly described in other columns. Wo tire authorised ts stato that, by permis sion of Captain H.R.H. theDoke of Edinburgh, those who are desirous of visiting H.M.S. Galatea during her stay in this port will be enabled to do so. The ship will bo open to the public en Mondays and Thursdays, commencing with Monday, the 2nd of December. His Royal Highness visited tho Molbourno Club last ovening, and witnessed the illumina tions of tho city. It is his intention to be present to-day at the Port Phillip Farmers' Society's Show, at or about noon. He will be accompanied by his Excellency the. Go vernor. The' cricket match — Natives v. World — will commenco this morning at twelve o'clock. H.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh will not arrive on the ground until after luncheon, being en gaged with tho English mail. H.R.H. has kindly promised that the Galatea band will be in attendance, if H.R.H. can get it up from tho ship in time. Tho World team loses the services of Horan through illness ; and Lionto nant Noyes, of tho 14th, will play in his stead. Cabs will not be allowed in tho paddock. H.R.H. will onter the ground by the Richmond gate, and will drive round tho ground inside the chain fence to tho bowling green, where he will be received by the president and office bearers of the Victorian Cricketers' Assooiu tioa and tho JVI.C.C, and conducted to his pa vilion. Tho band of the 14th will also bo in attendance during the day. A brilliant meteor, lighting ap the heavens for a time, was seen in tho west, passing quickly from north to south, and about midway between the horizon and zonitb. on Mondav evening, about eleven o'clock, at Dayleaford. It had the appoaranco of a ball of fire of a bluish color, leaving behind it a tail or stream ing light of about twenty feet in length. During the illuminations last evening, a fire was discovered in the first floor of Messrs T. Loader and Co.'s store, 195 Elizabeth street. A csnstable quickly obtained a ladder, and forcing one of the windows, found the fire confined to a wooden stand, upon which q num ber of candles had been placed, and having burnt to the sockets, set fire to tho wood. A few buckets of water quickly extinguished the fire before the arrival of the brigade. We understand that the presonoe of two in dividuals, who, uninvited, attended the ball given by his Excellency the Governor and Lady Manners Sutton, on the 5th July last, was no ticed, but forbearance was exercised, and they wero not required to withdraw. A fair con sideration, hovyever, for invited guests renders it impossible to extend unlimited consideration to persons who are not invited, and wo believe that measures havo been taken to prevent ,tho possibility of such intrusion at tho ball to night. A number of watermon's boats were to be seen cruising round tho Galatea yesterday, some of which went alongside, but were po litely informed that the Bhip was not yet open for public inspection. It is to be hoped that there will be no farther exhibition of suck ill manners. We observe that extensive bush- fires are now raging across the harbor at North Shore, Sydney. The distribution of the City Council's bounty to the poor families livin« within the city boun daries, in honor of the visit of his Royal High ness, csmmenced at the Immigrants' Home yesterday, when the following numbors were supplied : — 13-t families, comprising 540 souls. The provisions distributed consisted of 780 lb beef and mutton, 58 lb tea, 251 lb sugar, [678 lb Hour, 1C2 lb currants, 106 lb raisins, and 228 (21b) Ioavo3. The distribution will be continuod to-day, and on each succeeding day until all aro supplied who have received tickets. The ouly casualty reported at ths Melbourne Hospital as having occurred during the illumi nations was that of a man who had his hand crushed between two cars, but the injury was so slight that he left the institution after hav ing it attended to. The timber collected for tho bonfire on Mr Fraser's ground, in the Donnybrook and Wallan Wallan district, was set fire to by some mis creant on Sunday evening, but the loyalty of the inhabitants was not to be damped so. A great number turned out on Monday and made a still lai'ger bonfire, which was to be seen for a long distance in every direction, tho site being so very high and conspicuons. A number _o£ the inhabitants collected to see it set firo to, who wero very demonstrative in their loyalty, and enjoyed themselves much in dancing and other amusements. We observe that, in order to enable the Ade laide passengers to be present at the races on Saturday, the Aldinga will not leavo until sis o'clock that evening. At that hour she will sail from the Hobson's Bay Railway Pier. It was recently rumored that MrJPascoo, Town Clerk of Echuca, intended to becoma a candidate for Avoca during the forthcoming elections. We have reason to know that this statement is incorrect.. It is much more likely that Mr Pascoa will contest Croplands, in tho Ministerial interest, against Mr Love. A public meeting of the frienoa and admirers o£ Mr Matthew Burnett was h*ld on Monday night at tho Temperance Hall, Ballarat. Mr William Long was voted to the chair, and in a brief speech urged' upon all present to prove their admiration of Mr Bornett'fl zeal ia the cause of temperance by at least seeing that ha did not loso anything in 0 pecuniary senBo. It was resolved upon tho motion of Mr H.' Ab bott to present a testimonial to Mr Burnett' and the chairman called upon the meeting to at once set about the work. Fire gentlemen vol«nteered to collect subscriptions towards the above object, and received books forth* same. Upon the motion of Mr Bunting a hearty vote of thanks was passed to the chair man, and tho meeting closed. At St. Kilds, on Monday and yesterday, ther« was but one constable on duty. The lock-np was it-elf locked np, its solitary euatodian pa trolling the streets, but not having to make a single arrest. There was not a single lock-up case at most of the suburban police stations on Monday. A fire of a seriously dcstructiTo character broke out on Monday evening at Newstead, on Messrs Kydd and Mackay's farm, adjoinin-r Messrs Menzies' property; five stacks of wheat were destroyed, besides a valuable thrashing machine. There is every reason to suppose it was tho malicious oct of an incendiary, ac cording to tho report of tho Daily News. One stack (an end one) had been thrashed early in the day, and the eDgine fire had long been out. Moreover, tho firo broko ' out in one sf the ' middle stacks, and any sparlcs from the engine would have immediately ignited so inflammable a material. It is mentioned that tho oaino moruiug five men who had been working on the ground wero discharged by Messrs Kvdd aud Mackny. Wo have not heard whether ths jrrvueny wr.5 covered by Insurance. A South Gipps Land correspondent of tha Guardian states that in all probability Mr Henry F. Phipps, of Melbourne, who ia a stanch supporter of tho present Government, will contest South Gipps Land upon Ministe rial principles. This is tho substance of a communication recoivod from Mr Pbipps ;_ ' With reference to the election for South Gipps Land, I shall be briof, as I am not writing an Rddress. I am a strong and stoady supporter of tho present Blinistry, and I heartily wish to assist them in fighting tho great battle of tho people against the Upper Honso. As this will be tho second occasion the country will bo called upon to assist the Ministry in maintaining tho independence of the Lower Honso in holding the strings of tho public purse, I sincerely trust that the ma jority of the Lower House will be sneb. as to satisfy tho upper ten thousand that tho As sembly truly represent the majority of the well-wishers of this country. I cannot but ad mire tho consistency and determination of the Ministry en lha Darling Grant question, and feel assured that the electors will show their approval of tho manner in which tho majority of the Assembly bo steadily supported the Ministry upou that question.' Mr Pbipps is a gentleman highly respected in Melbourne, ha is an exoellent orator, and at the last election got defeated in a contested election in the Western district, where exolusiveness and spe cial tyranny rules tho roost, and where then those interests ruled tUo elections. Tho cases disposed of at tho City Police Court yesterday wero devoid of interest, The annual renewals and applications for pawn brokers' licenses for the ensuing year 18C8 wero made, tho bench granting the licenses in every case. The usual weekly meeting of the committee of management of tlio Melbourne Hospital was held yesterday ; Mr Hart in tho chair. Thero were also present Messrs Gillbee, Jsine3, Fenton and Gibbs. A letter was read from the President of tho Ovens Distriot Hospital, urging tho necessity of memorialising tho Go vernor to take action to obviate the effects to bo anticipated from a stoppage of supplies. It was unanimously resolved that it was not de sirable to take action in tho matter. Some routine business was transacted, and the meet ing closed. Tho number of persons arrived at the port of Melbourne, by way of seaboard, daring the punt weak ending 23rd Novembor, was as fol lows : — Neighboring colonies, 381, of whom 68 have arrived from Now Zealand ; United Kingdom, 418. Total, 799. Wo kave Sydney files to tho 23rd inst. ; but the news, as usual, has been anticipated by telegram. A telegram from our Sole correspondent re ports the enthusiasm with which tho arrival of tho Prince in Victoria has been celebrated throughout Gipps Land. We have a telegram announcing similar exhibitions of loyal enthusi asm in Worraambooli and indeed throughout the whole country. From the Border Watch, of 20th November, wo select the following : — ' Wo are inform:d that the man Goodridge, at present lying under senlenco of death for tho murder of his wife, has embraced tho faith of the Roman Catholic Church. Ho formerly professed to hold the tenets of the Church of England. No authentic information has boon yet received whether or not the sentence passed upon him will be car ried into execution.' The Flagstaff-hill Illumikatiox Lahpj, whicli wero exhibited lost evening, will be sold by anction by Mr J. Lyons, in tho Gar dens, this morning. In the report of a luncheon at tho Emerald hill council chambers, which too£ place on Monday, it was stated in yesterday's Age that tho Mayor and council of Melbourno wero en tertained ; it should have been tlie Sandridge Council. Victorian Regatta Committee.— The com mittee will meet this evening at Garton's Hotel, to receive entries for those races that did not fill. Additional entries will also ho taken for the races already filled, and other business transacted. National Museum. — The number of visitors to the National Museums of Nutnral History, Geology and Economic Geology, applied to Minin-r, Agriculture and the Arts, fur the ween ending 23rd Novomber, was 12C9. The Mu seums are open to the pnblic daily (Sundays «- coptod) from 10 a.m. till 5 p.m., in the norm side' of the University and in the unfinished portion of the National Museum building, a the back of tbo University. Tub Tiieatiies, &c;— In consequence ol m attractions out of doors, there was a very poor attendance at all tho places of amusement u« evening. An afternoon performanco by iw Lehmans at tho Haymarket was also thinly patronised, but in this case the lacK w visiters might bo attributed to insufficient announcement. There wiU ba no change in the performances at tho Royal and Haymow* to-night. To-morrow evening Madame Celeste reappears at the Haymarkot 'ttfatre,Xr the -tronage of H.R.H. tho Duke of Edni burgh; and en tho same night MimBm* Juno will commence a short engagement at w Theatre Royal. 