LATEST COLONIAL NEWS. By the arrival of the s.s. Southern Cross, from Melbourne, we have dates from Victoria to the 9th itist:— TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. SYDNEY, Friday. A gentleman named Smith, engaged on tlie ' Brisbane Courier,' and on his way to Melbourne, died suddenly on Wednesday evening. The new Council of Education likely to cause some little stir among the denominations not represented. The Orleans Family have sent very handsome presents to JLady Young and Lord John Taylour for their attentions to the late Prince de Conde when ill. Business is not very brisk. Arrived.—Ziska, -from Mauritius, with a cargo of sugar, rum, and gunnies ; Epsom, from Java. The stakeholder for the great trotting match which was made between The Fool and Sir William Don, and for which the latter walked over, has paid over the-stakes to Mr ; Orr. It was thboght that there might be some diffi culty about it, AS there . was ^ a dispute abpnt.the fairness .of the Don's trotting, but the members of the Racing Club have indemnified the stakeholder in case of legal proceedings being taken. If an action is commenced ior the recovery of tbe staked it ip Intended to make up the amountty public*, subscription, ami.it is said that Mr tfogan, the owner of 'The Fool, will in thatcase be blackballed. Saturday, Later Manritins advices report only one vessel loading forMelbourne; - Uj,; Denilitjuin Assizes commence on the 14th inst. The Attorney-General J will prosecute. Judge Hargrave^ ; will preside. Four bushrangers robbed several Btores MU Wtlliogtoa on DmretUy sight Tlley attempted to rob a Cbioese sjtore) but were npulfqi after exchanging Rho'ts A match between .Green and Hifkey. rfp^th^Tchampionship is to be- made', tris: night. J •••••. •-• • -i j n; , 6ir'WilHara Dotf andhls owner leff for Melbourne to-difc®"' »>««("»••>•• j , _ ( r.j^^^j^^igafiiia^of.^elbpn^ 'the Qoverpmentq.hu ;determif)ei To; diocoutinue giving-,special hlrasT 'tb steamers at the ateam craneS'at NcwcaBtle af ter 'the' 31st 'December laati ; ' j . fhe Australia^ from Batavia, bfund ^o'jlelfcourne^liAS arti^eSi^b'ere,' b|it j wilL proceed' to Melbourne immediately. A cricket match has been arranged ttr take' place here on tlieTyTpj lSth, i and 19th itiei, between the Aboriginal Eleven and an eleven -chosen from. the various cricket clubs here. I ' Monday. ' A monster blast of sii .tons of powder, discharged hy electricity .on thd Western Railway on Saturday,, dislodged 45,000 tons of rock. • • < Mr Wilkins has been Appointed secretary to tho Education Commissioners. The Orleans Family have Bent a magnificent bracelet, valued at LI50, to Lady Young, as a token of gratitude for kindness to the late Prince; de Cnnde. Rickey has failed to make the match - against Green, who now claims tbe championship of Australia, and challenges any other candidate for L200, Tbe Currawang Copper Company have declared a ten per cent dividend. The markets are very quiet. Jireadstuffd are firm ; good bulk ales are improving. TLe Rev Mr M'Encroe received a handsome present per the Panama steamer Kaikoura, from Prince de Oonde's frieuds. Tuesday. The continued drought has so much reduced the water supply of the city, that the authorities notify its stoppage every night after seven o'clock. At auction, Bourbon sugars brought as follows:—Rations, L25 10s to 1.27 7s 6d ; low counters, L28 to L3010s; yelluw counters, L33 7s 6d to L34 7s 6d. Teas, ex Sophie, L7 3s to L7 9s; fin<s congous, Is 11W. Last year's yield of gold shows a decrease of 43,000oz, or an average weekly yield of only 4,536oz. Bushrangers robbed tlie mail between Brisbane and Ipswich yesterday. The steward of tbe steamship Florence Irving, and a friend, went boating on New Year's-day ; the former's body, and part of the boat, have been found, but the other man is still missing. Arrived.—Niphon, from Nagasaki, with 5,000 packages of tea. The settling on the New Year's-day races came off last night at Tattersall's, when the business w;is gone through in a most satisfactory manner. There was a little betting on future events done afterwards. The Barb was hacked for the Sydney Cup at 4 to 1, which was his closing price. He is backed at even money to win th6 Leger. ADELAIDE, Friday. Further relics of the Flinders Expedition of 1802 have been found at Port Lincoln. A motion has been carried in the Legislative Council for the production by Government of the despatches lately received from England ou the Boothby question. Saturday. The tender of Messrs. Wright, Woods, and Hamilton has been acropted for the survey of the Northern Territory. A survey party will proceed to the Soutb-East District next week, to commence the [examination of the natural] drainage of tbe country. An immense quantity of wheat could he sold at 4s per bushel, if it could be obtained free on board. A writer in the ' Register' recommends the shipment of bteadstuffs to the Brazils, as a profitable market exists there. Mr Dunn, the miller, says be intends trying the Indian market with his flour. Heavy bushfires are raging in the Mount Gambier district, causing great destruction of property. In some quar ters the grain was shrivelled by tbe iutense heat from tbe fires. Farn: labour in that district is scarce. The first overland mail under the new contract arrived at Mount Gambier from Adelaide in fifty and a half hours. In the Council, this afternoon, tbe bill to authorise the Government to borrow LI 50,000 for tbe construction of a new reservoir, was thrown out by the casting vote of the President. Monday. The English mail is due here on Tuesday night, under the old arrangement. Several survey parties leave by next trip of the Penola, to commence the survey of the proposed drainage to be carried out iu the South-Eastern District The captain of the Indian reports that on tbe 18th of October, in latitude, 2Gdei; north, longitude 38deg west, he fell in with the wreck of a large ship bottom up. He lowered a boat, and made a full examination of the wreck, but failed to fitid any evidence of either her name or to what nation she belongs, tbe hull being submerged to. so great an extent. The wreck appeared to be that of a large vessel, with Muntz's metal jsJjeathiugs. Every indication was there of the vessel having been wrecked recently. The Indian left New York on October. The 'South Australian Register" ton day said that Mr WCulIoch'a Government iutre done some wf v«tk tad foolish things, but' it. Ji6rdly thinks the Cabinet will be so foolhardy as to : tax -tlie people'a.bread. -A mtui.jmm ntiamed 'Lellar, ®;storekeeper, and late .n inajor of. voluhtpere/ has been sentenced to 12 months _ im-. -ptisonment-by-the-IosolvfeBt-Court. { t ^VawftHSbldAoii Abld by -auction '«>i day the %ntire'«irgo^iugar) t»f the Eliza tjcmyrtrodi Mauritiu&;'&rfti1rrateB.;,' ' Ui * .^Thfe 'millert. arS'buJyin^ wheaj afj 4s; a^d 5 ; sales" of goo^T, 'oount'ry brantU of-: ., Somp of tbe /sheep fflrmetp ia the far North adyertise that persons .seeking for employment will- not. be.fed 'by .tliem; -and tbat they will-no-longer-treat with tramps; but vrhin they want labour :.will send to town or to tht'" nearest'seaport for it. ' - - f • • " ' ' The rtev '"Messrs Watsford and Iron-, sides leave on Friday, ' per Coorong, .to attend the annual Wesleyan Conference,, which takes place 'at Hphart Towu shortly. ' ; In the Legislative Council to day the Appropriation Bill -was- passed. Parliament, it is expected," will be prorogued on Friday next. j BELFAST, Jan. , ; The election of a member to serve in tbe Belfast Shire Council, for the East- Tiiding, took place yesterday. . Mr J^mes Sennessy ptilled-161; llr James Maloney, and Mr William Rutledge, 18. The latter candidate did not poll a sufficient number of votes to entitle him to have bis deposit-money returned, and it 'will therefore be forfeite j. j WANGARATrA, Jan. 4. The bishop has notified to the Rev. C. Booth his intention lo stop bis state pay. Signatures have been solicited to a petition to the bishop to keep 'hini here. BOWEN, Jail. 5. Tbe sum of LI,400 was collected yesterday, to be distributed as a reward for the discovety of gold. A parcel of two ounces of gold was shown, which had been obtained at Mount Wyatt, two miles from the copper mine ; and eight dwt. which were taken from Stauner's Ranges, mi the north side of the Hutton mad, and twenty miles to the west- south-west, beyond Mount Wyatt. Tbe weather is exceedingly hot. Several drays start for tbe diggings on Monday. 