TELEGRAPHIC SUMMARY. [From 29th October to 15th November.] Garibaldi is a prisoner at Spezzia Mazzini cries for war or barricades. Victor Emanuel denounced Garibaldi's movement. Napoleon has demanded the evacuation of the Papal territory by the Italian troops. The Italian Government declines plebisciture in the Papal States, but favors the ultimate incorporation with Italy. Menabea has formed a government. Cialdini having failed. Garibaldi's defeat took place on the 3rd of November. A violent storm has taken place at St Thomas, the town is in ruins. Five mail steamers and fifty sailing vessels have been wrecked. A cyclone has taken place at Calcutta. There has been great loss on shore, and several vessels dismasted. The steamer Orissa was wrecked. The transport ship Bosphorus has been wrecked in Algoa Bay, and forty-five lives lost. The first portion of the Abyssinian expedition has landed at Zula, twenty miles from Mussowah. Disraeli has been warmly received in Edinburgh Two policemen have been shot in Dublin. A reward of L2 000 has been offered for the cap- fure of the perpetrators. The Democrats have called Ohio, New York, and New Jersey elections, the Republicans Massachusetts, Virginia, and Georgia Arrived — Woolloomoolloo, Sussex, and Blackwall Obituary — Earl Rosse, Colonel Harrison, Madras Artillery, accidentally shot, and General Robert Stewart. This day His Royal Highness, the Duke of Edinburgh, will stop a few minutes at the Kyneton station, on his way to Castlemaine, in order to allow the Shire Council of Kyneton to present him with an address. A telegram was received from the Engineer-in-chief, yesterday evening, stating that the Royal Train would leave Melbourne, to-day at 9 a.m., and arrive at Kyneton about 10.45 a.m. The Secretary of the Reception Commission, wishes this to be generally made known, and the railway authorities have made arrangements for the train to come in at the Kyneton side of the station, so that the Prince can walk direct from the Royal carriage on the dais, which has been erected in front of the station, outside, under the verandah, when the presentation of the ad- dress will take place. A number of school children and others, are we learn to assemble at nine in the morning, at the Mechanics' Institute to be arranged in order, and to be marched to the railway station to give His Royal Highness a welcome, and of course to sing the National Anthem. The station has been tastefully decorated with evergreens, and flowers, flags, banners, &c;, and displayed aloft are the signals, giving the Galatea's number, 1407. The whole was done yesterday, very neatly and expeditiously, under the directions of Mr Green, Government engineer; and the Shire secretary, Mr Apperly, has also been busy making preparations. The Council is to meet at an early hour to be in readiness, and bills have been posted about, indicating the time of His Royal Highness's visit. Those who wish to be present should endeavor to be at the station, by half past ten this morning, as the train, notwithstanding the short delay at Gisborne is likely to be punctually up to time. Children of all denominations, whether attending school, or not, are invited to attend, and arrangements have been made for their being safely taken care of, and after some amusement, they will be regaled with cakes and fruit, subsequent to the Prince's departure for Castlemaine. The day will be kept partially as a holiday, in Kyneton, and we would suggest, that places of business generally, should be closed, say from nine o'clock in the forenoon, till about twelve or one in the afternoon. An extraordinary meeting of the Wyndham United Gold Mining Company, Laurinston, was held in Melbourne, on Saturday afternoon, at the offices, 55, Bourke-street west. The chair was taken by Mr James McConnell. The rules and the deed of association were read, revised, and adopted, and the following appointments were made:— Mr G J Brace, legal manager ; Messrs Boyd and Filson auditors; and Messrs Charles Young, G. W. Johnson, M Healey, W Boyd, D F O'Connor, James McConnell, and W Braithwaite, directors of the company. To-morrow (Wednesday) there will be an important sale, by Mr Buscombe, auctioneer, at the Royal Hotel, of Mr Ellis's extensive landed property and houses in Kyneton. The Royal Hotel itself is to be sold, and, also, the large brick building adjoining ; some cottages and shops are to be sold, and about forty building allotments, in various parts of Kyneton—several of them being excellent and convenient sites for business places and residences. The terms are easy, and such an opportunity seldom offers for those who wish to invest, or to purchase building allotments for their own use. A public meeting, the Lancefield Chronicle states, was held at the Royal Mail Hotel, on Monday evening. About twenty gentlemen were present; Mr Riddell occupied the chair, and stated that the object of the meeting was to devise the best means of joining the Gisborne and Riddell's Creek people in a demonstration at Gisborne Railway Station on the occasion of the Duke of Edinburgh's passing on his way to Castlemaine; also co-operating with the Gisborne Road Board in presenting him with joint addresss. A resolution by Mr Stewart Deen Creek, to the effect that the Lancefield Board, should be requested to head a subscription list with a sum of £10 ??. A com- mittee was formed to ?? the district for funds towards ??? and that evening at the same place was ?? of next meeting, when the ?? could be arranged for. A correspondent of the ?? Guardian writing from Gisborne says :—The people here seem determined not to be ?? showing their loyalty to the Prince. A ?? demonstration is to take place the day His Royal Highness proceeds to Castlemaine. This ?? ing the Royal visitor will stop at New Gisborne station for fifteen minutes. Immediately upon its arrival between 600 and 700 children will sing "God save the Queen," and an address will be presented by the chairman of the Land Board. After the train leaves, the assembled multitudes will adjourn to the adjacent paddocks where a monster pic nic will be held, and the games and amusements customary on such occasions will be forthcoming. Altogether the coming festi- vities are looked forward to with pleasure by every person in the district. On Tuesday night last the Victoria Hotel, Blackwood; belonging to Mrs Cruise, was burned to the ground. Nothing was saved but a piano, some bedding and a cask of beer. The premises were insured. A little boy, aged five years, named James Ochiltree, who was run over by the wheel of a cart, on which he was climbing, at Lancefield, some days since, has died from the effects of the injuries he received. The poor little fellow, says the Chronicle, lingered from Saturday till Thurs- day, notwithstanding that he had sustained a fracture of the skull of some six inches in length, as shown by the post mortem examination. The result of the inquest, of course, was that deceased came by death from an accident, and the jury were of opinion that no blame could be attached to the servant girl, who was in charge of the dray. For failing to attend as a summoned juror, Mr Conway, of Lancefield, was fined £2. The funeral took place shortly after the inquest, and was very numerously attended. The Rev W A Lind officiated. The Gazette of Friday notifies the appointment of J H K Buscombe, Esq., as a member of committee of Kyneton Common School, No 343, and of William King, Esq, as committeeman of Glenlyon School, No 266. We see by the official returns that the trustees of the Lancefield cemetery have expended about £130 on gates, fencing, clearing, draining, &c.;, up to tbe close of last year, ,£53 of which were received from Government. The West Bourke Guardian stitei that several bushfires have occurred lately near Bacchus Marsh. On Friday a fire of a destructive character broke out at Mr Cardall's farm, Good- man's Creek, by which several stacks, some standing crop, and a stable with two racehorses, in training, the property of Mr P Cain, were destroyed. It is supposed the fire originated accidentally. Some £50 is to be spent this evening in Castle- maine, by the Reception Committee, on the display of fireworks alone. The Taradale celebration of the visit of H.R.H the Duke of Edinburgh took place, says the M A Mail, on Thursday last and was said, by those who have been going the rounds of these loyal festivals to have been the most successful and best managed that has yet taken place. The day was cold, and a few light showers was the only drawback. A long procession of juveniles, headed by the Castlemaine Volunteer Band, marched from the town to the Park, where, after singing the National Anthem, both children and adults were supplied with refreshments, and any one that did not have enough, it must have been their own neglect, for the committee were most assiduous in waiting upon all Eatables and drinkables were supplied with the greatest despatch and most business-like manner. After casks and bottles were empty and food no longer in demand, the procession re-formed and marched to the cricket ground, where a very attractive programme of sports was prepared. The racing was of more than ordinary interest, the prizes offered and the spirit of competition bringing many athletes from distant parts to try a spin with the local celebrities. Dancing, merry-go-rounds, swings, and other amusements were also provided. A display of fireworks provided by the committee, and others by private individuals, kept up the excitement until midnight, and gave general satisfaction. The West Bourke Guardian reports a lamentable occurrence that took place lately at the farm of Mr Boase, situated on the Werribee near Mount Cotterell. A man, whose subse- quent acts prove him to have been insane, called and asked for employment. He was told that his services were not required, but Mrs Boase kindly supplied him with food. On leaving the premises he was observed to pick up a rope, which he was taking away when the theft was reported to Mrs Boase, who followed and taxed him with ingratitude. The unfortunate man mumbled some incoherent language, threw down the rope, and in an exited manner made off in the direction of the Werribee, which runs at the bottom of Mr Boase's farm. Nothing more was seen of him, and the matter was for- gotten until a few days past, when two men who were fishing discovered the body of the man, not far from where he had been last seen alive. There was nothing by which the identity of the deceased could be ascertained, but he is supposed to have been one of those pitiable beings who become the subjects of intemperance, and ultimately meet a miserable end amongst strangers. It will be seen by our advertising columns that "excursion" fares will be charged on the railway from all stations to Castlemaine this day, and for Sandhurst to-morrow, for return tickets, available up till Friday night. The excursion fares are a little above ordinary single fares. On Monday, Charles McLean, charged with the abduction of a girl named Kate McPherson, not over 13½ years of age, was committed for trial by the Kyneton Bench. Bail was fixed at £100 for prisoner himself, and two sureties of £50 each. It has been resolved by the Committee of the Kyneton National School to establish an annual School Festival and Demonstration, including a soiree, to obtain funds for school repairs &c.; The first of these will take place towards the beginning of the year, probably immediately before the Easter holidays, as it is considered inadvisable, owing to the multiplicity of entertainments during the present season, to add this one to the long list of 1867. The school will also for this reason break up for the holidays on Friday next at 3 o'clock without any public demonstration, it bring considered better to postpone the delivery of recitations by the children, reports, &c;, to the time of the soiree. The ordinary examinations by written papers have already been held, and the prizes will be distributed according to merit, on Friday after- noon, by the examiner, the Rev G O Vance. A Tylden correspondent supplies us with the following information respecting the success of the late entertainment at Tylden for the benefit of the Kyneton Hospital :—"Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, the Tylden folks mustered very fairly ; almost to the last moment I thought it would be a downright failure, but when the Kyneton gentlemen arrived, and the bell ringer was sent round, we managed to muster about 40. It would be invidous to say who sang or read best, for some people admire comedy and others sentimentality. At all events the audience enjoyed themselves immesely, and too much thanks cannot be given to the Kyneton gentlemen, who came out notwithstand- ing the rain to give us such an intellectual treat." Another correspondent writes as fol- lows :—One of the entertainments in behalf of the Kyneton Hospital, from time to time got up by the indefatigable secretary of that institution, Mr Purdue, took place in Mr Clayton's School, Tylden, on Friday evening last. Despite the boisterous and wet.night, about 40 people at- tended, who were all rewarded for their boldness in venturing out, by the delivery of some very excellent readings and recitations, with the sing- ing of some capital songs by four gentlemen from Kyneton. Messrs Robertson, Stone,Purdue and Leeper. Mr P A Sinclair occupied the chair, and Mr B G Powell kindly gave selections of Welsh and Irish airs on the harmonium, besides accompanying the singers. Regret was felt for the absence of Mr Weigall, Dr Langford and Mr G Styles, who had promised to attend, but who were in various ways prevented. Those to whom we have referred, however, were found well able, without extra aid, to amuse and delight their audience and themselves for a couple of hours. We regret the smallness of the attendance for the sake of the Hospital, but that very circumstance perhaps made the affair more enjoyable to those concerned,giving it pretty much the air of a large and social party throughout. The Kyneton Annual Cattle Show will be held on Thursday. A great number of entries have been made already and the forthcoming exhibition promises to be an excellent one. The list of premiums has been very carefully made out, and on the whole, the prizes are liberal and numerous. The live stock, and dairy produce must be in the Yards by nine o'clock on Thursday morning, and the gates will be open to the public, at half-past twelve. The Royal Mail Steamship, Avoca, arrived in Hobson's Bay, at half past six, yesterday morning; and a portion of the English mails, by her, was delivered in Kyneton, yesterday afternoon. The Volunteer Infantry Corps under the command of Captain Gloster, are to fall in this morning at nine o'clock, at the Kyneton Railway station, to form a guard of honor for the reception of H.R.H. the Duke of Edinburgh. They are required to have their arms and accoutrements, cross belts, forage belts and cap covers. The Kyneton men will not be required, we believe, to proceed on duty to Castlemaine, as was at first spoken of. A woman was admitted to the Kyneton Hospital, on Sunday, from the Blue Mountain diggings, who attempted to cut her throat on tbe previous day. Her name is Mrs Mary Thomson, and, it appears, the unfortunate creature, in a moment of excitement, attempted, in the absence of her husband, to commit suicide, in order to end her troubles. The husband, an unlucky digger, on returning to his tent, found her all covered with blood, and Dr Plews, having been promptly sent for, dressed the wounds, and she was thereupon conveyed to the Hospital. She lost a good deal of blood, but, it appears that the wounds are not very danger- ous, and there are good hopes entertained of her recovery. She says herself it was poverty drove her to commit the cowardly and wicked act; but there are aome persons who say that it was something more potent, that excited her to the rash deed. On Saturday night a man named Felix Keon, fell off his dray, which he was driving on the road near Woodend, and broke his leg. He was admitted to the Hospital, yesterday, and is doing as well as could be expected. It will be seen by our advertising columns that the 4lb. loaf has been raised from 5½d to 7d, by most of the Kyneton bakers. The Deniliquin Chronicle states that " harvest work in the neighborhood is proceeding, and all reports concur that excellent returns, especially in hay, will be gathered. Close on 3 tone per acre appears to be about the general average." In Kyneton we have had more genial weather this last day or two, yet it is still unsettled. Hay harvesting, however, is proceeded with, and in too many instances the yield is very light. In fact, the cereal crops will generally be very deficient this season. The oat crop has withered off in a great many cases, and though the wheat has not suffered much from rust, it is only in exceptional instances that the crop can be called a good one. We should add that this will be a very bad year for fruit in this dis- trict. We may again draw attention to the great sale of imported Durham cows and bulls, of the very best strains of blood ; also daily cattle, Berkshire pigs, Cotswold sheep, and Rambouillet rams, to-day, at the Hon Wm Degraves' farm, Montpellier, about two miles from Kyneton. The lecture in support of the principles of Total Abstinence, by Mr Reid, of the Baptist church, will be delivered to-morrow evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, Kyneton, when it may be expected that the subject will be dealt with in an able and interesting manner. The proceeds will go towards the building fund of the new Temperance Hall. We hear daily complaints from nearly every part of the Kyneton district of the wretchedly bad cereal crops that may now be looked for this season. Even in such places as Baynton, where there is new land, we believe, there is scarcely an acre of oats worth keeping for grain, except those belonging to Mr Lowry, some 20 acres, which were self sown, on ground ploughed last year. Mr Gavel is cutting down some 40 acres of what was meant for oats, to make into hay, and also a 20 acre paddock of wheat not worth keeping. In fact, in most places there will not be over a quarter crop of oats, and about half an average crop of wheat. Crown lands as follows we notice will be offered for sale on Tuesday, 7th January, at Melbourne :—In the township of Gisborne, in Stephens, Hamilton, and Fisher streets, upset price £4 per acre—Lot 5 allotments 1 to 10, section 15, 5a. Several shareholders were summoned before the Taradale Police Court, last week, at the suit of the official agent in the winding up of the Hercyina, Enterprise, and Lone Star Companies, and verdicts given against the defendants. It is stated that the libel case against Mr George Patterson, late mayor of Daylesford, is not likely to be further proceeded with. The programme of His Royal Highness's country movements during the present week, embraces a visit to Castlemaine Sandhurst, and Ballarat. To- day his Royal Highness will proceed to Castlemaine (calling at Kyneton at 10.45 a m.), and remain at Castlemaine during the day and night. The following day (Wednesday) he will proceed to Sandhurst, and stay there until Thursday; and on Friday he will visit the Ballarat racecourse. 