WESTERN AUSTRALIA. (FROH THE rERTH INQUIRER, MARCH 27.) I! Information reached' the (iorernment this month's mail that the appointment comptroller-general has been conferred uj H. Wakeford, Esq., a gentleman well known in the colony. Mr.' Wakeford left Vancou ver's Island in January, via Panama, Sydney, and it is expected he will an here in April. The_chargc of the Comn sariat department is resigned by Demi Commissary-General Bovell to Deputy-Cc missary-General Hawkins, who lately arrii here from Tasmania. Assistant-Comn sary-General Sale leaves, for Melbourne the outgoing mail. An entertainment was given on the II hist, to the workmen employed at the Pe: Tannery, by the proprietor, Mr. Ranford; the occasion of ins receiving a prize mci for colonial leather at the late Intercolon Exhibition at Melbourne. A most singular fish, somewhat resembli a bull-shark in appearance, M-OS canght Mr. F. Bibra, of Bunbury. Instead of f teeth, its jaws were studded with round pebbles of hard bone, which apparen served as " grinders" for crushing shell- fii upon which Mr. Bibra is of opinion it si sists, a large quantity having been found its stomach. The most remarkable circu stance, however, connected with this s: gular fish was the fact of finding, on disse ing it, three dozen eggs, about the size hens' eggs. The whale-ships Swallow, Gazelle, Me muid, and Sea Queen have sailed from Bu bury for the cruizing ground. - A station is about to bo formed at Shar] Bay by Mr. F. Bibra, for the purpose organising a trade out of that hitlierto nt looted and important locality. The dugón in such abundance at the bay, is chiefly be marked for spoil. . ? Wo hear that a crop of hops grown at farm on the Swan lias proved a very pi liño one, the plants growing to the length twenty feet, and heavily loaded. The ovvnt Mr. Shcnvood, has already used a portion the crop in his brewery, and found it answer admirably. ' Mr. Anderson, a commercial gentlemn from Adelaide, has entered into negotiatioi with the owners of several mineral blocks land on the Irwin, with a view of forming company to thoroughly work and carry o 1 the same. | The dugong oil will doubtless before loi form an important and valuable item in 01 I exports, as it appears in largo numbers c our north-west coast. The following into esting description of the dugong is forvvavde by a correspondent:-" You well describe us 'herbivorous, cetaceous,' as it is evident one of the M'hale or grampus family, and feec on marine grasses, which it finds on ti bottom of shallow inlets and estuaries, thouu its favourite resort is the deep water, whei it may bo seen in herds of five, or six, gan boiling, like its cousin the porpoise, in mil day heat. It is from sixteen to eightee feet in length, with lluke and tail set tran verscly. like a M'hale's, and without fin except two powerful pectoral propellers ; i skin is smooth, and of a light-brown colou similar to the sperm whale ; it is a mamma and shows great affection for its calf. Th head is shaped somewhat like a seal's, excei that there is no neck, and it appears inci pable of vertióle movement ; the mouth i set'behind a snout, in shape like a pig's, fui nished M'itliM-iry feelers, and is only adapte for feeding on weeds ; the ' teeth are divide into two distinct sets- tho incisors with thei accompanying ivory tusks, and the grindei or molars, : and Milich aro set in a highe part of the jaws. I may, perhaps, conve my meioning by saying, the jawbones ar shaped like a slightly obtuse angle, the in cisors and tusks are in one leg, and th molars iii the other ; not continuous, lik most other animals, but completely separate and few in number. The llesh is surround« with a' rich blubber about two inches thick and is itself so interspersed with fat tim scarce any part need be left out of the try pot. The oil is of a very pale greenish colour exceedingly thin, not inclined to clog, burn, with a pure and brilliant finnie, almos devoid of smoke or smell, and the only smel itihas is not objectionable, being somethinj like that of milk. Indeed, this peculio;, milky odour struck me as very remarkable und I found that after boiling in severa wátey-s the flesh still retained it, and its tasti whs sweet an'd pleasant, except that it gavi the idea of what one might suppose a cow'i flesh would bo if killed during full lactation I estimated the yield from a full-sized du gong to be about half a hogshead of oil of th< purest kind, and equally valuable for ma chinery or for fighting purposes. " From Bunbury we learn that most of ou principal settlers are at work with tin vintage. At the annual meeting of the Westen Australian Turf Club it was decided thai the next race meeting should be held on the 19th and 20th of February, 1808. The licences of Crown lands granted foi pastoral, tillage, and mining purposes during the month of February amounted to 182,31Í acres, winch Tealizcd £28013s. At York an aboriginal native has been committed for trial at the Supreme Court, for tho murder of a nativo woman. i- A most destructive fire has occurred on the premises of Captain Fawcett, at Pinjarrah park. AU tho outhouses, barn, stables, and stores (in Milich 800 gallons of wino were housed), haystacks, and carriage, were entirely consumed ; in fact, wo believe everything except the dvvellinghouse, which must also have been demolished but for tho timely assistance of à largo party who were merry ninking at Mr. M'Larty's. Captain Fawcett estimates his loss at from £1,000 to £1,400. The fire was the act of an incendiary ; and a ticket-of- leave holder has been sentenced, upon clear evidence, to ten years' ponai ser- vitude for the offence. On Thursday, the 28th ultimo, a'destruc- tive fire occurred on the premises of .Captain Steers, on the Blackwood River, It appears that a bush-fire had been raging around tho homestead for some time previously, and some of the burning bush M'as blown to his stables, which, together with farming imple- ments, a valuable stack of hay, _c" were entirely consumed. Wo regret to hear that Captain Stecrs's losses aro estimated at more than £400. On Tuesday night, the 23th ultimo, a policeman named Moran, while on his beat in Murray-street, Perth, was most barbar- ously assaulted by a man named A'Hern, a tickèt-of-leavo holder. t At u late hour in tho night Moran M-ns missed by tho visiting officer from the beat to which ho had been told off ; and, after a long search, marks of blood and of a scuffle were observed. Mean- while ATIorn M-as interrogated in another part of the samo street by Constable Ken- nedy, M'ho narrowly escaped a deadly blow made by the prisoner M'ith u heavy paling, which M'as afterwards found stained with blooel. Kennedy secured him, and took him to the lock-up. Poor Moran was afterwards found about 200 yards from where he must have been assaulted, in a bush, quite insen- sible. Ile M'.IS carried to the hospital, where ho lay for a time in a very dangerous state ; but now he has recovered so far us to bo able to leave it. A'llern has since been fully committed for trial. On the afternoon of the 8th inst. there was considerable excitement in the Fremantle prison, in consequence of tho escapo of A. B. Johns, ctiitia Moondyne Joe. From tho pri- soner's previous career it was determined, when, some six months ago, ho was com- mitted for robbery, to mako lum doubly secure, Upon Johns' return to Fremantle prison he was placed in a cell lined with wood, from which ho was only removed oneo a day, M'hen ho took an hour's exorcise, ¿under charge of a warder, in a yard where there were no other convicts, and tho period for exercise was subsequently increased. The surgeon of the prison, however, reported that Johns' health was suffering, and that ho should be more in tho opon air; audit was therefore decided to employ him during .working hours. The arrangement mado wus usifollows ¡-After all the other convicts had gone to work, Johns was .brought out to a "corner of the prison yard, whore ho M-ould bo ?uncler tho immediate mid constant super- vision of a son try, as well as tho officer of the chain- gang employed within the walls, both of whom wore specially charged with his custody. Prison officers wore also directed to ¡visit lum nt freqiient intervals, and ho could not leavo certain limits for any pur- pose unless in custody of an officer. No other convict was allowed to approach within neiirly twenty yards of his station, even in passing through thor yard. Each morning the quantity of stono to bo brokon was to bolwhcoled to the placo where it como out, and the brokon metal removed after ho was taken in.' But instead of tho motal being_ so reniovotl, it was allowed to accumulate m a heap nearly four feet in height by about eight in length, and reaching riuito to tho wall ; while Johns was permitted to pilo up the largo stones for breaking on tho top of the heap, in tho form of tho back and sides of hn arm-chair, within which ho sat ; so that nn officer standing on the lovel ground could not seo below his waist. Under such cir- cumstances, it was easy for him to break through tho soft sandstone of tho wall and cover the aperiufe"with^arge stones.! Plant- ing a hammer-handle in an upright position, í with a piece of wire, of which ho had- ob- tained possession, bent 'over the top, to imitate the round of a man's shoulders, and tearing his shirt down the breast and front of the sleeves, he, as it wore, shelled himself' out of it, and transferred it to- the'tramo-« work, on the top of which' he at'the same' time fixed his hat. Ho thus succeeded in constructing a perfect dummy of himself, which at even a "few, yards, would.pass,in ? spection. The dummy completed, he slipped through the hole into the yard of the super- intendent's house, passed the doors of the kitchen and the passage from the house, leading to the kitchen, and went out at the door of the yard opening to the front of the prison. It would seem that he then got into the valley near the comptroller-general's house, and soon penetrated sufficiently far beyond the inhabited portion of the town as to be out of the reach of Iris prison guar- dians. Every available man that could be' of use was immediately sent, cither in pur- suit or to guard points whore Johns might be cut off-police, warders, pensioners, and even civilians, being employed in an exchange of duties, or in temporary posts, as the ense required. Up to the time of our going to press no intelligence had been received of the, prisoner's recapture. COMMERCIAL REPORT.-We have no altera- tion to report in the grain market. Wheat,, delivered in Penh, may be quoted at 5s. Od. per bushel ; barley, 5s. ; oats, 5s. ; flour, £14 per ton of 2,0001b. ; bread, -id. per 2 lb. loaf, Manna-gum is still in request, and large quantities have been brought into town and eagerly bought up by the merchants. Ale and porter are very scarce. Indeed the stocks oi the former in the hands of im- porters have long been exhausted ; and porter is only held in limited quantities. TLe whole of Dawson's and Jeffrey's consignments, to arrive per Strathmore, have been placed at £7 per lilid., as usual ; and orders aro now being received for ale to arrive per Ivy. As intimated last month, an advance ot 10s., per hltd. has taken place in both ale and porter ; which price is likely to lie moin toined throughout tho season. In bread stuffs there has been little beyond the usual amount of business done. Prices ruled from £13 to £14 10s. for superfine, and £12 to £13 for second quality. In addition to o bountiful harvest of our own, amply suf cient, it is believed, for the require- ments of the colony, there havo been, for this small community, large consignments sent round from Adelaide ; to say nothing of importations by speculators. Unless,' therefore, the market is relieved by exporta- tions of our own, the price' of Hour, if any undue pressure be exercised, will take a downward tendency. Believing it to have reached a price that may be maintained, however, holders are indisposed to throw a larger quantity on the market than can be readily absorbed ; considering it preferable to wait for its gradual absoiption, although the process may extend over some months, than to fell at a sacrifice. Sugars of the finer sorts are still plentiful; there is, however, some demand for ration sugar. There are, < also, heavy steeles of teas. In rico there is very little doing ; nor can any improvement be expected so long as flour is cheap. 