BUSH-FIRE NEAR HALLETT'S STATION. On Sunday afternoon a dastardly attempt to set fire to the grass round about this locality was made by some person or persons possessed of most malicious intentions, but most provi dentially their hopes and desires in this respect were frustrated, as will be seen by the subjoined evidence adduced at the inquest held by Mr. MacDermott and a Jury of 13, on Tuesday, the 12th inst., at the residence of Mr. R. .Hallett, at Hill Side. The first witness examined was "William Marshall, who was clerk of works of the Central Boad Board, and was camped in the neighborhood. On Sunday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, he was riding on the Booborowie-roady and saw s n oke, and rode to the north-east corner. of Cobb & Co.'s wheat paddock, and found it came from there. On his arrival found several men there "with- bags with which they had extinguished the fire. About ! half an acre of grass had been destroyed. Some of the long grass had been cut off, and he had not the slightest doubt but that the country had been set fire to maliciously and in tentionally. He had no suspicion of any per son, neither did he notice any person going away from the spot when he first saw the smoke, nor previously. When he got to the fire he noticed a piece of a spelling-book, partially burnt. The next witness, John Hawke, who is in charge of Cobb & Go.'s paddock, corroborated the statement "of the ; last witness, but" deposed that he noticed that a candle had been placed on a piece' of paper, the wick of; which,was on the paper, also some; of . the grease. A hole had been made in the earth, and the candle had been put"r iiitoit, with some green stuff to the windward Bide of it, so as to prevent its being blown out. James McEweh, a servant" employed by Mr. Hallett, deposed to first seeing the fire, and pro-, ceeded at once to the ,spot and put it out. ' This witness also bore out the/ evidence _ of the pre vious witness, Hawke, as tqthe candle and paper, &c.;, and stated that he searched the wheat pad dock of Cobb's, but could not discover any one. William Nottle, who stated that he was a mower, working for Messrs. Cobb & Co., de posed that on Sunday afternoon he went out to have a look at the cropl and perceived -a man., walking through the paddock, but did not take any particular notice' of him, as he thought he;, was on the same errand as himself. This was a short time previous to the fire occurring. He appeared to be dressed in dark clothes, but was too far away to see any particulars about his dress, and did not know what hat he 'wore. .He was then going towards the north-east end of the. paddock.. .. At this time the; fire had not occurred. Shortly after witness returned back to the house and saw smoke arisirig. Could not say whether the person he had seen was tall or short, as he was walking on one side of the paddock and witness on the'other. After seeing the fire thought it must have been the work of the man he had seen, as he had seen no other person near the spot, and did not again see him after the fire nor since. Michael Honan; a shepherd in the employ of Mr. Hallett, gave evidence as to seeing the hole in the ground so as to receive the candle, and was certain the fire was caused by its being lighted. Went with McBwen and endeavored to track; footprints which had been: seen, and did so for some distance. They,led towards the hills. This being all the evidence, the Jury returned the following verdict I— " That the grass was set fire to maliciously by some person or persons unknown." The greatest" vigilance has been used by Crown Lands Banger Coglin, who has been out recently day and night on the qui vive for persons' who infringe the regulations of the Bush Fires Act. - 