VIOTOLIA. LYnonoNo Chinamen is occasionally a popular pas time among Europeans when they can indulge them solves safely. Tawo instances have come under our notice this weekl, observes the Ballarat Star, one a harmless one enough, the other a cowardly and cruel one. The first took placo at MIr. Wynno's, in Lyon- street, where a skulkting rag and bottle gatherer had booeen detected thieving. The domestics and groom gave chase, and John was' duly stabled till Mr. Wynno returned home, when the potty lar coner was lot go with a slight dose of horsowhip ping. The other case happened on Thursday morn log, otiIount Pleasant, wtcre our reporter on0 is wny bock from the fire at Itltnor's fight Lead came acros a Chinese lying moaning and bloody in tohe pathway an ugly gasl on the left che a showaing that the Clinceso toad hlad a hoavy blow withl soooe weapon. 'IThe woundcd man's mate htad goone to the flre to fetch tihe police, and when thoy arrived tlhe assaulter, a man nllamecd Fronclo, was broughlt to the spot. 1Ie said fowls 1lad boeen stolen lately, and meeooting tlhe Clhinese in the path, heo began to accuse him of the theft. ,John called himo a bad name, Fronclh rushed to oo Ile of wood, got a bludgeon, oond inflicted the wound in lquestion. The mysterious death of a resident of the Wool shed—Mrs. Gillman—has been the subject of con versation, says the Ovens Constitution, in the neigh bourhood and at Beechworth, for the last two days. It seems that the deceased, whose husband is a miner, had been in the habit of sending a Chinaman living near her for bottled porter. (On Monday morning, when a friend of hers, also a married woman, called at her house, she sent out as usual. Very soon after the liquor had been drunk, both women fell into a very deep stupor. Fortunately the husband of one happened to know something about medicine, and immediately administered an emetic, which produced the desired effect, and his wife has now recovered. Mrs. Gillman, however, continued in the same deep stupor for a short time, and then died the next morning. Very strong suspicions are afloat as to the Chinaman having had designs on one of the women, and having drugged the porter with opium. On Tuesday afternoon an inquest was com- menced and adjourned. We understand that the stomach of the deceased is to he forwarded to the government analyst at Melbourne. Mrs. Gillman leaves a family of six children. A strange incident is the accompanying reported by thel Geolong Advertiser:--" A man who hald boon summoned on Thursday at the Nowtown and Chil well police-court did not appear. It was oxplainedl to tihe bench that the reason for this apparent con tempt arose from the fiet that the respondent ird beecn dead for four years. The wife of tle respon dent was then cited, heon a woman stopped forward and apprised the bench that the dead man's relict had boon buried eighteen months ago. Proof of servico of summons was not pierseovered in, and the next case was ordered to be called on." A perfect tempest of bush-fires, states the Wood's Point Leader of Wednesday last, has beoon raging in thie mountalins during thie last few days, espccially near iMantloclk. Nothing but fire and smolro has been visible on all handls, and from the appearacnce of the contry to thie southl-cast, Gipps Land appears to be getting it particularly hot. At MIatlocke the roaring of thie fires was the oily sound audible, and the township was in imminent danger of being burned down. Several hundred yards of the Allt Nations tramway were consumed, and the remainder had to be pulled up to escapo the same fate. The grateful thunrderstorm and rain which sot in on iMtonday afternoon will, it is to be hoped, chock tho ravages of this dangerous scourgo. 