LIVE FENCES.— No. 2. Last week we ran over the character istics of the principal plants usually em ployed in forming live fences in the colo nies, purposely omitting the Osage orange, as believing it to be of sufficient importance to deserve an article to itself. It has been stated that the fences in America have cost as much as the amount of the national debt of England, and that in some parts of the country the fences cost double the value of the land they enclosed. Both these assertions are in all likelihood true, for American farmers are ' tall' at fences. They know the value of them, and at times put up very expensive boundaries. Perhaps in Ame rica the farmers rather overdo it, for when the cattle or sheep are stall-fed or foddered for many months in the year, there is not that great need for protection in the shape of hedges or fences. The American fanner is so fond of fencing that upon some farms where the cattle are always soiled and never allowed to roam, he still insists upon dividing his land into small paddocks and planting fences round them. We do not recom mend such extravagance. Nor do we see the utility of such very small paddocks, especially grain paddocks. Grass may aud ought to be divided, for a hundred acres of grass, divided into four paddocks of 25 acres each, will cany nearly, if not quite, twice as many head of cattle as it would with no subdivisions. The cattle require more shelter than the corn in Victoria, under the present system of culture, when the grass lands are kept for grazing only, with no prospect of intru sion on the part of the plough. We will, therefore, at once introduce the plant which, according to report and past experience, has proved itself most effec tive as a fence plant, not only in America, but also in a few individual cases in Vic toria — the Osage orange. It appears this plant is indigenous to that part of America watered by the Osage River, inliabited by the Osage Indians, and the small fruit bears some little resemblance to our common orange. In a practical . treatise issued by Messrs. Law, Somner, & Co. last year, upon this plant, very plain guidance is given to those who desire to raise the plant from seed, and the most efficacious plan seems ti- be as follows : — ' In August immerse the seed in tepid water for two days, after which mix the seed in about four times ita bulk in sand, or wood ashes moistened, but not too wet. Spread this mixture on some sacking three or four inches thick, covered so as to exclude the light and protect it from extreme cold ; turn it over at least once in the 24 hours to prevent fermentation, and keep the whole equally moist ; prevent the mixture from becom ing too dry, and only keep up a moderate moisture. If made too wet the seed will rot. The germ will easily be observed when it is put forth, and the seed may now be sown in a properly prepared bed, or on the line where the fence is to be. The young plants will appear in about tliree weeks after this, and then will re quire weeding. The seeds ought to be sown in drills, and a few long scarlet radish are recommended to be sown in the rows, the radishes being quick growers will soon indicate the position of the rows, and permit the process of weeding to be carried on much earlier, and without danger to the young plants in the drills. The radishes may be used as soon as they have effected the purpose for which they were sown.' The Osage orange nearly always sends down a large tap root, and in transplanting, especially upon heavy soils, it is found better to shorten this tap root ; the better way to do this is while taking up the plants in the rows to put the spade (which ought to be very sharp) down obliquely, and sever the tap root about six inches beneath the surface ; this will induce a more fibrous growth of roots ; but in light sandy and our ordi nary soils this root-pruning is unneces sary. The line of ground to be occupied by an Osage orange fence must be well trenched and carefully prepared, and if the bottom be wet, draining will be neces sary ; a double line of plants is better than a single one, as in a thorn fence, and if the roots are cut the tops or heads of the plants may be cut down, as we ad vised with the 'quicks,' to within two inches of the crown. Should a double line be detennined upon, each line should have its plants so put in that their crown should have a sloping direction inwards. Keep the young rows free from weeds, and dig up both sides of the fence where possible every year until they become in dependent of your attention excepting as regards pruning. As with other fences^ pruning this plant demands particular at tention. At the first outset it lias a rapid growth, and severe pruning, if carefully performed, is insisted on for the first year or two, that the lower laterals may be en couraged and the bottom of the fence made firm and dense. This plant will soon throw out some most formidable prickles, and its vertical and deeply penetrating roots enables it to stand the severest drought. It has a wonderful tenacity of life ; so much so, that the shears or hook may be applied for pruning during any season of the year. Another point in its favor is, that the leaves are unpalatable to the cattle in consequence of the presence of a strong aromatic juice. Unlike those hedge plants usually em ployed in this colony, and which spread their roots over a large area of land on both sides, to the great detriment of the ant) and iimonvfinience to the owner, the Osage sends its roots prependicularly down, and draws its subsistence from a great depth. This peculiarity fully ex plains its ability to withstand the effects of our withering hot winds. Planting may be commenced with our first rains in April, and may be continued until September, but not later. Plants of a year old will rarely be over six inches high, but these plants, if allowed to grow unchecked, would make a shoot of five or six feet the second season. The efficiency of the fence depends almost entirely upon the management this first year. At no stage is more care required than at this. Any neglect or mismanagement at the start will be manifest throughout after years. The pamphlet we have re ferred to advises the pruning the second year, or one year from the transplanting, to be witliin three inches of the ground. The shoots grown after the first cutting, made at period of transplanting, will now number three or four. A second cutting may take place in the December following. During these processes, the weeds should be kept down. If these prunings be care fully performed, and not too great an xiety dinplayed towards preserving long shoots each time, the fence ought, at the end of fourth year, be a most formidable one, and will weli repay all the trouble bestowed upon it. Although some Ame rican growers boast that they can make impervious to even a rabbit or rat, it will be quite satisfactory to our farmers, we presume, if sheep, pigs, and poultry can be kept in their proper places. Perma nence in a fence is one of the most desirable points to obtain, and this quality the Osage orange possesses to an eminent degree. And it will also not only withstand our hot winds, but a bush fire is not so destructive to it as to the evergreen acacia or others possessing essential oils in their composition. A correspondent writes in 1862 from Mooroobark, ' that a bush- fire at Christ mas spread and ignited the dry grass in liis Osage orange fence, and burned the leaves of several plants, which he expected to find destroyed, but that they soon after put forth fresh foliasre, and were growing as vigorously as ever, not evin cing any ill-effects from the accident. The value of the plant for fences is con siderably enhanced by this proof of its po\ver to resist the effect of bush fires.' We have seen no evidence of disease in the plant in Victoria, although in America, we understand, that an old fence is sometimes subject to a species of blight ; but we won't anticipate evil ; it is time enough to combat this visitation when it appears. As a proof of what may be done with a fence wliich from misfortune or early bad management has become open to trespass at bottom, a grower with a bill-hook cut each plant half through at the ground, and in one season it became, as he termed it, pig-tight, bull-strong, and horse high ; ' the plants sprouted all round the crown and along the stem, thus making it perfectly close and defiant to almost every living animal. The cost per thousand of year-old plants will be this season about 20s. , with a reduction, we presume, for a quantity. A mile will require, if only a single row be planted, about eight thousand, in a double row the plants may be a trifle farther apart, and we think that fourteen thousand will be ample. No one can grudge twelve or fourteen pounds for the material of a mile of good, beautiful, and durable fencing. For cheapness and economy the advantages for, say twenty years, are at least four to one in favor of the Osage orange as a fence in comparison with post-and-rails. We notice that the plants of this season's growth are already advertised. — A iistralasian. 