SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 0, 1867. ' In the Legislativo Council yesterday, tho President took the chair at twenty-five minutes after four o'clock. Tho PRESIDENT stated that a communica- tion had hoon received from the private secretary of Ilis Excellency the Governor, stating that the address to Her Majesty tho Queen adopted by the Council would bo forwarded by tho next mail. Tho PRESIDENT also stated that His Excel- lency would , visit the House at five o'clock, for the purpose of proroguing Parliament. Mr. COLE laid on the table correspondence between His Excellency tho Governor and tho'Chief Secretary, relative to the present j political position. Mr. CAMPBELL felt disappointed at the step which His Excellency had taken. He (Mr. j Campbell) had always been moderato in his views, and ho had hoped that, after tho adop- tion of the address to Her Majesty tho Queen, Parliament would have been prorogued, with j the view of Bending up tho Appropriation Bill I in such a form as would have insured its passing. Had this been done, and a favour I able reply obtained from Hor Majesty, that, House would have been bound to assent to some compensation to Sir Charles Darling. After the lapso of a few minutes, His | Excellency the Governor, attended by his suite, entered the Chamber, and the Speaker and members of the Legislativo Assembly having been summoned and appeared at tho bar, and tho Royal assent having been given to tho Scab Prevention Act Continuation Bill, Parliament was prorogued until tho20th inst. j In the Legislative Assembly yesterday,'the Speaker! took the chair at half- past four o'clock. 1 .i i . . ' The SPEAKER announced that he hod re- ceived a message from His Excellency's private secretary, stating that His Excellency would attend tho Legislativo Council at > five o'clock, to give his assent to certain, bills, and to prorogue Parliament. Mr. M'C'JLLOOH thon read the minute which bo. had addressed to His Excellency 'the Governor on the political position, together, with His Excellency's reply, and another minute from tho Chief Secretary pn the de- spatch of nis Excollcncy. These documents ?will be found at length in our Parliamentary >report. i '"' Mr. MAoMAHONsaid the Chief Secretary had read a long homily to tho House on constitu- tional law, whether indicted by HisExcollbncy or his advisers ho knew not. HisExcelloncy, however, had nover alluded to the fact that ho had not called upon his advisers to introduce an I appropriation act without tho obnoxious item which had caused all the confusion. It might as well bo understood that if the .Government had brought in an appropria- tion bill without the Darling grant being included in it, it would have beon passed by tho House. Ho was in a posi- tion to say that there were a sufficient num- ber of memhers in the Assembly who would have voted for such an appropriation bill whether brought in by the prcsout Ministry or any other-to havo onsured its passing. Ho believed the Government know this, and it | was because they waro afraid of such an issue j that they had advised His Excellency to tho contrary effect. The late Secretary for tho I Colonies, Mr. Cardwell, had specially in- structed His Excellency to seo that the law should not be broken in any future crisis which might arise. The hon. member pro- ceeded to quote from Mr. Cardwell's de- spatches relativo to the borrowing money from the London Chartered Bank, to prove that the course now proposed to bo taken, in con- fessing judgments, was altogothor illegal. He also referred to Dwyor's case, with the view of showing the danger of allowing money to bo obtained from tho Crown in this manner. In reply to Mr. Duffy, Mr. M'CULLOCH said he was not iu a position to state when the'dissolution would take place. Mr. BUNNY wished to know whether tho Ministry were piepared to voto £20,000 to tho present Governor in the event of his recall ? Ho denied that tho present law advisers of the Crown had offered His Excellency consti- tutional advico ; and he supposed they had promised His Excellency that if ho stuck to thom tliey would see him through and stick to him. A' message was at this juncture received from His Excellency the Governor, stating that he required the attendance of lion, mem- bers in the Council- chamber. The SPBAKEH, accompanied by a number of members, at onco proceeded to tho Council chamber ; and on his return he announced that His Excellency had been pleased to pro- rogue Parliament until the 2Cth inst. Wilful men will have their way. The GOVERNOR has now definitely chosen his part. He has omitted to avail himself of the opportunity that was within his reach. Ile has rejected tho mode by which the difficulty might have been terminated, and chosen that by which it cannot. He has resolved to carry on the public service without an Appropria- tion Act, by means of judgments ob- tained on undefended petitions. Ac- cordingly, Parliament has been prorogued with studied care, to avoid all incon- venient discussion ; and in place of a debate we aro favoured with that curious dissertation, the concoction of which seems now to have been tho cause of the mysterious delay during the last three' days. Captain MACMAHON, who, wo may obseiTe, deserves much credit for his bold and indignant protest, against these pro- ceedings, expressed some doubt whether the minute which the Chief Secretary read, or, as he somewhat irreverently though perhaps not incorrectly termed it, the homily, should be regarded as the work of the GOVERNOR or of his advisers. But there is no room for such doubt. That feeble collection of inappropriate truisms bears no trace of the firm and daring hand that holds the Ministerialpen. But the style of the document, and the source of its inspira- tion, whether ecclesiastical or secular, is of little moment. We must deal with the grave practical questions to which it gives rise. We pass by the elegant compliment to his Ministers which the GOVERNOR is careful to repeat. He and they may settle that between them. But he alleges that "a very anxious and careful ' " consideration of all the materials " within his reach " has led him to be- lieve that " a change of Ministry would " not produce, or even tend to produce, " the desired effect." He has therefore confined his endeavours to restore united action in the Legislature "within the " limits prescribed by neutrality on the " points at issue between the two " Houses, and by the constitutional " right of an existing Government to " the fair support of the GOVERNOR." The failure of these endeavours, and the respective positions of the adverse majority in the two Houses, preclude, we are told, the GOVERNOR from ques- tioning the correctness of his ad- visers' opinion, that a prolongation of the session was useless. We are not of course aware of the materials for a conclusion which were within His EXCELLENCY'S reach. If we judge by the results they must have been very scanty. Some very obvious matters seem to havo quite escaped his notice. Mr. FELLOWS protested in a formal minute against the supposition that ho, or those with whom he acted, had any opportunity of dealing with the question. Mr. DUFFY stated in Parliament that it was the opinion of many experienced members of the Assembly that the matter might have been readily settled. Mr. IRELAND, also in Ma place in Parlia- ment, pointed out a specific form of com- promise, which at least deserved a trial ; and last night Captain MACMAHON ex- pressly stated as the result of his in- quiries, that there were a sufficient number of members in the Assembly prepared to vote for an Appropriation Bill without the Darling vote as would secure its being carried, and this, too, although the bill were not brought in by tho present Government. But the GOVERNOR says his " endea " vours to restore united action " were failures. lie never could have expected that they'would have been anything else. Lot uscall to mind what thosoendeavoura were. The GOVERNOR asked for Mr. FEL- LOWS' advice on terras which caused that gentleman to remain' sÛent. He consulted confidentially Mr. FRASER, who has hope in the Duke of EDIN- BURGH. He recalled Mr. M'CULLOOH. He agreed to send the Appropriation Bill a second time to the Council, well knowing that in the form in which it was presented it would be rejected. He sent a message to request the concurrence of the Council, after they had expressed their resolution not'to concur. HehassGW exchanged minutes, with. Mr. M'CUL LOUH, lias given bim a dissolution, and Ink assented to Ms method of obtaining money. These aro exactly all tho things that the GOVERNOR did, and ho is sur- prised at their failure. If indeed his sur- prise is real, we need not wonder that he expects an escape from his difficulty by a .dissolution. There ia a mysterious hint in Mr. M'CDXLOCH'S minute at something that is to come if the result of I the dissolution is not satisfactory. We need not be terrified at the threat. Except the giiillotine,there can be nothing more than there is now. The GOVERNOR has deliberately set Parliament aside. If ' the results of the new House are not suck as ho and his Ministers approve, ho has only again to prorogue, and fall back upon the judgments. He need not take any positive step, and as yet ho evidently shrinks from doing so. All that is needed is to make no defence. If 'Parliament does not like his Esti- mates, he can now save the members from further trouble. He can make his contracts for his unappreciated pro- posals, and pay the contractors by the help of the Supremo Court. If Parlia- ment should pass a vote of want of confidence, he can afford to say that he is very well satisfied with his present Ministers. For some time, perhaps, and as a concession to vulgar prejudice, tho two Houses may be annually con- vened ; but their decisions, unless they' happen to agiee with the wishes of the Government, will, as Mr. MACPHERSON was told, have no weight. This form, like that of an Appropriation Act, will soon bo discontinued, and we shall then enjoy without any restraint all the benefits of a benevolent despotism. So far as those guarantees which the law piovides are concerned, such is our condition now. We have absolutely no security, except that of Sir HENRY MANNERS SUTTON'S firmness and good sense, and Mr. HIGINBOTIIAM'S modera- tion, that the government shall not be permanently carried on without any Parliamentary control. Such a form of government may, for aught we know, bo most excellent, but it is something very different from that in which we have all been brought iip, and which the GOVERNOR was commissioned to administer. It is strange how incapable the GO- VERNOR appears of appreciating the duties of his position. He regards tho displacement of Ministers, supported by a majority of the Assembly, as an "exceptional exercise of prerogative," justifiable alone by success. Wo wonder what he calls the total suspension of Parliamentary fonctions to which he has just consented, and what ho regards as its justification. But no human being except the GOVERNOR himself ever thought of his dismissing his advisers in the way in which Ministers were long ago dismissed. There was no necessity for his assuming any hostile attitude -towards them. All that he 'had to do was to obey the law, and refuse any advice that was against law. If he had refused to join in the coercion of the Con neil, if he had refused to be a party to the substitution of collusive judgments for an Appropriation Act, he would have done all that was required of him. The rest would have followed of course. The Ministers must either have altered their proceedings or have re- signed. But what a mockery of Parlia- mentary government it is to speak with horror of the displacement of a Ministry, and to take a icady part in the dis- placement of the whole constitutional system. Again, the GOVERNOR thinks that the Government should not offer facilities to plaintiffs for obtaining judg- ments. We should like to know what he thinks of the printed forms of peti- tions and certificates. He also re- cognises, as he says, the fact that in actions against tho Crown the first ques- tions to be considered " are the equity " and liability of the claim, and that " if ¡these questions be decided in the " affirmative, and if no defence valid " in law could be pleaded on the part " of | the Crown," the Government j ought not to offer unnecessary resist- I ance. The only objection to this pro- position is, that it has nothing to do withj the present case. The whole j point at issue is, that the Government I are riot liable in these actions, and have a defence valid in law, which, if they liked, they might plead, but which they do not luce to plead. That defence is the fact that Parliament has omitted to pro- vide the necessary funds. That this is a defence has been lately decided in England by the Queen's Bench, in the case of Churchward v. The Queen, and every one of the judges in that case in- sisted upon the necessity of supporting Parliamentary control. The GOVERNOR then says that the proper remedy against the abuse of these judgments is, not his "refusal to bow to the decision of a " court of law," by withholding his signature from the warrants, but legislation. But our objection is, that ; he bows to something that is not the real decision of a court of law, but a | mere fraudulent counterfeit, if | the Supremo Court decides that these contracts, or any of them, in the circumstances, can be made the subject of an action, we shall have no moro to say. "We may regret the state of the law but we shall not blame the GO- VERNOR. Nothing is easier for the GOVERNOR than to set the matter at rest. Let him cause defence to be taken in one of these cases, and let the matter be fairly argued. Until we know that the law really bears the meaning which Mr. HiGiNBOTiiAii attributes to it, it is too soon to think of altering it. Some curious aspects of social life are presented to the public in the case of Macoboy v. Madden and Others, upon which his Honour Judge MOLESWORTH has recently pronounced judgment. The case arose out of a dispute relative to the alleged disposition of the property of the late Mr. JAMES MACOBOY, the well- known solicitor of Melbourne. This gentleman died suddenly, and at the time of his death was possessed of con- siderable property, which has been variously stated at from £20,000 to £40,000. He was unmarried, but had had children by two women with whom he had lived, with one of whom he was cohabiting at the time of his death, and had intended and made arrange- ments to marry. The only will left by him was one made in 1857, by which he bequeathed the great bulk of his pro- perty to his brother, MICHAEL F. MACOBOY, judge of the County Court at Maryborough. In the action above referred to, Mr. M. F. MACOBOY came into court to prove this will, but was met by other relatives of the deceased, who asserted that the will of 1857 had been revoked by another made in 1866, which itself had afterwards been revoked by destruction, and that therefore Mr. JAMES MACOBOY had died intestate. The evidence as to the exist- ence and nature of this second will was of a most singular character, although there is little ground to doubt its ac- curacy in all its more important bear- ings. Some time prior to October 20, 1866, Mr. JAMES MACOBOY executed this will in the presence of his two clerks, TURNER and THOMAS, and on the 30th of April following, TURNER, on going into his employer's room, noticed some pieces of torn paper lying about, on which he observed his own name. This seems to have excited his curiosity, and as soon as his employer left, he entered the room, collected the fragments of paper which he had previously seen, took them home, and in the evening, in the presence of his wife, pasted the pieces together, and reproduced, almost in its entirety, the will which he and his fellow clerk THOMAS had, previously witnessed. Principally on the evi- dence of this witness, the judge before whom the case was tried decided that a second will had been made, and that the first was thereby revoked. The plaintiff, Mr. M. F. MACOBOY, consi- ders himself aggrieved by this judgment, and, as we learn, intends to appeal against it to the full Court. Did the existence of the second will rest solely on the evidence of the witness TURNER, grave doubts might arise as to how far such testimony should be deemed sufficient to invalidate an existing and duly-attested document, for some of the statements made by this witness are not in accordance with others, and it is found impossible to obtain the evidence of his wife, who should be able to corroborate the depositions made by him relative to the contents of the later will, since the fragments of the docu- ment were joined together and after- wards read in her presence. But Mrs. TURNER kept out of the way, and it was said that she had such a horror of being examined as a witness that her life or intellect would be in danger if she attempted it. TURNER'S evidence is, however, corroborated in the im- portant particular of the existence of a second will—and the present case goes no further—by THOMAS, who also wit- nessed its execution. THOMAS further states that the deceased told him that it was his intention to appoint the curator of intestate estates his exe- cutor, and TURNER states that that functionary was so appointed in the will the pieces of which he pasted together. The principal legatee, Mr. M. F. MACOBOY, the plaintiff in the late action, was appointed ex- ecutor under the former will ; but the reason for the change is obvious, since the property was taken from him by the second will, and for the most part was devised to a lady with whom the deceased was living at the time of his death and to his illegiti- mate children by her. There is other corroborative evidence that it was the intention of the late Mr. MACOBOY thus to dispose of his property, for the draft of another will was found amongst his papers, in which this in- tention was carried into effect ; and, anticipating a marriage, he had also drawn out a settlement, which it is alleged showed a similar purpose. The draft of this settlement was forwarded to Mr. M. F. MACOBOY for his opinion as to its legality, and he has since de- clined to produce it, although requested to do so by Mrs. HAINES, the lady re- ferred to. This singular case stands at present in the following position :—Mr. M. F. MACOBOY has been unsuccessful in proving the will of 1857, objections having been offered by the other next of kin—his sisters, or their descendants. Mrs. HAINES also wished to lodge a caveat, but was not allowed to do so, her appli- cation having been made too late. The relatives of the deceased, however, who opposed the claims of Mr. M. F. MACOBOY, have, up to the present time, been fighting her battle, and, if the Court above confirms the decision of the Court below, the late plaintiff and defendants will join in opposing the claim of Mrs. HAINES, who will seek to prove the will witnessed by TURNER and THOMAS, and as to the contents of which the former has already given evidence. Should this attempt prove unsuccessful, Mr. JAMES MACOBOY will be taken to have died intestate, the whole of the property will be equally divided amongst the next of kin, and the lady whom he was about to marry, with whom for many years he had lived as her husband, and all his illegitimate children, will be left wholly unprovided for. The case altogether is perhaps the most extraordinary, and presents more singular complications, than any that has ever before occurred in the colony. There is no reason to cavil at the deci- sion of his Honour Mr. Justice MOLES- WORTH, since no doubt can exist of the execution of a second will ; and there is also a large mass of evidence to show that the intentions of the de- ceased had entirely changed since the date of the first will in 1857. As the case now stands, it promises a rich har- vest to the bar, and it should act as a caution to all those who may be situated similarly to the late Mr. MACOBOY to be very careful that after their decease no doubt shall arise re- lative to the disposition of their pro- perty, and no detriment occur to the interests of those whom, during their lives, they have perhaps unintentionally injured. When the city manure depot--a long- standing and most grievous nuisance - was abolished, some twelve months since, fears were entertained lest the new system then introduced should prove still more injurious to the public health, and still more offensive to the public senses, than that which it super- seded. Indeed many asserted, before the new mode of dealing with the filth of the city had been fairly tested, that the change had proved for the worse rather than for the better, and that they (chiefly daily travellers by the Sydney road) were being poisoned as they went about their lawful occupations, by foul smells wafted across their path, from the scene of the corporation's operations. Recognising the justice of such com- plaints, if well founded, we inquired into the matter, but found that there was really very little grounds for them. Generally no disagreeable smells assailed travellers in passing the Prince's-park. It was only during an east wind that anything of the kind was experienced, and the passer-by was subjected to it for no more than a few seconds at a time. Neither was it bad of its kind - not so bad as has to be encountered in passing' some butchers' shops in the most crowded thoroughfares of the city. The inconvenience was nothing of which îeasonable complaint could be made, in view of the fact that the system for which the new one had been substituted had proved the means of poisoning the atmosphere of a densely-populated dis- trict, and that both the old method and the new were experimental attempts to solve a most difficult problem in city management, for which a perfectly satisfactory solution had never yet been found in any part of the world. We said something like this at the time, and no further complaints were heard. The deposition of nightsoil in the park was continued, and now that we have a year's experience of the system, it is important to ascertain how it has worked. On this subject, we have made in- quiry, and find that the expectations under which the new system was ini- tiated have been fully realised. Hotham has been cleansed, and no other centre of population has been polluted in its stead, so that the main object of the alteration has been attained. But something more has been accomplished. Incontestable proof has been obtained of the value of nightsoil as a manurial agent, and of the practicability of fertilising by its means the worth- less lands that surround the city. The Prince's-park land is of very poor quality - a light sandy loam, incapable of retaining moisture, and carrying, in its normal state, a very thin and patchy crop of grass. A portion of its area is still in the natural condition, and be- tween it and the portion that has been trenched, manured, and sown down in grass seeds, the contrast is certainly re- markable. The latter, now that the new grasses have attained their full growth, and are bursting into flower, presents a beautiful appearance, plea- santly suggestive of overflowing milk- pails and the richest of butter. Its sur- face stirred by a breeze of wind, is like an undulating sea of herbage, and the comfortable-looking cows that wade about in it knee deep, and full of suc- culent rye-grass and clover, must, we think, excite envious emotions in the breasts of all over-worked or over tra- velled cattle that have occasion to pass by along the dusty highway. It has thus been thoroughly ascertained by the experiment of the past year, that the filth of the town can not only be got rid of in a convenient and harmless manner, but that by its means the bare and arid park lands in the vicinity of the city can be immensely beautified and enriched. Even if no further improvement should be effected in this department of city management for years to come, things will never again be so bad as they were while the depot system was in vogue, and there are public lands enough near the city to receive its filth de- posits for several years, and put them to profitable use. Of course the new system is attended with greater expense than the old - that is, greater direct ex- pense, for in the end it must prove by far the more economical arrangement. Pro- bably the profit accruing from the rich new pastures that will be formed, will go far to cover the extra expenditure of the new system; but the increased healthfulness of the city will in itself be an ample return for the outlay. There are other towns in the colony by which the experiment which has resulted so satisfactorily to the Corporation of Melbourne, might also be tried. The operation is of the simplest possible kind. A suitable piece of spare ground having been found, it is only necessary to dig a trench from end to end of it, about eighteen inches deep and four or five feet wide, into which each day's accumulations should be emptied (of course during the night), and covered carefully over with the soil removed from the next day's trench. We commend the matter to the consideration of borough councils. The introduction of the simple and inex- pensive system described has unques- tionably proved a great boon to this city - a reform which, though humble and unpretending in its character, has been attended with really valuable results. We have said that even if no further improvement were to be effected for years to come, our present mode of dealing with the night-soil of the city is a great improvement on that which it replaced. But there is no reason why improvement should stop at the stage now reached. What has been so well done should rather act as an incentive to further exertion. The night-cart nuisance still remains, and the annoy- ance of it is perhaps felt all the more now that the manure depot has been abolished. And the cart retains all itf\s old offensiveness. Neither itself, nor its load, nor its driver has been de- odorised in the very slightest degree, and sanatory reformers must begin to consider whether something could not be done in regard to them. Even earth, from which so much was expected a year since, seems to have fallen into dis- favour. It is no longer heard of as a deodoriser, and the committee of one of our principal charitable institutions, having occasion lately to investigate the subject, came to the conclusion, after careful inquiry, that the earth closet was a failure. We are convinced, however, that pulverised dry earth would prove useful in lessening the offensiveness of night-soil during its removal, and that by its means, and by means of much, more frequent removals, the still existing nuisance would be very much lessened. More perfect and more scientific plans will no doubt be discovered and applied in the course of time, for much, atten- tion is now being devoted to the cleans- ing of cities both in Great Britain and on the Continent of Europe ; but im- provement in this direction proceeds at a very leisurely pace, and while holding ourselves always ready to adopt any radical reforms which, scientific investi- gation may be able to introduce, we should in the meantime supplement the excellent local reform which we effected for ourselves a year ago, by compelling the removal of the night-soil from the city in some less offensive manner than at present. If the carts were thoroughly washed every day, as they easily could be by means of Yan Yean hose pipes, their unpleasantness would be consider- ably mitigated, and that slight reform the City Council could have no difficulty in enforcing. We hope that past success will incite to fresh exertion, and that before the summer has fairly set in, the night-cart nuisance will be, if not abated, at all events greatly reduced. Ilia Excellency the Governor has accepted the advice of the Ministry, has prorogued Par- liament, and will shortly dissolve the Assem- bly, and in the meantime the financial re- quirements of the country are to be met by confessing judgments. Such, in brief, was tho substance of His Excollency's minuto communicated lost evening to Parlia- ment. On the meeting of the Assembly yesterday, the Speaker stated that he had received official intimation of the intention of His Excellency to prorogue Parliament at five o'clock that day ; and Mr. M'Culloch then read the correspondence which had passed between him and the Govornor on tho snbject of the rejection of tho Appropriation Bill and tho Supply Bill by the Upper House. In it His Excellency repeats the views ex- pressed in a former memorandum ; and whilst admitting that substituting execution for Parliamentary control over the finances of the country ii an unconstitutional pio ceeding, yet states that in these cases, where judgm'ent is confessed, and thero is no doubt of the legality of the claim, he does not think ho would bo justified in ícfusing to sign the- warrant for payment. After the de- spatches had been read, Mr. MacMahon took exception to the statements contained in them, and asserted that had the present or any other Ministry submitted an appio priation bill without the Darling grant being included in the measure thero was a sufficient number' of mombcis of tho Assembly who would have voted for it to have ensured its passing, and, as a conse- quence, the present difficulty would have been avoided. Mr. Bunny was proceeding to ad- dress himself to the subject when the House was summoned to the Council-chamber, and before its return tho session had terminated. Yesterday's sitting of the Legislativo Council was a short one. Mr. Colo produced the correspondence between His Excellency and the Government, and it was ordered to he printed, Mr. Fawkner and Mi. Camp- bell making some few remarks deprecatory of it contents. ' nis Excellency the Governor was then announced ; and the Speaker and members of the Legislativo Assembly having been sent for, tho Royal assent was given to a bill continuing the Scab Act, and Parliament was then prorogued till the 2Gth instant. To-day, being the anniversary of the birth- day of H.R.H. the Princo of Wales, will be observed as a closo holiday in the Customs department. Tho Telegraph- office will be opened for the transaction of business from half-past eight a.m. to half-post ten a.m., and between the hours of fivo and seven in the evening. Tho banks will bo closed", and business will bo all but suspended. The steamship Rangatira, Captain Grainger, which arrived last night from Sydney, brought on the Panama mail conveyed to that port by the ocean steamship Rakaia. We have a portion of our files by this opportunity, but they contain little or nothing additional to the news telegraphed a few days ago. The Hcad-quaitcrs Band will play this afternoon, from four to six o'clock, in the Fitzroy-gardens. The following is tho pro- gramme :-1. March, "Turnor," Hamm; 2. Quadrille, " Musen," Strauss ; 3. Selection from "Traviata," Verdi ; 4, Overture, "Wil- liam Tell, " Rossini ; 5. Waltz, " Die Werber," Launer; 0. Selection from "Martha," Flotow; 7\. Galop, "Rosalion," Kühner. The spotting spirit seems at this moment to be more active in Melbourne than it has been for some months past. There was a lal gc amount of speculation dono yesterday at the Bazaar, and at the Room, ancnt tho PoitPhillip Stakes and thoLaunceston Cham- pion Cup. A well-knovra sporting gentleman betted a monkey oven on Fishhook and Sydney Tim for tho latter ovont, and divers smaller bets were laid following suit. Double event hooks aro ripe on the two events, at about the following odds :-100 to 14 ngst. Fishhook and Tim ; 100 to 10 agst. Barb and Tim; 100 to C agst. Barb and Barb ; 100 to 5 against Barb and Sour Grapes. For the Port Phillip Stakes CO to 40 was offered on the field ; there were offers to tako 200 to 100 about Fishhook, no layers ; but that price (200 to 100) was taken about the Barb. Wo have received several lotters from cor lespondents kwho arc afraid that the Mel- bourne Cricket Club are actually taking steps to carry ' out their intention of erecting a soven-foot fence round their ground. We arc happy to be able to dispel the fears of our correspondents. Immediately on receiving information that works wore in progress wo instituted inquiries into the matter, when wo found that tho alterations being made wero perfectly' reasonable and harmless. Tho high fence at the hack of the pavilion has Won carried to the full extent of the ladies' reserve on the one side and tho bowling-green on the other, a proceeding to which no reasonable objection can bo alleged ; while the picket fenco round tho rest of tho ground has merely been strengthened and slightly heightened, but not in a way that will offer tho slightest obstruction to the Tiew from the hill. Tho public may rest assured that no interference with their privileges is contemplated, tho club having received a warning which it is not likely to disregard in a hurry. From Mr. Aicher's abstract of the number of births and deaths in Melbourne and the subuiba for the week ending tho 2nd instant we observo that tho births numbered 133, and the deaths 59. The rotura, howovor, does not includo tho district of Boroondara, from which thero was.no report.' In North Mel- bourne thero'were 36 births and 12 deaths ; in South Melboumo tho numbers woro 10 and l8 respectively, and in Collingwood 23 and 7. In Prahran thero were two births and no death, and in Footscray thoro was no inci- dent of the nature which comes under the observation of the registrar. The usual quarterly summary of tho gold mining statistics of tho_ colony has "been issued by' tho Secretary for Mines. The pe- riod to which it brings down information is tho 30tli of September. Wo observo that at date tho number of miners in the colony was 06,243, of whom thoro woro 34,107 Europeans, and 18,007 Chinese engaged in alluvial workings, and 14,044 Europeans and 25 celestials employed in quartz-mining. On tho alluvial mines there were 471 engines, of 0,917-horsc power, at work ; and tin quartz* mining 642 engines, of 9,330-horse power. The approximate value of the mining plant waa £2,047,570 ; the number of squarojiniles mined upon was 818 ; and the number of quartz reefs reported to bo auriferous 2,421. Ballarat emplojs by far tho largest number of miners (13,871), Castlemaine comes next, Sandhurst follows closely, and then in order come Maryborough, Beeckwortki Ararat, and Gipps ¿and. In the Southern division of Ballarat there were eight and in Dunolly seventeen Chinese quartz miners, and these were the only two localities in which the celestials have attempted to mino the rock. Tho greater number (5CG) of the quartz reefs reported were in Maryborough district, and ' the next (449) in Sandhurst. In Beechworth there aro 444 ; in Gipps Land, 414 j in Castle- maine, 3GG ; in Ballarat, 133 ; and in Ararat, 49\. We observe that during the quarter the United Extended Band of Hope Company paid £72,000 in dividends, and the Sir Wil- liam Don £1 0,000. There is nothing of any novelty or importance in the surveyors' re- ports for the quarter. The Acclimatisation Society has prepared a selection of its popéis for presentation to His Rojal nighness the Duke of Edinburgh, These have been bound very handsomely by Mr. Pownceby, of Collins-street, in green and gold, with a suitable inscription in gold. ' The furious demand now existing for painters and decorators of ovory sort is daily found productive of inconvenience, which will piobably subside as the preparations for tho reception of tho Prince-Duke draw near their conclusion. One of the chief existing annoyances thus occasioned is the delay in opening the gallery of art at the Public Library. It was closed more than a month ago to he cleaned and renovated, the pic tuics woie unhung, and the place turned upside down, but for want of skilled work- men the gallery cannot bo put in ordor for tho present. We are informed that it will certainly be opened when tho Prince comes, hut how much booner than that eventful period we arc unable to say. A correspondent throws out a suggestion which is worthy the consideration of the Athletic Sports Committee. He says:-"I believe it is tho intention of the committee to hold a , day's sports, on ,the cricket ground, during the sojourn in this colony of the Prince. I would suggest that, instead of leaving all the races to be monopolised by experienced runners, they should, as in years gone by, have two races set apait for youths under seventeen years of ago who havo never won an advertised race. An ar langement of this character would give gene- ral satisfaction." Pending the unfortunate illness of Colonel Anderson-from which we aro glad to hear ho is recovering-nothing has been finally settled about tho share the volunteers are to take in the Royal reception, nor, we leam, could much be done till General Chute has fixed matters a little. Tho volunteers will, of courso, be called upon to furnish their quota for guards of honour to the Prince Duke, but in what way and to what extent is not yet known. We cannot yet learn, either, what has been done about the Artillery- men who astonished St. Kilda with their unrehearsed ball practice the other day. It is only fair to the men themselves to state' that they wore perhaps the most surprised of any one at the effect they produced. While wo aie giving items of volunteer news, we may state that the movement for a general shilling subscription from volunteers towal ds a present to His Royal Highness has fallen through, but something is still to bo expected from the agitation in that behalf. Theio was a large muster of the Metropo- litan Artillery corps for moonlight parade last evening. Upwards of 100 mon wove present, who performed a scries of ovolutions and' cxeicises to the oxpresscd satisfaction of the commanding officer. Before the mon wore dismissed, Captain Steele distributed a large number of prize badges for firing to the suc- cessful competitors. ' On Thursday evening, a more than usually pleasant evening's entertainment was given at tho Hospital for the Insano at the Yaua Bend, by Mr. James Smith (Parlia- mentary librarian), Mr. Lewis, and a party of well-known lady amateurs, who kindly volun- teered an " evening with the patients." Mr. Lewis presided at the pianoforte, and his execution of selected portions from "Tra viata" and other operas was very fine. Mr. Smith read selections horn various authors, grave and gaj', and in his de- livery of a piece replete with the pecu- liar humour of the "States" convulsed his audience. A lady sang several airs very sweetly. Portions of some standard come- dies were also represented, and of course the works of Dickens and Tom Hood were not forgotten. Indeed, the treat afforded the inmates on this occasion will be long reí membered. The patients woie so ordeily, and at the same time so discriminating, that it was not easy to realiso the fact that the audienco was composed for the most part of persons mentally affected. A correspondent has called our attention to a lcmarkablo occurrence in a court of justice. He says that being at Lancefield a few days ago, he was present when the local bench arid Mr. Akehurst, P.M., of Kilmore, heaid a charge of assault upon a woman, with intent to commit a moro serious offenco, brought against a man named O'Connor. Several witnesses 'were examined, and an assault was proved of a character to induce the magistrates to inflict a fine of £3, with the alternative of fouitcon days' imprison- ment. The same person, on the samo day, applied to the same Bench for a licence for a publichouse at Romsey, to bo called tho Wheatsheaf-and got it! Such a case as this deserves the immediate attention of the Minister of Justice. Thcie woro many cases disposed of yester- day in the County Court, but th'o majority weio undefended, and the balance devoid of public interest. ' Petitions in suits of the following v. the Queen woro yesteiday filed in the Prothono tary's office ¡-Robert Barbour, railway sleepers, £576 7s. Id. ; Frederick Holyoak and William Hunter, repairs to sessions court at Geelong, £49 15s. ; Francis Knox Ormo, salary, £108 Gs. 8d. ; nonry Ncily, salary', £54 3s. 4d. ; Thomas Denis Stratford Heron, salary, £108 6s. 8d. ; Frederick Clarke, Chiof Secietary's ófrico, £11 13s. 4d. ; Michaol Cleary, do., £41 las. 4d.; John Blakcney, do., £58 Gs. 8d. ; James Smith, do., £11 13s; 4d. ; James O'Hca, do., £56 13s. 4d. ; William J. Wall, do., £4113s. 4d. ; Donald Cumming, do., £18 17s. 8d. ; Arthur Grconwood, do., £13 6a. 8d. ; George Breading, do., £26 14s. ; F. J. P. Stephon, woik and labour, £103 12s.; Graham Webster, salary, £108 6s. 8d. j 'Christopher Hemming, General Post-office, £61 IDs. 3d.; Wm. Andw. Knight Plum- mer, do., £61 19s. 4d. ; Augustus Tulk, £125 ; David Thomson, £2C ; Jno. Cor nclius Caflin, £26; John Stone, £26; Bon. jamin Bell, £26 ; James Bennett, £26 : Wm. Spenco Woblott, £26 ; Androw Affleck Bannerman, £26; Jas. Adams, £26; Wm, Hy. Archer, £150 ; Henry H. Hayter, £7113s, 4d. ; Chas. Wakefield (contract, Yarra Bend), £39 18s. 8d. ; Robt. Fulton, Railway depart, nient, £41718s. 5d. ; Wm. Edward Watkins, £26; Robt. Brodrick Ahern, £13 6s. 8d. John Happell, £23 6s. 8d. ; Henry Ward Ma thowson, £16 2s. 2d. ; David Curtis Rees, £li 17s. 8d. ; Wm. Boles, £1817s. 8d. ; John Sox ton, £18 17s. 8d. ; Thos. Harrison, £274s. 4d. Geo. Gordon M'Crae, £54 3s. 4d. ; Henry Au gustus Hendrew, £68 12s. 2d.j John O'SulU van, £27 ¡4s. 4d. ; Bernhard Smith, £108 6s. 8d. ; Thos. Frans. Butler, £24 8s. lOd. ; Ed ward Vernon, £41 13s. 4d. ; Patrick D Treacey, £2113s. 4d. ; Thos. Sunderland, £8i 17s. 8d. ; Wm. Edwd. Wollaston, £54 3s. 4d. Henry Nowton Phillips Wollaston, £33 Ga. 8d. Alf. (Kdw. Gumm, £21 J8s/ lOd. ; Godfrey Downes Carter (contract), £1,242 7s. 3d. ;' Patk. Noonan and Mich. Noonan, labour, £131. In tho Snpreme Court yesterday, before the Chief Justice, the only case tried of any public importance was Lovcztolo v. tlie Mayor, ile, of Daylesford, for an execssivo distress. This case, by itself, was of a very trumpery character as regards the amount in- volved, but it developed afine litigating spirit on the pait of both sides. Plaintiff's caso was that ho had been rated and levied upon in íespcct of property for which he was not primarily liable to bo rated, and there was a second difficulty as to levying upon urn for costs. With two Queen's counsel engaged in the suit, all points of law were well-nigh ex- hausted, but the jury íoadily found a vordict for the plaintiff ; damages, £50. In the Old Court-houso yesterday, before Mr. Justice Barry, the cases tried wore Watkins v. Vickers and Clarice v. M'Lean. The first was an action on a bill of exchange given to Mr. Alfred Elliott, the money-lender. The'de- fence was, that the bill was given in renewal of another which ought to have been yielded up, but was not So. The verdict was for the defendant. The second was an action by the treasurer of the church committee of the Presbyterian school- house in Goorge-street, Collingwood, against the schoolmaster, upon a cheque lately given by him in settlement of an action brought against him by the trustees of the school buildings for rent of the school, Tho defenco set up was that the cheque had been given for what had been already paid in money or money's worth. Tho verdict was for the defendant-no doubt principally owing to a speech by his counsel (Mr. Aspinall) in his happiest and most effec- tive stylo of humourous sarcasm and drollery, at the expenso of the "saintly persécutera" of tho defendant. The business in the Insolvent Court yos terday was quickly disposed of. Thirteen insolvents obtained certificates of discharge unopposed. An inquest was held by the district coroner, at the Yarra Bend Asylum, yesterday, upon the body of an inmate named James Foley O'Neil, who died suddenly on the 6th inst. Deceased was admitted into hospital on the 20th of last August, and had been treated for chronic diarrhoea. On the 7th inst. he appeared worse, and suddenly became insen- sible. He continued in this state until twelve o'clock at night, when he expired. A post- mortem examination, made by Mr. Rudall, showed that death had resulted from disease of the lungs. The verdict returned by the jury was to that effect. Mr. Candler resumed the adjourned inquest on the body of Michael Downie, who had been found drowned on the 5th inst. The only additional evidence taken was that of Mary Anne Downie, wife of deceased, who deposed.- The deceased was my husband. He was thirty years old. I am certain of the identity. The clothes upon the body are the same as those worn by my husband the last time I saw him - namely, the 30th ult. He was then at home, but under the influence of drink. He drank two tumblersful of rum, and afterwards left the house. He did not return, and I thought he was away on a drinking bout. Whenever deceased drank he was very wild. He left home about eleven o'clock at night. Deceased had some friends in the diiection of the Merri Creek. I have no reason to apprehend deceased met with any foul play. He was of sound mind when sober. The jury returned an open verdict of " Found drowned." Theie will be unusual attractions for tho sporting portion of the community on tho Melbourno Cricket-ground this afternoon, in the annual athletic mooting of the Victorian Cricketers' Association. Tho entries aro numcious, and excellent sport may be relied on. It is expected that His Excellency tho Governor, who has given his pationageto tho meeting, will be present ; and the services of the band of tho 14th Regiment havo been promised. It may not bo too late-late as it is-to call the attention of the managers of the spoits to a complaint which has reached us from a coi respondent. Ho says: - "I should hke to call their attention to what has been a cause of much an- noyance on former occasions. I refer to the fact that it has been customary to i havo somo twelve or twenty people hang- ing about the competitors, and around tho winning-post, making it impossible in such contests as the standing or tunning jumps for outside spectators to see what is going on. Three or four judges at most should be suffi- cient to seo fair play." The fast important cricket match of the season, that between the East Melbourne and Corio Cricket Clubs, Will bo played to. day on the East Melbourne ground. Thet game is announced to commence at cloven sharp, and the chai actor of tho playeis cn-, gaged promises an interesting and well-con- tested match. Corio will bo represented by Wills (captain), Conway, Robeitson, Rippon,, Riddle, Rose, Symonds, Pitman, Tait, Giblin, and Bradley ; and East Melbourno by Hoiau, Phillips, Campboll, James, Wilkie, M'Phor 'son, Holmer, Egglestono (J.), Campbell (D.), Conway (H.), and Wilkie (David), with Hep- burn emergency. The first eleven of the South Melbourne Ciicket Club loft town last night for Ballarat, to play the first eleven of the Evening Star Club to- day. A match will be commenced at ten o'clock this morn- ing, on'the South Molbourno giound, be- tween tho second cloven of South Melbourne and an eleven from the Church of England Grammar-school. The monthly meeting of the Thiul Union Building! Society was held at the offices, 82 Collins-street east, on Thursday evening last, the Hon. Henry Miller presiding. Tho re- ceipts woro announced as £3,388 10s. 2d. Soventccn shares wero sold, at premiums varying from £1 6s. to £1 7s. Gd. per share. It is feared in the noithein paits of the country that tho present summer will, rif proper precautions be not taken, be a very disastrous ono for bush fires, tho growth of the grass being so luxuriant in consequence of tho heavy spring rains. In tho Hlawarra district (X.S.W.) bush-fires have already caused considerable damage, and if the pre- sent weather lasts, the grass in the Upper Murray district will be d17 i'nough to bum in less thin a fortnight. On Thursday ovening Sam Waldock and some of the gentlemen who ride to the Fle- mington'hounds entertained tho farmors of the district at a dinna at Woods* note!, Essendon. Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A., pro sided. The number of farmcis present was not so largo as was anticipated, in conse- quence of tho harvesting which is at prcsont going on. Those present enjoyed themsclvos to their hearts' content, and made merry until a late hour. A civil war on a very small scale has taken place at Ballarat between the Protestant and Roman Catholic schoolboys, the occasion being the observance by the former of tho foolish old ceremonials of Guy Fawkes Day. "It appears," roys the Star, "that on 5th Novcmboi thcoffigics of Guy Fawkes piovided by boys of tho National School and Mr. Ramsay's Church of England school, woro systematically met at street coiners by boys of tho Roman Catholic school, and broken up and disabled by means of sticks. The Pro- testant schools took till tho next day to dovise what steps thoy would adopt to resent this outrage ; ,and at noon on Thursday, just as tho boys of tho Roman Catholic school woro temporarily liberated, they wao confronted by opposing forces, and had to bear the brunt of a well-directed discharge of quartz-metal. 1 We do not know whether tho discharge was less manfully resisted by tho Roman Catholic party, but before the melee had proceeded to on extent serious to life or limb it was adjudged decidedlr unsafe to property. Tho three schoolmasters, were therefore 6ent for, and the disturbance was, after some trouble, put an end to. In the afternoon, a party of .boys from tho Roman Catholic school carno down to await the dismissal of Mr. Ramsay's pupils, and were well provided with missiles ; but Mr. Ramsay managed to mollify them, and send them about moie pacific busi- ness." The following election gossip is supplied by a correspondent of the Ovens Advertiser : "I am informed that several gentlemen have waited upon Mr. Ireland, Q.C., from your district, requesting bim to stand in tho Oppo- sition interest for the Ovens. It acorns that those gentlemen are sanguino that two men canibe returned as easily as one, and aio.of opinion that Mr. Ireland will have no diffi- culty in being olected. I beliovo that Mr. Ireland will stand if it is shown to be the wish of a'sufficient number of electors that he should do so. Kilmore is considered a safo scát'for the Opposition, and It is not impro- bable that Mr. O'shanassy may accept the re- quisition which has been presented to him, and stand for it himself." A Ballaiat correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator supplies the following account of courageous conduct on the pare of a con- stable :-" A coso of no ordinary charactoi took place on Thuisday last, October 31, be- tween William Robinson, an Aboriginal, and Constable Cooper, of this placó. Robinson had been sentenced to two months for steal- ing, and on his way back to tho lock- up door ho slipped off tho handcuffs and made speed to the Glenelg, (followed by Constable Cooper, fully idetennined not to lose his prize. The Glenelg being only about '100, yards from the lock-up, there \vas ^little" chanco for him >to' catch his gamo befoio taking to the water. Robinson leaped into the water, and struck off for the opposite sido of the Glenelg. Constablo Cooper, nothing daunted at the water, took allying leap, and being an expert swimmer pulled up his man about thirty yards from the edge of the bank. Robinson finding himself too hotly pursued, a dcspeiato encounter then took place in tho water for life, Robinson being fully detei mined to drown Constable Coopoi if he could ; but the latter was moie than a match for his man in the watei. The encounter lasted about half an hour, when Cooper succeeded in bringing the blackfellow once moro on the bank of the Glenelg, and lodged bim safely in the watchhouse. So desperate was tho encounter that the clothes were torn from Constablo Coopcr'k back, and ho also received a seveie injury to the little fingci, which was bitten through'in two places. Robinson is well knowu to the police, and had been in their hands several times before." A shocking accident occuired last weok to a child of a person named Placo, on the Magenta Roof, Ovens district. Tho child was playing with a fnestick, which he had picked up ffioin a fire, when by some moans ho fell, and in doing so buried the burn- ing end of the stick in his oye, completely destroying the oigan. Souous inflammation has set in, and the child lies in a vory dan- gerous state. Two boyb named Leseberg, aged twelve and foui teen years, were drowned on Satur- day last in tho Indigo Creek, near winch their parents íesided. Tho poor lads woro bathing togethci, when one of thom was seized with cramp and w cut down, dragging the other M ith him. The following fact of natural history, and also the decidedly foggy theory offered for its explanation, are given by the Edenhope cor- respondent of a western journal :-' ' Fish aio beginning to make thoir appearanco in tho waterholes in this neighbourhood. Cortainly they arc by no means gigantic specimens of tile finny tribe, but still fish." How to account for their anivall do not know ; but I ,will relate a theory which I hoaid tho other day,' and which is to me a novelty. It is assumed that thcie arc underground lakes or bodies of water beneath the run-away waterholes, &c;, above, and, that in vory wet seasons tho ground botween tho uppci and lower waters bccon.es so saturated that the two waters aro, in fact, one. The spawn then , which is contained in the lower water rises through the light sandy soil, and ultimately develops itself into fish." The body of < a man named Cornelius Donnelly was found on Thursday morning in the bottom of a shallow shaft at Dead- horse Gully, Ballaiat. He was last seen in 'a grog shanty drinking, and tho supposition is that he fell into the shaft when trying to make his way home. A man named James Fiazcr was engaged the other day at Little River lollingovcra log when a whip-snake, about threo foot long, glided out, and resented the disturbance by biting the forefinger of the man's left hand. With great presence of mind, and a good deal of foititudo, ho immediately took up an axe and chopped off the finger above the bite. Ho at once started off for the Geelong Hospital, where he airived soon after the bito was inflicted ; but notwith- standing the prompt action he had adopted, he was very sleepy and drowsy when ho arrived. Dr. Reid at once treated the suf- ferer, who is out of all dangei. The state of all airs occasioned by the crisis was illustrated a few days ago afc an up country county court, when a police magis- trate'was summoned to appear on a fraud summons, to show cause why he should not be committed to prison for non-payment of a tradesman's account. His o.\cuso was the usual one of the unfoitunato civil sorvants, viz., that the Government had not for months past discharged its obligation to him. On tho other hand, it appeared that the plaintiff had no alternativo but to enforce his claim or go to prison himself, at tho suit of his own credi- tors ; whilo, again, the latter wore pressed by a smaller fry of impecunious claimants, ren- dered so by tho non- payment of their de- mands. Thus the distress brought on by the non-payment of tho civil sorvants is far moro wide-spread than might at first sight ap- pear. An old man, of eighty yeais of agc, who applied for relief on Thursday to tho Mayor of Sandbuist, stated that he had beon living for sixteen yeais as a shephoid in this colony, whcio ho arrived" from Tasmania noarly thirty years ago. Tho mayor promised to try and got him admitted into the Benevolent Asylum. At the Eaglehawk Polico Couit on Thuis- day, James Henry Clarkson, of Myor's Crook, was charged hy the police with using tho name of surgeon, ho not boing duly registered under the Medical Practitioners Statute, 1865. The evidence fully made out tho case, and it was also proved that dofondant was in 1853 fined £5, at Dunolly, for illegally practising as a medical man. The Bench considered that, under the circumstances, tho caso was a most flagrant ono, and fined defendant £20, with the alternative of three months' impri- sonment. Them was a \ciy good houso at the Theatre Royal last night. The usual programmo of ballet and pantomimo was given. " Fathom of families " should not forget that tho Mar tinettis givo a midday performance this aftor noon foi the first time, when, in addition to some oxcellcnt ' ballot, that wonderful piece of mimicry, "ThoBrazilian Apo," will bo given. For to-night an ontiro chango of piogiainmo is announced. Tho pretty little one-act comedy, "Simpson and Co.," will precedo a now ballot called "Tho Bouquot," in which Madame Desiró Matthieu and others appear ; and the success of the last " Groupings" has induced tho management to produco some now ones, and we believo that little Iguatio Matthieu will take part in thora. IA Handbook for the Ouidanct of Local Com miUces of Common Schools, by Mr. J. Geary, inspector of schools,, has just boon published by (Mr. H.T. Dwight, of Bourko- strect east. Tho lodies who havo interested themselves in J tho Victorian Freo Church of England Bazaar, havo decided to open it on Tuesday, the 19th inst,, in honour of tho visit of tho Prince. Tho bazaar will take placo in the Assembly-hall, Gertrude-street, Fitzroy. I^rom an advortisemont in another portion of tho paper wo obsorvo that Mr. H. Cohn, of Sandridge, has erected a large and com- modious grand stand in front of his hotel at Sandridge, from which a very good view of thel landing of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh may be obtained. Mr. W. Montiploy, lately connected with thel Queenscliff Fishing Company, contro- verts tho statement mado by the company thal ho is iudebted to them. On the contrary, ho says they aro in his dobt to a considorablo amount, and ho will probably prosecute his claim before lone in a court of law. Tho'Grand United Ordor of Oddfellows hold thrir third annual fête at the Zoological gardens to-day. Tho proceeds, in accordance with tho principles of the fraternity, are to bo devoted entirely to charitablo purposes ; and it is, to be hoped that so laudable- an object may) -uect a full measure of support from tho public. Tjie following reward [from the Polico Fund was paid in tho courso of the week : To Constoblo Hans Gordon (1,397), at Ingle- wood, Malborough district, £2 in acknow- ledgment of his services in arresting and 'bringing to conviction George M'Donnoll, sentenced to two and thrco years' respec- tively on each of two charges of forgery and uttering. The annual toa and public meeting in con- nexion with St. Mark's Church, Fitzroy, was held'on Thursday evening lost. An address 'was delivered by the bishop of Melbourne. The Dean was unavoidably absent, but was represented by his son, who also addressed tho mooting at length. Tho choir of tho church added materially to the evening's on ' joyment, and succeeded in rendering effec- tively a very choice selection of music. Tho usual votes of thanks wero proposed and carried, and tho meeting closed with singing and prayer. Mr. Brown, the landlord of the newly established Earl of Zetland Hotel in Swanston street, gavo a supper last night to a number of his friends, on the occasion of tho opening of his house. About eighty gentlemen sat down to a supper which was at once choice, elegantly laid on the table, and excellently served. Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A., occupied tho chair, and the two vice-chairmen were Mr. J. Edwaids, M.L.A., and Mr. J. B. Humffray. After the usual loyal toasts had been suitably honoured, tho healths of Mr. and Mrs. Brown, tho host and hostess, wero drunk with great applause. Mr. Brown re- sponded in a short speech. Mr. Thomas Parsons has recommenced his conllict with the devil by tho issue o£ a pamphlet entitled An Address to the People of Victoria Going to the Poll. It is a tirado of abuse of tho Legislativo Council, and of the Constitution under which that Chamber exists. It is highly laudatory of our late Go- vernor, who is described as " one of the most simple minded, straightforwaid, least cun- ning, and most genuine of patriots," and as I "tho gentío, amiable, and kind Dalling," who in England "novor mado his voico heard beyond the wretched mire known as the Australians in Loudon." Tho pauiphlot is dated with some propriety on Guy Fawkes' Day. At tho weekly meeting of the Executivo Comniittco of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent mado tho following roturn :-Number of inmates in tho home, as íeportcd last week, 297 ; admitted since, C8; persons who havo received out-door relief, 439, or 107 families ; total relieved, 804\. Discharged from tho homo during the week, 75; total at piescnt remaining, 290. Number of women in tho laundry, 12 ; number of mon oakum- piclriug, 28 ; number of men stonebrcoking, 8 ; number of men working outside 4. A subscription of £1 towards tho festivities on airival of H.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh, has been presented by tho non. J. P. Fawkner ¡ and, for tho same object, 2cwt. of sugar by Messrs. Joshua Brothci e. , The Rev. W. Hall, M.A., of AU Saints' Church, Northcote, was met in tho new school-room thero, a fow days ago, by o large body of his parishioners, Mr. J. Moins being in tho chair. Tho object of the moot- ing was to present Mr. nail with a farewell address. Mr. Morris, in making the présen- tation, referred to tue inteiest manifested by tho reverend gentleman and his wife in the welfare of those committed to their charge,'and to their earnestness in promoting every good work. Ho particulaily alluded to Mr. Hall's diligonce in parochial visitation, and Mrs. Hall's arduous and long-continued labours in tho Sunday-school. He also ac- knowledged their valuablo support and as- sistant towards the building of the new school-room, and concluded hy expressing his sorrow at their departure, and his hope that , they might return to tho district at somo ' future time, when it should have become more populous and wealthy. He then handed to Mr. Hallan engrossed addicss, signed by the members of tho church and other re- sidents in tho district, with a testimonial in cash amounting to about £30 (which amount, it was expected would bo increased by contributions not yet recoived from Pros- ton). An easy chair in morocco was thon presented by several ladies, and a volume containing tho church services by the Sun- day scholars for Mrs. Hall, whoso presenco was prevented through sickness, to tho grief and disappointment of herself and of the peoplo assembled. Tho Rev. Mr. Hall lcplicd in a feeling and imprcssivn manner, and tho meeting dissolved after those pre- sent had individually bidden him farewell. Among tho petty thefts recorded in this week's Police Gazette are tho following : From William Doherty, Brunswick-strcot, Fitzroy, a pair of strong laco-up boots, uoaily now j from tho person of Frederick Wheeler, at Wilson's station, Longernong, on 29th lût., a red morocco purse containing a £510s. Union Bank cheque from Samuol Wilson, for Wilson Brothers, to Mr. Clintock, a gon tleman's old English gold rinc sot with square ruby, some odd silver, and somo postago stamps ; from the person of Homy Bridges, Simpson's-road, Collingwood, an old-fashioned gold open-faco lover watch, ongraving of a bridge insido tho back caso : from the person of Edmund Wilson, in Bourko- Btreot, a silver open-face loverwatch, smallgold diamond-link Albert chain attached, gold key sot with white cornelinn, oval gold locket containing hair and lady's likeness, and a gold five franc piece ; from the porson of Frederick Wallan, on the Flemington Racecourse, a leathor purse with olastic band, containing about £8 and some letters and papers : from David Mallett, Domain-road, South Yarra, thirty goldfish ; from the dwelling of Charles K, (Berg, Station-placo, Sandridge, a gold hunt- ing Genova lovor watch and three tablo spoons, ono of them marked with three letters, tho lost of which was "S." ; from the dwellingof James Logan, off Little Smith street, Collingwood, an old doublo bluo blankot, and a blown Crimean horse-rug striped at each end : from tho carriage of Dr. Thomas Sorrell, Napier-streut, Fitzroy, a maroon- coloured leather pocket-case con- taining between fifteen and twenty surgical instruments of various kinds and sizes,, with tortoiseshflll handles, maker's uamo, "Laundy," on tho principal instruments; fiom Jacob Fletcher, bt. Vinoont-place, South Emorald-hil), four grey ducks, a yellow coloured Hamburgh cock, and a white cock with roso comb; from tho buggy of Dr. M'Cm thy, Lonsdalo-streot oast, Melbourne, a morocco caso containing surgical instru- ments ; from tho gaidon of William Perrott, Aberdeen-street, Prahran, a pair of white calico sheets, a Marseilles counterpane, and a white window blind ; from tho verandah of James Locko, Rouse-street, Sandridge, a metal door- scraper ornamented round tho edges, also an old hemp door-mat. The ticasuror of the Molbouuio Orphan Asylum acknowledges tho receipt of the fol- lowing donations to tho Children's Recreation Fund :-Hon. J. P. Fawknor, £1 ; Mr. Mullen, £5. Tho treasurer of tho St. Kilda Ladies' Benevolent Society acknowledges the receipt of £5 fioin tho Bank of Victoria in aid of tho funds. ^^^^^^^^^^^ 