Commons and their raanagoraont, in Yictnrin, conBtituto tho betes noircs of Sliirc Councils aud Mmiici|)^lities. Why this shuulJ bo, wliilo othnr institutions under tlio control of local bodies are adin'ttedly managed wi li care, and jirott to tho ratepayers, is a ques tion which, in default of an cxplanntiun fi-om those chiefly . interested, tlio Govornmout sooner or la,tor will have to reply to. Jf any thousands of acres in this district have been liboraJJy eot apart for tho uso of tho inhabi tants. TQHe management of those largo tracts of, country is at tho samo time vested in tho. hands of tho ratepayers, who rocom mend thou: own managers, and except ou rare occasions, Iho appointments of tho ma nagers so. chosen aro confirmed by tho loea! governing power in their respective districts. Referring on tho present occasion nioro par ticularly to, the commons within tho Shiro of Avoca, it is very generally admitted tlmt the liberality of tho Government has boon, and continues to be, most (rro.ssly abused. Not only are tho revenuos from tho depasturing of stock disproportioned to the benefits re ceived by tho ownorf,. but ia somo in stances tho returns aro actually insufficient to cover the working expenses of tho com mons. Wo could point to one glaring ex ample of unprofitable and disgraceful abuse oftho liberality of the Board of Lauds, whore thoro may be said to bo actually no manage ment at all. Excuptions to tho gonoral rulo of mismanagement certainly exist, but they aro so few and in degreo so potty and incon siderable that wo may woll pass thorn over without further notico. It would appear from tho apathy displayed by minors, farmers, and tho residents of towns within the Slu'ro, that Hie benefits ac oruding from the establishment of commons, aro not understood, or at least that thoy arc pot appreciated. There is, howevor, one class oftho comrflunity most keanly alive to tho value of unlimited and froo pasturage for their cattle.'1 Wo nood soarcoly stato those to bo tho dairymen or cattle broodors. Those ore tho mon who appear to have acquired tho practical control and management of 1ho wide tracts of country eot apart by the State for tho benefit of the general community : chairmen, managers and herdsmen are generally all cattle brooders, and whilo tho foes aro fixed sufficiently low to render tho occupation a most profitable one, tho un fortunate owner of a goat is mulcted in heavy fees and anathematised as a robber. 4 judicious herdsman, whore cattle breeders form the majority of the board of manage ment, well knows how to temper hie authority to s?iit tlja vifivrs of his employers, and if aojiio [isvumb}irlg farmer' fail to boo tho ad vantage of such, a system he is inducod to join tlio ?worth'' brotherhood and become a cattle breeder on .'he samo very liberal terms. It isnottoo mucli to saT, aa a rule, that atloast one half of tho Btooi: depastured escapes scol freo in the ahapo of liob.nse fees, wltfjo tho nnrsr nv ri/it*OA nf nn £_i.x«tninn' . UnlicGnBnd miner or farmer is as soon as possible con fided to tha cat© of tho nearest poundkei^or. We could point to dairymen, $9 called; pos sessing herds of sixty, soventy-) and a hundred hood of cattle depastured on the local commons. Evan were the 4ee of a. shilling or eighteen pence per hoad per- annum, duly paid. for such a privilege, wo should consider it none the less an abuse of the Oamrftona Act.. It will be asked how a change can be ' made from this pernicious system to one' more in conformity with the int&rosts; of the ratepayers. ?? j A6 wo have previovsly slated, the recom- , mendatwn of tho top;aagorg is entirely in tho hands of the rat^ayere, although their ap poiotmentre^^iQ^ ^ i8 BUbjcct to, tho I approval of Jtho local governing body. Too! oft°r-, ftnd we may say generally, a hole and | '.orow meeting is improvised for the election of common managers by tomo lialf-a-dozen cattle breeders, misnamed dairymen; the result is tho. appointment of men pledged to advocate u low scale of fees, and a system of registration favorable to their own indi vidual intortBflte. Tlio misorablo gratuities paid to, tho. herdsmen are, of course, totally inadequate to compensate thorn for their labor. Nood wo fool, thoroforo, surprised that they seek to. recomnonso themselves after a fashion.tho reverse of tho orthodox ? Tho solution bf the, difficulty lies with the ratepayers ; let them, whether owners, of stock or not, tako an active part in such elections. Due care should bo taken to ex clude from', tbo management a majority of cattle breeders. Lot tho herdsmen, bo paid salaries commensurate with thoir services; and at tho same time let them bo instructed fearlessly and. without favor to carry out their dutios under tho Impounding Statute ou pain of dismissal. Wliilo on this point, wo would have tho hordstnon directly tcb- :, ponsible to tho Shire or Uorough Councils aud removed ? from the influences of tho ,' Bjard of Management. Under such a ' regime wo vontura to say that the various co nmons within tho S'liro now so grossly j mismanaged and unprofitable would return ! considerable revenues, which might bo ad vantageously applied, in assisting schools and institutions of u charitable kind. ShauM our remarks fail to awaken Iho inhabitants to a sense of tho privileges they onjoy under tho Commons Act, wo truwt the Government will at onco take tho matter in hand, and ; whore gross abuse continues to exist, let tho lands so hold at onco rovwt to (ho pastoral tenants of tho Crown. The mining advantages of llic Avoca district arc becoming every day more and more apparent. On Thursday last a splendid piece of retorted gold | from Btone raised at Fiddler's Creek wsb brought ? into Avoca. The amalgam weeded ]4B ounces, ! and was obtained from 34 torn* of quartz, tix weeks I only having been occupied in the raising and crush- ! ing or the auriferous stimp. j The bazaar held at the Shire Hall, Avoca, for I the Church of England fund, and which commenced ' on Monday, was in every way most succesiful. ' The ladies v-ho liad promised their assistance more than fulfilled their promiscR, as the abundance of ( prctiy and enticing wares amply testified. The ! supplications of ttic fair vendors were, as usual, irre s stiblc A very old resident of Amlicrst died very sud denly al Kelliscar on Thursday last. He was seen : walking in Ilie paddocV, near the house, about four ) or five o'clock that afternoon, and nol returning, a i search was made next morning, and he was found I lying on his back quite dead. On Saturday the coroner of the A »oca district, Mr Worsley held an ii»]ucst on his remains, when the medical testimony adduced showed that death was caused by moiti ficat o:-, re-u!ting from a rupture. A verdict was I returned in accordance with the medical testimony. The deceased was fifty-nine years of age. Mr Robinson was a very extensive selector in the agricultural area of Itathscar. As one of the 'new industries' of Victoria, we nrc pleased lo notice the cstabli i-brnent by Mr Nixon, in the manufacture of kerosene lamp glasses, glass-ehades, etc. The specimens which arc before the public are highly creditable to the manufacturer both in shape, clearness and strength, for tuch peculiar material. All efforts of this character should meet with encouragement at' the liandu of the public. On Sabbatb last, Jvfissionary Sermons were preached and collections made for Missions in all the Wealcyan Churches in the Avoca circuit. The Missionary Meetings at Itcdbauk and Moonambel were moderately attended. A Public Missionary Meeting was held in the Avoca Weslcyan Church) on Wednesday evening last, which was nol nu merously attended for an object to all-important ; tlie speeches also merited a larger audience. The chair was occupied by Mr John G re war, who called upon the Kev H. Greenwood to read the report The report spoke rather hopelessly of New Zealand' but most hopefully of tbe Friendly Islands, where one-third of the entire population are members of the Methodist Church ; and though in Fiji, about twelvemonths ago, the Kev. S. Baker and seven native assistants were cruelly murdered, yet there was much to encourage and mucli to call for re neweJ effort, for the cry still came— yea in the blood of the murdered Missionary—' Pity, oil 1 l-ity poor Fiji.. The Chinese mission in this colony hag lately suffered a loss in the death of tbe Rev Mr Caldwell, who was to have been the mis sionary to the Chinese in this colony ; to fit him for this work he was studying in China, but God willed it otherwise, the deceased' gentleman was drowned a few weeks ago in 8 river near Canton. The following is a general summary of the Wes. leyan Society in the Friendly Islands, Fiji, and New Zealand': — Number of churches and other preaching places, 1223; Missionaries and assis tants, 115 J : catcchists, 70S; local preachers, 1481; class leaders, 3,232; Sabbath scholars, 47,217 ; day scholars, 45,857 ; members of society meeting in class, 28,805 ; on trial frr member ship, 6.C76; attendants on public worship, 148,234. Tbe income for 18G7, £10,142 3b 2d, raised as follows : — colonial districts, £0,291 8a lid; mission districts, *3,851 4s 4d. Expenditure over income, £4,881 Os 4d ; which bas been paid by th£ Parent Society in London. The report being ready the Rev G. Mather was called upon, who gare an able and truly inspiring speech upon the claims which mission work bsd upon us, and the motives wlijch .iqgbt |o prpmiit.uB :6n in this glo rioug work of evangelising (he »»orld. The Rev. gentleman was loudly cheered upon resuming bis scab Mr H. Greenwood was next called upon, and sppVe.upon tbe heroic passion ? for B»ving souli which filled tbe hearts of the apoitles and all missionaries ; and that this passion would never jffie until tlie wprid was jwon for Christ. The chir tnan then introduced an old friend — the Rev V. Vood»U ; 'ho went op to show what missionaies bad and were accomplishing everywhere ; they lad tomething to sbew for (he time and labor sr-ot. He concluded a most telling speech, amid applaise, by urging all to help in tbe good work. Tbe speech of the evening, howeAer, was a good colla tion; -we are told tbe services will realize more this year than last. After the usual vote of thanh tbe meeting separated. ''Conflagrations are at all times unpleasant, md bush-fires in this sountry are looked upon as anti podean curses. Amongst the rest of the destruc tions begun in this very hot weather, we hare to notice tlie demolition by fire of the establishment of Mr Child, at Fiddler's Creek, wbicb, it is said, ? jealous hand ignited. Extra heat was certainly Dot required, and we should be inclined to say in this instance, ' Beware, ray lord, of love and jealousy.' Our readers, more especially the disciples of old Iaasc Walton, will be pleased to learn that an at tempt will very shortly be made to supply the Avoca River with young cod and other fish from the river Murray. During the week two of the residents collected a sum amounting to very nearly £20 for this purpose. Arrangements have been made by these gentlemen and Mr l'ascoe of Echuca r-whosc interest by the way ia the welfare of Avoca appears never to abate — to nave ibe fiab delivered at tbe Echuca railway station in a few days. To lessen the coat of transport a free pass lias been ob tained from the Minister of Railways by rail as far ae Castlemaine, where the fi6h arriving in the evening will meet with all care, and will immedi . ately be forwarded to their destination. Over and above tbe funds already in hand, there are other ' subscriptions still uncollected, and it is intended i should succesi crown the efforts about to be made to form a local acclimatisation society, and aftcr | wards introduce hares, partridges, &c;, to the I locality. We earnestly hope that the attempt will meet with the success it deserves. The Borough Council of Echuca, according to the liitcrinc ITcrald, appears to be well satisfied with the zeal and ability of their Town Clerk, Mr 1 C. £. Pascoe. At tbe annual meeting of the Uorough Council the following motion was put : — ' That this Council desires to express its very high i satisfaction at the manner in which its executive ! officer, Mr Pascoe, the Town Clerk, has managed ? the bminess of the Council for the past four years ; ; and hereby records its appreciation of the energy, ; industry and skill with which the discharge of his duties in connection with tlie Uorough Council of Echuca has ever been characterised.' Tbe motion was unanimously carried. Ratepayers interested in the expenditure of the Sliirc funds will find the annual statement publitlicd in the fourth page of this issue. The Dunolly Express says : — ' As two children, nephews. of Mr Girdle), were walking in the ljuth on Sunday afternoon, they discovered the body of a cbilil in a water-hole, in a gully near wJierc the stone is being quarried for the Roman Catholic Church. They immediately told their uncle, who informed the police, and, accompanied by the police, went to the spot indicated by the children. The body, which was wrapped in a piece of nc» canvass enclosed in a ham bag, was then drawn out of the water. The child appears to be fu II grown, and ib supposed to weigh at least ten or twelve pounds. Kvery effort is being mule hy tlie police to obtain some clue as to who placed the child in tlie hole. The w.atcr was only two feet deep, and it is therefore believed that the body, was placed there subsequent to the rain on Thursday night last: The mystery ntill surrounding (he discovery of the human remains in a tree near Elmhuret has had some additional light thrown upon it by the following paragraph from the Dunolly Express : — ' In reference to the ' Strange Story' that appeared in t recent number of the Ararat Advertiser, we learn from Mr Guy that tie was well acquainted with the murdered man Mr Young, whose remains were supposed to be found in a tree near Elmhurst. Mr Guy was at Fiery Creek when Young passed through it with, thp sheep, and went round with him to try and dispose of them to the butchers of that rush. Mr Guy must, therefore, have been the last person acquainted with Young who saw hirn.on the day previous to the murder* Young, when murdered, was on his way to Melbourne, en route for Tasmania, to be married to. a young lady named Elliston, daughter of the celebrated ac'or of that name. The lady was afterwards married' to a Mr Pitt, and went with her husband to Tasmania. Young's partner in the station was his brotherin law Mr Caffirae, and it is even passing strange that, on the very day that Mr CaSrae received tidings of tbe supposed skeleton of Young being found at Elmhurst, he should also have heard of the death of Mrs l'itt, tbe only person who could have iden tified the locket containing her hair.' An old man of seventy committed suicide lately by banging himself from a bed post in the Rue de la Roquctte, Paris. He left on the table a paper containing the following : — ' Accuse no one of my death. I have killed myself because I could not do otherwise. This has been the way with my family. My grandfather cut his throat with a razor; my father and my eldest son slio*. them selves ; my daughter Margaret threw herself into the river, two years ago ; and now 1 must obey tlie fate which haB attended my family for more than 100 years, \l is impossible to see the long ecrollB in which every contract ia included, with all their appen dages of seals and attestation, without wondering at the depravity of those beings who must be res trained from violation of promise by such formal and public evidences, and precluded from equivo cation and subterfuge by such punctilious minute ness. Among all the 6atires to which folly and wickedness have given occasion, none is equally severe with a bond, or a settlement,— Z-r. Johnson. A widow named De Leuw, of Berne, in Switzer land, has just celebrated the one-hundredth anni vcrsary of her birthday. The corporation of tanners, to which her husband had belonged, pre sented her on this occasion with a silver fruit dish with a commemorative inscription. A piece of iron ore-has been dug out of the bot tom of a shaft, which is 74 feet deep, at an iron mine, near, .Brixbam, Devon, s,nd on breaking it there crept out a lijard six indies long, the, belly yellow, and tbe back of a brownish color. Hair is at once tbe most delicate and lasting of our materials, and survives us like love. It is so light, so gentlr, 80 escaping from the idea of death that, with a lock of hair belonging to' a child or friend, we may almost look up to heaven and com pare notes with the angelic nature— nay ' almost says 'I^haveaipieccTofthee here, not unworthy of thy being now.'— ?Leujh Hunt. - , — A Yankee says lie bas tried the homatopathi treatment, and cured palpitation of the heart by the application of another palpitating heart to the part Bffected, .;.?:'?„.'..??.. . - Tbe most difficult ascent— Getting up a subs rip lion. An tylarmjng feature— A cannon's moutb. 