Intercolonial Intelligence. THE BELLEMEY POISONING CASE IN MELBOURNE. (From the Argus, December 22.) THE trial of Richard Thomas Bellemey, for the alleged murder of his wife, commenced on Wednesday last, was concluded on Saturday, when the prisoner was acquitted. The facts are tolerably well known to our readers, and are briefly these : That Bellemey was an assistant at a shop of Mr. De Barr, chemist, G-oulburn, New South Wales. Mrs. De Barr, who was proved to be a woman of very intemperate habits, eloped with him in August, 1866, carry ing a considerable sum of money with her. The pair arrived in Melbourne in September under the name of Barnett, and passed as man and wife. On shipboard Mrs. Barnett had been attacked with severe vomiting, which continued even after landing. She was attended by Mr. Beaney, who was called in by the prisoner to see her, and she was somewhat relieved. The same symptoms manifested themselves at a place in Elizabeth- street, to which they re moved from their first lodgings in Collins-street, and seemed utterly inexplicable to Mr. Beaney, though Dr. Turnbull, who was called in at this juncture, attributed them to excessive drinking. The woman continued to get worse, and waste away gradually, and, after their removal in May of this year to a house in Princess-street, she was confined to her bed. Mr. Beaney then called to his assistance Drs. Brownless and Girdlestone. They con curred in attributing the disease to antimonial poisoning, and by their direction a hired nurse was engaged to attend her, the prisoner being directed not to give her anything. Under this treatment she recovered a little, and was then taken to lodgings with Mr. and Mrs. Shuttle worth, Boden-street, West Melbourne, and two or three days after Barnett (or Bellemey) dis missed the nurse, on the score of the expense she caused, and of being of no use. Tie was then out of employment; the money standing to the credit of Mrs. Barnett was only £400; and the expense attendant on keeping the nurse was £2 6s. per week. The doctors left off visit ing the patient after the nurse wa3 dismissed, though it did not appear that the reasons assigned by them were ever com municated to the prisoner. On the 24th of July (Mr. De Barr having died in the meantime) Bellemey and Mrs. Barnett were married —the marriage having taken place at the solicitation of the other lodgers in the place. On the 3rd August Mrs. Bellemey died, and a post mortem examination discovered large quantities of antimony in many organs of the body. To meet the case lodged against him, it was proved for the prisoner that the woman was a groat drunkard; that in Collins-street she had been seen habitually to take pinches from a bottle labelled tartar emetic ; that a few weeks before her death she took daily a number of seidlitz powders. It was shown that the cheaper descriptions of these powders contained anti mony, and that these powders and the emetic are frequently taken to relieve the effects of drunkenness. The evidence for defendant was closed early on Saturday, and Mr. Dunne re plied for the Crown in a speech 0§ three hours' duration. Mr. Justice Molesworth occupied a Bixilar time in summing up and reading over the evidence. The Court was densely crowded during all the days of the investigation, but there was not much anxiety for the verdict, as it was felt that, after the testimony given for the defence, the jury had no alter native but to acquit. Indeed, whatever sus picions may have been entertained at first, and are still held by some, the greater number of those who heard the evidence believed in the man's innocence. After the verdict was given, the prisoner, who was greatly agitated, solemnly asserted his innocence, and on leaving the Court fell down in a fit, but was recovered by Drs. Baker and Martin. During his detention ; in gaol he also had one or two fits of a similar I character. I The Chinese Oedke of the Blue Bet- TOK.—At the civic fancy ball (says the Mel bourne Age) considerable attention was attrac ted to the picturesque coßtume of Mr. Kong Meng. It was the costume belonging to the Chineßt, Order of the Bluo Button, which is equivalent to a baronetcy in the Flowery Land. Mr. Kong Meng is the first Chinaman, out of China, who has been invested with this honor able order by the Emperor, and ho wore the costume for the first time last evening. It is said to be the intention of the Chinese of Mel bourne to give a grand banquet to Mr. Meng, in order to testify their satisfaction at seeing so distiugnlshed an honor conferred upon him." The Judgments against the Victorian Government.—On the much-expected judgment of the Supreme Court, the Argus reports, the demurrer in the case of Alcock v. Fergic, was delivered on Tuesday. In effect it up holds the technical validity of judgments by default against the Crown in actions against it under the Crown Remedies Act, but renders them of no practical avail to those who h^ve obtained them until an Appro priation Act has been passed specifically appro priating moneys out of the public revenues for i their payment. It will be remembered that on ! the argument of the demurrer, the judgments j by default in actions under the Crown Bemedies j Act were attacked on the threefold ground that the Crown has no authority to contract without the sanction of the Legislature; that judgments by "default" are not contemplated by the Crown Remedies Act, and are invalid ; and that such judgments cannot bo good without a re peal of the Constitution Act and the Audit Aot. The Court has dealt with all these question*, and has itself raised and disposed of a fourth and still more important one—whether, if the judgments are valid, they can yet be paid. The Court held that the Governor has no authority to contract without the sanction of Parliament, but that for pleading reasons that defence could not be raised in this action of Alcock v. Fergie, which is based on the assumed validity and assignable value of the judg ment obtained in a prior action of Alcock v. The Queen; it held that judgments by " default" may lawfully be suffered by the law officers in actions against the Queen; and it held that there is nothing to invalidate such judgments in the Constitution or Audit Acts ; but it held finally, what was either accidentally overlooked or intentionally unargued by both si-'es at the bar, that there is a more important question be hind all these which must also be answered. "Will payment of the judgments be legal ? and that the proper answer is in the negative. Pay ment of the judgments will be illegal till there has been a specific appropriation by Act of the Legislature for the purpose. There has act yet been no such Act passed. If before such Act be passed the Audit Commissioners issue, or the Governor approves of and signs, a single war rant for payment of such a judgment, he will break the Constitution Act and the Audit Law. Thb S. M. Herald of the 7th inst. says:— " His Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen, late Go vernor of Queensland, with Lady Bowen and family, arrived at 8 o'clock last night by the A. S. N. Company's steamship City of Brisbane. Upon landing his Excellency proceeded to Potty's Hotel, where apartments were prepared for his reception." The South Australian Parliament has been prorogued to the 14th of February.— The papers almost daily report extensive bush-fires, causing immense destruction of crops and other property. Upon the loss of crops generally, the Register of the 20th makes this gloomy comment:—" From the statements of our special reporter, who has just returned from meetings held at Willasten, Sheoak Log, and Templars, it appears that the more the state of the crops is inquired into throughout the country which lies within a radius of ten or fifteen miles round Gawler, the worse are the accounts which are received. The harvest, in fact, so far as those places are concerned, is a complete failure. Under these deplorable circumstances, we are glad to hear that several of the largest landowners, in the case of tenant farmers, have stepped forward and liberally granted remissions of rent. But in addition to this it seems absolutely certain that seed wheat will have to be supplied under some such regulations as those which we lately referred to as being adopted a little while ago n New South Wales." Fires.—A fire, which at one time threatened to involve several properties in a general confla gration, broke out yesterday morning at the point below Cawarra, near Milk Beach. It is supposed to have been caused by a fishing party out on Saturday night, who left the camp fire near the beach unextinguished. The fire tra velled upwards destroying a considerable part of Mr. Hoskiug's fencing and choice garden, and also the fencing of Mr. Willis. At the road between Greyciiff and Vaucluse a body of men consisting of the fishermen from Watson's Bay, the fishermen of Vaucluse Bay, and the gar dener at Vaucluse, with his assistants, stationed themselves with bushes to beat out the flames. But the north-west wind carried large flakes of fire beyond them frith whirlwind force, ignited the fencing and the bush, and so raged on wards to the mansion. In the meantime, Mr. Rowley and Mr. Binney, who happened to be in Vaucluse Bay, and Mr. T. J. Fisher's caretaker at the house, had made provision for pouring water on the roof, and so further damage in that quarter was arrested. A tele gram to Mr. Bown brought the engines and a large body of men upon the ground about 4 o'clock. They exerted themselves in beating out the fire about the bush, which was in flames all around, the fire extending to the South Head Road, and steadily making its way to Watson's Bay. At 6 o'clock the engines and Mr. Bown left, all being deemed secure. About half-past 7 the flames burst out afresh, and Mr. T. J. Fisher, who is about taking up his residence at Vaucluse telegraphed for the en gines to return, but no reply was received. For two hours the fishermen of Vaucluse and Wat son's Bay, and the men employed on the estate, were hard at work in keeping back the flames, which received fresh impulse from the freshen ing of the wind. At last the conflagration, so far as Vaucluse was in question, was ar rested, but it steadily advanced towards Woon's Bay, and continued burning during the night. The recklessness with, which fires are lighted near combustible materials by parties who think only of their own pleasure without regarding ulterior conse quences, is really scandalous. The grass in the Inner Domain, between Government House and Macquarie-street, caught fire about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. The alarm was given, and Mr. Collins, and several members of the No. 2 Volunteer Fire Company, took their manual engine on to the ground, set it to work, and with the assistance of the Water Police, succeeded in extinguishing the flames before they caught any of the trees on the west side of the ground. Several members of the No. 1 Volunteer Fire Company were also in attendance. —A house in Parramatta-street, near to the corner of Brisbane- street, in the occupation of Mr. Ayres, caught fire yesterday afternoon, and but for the assistance of the neighbors would in all probability have been burnt to the ground. The Fire Insurance Brigade, with two of their manual engines, and the No. 1 Volunteer Fire Company with their engine were in attendance soon after the alarm was given, but the firo had been nearly extinguished by the time they arrived. The fire is said to have originated through an ignited match being thrown amongst some wood shaving in the kitchen.— B. M. Herald, December 28. A shocking occurrence took place in Lygon street, Cariton. A man named Souby—who is a plumber by trade —and his wife, had been drinking during the day. A quarrel ensued at their own house in the course of the evening, when Souby seized a lighted kerosene lamp, and flung it at his wife's head. The unfortunate woman became almost instan taneously enveloped in flame. The glass in flicted a horrible wound on the right temple, and the hair on the right side of the head was completely burned off. In her agony the woman very naturally lifted her hands towards her head, and thereby sustained frightful burns on the fingers and wrists. Souby's hands and arras were likewise singed and flayed. The alarm was soon raised and assistance rendered. The sufferers were subsequently convoyed in a state of insensibility by constable Hogan to the hospital.— Argus. The Corporation Fancy Dress Ball (says the same journal) in honor of His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh, took place on Monday night in the Exhibition Building, and was a brilliant success. Nearly 3000 guests were present, including the Prince, and His Excel lency and Lady Manners-Sutton. The retiring room provided for tho Duke was situated in the building of tho library, in the corridor lead ing to the picture gallery. This room pre sented a very rich and handsome appearance, the walls being covered with an Arabian crimson curtain and gilt ormolu cornice; on the floor was a Brussels carpet. The furniture consisted of a splendid walnut drawing-room suite, up holstered in a rich blue damask ; walnut 100 table, with blue cloth cover; large gilt pier glass, and pair of lustres, with colored candles. A very prettily-arranged vase of flowers was placed on the centre table. For the conve nience of the Duke, a walnut marble slab wash stand, toilet ware, and cheval glass was pro- Tided. 