ends well,' and that fortunately no water Is -obtainable for seme time. -I dtotdd-be-eony to tee , -legislators, banken, merchanta, soldiers, and rtorekeepere turning ont to reap, while tne farming classes were toiling for that which at au times u an uncertainty. It most be considered that when a man can obtain anywhere wages to the amount of three-fourths of an ounce ol gold a week that it would be unwiBe of him to resmn that for the hope of getting perhaps an ounce a week or more. Experience has taughtus thatif 2,500 ro to the gold-field for the purpose of be rominjt rich (and all do it with that hope). 2,000 either get none at all, or only sufficient to. pay working expenses. If advice is allowed to be given I ghould fall into the ranks of those who have said, 'Look before you leap; stay a while, and see if the mas3 at present at Yalta can remain there and pay their way.' If 'hey can. then it must be unde niably stated that the gold-fields are paying. For several days last week 'Joe, Joe, Joe,' was the cry, and whoever passed down the maip RUeet was Joe'd to an extent which bordered on the ridiculous. THE GOLD-FIELDS. YATTA. . The subjoined interesting letter, dated October 19\. is from Mr. C. von Bertouch, Managing Director for the Bank of South Australia, Tanunda: ? ( : ; Tanunda, October 19. .'.Many have enquired why I abstain from givmg occasional reports about the diggings. The reason is simply this, that the fact of our* pos sessing a payable gold-field being beyond doubt, 1 think it unnecessary, aud am afraid to excite any to leave their homes and paying trade to chance their luck at work in many cases quite new to those who might be thus induced. But to-dsy I am specially requested by a German, known to me for 14 years as veiy industrious and respec table, who just now deposited with me here the fold he found on Friday and part of Saturday, le wishes his name not to be mentioned, but states that on being left alone by his former mates, he took his brother and two sons to join him, con fident of success if persevering. On Thursday they only had about one penny weicht; since then they washed out of four tubs about a pound weight ol gold, now in my band;, besides having a heap of very promising washing-stuff lying ready to be carted as soon as the holes, at present preventing traffic to the creek, are filled up. He desires me to point out the urgent want of a road for carts and wagons^ though I told him the matter had already received the attention of the Commis sioner, to whom Mr. L. Bevilaqua and L at the request of several successful diggers, applied on Saturday with that object, and who at once proceeded to mark oil' a road as good as can now be got, and prevented holes being dug thereon by putiug placards forbidding it. The diggings deserve at least a visit from every doubting man, and, as some gentlemen have thought proper to run down the habits, &c;, of the population thus gathered, I think, in defence of tkuac ou alUtckoJ, that oonsidcriotf the lajjrc number of men huddled together, there is very good order prevailing-allowing for exceptions. Those characters ought not to be counted as diKeers who go there only to grind organs or for similar employment, and are altogether unfit for regular work. Every one Beeing a number of men struggling hard for their own and their families' bread should yield the highest respect, and the enerts made are generally looked at favourably. There are some wlio by fun elevate the spirits of the downhearted. I do like their jolly 'Joe' and crowing at sunrise, and can see no harm therein. Lazy young men are used to think and wonder for a few hours after sunrise if they have any business to attend to. whoever is over particular about his' toast, coffee, cream, &c.; is not called to go to dig; but if he has come, he will return a more healthy and more hardy man, and will not look over the shoulder of a poor labourer as if he was an inferior being. The present character of our diggers is good. It may be that a number of vagabonds will gather there soon, but they will find there a number of efficient ofheers to watch their movements, and if assistance is wanted the great number of re spectable South Australians assembled is a guarantee that disorder will soon be checked. He who wants to learn the nature of each class of men must live with them, and will soon find that as good a heart beats under a dirty bush shirt as under many a gentleman's snow-white waistcoat.' Mr. A. Mackenzie, of the Eacle Tavnm hmimht to our office on Tuesday night a sample of very fine gold, bought by him at the diggings on that day. which id now to be seen at his house. Our (Jawler correspondent writes on the 20th. noting gold purchases there:— 'A large quantity of gold is still being procuied. Amongst the Gawler pur chasers during the last week may be mentioned Messrs. J. & G. Wilcox, 12 oh.; Mr. Milne, 10 pis. ; Mr. O. Lynch. 8 on. ; and another well known tradesman, 20 ozs. The Banks have not yet commenced purchasing.' We subjoin the letter of a correspondent at Kapunda, who deprecates, but not more than we do and have done, the publication of too glowing reports. His own letter, to begin with, multiplies, for instance, by three the outside number that we have yet estimated to have been on the ground at any one time. In other respects we cordially agree with him, and ars glad that he re-echoes what we have repeatedly »aid :— ' In reading reports of the Barossa Diggings .uwaf *RPcl1 surprised at the glowing accounts, and think these may be the means of leading many to leave constant employment. Such accounts are not warranted, some of the correspondents estimate that there are no more than 1,300 diggers on the pound, but I believe that on Thursday and Friday last there must have teen at least 5,090 or 6 W0 diggers at work, most of them getting the colour, I llll not p?y- fot, tbe K°ld 18 veir fine. A party of three and myself went down on Tuesday and commenced work on Wednesday; at the end of the week we had 3 dwts. to divide, and that would not pay. There were many round about not making so much, but still those that have been lucky enough to get in the main creek, above the tomrnissioner's camp, have been doing middling. As to making a fortune, it is out of the question. I think that if we take the amount of gold found at mrossa we will find it will not pay tucker, taking the average. We will suppose that 40 lbs. weisht is sold during the week (and I think it; will not reach thaty that is -S0 ounces, and say £5 per oz will bei2,400; notill per man. I am certain there were more than 3,000 at any ona time lant week. On the 13th I took out my licence— Ko. g.84-1 -and am certain that there are as many, if not more, working without any, so that, looking at it fairly, I cannot see that it is at all likely to prove payable. Still, if a person fcas nothing to do he may give it a trial with little expense besides his labour. I may give it another trial, for I should like to see it turn out well; hut at the same time it w not fair to put forth such glowing accounts. One thing is certain that for such a number of meri they ate very orderly and temperate, for while on the ground I did not see more than six or seven men the worse for drink, and these not bo bad but thai they could find their way about.' Subjoined are our correspondents' latest letters, which will prove interesting:— .Sandy Creek, October 19. The want of water is now so severely felt that many diggers are leaving in consequence Manv are perseverinRly attempting to wash their stuff wiin liquid mud. There u in many claims a layer of gravel cantainiHgfine. and below thatu layer of variegated toaVfiSfethK thf hea?ieJ *old- h « iraSble ^» ,,^? eA clay Vth the water which many are using; the heaps thrown from the top of the '^e consequently consist of lumps of clay, from Z^ thA B°ld ?'» aevfr «*«» extracted, as well as 3££d a™?n ,£*' °f the.fiDe T?ia mU5C also «* aTthe 11% Z-\ Proc*f,a ** »'Ping. The water riJrf ? of th? J^'ly mentioned in ray last oT{\,mea nVi-rn °f diminishing It wa» generally reported on Saturday at the doings that &U.; Goyder was coming up on that day io ascer It was a great mutate, to say the least on the part of the authorities to allow thesaie of in toxicating drinks on the dfcginw Manv of the loafers who thronged the booths last week 'have now disappeared, and the place L much qutter In KSn, nn ^'V0 -*a* of Preventing pro T W ^aSf Q the 4W™*' as well as in town 1 J&°na,8nare Very, ^Hitting respecting the value £fi W1611? Of thi8 fieId- v'y much or the mu?t h? l \\. W8-terw1orD. and it is argued that there £ rtw.7; r3'^-,^08118 ^an any yet discovered $ m« 5r' Or hm* ln the neighbourhood. I hear Wh% dl^ers working in the Yalta and near the X.lJi uL,''1'1 x h°Pe to be able to visit those ESS? ^ortl?' Thefe 'ere upwards of 1,500 «-«« 'sued up to Friday evening. Very few tlfrcJ^ued on.Saturday; but I have not ascer. tamed the number issued to-day. Several specL »eni wen a jo^ „# to hare come from a reef in the neighbourhood, but I very ma Ljouht It, Judging from theirTppearance. hJmT,?,6.^ weT£uMd -'c«terdky on the hill pounced at the close hi« inability to attend w Mr. Lewis's store, who had ottered to tjit« mnin£ made for a 8crvice ever* Thursday The PTpi»nm l Kapunda, October 19. dimrtnBsha^nt.reisPectinK ^e Barossa Oold eve? sm J tPffld fa* t0 a more or lm extent RHUfl all in it; but o course there w to be found on all diggings satisfied and dissatiSeK^Mm! r«»r J?.? A?me un uc^' a''1 8llc' I™ been to ta£w J the ^r1'16 ,m lni? neiuhbourhood. I iKtif,?'? 7 r°in 'f. Wh° hav.c K0t- aml aro win getting, I believe, gold m payali e quantities J J have mst heard of a party of tvvo (MeisnTSavel EiniWcr) .w!l0, Ieft here Hbout * ™«ekago SSfrfrrr--'dom; thSKot tVtrra^irui'd Et;0',101^' a*r unUI 1 near of wm™ £!ff«f* i etU H,00Pcr' & \--;o-. mentioned in my last as having obtained 5 om. of gold, havini h» J5P*eck«n '-e deep .sinking «'-Hw hill near h.eM-?mmiVI0!1?r '? aml 80 far- * M'eve, they have not met with any Buceess, but thev have not vet found the corrccfiotto.n. Should this par y RnJ ^n™!*1-10 are !-T w,orki'« tlie deeiwinklnw! fci^h-11 ?S cout''l-«'tiy thought here that the Barossa Dipcinpj will prove of Kreat value. Mr' »t fcft wa c?!P1}kertlf '»« town, has now on vie»u-* it nis establishment three fine numtg. which ^ 5R!5U??iff naiIy» P»™hase.I bv His Worship he ' htanMr- J,U p«'«*- 'Mho Barofsa. Mr. Kemp has also another lot of nice nuRRetty gold which was obtained at tho nm« ..k^ K ' u huT ?i.?uWS fr,ora the - atta U'KBi'*™ I'as cau.ed but little excitement in this locality. Several f'Ies have paid a visit to that locality but have returned, not being natisfie.1 wiih thu pfosuects of he place as a Rold-flekl. These partKlien has a truly auriferous appearance Th» ™- t- . p.°tt Wakefield, October 17. nl?Ji ''Pftion to the diggings is Bffectinir era 5 «nt k LalH)Hr ttt th,e })rt'8ent tim*- bo'n Mr Stone, who has the crock-deepening contract, and Mr. K. B. Smith, the machinUt, complain of the 'Ssofp^mise'.'™11'11 °lhm leaVing f0t thB The above was unfortunately omitted in Wed nesday s IUguter because of the pressure on our ™^rt con.s*,(luent u.P°n »he 'tamely lengthy reports of debates in Parliament. We now add later communications. 'Veritas,' a well-known and competent authority, writing on October 20, furnishes the following account of hit experiences at the i*atta Oold-fielil, and states freely hit opinions as to the value of the discovery, so that readers may see all sides: 'Haying read several varied and interesting accounts of the Barossa Diggings in new*papois and then' boasted richness. 1 made up a party, and started to the Kl Dorado, thinking to return in a week or two well rewarded for my Journey. We tent beside a well-watered creek at the entrance. J.??,sa$e evening my sou. who, has lived nearly all his life in Victoria pn the gold- fields, and there il? 1B no ,raean iU(1fie, went to muku enqui nes, and his report was anything but en couraging.. It was arranged Uint I Bhould start ^TtF 'V\e m'rnJn«{ t0 Bet our licences, and as I was desirous to judge for myself 1 ninde a Wa early start. There being no LuctsTsuod till 8 o dock a,rn., 1 leisurely examined eveiy hole, and saw the diggers wash their tuba of ntufl! Having been one of the first on the Victorian U S5'2B?i tente* being a resident on one of the gold-fields for nine years, I do not think it pre sumption in saying that I am a tolerably good Jua- of a payable gold-field. I found ipmune« rable holes sunk in the main creek and in nil the blind creeks running into it, also on tho sides of the hits; in fnct, in every direction men were hard at work, and su thick were the holes that had there been a lead in that direction it must have been struck I saw many tubs washed out, but no gold; in fact, I do not think I saw a quarter of an ounce of gold washed out all the morning. I tooV out ray licences, arid returned to my party very much out or sorU; for it appeared so very diflerent to any i,iDR J!T« eiVierseiSni c*cePtin8 to the labour, on other gold fields. My mates sunk a hole in the gully we camped near, and got the average amount a *old' ame]y- a 'Pec w the tin dish. I then advised my son to spend the afternoon in making enquiries, and to watch the dipgers wash; for it is difficult to deceive a practical miner if you are doing wea On his return he made up his mind to cut it on the following morning, M . lt iLwa8 only waste of time to r£ ?SJTrSiySi-^'i.11' vie?a coincided with my ev^n»^ftflfta«&eat;' of m decision; '« F'toy evening I went from camp to camp. The glare of bush-fires where the digggers were encamped and the white tents dotting the scene had a very (Zk ng18-f?CVhndflPU^Ue in mind -™«WS ureek. in 18j3. The first person I met told me that ^fhhadi^eVhere8w,eek'1Bnd '»* «ever5 hotel 'fthMbBdi?f '»'«* and had not got™ grain °f eold. He seemed an intelligent man, and he fcd h/Mub for two and Bi«pence. Ve went wether to the next camp. On the way a batch of i&^Th '?1 Mh? gJa-ve.hlin a We»u'y recognl. non ; they had all their dipgtag utensils with them hBhfe Za- 'J*1 Dear this j»lace. and if they couTa fc« ,°.^Td wa*feB would Dot ha™ 'eft. I went th?.??p to /''SP onlyl° hear of non-MicceM. fhe statement of one party near the CoinniU 'w 8 tent is worth mentioning. They ebqiltted °{ '2 or 14 men-Burra miners-who tofd we i they he sides of the hill, some 20 or 30 feet deep besides others in the gully, and thev had not a ?,?^r of.an1ounce -* wld ; and they bitterly com. plained of he newspaper reports, which were Krf h^dvPMe storekeepers and publicans for their own individual interests. They showed me a KrVn'!,he;Vt8illtcd t«!iat.a l^lieWneW hrf feSVM m«deep rinSlP* but '»'*» co»ld not lind out where it was. and imagined it mutt have irisen out of the feeble brain ot Borne storekeeper wthe only hole that had any gold worth ,,Kn nn^fin tfFM?* waliidVquartcr ofan ranee of gold out of 11 tubs of stuff, equivalent to ibont a load. The tents now were very thick, and ray attention beino nttr«rf.wi i-» n.» „'':''.' fryingpan, and seeing a man with a regular Ynnkeo hai onvw,lt£ red shirt aml lo»B boots, and tho substantial fact of his having a Let legaita tho Sl'jI^^g^^^'w'^onthdtlhadatSS found put a lucky digger. There were KcvcraY others with him round a Liming fire. He told me that his party had sunk many holes with no succeRs On approaching Petticoat-lane -a narrow lanoof calico tents for stores and public-houscs-1 met one party Who told me they were satisfied, as they could earn a pound a day. The principal told nie that they could not wash for want of water, but what ^??'MJ done had paid them well. He informed me that his claim was a wile up the gully Now it is a peculiar fact that near the head of this gully U a line a little above the UommUsloner' * the men appear to have payable holes. At that portion of the cully surface quartz cropa out. ainhMrOnr£ear.tlmt Point the gof.l appears to be so lightly diflused as to be unpayable. The appear ance of the wash-dirt is good, consisting of pipeclay and gravel which is easily workable. In and on the side of the crest of the lulls the wash-dirt is precisely like other auriferous hillb-a conclome lated mass, which is difficult to work, and will not pay under £2 per load, for two men could not get more than a load per diem. You can act the colour wherever you sink; but, as fur us my my observation goes, it will not bear the shadow of a comparison with a Victorian gold fleld. I peeped into the publiu-houscH in Petticoat, lane. Ihere appeared no rowdyism ; all wan quiet and orderly- oo uuiut in iiiy humble opinion or a profitable goM-fiefd. Hundreds of diners left on J-.nday, and it was ivahctcd that in another fort night very few would I* there. 1 may menUon hat the number of licences issue.!, according to the numtrtjr in the head of my miner^ r luhl iS nearly 4 wo. independent of whidi there are it least a thousand without licences. NpV if yX wil split thu amount of gold raise! PafoJXJ between Barossa and Jupiter, it will not. as far as jnich will not leave two pennyweights per man since the commencement of the dicamas '' . A worker on the ground, in a letter dated ?-! »h '^ fro'-n the ccntral Part «f the dSu washing-stun. He is convinced 'tha n'f U pays now to wash with the water being used the eitn quantity of fine gold obtainciT would more thX w2 ?h.h'\lie, then .advocates the use of tu$ **' *h.e cost «f expcriihenting with which would fm, V? ». 'Ir- value' an(l P°8iiil)l)' lead to their adop lion hi the interior, and result in the opening up of Patlj-'8.Parts regarded as dry and useless. lie says 'If the Government do not do something in the matter the Barossa etar will have a downward tendency until the return of winter. It would be a Pity, in the prea-nt financial position of the colony iorthe want of the expenditure of a few pounds! to leave for nine months buried in the earth the amount of wealth that there undoubtedly is here! I refrain from making uny remarks an the pros! pects of the dipginKs, as you are informed of their progress from bo many who are in a better jmsition of seeing the results . f many of the parties' day's work, on whose testimony you can rely ' On Wednesday our Uawler letter 'says --'A German showed to-day 1 lb. weight of' gold obtained m his share of the results of nine days' labour at Barossa Diggings.' . -.1. it , Aubum, October 20. As with other township?, the general topic is— How about the divings? are you going? and what do you think concerning them?' Some m may be supposed, have that peculiarly hopeful diseaw, the yellow fever, and are on thefuirire to be off. while many have gone to give tl.em a fai? trial: but having returned say the gold-field! doubtless are payable if plenty of water was ol Z £ m «b?i-ln the PT?*ent Btale the-- ''* unless to a go d-fie Id s population. It certainly is a good th?n5 that water is not at present obtainable, for hay and wheat harm coming on rapidly it would throw South Australia back to a considerable extent tor, as may be supposed, every working man will take put a claim in a speculation which will very cer my ,K Payable when in the wet nea£on times are dull, farm work scarce, arid petitions to Parlia ment for work for the working classes numerous. It must therefore be consideredthat 'all's veil thai 