PARRAMATTA. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] EXTENSIVE AND DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. -The evil effects of the terribly lengthy drought we have been suffering throughout the spring and early summer have begun to be more painfully felt than ever. Not only have cereal, root, and fruit crops been ruined by the want of water, but almost the last straw that breaks the camel's back has just been added in the shape of de- vastating bush-fires. Sunday last was a day of no small excitement to the town and district. Heavy volumes of smoke were to be seen in many directions betokening the havoc that was being wrought, and during the afternoon and evening the fire-bell rang out its startling alarm. At one time there were no less than fifteen dis- tinct bush fires blazing in different parts of the surround- ing district. From our personal observation during the raging of the fires in some parts, and from the reports reaching us from other portions, we glean tho following particulars :-During the early part of Sunday, smoke was seen in large volumes rolling in from the westward, and the fire was evidently being driven rapidly along by the strong westerly wind then prevailing. The fire sprang up on the north side of the railway line between Fairfield and Parramatta Junction, and sweeping across the line to the south side, at the back of Vauxhall, threatened Woodside, the residence of Judge Meymott, with destruction. When Judge Meymott returned from morning service, he found his premises in imminent danger-at one time the fire was within twenty yards of the house, and it required the utmost efforts of the Judge and his domestics to beat back the flames in the face of the fierce wind blowing them onward. As it was, the fire swept across one corner of the orchard, scorching about 100 valu- able fruit trees and narrowly missing the gardener's house. Had it not been that a bush fire, which occurred on Fri- day, the 20th instant, had cleared away most of the more dangerous undergrowth and dry wood in front of Wood- side, there is little doubt that the entire property would have been destroyed on the present occasion. From Woodside the fire spread out and proceeded with wonderful rapidity towards the Dogtrap Road, threatening the residence of Mr. Moore. Here, by the exertions of the household and several neighbours, the fences were pulled down and the fire beaten back; but a strict watch had to be kept throughout tho remainder of the day, as the flames every now and then burst forth afresh. It was at first thought that the break occurring at the Dogtrap Road would stay tho progress of the fire, but the wind proved too strong, and the flames dashed across the road in a line of fire nearly half a mile in length. Mr. Castner's large nursery and dwelling house were next placed in jeopardy, but prompt measures were taken to avert any calamity. A cordon of men with boughs was drawn in front of the endangered spots, and, by occasional vigorous onslaughts, the flames were beaten off. Meanwhile, the vast body of fire was swooping down towards the Parramatta Junction ; the fire-bell was rung, and the brigade turned out and proceeded with their engine to the junction. The Minister for Works, being apprised of the danger, also hastened to the scene. On the arrival of the engine, it was discovered to be useless, owing to the want of water; but Mr. Cross, the station- master, together with his subordinates, had already, by dint of great exertions, turned the flames from the station. By these efforts, the station-house and platform were un- doubtedly saved. The entire means employed was the primitive, but withal effective, method of bough- beating. As an instance of how close the fire was to the Junction platform, it may be mentioned that that the grass along the top of the embankment was burnt close to the walls of the house, and a pile of sleepers, a little further off (rendered as' inflammable as torchwood by age and the recent dry, weather, was blazing in a solid cube of fire ten or twelve feet square. From the Junction, checked but not subdued, the fire swept down the line towards Sydney, burning part of tho railway fence and destroying several telegraph posts. At the back of the Junction the land known as the Drainwell Estate has been scathed, and numerous sur-, rounding allotments have come in for their share of the evil. At 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon it was impossible to see more than a hundred yards from the Junction, so dense was the smoke pouring past. At Mr. John Lackey's, on the Dog-Trap Road, the flames destroyed part of the. orchard fence, and threatened the homestead. Through the exertions of Mr. Lackey and his employees, the fire was prevented from catching a shed, where fifteen tons of hay were stored, and which was only separated from the fire by a narrow roadway. But the south side of Parra- matta was not the only district that suffered. On the west, or Domain side, the fire attacked tho property of Mr. Houison, and destroyed the fences of several paddocks. On tho north side the damage done was con- siderable. Here the fire sprang up in the bush near Mr. Mason's orchard, on the north side of the Pennant Hills Road. It then crossed that road and attacked the bush adjoining Mr. Hackett's residence, and burning portions of the fences "Oatlands," the property of Mrs. Bettington, was next assailed by the flames, and the dwelling-house had a very narrow escape. The fire here destroyed a considerable quantity of fencing round the paddocks and vineyard, and slightly injured some of the vines themselves. It then proceeded in an easterly direction for about two miles to "Adderton," the property of the Hon. Robert Towns, where the back bush was speedily a mass of raging flame. Two huts were destroyed whilst tho occu- pant was away at church, and the devouring element next fastened on tho haysheds, and made short work of from 50 to 60 tons of hay, tho property of Messrs. Manning and Fleming, who lease the property. The dwelling-house was now in imminent peril, and the inmates speedily removed as much furniture and effects as possible ; but by tho help of neighbours the flames were at last beaten off after coming close enough to burn tho woodwork of the tank in the yard and to destroy three pigs. At nightfall, the breeze slackened, but the flames were still observed showing out luridly in different parts of the horizon. On Monday, the strong westerly wind of the previous day sprang up again, and at the moment we dispatch this the bush fires are still raging. Great fears are entertained by the inhabitants along tho Kissing Point road, as there appears to be no immediate hope of the flames abating. FIRE AT BAULKHAM HILLS.-At ten o'clock on Sunday night, the news reached Parramatta that a fire had broken out at Baulkham Hills. Tho fire-bells were promptly rung, and the engine promptly despatched, but, owing to tho delay in procuring horses, it was some time before the fire brigade reached the scene of danger. The fire occured on the premises kept by Mrs. Ireland and known as the Horse and Jockey Inn, at tho Cross Roads, three miles from Parramatta. The stables, shed, coach house, and other out-buildings, were destroyed, but tho arrival and exertions of the fire brigade prevented tho flames from reaching the main building. Five tons of hay, together with tho out- buildings, were also destroyed. Tho origin of the fire is not known, but there is no reason to suspect that it arose in any way from the surrounding bush fires. TESTIMONIAL TO THE KEV. R. L. KINO.-A testir moninl and nddresB are to bo presented to this reverend gentleman on Tuesday evening, tho 31et Instant, by mera tors of the congregation ho is about to lonvo. The high respect entertained for Mr. King has caused tho subscrip- tions and signatures to bo largo and numerous. F"urther particulars will be forwarded after the presentation. THE HEHALD.-Tho announced reduotion in tho price of tho Herald has caused general satisfaction in Parramatta. There will now be no excuse for tho very provalent custom of " borrowing the paper for ten minuteB." Mr. Brown will, it is hoped, be tree from tho daily solicitations of Mr Smith, and Messrs. Jones and Robincon will feel far moro independent of each other if they refrain for the future from the annoying system referred to. 