MELBOURNE, v . December, 15^ 8'SO a.m. Messrs. Dalmahoy Campbell and Co. report Prime beef, seventeen shillings and sixpence to twenty shillings. per hun dred pounds. Best shorn wethors, seven shillings "to niue shillings ; ditto ewes, five shil lings to six shilling a'ai o'-iyjunce. CROWDED OUT.-In consequence of a pres sure of advertisements, wo .are compelled to hold* over an article on " Free Selection 011 the Murrumbidgee," anil two letters on the Mechanics' Institute, for our next issue. THE TURF Or.uis.-The annual general meeting of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club was held at the Australian on \Vednesday evening, Mr. Gormley in the chair. There was a very small attendance, and the proceedings were of little or no public interest. .Several accounts were passsed, and a report read, from which it appeared that improvements had been made during the year to the extent of .£120, and the debt reduced by about £50. A new committee was chosen for the year, and a sub-committee appointed to arrange for the re-leasing of the race- course. Several new members having been elected, the meet ing closed. XIXE WEATHER.-The hot weather has at last set in with a vengeance. Wednesday and Thursday last were the two hottest days we have hail since this time last year, and the fewer we have like them the better. On Wednesday allot wind blew all day, scorching as a furnace blast, and falling at night to a sultry calm. The heat was almost stifling, lowlying black clouds covered the heavens, and vivid lightning flashed from all points of the compass. Suddenly a mighty wind arose, hot as a breath from Hades, and bearing with it huge clouds of dust, adding darkness even to night. For a few moments there was a hope of rain,-it did rain, we hear, heavily between this and Urana, but only a drop or two were vouchafedus, and presently the air was as still and as stifling as ever. To sleep was impossible, all that could be done was to gasp and pray for morning. The morning came, but brought no relief. The hot wind sprung up more furious than ever, continued all day, and it was not until even ing that a sudden change to the South mercifully relieved our sufferings, and allowed ns gradually to cool down. BUSH-FIRE.-A bush-fire that at the time threatened to do a serious amount of damage, broke out about 12 o'clock on Thursday night, on the hill at the rear of the Farmers' Home. The fire commencing, we believe, on the western side of the hill, and spread with great rapidity _in the direction of the cemetery. The glare was soon noticed, and several people, both from the town and the neighbouring farms were quickly on the spot and did their utmost to arrest tho pro gress of the flames. From tho length and dryness of tho grass this was a matter of some difficulty, and for some time it seemed that nothing could save either the cemetery or the fine wheat crops ao the foot of the hill. Fortunately, tho wind which had been very high all day had greatly subsided, and after a hard struggle the fire was at last subdued. It continued smouldering, how ever, during the greater part of yesterday, owing to the quantity of dry timber, and had to be carefully watched for fear of a fresh outbreak. Almost tho whole hill was swept by the flames. Dr. Morgan's paddock also suffered severely, and a good deal of fencing on Mr. Baylis's farm was destroyed. The origin of tho fire is, we believe, unknown. As the first fire of a season which threatens to be rather a prolific one in this respect it should be a caution against carelessness oil the part of smokers, sports men, travellers, and others who may certainly bo desoribed as the dangerous classes in such a country and such a season as the present. SERIOUS ASSULT.-An assault of rather an aggravated character was committed on Wednesday night last, on a Mrs. Smith by her son-in-law, one Ingram. Ingram is said to have gone to Mrs Smith's house, drunk, when a general row seems to have ensued, in the course of which the woman received what she imagined was a stab with a knife, in the upper part of the left arm. The wonndwas deep and excessively painful, and Mrs. Smith was taken to Dr. Lyons to have it attended to. On probing tho wound the Doctor discovered some hard foreign sub stance deeply imbedded in the muscles of the arm. As the extraction of this substance involved rather a serious operation, it being necessary to cut down to it through the flesh and muscles, the presence of another medical man was thought desirable, and accordingly Dr. Large was called in, with whose assis tance Dr. Lyons extracted from the wound, not as he expected from the woman's story a broken knife-blade, but two long, sharp pieces of wood, one of them at least a couple of inches in length, and tho other which was resting on tho bone about, an inch. _ The woman at the end of the operation fainted, but is now rapidly recovering from the effects of her wound. A warrant has been issued against Ingram, LAND OFFICE.-The following selections have been made Sarah Kennedy, Berry Jerry, 320 acres; Donald Cameron, ditto, 10G acres ; Ewen Cameron, ditto, 137 acres; John Adolphus Manton, Grubben, 40 acres ; Alfred Rossiter, Six-mile Springs, 40 acres. RESERVES REVOKED.-Murrumbidgee dis trict :-Counties of Wakool and Caira, at tho junction of the Wakool and Edward Rivers, os square miles. The Crown Lands within that portion of reserve No. 193 notified 2!)th December, 18(55 ; that portion of reserve Ho. SI from sale until surveyed for water supply or other public purposes, Lachlan district, county of Clarendon, notified in Government Gazette on the 22nd December, 1835, included in portion 16 of 512 acres, parish of Bilda. RESERVE FROM SALE AND LEASE.-The fol lowing laud has been reserved from sale or lease, for the purpose of water supply: Lachlan district, county of Waradgery, Woolooiulool Run, on the road from Hay to Booligal, 159 acres 1 rood. ELECTION NEWS.-Ac Braid wood, on Tues day, Kelly's mob surrounded the two polling booths, maltreating and preventing Grevillo's supporters from voting. The Deputy Returning Officer closed one booth. Grcville's return is expected.-The Hon. S. Samuel met the electors at tho Court-house, Orange, on Tuesday. The meeting was crowded. The chair was occupied by A. Kerr, Esq., J. P., and tho candidate was most enthusiasti cally receivod. After tho termination of his address, a motion was carried to tho effect that Mr. Samuel was a fit and proper person to represent the electorate.-A public meet ing of the electors of the Lachlan electorate was held at the Court-house, Burrowa, on Tuesday evening, and was a complete success. Tho entire meeting, with the exception of seven individuals, declared itself in favour of Mr. W. B. Dalley. A drunken rowdy in tho Watson interest caused some confusion, but ?was soon put aside by the police. Mn Butm:P. ON* TUB LAND LAW. - The party of progress m. the lmttc.r of Land Law Amendment, have receive 1 :v strong accea-' siou to their ranks in the pardon of;-;Miv Edwarrl Butler, the wcll-knniv-n barrister;*< -who was returned unnvipisod. for Argylo on Tuesday last. The folio-,vine; oxtract from ? the learned gentleman'a sneach is taken from the Goidbiirn Herald had said that lie was in favour of a reduction of the price of I the: land.-- (Cheers.) Ha said this bac.ttise | lie consider edthe presentprice almost against I reason. They had ' instances before them ever^r day tovshow that lands with sub stantial improvements'0:1 them would "not .realise'.£1 per acre; and yet thai*-system prescribed £1 per apre us tli'e price bnlow. which no laud.^ivH ua'sold. " This had tlie't effect of- keeping away population. Every writer on political economy told them that the land was valueless until population was settled-upon it. If they could get a proper population it would lie almost better to give the land away; and then with the great in crease of population there would bo ample room for raising by taxation revenue suffi cient for all the purposes of government. However, such a scheme as this would be here unsuitable for various reasons; and what they should do would be to try to get the price of land lowered. There scenic-1. be some sort of attraction n'mut a freehold, tli«t -S oikhi as a TOan obtained possession of it lie be<*an to improve it. And he was not benefitting only himself by doing this, be cause he began to expend money which went to others. For the benefit of the people who want to settle on the laud-for the benefit of people who want employment-let them try to rcduee the price of land. In a great many parts of the country both squatters and everybody else would be benefitted by being able to purchase freeholds ; and when freeholds had been generally secured they would possess what is the strength of every country-a population fixed to the soil. (Cheers.) It was a question of detail what the price should be reduced to. He was himself of opinion that it should not be more than 10s. an acre ; and if lie could see his way clear he would make it still less. Then again lie would have free selections of every size. But he would take care that that should not take place which. Mr. Wentworth had described as picking out the eyes of the country. He would have it so arranged that purchasers should take their lands in blocks and with the reservation that the Govern ment might re-adjust the water-frontages. Let a man take up a large freehold ; but ho would take care that he took the bad land with, the good. He would take care that there should be no land-jobbing. Care should be taken that the men who bought land should be bona-fide settlers upon it. (Cheere.) What would thoy then have? Now they had their young men thrusting themselves on the professions, on the banks, and, as he had been well reminded by one of the local papers, on the public service of the colony. How much better it would be for one of these young men if-his" fatllerPwlio perhaps has plenty of money in tho bank, bought a fine freehold and put him on it to work for himself like a man. (Cheers.) He would take care to prevent .monopoly, that the land should be so selected that the ?water-frontages should be generally available, and that the freeholds were bona-fide. He would let a man, with these restrictions, make purchases of any size, even to a hundred thousand acres. He would make him pay for it, of course : and they would have very few laying out fifty thousand pounds in the purchase of Crown lands. But it would pay a man to take up ten. thousand acre3 or five thousand acrcs ; and it would be a pleasant thing to many a man to be able to bring up his family on his own estate." Home-made Sitoar.-As a fact encourg ing to farmers we (Macleuy Herald) vnay state that on Wednesday last we liad left .at our officc a sample of very good table sugar, made by Mr. Julian, of Christmas Creek, in a very rustic kind of way. The cane was crushed between Wo rollers of his own manufacture, worked by a boras, and the syrup boiled in two galvanized iron tubs. In all Mr. Julian has made, wo understand over 2 cwt of sugar by this method, from plant cane, twelve months' old, of the ribbon variety. He believes ho could .manufacture as mucli as 1 cwt of sugar per diem in this way. _ The article was not centrifugaled, but notwithstanding, it is worth about 4d, or 4.{.d. per lb. retail, and various quantities have been disposed of to the farmers resi dent in the neighbourhood. If the settlers of this district took a leaf out of Mr. Julian's book they would in tho course of a year save a considerable item of expenditure, as well as have the pleasure of using an article of their own manufacture. THE WrLLiAnrs ELECTORATE.-It is reported in the N'eiocasllc Chronicle that Mr. W. H. Mullens intends to contest the repre sentation of this electorate with Mr. J. R. Nowlan. Mr. F. Isr. O'Brien, one of tho defeated candidates for ?Northumberland, has also gone up to test tho feeling of the electors in his own favour. 