j THE COLONIAL MONTHLY, This popular magazino commences the new year with an excellent number, which introduces a new contributor in the author of a very pleasantly-written sketch, entitled "A Cruise in a Coaster." Tho writer adventurously sot sail for tho west coast of New Zealand, some weeks ago, in a small schooner, and though his adven, ture seems to have been attended With no little discomfort, and even hardship, ho wont through with it in so manly and cheerful a spirit as to find health and enjoyment in an cxperienco that would havo been positive misery to tho average city man. The little sketch will bo read with pleasure by most people, and to sea-loving boys it will prove a spocial treat. The continued talo entitled " Graves by the Willows" is concluded' in the number before us, and ends, as waa to' have boen ox pected, in tho tragic deaths of the occupants of the graves referred to in the titto. The gallant Captain Pengclly porishes in a bush- fire that had boon raised by the craay ruffian Douglas, and' his wife soon after dios of a broken heart. This little story is not want- ing in merit, though tho writer has shown a greater anxiety to render it racy o& tho soil than ability to carry out tho intention. The Scotch introduced, wo may remark, is simply execrable An articlo entitlod " My Friond'a House," is a somewhat rhapsodical description of a suburban villa,. The remaining papers comprise a continua- tion of "Cicada?," "Rights and Liberties," and somo chapters of "Long Odds." In the latter considerable progress is made with the action of tho tale, and tho author ends with' a very strong situation, which' must pioduco great results in the next chapter. DcsortcoV by her husband, and beset by tho iusidiou» attentions of Dacrc, poor Carry has so farr committed herself as to visit a theatre with tho latter, alono and surroptitiouslyt and on her return to her own house is just about to receive a declaration from hor com- panion when lier husband' suddenly appoars on tho scone. The wonderful horso "Cardi. nal," too, grows into increased importance, by reason ot his excellent performances on the training-ground, and there seoms to be some hopo that ho will right much that is wrong in tho affairs of Mr. Calvcrly by pulling off the races for which he is entered. The dialogue of this story continues to bo very smartly written, and tho reader will ofton find himself puzzled to make out how a colonial author comes to bo so thoroughly \crscd in tho follies and vices of London swells. " Rights and Liberties " is the ono political article in the number, and in it some of tho evils of our political systom aro ably exposed. The principal aim of the writer is to show that true liberty is liberty assured by law, and that a solf-respocting and enlightonod people will bo extromcly zoalous in assorting their lights, and very slow to solicit favours from Govomment. The presont adminis- tration of the Land Act, the stopping of the Sunday tiains on tho state railways, * and the preventing of lottories and radies (for benevolent purposes) which the courts had decided to bo no infringement of the law, arc cited by the writor as instances of aggres- sion upon tho liberties of the people, and encroachments on tho trtto principles of go- vernment, that would bo resented by the people if they were not satisfied with the nomo of freedom and neglectful of its sub- stance. This articlo contains much that tho Victoiiatt democrat might study with great advantage. The illustration to the number represents the sceno with which tho month's contribu- tion to "Long Odds" closes, and is by Mr. T. Carrington. _ 