l u t c g t MINISTERIAL.—It is reported that a circular, bearing the signature of several of the senior members of the House of Assembly, has been issued calling a meeting for an early day to coneider the be^t course to be pursued in the present state of public affairs. THE SPEAKER'S DINNER.—Invitations are our for the Speaker's usual Parliamentary dinner for December 2. AURIFEROUS QUARTZ.—We have this morning been shown some fine specimens of gold-bearing quartz, in which tbe precious metal is plainly yisible to th? naked eye, while an ordinary glass reveals clusters of rich specks in the crevices. The discoverer, a gentleman whose word would readily be accepted, assures us that there is abundance of similar stuff, not all as rich, where theses amplee were obtained; but he, of course, declines to give publicity to the locality, distance, or direction, till he has looked after and secured his own interests. In a few days more will be known on the subject. MUNICIPAL.—The nominations of the Mayor and Councillors for the city and several other Municipalities took place to-day at noon, and particulars will be found in another cpliupp. SOIBEE.—The first half-yearly soiree of the Pulteney-Btreet School Elocution Class will take place this evening in the schoolroom. The entertainment will consist of music, readings, and recitations. GAWLER WARD.—We have been requested to direct attention to an adveitisement in another column, convening a meeting of the supporters and friends of Mr. C. E. Tidemann at the " Royal Hotel," Hindley-street. Through an accidental error this morning the " Royal Oak" was given as the p}ace of meeting. ON£ HPNQRED POUNDS PRIZE TALE..—The first prize of £100 offered by the United Kingdom Band of Hope Unjon fpr the best (ale or tales illustrating the evils of drinikipg habits and the benefit of total abstinence, especially for the young, was gained by the Rev. T. P. Wilson, formerly of Braz»nose Collece. Oxford, since Head-Master of ST. Peter's College, Adelaide, and now of Smethcote Rectory, Shropshire. There were 84 competitors. The title-of the successful taleis "Frank Hatfield." TBE RAINFALL.—The rainfall between 9 a,m. on Thursday and the same hour this morning has been registered #s follows :— Adelaide... Gawler ... Tanunda... Kapunda... Wallaroo... Melrose ... Mbunt "Bajfcer Willunga,,. 0'030 I Nornjanyille ... O'l'SO I Port Elliot 0 0251 Goolwa 0-120 0*020 0-070 p-oao 6-QI5 McGrath's Flat.. Robe Town Mount Gambier Gutii$racha 0-010 0-087 0 070 0*020 0-040 0030 0-050 THE MAYORALTY.—In reference to our notice of the meeting at the National Hotel on Wednesday evening Mr. J. Macdonald—being the Macdonald referred to—has called upon us to state that he pas npt convinced''by Mr. Fuller " that he had asserted what was not correct," and also that there was no "crossrftring-"' between him and Mr. Tunbridge, inasmuch as they were both on ope pide, "CRUDE AND HASTY LEGISLATION."—Whilst the House of Assembly rushes Important Bills through their principal stageB with railway speed, the Legislative Council is performing its functions in checking hasty legislation. The Assembly occasionally " loses a day" by talking by the yard, and then with h?4 r i au li jC pregsurp forces the husjnesg of an hour into the space of a few minutes, as it afraid to do any more mischief. The result hag been that important Bills haye bepp sent up (or down) to the Council which require many hours of patient consideration in Committee to put them into anything like proper form. Some of these Bills will be returned to the Assembly with veiy long schedules of amendments. THE REPRESENTATION OF WEST TOBRENS.—A motion is now before the House of Assembly for granting leave of ahsence to Mr. G. T. Bean, M.P., until the end of the session. The debate on this proposition has been adjourned for a few days to enable the people of West Torrens to express their opinion upon the question, if they feel so inclined. THE MAYORALTY.—A meeting of the friends and supporters of Mr. H. R. Fuller took place at Waldt's National Hotel, Pirie-street, on Wednesday evening, 24th instant, about 120 being present. Mr. J. N. Perry presided. Discussion resulted in a resolution being carried that the meeting be an open one. Mr. Elliot: proposed Mr. H. R. Fuller. Mr. Daniels seconded. Mr. H. Tunbridge proposed Mr. J. M. Solomon. Mr. T. Macdonald seconded, and Mr. M. Alexander supported the amendment. Messrs. Ellis, J. Daniels, and Campion spoke in favour of the proposition. Mr. Fuller here came forward and replied to some statements reflecting on his conduct ?s a gentleman made by Mr. Macdonald, the seconder of the amendment. Having convinced that gentleman that he had asserted what was not correct, he stated he would not say anything in reference to the business of the meeting unless Mr. Solomon was there also, and he would not take any undue advantage of that gentleman. Theshowofhands appeared to be rat her in favour of the amendment. A division was called for, when the Chairman decided the numbers to be about eoual. The meeting, which on the whole was an oraerly one, though at times made warm by the crocsfiring between Messrs Tunbridge and Macdonald, was brought to a close about half-past 9. Immediately after the meeting to discuss the Mayoralty had finished, another to discuss the election of Councillor for Hindtnarsh Ward took place, Mr. J. N. Perry being again voted to the Qhair. Mr. Vaughan proposed Mr. Hince as the most suitable person for Councillor for Hindmarsh Ward. Mr. Elliott seconded. There being no amendment, aDd no other candidate proposed, Mr. Hince, who was in the room, addressed the meeting at some length. The proposition wf.s declared carried unaninjously. GREY WARD ELECTION.—An election meeting took place at the Wakefield Hotel on Thursday evening, November 25; Mr. R. O. Fox in the chair. It was proposed by Mr. Vou Einen, and seconded by Mr. D. O'Leary, that Dr, Spicer was a fit and proper person to act as Councillor for Grey Ward An amendment was proposed by Mr. D. Young, and seconded by Mr. Hallet, that Mr. Pink was a more fit and proper person. Both candidates addressed the meeting, expressing their views upon the municipal affairs likely to ensage the attention of the Corporation during the next year. The propositions were then put, and the Chairman declared that Dr. Spicer had the majority. A call was made for a division, but the Chairman refused to comply with it, ^hd the meeting broke up amidst PTeat confusion. After this a meeting of Mr. Wm. rink's friends took place, and a Committee to secure his return was formed. LIKE A WATERSPOUT.—Between Angaston and Flaxman's Valley, about noon on Tuesday, there was a very heavy fall of rain, resembling a water, spout. In violence and suddenness it surpassed anything of the kind remembered by the oldest guttlers. The fall was so violent that it completely swept the grass from off the hill sides, leaving the ground as bare and brown as if a bushfire bad passed over it, and in appearance much resembled burnt ground, when viewed at a short distance off. In a few hours about two inches of rain fell, causipg the Qawler Riv-er to overflow its hanks in that short time, notwithstanding that the river was a most dry before, and had beeu nothing more than a chain of ponds all through the winter. The floods have carried away in the district large quantities of hay and fencing, and several outnouses, and great damage has been done to the pasture and crops. HURRICANE AT KEHSBBOOK.—Quite a hurricane passed, on November 23, over Kersbrook. The wind blew fiercely, uprooted and broke down small and great gum-trees, and scattered limbs and branches in every direction. Many roads are impassable, and damage has been done to fenceB and gardens. Fruit-trees are split and torn, parts of roofs of houses have been blown off, straw' thatphed cottages bad their roofs blown to pieces, 3iid the wind nad scarcely ceased when the rain came in torrents. In a short timfe the place was flooded, the water rising high in some of the houses, and potatoes were in patches washed away with the soil. FLOODS IN THE NORTH.—The subjoined telegram from t)ie Stationma$ter at Melrose, to the Superintendent, was posted at the Exchange on Thursday afternoon:—" I have obtained the following report from the mail-driver:—'Raining at Biinman. Thunderstorm and heavy rain at Wilpena; country become flooded. Managed to cross creeks pretty well untii coming to Kanyaka, where the creek was impassable, and bad to swim mails over. At WDlochra roads still worse; country all under water,'" THE IMPORTED ENTIRES.—On Thursday morning a number of gentlemen paid a visit to the Orient to get sight of Mr. Gerrard's splendid imported sires Talk of the Bills, Tregeagle, and Union Jack. They have arrived in excellent health and condition. and Mr. Jordan has been warmly compliment on his judgment in selecting so safe-carrying 9pd suitable a yesgel 5s the Orient to bring them out. Mr. E. M. Basot's is also a splendid horse of tbe Suffolk Punch breed. The three entires will be brought to town this morning, but are not to be exhibited until after to-day. They will remain in Adelaide a very short time, leavini afterwards for Mr. Gerrard's stud farm at Rapid Bay. USE OF LEMONS.—When persons are feverish and thirsty beyond what is natural, indicated in some cases by a metallic taste in the mouth, especially after drinking water, or by a whitish appearance of the greatest part of tbe tongue, one of the best "coolers," internal or external, is to take a lemon, cut off the top, sprinkle over it some loaf sugar, working it down into the lemon with a spoon, and then suck it slowly, squeezing the lemon, and adding more sugar as the acidity increases, from being brought up from a lower point. Invalids with feverishness may take two or three lemons a day in this manner, with the most marked benefit, manifested by a sense of coolness, comfort, and invigoration. A lemon or two thus taken at tea-time, as an entire substitute for the ordinary supper of summer, would give many 3 one a comfortable night's sleep, and an awakening of rest and invigoration, with an appetite for breakfast, to which they are strangers who will have their cup of tea and hearty supper. PAPER AS A MATERIAL FOR CLOTHING. —We have most of us seen or heard of paper—or rather paper-faced—collars; but it is not generally known that the use of the same material has now been extended to less prominent but more impor tant garments. It must be premised that the paper used for these is of great strength and flexibility, and can be sewn with a machine giving seams almost as strong as a woven fabric. For this reason the inventor has particularly applied it to the production of petticoats, which are either printed in imitation of the fashionable skirts of the day, or Btamped out with open work of such beauty and delicacy as no amount of labour with scissors and needle could imitate. The marvel is that these really beautiful productions can be sold retail at sixpence eaph. Another use to which the paper is applied is the production of imitation cretonnes and chintzes for bed furniture, a set costing retail about five shillings. The material of which these are composed is so flexible that a curtain may be twisted into a rope and shaken out again, showing as little creasing as a chinte similarly treated. White day covers for beds, and tablecloths embossed with designs of great beauty, will doubtless attract much notice, in fact, it is impossible to look at them, and consider their cheapness without thinking that this "felted" paper may in the end have a serious influence on the production of the woven fabrics it is intended to displace. The list of articles for which it is employed does not end with those we have enumerated. Imitation leather made impermeable to water makes a cheap and useful covering for furnitjire, and even serves for shoes. Altogether, this new material seems likely to start a new apa important branch of industry.—Globe. An Irish juror having applied to the Judge to be excused from serving on account of deafness, the Judge said. " Could you hear my charge to the Jury. Sir?" "Yes, I heard your Honor's charge," said Paddy, "but I couldn't make any sense out of it." He was excused. That theatrical kind of virtue vphicfy requires publicity tor i£s stage and an applauding people for its audience, could net be depended on in the secrecy of solitude or the retirement of a desert. At a party given by a great banker, who had made millions on Government securities and the like, a Iadv wit pointed out to her companion, also a banner, the wife of the host, remarking, "whata splendid creature! She ought to be a Countess." •• Qb, yes; beautiful and clever enough;" was the reply: "butperhaps she prefers to be a discountess." A good old Quaker Jady, after listening to the extravagant yarn of a shopkeeper as long as her patience would allow, said to him, " Friend, what a pity it is a sin to lie, when it seems so necessary to thy happiness." 