NEWS AND NOTES. A great many reports are current just now aa to the real causes of the sudden dismissal of Mr Warden Sherard. Persons supposed to have private informa tion from the Ministry go about shaking their heads in a mysterious manner, and if we were to give credit for all that is said, and half that is hinted, we should be compelled to believe that Mr Sherard has been guilty of some very terrible and hitherto concealed crime. Naturally, we are reluctant to canvass the private affairs of a gentleman, even though he belongs to the unhappy class of civil-servants, but full justice cannot now be done unless we do so. The friends of the Ministry, at least such of its friends as aro pre pared to believe that whatever is, is right, have been very busy during the last few days in a semi-public fashion, and their statements have been so freely made that the whole of the facts ipust be stated, in order that the public may be in n position to judge fairly of the [action taken by the Ministry in this particular case. We have learned that some time ago a busy body sent word to the Minister of Justice that there was in the sheriff's office here a judgment against Mr Sherard, and that the Minister of Justice instituted some enquiries into the matter. Mr Sherard explained that though the judgment was against him, as stated, it bore on its face a virtual cancellation, as he had made arrange ments to pay it off by monthly instalments. Hearinc no more of the matter, Mr Sherard, we believe, con sidered that there wis an end of it, and took no further steps to satisfy the judgment, as he would have done had the Government raised any objection. But sub sequent events show that the Government had viewed this affair in a very serious light, and had resolved, without warning, without requiring further explana tion, or leaving, as the lawyers say, a locus pcnitenlice, to expel him from the service. We have reason to know that nothing is alleged against Mr Sherard beyond what we have stated. It is admitted that his duties have been efficiently performed, that he has the confidence of the public, and that ho has the large experience without which such confidence is not likely to be deserved or given. We must say that to us the punishment seems to be out of all proportion to the offence. Surely, the Ministry cannot pre tend that' it is a public duty to dismiss an old and most efliciei)t public servant because he is embarrassed in his pecuniary affairs, without at least giving fair notice that retrenchment must be carried out by all branches of the service. But even if we take the very worst view of the case, if we give credence to the many idle reports which have been put into circulation, if we admit that the very strpjigest aspect of the case as stated by the friends of the Ministry is true, even then only a case for re moval, and net dismissal, is made out. But we see no evidence in support of even a removal. It is undesirable, of course, that public officers should be embarrassed, but on this very delicate point great caution ought to be shown, or gross injustice may be done. How, Mi' Sherard as a useful public servant, as a warden who cannot well be spared, was en titled at least to the small consideration, if he had offended, of having time to get rid of the cause of offence. If it has been determined by the Ministry that no officer having a judgment against him shall be allowed to remain jn the public service, surely fair warning ought to be given, so that civil servants may know the conditions which they are expected to fulfil. Otherwise, dismissal is not an act pf justice, but an act of tyranny. It is an exercise of power which all impartial persons will regard as harsh in the extreme, and which must have a baneful effect on the estima tion in which the public service is held. Surely some thing is due to long service. Surely, efficiency, acknowledged uprightness in the fulfilment of public duties, and long yeara of useful work shoald not be annulled by the mere fact of a man's being indebted somewhat beyond his means. We might retort, were it worth while to do so, but we do not wish to deal with this matter as opposing the Ministry, but only as opposing an act which savors so much of a harsh and unthinlung exercise of power. Public opinion has already been strongly shown, and we are quite sure that the facts which we now state will only confirm the views which were expressed at the public meeting last night. Mr John Cornish, the hero of the late case of jump ing a portion of the Railway Reserve, appeared on summons before the District Court yesterday, at the instance of the Secretary for Railways, charged with wilful trespass, Mr Cuthbert appeared for the com plainant, and Mr Lewis far the defendant, Several other houses are on the reserve land, and in conse quence the bench inflicted a fine of £25, to be re duced to Is if the cause of action be removed within fourteen days. The defendants, hearing that Mr Irwin had his hotel on the reserve as a tenant-at-will, spoke of communicating with the Hon. C. E. Jones on the subject of being allowed to romain, and be removed, with their substantial buildings, at any moment, in the same manner. "We reported an accident in our Tuesday's issue, in which it was stated that a man, who was taken to the district hospital, ha4 had his foot injured in trying to stop one of Messrs Magills and Coghlan's waggons on the Melbourne road. We have been informed that the injury was caused by a wood waggon. As one of Messrs Magills and Coghlan's waggoners was the per son who went to the man's assistance and sent him to the hospital, it was easy for those from whom we re ceived ourinformatioi) to make the mistake. The murderous assault committed at Kirkstall, on a man named Lloyd, a butcher, presumably by his wife, noticed on Thursday, has terminated fatally. The poor fellow was conscious before his death, and accused his wife of having murdered him. It has already been stated that the suddenness of dismissal from the Civil Service has in some instances been attended with serious consequences. Thursday's Argus remarkst—' Surely the [ismil postal arrange ments are sufficiently speedy to give the" victims notice to quit, yet it seems the telegraph is also employed. An official at an inland town yesterday received notice by telegram to hold himself in readiness for instant removal to a less desirable locality; and had barely tinje to bemoan his hard fate in leaving thus hastily a place where he lw,d invested his little all, which no doubt would entail an ' alarming sacrifice,' wfyen he received a second telegraifi to tho efleet that lie was to remain where he was till further notice." We report elsewhere the proceedings at the meeting in the Alfred Hall relative to the dismissal of Mr Warden Sherard. Eesolutions were unanimously adopted in favor of the Government being memo rialised tp reinstate a warden who for sixteen years has been qualifying himself for peculiar and impor tant local functions, which he has discharged with singular ability and universal approval, and whose re moval will be a causeless loss to the mining commu nity. A more emphatic demonstration against the action of the Government, and in favor of Mr She rard, could hardly have been made than that of those old and fiercely opposing litigants, the managers of the St. George and Band of Hope Companies, joining hands on the platform to protest in favor of Mr Sherard's merits as an impartial magistrate, and against the removal without any apparent cause of so old and valuable a judicial officer in connection with Ballarat mining litigation. A lodge of Free and Accepted Masons was opened on the evening of Wednesday, 13th. January, at the Mechanics' Institute, Sebastopol, with the title of the Sebastopol Lodge, under the Irish Constitution. Several brethren of the order were present at the ceremony, which was performed by the Acting Grand Master, Bro P.M. Scott, V.W., District Grand Inspec tor, assisted by the following brethren:—Bro P.M. A. F. Rowe, P.P.S.G. Warden, acting S.G. Warden; Bro P.M. James Walker, P.P.G. Sup. Works, acting J.G. Warden; Bro P.M. Ralph Ward, Y.W.P.S.G. Warden, acting S.G. Deacon; Bro P.M. J. Wall, act ing Grand Secretary; Bro P.M. M'Cartney, acting S.G. Deacon. The warrant or dispensation from the Prov. Grand Lodge having been read, the Acting Grand Master installed the following brethren office bearers of the lodge for the usual time;—Bro. Ralph Ward, W.M.; Bro A. F. Rowe, P.M.; Bro J. Dewar, S.W.; Bro J. T. Morgan, J.W.; Bro R. Kent, trea surer; Bro. J. Wall, secretary. The business having been completed, the brethren partook of a light re freshment, and amongst tho toasts proposed were " The health of the W.M. and officers," and " Success to the Sebastopol Lodge." A meeting of citizens of Geelong was held on Wed nesday evening, for the purpose of devising measures for the formation of a wbaMng company, but in order to procure a better attendance, it was resolved to ad journ till Friday. The wish of the promoters is to make the company a public one—that is to say, they do not wish to confine the shares to a few capitalists; they would like to see the general public participate We understand that ■"•'a1-1 1113»' ls 1 expected to visit Ballarat next week, when arrange ' ments will probably be made for resuming building . operations at St. Patricks Church. The Geftlnj1"- contain appalling accounts of -..V.U5UCS and bush-fires in that district. The drought is most severely felt at the Anakies: at one station there the proprietor with 9000 shoep will think him self fortunate if he saves 2000, the rest dying of star vation. The land in ordinary seasons affords beautiful pasture, but with the exception of a few showers, there has been no rain for the last twelve months. As a remedy, the Advertiser recommends the use of the Abyssinian tube-well, The bush-fires in the Wormbete forest have been smouldering ever since they raged so fiercely a week since, and on Wednesday or the day before they broke out again with renewed energy. The timber between Duneed and the Connewarre lakes is also on fire, and it is feared that considerable damage will be done. Ill the Ondit district, rabbits swarm, and Mr Arm strong lias been compelled to dispose of 4000 slieep, not having, owing, it is said, to the inordinate appetite of tlie bunnies, sufficient grass to feed them on. One paddock has been completely cleared by them. Circumstances (observes the Argus) have transpired within the last few days which appear to throw a new light upon the action taken by the Government in revising the roll of magistrates. We find that in Man durang alone the lion, the Minister of Justice has found it necessary to create eleven or more new jus tices of the peace. Envious people allege that all these gentlemen who have been so honored are active partisans of Mr Casey, and to say the least it is some what remarkable that magisterial honors have been so plentifully distributed in the district represented by that gentleman, whilst the claims of other localities— such as Carisbrook—where there is no resident magis trate, have been wholly neglected, notwithstanding the repeated memorials which have been presented on the subject. A case of suspected murder is being investigated by the Sandhurst police. The Independent states that 011 Tuesday two men, named Steffani and Ludlow, were brought before the court and remanded on a charge of being concerned in the death of a man named Wilson, who disappeared suddenly at the Campaspe. It would seem that the two men in custody, together with the man Wilson, had all been drinking at Avery's beersliop on the Campaspe when a fight ensued, after which Wilson could nowhere bo found, and it is thought that possibly he may bo down a waterhole which it is intended to have dragged. At present the case is only one of surmise as to whether or not the man has met with any foul play. The renovation of the hall of the Mechanics' Insti tute has made some progress now, and when finished the rbom will be greatly improved in appearance. All the ceiling has been cleared and painted, and the enrichments of the cornice have been colored. The panels are of salmon color or a dark amber, the details of the mouldings being in white and blue. Prepara tions for the new platform or orchestra have been made by the removal of the old one, but we are told the new design does not meet the views of the leaders of the Harmonic Society. This seems a pity, as what would suit that society would suit the choirs at the Welsh Eisteddfoddan, and all choral demonstrations there; and a design in accordance with musical notions might help to bring grist to the financial mill of the institute. As far as we can understand the objections to the proposed design, they show that the arrangements of the seats for the chorus are not cast upon a right curve. It is said that the seats, instead of facing as directly as they might to the audience, are to look across the platform, so that the two divisions of the chorus will face each other too directly, instead of being able to send the sound clear out upon tho longitudinal area of the hall. We have no doubt that if proper representation be made to the committee, any oversight in arrangement that may have been made will be readily rectified, whilst it is not too late to do so. Tho Australian Annual, published by Mr W. H. Williams, of Elizabeth, street, Melbourne, and Mr Summerscales, of Bridge-street, Ballarat, is a new ven ture in Victorian book-work. It is not like tho English annuals of thirty years ago, for it is neither so finished nor so costly, but it is of the soil, and now and then not a little raoy. There are prize tales, poems, charades, and conundrums, and several illus trations of average colonial merit. A historical ac count of the origin and pastimes of the Christmas and New Year's festivals is given, and is well written. " Wongawarra" is a bush tale, readably told but crude in style here and there, indicative of newness of hand in literary work. " The debut" is in better style, and tells the story of a cruel, jealous woman, and the eventual good fortune of a little columbine whom she sought to ruin. " Treasure Trove" is a weird, sen sational, impossible narrative of an expedition to the South Pole, for the gold in a ship 'wrecked among tho icebergs of the antarctic circle twelve years before. The story shows some force of imagination and descrip tion, and the reader is pretty sure to finish it if lie once begin. " Death, in the Bush" is by Kendall, and is a poem that bears out his reputation as having in him the true vein of poetry. There are several other things, and altogether the book is a promising begin ning of an attempt to encourage " native industry" in literature. Mr Walter Sherwin will take his benefit this evening at the Alfred Hall, when there will be a concert similar to the agreeable ones already given there by the Carandinis. Cartes de visite of Madame and the Misses Carandini are to be given to the audience on this occasion. No other cases of chicken-pox or small-pox are reported as having occurred in Melbourne on Wednes day, while those already under treatment at the Im migration Hospital are progressing most favorably. In the event of any fresh appearance of the disease, the building recently occupied in the Royal Park as a nursery to the Industrial Schools is perfectly ready for the reception of patients. It was vacated l;\st iveek, and has since been thoroughly cleansed and prepared for its possible future use. Meanwhile, the medical gentlemen dissatisfied with the present build ings in Bourke street, saw Dr M'Crea on Wednesday, with a view to bringing under the notice of the Chief Secretary the necessity for better premises upon a better site for the purpose of an Immigration Hospital in such an important city as Melbourne. A conversa tion of considerable length, ensued upon this subject, the result of winch was a resolution to address a letter to the Chief Secretary, embodying the views held by the gentlemen interesting themselves in the matter. There were present at the interview with Dr M'Crea, Drs Thomas, Pug!(, flanker, and Motherwell, and Messrs Stewart and Crooke. The body of Mr James Guthrie, well known in Melbourne for a number of years as a corn dealer, broker, and produce merchant, was on Wed nesday night found floating in the Yarra, i^ear. the Botanical Gardens bridge^ and removed thenco tq the Sir Henry Barkly hqtel. Mr Guthrie was a kind-hearted and genial, as well as a good busi ness man; but latterly he had fallen into habits of dissipation, through which he neglected his ordinary occupations sometimes for days, the result being that his circumstances became considerably reduced. Until about eight weeks ago, ho resided at the Angel hotel; but he left there some time about the end of November, and almost from that time up to liis de^tl^ he was in a state of intoxication, rambling about in the suburbs and on the banks of the Yarra in tho lowest possible condition. Several weeks ago he was brought up at the police-court as a vagrant, for sleep ing out at nights in the public reserves, and only a few days ago he was seen by a friend, when he was in so dirty a condition that the friend advised him to have a bath, and offered to take him to. qnfi. Mr Guthrie, howevef, declined, and w^s nqt agt\in seen alive by any per-son who knew him. The'deceased was about forty-six years of age, and, when in health, was a x'obust man. The secretary of the Orphan Asylum informs U3 that he has just received the handsome sum of £S2 12s 2d, per the Rev. J. Watsford, being the amount collected in the Wesleyau churches iq. aid. of t:^e funds qf the institution, A fine little boy, one year and five months old, son of Sirs Cox, Staffordshire lleef, was drowned in the Oriental Company's dam, at that place, on Wednesday erening. The poor little fellow must by himself have gone to bathe, as no one can be found who saw him enter the water, and he was only rniss?d by his clothes being found on the bank, f he water is mostly shallow, but there happ.ei^ec} tq be a,u old shaft where he entered the dam, and in this the poor child was found. Life was quite extinct, as when discovered the body must have been two hours in the water. It lies at tho house of the disconsolate mother, awaiting the usual enquiry. At a meeting of tlie Smythesdale Mechanics' Insti tute committee, l^elc\ at tlio institute room on Wed nesday ovening, Mr J. F. Clapperton in the chair, accounts amounting to £26 Os 9cl were passed for payment. It was decided that the new room be open to subscribers only; that the reading-room and library be open to the public from seven to ten o'clock p.m, on week days; that the daily papers lie upon the table in the members' room for the first day after publication, and then be removed to the reading-room; that the chess-boards be kept in the members' room; that the secretary be allowed to provide tea and coffee in the members' room for the accommodation of the members; due notice of the foregoing arrange, ments to be advertised in the daily papers, In reply to a request from the local fire brigade, represented by Capt, Hamilton and Lieut. Price, it was resolved that the brigade be allowed the use of the institute rooms on the occasion of the celebration of the ensu ing brigade anniversary. It was also decided that the fifth anniversary of the institute be celebrated on Easter Monday, and that the patronage and co-opera tion of the various local bodies be requested. A sub committee was appointed to draw up a programme of the proposed demonstration, to be laid before the committee at next meeting. The Minister of Railways has consented to give first-class passages at second- class fares to the Ballarat cricketers who go to Melbourne to play the Melbourne Club on Saturday next. This is a courtesy which cricketers will, no doubt, appreciate. The Melbourne Eleven are—Messrs Baker, Cameron, Cosstick, R-J}ud tVuuMviTik11 x ifii'feiittiHi JJ■cdiW wilf Be—Messrs Sweeney, Scates, W. H. Figgis, Huddlestone, Gay, Sanderson, O'Neil, Watson, Cazaly, Bennett, Hirst', and Morres. U rupira —Braithwaite. A special meeting of the Garrick Club is called for this evening, at the Theatre. Royal Cafd, for the pur pose of casting the parts in the club's nest perfor mance. We hear that Mr Warden Taylor has already ar rived in Ballarat to take the place of a warden who has been an official mover in our local history ever since Ballarat has known mining laws and mining liti gation. Mr Wm. Price, mayor of Clunes, was on Thursday sworn in as a justice of the peace before Mr Dowling, police magistrate, and afterwards took his seat on the bench at the local court of petty sessions. The usual half-yearly change of chairs in the Loyal Smythesdale Lodge M.U.I.O.O.F., took place at the lodge-room, La Motty's Court-house hotel, on Wednes day evening, and the officers for the current term are as follow:—Br Lemp, G.M.; Br Best, N.G.; Br Wolf enden, V.G.; Br Cunningham, elective secretary; P.G. Br Lee, warden; Br M. Harris, I.G.; P.G. BrMoonev, U.S. to N.G.; P.G. Br Sheridan, L.S. to N.G; Br T. Harris R.S. to Y.G.; Br Werner L.S. to V.G.; and N.G. Br Best, treasurer. This lodge has over fifty members, with a credit fund of about £320. We learn from our Launceston files that Mr James Smith, whose experience is said to be reliable, has sent the following letter to the hon. the Colonial Trea surer. The spot where the gold has been found is between thirty and forty miles west of Deloraine:— " Westbury, River Forth, 6th January, 1SC9. Sir,—I beg to inform you that i have discovered gold on the River Dove, within a mile of the Forth, and also about north from the Cradle Mountain; also a quartz reef near the junction of the Dove and Campbell Rivers, about a mile from the Forth. The quartz is, I think, auriferous. I enclose a small sample of gold, some of which is from the Dove, aud some from the River Lea at the east end of the Black Bull' Mountain." The Department of the Engineer of the Water works is at present occupied in preparations to defend an action brought against it by Messrs Greenwood and Co., the contractors for the Coliban reservoir, which will come on for hearing before the Supreme Court in February. The quantity of potatoes exported this season from Warrnambool is likely to be far under the average. What with frost early in the season, and the long drought afterwards, the crop has been spoiled. It is refreshing to read of such a high standard of clerical purity as is indicated by the following extract from the Yass Courier, relative to the cause of tho recall of a clergyman from the Emu Creek Gold-field: " Rumor has it that when a married woman was en gaged in bandaging a diseased arm of the rev. gentle man's, he placed his sound hand on her shoulder, and this event, a little colored, she broached about, and some of the church committee thought proper to bring it before the bishop." It is stated that the order transferring Mr Stewart, the governor of the Castlemaine Gaol, to Beechworth has been countermanded. Mr Hyland, of Portland, will proceed to Beechworth instead of to Castlemaine. Referring to the proposed alterations in the Land Act now occupying the attention of the Cabinet at its frequent meetings, the Argus says:—" The action to be taken is, it is stated, to be based on a desire to har monise the conditions of the 12th and 42nd clauses in relation to selection and the rates to be paid as rental. Calculations of an elaborate kind are being made by the officers in the Lands department, and some im portant amendments in the existing acts may ba expected." Thursday's Argus thus refers to tha sudden dis. missal of Mr "Warden Sherard :—" Of all the strango things that Ministers have done during the past few weeks, in the name of retrenchment, none has been more strange than the sudden dismissal of Mr War den Sherard, of Ballarat. This gentleman had filled the responsible offices of stipendiary magistrate and warden of gold-field3 for a period of sixteen years, and when, on Saturday last, he received notice that his services would be dispensed with on the following Monday, he was in the active discharge of judicial functions of a very important character. And he has not only had. a great deal of work to do during the long time that he has served the public—he has also done that work well, and has enjoyed from first to last the confidence and esteem of the comnjunity among whom he has been dwelling. There may be reasons why this gentleman should be turned out of his situation, but none has been disclosed as yet, and we observe that none can be imagined in the district in which his duties lay. The case is more than strange, it is highly mysterious, and will be a fruitful cause of conjecture and surmise during the period that must elapse before the meeting of Parliament affords an opportunity to demand an explanation of it from the Government.'' The BaUaratarians (says the Oeelong Mcgkter) are large consumers of the fruit grown in this district. No less than from five to six tons of fruit, consisting of apricots, pears, plums, &c.;, are despatched per train from the Leigh road station daily, besides what is for warded from Geelong and the other stations. The trotting match to be decided to-day between Jimmy aud Kate forms a leading topic of conversation in racing circles, and a large number of people will go out to Dowling Forest to see the race. Jimmy is the favorite at 2 to 1. There will be one other, or perhaps more, trotting races in addition, and a match between Promised Land and Tearaway, which will be the first event, and will be started at half-past one precisely. Jimmy arrived by train on Thursday afternoon, and he and Kate are said to be in good fcrm. A public meeting is announced to be held in the Temperance Hall, Buninyong, this evening, to consider the subject of the dismissal of Mr Sherard, as warden and police magistrate. At Hepburn, on Monday, the crops of Mr Adam Meggatt had a narrow escape from being totally destroyed by fire. The flames were fortunately seen by some Swiss farmers, who ran up and put them out before much damage wa3 done, It seems pretty well ascertained that the fire must have originated through the concentration of the sun's rays by some broken glass bottles which were lying on the ground where the smoke, was first seen to rise, no person having passed across the paddock that day. The people of Xewstoad do not intend, without a struggle, to lose the advantage of the telegraph, as a public meeting has been called to discuss the subject, to take place this evening. A meeting of tlie members of the Hibernian society was held or Thursday evening at the Western Fire Brigade station, for the. purpose of electing office bearers. Tho following oleotions were made:—Presi dent, Mr Michael Q'Grady; vice-president, Mr John Thompson; secretary, Mr James Martin; warden, Mr Timothy O'Jlwyer; guardian, Mr Patrick Collins; sur geon, Dr Francis Bullen fDr Butler being also a can didate); right and left supporters of the president, Messrs James Heally and AVm. Kinana; assistant secretary, Mr Francis Lindsay; rightandleft supporters of the vice-president, Messrs Patrick J. Corbett and Francis Young; and treasurer, Mr John Berry. Seve ral gentlemen olocted to the directory. Jt was statod in town on Thursday that the mur derer of Mr Amos Cheale had been seen in the vicinity of the gaol on the previous day, but we do not think the story is to be credited. AVe observe that at Sandhurst, as well as at Castle maiue, there is every prospect a magnificent vintage this season, the grapes showing exceedingly well, though the dyy weather is telling in some localities against the table varieties. Indeed, all fruit seems to have done well. The Coleraine correspondent of the Hamilton paper mites:—A fire took place at Carapook on Friday morning, burning down the stable in which was the fine imported Clydescjale cart-horse, Champion, who lost his life thereby. I am told it is supposed to be the work of an incendiary, and perhaps something definite may come out at the inquest. Entries for the horse and cattle fair, to be held at the new yards, near the hay-market of the Western borough, must be made before ton o'clock on Saturday. Numerous entries aro expected, and prizes for the best will be awarded by the judges at noon, and afterwards selling by auction and privately will be commenced. Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co., and Messrs Har rison and Johnson will sell on Saturday, and Messrs Ettersliank, Eaglestone, and Co. will make a com mencement at the end of the following week. A lun cheon will be provided at Foley's hotel, invitations to which will be issued, and cakes and ale, or ale and substantial bread and meat and cheese will be pro vided at the yards for all comers, that is, for all men connected with stock exhibited, and other persons having business at the market. Good success to the yards will be toasted in many a pint of ale, According to yesterday evening's Herald, the delay in the pajrment of the salaries of the police force for the month of December is attributable to departmen tal routine. The retirement of Captain Mair, the pay master of the police force, has given rise to difficulties which the banks have desired should be removed, and which are under the consideration of the Treasurer. The Herald -;ays:—'"Tho name of Mr George Higin botham is he\ug more prominently met with in politi cal oiroles of late. The active position which he assumed as Vice-President of the Board of Lauds and Survey, in the enquiry respecting dummyism at Point Nepean, may be one of the reasons for this. There are, however, other indications that he will take a more prominent position in the active business of the session than at one time appeared probable. The return of Mr George Higiubotham to the active duties of his office, and a prominent position in Parliament, would probably be coincident with his withdrawal altogether from Temple court." A convocation of the Roman Catholic bishops, pre sided over by the Most Rev. Dr Polding, Archbishop of Sydney, will be held in St. Francis Church on Monday next. It is understood that the question of education will take precedence of all the other sub jects for the discussion of which the right rev. prelates meet. A general practice of tlio Westcrn Fire Br i£ ^ practice an impromptu meeting was held to consider ■what could be done to help Mr Franz after his losses by the recent burning of his premises. A sum of £10 was subscribed among the members present towards the fund being raised to reimburse Mr Franz for his losses. There was a very good attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening in all parts of the house with the exception of the dres3 circlc, " The Victims of Fraud" being repeated. It runs more smoothly than on the first night of its representation, the players being now well up in the various parts. The sensational passages with which the piece abounds were received with the same amount of warmth which the house usually manifests on the production of plays of the school to which "The Victims of Fraud" belongs. To-night the ever welcome " School for Scandal" will be placed on the stage, and Mr ltogers will have an opportunity of again giving tile audience a treat in his part of . Sir Peter Teazle—a character which is associated so favor ably with his name. Mrs H. Jackson plays Lady Teazle, Mr Bellair take.9 Charles Surface, and Mr Rayner the part of Joseph. On Thursday afternoon an extensive bush-fire was burning a short distance to the east of the road from Egerton to Gordon. At half-past two o'clock it had passed over a strip of country about two miles long, and was running along rapidly before a strong breeze. Considerable exertions were necessary to secure the safety of a standing crop in a paddock, and this was saved by the efforts of a number of men. In oue place a straight line of flames marked the position of a bush-fence, and here and there large trees were burning fiercely. At intervals small clumps of young timber were in flames, and the fire made quick work with these, all the leaves being almost instantaneously consumed. A dense moss of smoke passing away to leeward indicated that the fire was of considerable width, and it probably swept across some of the claims to the south of the Kangaroo Bob. The progress of the flames across the grass and low undergrowth of shrubs was exceedingly rapid. In several directions throughout the district there were signs of bush-fires. Last week (writes the Ararat paper) two or threo boys when out hunting opossums discovered the skele ton of a human body in a large tree situated near to the Eaglehawk claim. The position of the remains and other circumstan3es connected with them, lead directly to the belief that they are those of an abori ginal. One of the men at work upon the claim gave the skull to Mr Swan, who submitted it to Dr Gal braith, of this town, and that gentleman at once pro nounced it to be that of a blackfellow. The other portions of the frame are described as nearly perfect, but owing to the fright which the boys experienced when the skull first came to light, some difficulty was found in discovering the tree and examining the rest of the remains. The head of the deceased, at the period of burial, had evidently been wrapped in some description of coarse canvas, portions of it being still adherent to the skull. At a special meeting o£ the Creswick Borougli Council, held on Tuesday, 12th January (present— the mayor and Crs Jebb, Rogers, Gardiner, Davis, and Harris), the mayor explained that the meeting was convened for the purpose of considering the best means of extending the water-supply. Cr Jebb was in favor of a further loan, which he thought the Go vernment might possibly grant, and if it could be got at 6 per cent, it would answer their purpose. He thought it as well to postpone the meeting until Parliament had decided the Yan Yean question, in which view Cr Davis coincided. The mayor informed the council that he was going to Melbourne, and sug gested his calling on the Minister of Justice to ask him to insert a clause in the new act to give greater powers to municipal bodies for borrowing money for reproductive measures. In this Gr Harris concurred. Cr llogers pressed for a committee to draw up a scheme showing how the council intended to ex pend the money if available. Cr Gardiner concurred. A long discussion ensued, when Cr Davis proposed, and Cr Jebb seconded—" That the mayor be au thorised while in Melbourne to suggest to the Minis ter of Justice the desirability of introducing a clause in the new Municipal Bill, whereby borough councils would be enabled to borrow ten times the amount of their yearly revenue, and also to extend the time of repayment."—Carried. Cr Gardiner proposed, and Cr Harris seconded—" That the mayor and Crs Davis, Jebb, and Rogers be appointed a committee to obtain all information concerning the further extension of the water-supply, and report to the council from time to time."—Carried. The council then decided that in consequence of being without the required funds for the further extension of the water-supply, nothing in the way of extension could be done this year, The farmers of Little River recently asked the per mission of Mr Grant to take their starving cattle to the Capo Otway Ranges. Permission being conceded, they purpose musteiing their cattle, numbering be tween 300 and 400, and started forthwith. It was reported to them that recent fires had completely destroyed all tho food on the ranges, but a special messenger, who had been despatched to make en quiries, has ascertained that there is still feed suffi cient for a considerable number of stock. It is in tended to build a large yard for the security of the cattle at night, and the farmers will form themselves into gangs for the purpose of watching them until their return home, which will be when the dry season has terminated. Two smart shocks of earthquakes were felt in Lyttelton on Saturday morning, the 26th of De cember. The heaviest was about 3.30; the other at 7.30. The first was felt by several persons residing in Dampier Bay. The bedsteads in the rooms •were shaken, and a slight undulation of the earth was very perceptible. The second was felt by some per sons at the other end of the town. Some men sitting on the ground near the Queen's hotel felt the shock very strongly. Mr Mitchell, of Gollan's Bay, states that his house was shaken as if by a heavy blast. Charles Cotterill, aged forty-one years, a shepherd in the employ of Mr W. J. Clarke, the squatter, com mitted suicide by cutting his throat on Saturday morning. An inquest was held upon the body on Monday afternoon, before Dr Maclean, at Greek hill, near the Werribee, when the deceased's wife and step daughter were examined. Their evidence showed that for some time past Cotterill had been in a des pondent state, owing to the difficulty he had met with in looking after his flock, the sheep having become wild from want of food. The deceased often stated that his earnings would be swallowed up in paying the poundage fees, and that he wished he was dead. The day before he cut his throat ho tried to drown himself in a water-hole; but was unable to succeed, as the hole was nearly dry. It was stated that Cotterill was a bookbinder by trade, and was a native of London. He had been ten years in Mr Clarke's employ. Verdict—" That the deceased had come to his death by cutting his throat with a razor whilst in a state of temporary insanity." It is contemplated to re-establish telegraphic com munication between tho shipping-office at Spencer street and the Custom-house, Melbourne. This ar rangement will materially facilitate tho transaction of business, and obviate the delay and inconvenience | which communication by writing involved. In the Melbourne Botanic-gardens there is just now in flower, for the first time this season, the splendid waterlily, the Victoria regia. The flowers expand only towards evening, and they close again in the morning before the sun gets high up, so that visitors desirous of seeing the flower should select the early morning hours, or the time immediately before dusk at night. Wednesday's Age says—That John Chinaman is not deficient of spirit, and that he can bike his own part when necessary, was proved yesterday afternoon by a Celestial, who received a most gratuitous insult from a European. Ho was proceeding along Swanston street with a couple of baskets of wares on a bamboo, when a young fellow, greatly his superior in size, knocked oil one of his baskets. John resented the insult in a manner which rather surprised his aggres sor, as well as the bystanders. He gave him, in short, a thorough good thrashing, blacking both his eyes, and leaving him in the gutter. At iLie half-yearly change of chairs in Court For esters' Home, Smythesdale, which took place on Tues day evening at the court room, LaMotty's hotel, in that town, the following brethren were elected to fill the respective offices:—C.li. Br C. Tenbrink, P.O.li.; S.C.R. Br J. M. Starling; secretary, Br F. Wortham; treasurer, Br D. LaMotty; S.W.NV., Br B. Bott; J.W.W., Br E. Mansfield; S.B., Br K. Mansell; J.B., Br E. Causson. Drs Jordan and Barnett were re elected court surgeons. The balance to the credit of the court at present, including stock, is £S65. Another unfortunate suffering from the effects of alcohol (remarks the Ararat paper) wandered away last week at Bushy Creek near Mr Beggs' station, and has not been heard of since liis disappearance. The mau's name is Clark, and when he left he was but scantily clad. On the evening of the 5tli the bush was scoured carefully, but neither trace nor tidings of him were obtained, and on the day following a large party continued the search. The effort to find the man would probably be kept up for some time. We (Maryhorouyh Advertiser) have reason to believe we are correct in stating ^tliat, with reference to the proposed removal of the district surveyor at Dunolly, the receiver and paymaster at Talbot, and the abolition of the telegraph station at Carisbrook, the Govern ment have decided not to carry these changes into effect. A Wellington paper of the 26tli December says:— "It affords us much pleasure to state that Colonel Lyons and JIajor M'Barnett report most favorably of the conduct and deportment of the recruits which had arrived at Wanganui from Melbourne. Seventy-one more recruits were despatched to Wanganui on 1 hurs day evening, of whom the Beautiful Star brought up seventeen from the south, and the Otago forty-four from Melbourne." Wednesday's iV. A. Mail says:—" It will be gratify ing to the friends of Mr H. N. L. Kentish to know that he has been re-appointed to act here temporarily, pending the arrival of his successor, Mr M'jStiece. Although this will only prolong Mr Kentish's stay for a day or two longer, it is a sufficient proof that the charges preferred against him have not in any way affected the reputation he has always borne amongst those with whom ho has resided for so many years, 3"&caffl;°iMrnest well-wishers and friends." A cricket match between Sebastopol and Buninyong will be played on the ground of the latter club, on Saturday next, play to commence at 11 a.m. The Sebastopol eleven will be chosen from the following members, viz:—Watson, Gilbert, Brennan, Embling, Franklin, Gilliugharn, Pasfield, Hughes, Williamson, Dimmock, Carlington, Trembath, Pengelly, and liristow. Umpire, Mr F. Power; scorer, Mr E. li. Gilliugharn. The Sebastopol team will leave Dim, mock's Hotel at half-past 10 a.m. According to the Argus, the statement that Mr Scott, late district surveyor at Camperdown, lias been dismissed from the Civil Service is incorrect. Mr Scott, in common with four other district surveyors, has retired from the department, their services being no longer required. It is true that certain charges affecting him have been made by Mr Longmore, and into the truth or falsehood of these charges a board, of which Mr Bindoii is chairman, has been appointed to enquire. It is of course premature to anticipate the decision of this tribunal, but Mr Scott's friends are con fident of his being acquitted. At any rate, the report of the board must be antecedent to any action of the J Government dismissing Mr Scott. At the meeting of the council of the Acclimatisation Society, held on Tuesday, the president stated that notice had been received from Hobart Town of the intended shipment, per Southern Cross, of a quantity of trout fry in charge of Mr Buckland. The young lish are expected to arrive on Fiiday next, the lyth instant, when they will at once be conveyed, partly to New Gisborne, and partly to the Yan Yean Iteservoir. 