BALLABAT. One of the mbst dee tractive bash-fires that have occurred for some time topic place on Saturday and Sunday at BullarooK. SaMrdt Star reports the $ajticulart of j the, prihdpfl'fosses asooilectod.% a visit to;the plpce. - Thos it appears that "the farad'of Mr. Einivah hadbMi partly crbese&by; fire, whlchhe bnspBfcted hid originatedJh'the paddoclcof aneighboar who had bwhhfl ing stubble,. and that lie had met witj severe loes, elated by himself to be oyer i Tljie fire proceeded along a lot of.fen clearing itaway, and entei^theenooea, which he had jh small stack of bly.' Thtt<' caught, and wM totally consumed, thef also catching and burning doy a halm, with d lot of tarn . considerable ypidel ' ^ro^ed^^ .. : Wjanenfceijp Into .tij'e '$$$' !<« CochraneV mill,' ":'at , a Iplaop is i»retty " Well' known '' EverferdV came npon a scene of destruction which would hardly be credited except by those wbo saw it. The whole farm of Mr. John Carroll, with the exception of a come* on which he, happily, boa his dwcllinghouse, was block from the ground, which was as bare as a well swept roadway, to a height of forty or fifty feet up the trunks of the trees, which grow very thickly in that locality. Mr. Carroll could hot inform us of the amount of his loss, but besides his storehouse and fencing he had 500 bushels of wheat, 400 buBhels of oats, and eleven or twelro tons of hay in his ' hayrick. Further into the forest, near Mr. Clark's mill, a considerable number of people were burnt out, with the ex ception of what they stood up in. In the township of Dean, situated between the Moorabool and Musk Creek, which joins the Devil's Creek, Mrs. Reedy had crops to a considerable value burnt, together with a barn. Mr. Dorsey, living near to her, lost £200 worth of property. Mr. Shehan, also in the neighbourhood, lost between £150 and £180 worth. We came across a Portuguese living there who had oats that were in stack destroyed to the value of over .£100. Mr. Pain lost considerably, and so did Mr. Blunt, in fencing; and Mr. Butterworth, who ■ was burnt out completely, stated himself to he a loser to the amount of abont £300. Mr. Gloucester, living on the Devil's Creek, lost j everything he possessed." "Daringone of the most eventful periods ef the Peninsular war," writes the BaUarat Star, "anaide-de-camp of the Duke of Wel lington was seen by one of the Rothschilds riding furiously in a particular direction. The wary and intelligent stockjobber had beeja watching for him, and judging correctly that the aide's appearance denoted news of an important kind, the Rothschild despatched a Eigeon with most momentous news fastened eneath its wing. And so it came to pass that the next morning early an agent of the great house was found to be making pur chases on the London Stock Exchange, and had bought heavily, without opposition, until a great booming of 'cannon from the Tower announced in unmistakable terms that another victory had fallen to our Iron Duke. It was such efforts as these that helped to make those gigantic fortunes which now con trol the mosey markets of the world.' Our Ballarat Stock Exchange has some imitators •f Rothschild, and in an instance which •centred during the past week the imitators have given evidence of having equal quick ness of perception and soundness of judg ment On Wednesday last a gentleman from Ballarat visited Mount Egerton. He had passed over a parched and burnt-up country all the way, when suddenly, just as he •ntered Egerton, down feu some heavy drops of rain. Anon a heavy pour com menced, such as the Egertoniaus had eagerly been longing for. The Ballarat visitor found himself in the midst of a lot of buoyant people, and was himself in high glee when he saw, with his own eyes, that the quartz erushingcompanies' dams were being rapidly filled. He had no carrier-pigeon, bat he had a horse, and hurriedly putting on the harness, he drove back with all speed to Ballarat. As he neared the town, the scene offered new delights. He found the roads as dry as he had left them. In and around Bal larat not a drop of rain had fallen. Now for his chance. Off he posted to one of pur sharebrokers. ' Buy me some shares in the Black Horse,' quoth he. 'The price is so and-so—you can give a little more—but buy them.' 'I cannot get them at the price,' says the broker; ' they have advanced dar ing the day. At three o'clock it was known that rain had fallen at Egerton, and the shares advanced £7 in price.' 'At three o'clock,' cried the would-be buyer, ' why the rain did not fall for fully half an hour after that!' And in truth this was the fact, but •ur Corner men had seen dark clouds hover- . ing in the direction of Egerton, and com-, menced to speculate'in Black Horse shares, •n the suspicion that the company's dam would be full of water. And they were right." 