AGRIOCULT URAL NOTES. FamAvy, Novaerna 12. No alteration of moment has occurred in our markets during the week, but the time is near at hand when prices most be expected to decline. Already now hay is finding its way into tihe Melbourne market, and feeding grains have given way in consequence. In this colony the hay crop is likely to be very large, especially if the weather for making prove as favorable as that for growing. We regret to hear that takcall has made its appearance in the vicinity of Hagley and the Oaks, but we hope it will not extend. A very severe hail. storm occurred on Wednesday, from which it is feared the fruit will suffer. Agricultural matters on the North Coast are thus referred to by a correspondent at the Loven. Writing on Tuesday last he says: The grass grub is very destructive this year, and had it not been for the late rains I believe most of the pasturago on the Coast would have been destroyed. The high lands nearly everywhere look as black as it they had been broken up with the plough. The Coast tenantry seem peculiarly subject to the ravages of this pest, which must be attributed to the open character of the upland soil. Clover and cocksfoot grass are the best kinlds of herbage to cultivate on elevated land, par. ticularly the former; for though it has been known to succumb for a time when the grub has been more than usually malignant in its attacks, yet rarely has it been destroyed alto gether. The weather lately may be described as " fine growing weather"-all the grain crops appear to have a luxuriant growth. The rains have been very frequent all throughout October up to the present time, and fortunately after every rain we have generally had a nice drying wind, which will Lcunl to preserve the wheat from rust. The prospects of the next harvest in Vie. toria continue bright. The Australasian says :-The soil hero is now more full of moisture than it has been at any time within the last two years, and little more rain will be needed to supply an abundance of grass through the summer, on those runs at least which are not altogether overstocked. The farmers have had quite enough also, indeed rather too tmuch where the crops are forward, but the later crops have improved wonder filly, and many of these will now give a full yield, which without the rains would have come to nothing. So flt, little harm has been done to the early crops, except in laying some portions where they are heavy, but a week or two more of damp, warm weather would cause rust to appear andt interfere mnucl with the present prospect of a most abundant harvest. Similar prospects are held out in all the neighboring colonies, and should the weather now set in fine, 1870 will be memor. able as a year of plenty. We observe that by the ship ITolmsdale, which has arrived at Melbourne from London, there have been imported three very fine shorthorns, of the Durham breed-two bulls and a cow. Two Arab entires and an Arab mare arrived at Melbourne on 4th instant, by the brig fWolverine, from Calcutta. They are very fine animals, and have been imported by Mr. R. Hunter. The accounts received from the country districts of Victoria continue to be most gratifying. "The fine rains and cool weather during the last six weeks," writes the Glen. orehy correspondent of the Ararat Adver. tiser, " have wrought a magical change in the whole face of the country ; where previously grass and herbage appeared stunted, now there is vigorous growth. Our farmers are quite jubilant, as their crops are now safe to be a good average, wheat especially, the ears of whioh are compact and heavy. Thousands of shorn sheep have already passed through here, en route to market, and as all the sin. tionas are greatly over- stocked, it 'is 'probable that n greater number will be sent to market this year from the IVimmera than nesal, be sides giving all thie boiling-down establish. ments ample employment to clear off the surplus." The Benalla Ensign pays :-" The bountiful effects of the late rains are now everywhere apparent. Turn wherever we may, plenty smiles upon us, and where not a blade of grass was visible five weeks ago, healthful pastures now meet our gaze. The crops are now looking splendidly, and some of our sheep farmers have been buying largely for the pur pose of keeping down the rapid growth of grass, and thus acot as a check upon bushfires, which will this year, in all probability, he very extensive." A correspondent of the Gipps Land liercury writes that grass is so luxuriant on some of the estates near Sale that sheep have become hidden it. Inmpoundinqg.--At Elizabeth Town, on 2nd instant, by Mr. M. Gritfin, buy haook mare, off fore shoe on, day of sale 24th Nov. -At Ross, on hth inst., by P. T. Smith, Esq., white and red heifer, short horns, branded on near hip K or H ; damages, 5s; day of sale, let December.-At Bishopabourue, on 0th inst., by Mr. Hopkins, iron grey hack horse; damages, is; day of sale, let Deceni ber.-At Cressy, on uth inst., by Mr. S. Brumby, bay back horse; damages, 5s; day of sale, let December. 