ITEMS OF NEWS. j The Inst lot of the old Survey-office site was sold yesterday, , after a spirited competition, at £22 per foot for tlie 26ft, making a sum of £572.' It was notified yesterday by the Bench thatno eases would he heard .unless" the ( affidavits" of Huraraonaea Ber-voC -wero vt\n.iidocl -ixx .by ll.30 u.iQ.. ot; vW;do.y. ixpomto&-or 1\onxi»g. Mr Scott, of the well-known Collins-street Hotel is dead. He had amassed a large fortune by tlio publicans business. IVith a view to increase the use by tlie public of the telegraph wires, it is announced thdt'a large number of PoBt-offices will receive tele grams for transmission to tlie nearest telegraph stations. In addition to the' ordinary postage tlie charge of the telegrnph-offico must be paid. Among other places constituted receiving stations for telegrams, we notice the post-offices at'Glen- lyon, Hepburn; Franklinford, and Yandoit. At the Guildford Police Court yesterday ,'a man named Beatton was committed on a chargo of having indecently assaulted a child four years of age. The evidence was of course unfit for pub lication.: An Italian. known as Necopolis was sent to gaol under a charge of vagrancy. This with a few small debt cases included all the business. IVo, are glad to be able fo state thai- it is likely tlie Guildford court wijl he continued. It is rumoured that the' various" surveyors em ployed in connection with the Colban Water scheme have -liad their services dispensed with since the beginning of tlie year. It is also ru moured that the levels already taken are found to be incorrect, and that it is now : found out; that tlie whole affair will cost just double what it was originnlly- estimated it" would.' It is said that under these circurnstancBS Mr. M'Cullocli lias de termined not to proceed further- with the works until the opinion of Parliament lias been taken on thq matter. = . :; The half-yearly- meeting of the Ajax Co,-, Campbell's Creek, was held op Thursday even: ipg ; Mr S.,G. King in the phair.' The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The report and balance sheet .submitted. sjiowed that tlio prospects of 'the mine were improving; 1105oz 7dwt and 5gr of gold had.bpon produced during tlie half-year, and the profit was sot down at £828 9s lOd. Two dividends were declared of £250 eaoh, and the hank balance whs £675 18s 10d. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and the retiring directors and auditors were re elected. The business then closed.' ' Our correspondent writes : — " During the re ception of the deputation by the lion; Oliiof Secretary in reference to the. Sandhurst Bepovo- len't Asylum, tlie hon. Mr Jones, came into the reception room, and was.I must ' admit requested by the -boh. 'Chief Secreiary to leavo' the", room and ' take a seat in the next room.' This . has beop magnified by tlio quid mines into something symptomatic of a ' split between the hon. gentle, men. I do not however think, whatever may or may not bo cause or extent of any want of qoqlial- ity between- the members of the- Cabinet1 "if-such oxists, that the exhibition - of the lion, Cliief Sec retary's natural brusquerie liad any significance in it. ' "/' - i ; " : ' The Age thus comments mysteriously on the removal of Mr Sherrprd, the yyarden of Bollarat'. A clerk may bo summpned by liis. tailor,', and po harm ho- done' to tlio public service, but'1 if ' an officer on the goldfield, having judicial .functions to perform, should have an' unsatisfied writ of execution against him in the hands of the sheriff, and its service to be withheld for months by an arrangement with some one who lias an interest in ininoB or -mining shares, it is evidont tliat sneh an officer, lot him be ever so honourable, and upright, is not in his propar position. . Leav ing out of view altogether the question of the pro-' priety of retrenchment, it is evident that in such a case the - Government would be shirking their duty if they did not interfere. Mr Slierrard has not brought himself within the letter of tlio for. feiture ' clause, but' it is a 'matter of' opinion-' whetlior ho has not rendercd-liimself uqfit . for tlio office .wliicli he holds.1 - Tlio --indiscretion of liis friend? renders it necessary that this explana tion should bo given. - ' One of tlio first results of tlie meeting of Parlfd-; ment will ho the revival pf Mr N-. Levi s claim to tho seat in the Legislative Council, now lield by Mr A'Beckqtt. . Messrs -Ireland, , Q.C., Macdon- nell, and YYobhj have been retaiiiod for, flip peti tioner. /, (1' V ' - Mr Bobort M'Niece, successor to Wfr H.-L.-;. Warde, also to act as Warden's cl?rk, entered on- the duties of liis offices yesterday. ; A m?tch has been made between Messrs Marsh and Alloyne to run 100 yards, at 3 p.m. to- day. The former gentleman givos Mr Alloyne five yards start. — \- In our report of the annual meeting of lho contributors of tlie Castlemaine District Hospital wo inadvertently omitted to mention that R. .Colles, Eq. wo? re,oocted . Prosidopt for the pnj Suing year. . / . j The undermentioned are requested to call aj tlie ubrTreasury, Barkor-street) foripaymont of their accounts : — P. R. Challon, D. Corbet, J| Frnser,, J. Greer, S- Noolese, - G. H. Lloyd, B, M'Gregor.Nankivell, C. IV. Nicholson, W. Brown. T. Re'id, S. Smith, R. Taylor, T. Ambler, F. B 'Raymond. j A fiqe little boy, one year and five months old) says the - Star, - son of Mrs -Cox, .Staffordshire Roof, was drowned in the Oriontal Company'? (lam, lit that place, on Wednesday ovening. The poor little fellow must have gone to bathe, as nq ope 'can bo found who saw liira enter the, water; ajid ho was only missed by bi? clotlies being found oil the hank. Tho water is mostly shallow; bjit there happonedi to bo an old shaft where hq entered the dam, and in his the poor chil(l was! found. ' The half-yearly balauco-plieot pf j-lie "Victorian Wollen and Cloth Manufacturing CompHny at1 Geeloqg demonstrates, almost fnbulpus pvofits_foi'; a new iinidustry. In six montlis, in a' limited husiness involving tin" expenditure on wool of £2165.1s 8d ; . waaas.andjsalavios, £1790 . 18a 9d y ftielj-iKaoilsY'dve"?; oil, and store!?; £930 8s 9a; rptes, insurance, printing, etc., £09 14s 3d ; audit fees, postage, etc., £44 3s Od ; commission, £107 9s 7d; there was a net profit of £2100 :17s. 9d. This, too, after writing off for wear and; tear pf machinery, £200 ;. and depreciation pf'ca.rd? and and rolling stack, £429 4s Id. It is only ne cessary to state, in order to place this successful enterprise fairly before tlie publiCi tlipt tlie tariff does not assist the woollen manufacture in the least. There i? no duty on piece goods. The company, after considerable delay and' trouble, obtained payment of £1500 from the Treasury in consideration : of diaving manufactured 5000 yards . of tweeds. The duty on machinery im ported amounted to a very largo proportion of that bonus, and the preliminary expenses, were naturally, under the circumstances, unusually high. -! - ' ' - - . . v ' ' Some years ago, says the Argus, Melbourne was less dependent than it now is upon Sydney for its supplies of oysters— a bivalve without which it would'almost seem impossible that so ciety. could gpt on. , Western Port Bay was then a valuable oyster-ground; but tlio cupidity of tlie dredgors was such that they completely destroyed the beds, and nn oyster from Western Port has not h?en in this market for mapy a day. It is possible that tho time m»y come,' however, when Western Port will again he an oyster ground. Some years ago considerable efforts were ipade by Dr .Adams,' a well-lmovvn local resident/And others to. establish such a fishery. .Facines were put down near -tlio Bass River, and- rock oysters' lyqre .imported from Sydney to furnish spawn, but tho greater number, of these were stolen, others died, and it was thought the ex periment was a failure. A few days ago it was accidentally discovered that the decaying shells on .tlie facines were well covered with young oyster's of various stages of growth. Specimens have (been shown to us, and they arq sufficient to prove . that the Sydney . rock oyster will live and thrive in tlie waters of Western Port Bay. TliiB being established, it requires hut a fresh effort, .some more monoyi and some patience, and Melbourne will be . rendered more independent than she is now in tlio 'matter of this excellent variety of food. - ' Some ane has written tfre,. following letter to, Intlie 'Asseitibly oii"Tlmrsday, January 7, by an: hon; member. "Mr Fuller— Dear Sir — I am: given for to understand that you are contemplat- : ing for the dismissal of some of the Corporation' men, leaving them without work nor money to support their family. ; You study nothing else! only about driving others to beggary. I want 3'ou to change your. Parliamentary course with regard to driyipg poor men. frpip making a living as to tabling motions for in reduce the police. ' So, sir, I table this motion.' If yoh do ppt lot the poor man live, your day is numbered. I- have sent" you one letter before to . wprn you. This is the last, as I said befq??. I bave got men that will carry instructions j if not, I will do it myself.- I will put you from tabling motions in or out of .Parliament. HpueYeiV-tbis -te my last motion ;' bear in mind that yon .and the po- lice is still in my view. On' apd after llie 'day named in mv last letter to you I will carry'my views out.-. 1 Signed for Captain Tliunderbolt, Gapiain: clii'Fonp.. Witness — J. By-Nioiit, Captpin Back— Two . Good men. as eyer . fired a shot— men who will not miss their, aim-r-good and true men wlio . will execute . my command at once. You are a complete gossal no doubt in it. Bear in mind, no delay." . The last page. in tlie opisfie is 'embellished with a unique device. It consists of. a coffin-lid, upon which is depioted.a sorry, specimen of Hie human form divine, looking terribly unlike life, whether it is to he considered in articulo morlis or not. Facing 4ho;4igure is a pistol, and midway between the two fated is ' a dot described as a ball, probably bent upon some errand, but the sketcher hps failed to indicate the direction which the missile is likely to take. The inscription is "Third day, January, 1800," Of course ' the fated third lins passed, arid A."de- oide still rejoices in thq possession of a' Mayor/' Papors bf tho Olli and l4tli October, from lie Gape of Good Hope, contain some items of news not previously received. Tlie' state of tho wine trade : was receiving tlio attention of the Chamber of Commerce. It was stated at a meeting of that body that the wine trade had greatly de creased, and threatened to die out. In -1859 ''the quantity exported was 1,009,992 gallons, the de clared value of which was £150,832. In 1857 050,000 gallons were Bliipped, and in 1807 the quantity had fallen to 11,400 gallons. In 1800 wine supplied by tlie common fhrmers brought £10 per leaguer, but now it is only worth from £2 to £2 6s. A member — Mr Seavle— who said ho liad been in the wine trade with Australia for eight years, observed that there was a very good market tliore for white constantia. .Ho had beon trying to get old red wine for that market, but . there was none to be had. The ory lie remarked i was t)int there was no market for the wine, when ! in fact, there wob no wine for the market. Ho . thought tlio farmers should bo assisted by the : formation of a company, with capital to buy and store the wines till tliey were of sufficient age for .sale. MrAnsdoll urged that an effort should be imade to obtain tho lowering of the duty on the i Cape 'wines in England. It was resolved to tako counsel -with tlio lending wine company -in Capo Town— the Pearl Company— op the subject, apd the meeting adjourned without further result. Thirteen miners bad arrived from England, . and a second party waB expected by the succeeding, steamer, to try the African goldfields. Tim men all had ; experience, -derived either from- mining' :in California or Australia. A very large Liver pool steamer — tho Queen — had made tlio voyage' from Bombay in oighteon days, and was expectod ; to reach Liverpool from Capo Town in twenty- ieiglit'days ; thus making tliepasasge from Bombay !in forty-six days. She was <105 foot long, of a gross , register tonnage of 3517 tons, and could carry 200 first-class and 1400 steerage passengers. A murder lmd been committed in Port Elizabeth 'b/a Greek Bailor,- and some excitement lmd been ocoasionbd by the disappearance of Mr A. J. Brink, tlio secretary' and managing director of the Green Point Tramway Company. He is ac- . cus'ed of having been guilty of n series of "frauds, : forgeries, and peculations generally. ' Hp 'wa? not extravagant, And' was a' most 1 in'duptrione; |sn?n( hu? is supposed to liayq, lost lei'gely , by i rip/3Cllljfttion8. ; .'( i' j' '.; ,<v : Tbero soemed to be for ' a time reason to fear tlmi'pmalbppx' had made it? appearance at Ballaratj ' ' iv- '-' ." ' ' Tho vinos' on the; Moorahool are reported as being considerably affected by the attneks of the grasshopper. In some places the leaves are en tirely stripped , off.- - In some of the- orchards caterpillars are attacking tho young fruit, the apples and pear trees being most affected. The local paper (the Bordor Post) writes r " For the last two or three dayB Albury has beep a perfect pandemonium .by reason of extensivq bush fire? raging round the town. Puring tlio greater portion o"f ' Sunday night, and" nearly tho whole of Monday, a qmall band of people who objected to be burnt in their beds was employee in beating bqck thp fire. .ThrqugU tlieir. exertions tfio. town wap saved. ... 1 L , ; . The complaints which have been made by tliq pgliae with regard to (lie delay in, the payment of salaries for the month of December would seeip to be not altogether giroundless.: -But the_ cause of this irregularity lins arisen from diffidultios ex perienced by the banks in . consequence of the re-; tirement of the late paymaster of the force, Captaip Mair. The matter is at present under the con-; sideration of.tie-f reapurer, aufi1 tyill ;no doubt shortly be rectified. "l | The Geelong papers qontain appalling accounts of droughts and bush-fires ip that district. Tlie drought is most seyoroly felt at the Apakies : at' one station there the proprietor with' 0000 sheep! will think himself fortunate if he saves 2000, the; rest dying of starvation. The lqnd in ordinary, seasons affords beautiful pasture, hut with the! oxceptton-of a fow showers, -(there- -lias been- no" l-ainfo'c the last-.twolvo :mofi<hs;-A8V'aV;reimedyi' the Advertiser recommends the use of the Abys sinian tube-well. TlmThusli fires; in ;tlie "Worm- bete forest liavo been smouldering over since they raged so fiercely a week pincp, and on \Vednesday or tlio day before they broke out again. with re newed energy. Tlio timber between Duneed and the Connewarro lakes is also on fire, and it is feared that considerable damage will be done. IVo.take tlie following from a HobartTown paper of tlie 7th inst. When, in 1807, the Legislature of -Tasmania , thought , proper, to ' aholish- imprisonmont for debt, thoy phssed a law enabling the Court of Requests judges to impri- son fraudulent ang reojuqss debtors under given circumstances, through the process of judgment- summonses; the course being for the debtor, against whom a judgment had been recovered to; pppear and give an account of lfip affairs, and, 'among other tilings, tho' circumstances under, 'which the particular debt liad been contracted. In a case of- this kind yesterday, a point of some! interest was raised by Mr Graves, who appeared: for the debtor, and claimed to show that the de-; fendant was not bound to pay the claim, On the other lmiid, Mr D'Emden contended that the: cbfirt. could not go behind tlie judgpmpt. As tjip; practice is quite' new in' Tasmania, the Commis-, sioner, Mr A- B. Jones, postponed the heafing to. afford time to consider the point rajsed." .. \ Charles Cottorill, aged 41 years, a shepherd ih; the employ of Mr W: J. Clarke, tlio' squatter, j committed suicide by cutting his throat on S&tur-; day mornipg- An inquest was held upon ,thej body on Monday afternoon, before Dr Jfacleap/ at Graek-hill.'aear tlie lYerrlbee, when the de-i ceased's wife and step-daughter wero- examined. j Their' evidence "showed that for "some time past! Cotterill had : been in a despondent state, owing > to th'p difficulty lie. had rilet with . in loqkihg .after his -.flock,' the -sheep having become wild from; want of, food. Tliodecpased oftenptated that: his earnings would -be .swallowed up in paying- the poundage fees, and that he wished he wasj dead. .The day before he" cut his throat b® tried to drown himself in a wateriiole ; but ivns unable; to succeed, as the liole was nearly dry. It was! stated tliat Cotterill was a bookbinder by trade, and a native of London. He had been ten- yoarB in- Mr Clarke's employ. Verdipt" Thatt tUd; docoasodV- had - Qorao liin;cloftti» ljy. . aittLii,K j liis'tliroat with a razor whilst in a state of tern- ; j pordry.insanity," t j | The Grafton Observer of the 2iid.instant gives' | the following brief particulars as to the escape j and 'shooting of ' two; aboriginals : charged with i murder at Sandy Cape " On Wednesday morn- ; ;ing last A ' Mr T. Marsli, 'free ' selector near1 Yugilbar, who vyas ep rbige from Tpbulam to! Poverty Point, \y.js alariped by hearing shrieks from tlie lock-up1, and on goiug there1 found .tho : constable (Bannon) stretched on his hack in the cell," and that the aboriginal, prisoners had both effected tlieir escape. The constable/ who was very weak from 'ho violent usage he had received, briefly informed Marsh that the blacks/ Neddy and Yarre, confined on the charge of murdering a traveller, had ruphed out' and khoaked liim down when giving them tlieir breakfast, and had then made good tlieir escape. He gave Murslila revolvor/ and requested liim ! to purspo' tlfe run aways, and recover them. Marsli did1 so; and after some trouble came up ..to them and ordered them to stand/ upon which they got" same- stones and were going to -liurl them, when Marsli shot tliem both. One . hall pasped through Yarre'S heart, causing instantpuoous death,' and the .other jvretch's' braiqs were blpwp t?. pieces." ; ! . illte proprieters . pf tlie Bank of Victoria; have (says- the Ago) sanctioned - the removal of .all restrictions . upon their management. ' The Na tional Bank /allows suit.. At a meeting of its proprietors, held yesterday morning, it ; was do- cided to . apply . to !the :Legislatpro .for an act to enable "them td'advance on" mprtgage?." "' Thore was no opposition whatever" to the proposal, bpt a little surprise' appeared to he excited by a state-, ment from the -chairman that the bank had, for some time past, been transgressing the powers given.;byits act in dabbling with forbidden busi ness. The surprise appeared however' to he softened by the chairman's assuranco that all the other Melbourne banks had done tho same. No intimation was given as to tlie nature of these things done in the past, but saoh 'unbounded confidence in the directors was expressed that probably tlio meeting thought it superfluous to make any inquiry. The very fact that the direc tors -ihave already exceeded their limits onglit, we should think, to have made tho proprietors oliary of entrusting them with a power, of doiug legally to any extent what they liavo hitherto been doingillegally. 'The daring already exhibited is ominous. Who knows how many and what old transactions tho new act is to covor. It will ho romomborod, says tlio Argus, tlint last week a romarkably smart drayman came to town from up- country with a load of pigs, whioh wore sold at tlie cattle-yards. Tho chcquo lie received in pay- mont ho handed to nn ontiro stronger to cash for him nnd never saw that strnngor again, while his dray, which lie had'pavtly loadod up for homo, was taken' bodily horso and all, from tlio place at which ho left it. The namo of this gonius is Patrick Doylo, nnd lie lias given tlio additional evidence of his clovorncss ibygotting out of tlio way himself just when ho was wanted. His horse and dray wore found on tho op- ! posito Bido of tlio town to tliat on whioh ho said ho had left them, nnd his chequo lins beon recovered from tho hands of tho mnn who was kind enough to tnko care of it for him. This individual's name is Thomas Horbortson, nowly arrived in this city from Sydney, IIo took tho cheqho to Mr Bonnet's shop, in Bourke- street, soon after recoiving it from Doylo, got £2 on it, and returned next day for tlio bnlnnco ; unfortu nately, ho wns mot by a detective, who took him.ipto custody for stealing tho cheque. Ho was brought heforo tho City Court on Thursday, and remanded till tho 18th inst.., in order to socuro the attendance of Doylo. Wo learn that two moro of the Panama, New. Zealand, and Australian Royal Mail Company's stoamships liavo changed hands ; these are tko. Auckland and Egmont, which liavo beon bought by' ! tho Australasian Steam Navigation Company. As tho Otngo is in tho hands of tlio mortgagee, this \- leaves only tho Plicobo in tho possession of the coin, pany of tho boats whioh were oinployed in tho in- torcoloninl trade. Inquiries liavo beon mado oh bohalf of tho British and Australasian Company as ; to two of the largest of the oconn steamships, but as ' it was fouud that on tho voyage from London to Mol- \- bourne they wbuld have to call at the Capo to.cpa); tho mattor did' not proceed furthoj', " ; . . > ! Th'ero Is a coppor m|no in South Australia known as the Yadanamutna, and the most, if not all, of tho shares are hold In London. Throo or four months ago, a telegram was sont to London, via Gallo, pur porting to bo from tho Adelaide manager, and roport- ng an extraordinary discovory of coppor in the mine. This report had the eircct of Bonding tlio shares up, „ tlio usual rovorso following when tho news by suo- ccssivo mails was found not to confirm tho tologram. Tliero was great indignation in London,' pud con siderable surpriso in Adelaide, on tho subject, 'tho object , of the telegram ohviouslr being to pnahio some person in the seorot to soil opt wjiilo tho market was high. The sourco of tho telegram ha? not beon traeod, but the Wallaroo ' Tipie? npw slates tuut it was sent from M'olhourno by tlio ocean steamer. , : Tho pipnpant Oropk News says i. — " Qur fittlo brothor, tho Laridshorough Times, it - would appear, has almost been brought to a dcad-loek . through tho unfortunate blindnoss of a very important mombor of its staff, viz., tho compositor. Wo rojoico to learn frppi Abe paragraph atmoxod, that (ho enterprising nhd'indoinitahio'prbpriotor feels himsolf equal to tho omergoncv, and that" oven in so unprccedontqd a orisjs np tho loss lias beop, he can keep his light phln- iqg among tho iphahitants of Landsborougli i-n In consequopce of our assistant haying hccomp pearly blind wo' hayo had to do all the work connected with thd 'office ourselves. Not having beon brought up to the compositor's branch of the business we are natur ally slow in setting type, and therefore trust that wo may he exepsed for any faults that, in our position, cannot bo liplpqd. A weok or two of practice will mgkp ii? mprq perfect.' " It was telegraphed froni Adeiaido a few days ago tliat an inquiry )iad been mado into tho treatment a prisonor had received in the stockade tliero, wlioro ho died.. Wo observe from tho" particulars now to hand that the name of tho deceased wob Samuol White, :undor sentence of six mehtlis' hard "labour"; hiit lit! had exhibited such signs of suffering from a diseased brain, and was otliorwiso so weak, that tho wurdors were instructed to bo lenient with him in tho quarries, whero the prisoners work. Ono of thorn, named Betimes, lmd boon scvcro on tho poor liolplcss follow, had on one occasion pricked him with his bayonet, had thrown stonos at him, and otliorwiso so Abused him tliat death ensued. Tho jury gave a verdiot of death from natural causes, but oonsurod Bcames, who is severely token to task, by tho press for . his - in human conduct, The dccoased had beon in Weslorn Australia, and suffered a sunstroke there twolvo years ago, . . - 