NEWS AND NOTES. In Ballarat wo Lave been tantalised for the last two days by clouds threatening rain that would be most welcome if it fell. Other districts have been moro highly favored. At Linton a good deal of rain is said to have fallen. In Melbourne and neighborhood very heavy rains fell for some hours on Sunday. They began in the forenoon and continued till late in the afternoon, showers occurring afterwards up to a late hour. At Qeelong very little rain fell on Sunday. Monday's M. A. Mail says:—Yesterday morning for a few minutes there was a fall of rain, but not more than sufficient to just moisten the earth. In the afternoon, however, Barker's Creek was flooded, the water passing over the banks in many places, and bringing down bushes and logs in the torrent. In the morning it was observed that the thunder-clouds drifted to the north, and at Mount Alexander and the neighborhood of Harcourt there was very heavy rain, •which no doubt caused the flood of water referred to. We recollect some seven years ago a flood under some ■what similar circumstances, driving those resident on the banks of the creek out of their houses. On Satur day evening there was a thunderstorm at Port Albert, but it is not said whether there was any rain. At Sale there have been refreshing showers since Thurs day. At Sydney steady rain began to fall on Monday morning. James Corrigan,a workmanliving near Fellmongers, met with an accident on Monday, by a log o£ wood falling down a shaft in which he was working and cutting his head severely. He was received in the evening at the district hospital. A man named Duncan M'Bride was received on Monday at the district hospital, with his legs severely shaken from having fallen on the ground out of a tree on his feet while in it cutting branches, at a place near Smythesdale, on Saturday evening last. A meeting of the friends of Dr Nicholson was held in the lecture-room of the Mechanics' Institute yes terday evening. Over twenty persons were present. Mr W. J. Higgans was voted to the chair. After some remarks from various persons highly compli mentary to Dr Nicholson, Mr H. Bell proposed and Mr Cotter seconded—" That a committee be formed to prepare an address and testimonial to be sent to Dr Nicholson, and that the committee consist of the following persons, viz., Messrs J. Little, Fitzpatrick, Cotter, Ward, Kerr, Cohen, Gordon, Yickery, Mac kenzie, Lougstafij Nicholls, Dr Bullen, and Dr Jakins." Carried. After some little further discussion, it was moved by Dr Bullen and seconded by Mr Kerr— " TJiat a sub-committee, consisting of the following gentlemen, be appointed to make the necessary ar rangements for carrying out the object of the meeting, viz., Messrs Fitzpatrick, Nicholls, Bell, Cotter, Hig gans, and Drs Jakins and Bullen." Carried. Mr W. J. Higgans was appointed treasurer, and Mr W. Little hon. secretary. Subscriptions were then received, and between £30 and £40 were at once subscribed. We believe that it is contemplated to present Dr Nicholson with a testimonial of the value of about £100, and, from the beginning made, .there appears to be little doubt that the required amount will be quickly raised. We are requested to remind owners of horses that nominations for the Miners' and Corner Handicaps, and for the Steeplechase, to be run at the approaching meeting of the Miners llace Club, must be made to the secretary, at Cherry's Victoria Hotel, by 6 p.m. on Wednesday, 20th inst. Yesterday's Evening Star says:—" A meeting of the leaders of what is at present called the ' corner party' is said to have taken place lately, in which it is said that the plan of the ensuing parliamentary campaign was sketched out. Considerable anxiety has been manifested by certain friends of the Government to ascertain what transpired at the meeting, but without success. The leading men in the ' comer' are notori ous for their reticence." Mr Gutlirie Carr—doctor, professor, or reverend, as lie indifferently styles himself—has again been getting into hot water. After his acquittal from the charge brought against him by a married woman in Sydney, he took his departure for New Zealand on a starring tour in his professional capacity; and the latest we hear of him is at Hokitika, where, according to a local paper, on the 7th January last, he appeared before the local magistracy to resist a claim for wages made against him by one of his satellites, named Kerr, who, while under his mysterious influence as tonished the public with fits o£ praying, singing, cry ing, or laughing, at the all-potent will of the operator. The medium sued Dr Carr for services rendered in this way at so much per week, and in part proof of his case showed that the professor had already recog nised a portion of his claim. Carr affirmed that it was a conspiracy to ruin him,—all the blacker since he had given the medium the sums alluded to out of pure charity. The bench dismissed the case on the simple ground that the plaintiff could not recover after admitting that ho was a party to the fraud. The professor still continues his performances in Hokitika for the benefit of liis admirers, while tho less rcsthetic portion of the public, who frequent tho music halls, nightly applaud to tho echo metrical versions of the great case, Kerr v Carr. A special meeting of the Town-hall Committee was held at the Nag's Head hotel, on Monday eveniug, Sir liobson in the chair. The meeting had been called to consider the advisability of memorialising the Government in reference to the Town-hall site. Mr Summers moved, and ilr Waters seconded—" That a deputation wait on the council to-day (Tuesday), in reference to tho expression of opinion at the late public meeting." Carried. Some of the burgesses present expressed themselves strongly in disapproval of the manner in which the mayor had misrepresented the matter, both at .the meeting and when on the deputation, and also in reference to the expenses of the meetiug called by the mayor himself. Mr P. Gay moved—" That in case the council does not comply with Councillor Cuthbert's motion to prepare a bill to consent to leasing the site, Mr Chalmers be requested to move that the ratepayers be appealed to through the ballot." This was seconded by Mr Foulkes, and carried. It was determined that as soon as the Town hall question was settled the committee should bo reorganised, and assume the name of the Vigilance Committee, until the council deals with [public ques tions in a public manner. "The men of Fife"! commemorated "Auld Hansel Monday," at tlie Alfred Hall, on Monday evening, with a banquet, at which about 150 persons sat down. Mi David Turpic occupied the chair, and Messrs Andrew Anderson and J. M. Troupe, the vice-chairs. When the good cheer had been disposed of—including the famous, and, at the sametime delicious, '' haggis," the oaten bread, and other viands well known in the ancient " kingdom"—the oratorical part of the affair ■was commenced. The chairman delivered a sort of opening speech, stating that " Auld Hansel Monday" was to Scotland what Christmas Day was to the English, and St. Patrick's Day to the Irish, fie called to the minds of a most enthusiastic body of hearers the customs which had always marked the return of the season in Scotland, especially in Fife. The usual loyal and patriotic toasts having then been disposed of. " The Governor and Parliament" was proposed by the chairman. Mr J. B. Humffray, M.L.A., re sponded for the Parliament, and expressed the great satisfaction he, as a Welshman, felt at being consi dered fit by Scotchmen to be invited. There were few countries could furnish a brighter history than Scotland. He loved it—although he had never seen it—because Scotchmen had the pluck of the Welsh men. (Laughter and cheers.) Mr Frazer was then called upon, and gave " Ye Banks and Braes o' Bonnie Doon," in which he was ably assisted by a number of gentlemen present. The Army, Navy, and Volun teers" was then proposed by Councillor Anderson, and the Army having been responded to by Mr Deeble, as a volunteer, Mr Moss was called upon to respond for the Navy. Ho expressed himself in a very favorable position for doing so, in consequence of knowing nothing at all about the Navy, more than the fact of liis having been once or twice nearly drowned in Lakes Wendouree and Learmonth, and having learnt a little practical experience in the Sunken Vessels Recovery Company, which made him appreciate matters naval So much that he had resolved never to try them again. He had been on a previous occasion asked to return thanks on the part of the agricultural interest, and not having seen anything agricultural in his life; had found himself as much at home as at present. He eonoluded after a humorous speech with a hope that as they were all people who had been squeezed out of other countries they would assist one another to get along. Mr J. M. Troupe, one of the vice-presidents, proposed " Auld Hansel Mon day," and Mr Prentice then told a humorous story and sang a Scotch song. Mr S. Deeblo proposed the toast of " Ballarat and Ballarat East Councils," and Councillors Anderson and Chalmers, in the absence of the two mayors, responded. Mr Dunne then sang " Ilka blude q' grass." Councillor Anderson proposed " The Laud of our Adoption," which being responded to, and more songs given, was followed by " The Commercial and Mining Interests." " The Agricultural and Pastoral Interests," proposed by J. M. Troupe, vice-chairman, was done full justice to, and " l'lie Ladies," "The Press," " Our Visiting Friends," and " Our Host and Hostess" (intended for Mr and Sirs Boyd, of the Corn Exchange hotel, from which place the banquet from want of room had been removed), followed. The banquet was not over till a late hour. The mayor of Ballarat East was present during the latter part of the entertainment. The foliowingis from the Evening Star:—"A Ballarat farmer, speaking of the crops in that famous agricul tural district, said that they were pretty fair, and those under the Mount Warrenheip were in excellent con dition, and good crops would be taken. He had noticed that oats were generally thin; and he thought it was because the farmers used the wrong seed for the locality. He had tried Canadian oats, and believed they would yield sixty bushels to the acre, Whilst Vic torian alongside would not yield more than fifteen." The Hay correspondent of the Deniliquin paper thus writes:—" Having just returned from a drive up the river I am able to speak positively of the state of the frontage. Perhaps it was never known to be in a worse condition; for miles out there is neither grass nor herbage. On one of the stations they were cutting down cuba trees for cattle to feed on, and the over seer said that some of the strong cattle went from fifteen to twenty miles out to the back of the run to feed, only coming in to the river once in two days to water. That stock can fatten under such circum stances is simply impossible; it is surprising how they keep up their condition at all. Some of the settlers are sinking wells, and commencing to water the cattle; this is found to work admirably, and soon saves the cost of construction." At about 8 o'clock on Saturday night a man named George Dickinson, a miner residing at B,ocky Lead, Carngham, informed the police that a man named Michael O'Brien had a short time previously brutally assaulted his wife, Ellen Dickinson. Mounted-con stable Menagh immediately went to the place, and found the woman bleeding and otherwise in jured about the head. Dr M'Cann was in at tendance, and stated that the woman was in a dangerous state. O'Brien was afterwards arrested and lodged in the lock-up at Camgham. It ap pears that Mrs O'Brien and Mrs Dickinson, who are neighbors, had some dispute or disputes previously, and it alao appears that Michael O'Brien had made some imputations against the character of Mrs Dick inson, charging her with stealing a bottle of brandy from his house. Dickinson went out to ask O'Brien if it was true that he had circulated such a report, whereupon O'Brien made at him with a stick. Mrs Dickinson ran between them to. save her husband, and O'Brien inflicted the injuries with a stick. It also ap pears that Mrs O'Brien joined in tho mclce, and took an active part in the proceedings. The woman is still in a'dangerous state, and bail ha3 been refused for O'Brien. On Sunday a man named Chas. Lamont was arrested by the police at Carngham for making use of obscene, abusive, insulting, and threatening language, whereby a breach of tho peace might have been occasioned, in a public place at Carngham. He was brought before Mr Thos. Hopper, J.P., on Monday, and fined £5 or 14 days' imprisonment. It appears that the prisoner came to Sheward's hotel, and after having a drink or two, commenced to abuse Mr Sheward, and could not be got to leave until such time as the police were on the ground. The Bull and Mouth hotel, dunes, has been pur chased for £1400 cash, by Mr Dalton, of Ballarat, formerly Dalton, Claxton, and Company. The Mulwala correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes to that journal as follows :—"In your memorial of the late Henry Hopwood, Esq., of Echuca, you say —referring to the time of Sir Hopwood building the 'Hopwood House'—'At this time Maiden's Punt, at Moama, was the only ferry across the River Murray from Goolwa to "Wahgunyah.' This is erroneous. M'Rae's ferry was established before Wahgunyah or Maiden's, and when built by Mr M'ltae was the only crossing-place or ferry below Albury, and wa3 gene rally known as such throughout Victoria. Now, the whole of these men who found it to their interest to contribute thus to the public convenience, and who, by so doing, cannot be denied to have contributed by their enterprise considerably to tho advancement of the Riverine districts, are passed from the field of their labors, and will be remembered only in connec tion with their works." At four o'clock on Monday morning the fire-bells of Ballarat East and West awoke a number of the inha bitants, and when they turned out it was discovered that a small house, the residence of a miner named Baker, near the Tam o' Shanter hotel, Creswick road, was in flames. Before effective assistance could be rendered at the unseasonable hour, the whole house had been consumed. It is said that Mrs Baker, in the absence of her husband, was in the house with two children, and that a small fire she had left lighted had been pulled out on the carpet by a pet dog and cat in playing. The strange part of tho story is, that when the dog found the place on fire ho ran up to the bed and barked round it, even jumping upon his mistress, until he succeeded in waking her. When she awoke she found the place around her in flames. Both brigades turned out. The Victoria Company, Clunes, at their last half yearly meeting voted £10 10s to the Creswick Dis trict Hospital, £10 10s to the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, £5 to the local Mechanics' Institute, and £5 towards the erection of the Common School, No. 12C, Clunes, uur local correspondent writes;— uu ounuay •«. ternoon two Ballarat residents who mix a little in mining speculations, drove to Grassy Gully for the purpose of taking up a quartz claim in this locality. As soon as Sunday night was over they started up to get the ground pegged off. Just as they were com pleting their work (at about half-past four o'clock in the morning) two other persons on horseback, with pegs under their arms, arrived on the spot for tho pur pose of pegging off the same ground. The claim in question, which consists of 250 acres, is situated south of the Grassy Gully Company's claim. With the view of terminating the aflair as amicably as possible, tho disappointed horsemen were allowed an interest in the undertaking." On Saturday the large two-storied residence of Mr Aberdeen, at Yapeen, near Castlemaine, was totally consumed by fire, caused by a spark from the pipe of a partially intoxicated man, named Best, igniting some hay in one of the rooms. Best is in custody pending an investigation. The building is uninsured and the loss heavy. Happily Mr Aberdeen was at home, and no member of his large family sustained any personal injury. A distressing occurrence has taken place near Flin ders, Queensland. Mr -Maurice O'Connell, nephew of the late Acting-Governor, had been missing for some time, and on search being made his body was found in the bush, where he had lost himself. Beside his remains was a- memorandum, in his own handwriting, that he had been three days lost, during the whole of which time he had been without water, and was in great agony from thirst, which being unbearable, he intended to end his sufferings with his revolver. The latest Wellington papers to hand speak of Mr H. A. Bruce as being still a prisoner in the gaol there. The £1500 forgery upon the National Bank has turned lip again, and this time, it is said, with a fair prospect of the conviction of the offender. An elderly man named John D. Tittle, was on Saturday brought before the City Court, Melbourne, on the charge of forging and uttering a cheque purporting to be drawn by Messrs Landale Brothers, Deniliquin, by which the above bank was defrauded to the amount named. As he had only arrived that morning by the Wonga Wonga from Sydney, a remand till Friday was asked for and obtained, for the production of witnesses. Nothing of the circumstances leading to this arrest has at present been divulged, the detective police being very properly reticent of particulars which might, if published, at least impede justice. A very fine young short-horn bull, named Duke of Brunswick, imported by Mr Morton, has arrived in the ship Wave of Life, from Loudon. Seven valuable sheep for breeding purposes have also arrived by the same vessel. There were 54 persons, viz., 36 females and IS males, confirmed at Christ Church on Sunday, in the presence of a-large congregation. The committee of the Alfred Hospital, Melbourne, in passing the following resolution, have placed in the early history of the hospital a grateful tribute to the memory of the late Mr Francis Burdett Franklyn:— " Resolved that this committee place on record their deep sense of the loss sustained by them through the death of Mr F. B. Franklyn, to whose zeal, activity, judgment, and urbanity, as a member of committee, the movement for a new hospital is greatly indebted. That a copy of this resolution be forwarded to Mrs Franklyn, with an expression of the personal esteem and regard which were entertained for Mr Franklyn by the members op the committee, and of their deep sympathy with her in her great bereavement." A Hokitika paper of the 8th January publishes the following telegram of the previous day's date from Wellington:—The steamer Sturt has arrived at Napier with the following important intelligence:—" Te Kooti has been defeated by the Arawas and Ngatiporus. 120 Hau-haus have been killed, and 100 taken pri soners, including Te Waru. Te Kooti is retreatin" and Colonel Whitmore is in pursuit." The A'je is informed by Mr Curr, the Chief Inspec tor of Sheep, that the statement that scab in sheep on the Victorian Bank of the Murray is making insidu ous but rapid progress is erroneous. He does not think there are any scabby sheep in the Valley of the Murray. The droughty year 1S68, says a Queansland paper, was finally and fairly deluged into the past by a steady downpour of rain which continued for the last six hours of its existence. This was considered a glo rious new year's gift to graziers and farmers. Four inches of water fell in the short space of six hours. Colonel Champ Laving resigned the post of Inspec tor-General of the Penal Department and decided on leaving the district of Pentridge, it has become necessary for him to resign also the command of the Pentridge Hifle3. The corps, with commendable promptitude, have decided on presenting liim with a testimonial in the form of a very handsome claret jug It is understood that a commission, consisting of Messrs Bindon, M.L.A., Puckle, and Hamilton, has been appointed to enquire into the charges made by Mr Longmore, M.L.A., against Mr Scott, the district surveyor at Camperdown, in re the lleedy selection case. Three women of bad character having been brought before the police-magistrate, at Ballarat East, on Mon day morning, the one for keeping a disorderly house, and the remainder for "having no visible lawful means of support," received a sentence of six months in gaol. Sentences such as these will tend to clear away a number of such characters before long. At the Deniliquin Police-court, on 12th January, James Logan alias John Lindsay (also known by the soubriquet of " The Nugget"), charged with the mur der of Joseph. Harpur, at Taylor's woolshed, on Wed nesday, 21st October, was again placed in the dock. He was further remanded for eight days in order to obtain additional evidence. In Monday's Aye appears the following passage:— " The veteran "Wintle is now in retirement, having vacated Ms ' hotel' last week. Besides the esteem which he carries with him, rumor hath it that he has taken something more substantial. Prison labor is utilised in our gaols. Somo of the criminals are only fit for knapping stones, others can assist in building the solid masonry around their cage, and others again can perform a little useful or ornamental liandywork within it. The governor has a patronising eye for the latter class, and his quarters are made comfortable by many little tokens of respect from his clever but mis guided charges. Do these articles belong to the governor or to Mr Wintle? Such is the question which no doubt presented itself to the mind of our venerable friend, when the superannuation order arrived. He decided, anyhow, that they were Mr Wintle's, and in consequence took the liberty of clear ing out the lot shortly before his departure. The coming man finds his quarters in a somewhat denuded condition, and if we are informed aright, intends to have the question of ownership decided otherwise than by Mr Wintle. While the latter gentleman carried away many things to which his title was doubtful, he also failed to carry away some live stock to which it was undoubted. Fowls—fat, fair, and to the number of forty, were swept out of the yard just before he left, and two or three brace only of them have been since discovered. These were in the possession of a closely cropped gentleman, who appeared at the City Court on Saturday morning, and gave himself the name of the prison overseer, Mr Jas. Hackett, from whom he had not long been parted. The youth was remanded until Monday." Mr Graham Webster, late of Beaufort, the new po lice magistrate and warden forDaylesford, has arrived at the latter place, and commenced his duties. Our Daylesford contemporary statea that Mr Camp bell, of Lyon Bank, has a thirty acre paddock which, he believes, will give close on thirty bushels of wheat to the acre. Mr O'Neil, of the same place, has also a splendid crop, one paddock of which he confidently anticipates will yield as much as forty bushels to the acre. Mr "Warden Taylor held his first sitting at the "War den's Court on Monday, and will sit to-day at Bunin yong, and on "Wednesday here at 10 a.m. Only two cases were disposed of, and the sittings lasted until half-past two o'clock. The learned counsel who ap peared for the defendants in both cases was unusually particular in insisting that all proofs should be strictly given, and would not admit anything. The number of objections raised were large in the extreme, and some seemed frivolous. Professional gentlemen cer tainly did not appear to make matters at all smooth for the newly-appointed warden, but he seemed quite at home, and distinguished the grain of wheat from the bushels of chaff. The Hamilton paper says that the vacancy occa sioned by the retirement of Mr Sheriff Yates has been filled by the appointment of Mr "William Sewell (re ceiver and paymaster), who in future will act also as deputy sheriff at Ararat and Belfast respectively. A few weeks ago a Balmoral lady jumped into the Glenelg at Harrow, and Eaved from drowning the youngest daughter of the local police-clerk. The feat was all the more dangerous from there being sixteen feet of water at the spot. The township of Grant, last week, narrowly escaped being consumed by the bush- fires. The flames how ever (writes the Gipps Land journal) passed down the Excelsior spur, crossed the creek, and consumed the Victoria machine, one of the most expensive mining plants (although one which has done the least work) in the district. Saturday s (ripps hand Times says:— liie main body of the fire on the Sydney Cottage run has been got under, but a, large fire broke out on Tuesday, whicli, defying all attempts made to extinguish it, rapidly made its way across to Loyang, destroying in its course a great portion of the dividing fence, and doing a vast amount of damage to the run of Messrs Turnbull and Henderson. Several volunteers pro ceeded out from Rosedale, and a strip of land was burnt to protect the Home Station from the fire. What makes this fire of more than common loss is that Messrs Turnbull and Henderson have a large herd of store cattle, some 900 in number, within a few days journey of the run." Instructions are said to have been issued for tlio closing of the survey- office, Bairnsdale. The River Murrumbidgee, according to the Wagga, Wagya Express, has never for years been as low as it is at present. It is crossable now in scores of places between this and Gundagai, and in some places is so low that the water scarcely reaches to the ankles. The boats of the snagging parties have passed down during the week for Marandera, but the water 13 so low that light and flat bottomed .'is they are, it has only been with the greatest difficulty that they have been forced over the shallows. If the dry weather continues for another month, the river at its present rate of falling, will barely run. at all. The Woolundry lagoon is also lower than it has ever been known by any but the older residents of the town, and with a little more dry weather the water just above the bridge will have disappeared from its bed altogether. The wheat harvest has, on the whole, been a very indifferent one. A return lias been prepared In the Lands depart ment to show the working of the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act up to and during the month of December last. It shows that under the original re gulations (8th May, 1SG5) 2103 applications were made, all of which were granted. These represented an area of 36,841 acres. The revenue they returned to the state was £809-1. The applicants who were refused under the same regulations numbered 1033, and 510 had their licenses forfeited; of these forfei tures seventy-six were revoked. Nineteen applications for forfeited lands were granted, and 198 transfers of licenses were sanctioned. Under the regulations issued on the 12th February, 1866, to the 31st of November, 1S68, there were 11,862 applicants, and 2S,-iOS licenses were granted. These covered an area of -175,579 acres, and represented a revenue of £89,555. The number of applications refused was 830; of the applicants who had forfeited their lands, 1695; and of licenses forfeited, 3691. Of these forfeitures, however, 314 had been revoked, and 216 licenses had been granted for lands so forfeited. Under the same regula tions the successful applications in the month of De cember had been 63S, and tho number of licenses granted 959, representing an area of 27,488 acres, the revenue from which was £4556. The refusals were lifty-nine, and tho number of applicants who had for feited their allotments was nine. The licenses for fftif.nrl nnmliATwl ■f.wnnfiT.mnrlif o>^-,li'nn;,'rtnc. for forfeited lands had been, assented to, and twenty two transfers granted. Under tlie additional regula tions of the 31st of August last, there had been, up to the 31st of November last, 104 applications, and 408 licenses granted. The land affected amounted to 7490 acres, and the revenue receivable was £816. Only one application had been refused. In December, under the same regulations, the number o£ the applications was 3S, licenses granted 74; the area of land so alienated (permanently or for the time) was 1411, and the rent £148. Each licensee holds on an average 2 l-5th licenses; the average area held is only 37acres; and the average rental per annum is 3s Odper acre. The " Corsican Brothers" drew a good house in most parts at the Theatre Royal on Monday night. This piece is always a favorite, and last night it lost none of its attractiveness at the hands of the actors or the scene painter. Mr Freyberger's scenery was capital, and the ball scene, the machinery, and the spectral effects were capitally managed. In fact the piece was put on the stage with entire success. Mr Rayner represented the brethren Le Franchi, and Mr Bellair Chateau Renaud, and these competent and con scientious actors did not omit a single point in their 1 very arduous business. This evening the same pro gramme will be repeated. 