BALL ATI AT WATER SUPPLY. An inspection of the operations performed and contemplated by the Ballarat Water Commission took place en 29th Jan. by several members of the Ministry. A special train started from the Spencer-street terminus at twenty minutes past eight a.m., conveying the hon. the Chief Secretary, the hon. the Attorney- General, the hon. the Commissioner of Roads and Railways, the hon. the Minister of Mines, the hon. the Commissioner of Public Works, the hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, and other guests invited by the Water Commission, including the hon. Geo. Rolfe and the hon. C. J. Jenner. At Geelong a few minutes' stay was made, and the train, proceeding to Ballarat, made the j ourney in about two bourn and ten minutes. The members of the Ministry were received on the platform at Ballarat by the Mayors of the Eastern and Western Boroughs, the Chairman of the Water Commission and other gentlemen immediately interested in the visit of the Ministers. The hon. gentlemen were conducted to Craig's Hotel, where they breakfasted, and at twenty minutes to twelve they started for the scene of the day's inspection. Conveyances were provided for the Ministers and party, and at the hour indicated they formed a cortege and proceeded on the road. Ballarat is supplied with water from three dams or reservoirs, the nearest to the town being about 4A miles. The road or track to the dams ia anything but comfortable to travel in a conveyance, but the scBnery of the country amply compensated for any ill-usage that might be sustained from the jolting of the carriages. The first dam is called Kirk's, and is a handsome sheet of water situated In the midst of a picturesque country. It is capable of containing 87 million gallons of water, the fluid being conveyed to Ballarat through 18-inch pipes. At the time of the inspection the water's depth was 38 feet 3 inches, but the reservoir is capable of containing 40 feet. The Bource of the water in the dams is the Yarrowee, the Lee and the Lai Lai Creeks, and it is an excellent drink, quite as pure and agreeable 88 Yaa Yean, Close to this, At a village called Gong Gong, it is csntemplated to form a very large reservoir, 144 acres in superficial extent, and meant to contain 100 feet depth of water, or twelve million gallons. The Water Commission are by degrees purchasing the habitations erected on the spot, in fact the whole village of Gong Gong, for the purposes of this grand store of water, which will be tho largest in the colony excepting the Yan Yean reservoir. Pincott's dam is situated about six ipiles from Kirk's, and conserves about thirty-five million gallons of water, the depth of which is sixteen feet. Five mileB further on is Beales's dam, a sheet" of water covering 86 acres, having a depth of 16 feet, and containing 100,000,000 gallons. Between this and the next reservoir an aquedact has been formed, in which the .water flows rapidly to the latter. A natural creek communicates between Pincott's and Kirk's dams. The Water Commission consists of the councils of both the Ballarat Boroughs, and certainly the provision made for the supply of water to the town reflects much credit upon the members of those bodies, upon Mr Begga.the engineer; Mr Ferdinand M. Krause, the field engineer; and Mr Thompson, the secretary. The works have been carried out so far by means of £20,000, provided partly by the Government and partly by the borough councils. At Mr Beales's dam, which is about thirteen miles from Ballarat, a handsome mia-mia of green boughs had been erected, and a sumptuous luncheon prepared for the visitors. Mr Anderson, Chairman of the Water Commission presided, supported on either side by the members of the Government. A number of influential local gentlemen accompanied the Ministers, the Mayors of Ballarat East and West, the Mayor of Sebastopol and the Chairman of the Bungaree Road Board included. Throughout the line of route many manifestations of welcome to the members of the Government were made, and the people in the immediate neighborhood of the line of the excursion were clad seemingly in their holiday attire, in honor of the occasion. A NEW FLOUR MILL has just been erected at Buninyong, by Messrs Smith and Harvey, two old residents. THE Council of Ballarat East have originated the enterprising project of opening an intercolonial exhibition at Ballarat about the let October next. THE ALBERTON SHIRE COUNCIL have called a public meeting for the 2nd March, to consider the advisability of constructing a cheap line of railway between Welshpool and Sale. A LAD NAMED DAVID HTJNTER, in the employ of Mr John Stewart, a farmer residing on Grassy Creek, was drowned on the 28th Jan., whilst bathing in one of the waterholes in the bed of the Burrumbeet Creek. THE first of a peal of bells intended.for the contemplated tower of St. Patrick's Church, Ballarat, arrived on 30th Jan. at the Geelong railway terminus for transmission. It weighs nearly one ton, and has been cast by Murphy, of Dublin. Within next month it will be erected in a temporary wooden tower near the spot where it will ultimately be placed. ON 30th Jan. a fatal accident occurred in Geelong. The wife of a farmer of the name of Hillard, rending at the Freshwater Creek, in crossingRyrie-street, in company with her husband, was knocked down by a cab, and the wheel pawing over her body inflicted such injuries as cau«ed her death. She was removed immediately to the hospital, and breathed her last a few minutes after arriving there. She was about fifty-five years of age, and haB had a large family. A BRUTAL MCBDEB has been committed at the Amphitheatre, the station of Mr T. Clapperton. The victim was a young man named James Henrys, a groom in the employment of Mr Clapperton, and the murderer a black man, who was a cook on the home station. It appears that he was desirous of marrying the mother of Henrys, and in consequence of Henrys' objection to the union, it is supposed the murder was committed. DURING the night of the 1st Feb. an entrance was effected into St. Augustine's Chapel, Myers Flat, by breaking in the panels of the side door. The burglar or burglars then burst open a drawer in the altar which contained the chalice and siborium, both of silver washed with gold inside. The japanned tin case in which the chalice was kept was found on Tuesday, in the bush, about one hundred yards from the chapel. THE first annual report of the Ballarat Refuge shows an encouraging start in a good cause. Oa the 21st October, 1867, the first inmates were received into the refuge. From that time till the present date, twenty-seven women have been admitted, and hav«remained for varying periods. There are still ten inmates in the refuge, which is the highest number that can, consistently with the laws of health, be allowed in the institution at one time. Two are now living, it is believed, a virtuous life with their own relatives, and one is in a situation which she is filling with credit. The income of the refuge from all sources during the past twelve month* amounts to a little over £500, and a sum of £80 has been realised for the work done by the Inmates of the institution. THE Circuit Gout sittings at Belfast were concluded oh the 31th Febraary. Several cases were withdrawn. Hylandand M'Donald, charged with fraud nnfler the Land Act, surrendered to their bail, and were bound over to appear in Melbourne. The case of Hobbs, charged witU manslaughter at Penshurst, was postponed; as was also that of Mrs Lloyd, for tli6 wilful njurderof her husbsnd, at Kirkstall. James Kemrnins, for bigamy, was sentenced to two years' imprisonment; P«tric|r Barnes, for horse stealing, got three yean*, imprisonment; Wm. Stewart, for obtaining goods under false pretences, got twelve months; and Bridget Lovell, for an assault, was sent to gaol for twenty-four boors, ponnors an<| Morley, brought up ou a charge of perjury, were found not guilty and discharged. A VEHV severe thunderstorm passed over Sandhurst about six o'clock on 8th February. The pieces of ice were unusually large at first, and irregular in shape; one piece picked up by a venturesome individual and measured was 3 £ inches in circumference. Rain followed which only lasted twenty minutes, but in that time four-fifths of an inch of water fell. The street channels overflowed, and in some of the streets the water extended in a broad sheet from side to side. The most damaging cffects of the storm were to be seen at the establishment of Buick and Co. (the Beehive) , where the immense hailstones smashed some thirty panes of glass in the large skylights over the drapery portion of the establishment. The glass having been smashed, the hail and rain poured in, and played sad havoc with the frail goodB below. A MOST melancholy and fatal accident happened on Tuesday, 2nd February, in Yorkstreet, Sale. About three o'clock on the afternoon of that day, Mrs Smith, of St. Leonards, accompanied by her daughter, Mrs Johnson, with an infant, were returning home in a buggy. When passing Mr Jensen's timber yard the horse suddenly became fractious, and defying all attempts to restrain him, started off at a swift gallop, suddenly swerved from the road, brought the vehicle into contact with a stump, and upset the conveyance, the occupants being precipitated violently out. Several persons who happened to be in the vicinity rushed to the scene, and perceiving the unfortunate ladies were much injured, promptly procured medical assistance. Mrs Smith was placed in a waggonette for the purpose of being conveyed to the hospital, but she expired ere she reached that institution. Mrs Johnson was found to have suffered very serious injuries, her leg having been very badly fractured. Marvellous to relate, the infant escaped entirely unscathed. Mrs Johnson was admitted into the hospital, where she is progressing satisfactorily. THE Sunken Vessels Recovery Company have issued a new prospectus. This," says a Ballarat paper, " is the new company which has arisen phoenix-like from the ashes of the old one. Arrangements have been made for the purchase of Mr Maquay's patent, and also for the property of the Australasian Sunken Vessels Recovery Company by payment of their present liabilities, and the result is the formation of the new company on the following basis:—Capital, £4750, in 950 shares of £5 each, thirty of which shares are paid up." A HOBSE-OWNER who lives some distance from Ballarat in a part of the country where there is a number of old shafts, lost a horse by some iliness, and he thought the best way to get rid of the body would be to have it thrown down one of the old shafts. He tied its heels together and had it dragged over the hole by another horse. The rope, however, was very short, and as the carcase came over the hole, the fastening not being unhitched from the harness of the living animal, it was dragged down on the top of the dead one, and killed. A BENDIGO JOURNAL observes that neither directors nor managers of mining companies appear to be actuated by a very liberal spirit in complying with the request of the Mining department to contribute specimens for the purpose of forwarding them to the Victorian Agent-General, in London. One or two companies have, however, sent some very rich specimens from their mines to the Mining Registrar; amongst them there are Moore and Company, New Chum Reef; Royal Albert Company and Specimen-hill Company. As the time for making the collection is limited, other companies should follow the example set by those referred to. A CORRESPONDENT of a Hamilton paper states that on the 28th Jan. he witnessed one of the most extensive bush^fires that have occurred for some years past in that district, involving the country between Monivae (the station of Mr A. French) and Harton-hills (Mr William Carmichael's station), a distance of twenty-five miles. The fury of the flames at about midday is stated to have been almost indescribable; colossal trees falling in all directions, rendering travelling between these points almost an impossibility. The demolition of station property in the shape of fences, gates, &c.;, is very extensive. The havoc amongst the farmers in the neighborhood is deplorable. In some instances crops, farm produce and " improvements " have been cleared away by the inexorable flames. The appearance of the country over which the fire spread is totally changed. As deicribed by a traveller, the heat and snoke were almost insufferable, and seemed to threaten suffocation. We are glad to learn that the flames have abated. Other extensive fires have occurred, apparently in the neighborhood of Cavendish, Kanawalla, Nigretti and Violet Creek, but we have received no definite information of the actual locality or the damage done in either of these cases. THE following account of the melancholy accident by which Master Percy Brown, the only son of Mr Chas. Brown, of South Yarra, lost bis life on 24th January, is given by a Ballan correspondent of a local paper:—On Sunday morning he left on horseback the house of ^ohn Edols, Esq., ol Barnwell Park, in company with another young gentleman, and was proceeding to the Saltan Presbyterian church. While making his horse step a little from the road to a side bank, ihe animal stumbled, and threw him forward. Losing his balance, his foot became entangled in the stirrup, by which it was held while the horse dragged him, and commenced kicking. Several bodily injuries were the consequence, but the fatal one wag fracture of the skull. The carriage of Peter Inglis, Esq., was near at hand, in tvhich the poor boy was taken back to that gentleman's residence, where Dr. Robertson is now residing, but medical skill was of no avail. Mr Ingiis's son also took the h«*e of Master Brown, and rode to Ballan, only a mile and a half from the spot where the accident occurred, for medical aid. Dr Tweeddale went promptly to Ingliston, but only in time to determine the laBt pulsation of the sufferer, who never spoke after being thrown. Master Brown was about eleven years of age, a young gentleman of great promise, and a favorite with all. By this melancholy event deep gloom has spread itself over the family connection. He was related to Mrs Edols, and at Darriwell Park was spending the Christmas holidays. An inquest was held on Monday by Dr. Rae, and a verdict of accidental death returned. IT will be satisfactory to the Sandhurst and Casilemaine people to see that, besides the completion ef the Malmsbury dam, &c.;,tenders have been called for the construction of outlet works at Barker's Creek, the construction of outlet works for the Expedition Pass Reservoir, and for the completion of tunnel No. 4 aud the aqueduct approaches at Sutton Grange. At Geelong also tenders are called for the construction of aqueduct, flumes and tunnels from Stony Creek Reservoir to Anakies; also for the construction of outlet works for the reservoir and for the carriage of pipes from Geelong and distribution along pipe track via Lovely Banks to Anakies. Bv the annual report presented to the town council by Eustace J. Walshe, Esq., tlae officer of health, it would appear that the average of births ia the town of Geelong during the year 1868 was about per cent., the average of deaths being about lg per cent. The population was estimated at 16,000, and the number of births was set down at 516, the number of deaths being 298. This must be deemed highly satisfactory, especially when the inefficient drainage is taken into consideration. A SAMPLE of a peculiar stone has been forwarded to the Warrnambool paper from Cardie'* Inlet, by Mr J. M. Meek. It greatly resembles bath brick in appearance, and is fully equal, if not superior, to that article for burnishing purposes, brightening steel or brass very rapidly. It appears to be a species of sandstone, but is remarkably fine and soft, a touch of the finger sufficing to pulverise its surface. Mr Meek mentions that he sends this in consequence of a paragraph in a Melbourne paper stating that stone of the same kind had been discovered in the neighborhood of Geelong, which was likely to become of commercial value. He knows where there are vast deposits of this material in the locality of Curdie's Inlet, and these, if of commercial value, might add to the prosperity of Warrnambool and its district. He also says "that there are many varieties of clays in that part of the country, well adapted for the manufacture of delf ware. Mr Irvine has also brought us a small block of stone similar to that sent by Mr Meek, stating that it was obtained near the Hopkins; it is whiter, and rather harder and more scratchy than the other specimen, but is the same in character. A STORM occurred at Castlemaine on Wednesday, 10th Feb., far outstripping the ono of Monday night. About half-past six and until seven o'clock, the rain descended, accompanied by large hailstones, with such force that the creek and storm-water channel were flooded. The inhabitants of Campbell's Creek were flooded out of their houses, and SheriffVbridge was entirely covered by the rushing stream. The train from Sandhurst had to stop near Thompson's mill, for the water was rushing over the line like a river. Considerable damage has been done throughout the district. A THUNDERSTORM AT SMYTHESDALE, on the 10th February, appears to have been very severe. The correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes:—"A girl named Harriet Bettridge, servant to Miss Cairnes, was at the time of the storm sitting on a trunk in small room adjoining the kitchen trimming a hat by the light of a lamp, when a ball of fire entered the room and struck where the girl was sitting, tearing some nails out of the trunk, as also tearing the flouncesof her petticoat in several places, slightly injuring her eye and extinguishing the lamp. I could not have credited the story had I not verified the particulars from the inmates and the girl herself. The girl, in an insensible state, staggered the length of the drawing-room, where Miss Cairnes and her friend Mr Rainsford were sitting, and then fell down in a swoon, and did not recover for several hours. Miss Bettridge says that the ball of fire, which she thinks came down the kitchen chimney and through the door of the sitting-room, then open, was as large as her hand, and that it burst with a roar like ' fifty cannons,' leaving a sulphurous stench almost unbearable, and which was not cleared away when she returned. Mr Rainsford and Miss Cairnes heard^ the roar of the explosion where they were sitting, and, as the young lady states, they thought the end of the world was come. Indeed, on the following evening none of the occupants of the cottage seemed to have fully recovered the effects of the fright." "WE cannot understand," says a Ballarat paper," how the findersof the monster Moliagal nugget could have been so stupid as to allow their wonderful treasure to be consigned thus early to the melting pot. The exhibition of the largest mass of gold ever found in the world's authentic history would at least have secured £500 to the lucky finders; while, at the same time, various charitable institutions could have made a capital thing by farming it for a while. The «yellow dross' has now lost all its charms to all but the two Moliagul diggers. It is stated that Messrs Thomas and Deeble have secured chums north and south of the now famous Black Beef nugget cache. Had a conple of Ballarat miners found the monster, we warrant they would have marked off a few acres of ground surrounding .the last restingplace of the dear departed, before consigning it •to its final tomb, or acquainting their friends with its exhumation. But what can be expected • from the genus digger, which goes about with a hoe and a three-legged stool, and thinks a good day's work hat been done in the turning oyer of a few square yards of surfaoe ?" 