NEWS AND NOTES The branch mail steamer, with the October mails from Europe, was ofF Glenelg at 2.20 p.m., yesterday. In another part o£ the paper will be found our telegraphic summary of the news. By telegraphic despatch we learned last evening that an extensive bush fire had been raging for some hours in the ranges near Talbot. This will amply account for the dense clouds of smoke mingled with dust attending the fiercely hot wind o£ Monday moro insupportable than ever shortly before sunset. On Monday wo were shown by Mr Pinnell a frag ment of scarcely-fossilized wood taken from the bottom of No. 2 shaft of the mine of the Great Extended Eldorado Company, near Beechworth, at a depth of 21G feet below the surface. Mr Alexander Hughes, mine manager, in communicating with Mr Pinnell on 15th December, states that the wood liad just been found, and that as the piece sent is the soundest he had ever seen come out of an alluvial mine, ho deemed it of sufficient interest for trans mission. Much of the wood found seemed to have been very much shattered in its passage down the ancient stream, but since its arrest by the alluvial deposit it does not seem to have undergone any material change. The wood shown to us is of a light brown color, and presents the grain usual to coniferous timber, with a silky gloss. On being fired the wood burns easily and emits an odor precisely like that procured on the burning of an ordinary pine match. One side of the timber has been charred, and that circumstance would seem to indicate that bush-fires; have not been confined to the present age. Mr.: Hughes says the wood resembles the existing Murray' pine. Water is now being pumped from the claim at the rate of 27,000 gallons per hour. A man named Cossey, who ran away from his wife and family sometime ago, was brought before the Eastern Court on Monday, and ordered to pay 10s per week in support of the family, the members of which ■were sent to the Industrial Schools. The mother is now said to be out at service. Mr Gaunt pursues the plan of always issuing a warrant for the absconding parent, and never, when it can be avoided, sending children to the schools on the simple statement of the mother; for, as he remarked in a case on Monday, the Government is often sought to be made to board and keep children of miirried people by collusion of the parents, and the husband bolting, while the wife brings the family before the bench. An application was made to Mr Gaunt yesterday, at Ballarat East, by the landlord of the Duchess of Kent hotel, to be allowed to keep open that place later on the nights of the coming holidays than the authorised time. This happens to bo one of a largo number of applications that have from lime to time been made to Mr Gaunt, when he, as well as everybody else up to the Governor in Council, is wantiug in the power to so far break the law as to grant the requests. We need hardly say that the permission was not granted. A low fellow named Nugent was brought before the Ballarat East Police-court on Monday, and after having been sent to gaol for fourteen days and one month, for obscene language and assault, in addition to being fined for damage to property, was fined £5, with the alternative of three months' additional confinement, for abusive language alleged to have been shouted from the watch-house at the witnesses whose evidence had previously convicted liiin. From his appearance we imagine that he will spend Christmas in a very congenial place. A snake, about a. foot long, was killed in tbo shop of Mr Willmott, ironmonger, Bridge street, yesterday, by a lad named J. Harris, who heard Mrs Willmott cry out. Ou Monday two gratifying presentations were made to {Mr C. Punjanathum, who has been in the employ ment of Mr J. T. Sleep, jeweller, for eleven years. The first was a handsome silver hunting lever watch, the gift of Mr Sleep; the second, a colonial gold chain with locket, bearing .the following inscription:—"Pre sented to C. Punjanathum by his fellow-workmen, in the employ of J. T. Sleep, Esq., Ballarat, Doc. 20, 1SG9." A meeting of miners favorable to the project of forming a Victorian United Miners Association was held at the Golden Horn hotel, Brownsvale, on Satur day, Mr F. M'Lcau in the chair. From the secretary's report it appeared that £10 12s Gd had been collected towards the object. A committee of eight persons was appointed to draw up a prospectus to be issued by the association; and Messrs \V. White and J. Lyons were re-appointed collectors. It was decided that the next general meeting be convened by advertisement and bills. Mr Gaunt, in giving his decision in a master and servant case, for disobedience of orders, heard at the Eastern Police-court ou Monday, delivered himself of a few remarks which may act as a caution to servants who imagine all the peculiar demands they make upon their masters will be granted them by an appeal to law. A female servant acting as laundrymaid at Mr Geillioter's hotel'was the defendant in the case, and she appeared in the court bedizzened and bc-buglcd in the usual style. The cause of action was that the defendant, who had left her place, and obtained a ver dict for wages, had misconducted herself, inasmuch as when the plaintiff asked her to wash some small win dow blinds on a Friday she had refused to do so that week in consequence of their not having been given to her on Tuesday. Mr Purcell, who appeared for the defence, argued that it was a rule with his client to collect clothes for the wash on Tuesday; butMrGaunt said that in any civilised country it was generally the case that servants obeyed the orders of their masters. It was very well to say she would wash the clothes the following week, but she might as well have said to her master on his corning home without his supper, that it was too late, and that lie would be favored with his breakfast in the morning if he fasted till then. He was pretty well acquainted with what masters had to complain of in the conduct of servants in the colonics, and therefore gave his decisiou in favor of the plaintiff. An ordination by the Bishop of Melbourne took place on Sunday, at St. James' Cathedral, Melbourne. There were six candidates for ordination—one as a deacon and five as priests. The ordinary service was conducted by the Rev. G. Goodman, and the sermon for theoccasion was preached by the Rev. G. 0. Vance, from Ephesiaus iv. 12—"For the perfecting of the saints, the work of the minisiry, and the perfecting of the body of Christ." The candidates were presented to the bishop by the Rev. G. Goodman. In the impo sition of hauds, his lordship was assisted by the Very llev. Dean Macartney, Rev. G. 0. Vance, the Rev. G. Goodman, and the Rev. Mr King, principal of Moore College, Liverpool^ New -South Wales, where the gentlemen ordained had pursued their studies for the work of the ministry. The following were ordained priests:—The Rev. J. C. Sabine, of Wood's Point and Matlock; the Rev. J. C. P. Allnutt, of Portland; the Rev. James Wagg, of Kyneton, Smeaton, and Spring Hill; the Rev. J. Mariott Watson, of All Saints', Bal larat; and the Rev. S. Copeland, of Tallarook, Sey mour, and Avenel. As deacon, the Rev. W. Clark Hose, late of Inverleigh and Murgheboluc. A Hobart Town telegram of Saturday, states that the Marie Laurie, whaler, has put into IIuou Island for supplies. She hxs obtained twenty tuns sperm and two and a half tuns black oil in a seven months' cruise. It is notified that, during the Christmas and New Year holidays, third-class passengers will not be booked at any station 011 the Victorian railways, owing to the running of excursion trains at cheaper rates. There are now over two hundred Chinamen em ployed in harvesting 011 the Goulburn, so that the farmers are not altogether dependent upon the harvest men, who are holding out for 10s a day. A telegram iu the Wellington Independent, dated Waugauui, Gth December, states in relation to the Mumuvatu block dispute, that Mr Buller went down to Mangamahoc, accompanied by two constables and some twenty Ngatiapa. He arrested Miratina, in spite of some thirty-iive or forty iSTgatiraukawa, who re fused to give the man up, and resisted his capture forcibly. After nearly an hour's scuffle the prisoner was secured, handcuffed, and sent in to Wanganui. Hard knocks were delivered 011 both sides, but 110 heads were broken. The arrest, it is. believed, will have a good effect. The survey was going 011 without interruption. The Hon. Mr Fox was in the district, and assented to the proceedings that were taken. Some of the leading dissentients to tlia sale of the Manawatu were present when the scuffle was going on, and entirely concurred in the action taken by the Government. A Sydney telegram of Saturday says:—Admiral Hornby inspected Cuthbert's ship- building yard this morning, and displayed great interest in the different kinds of colonial wood used, and was particularly struck with some cedar boats. He ordered two cutters to be built of this timber, similar to the Champion cutter supplied to H.M.S. Challenger. Our Learmonth correspondent writes:—"Fromwhat. I can learn the liot wind of Wednesday last has done considerable damage to the oat crop, and the almost similar weather that has prevailed during the last two days, it is to be feared will increase it, and affect also the wheat crop, from wliieh so much was expected. It was only this morning that I heard one of the loading farmers in Learmonth district remark, ' I thought a short time since that I had one of the best crops in the district, but I believe now that it will turn out one of the poorest.' There is no donbt that the farmers are not so confident with respect to harvest prospects as they were, but it is to bo hoped that any ill- bodiugs they may at present entertain will soon be dispelled." This year the sacred work to be performed on Christmas Day, by the Ballarat Harmonic Society, will be Haydn's "Creation." The Alfred Hall will be selected, as usual, as the place of celebra tion, and next Saturday night the time. The band [and chorus will number one hundred and twenty persons, and the solo vocalists will include Miss Staff, and Messrs. D. Oliver and P. Cazalv. As the society has been in assiduous rehearsal, we hardly need say that a great treat may be cxpected. The statement that the Attorney-General had refused to be a party to any prosecution of the directors of the Prince of Wales Company, in connection with the Bonskaw case, appears to have been at least prema ture. A telegram, addressed to Messrs Downes and W. Cameron, was received yesterday, from Messrs Crisp, Lewis, and Wilks, and was as follows:—"Just seen the Attorney-General. No truth whatever in the statement that he has refused to prosecute the di rectors." The residents at Cattle Station Hill and the sur rounding locality bitterly complain of the injustice of being compelled to destroy thistles around their farms, while on the adjoining Creswick Borough Common the nuisance is allowed to remcin unabated, and thousands of thistles to flourish luxuriantly, to the great injury of the neighboring farmers. If the Creswick Borough Council is unable to pay the necessary attention to the land, the council should give it up at once with a good grace; but if that body persists in retaining the common, and not doing its share towards checking the evil, the neglectful cus todians should at once be dealt with in the same way as othfir occupiers of land. During the past week the Ilev.Wm. Taylor, Wesleyan minister, was on a tour in the Smy thesdale district, and •delivered a number of discourses, some of which were .given in the open air, and others in the "Wesleyan churches and public buildings. On several occasions there were excellent attendances; but partly owing to the pressure of the harvest times, and partly to the fact that quite a plethora of tea meetings, fetes, aud other social entertainments is about to occur during the present festive season, the tea meetings held in connection with Mr Taylor's services were not so sue cessful numerically as had been expected. In addi tion to Mr Taylor's labors at Scarsdale, as reported in a previous issue, he also preached at Happy Valley on Thursday, and at Linton the same evening, when there was a very large congregation, including resi dents of Piggoreet, Happy Valley, Skipton, and Pit field. There was also a tea meeting held the same evening. On Friday, Mr Taylor preached at eleven o'clock, in the Piggoreet Weale.yan Church, when there was a full meeting; and he also preached in the afternoon at the AVesleyau Church, Newton; when there was a good attendance. On Friday evening a tea meeting in connection with the movement was held at the Smythesdale Mechanics' Institute. The tables were under the presidency of Mesdames Bosley, Best, Cunningham, Fuller, Gerrard, D. Price, and "W. Price. The committee had guaranteed 100 tickets to the caterer, Mr "Ward, of Sebastopol, but owing to the unfavorable causes already referred to, there was but averj- spare attendance—say fifty or sixty persons. At the public meeting held subsequently there was ' a tolerable muster, and Mr Taylor delivered a dis course. The proceeds accruing from the services and meetings referred to are to be devoted to the circuit fund. There is every hope now that in future 110 more anathemas will be hurled against the Creswickshire Coun cil on account of the state of the Saw-mill road, as the whole of it will now be made owing to the most praisewor thy conduct of Messrs David Anderson, J. Inglis, C. Naples, and J. Talent, who have conjointly advanced the council £000 to make the road, that sum to be repaid without interest in the course of a year or two if convenient. No doubt some of the residents of Bungaree, nfter such au example, will be induced to follow suit and subscribe towards making that exe crable half a mile on the Ballarat to Creswick road, which lies within their territory. The winding-up meeting of the Fire and Flood Re lief Fund Committee, was held under the presidency of Mr Deegan, at the council chambers, Clunes, on 15th December. It appeared by the treasurer'sstatement that the total receipts were £293 19s 4d, and the amount expended in donations £24S Is lOd, leaving a balance of £45 17s (kl. After due consideration of the vari ous applications before the meeting the balance was duly apportioned amongst the applicants. Several of the members censured very much the action taken in reference to the collections at St. Paul's Church, which, though ostensibly made on behalf of the Fire and Flood llelief Fund, had nevertheless been handed over to the Ladies' Benevolent Society. It was consi dered a gross breach of faith with the public to col lect money for one particular object and afterwards to make use of it for another. It was also deemed an insult to the Fire and Flood Belief Fund Committee, the action taken showing that those who had chargc of the collection had no confidence in either the wis dom or justice of the committee, which had been ap proved by the public, in distributing the funds. A petition from Mrs Alicrn, widow of the late Con stable Ahem, has been forwarded to Mr .Tames for pre sentation to the Legislative Assembly, praying that a pension may be appointed to her, or some adequate fund, in accordance with 1G Vic., No. 2-i, section 2-3 (Stli January, 185-3), or a sum of money equal in value. Tho plea of the petition is that Constable Aliern joined the police force under the' above-cited act, and the above section thereof, of course amongst others, which section promises a pension of an amount not exceeding one-half the pay to all members of the police force who shall have served ten to fifteen years, two-thirds the pay from fifteen to twenty years, three-fourths the pay for twenty to twenty-five years, and not exceeding the whole pay for a period over twenty-five years; and a pension of one-half the amount which any member could claim to his widow. The above and some other clauses of this act, how ever, were repealed by 17 Victoria, Jfo. 25, clause 7 (11th April, 1854), but the petition affirms that this repealing of the act, under which Constable Aliern joined, was a breach of contract on the part of the Government; and, therefore, prays as above. By Clause XXI. of 10 Victoria, above, it was enacted that lOd in the pound should be deducted from every pound of pay of every member of the police force, to form a "superannuation fund" for the payment of pensions. This clause also was repealed by 17th Victoria, above, clause VII.; and the petition alfirms that Constable Ahem was not responsible for the omission (if it occurred) to collect the fund, any more than for the subsequent repeal of the act. There are other points bearing upon the subject. Tho petition being a petition for money cannot be pre sented to the House, but the member named, how ever, will give the substance of it. Another meeting of men employed in the timber yards at Ballarat was held at Dodds' Buck's Head hotel last night, Mr Hughau in the chair. About a dozen persons were present. A letter was received from Mr Adam Smith, chairman of a meeting of tim ber merchants, held at Bropky's hotel on the 9th De cember. Au agreement had been signed by eleven out of thirteen of the proprietors of timber-yards in Ballarat. Messrs Hale and Van Boden, in Skipton street, had refused to sign it, as the clause providing that the yards should be open from 7 a.m. to 5.3U p.m. would inconvenience them. He advised the society to appoint a deputation to see Messrs Hale and Van Boden. The agreement had been signed un grudgingly and cordially Sjy the eleven whose names were attached to it. The writer concluded by wishing the society success. The agreement forwarded witli the letter was to the effect that sawyers, engineers, and machine-men should work eight hours per day, or forty-eight hours per week, receiving nine hours' pay at present wages. That the hours of work for carters should bo nine hours per day, or fifty-four hours per week, wages as at present. That the yardmen should make their own arrangements with their employers. That the new system be commenced on 3rd January, 1370\. That the yards op'en at 7 a.m. and close at 5.30 p.m. This agreement was signed by H. Tunbridge, Irving, (Jlover, and Co., W. Wallis and Co., Bell and Wright, Commins, Bros., II. Costin, Smith, Bros., Siui, Bros., E. Eastwood, Dobson and Co., Were, Burnside, and Co., and W. C. Hale. The Becretary reported that a deputation had waited upon Mr Hale and got him to sign the agreement. Mr Van Boden had refused to sign. The secretary also read a letter received from Mr Van Boden, dated 13th November, in which he said he would co-operate with the society to obtain the object they had in view, although he thought there might be difficulties with regard to the hours of closing. Mr Condy moved, and Mr Irving seconded, a vote of censure on Mr Van Boden, which was carried. On the motion of Mr Condy, it was lvsolved, " That Messrs Irving, Gilligan, Lemrnon, Hughau, and the mover should form a committee to draw up a code of rules for the society." A vote of ccnsure was passed upon Mr Waddle, of Sims Bros., for circulating false reports with reference to one of the timber merchants. Mr Condy suggested that the society should bo inaugurated with a dinner. The meeting then adjourned until Wednesday week. The Inglewood paper reports that at daybreak on Friday morniug a lire oroke out in the billiard-room of the premises of Messrs Bishop, Tylers rush. The fire, supposed to have been occasioned by the bursting of a kerosene lamp left standing alight in the billiard room, was not extinguished before the proprietors re ceived considerable personal injury, and furniture was destroyed to the value of .€50. There will be no lack of good public amusement during the Christmas and New Year holidays in Bal larat, and it is gratifying to think that the festivities of the season are likely to prove beneficial to some of our most deserving public institutions. We have already referred to the grand musical entertainment to be given in the Alfred Hall on Boxing-night, in which the Misses Amelia Bailey and Florence Calzado will take part, and in the proceeds of which the Dis trict Hospital and Orphan Asylum will participate. We now hear that the president and committee of the Ballarat Hast Public Library, taking advantage of the presence of these celebrated travellers and vocalists here, have secured their valuable co-operation in a grand soiree, to be held in the Alfred Hall 011 New Year's-night, in aid of the funds of this excellent in stitution. Crowded audiences will doubtless assemble 011 both occasions. Last evening saw a very fair audience at the Mechanics' Institute, considering the hot weather and the various attractions to bes met with olsewhere, oil the occasion of the first appearance, for a season of six nights, of Miss Percy Easdown, Mr Lascelles, well known in connection with tlie visit here of Madame Anna Bishop, and the well known comic singer, Mr Barry O'Neil. It was to be expected that artists of such stand ing as these in the profession would draw a good house, and please their audience when they hadgotan audience there; and not only did they do the first of these things, but also as far as we could ascertain the second. Mr Barry 0'Neil's comic songs told with wonderful effect upon an audience almost too hot to laugh at anything else, and the singing of Miss E;isdown and Mr Lascelles in pieces of similar and of a higher musi cal value was very much admired. The programme was divided into two parts; the first being commenced by Mr Lascelles playing "The Spirit of the Storm." Miss Easdown followed with " Oh Mio Fernando," which was very prettily rendered. Mr Lascelles' " Robin ItufT" brought on Mr Barry O'Neil,' who was received warmly, and sang " Pop, Pop, Pop." For the rest, it will suffice that we give a list of the song3 rendered by each of the artistes taking part in the concert. The remainder of Mr Barry O'Neil's were " The Bloated Young Aristocrat;" "The Young Man of the Period," and "The Tailor and the Crow." Miss Easdown and Mr Lascelles sang duets "Tell me Gentle Stranger," and "All's Well." Mr Lascelles sang " The Caliph," " The (Scamp," and " The Fair Rosabella," and two or three others— several encores requiring response. Had the heat not militated against the enjoyment of the audience, all present would have been highly satisfied. The con certs, we expect, will prove very successful. 