NORTH AUSTRALIAN TELEGRAPH. Though Anglo-Australian telegraphy is for the moment a little out of fashion, any fresh information upon it may deserve to bo noted for future use. With this view we record the result of a report from Mr. Goyder on the feasibility of connecting Port Darwin with the proposed line from Java to Burketown. It not only approves, but urgently recommends such a connection — first on a broad ground which concerns the projectors of the scheme at such, and secondly on a narrower ground of local interest. By landing the cable at Port Darwin, it is stated that an absolute diminution of distance would be secured, and a still greater economy of cost. From Timor to Point Emery, which Mr. Goyder suggests as the best landing-place for the line, would require only five hundred miles of cable, and the overland line to Burke town could be accomplished within seven hundred miles ; while from Timor to Burke town direct would necessitate thirteen hun dred and fifty miles of cable. In distance there is a positive saving of a hundred and fifty miles, and on nearly one-half of the route there would be a saving in construction of perhaps 75 per cent. — the difference be tween the cost of an aerial line and a deep sea cable. Mr. Frazer, the promoter of the Dutch. Queensland scheme, having made direct application to Mr. Goyder for advice on this question, the foregoing facts will doubtless have been presented to him in a pretty strong light. Mr. Goyder has been able further to say that the country is most favourable to telegraph construction, the elevations being suitable, and good timber plentiful. He appears also to have prepared a chart, indicating the most probable course of traffic between Point Emery and the in terior. The main road will be carried along the principal tableland by Fred's Pass to Mount Charles, whence there will be an easy journey across the plains at the head of the Adelaide to the Roper. Between the Roper and Burketown the Plains of Promise present no greater obstacle than the Wickham and Nicholson Rivers. This re port so far concerns the Queensland Govern ment more than South Australia. Placed before them as a matter of figures it gives such a preponderance of evidence to the overland route that the selection of the latter might be expected to happen of itself without any interference of ours. Where self-interest points so strongly to Port Darwin it may be left to its natural operation. The Postal Contracts. — The annexed petition, presented to the Assembly on Thursday by Mr. Baker, will illustrate to the Chief Secretary how perverse country cousins can sometimes be in misunderstand ing great strokes of State economy :— "The Hon. the Speaker and Members of the House of Assembly in Parliament assembled. "The petition of the undersigned, the inhabitants of the Electoral District of Barossa, showeth— 'That William Daly has carried Her Majesty's mails from Gawler to Williamstown and Mount Crawford for nearly nine years, and that during that time no complaint had been lodged against him. That he was the lowest tenderer for the mail line from Gawler to Mount Crawford, and T. Harris the lowest for the line from Uawler to Tanunda for the next three years, the tenners together being £1?.} 10-. ; Messrs. Cobb & Co.'s tender being ,£§9j }9a, for those lines. The latter was reduced 10 per cent on a tender being accepted for a large number of lines, still showing a balance of £97 lls. against Cobb & Co., being more than one-third of Messrs. Daly and Harris's combined tenders. That injustice has been done to Messrs. Daly & Harris in rejecting their tenders, as they appear to t e so rejected not for any fault of theirs, but because the other com petitors with Cobb & Co. tendered too high. And your memorialists desire to point out that the lines where Oobb& Co. are lowest are those lines where tiie sum amounts 'to several hundreds or thousands of pounds. . ''That the amount saved to the Government by accepting Cobb & Co.'s lump tender appears to be £591 8*. 8d, below the other tenderers, yet your memorialists do not aee how that sum has been arrived at, inasmuch ag several lines were not tendered for by other than Cohb & Co.; and as these are mixed with Cobb & Co.'g 15 tenders we cannot understand how they could be sepa rated bo as to give data for calculation, and the balance for those lines seem to be very high. And that supposing they were the lowest tenderers, your memorialists wish to point out that it was generally understood that each line had to bi tendered for separately. And that it is impolitic accepting the tenders of tuch large contractors on the lines where they are highest, thereby driving the lesser contractors out of the market, and placing it in the power of such as Cobb & Co. to compete successfully in future contracts, and which, we believe, will cause the cust of conveying nwilt to be much ereacer than it would be if such men as W. Daly and T. Harris could compete fairly with them in future^ as they would be satisfied with earni g the wages which Cobb & Co. p*y their superior mailmen, and are in a position to maintain their plant at a less cost but cannot compete in large contract for want o) means. ' Your memorialists therefore humbly pray that you will take such steps as will cause justice to be done to W. Day and T. Harrii, and frame such resolutions as will prevent such contractors being driven out of the market. ' And your memorialists will ever pray. [Here follow 2tf (signature!. J THK RKPBE3EJTATIOK OP WEST T0RREN3.— A motion is now before the House of Assembly for granting leave of absence to Mr. G. T. Bean, M.P., until the end of the session. The debate on this proposition has been adjourned for a few days to enable the people of West Torrens to express their opinion upon the question, if they feel so inclined. The Mayobaltt.— A meeting of the friend and supporters of Mr. H.R. Fuller took place at 'VTaldt's National Hotel, Pirie-gtreet, on Wednes day evening, 24th instant, about 120 being present. Mr. J. N. Perry presided. Dis cussion resulted in a resolution being carried that the meeting be an open one. Mr. Elliot proposed Mr. EL R. fuller. Mr. Daniels seconded. Mr. 1L Tunbridge' proposed Mr. J. M. Solomon. Mr. T. Macdonald seconded, and Mr. 1L Alexander supported the amendment. Messrs. Ellis, J. Daniels, and Campion spoke in favour of the proposition. Mr. Fuller here came forward and replied to some statements reflecting on his conduct as a gentleman made by Mr. Macdonald, the seconder of the amendment. Having con vinced that gentleman that he had asserted what was not correct, he stated he would not say any thing in reference to the business of the meeting unless Mr. Solomon was there also, and he would not take anv undue advantage of that gentleman. Theshowof hands appeared to be rather m favour of the amendment. A division was called for, when the Chairmandecided the numbers to beabout equal. The meeting, which on the whole was an orderly one, though at times made warm by the cross firing between Messrs Tunbridge and Macdonald, was brought to a close about half-past 9. Im mediately after the meeting to discuss the Mayoralty had finished, another to discuss the election of Councillor for Hindnarsh Ward took place, Mr. J. N. Perry being again voted to the chair. Mr. Vaughan proposed Mr. Hince as the most suitable person for Councillor for Himlmarsh Ward. Mr. Elliott seconded. There being no amendment, and no other candidate proposed, Mr. Hince, who was in the roo.n, addressed the meeting at some length. The proposition was declared carried unanimously. Ubky Ward Election.— An election meeting took place at the Wakefield Hotel on Thursday evening, November 25; Mr. £. O. Fox in the chair. It was proposed by Mr. Von Einen, and seconded by Mr. D. O'Leary, that Dr. Spicer was a fit and proper person to act as Councillor for Grey Ward. An amendment was proposed by Mr. D. Young, and seconded by Mr. Hallet, that Mr. Pink was a more fit and proper person. Both candidates addressed the meeting, expressing their views upon the municipal affairs likely to engage the attention of the Corporation during the next year. The propo sitions were then put, and the Chairman declared that Dr. Spicer had the majority. A call was made for a division, but the Chairman refused to comply with it, and the meeting broke up amidst great confusion. After this a meeting of Mr. Wm. Pink's friends took place, and a Committee to secure his return was formed. Municipal.— The nominations of the Mayor and Councillors for the city and several other Municipalities will take place to-day at noon. Soiree.— The first half-yearly soiree of the Pulteney- street School Elocution Class will take place this evening in the schoolroom. The enter tainment will consist of music, readings, and recitations. The Wool Trade.— A special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held in the Insurance Chambers on Thursday afternoon, November 25, for the purpose of taking steps to protect the interests of South Australian woolgrowers in the home market There was a large attendance of merchants, woolgrowers, bankers, and other gentlemen; Mr. M. Salom presiding. After an interesting and lengthy discussion a resolution was passed to the effect that the arrangements now in force in London for the storage and sale of Australian wools should be so modified as to ensure a variety of benefits which were specially set forth. A Committee, consisting of South Australians in England, was appointed to 'act in London in connection with the Committees appointed by New South Wales and Victoria, with a view to improving' the above 'arrangements.' A local Committee, composed of four members of the Chamber, was likewise appointed to communicate with the Committee in London, and with tha Chambers ©f Commerce in Svdnev and Melbourne. Hurricane at Kersbrook.— Quite a hurricane passed, on November 23, over Kersbrook. The wind blew fiercely, uprooted and broke down small and great gum-trees, and scattered limbs and branches in every direction. Many roads are im passable, and damage has been done to fences and gardens. Fruit-trees are split and torn, parts of roofs of houses have been blown off, straw thatched cottage* had their roofs blown to pieces, and the wind had scarcely ceased when the rain came in torrents. In a short time the place was flooded, the water rising high in some of the houses, and potatoes were hi patches washed away with the soil. Floods in the North.— The subjoined telegram from the Stationmaster at Melrose, to the Superin tendent, was posted at the Exchange on Thursday afternoon :— ' 1 have obtained the following report from the mail -driver:— 'Kaining at Blinman. Thunderstorm and heavy rain at Wilpena; country become flooded. Managed to cross creeks pretty well until coming to Kanyaka, where the creek was impassable, and had to swim mails over. At Willochra roads still worse; country all under water.' ' Like a Waterspout.— Between Angaston and Flaxman's Valley, about noon on Tuesday, there was a very heavy fall of rain, resembling a water spout In violence and suddenness it surpassed anything of the kind remembered by the oldest settlers. The fall was so violent that it com pletely swept the grass from off the hill sides, leaving the ground as bare and brown as if a bush fire had passed over it, and in appearance much resembled burnt ground, when viewed at a short distance on'. In a few hours about two inches of rain fell, causing the Gawler Kiver to overflow its banks in that short time, notwithstanding that the river was a most dry before, and had been nothing more than a chain of ponds all through the winter. The floods have carried away in the district large quantities of hay and fencing, and several out houses, and great damage has been done to the pasture and crops. The Imported Entires.— On Thursday morning a number of gentlemen paid a visit to the Orient to get sight of Mr. Gerrard's splendid imported sires Talk of the Hills, Tregeagle, and Union Jack. They have arrived in excellent health and con dition, and Mr. Jordan has been warmly compli ment on his judgment in selecting bo safe-carrying and suitable a vessel as the Orient to bring them out. Mr. E. M. Baeot's is also a splendid horse of the Suffolk. Punch breed. ? The three entires will be brought to town this morning, but are not to be exhibited until after to-day. They will remain in Adelaide a very short time, leaving afterwards for Mr. Uerrard'B stud farm at Kapid Bay. [ From yesterday's Evening Journal. I Northern Territory. Officers.— A correspon dent says:— 'A considerable amount of dissatis faction exists amongst the officers and men who have recently returned from the Northern Terri tory respecting their future employment by the Government Many have received intimations that their services will probably be required on some future occasion, but that in the meantime there is no employment for them, whilst others have been offered situations far below what they expected. These officers and men have been for the most part in the Government service for a long time, and feel it rather hard that those who have been taken on since they have been away should be retained at then- expense.' The Northern Tebkitoht Party.— The Go vernment have not yet fixed upon the party to be permanently stationed in the Northern Territory; but we have authority for stating that, with one or two exceptions, persons now at Port Darwin will be appointed to fill the several situations in dicated by the Government in Parliament. The Labour Question.— Apropos to the ques tion of scarcity of employment which a number of labourers have been prominently bringing before the Commissioner of Public Works within the last few days, Messrs. Morris and Bond, contractors for fencing and laying the permanent way on the Northern Extension Railway, have written to the Public Works Office, complaining of the scarcity of men to carry out their contract They state that they could employ 30 or 40 more labourers at wages ranging from 5s. 6d. to 6s. a day, and they ask the Commissioner to assist them in supplying the vacancy. Attempted SuiciDE.-On Thursday morning a seaman belonging to the Veraon stabbed himself in the stomach, but, although he did not die immediately, there can be little doubt that the wound will prove mortal. A lignal being made to the beach, Sergeant Doyle went off in the Press boat, and the unfortunate man was brought on shore, and removed to the Casualty Hospital where he was attended by Dr. Duncan, who pronounced his case hopelesB. His name is William Marr. and he gives his father's address as Mr. Edward Marr, Hamilton House, Stoke,. near Gmldford, Surrey. He is 25 years of age, and arrived in the colony in the'St Vincen\ having worked his passage out He expected on his arrival to find a remittance from England, but no letters reaching him, he shipped as a seaman on board the Vernon. bound, for India, He went on board on Tuesday night in company with a shipmate the worse for dnnk. but worked all day on Wednesday, and nothing particular was observed in his manner. In the course of the niaht he appears to have nsen once or twice, and he states that, feeling in a very desponding state in consequence of not hearing from home, at about 4 o'clock in the morning he got out of bed and sUbbed himself twioe with a sheath-knife below the heart, the knife entering nearly to the hilt. ?QuartzCroshisg -During the past few days ams have been busily eBgaged carting quartz f om the South Rhine Gold Company's property to Mannum, and by the middle of next week there will be something like 130 tons delivered. This is the parcel already mentioned In the Register as having been purchased by Mr. Pavy, of Milang, and a few gentlemen from Melbourne. Instead of crushing at Milang, as previously ai ranged, it is to undergo the process at Mannum. The requisite mach nery was advised per last trip of the Coorong ' and if is expected there this week. Should the i result of this experimental crushing prove satis I factory, it is intended to erect pennanent works at that port, as there is an abundance oJ water, and the distance from the rnine is only 10 m.les. Leasonroad.— A correspondent states that it does not appear to be generally known that the i new road from Hindmanh. lately opened, lead* to i Kirkcaldy Beach, north of Henley, and is called the Leason-road. He also intimates that the work through the sandhilU down to high-water mark ( will be completed before Christmas, when some demonstration will take place. Barossa District.— The Barossa half-yearly Court of Revision was held on November 23 at ' Tanunda Court-House, the chief voting-place. Mr. Charles Mann, Kevising Officer, and Mr. W. Clark, Returning Officer, attended. The revised rolls contain the following numbers at each voting place, viz. :— Legislative House of Council. Assembly. WilliamstoWH ? 58 108 Truro ? 41 78 Tanunda ? 150 179 Gawler ? 200 362 Lyndoch ? ... 108 183 Angaston ? 371 503 lil L393 Murrat and Dahlisg.— The river trade is in a dull state in consequence of the Darling being closed, and in a short time & number of our steamers will be laid up for want of employment A few of them have gone into the Echuca and Murrumbidgee trade, but as that is rather firmly held by Melbourne boats and will soon close for the season, there is no encouragement for others to follow in their wake. The report of a rise in the Upper Darling which reached us by last down mail is discredited at some of the river ports. This week's mail, however, should confirm it if there was truth in the rumour. District op Light.— The Returning Officer held a Revision Court on November 23, at Ka punda, with the following results:— Legislative Council— Number previously on roll, L343; struck off, nil; added, nil; present number, 1,343. House of Assembly— Number previously on roll. 2,077; struck off, nil; added, 3; present number, 2,080. Storm in the Hills.— The other morning about half- past 9, the heaviest thunderstorm Known for years broke over Bridgewater in all its fury, rain descending in torrents with little inter mission for three hours. In Cox's Creek by noon there was a higher flood than there has been for many seasons, the stream carrying, before it pellinell logs, fences, vegetables from market gardens, huts, and everything light within reach. Many gardens have suffered damage from the water, and the storm tore fruit-trees limb from limb. In some instances crops and soil were wa-hed away, while in others patches of young crop were injured. Fears were entertained that the Messrs. Dunn & Co.'s dam, the breast wall of which was exposed to the fury of the flood, as repairs were being effected, would give way, but it stood the Etrain. The Steamer Ariel.— The steamer Ariel arrived at Mannum on November 22, having been towed from Wentworth by the Bogan. The damage she sustained by snagging in the Darling, though not so great as was at first supposed, will throw her off the berth for at least a fortnight while the repairs are being effected. The extent of the damage was accurately stated in our last Mannum letter. By this time she will be on Randell's Slip, which has been overhauled for her reception. The Rainfall.— The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Wednesday and the same hour on Thursday was registered as follows :— Adelaide ? 0-395 j Strathalbyn ... 0'530 Gawler ? 0 850 1 Willunga ? 0555 Tanunda ? 0500 Normanville ... 0175 Blanchetowu ... 0 095 1 Port Elliot ... 0 4SW Kapunda ? 0*410 Goolwa ? 0'515 Auburn ? 0'SOO McUrath's Flat... 0'400 Wallaroo ? 0 075 Kobe Town ... 0*390 Clare ? 0*380 Mount Gambier u*610 Burra ? 0*550 Penola ? 0550 Melrose ? 0'670 Narracoorte ... 0320 Port Augusta ... 0'020 Gumeracha ... 0370 Mount Barker ... 0532 Wentworth (NSW) 0 040 South Australian Wines in London.— One of the most interesting items of news brought out by recent English mails is the growing taste in London for pure South Australian wines. The Auldana Vineyard offices, under the shadow of the Mausion-House, have become the resort of wine-dealers and wine-drinkers from all directions, and the general verdict is highly favourable to the wines there retailed. Associated with Mr. Auld in the sale of the wine is Mr. E. Apps Smith, of Melbourne and Sydney, and the prices charged range frvm 21s. to 3fi*. ner ilnzen fnr rubv. anil !{Ks. tn '-O» for white. From many flattering notices appearing in the public papers we extract the following from Bailey's Monthly Maga zine:— 'Out readers may have been as astonished as ourselves to see Australian wines advertised in London ; for we in our ignorance imagined that country produced only wool aud rich emigrants, who returned to their native land with colonial thousands and diamonds weighing ever so many carats. However, being asked to try them, we summoned up the same resolution we should do if we were going to have a double molar tooth extracted, and we asked the Australian wine to do a great thing, and all we can do is to vouch for its having won its trial; and if there is any doubt of the wine being pure, and answering our description of it, a visit to the Australian Vineyards Office at Wallbrook will at once remove it' Election Meeting.- On Wednesday evening. November 21, a numerous and orderly meeting of ratepayer! of West Norwood Ward took place at the Old Colonist Inn to consider the choice of a Councillor. Mr. Councillor Lawson presided. Messrs. J. Thomas, J. Z. Sellar, and H. Coombs were proposed, and on the names being put seven voted for Mr. Thomas, three for Mr. Sellar, and one for M. Coombs. Several questions were answered by the candidates. The meeting then considered the Auditorship, when three persons were proposed, and the voting resulted as follows :— Messrs. Lock 9, Little 8, and Hedge 4. The Municipal Revision CouRT.-We are requested by one of the City Councillors to state that at Wednesday's Court of Revision Councillor Winter proposed, and Councillor Tideniann seconded, that the Court adjourn for two hours to enable Councillor Raphael to prove that he was occupier or tenant of Acre 47. Gawler Ward. Mr. Raphael objected to the adjournment except it was until 10 o'clock the next morning. JnVESTOS MUNDI.-On Tuesday evening, No vember 23, the second lecture on this very inte resting subject was delivered in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, by the Rev. S. Cozens. There was a small attendance, owing no doubt to the inclemency of the weather, and Mr. J. Randall presided. The rev. gentleman in commencing his lecture referred to the births of Abraham and Homer, 2,000 and 1,000 years before Christ respectively, and then went on to speak of Ulysses and the vicissitudes which that hero passed through, and of the siege of Troy ; and he strongly urged the audience not to believe all that was to be read on the subject of that siege. The Amcmian temples were intended to represent the edifice of Nature, and in their construction all their genius and talents were exhausted. Their situations were invariably chosen on account of some unnatural appearance in the earth. Awe, mingled with horror and ebscenity, were the chaiacteristics of Amonian devotions; and cruel indeed were their rites. At the hour of midnight the traveller was often appalled by hearing lorrid sounds which appeared to issue from the bowels of the earth. It was the howlings of the priests in subterraneous passages invoking the lord of fire. In all the heathen writings their priests and prophets were represented as in a state of madness attended with circumstances of the wildest horror— their features distorted, hair stand ing on end, and eyeballs glaring with flashes of living fire. Their invocations were described as being accompanied with the roasting of mangled limhs nf human victims Rlniicrhrprprl inFanta— in short, everything that is hideous and revolting to natural feelings. Religion in those days imparted all that was horrible and dire to the feelings of man. Its abodes were carefully shunned by the way faring stranger, the shipwrecked sailor, and all whose helpless condition was adapted to excite pity. Architecture was the invention of the Amonians. From them the Greeks derived all their orders of architecture. When we walk through the nave of the cathedral we are reminded of Noah and his capacious ark; when we lookup at the dome we recall that vast system of superstition which was built upon the eventful history of Noah and his ark. To the mind of a philosopher nothing could be more fas cinating than the attractions of the Amonian temples, for Nature herself was studied theie. In those temples a sacred fire continually burned on the altar, attended night and day by virgins of the noblest families and of most fasci nating beauty. Besides the regular service at the temples there were grand festivals, or autos da-fe, attended by vast multitudes. On these occasions there was always a splendid procession, in which with the utniodt pomp were displayed the insignia of their idolatry, and it was within the walls of the Amonian temples where, hid from the public eye, scenes took place at which man's nature recoils. In the orgies of the Amonian idolatry, when their sensibility was by every refinement wound up to the highest pitch, a scene of prostitution ensued which no language could describe. In after ages these frightful excesses were ascribed to giants, syrens, dragons, hunies, &c; Votes of thanks to the lecturer and Chairman closed the proceedings about 10 o'clock. Issurancs Litigation.— The Argus of Novem ber 20 says:—' The Civil Sittings of the Supreme Court were brought to a conclusion yesterday. The New South Wales Marine Assurance Com pany were sued by the Adelaide Marine Assurance Company for £473 4s. lid. on a policy of re insurance on the ship Australian. The plaintiffs had insured the ship for j£2,000, and, wishing to be relieved of some of the responsibility, they effected a reinsurance for £1,200 with the Netherlands India Company. That Company subsequently declined to renew their reinsurance, and the Ade aide Company then endeavoured to effect an insurance for £600 with the New South Wales Company. According to the plaintiffs' case, the defendants' agent, Mr. Jarrett. agreed to their proposal, and gave them a ' cover-note,' insuring the ship from 21st August, 1868, to 22nd March, 1869, for £600. No premium was paid nor was any formal policy given, the plaintiffs said because they were never asked for the premium : but they said that the practice was always to hold the party who gave the ' cover-note* responsible, even though the premium was not paid. The Australian was wrecked during the currency of the ?cover-note,' anil plaintiff* sought to recover the proportion of the loss for which the New South Wales Company was liable. The defence was that the 'cover-note' was only given as iHterim polioy till the defendants' Surveyor had reported on the risk, and this report being unfavourable, the ri«k was declined. The Chief Justice, in summing up, said that both parties seemed to have transacted their business in a very loose way -the one in not having the ' cover-note' changed into a policy, and the other in not having got the 'cover-note' returned when the risk was refused. In his opinion, however, the party that ought to have taken the first step was the one that had an im perfect document, and which should have taken steps to make it complete. It was for the Jury to say which story they believed-whether the defendants had agreed to reinsure for £000. or whether they had declined it The Jury deliberated a couple of hours, and then enquired whether a verdict of 11 would be taken. They were answered in the negative. Ultimately a verdict was returned for plaintifli for £473 4s. lid.' 