FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 26,1869. Not having made our advent at a time when the cry in every quarter of the colony was for land reform, we of course lost the opportunity of echoing the popular voice, and adding ours to the general expression of opinion given and schemes shadowed forth on the land question. That question was the chief one at the hustings at the last general election, and it was upon the promise of either introducing or assisting to pass a more liberal mea- sure of land reform than was then in existence, that the majority of our legislators were returned to Parlia- ment. It happened that this question tion above all others should have fallen to the lot of a new Assembly to deal with, and it may now be asked how have they discharged their obligation to promote the welfare of the agricul- tural portion of the population by giving them a more liberal and advan- tageous method of obtaining the waste lands of the Crown for farming pur- poses. The introduction of the subject, it is well known, led to an unprece- dented state of affairs in the political arena, and we are inclined to yield the palm to the land question as proving the questio vexatia of the session in- stead of the Northern Territory, which had that term accorded it by an honorable member. Our readers are already familliar with the struggle which it gave rise to amongst our re- presentatives, and it now remains to be proved whether the result has proved worthy of the them-whether their senatorial deliberations and sage con- clusions have achieved a triumph which will be appreciated by our agricultural population. We wish not to withold credit due to them for their efforts, and we must express the opinion that the majority of the members proved them- selves really anxious for reform of some kind, but by far the greatest portion of the struggle was between individual opinions; and what else could be ex- pected. This was the natural conse- quence of nearly thirty-six different schemes coming into collision, each of which had been paraded before, and had met the approval of, different con- stituencies. It seems to us that it was not until there appeared to be a proba- bility of their not agreeing at all, that there was a waking up to a sense of duty, and a sacrifice of individual opinion, in order to prevent the ques- tion being shelved altogether. This evidently had the effect of delaying the settlement of the land question until the very end of the session, and then it was rushed through in a hurry. However, our representative have favored us with a new Land Bill which, although it does not come up to the expectations and desires of some of our practical farmers, yet is a de- cided improvement on the old system of land jobbery and abuses in the auc- tion room. What is required now is to watch the practical working of the Bill, with a view to have the rectifi- cation of any defects which may here- after be pointed out. Under the new Act land can be taken up, either for cash or on credit, to the extent of 640 acres. The land agent can take advantage of the cash system and purchase at auction as hitherto, but he will be precluded from purchasing on credit, as in that case he would come under the improve- ment clauses of the Act, and would be unable to dispose of his purchase to the agriculturist at an exorbitant rate of interest. The bona fide farmer, who intends to occupy and cultivate, can follow the same plan and buy for cash in the auction room, where he will still be subject to the agents' competition; but on the credit system, which extends for four years, he can he can take up land on payment of a deposit of 20 per cent, on the purchase money, which is taken as rent for the four years in advance. At the conclusion of that time, on payment of the pur- chase money, the tenant will receive his title, and he becomes a freeholder. One of the most important provi- sions in the Bill is that providing for agricultural areas. Six of these have been proclaimed, and power is given to the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, to proclaim others as from time to time may be considered desirable, not being less than 20 nor more than 100 square miles in extent, the plans to be laid before Parliament at least 14 clear days before the pro- clamation is issued, in order that a check may be held over the Ministry to prevent improper dealings. These are to be surveyed in sections of not more than 320 acres, with a township laid out in each, and suburban lands, the town and suburban allotments to be sold by auction and not upon credit. The country lands will be open for selection at a fixed price per acre upon the four years credit system-in the event of two persons applying for the same block, the choice to be decided by lot. Should this land not be taken up within a specified time at the upset price, a reduction of not less than five nor more than ten shillings an acre will be made, the land to be open for selection before such reduction is made not less than one nor more than three months, but in no instance is less than £1 an acre to be taken. In the event of this not finding a purchaser for two years, it will be sold by auction. Some considerable discussion took place in the Legislative Council upon the improvement schedule. It now provides that 5s per acre shall be laid out the first year, and 2s 6d a year during each of the remaining three years, the buyer to take possession within six months from date of pur- chase, and his improvements to consist of dwelling-house, farm buildings, wells or reservoirs, and fencing, and it is provided that no transfer of the land shall be made within the four years; also, that upon breach of the condi- tions, the land shall be forfeited. These are the main points of the new Land Act, which will come into operation as soon as the regulations- provided for by the 23rd clause-are gazetted. The Government have had these under consideration, and it is expected they will be published this week. By proclamation in the Gazette, the Act comes into operation on Tues- day next, March 2. The Lyndoch Valley agricultural show, held on Thursday, 18th instant, was a great success. The Wesleyan Bazaar was held on Wednes- day last in the Town Hall, Clare. The various articles for sale were arranged in a neat and conspicuous manner. A large number of per- sons of both sexes visited the Bazaar during Wednesday and Thursday evenings. The proceeds of the Bazaar are to go towards the erection of the Mission House. A case occurred on Sunday last to a young woman near Clare, which might have been attended with serious consequences. It appears she was paying a visit to a neighbor, when, on getting near the house, a large kangaroo dog rushed out and sprang at her throat, but fortunately missed his aim. The screams of the young woman brought help from the house before the vicious animal had time to do any injury beyond tearing her dress in several places, and frightening her very much. We hope this will act as a timely warning to all owners of vicious dogs to keep them chained up. Our Blyth's Plains correspondent writes as follows:- "The Young men of Blyth Plains Mutual Improvement Association will meet on Tuesday, March 2, when the President-he Rev. Mr. Davidson-will open the meeting. It is expected that a soiree will be held to aug- ment the building fund of a schoolroom where a school can be held as well as the Association. \- The strangles has been very prevalent here among the horses." On Friday afternoon, the 19th inst., about 50 members of the Clare Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U., met in the lodge-room for the purpose of attending the funeral of their late brother, John Ellery, who died the previous day from fever. The members having been addressed by the N.G., walked in procession to the late residence of the deceased, and from thence, followed by the body and chief mourners, to the Church of England. The officiating minister having read the burial service, and the departed having been consigned to the earth, a P.G. of the Lodge read the Oddfellows' funeral service. The members again formed in procession and returned to the lodge- room. The late brother was a P.G. of the Lodge and one of its founders, having been initiated at the opening of the Lodge on the 3rd March, 1859. The boundaries of the County of Stanley, as proclaimed by his Excellency Sir J. Fergus- son, are now as follows:-Bounded on the north by the south boundary of the County of Victoria; on the east by the western boundary of the County of Burra ; on the south by the northern boundaries of the Counties of Light and Gawler ; on the west by a true north line, commencing at the north-western corner of the County of Gawler, and running north along the Western boundary of the Hundred of Goyder, to its north-west corner, then east along the north boundary of said Hundred, to a point true south of Gleeson's Hill Trigonometrical Station, thence true north over Gleeson's Hill Trigonometrical Station, until it intersects the south boundary of the County Victoria. On Friday last the sky to the east and south- east of Strathalbyn was thickly covered with dense smoke arising from three extensive bush- fires ; one apparently in the Bremer Scrub at the back of Woodchester; another in the vicinity of Kanmantoo, and another on the Day Plains. -"Southern Argus." The "Standard," of February 16, says - First-class wheat is now quoting at 4[s] per bushel delivered at Port MacDonnell, with a tendency to firmness. There is no disposition on the part of buyers to advance on their present quota- tions, notwithstanding the favourable advices by the English mail. The weather to-day and yesterday has been very favourable for stripping, and harvesting is being carried on vigorously. If the weather holds the wheat will all be housed within about a week." The "Watch" reports that "considerable business has been done in the wheat market at from 3s 6d to 3s 9d in Mount Gambier, and 3[s] 9d to 4s at Port Macdonnell. Wheat is now being offered very freely." The "Wallaroo Times" has the following:- "A curious instance of the tenacity of life in animals has recently occurred at Wallaroo. On Wednesday, the 3rd inst., the Oddfellows held their usual meeting in the building that was at one time used as an Independent Chapel. The doors were closed, and no one entered the place again until the time for the time for the meeting of the Foresters on Tues- day, the 16th inst. Much to the surprise of those who went in, they found a little dog that had been shut in without food or water for the fortnight save one day. No doubt the poor little thing was glad enough to hear the key rattling in the lock of the dungeon door-as glad as many another captive has been under similar circumstances. We are informed that he is now as well as may be expected." 