TWO YEARS' BORROWING. During the past two years the South Aus tralian Government has been operating more extensively in the money market than it ever did before. Mr. Pearce, imagining that a review 01 ine various operations wouiu. be agreeable reading to members of Parlia ment, if. not to the general public, moved for a return 'showing the number and amount of bonds sold in London by the Agent-General for the years 18C7 and 1868, also the date of sale, the premium obtained, and the amount of accrued interest at the date of each, such sale.' The information was tabled on the Sth of January, and has since been printed, so that the taxpayers may now ascertain to a pound the increase of the public debt during the eventful periodin question. The borrowing experiment is not likely to be repeated on^o grand a scale for some time to come. It will long remain, as perhaps it deserves to do, a singular episode in South Australian history. The reproductive mania inwhicb. we fore stalled our future resources to the extent of a round million sterling has now to be calmly judged by it3 practical results. Of these this return is a first instalment, and not the least important. There were bond3 sent home in 1866, we believe, thongh not to any appreciable amount. Tho present list begins with the first of the new railways — Strathalbyn and Middleton. The forty-two thousand loan authorized for it by the Act of 1866 was all placed during the early part of 1867. It was done under the old system, which Mr. Reynolds afterwards contemptuously distin guished as 'borrowing in driblets.' The original instalmeut of £4,400 was taken up on the 28th Februaiy, and the rest followed at intervals of a few weeks, terminating on the 16th July. The premiums began at £7 per cent., and declined to £4 — the latter representing no accrued interest. From £4 to £5 would be the average, apart from inte rest ; and that, though small, was better than any terms which could be effected in the colony. About the same period one or two of the local Banks had made a very profitable purchase of new bonds at about 103. The most correct idea of the subsequent rise will be obtained by regarding this 103 as the starting point, and the 104 .to 105 of the Strathalbyn Railway Loan as the first advance. The second transaction was the loan for the Dry Creek Loop- line, a paltry eighteen thousand pounds, which according to the driblet policy had to be subdivided into three lots. The first five thousand was taken up on the 31st July at £4 10s., equal to £4 net premium. The second lot, amounting to £8,700, was issued on the 6th August at £4 153. ; and the last, amounting to £4,900, on the 6th August at £5, both ex ceeding £4 net premium. Two other loans were being nibbled at in the same way when Mr. Reynolds took office— the Port Wake field Tramway and the Main Roads. The former was opened on the 15th August with £7,000, which realized £5 10s. gross pre mium, or £4 15s. net. Oiher amounts, varying from two to twenty-seven thousand pounds, were issued at intervals down to the 29th November. The . highest premium obtained was £7 10s. on October 16, which, deducting accrued interest, would be £5 15s. net In the end of November there was a balance of over thirteen thousand pounds out of , the original seventy thousand. The Main Roads Loan was twice operated upon in No vember—first for four thousand, and then for twenty-five thousand pounds. The premiums varied from £7 10s. to £8, or deducting accrued interest from £5 to £5 10a. net. The highest premium obtained under the old arrangement, when bonds were sold in small quantities, was £5153. That was the second stage in the development of South Austra lian credit. In the next transaction South Australia appears for the first tune as a really national borrower. A definite prospectus was placed before the public; a sum was asked worth tendering for, and proper competition was excited. The merit of this improvement is undeniably due to Mr. Eeynolds. When he returned to the Treasury early in 1867he found thirteen thousand pounds of the Port Wake field Railway loan, with ahundred and twenty seven thousand of the Main Roads loan, were still unissued. By throwing them together he obtained the respectable sum of a hundred and forty thousand pounds, which he forth with arranged to issue simultaneously. The tenders were opened on the 10th December, and as interest was not to commence till the beginning of 1868 there was no complication from that source. All the premiums obtained were net premiums and something more; for, to be exact, twenty days' interest ought to be added to them, averaging 6s. Sd. per cent. Bat as the money is not generally paid up at . once that advantage may be waived. According to this return, in which faQ particulars of the transaction ar§ given, the lowest premium was £7 3s. and the highest £8. This was the third stage .in our national credit, and we suspect the climax. It completed the borrowing of 1867, and made up a total sale of £286,000, on which the average rate of premium obtained was £G 16s. 9kd. per cent. In 1868 there was but one operation, though it exceeded in amount the thirty or more which had taken place in 1867. The issue of 10th December had cleared off all the small loan bills passed during the session of 1866-67. It will be remem* bered that in the following session Mr. Reynolds got all the new railway loans in cluded in one Bill— The Railway Purposes Act, No. 28 of 1867. The gross amount it authorized him to borrow was over eight hundred thousand pounds, , and he began with a clear half of it. By the August mail bonds to the value of four hundred thousand pounds were sent to the Agent-General, who advertised them In the lieginning of October, and appointed the 13th of that month for opening tenders. This case differed from the Ia3t as regards interest, the January coupon being attached to the bonds ; con sequently there was interest from 1st July to be reckoned in the premium ; say three months aud a half, equal to 35s. The tenders ranged from .£7 53. to £S 10s. 6d.— one half of the total amount being at £7 13s. 6d. The average has been reduced to £7 12s. lOd., from which 35s. deducted for interest, will leave £5 17s. lOd. as the net premium. This was a decrease of about thirty shillings as compared with the rates of December, 1867. By the ordinary rules of computation 30s. per cent, would produce six thousand pounds on a total of £400,000! The gentleman who does the ' Colonial Banking' for the Times must, therefore, have had very big spectacles on when he discovered that the loan had realized twenty thousand pounds less than it might have done but for the Northern Territory. The tighter state of the market in October last than in December, 1307, might naturally have prepared us for less favourable terms, and after all si.t thousand pounds is no ruinous loss on a transaction of such magnitude. If, as i3 reported, the Victorians are to be disappointed to the extent of £3 per £100 on their two million £5 per cent loan, the gross deficiency will be sixty thousand pounds. Will 'A Colonial Banker' be able to say for which of their political transgres sions that judgment shall have fallen upon them? For our own poor part we may be well satisfied with our recent financial expe rience — satisfied both with the management of the loans and with their result. The £6SG,000 of English capital for which we have made ourselves responsible during these past two years ought to sober down the most flighty and ambitious Treasurer. Mr. Reynolds haj relieved us from all anxiety as to the principal of the loans, and the chief concern of his successors must be— the interest. Resignation of VonnrrEKB Officers.— We have heard that Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, of the Volunteer Military Force, has tendered the resig nation of his commission to the Government on account of the receipt of a circular, referred to in the Register of Tuesday. -Lieutenant Cunning ham, of the No. 1 Company of Infantry, and Knsign Train, of No. 2 Company (Duke of Edin burgh's Own), have also sent in their resignations. Supbeite Coubt— Bajtco SITTINGS. -Subjoined 13 the cause-list for to-day'a Sittings in Banco:— May v. May, Jacomb v. Macgeorge, link v. Clarke, McLean v. Clarke, May v. May. Mail Passengebs.— The passengers booked to go by the outgoing mail are Messrs. J. Hope, S. P. Creagh. and T. Eyan, for Marseilles; Mr. P. D. Prankerd for Southampton, Mr. A. Maude for Madras, and Mr. J. H. Finlayson for the Sound. The Real Pbopertt Act.— We see. from the usual monthly official return, that the number of transactions in the Beal Property Office during February last was 461; fees of office, £4S6 9s. 6d. ; and value of land brought under the Act, £34,778 The corresponding figures for 1S68 were 529, £544 18s. 6d., and £36,903. HOBTICDLTCBAIi AND Fl.ORICDXTOR.Vti SOCIETY. —The monthly meeting of this Society was held on Tuesday at the Norfolk Arms. Present— Mr. W. Everard, M.P. (President). Di. Wylde, F. S. C. Driffield, R. Ingleby, A. Loutit, B. D. Boss, J. G. Hoffmann, J. Howell, and W. Hackett, Hon. Sec. The report of the Sub-Committee relative to the taking of tickets and money at the door was again considered, and ultimately allowed to lapse, the Committee being of opinion that no better arrange ments could be made at present The disposal o a considerable number of additional subscribers' tickets was reported. A box of six seedling apples, raised by Mr. C Giles, seru, was received from Mr. J. F. Pascoe. They were considered to be very fine, but closely resembling the Emperor Alex ander. The question of giving them a certificate as being a distinct variety was discussed, aud adjourned to the next meeting. The Secretary was instructed to get three of the boxes used in exhibiting- cut flowers painted light green, pale stone colour, and white, by way ot testing the best colour as a background. The Secretary exhibited a fine seedling rose, grown by Mrs. Glen. Dr. VVylde exhibited 24 seedling varieties of the Portulaca. Some other rare and choice flowers were also shown by Mr. Driffield and others, in cluding varieties of the verbena, mesembryanthe raum, globe amaranth (white and dusk orange), hydrangia, antirrhinum, datura, fuchsia, aud a few others. Stbeaky Bay.— From this distant region, on February 26, our correspondent writes:— 'A Sun day-school has been opened under the superinten dance of- Mr. Bell in his schoolroom. Mr. O. K. and Miss Richardson have given the aid of their experience, but there is a deficiency of teachers. The Lucy left here last Tuesday, having been de tained a day by the refusal of two sailors to do duty; but, after a night in the police-cells and an interview with the Special Magistrate in the morn, ing, they thought better of it and agreed to work.' Bush Fires at Port Lincoln.— There have been several bush fires in the Port Lincoln District, but only one where serious consequences might have arisen. This occurred on the property of Mr. Mortlock, M.P.; but fortunately the home stead was saved by a change of wind. Mr. EL J. Smith, S.M., held an inquest, the result of which has not yet reached us. Yield of Gbaet in Victoria — The Argus, in its Agricultural Report of February 24, thus closes its remarks on the unofficial wheat returns from various districts:— 'The inference deduced from the whole of these returns is that the yield of grain in the colony has been much below what we may call a good season's average; but, in fact, we learn nothing more from them than was well known before, namely, that the yields varied widely even in limited tracts of country. However, the general average will be obtained shortly, for the Crown Land Bailiffs have commenced collecting the statistics in different parts of the country.' MB. MONTGOITEBY AND Mb. COPHN.— The Hokitika Daily News remaiks:— 'We hear on good authority that Mr. Walter Montgomery will, with Mr. George Coppin and a Email dramatic company, commence his New Zealand tour early I in March. Hokitika will be his first port of call. and arrangements will be made to enable our 1 citizens to judge for themselves as to the merits or ' demerits of this much-praised and much-abased actor. Theatre Royal— He wa3 a sensible fellow who made the 'special request' for a repetition of 'All that Glitters is not Gold.'' We presume he i thought the company, and, the piece had not | appeared to full advantage last Friday, and that j another rehearsal would exhibit great improve ment. It certainly did, the playing throughout being more easy and vivacious. The principal actors all appeared much more at home than hi the first representation. Miss Juno, in particular, tad revised and elaborated her Martha Gibbs. As given yesterday, it was a well matured, and on the whole impressive character. Miss Juno suc ceeded better than usual in repressing the tendency to monotony which is to be the danger of her style. The distinctive force which underlies it lenders it difficult to vary; but the actress keeps well on her guard, and carefully strives to appreciate every new situation into which she is thrown. In her appeal to Stephen Plum, after being insulted by her fellow-workers in the factory, there was an archly-simulated indignation, which showed a different kind of woman from the Martha Gibbs of the drawing-room. 'Xhe solicitude with which she watched Lady Valeria was the most marked expression she achieved. The proposing scene with Stephen was still rather bald, and a tr.fli stilted. It afforded scope for a mingled play of emotions, which is seldom brought out of it however. Mr. HilTs Toby Twinkle, and Mr. Bellair's Stephen Plum, are also characters which would grow upon an audience. Stephen improved with the improvement in his supporters, and bat for occasional outbursts of stageiness, be would have been a thoroughly brusque natural Lanca shire man. All the others were tolerable in their several lines, and what could not be commended could be forgiven, with the exception of our old friend the Baronet. Mr. Beeves has done much during these two performances to bring baronets as a class into disrepute. According to his picture of them, they must be addicted to substituting pokers for the upper part of their spines, to wearing their hats in the presence of ladies, to talking like juvenile amateurs at the '?My name is Norval' business, and to looking like Sarah's young man having his ' Sunday hout.' Elocution like Sir Arthur LasselTs should not be wasted on anything under 'Hamlet' or 'Mac- beth.*' For the sake of the public as well as for bis future convenience we advise Mr. Beeves to spare it. A very agreeable performance ended with a repetition of ' My Wife s Second Floor.' The Agricultural Assas in Flinders.— Surveyors have arrived on the land to survey the agricultural areas near Port Lincoln, lately pro claimed; but the Government, in our local corres pondent's opinion, have made a grand mistake, which he considers will be found out when the work is done. He states that patches of about 20 acres are only to be found here and there, and that it is killing the geese that have been laying golden eggs. Gold.— A beautiful nugget, weighing 23 dwts. 6 grs. of pure gold, was bought on Saturday by Messrs. J. & G. Wilcox for £5 5s. It is worthy of note that this is, although comparatively small when placed beside the products of some fields, believed to be the largest piece yet found at Yatta, the gold there being for the most pait in dust and shot. - Pobt Lincoln Cbgps.— The. farmers in the above district have not yet finished reaping. The yield varies greatly, but the samples generally are good. Bed rust has been serious in some sections, and some complain of takeall. Exploration Beyond Fowler's Bat.— Mr. Wilson has been exploring the country about 110 miles from' Fowler's Bay, where he has found abundance of water about four feet from the surface at this season, but very little herbage for sheep. Messrs. Schilling & Gray's well-sinking at the Bight is at a standstill. Labd Act Credit Clauses.— In spite of the advertisement published by the Attorney-General on Thursday last, on the occasion of the Agricul tural Show, there has not been a rush to take up under the credit clauses of the new Land Act country which has passed the hammer. Up till 4 o'clock on Tuesday, March 2, fire hours after the first opening of the office, not a single application had been lodged. Unwelcome Attentions.— Of all the annoy ances to which a man contemplating a pleasure trip can be subjected none is more utterly unpalat able than the obtrusive attractions of a creditor. To be suddenly stopped in the street by a bailin's officer and reminded of a liability which there was not the least intention to repudiate is, to say the least of it, provoking. Careful tradesmen, how ever, have very little respect of persons when they have a suspicion that their interests may suffer if they become over delicate. Scarcely a steamer leaves without one of the passengers being sub jected to the polite interruption of a 'civil pro ceeding.' Yesterday one of these little events oc curred in King William-street in open day before a large congregation of interested spectators. A young man, well known in sporting circles, whilst taking a drive along the street, was stopped by one of the emissaries of the law, and served with an official document. In an incredibly short time he had taken legal advice, gone through a certain form of declaration before a Magistrate, and was permitted to go free. It was evidently all a mistake, which did not require any length of time to remedy, aud we only mention it because those who saw the first part of the affair probably did not witness its finale. Weather at Fowler's Bat.— From Fowler's Bay on February 20 we hear that the weather was very hot from the (Jth to the 19th. The ther mometer has stood there at 110' in the shade, and in the sun at 126°. On the 20th there was a change to cold wintry weather. Police Cchjbt Revenue.— Eight persons who were on Monday morning in the interests of public morality called upon by Mr. Beddome to pay fines of £10 each and costs, a total contribu, tton to the revenue of over £S7, had it been paid either from necessity or choice were, in default of payment, all lodged in gaol for one month. Fining of JIarket-Gardeners.— In our adver tising columns will be found an announcement by Mr. B. Vaughan, of the East End Market, to the effect that he had nothing whatever to do in causing market-gardeners to be fined at the Police Court for obstructing the roadway in East-terrace and Handle-street. Fowler's Bay Jetty.— The settlers in the Fowler's Bay District have been waiting for the long-promised jetty. The members for Flinders will probably make some enquiries as to the inten tion of the Government, for the jetty is much needed. The Oyster Trade.— There is a cry out about oysters at Port Lincoln, the ground in Proper Bay being nearly worked out; but a few enterprising persons have gone to Coffin's Bay to try what can be done there. The great difficulty is the overland carriage to Port Lincoln. (From yesterday's Evening Journal.] . The Late Coach Accident at Glenelg.— We stated yesterday that several passengers accused Edward Book,' the driver of Cobb & Co.'s coach, of reckless driving, both on Monday morning and on other occasions. It appears that their opinion is diametrically opposed to that of several other gentlemen who are in the* habit of going by. the coach which Book drives, and of some who were thrown from the coach and even hurt at the time of the capsize. There are now before us letters from Beven gentlemen, all of whom speak of Book in very high terms, and express their belief that the accident was in no way attributable to him. Some state that they have been driven by him morning and evening for a considerable time, and never knew him to be guilty of reckless driving, and one adds that besides beiDg a constant passenger with Rook between Ulenels and Adelaide, he often went with him on the Wauaroo mail, and always considered him a good and caref u driver. Every writer refers also to his general good and obliging conduct We need hardly say that our only wish is to do full justice, and that where we would not shield a reckless driver, we should be very sorry to convey an unfavourable impression of a man who did not deserve it. Perhaps one of the gentlemen whose letters are before us has come very nearly to the truth in attributing the accident to 'the sharpness of the corner and the top-heavy nature of the vehicle.' The Late Instance of Drowning in the Murray.— It will be remembered that a few days ago we reported the death by drowning in the Murray from the Moira striking a snag, and thus throwing him overboard, of Mr. Charles Edward Pickhills, a younger brother of Captain Pickhills, of the steamer Queen. That gentleman now in forms us that he waited near the spot for five days, and had a number of blacks diving for the body, which was recovered on February 18 about a mile lower down than where the accident happened. The deceased was a fine, promising young fellow, who had been a great favourite. He was buried at Lake Victoria. A Southern Excursion Trip of the Eleanor. —On Thursday, February 25, a pleasure trip was taken in the steamer Eleanor by a large party of residents of Willunga and adjacent districts. Arrangements made the previous week had, owing to the visit of the Royal Duke, been postponed, but the latter day fixed being the same as the Royal Agricultural Society's Sliow many were prevented enjoying the water trip. About 200 excur sionists assembled on Port Willunsra Jetty by 8 a.m., the hour fixed for starting, and between 40 and 50 visitors from the City and Port were already on board. The weather was in the morning rather gloomy, and the sea a little rough, but as the day advanced it became calmer and brighter. A call was male at Yankalilla, whereabout 50 additional passengers assembled; but owing to the low water at the jetty end they had to come off in boats, causing half an hour's delay. Shortly after starting, creature com forts were liberally distributed by Captain Wells, to which those not too severely afflicted with mal tie mer did justice. The steamer sailed close in shore, to give pleasure seekers an opportunity of observing the bold and rugged coast-line ; and, after crossing the Passage, the outward journey was brought to a termination at Hog Bay. Kangaroo Island. The day was too far advanced to permit of landing, but time was afforded for a good view of the coast, and then, with increased speed and a fair wind, the head was turned homeward. Ten minutes sufficed to land the Yankalilla contingent, as the vessel lay aloag side the jetty— it being full tide— and at about 8 o'clock p.m. Port Willunga was reached. After having there discharged her living freight, the steamer proceeded to Port Adelaide, where she arrived about midnight The excursion was planned by a Willunga Committee, who have yearly organized a similar trip ; and it is gratifying to know that not only were all the arraHgemen efficiently carried out, Bet no pecuniary loss was sustained. The Christian Disciples.— From the Pioneer for March, regularly received, we leam that the Christian Church, of which Mr. H. S. Earl is Pastor, has rented Freeman-street Chapel, the property of the Stow Congregational Church, for tiro nights per week, and that so soon as the baptistry is completed the prayer meetings and baptismal services are to be held there. 