WE halIve j.l3t p L'sed t ouIolg a; must dis..a trois winter ; go where you will the tracas of the damnge d.,ne by the floods is to be seen,-fences washed away, bridges destioyed, fertile fields stripped of their soil. or the crops covered with a layer of drift sand. in many places to such an extent as to destroy them; and though in many low lying locali ties the crops will be extremely light, still there has been a wonderfil growth of grass all over the colony, and even whore the crops h ive failed the silver-grass and other kinds have sprung up with wonderful rapidity and strength. The tall seed-stalks of the kangaroo-grass and silver-grass af6" fastdrying ripe, and though there is now a good lively green uudergrowth, still there can he no doubt that a few hot days will be the means of relieving the grass of any moisture there m ly be left in it at the, present time, and even worse disasters than the flo.ods will menace the country, unless the greatest care be exercised by travellerl and others in the use of fire. The grass is so long, and so abundant that it will require miost strenuous exertion to prevent the spread of a bush-fire when once started ; indeed without help an isolated farmer may be burned out in a re m uikably short timne if once the bush in the his neighborh:lod should le fired by accident, carelessness, or design. I; is not alone in the use of fire that c iree i recesiiry, but pre c.Ition should bet t:iku br the fraiiners to plough round their holdings with a vie v. to check the spread of ýre to their property which may originate in th1 hush outside their holdings. The floods wtre bad enough, but unless the greatest precaitions are taken to guald against fire duringlthe present summer, the flood damages wil be insignificant compared with the' possible loss by by fire. It is the duty of everyone to keep a sharp look out; travellers after cooiing their food should carefully extinguish their fires and take care to leave no sparks be hind them, as a wind may spring up and scatter the handful of fire which uightdo thou ands ofpounds worthof damage and ruin many famalies. It would be.well if some attempts were made to promote a mutual understand ing in different localities pledging people to turn out and assist to extinguish any fire which may occur near them, and ic would also be well if the usual notices, were posted up relative to the act for punishing parties for carelessly using fire in the bush, as some new chums-aire ignorant of the fact that grass will burn, till they see it, and then they are bewildered by the rapid advance of the con flagration, and some of the old hands are rather careless in the use of wax matches. VE have often advocated the genenal ob servance of a lialf.holiday in the middle of the week, say Wednesday or Thursday afafter. noon, anl we see no reason why the idea should not again be brought forward and acted on. On former occasions when the sul ject has been entertained, some one, (or per haps two parties in business, have refused to comply with the otherwise general wish, and and rather than see them gain anything by their apparent selfishness or narrow-minded ness the important matter'has been permitted to drop. But we -trust that an endeavour will be made to induce all parties in business to close their establishments with a view to give themselves and those employed by them an opportunity to relieve the dull rou tine of the week with a little wholesome re laxation by a change of work, which is pro verbially as good as a rest. No one would lose anything by the proposed course; for if all the stores were closed on a certain after ternoon the same amount of business could and would he done without any great incon venience or pushing to get through. The principle of a weekly holiday if once estab lished would be a blessing both to masters and assistants, especially during the summer months, when the hot weather and the long hoursina shop relaxes the nerves and produces drowsiness and a mild form of stupidity in those who have to keep on taking down rolls ofcalico, ribb ,ns, musin, and other flimsy articles and then roll them up again, from .\londay moruing to Saturday night with no spell between. We may be told that it is not a hard 1~fe to stand in a shop and serve tilgetty customers froln one week's end to the other, and we must admit that it is not quite as bad as life on barid of a Scotch coaster, but it nmust also, be alhnitterl that it is not in this place necessary to keep a lot of people in the various places of busilness the whole of the week without any int .rv:i of relaxation. We think the principle of a weckly genernl hall holiday deserves a trial, and l e are also of oinion that if it lid a trial it.womld be fiound to suit both employer andl employed ; the former woud lose nothing and the latter would lie a great gainer. A man would come up firesh to his work after his half-holiday, and be able to to keep him. self awake for the test of the week. 