GENERAL NEWS. The Menindie correspondent of the Adelaide Observer notices the probability of the departure of Dr. Barry Colter from Menindie; and states that if such an event takes place there will be a distance of 600 miles—from Wentworth to Bourke—including the two townships of Wil- cannia and Menindie, without a resident legally qualified medical man. On the 14th February three men attempted to escape from Brisbane gaol. Two of them got away, ran for about a mile and a half, and were then recaptured. It appears to be definitely ascertained that the supposed ship on fire, reported in reoent Melbourne papers, was nothing more than a bush-fire on King's Island. The European Mail states that Auckland has been fixed upon by the Astronomer Royal as one of the stations for observing the transit of Venus ia 1874. Diphtheria is making wholesale attacks upon children in the Mount Alexander diatriot. A dastardly attempt was made on the 21st to upsct'the three p.m. down train from Melbourne to Eohuoa. According to the Melbourne Daily Telegraph, the driver of the engine reported to Mr. Manby, the station-master, that he had passed over some obstruction about two or three miles from Eohuca. He proceeded back with the engine, and found three pieces of old fencing rails placed on one line, within some thirty or forty yards of each other. They presented the appearance of having been struck by the guard iron of the engine. The driver also stated that he felt something shake his engine a few miles further on'near Thomson's gate, and when they proceeded there found that a sheep had been paased over and killed During the day a tele- gram waa received by the Commissioner of Rail- ways^ in wbich it was announced that the culprit had given himself up. He is supposed to be insane. The flower show at the Horticultural Society »n Thursday and Friday was very successful. The Herald speaks of it as the best show yet given under the auspices of the society. Prospects at the Thames gold-fields arc said to be again brightening. Some very rich stone "like a jeweller's shop," has been taken from a reef At Point Russell. The N. S. W. cricketers are said to be engaged to play a match at Ballarat, after the conclusion of the Intercolonial match at Melbourne. VANE THE BUSHRANGER.-Vane, the bush- ranger, was liberated from Darlinghurst Gaol on Wednesday ; the unfinished portion of his sen- tence having been remitted. It will be remem- bered that Vane delivered himself np to the police at the entreaty of a Roman Catholio clergyman, and his eonduet during bis incarcera- tion has, we understand, been most exemplary. He is now twenty- eight years of age, a fine able-bodied young fellow, and if his protesta- tions may be relied upon, the clemency of the Government will not have been misdirected. JStWt lÀftfFtb. 26. About eight o'clock last evening the bearings of the engines in Kendall's Sour mill, off Argyle street, were ignited from friction, and caused a small blaze, which however, being at once notioed, and treated with the application of a few buckets of hot water drawn from the boiler, was soon extinguished. The damage was alight. No. 2 Volunteer manual fire engine was speedily in attendance, but its services were not required. Afternoon Telegram, Feb. 26. OPENING OF THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY TO WALLERAWANG.-The Government have de- termined to open the extension of the Great Western Railway for passengers and goods traffic to the Mudgee-road Station, on Tuesday next, the 1st proximo. Mr. Whitton, the Engineer in-Chief for Railways, and Mr. Moody, the Tramo Manager, leave Sydney this morning for Wallerawang, for the purpose of making all necessary arrangements. The contractors are now laying the permanent way between the Mudgee-road Station and Rydal, and they are bound to complete the line to the Utter place early in April. In all probability the line to Rydal will be opened by the end of that month. -S. M. Herald, iii. 26. Some very valuable agricultural machinery, consigned to Messrs. W. G. Ainsworth and Son, was landed yesterday from the «hip J. C. Munro. Among other items we may mention an improved traotion engine, of fonrteen-horse power, manu- factured expressly for the requirements of the colony, which combines in its construction all the latest improvements.-& if. Herald, 26(A Feb. A publican at Port Lincoln, South Australia, named Owen, bad lately a drunken customer, to wham-he refused more liquor. The inebriate declared he would help himself, and attempted to jump over the counter for that purpose. Owen, who is Bald to be very excitable, took a revolver from a shelf, and fired in the man's face, severely wounding the month and jaw. Owen has since been arrested. The mysterious and awful threat of " naming" a refractory member has been carried into exe- cution in the Viotorian Legislative Assembly. On the evening of Feb. 17, the hon. member for Creswick, Mr. Fraser, has persisted in behaving in an unbecoming manner (to say the least of it), when the Speaker threatened to " name" him. Mr. Fraser thereupon dared the Speaker to do it. The Speaker then at once named him, and said, " I tell yon, Mr. Fraser, that you are guilty of disorderly conduct, and I call upon the house to deal with you as a disorderly member." After a considerable amount of disorder Mr. Fraser's friends got him out of the house. PROGRESS IN THE DARLING DOWNS.-The Waruide Argus states:-"It is very evident that this seotion of the Darling Downs is be- ginning to stir itself. No less than one hundred and eighty-four claims for the franohise have been sent in for the electoral district of Eastern Downs, and ninety-seven for the town of Warwick. There is very little difficulty in understanding this. An independent class ia growing up amongst us, who are resolved on having justice done in the working of the Land Act, and in other Acts as well" Mutilation of books in libraries is not confined to West Maitland. The Queenslander com- plains that Pring's statutes, in the Sohool of Arts, Brisbane, has had the act relating to Licensed Hawkers and Pedlars out completely out. Several destructive fires are reported m the Victorian papers Mr Surveyor Liddiard had his tent burnt at Rosedale, Gipps Land, and only saved his instruments with diffionlty - Extensive bush fires are reported between Wal halla and Toongabbi.-Two homesteads, and a large quantity of grain, were consumed at Whorouly, in the Ovens district, through the insane practice of burning off the stubble at a season when everything is as inflammable as gunpowder -A farmer namedTaylor, atBenalla, has been burnt out, owing (it is supposed) to the aot of an incendiary -A stack of barley con taming nearly 700 bushels, and a quantity of rye, straw, &c;, were destroyed at Bacchus Marsh, having been set on fire by a spark from a threshing machine The mechanical resources of Victoria appear to be, in some respects, superior to those of New South Wales, for the Goulburn Meat Preserving Company have had to order the machinery and plant they require from a Melbourne firm Mesan O Bobardt and Co Mr Walter Macfarlanes patent for raising sunken vessels by means of air bags has been successfully tried at Melbourne on a small boat, sunk for the purpose The chief peculiarity of Mr Macfarlanes process consists in a novel mods of attaching the air bags to the wreck AFFGHAN LABOUR IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA - We learn from the Adelaide Observer that the speculation of importing Afghan labourers for the northern part of South Australia seems likely to prove more troublesome than profitable These men have been engaged as shepherds and camel drivers Some of them have been sum manly dismissed from their situations, and have visited Adelaide, where the novelty of their ap- pearance and dress has excited much attention Bush fires have been alarmingly prevalent in the direction of Bacchus Marsh. A station belonging to Mr. Brown was nearly destroyed, j The Wangaratta Dispatch says that the past Bummer has been the hottest ever known in the Ovens district. There has been nevertheless an abundant harvest, and the vintage promised well. Some very destructive fires are reported in the Avoca Mail, and large quantities of grain are said to have been destroyed. In one instance near Lexton an incendiary is supposed to have been at work. The harvest yields are regarded as satisfactory in some parts of Victoria. At Beaufort, accord- ing to the local paper, wheat has turned out less than was anticipated, but oats have yielded from 30 to 50 bushels per acre. At Shirley the ave- rage yield of wheat and oats together was about 20 bushels. A wooden hotel at Faraday, Mount Alexander, was burnt to the ground on the night of Feb., 16\. The family narrowly escaped with their lives. PRESENTATION TO MR. JOHN FAIRFAX - During the past month Mr John Fairfax, the senior proprietor of the S. M. Herald, has re- ceived as a united present the photographs of nearly the whole of his employes, neatly ar- ranged in an oval form, and framed, the picture being abont four feet by two feet six inches. The artist, Mr. Schroeder, of George-street, has succceeded in producing a life like likeness of almost every person in the picture, the photo- graphs being in the vignetted style. With the exception of the principal figures, which are somewhat enlarged, the photographs are of the ordinary size. The central figure is, of course, Mr John Fairfax. On either side are the photographs of the two junior proprietors of the Herald, Messrs James and Edward Ross Fairfax. Above and immediately surround- ing the central figure are the photographs of the editors and other members of the literary staff. Around these again are arranged those of the persons engaged in the publishing and mechanical departments In all there are 109 photographs. A numbered index gives a finish to the picture. On the top is a likeness of the late Mr Charles Fairfax, whose memory is held dear, and without whose well remembered face the donors thought the picture would be incom- plete The presentation was made by the Rev J West, senior editor, and was accompanied by an address, to which Mr Fairfax replied - S. M. Herald, Feb 25. NEW DISEASE IN FRUIT TREES-A now disease in fruit trees in the district of Upper Tarcutta is brought under notice by the Wagga Wagga Advertiser, whioh says that people are complaining of a destructive visitation in the shape of a minute fly, having a red body, striped with black, and block barred wings, and fur nished with a trunk or sucker liko a mosquito, or anelephan t, with whiohitperfcotly perforates ripe fruit (more especially the peach), and extracts all its juices, thdtresidue falling to the ground a mere husk or sponge, without a particle of sac charino matter left in it These pests are re- ported as making their approach in countless myriads, an eye witness stating that the fence surrounding the orobard specially referred to, appeared absolutely scarlet with them, and they were piled on etch other an inch deep ! If this plaguebecomes general, we may expect the effects to be moBt serious next year. THE WESTERN RAILWAY.-We understand that the extension of the Great Western Rail- way from Bowenfels to Wallerawang, better known perhaps as the Mudgee Road station, will be opened for passenger and goods tramo on the first of next month. This extension will be of the greatest possible advantage to Mudgee and Bathurst, as the necessity of carriage up Mount Victoria and other steep hills will now bo obvi- ated. Presuming the Bathurst traffic togo to the Mudgee Rood station, all the precipitous hills on the Western road will be avoided, and the distance between Sydney and the metropolis of the West will, in point of time, be consider- ably abridged.-Herald's Summarg, Feb. 25. ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.-About two o'clook yesterday afternoon, a well-dressed female, ap- parently about thirty years of age, was seen to walk down the landing-stage of the North Shore steamers, Circular Quay, and throw herself into the water ; once in, she seemed to think better of it, and screamed for aid. This was promptly rendered, and the woman was speedily on ferra firma, when two of the water police took her in charge. She seemed to be labouring under great mental excitement, and, refusing to walk to the station-house, compelled her custodians to carry her part of the way.-S. M. Herald, Feb. 26. Beechworth is said to be one of the moat ele- vated towns in the colony of Victoria, and yet the heat last week was something terrific, the thermometer frequently marking 110° in the shade. At Wangaratta, Chiltern, and other low- lying localities, the heat has been con- siderably greater. Sickness is very prevalent, and cases of sunstroke have been frequent. THE INJECTION OF AMMONIA.-Some time ago Dr. Halford suggested that the injeotion of ammonia into the blood, which had proved beneficial in cases of snake-bite, might be of service in the treatment of disease. The Mel- bourne Argus says:-"Dr. Tyler Smith, of London, used it with perfeot success in a case of puerperal fever (blood poisoning), in whioh the patient was tending rapidly towards dissolution. Dr. Smith said that he had never before seen a patient recover from a similar oondition. Mr. Richardson, of Dublin, injected it several times beneath the skin only in the case of poisoning by tincture of aconite. The woman was pulse lass, and the extremities cold as death. She continued pulseless for thirty-five minutes. After the fourth injection the pulse returned," and recovery soon followed. A slough, about the size of a halfpenny, followed one of the in- jections." Some short time ago, according to the Ballarat Star, a traveller at Soarsdale de- scended from his buggy to transact some busi- ness which occupied some time. The horse got tired of waiting, and presently started for home. A gentleman seeing the ooourrence, stopped the horse and buggy, and not knowing to whom they belonged drew them up in front of an hotel. Some time afterwards the owner came out, and not Beeing his buggy, concluded that the horse had gone home, and proceeded to trudge along after it. On passing the hotel he did not notice the vehicle, whioh was in the shade, and he would have gone on but his little dog persisted in jumping up and barking at him, and finally seized him by the clothing until he looked round and found the missing vehicle. The Warrnambool Examiner reports an un- usual case of childbirth. The wife of a labourer i,.jned Brett gave birth to three chil- dren-two boys and a girl. All were doing well A threshing maohine belonging to Mr. Kidd, of Glenlyon (saya the Daylesford Mercury), by a simple contrivance separates all the sorrel seed from the wheat. Sorrel is said to be a peat to the farmer, although it is sometimes useful to the grazier, inasmuch as stock eat it greedily, and it flourishes when there is no other green food available. The Ballarat Star says that the orops of Mr. Ewen Stewart, of Cairngorm, were almost en- tirely destroyed by fire on the 19th February, having caught, it is supposed, through a spark from the ploughshare. On the night of the 17th Feb. the house of a poor widow named Wells, near Majorca, was burned down, and three children had a narrow escape. A narrow escape from a horrible death is re- ported in the Ararat Advertiser, An old man called "Old Harry" went to bed slightly in- toxicated, and somehow managed to upset the candle. The hnt being of bark quickly caught light, and the old man must have been burned to death had not his mate managed with some difficulty to rescue him. AMMONIA CUBE FOB SNAKE Bira.-"Near Tumbarumba, on the 10th instant," writes a local correspondent of the Albury Banner, " a woman named Allen was bitten by a large brown snake. On receiving the news in the town, several parties went to render assistance, and ammonia was administered both inwardly and by injection in a vein just above the bite. This was at one o'elock, three hours after she had been bitten, and at whioh time the poison was making great strides over the whole body. After the first injection she visibly improved for a short time, and then relapsed. At three o'olook a second injeotion was given in the same place, with a dose inwardly, but the result was not so good as at first. The woman now seemed sinking fast, with bitter reaching,, great pains in the stomach, and overpowering sleepiness From this time till nearly sandown all hope of saving her seemed bat faint. She went into strong convulsiona, her tongue protnding, and jaws firmly set. Water was poured over her in large quantities, and her feet placed in the same. THa seemed to revive her somewhat. At six o'elock another injeotion was given in the left arm, with good effect, qniokly followed by another, and from this time until eleven she visibly improved, the ammonia now getting the upper hand. At twelve p.m. she seemed to be again sinking, and another in- jection was given in the right arm with good effeot, for from this time she qniokly rallied, and at two ajn. was able to take some tea, and shortly afterwards was allowed to lie down. She was kept continually on the move the whole time. The only effect which she now feels is from the ammonia, which has caused a stiffness in the arms, but is fast wearing away. The first two injections were administered through a piece of grass perforated, and placed in the nose of a common syringe, the vein having been opened and the grass inserted well into it This operated equally as well as those made for the purpose. The after injec- tions ware made from a syringe on Professor Halford's principle, it not being procurable at the commencement. It was a crest blessing that the means made nae of saved the patient's life, for she has a large family of young ohildren, who have to dopend open her for their support. ' A grand review of all the troops of the gar rison of St Petersburg bas taken place m honour of the Emir of Bokhara A force of 40,000 men was assembled on the Champ de Mars His Majesty's special escort waa composed of Georg ians and of Tcherkesians, in coats of mail and helmets of steel, and other Caucasian troops elad, with great splendour, in their national costume The members of the Bokhara mission were astonished, and deolared that the riches of the Czar surpassed those in Mahomet's Paradise A great feat was accomplished last week by Mr M'Calmont, an officer of the 9th Lancers, who backed himself to ride from Newbridge Barracks to Island Cndge Barracks, Dublin, a distance of twenty five English miles, in one hour twenty five minutes The start took place at 615 a m, and at 7 32 the arrival was recorded, Mr M'Calmont thus winning his match by close upon ten minutes The horse was an old well seasoned hunter, and not at all distressed by his long journey It bas been found that the Kilkenny hounds were poisoned with stryohnine Eight hounds died from eating the poison laid for tbem at Ballyhnoh Bridge 