THE GOLD-FIELDS. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—Will you permit me through your valuable paper to speak a word in favour of the search for gold, as I see that "One well acquainted with Gold-fields" says, with regard to a royalty, that it would be next to an impossibility for the Government to ascertain the quantity of gold obtained, and that the reputation of the gold-fields would suffer to a great extent. Now, Sir, why not adopt the same plan as Victoria, and collect the duty or tax from the gold brokers and bankers, as it would most decidedly be the "best to levy a tax or duty on gold rather than demand 10s., which maybe the only money a poor man has, and yet he may like to try his luck. There need be no difficulty in the way, and we should then see our gold-bearing country better tested ; whereas now a man dare not sink a hole without a licence, and he may have a few days that he would like to spend that way. The Writer referred to also said that the revenue would be too small. It might be small for a time until our gold-fields are opened up; but we cannot expect to get them opened up under the present system of charging 10s., to be paid in advance. I may say that gold exists in the ranges between the Jupiter and Meadows, I having obtained ozs. of beautiful water-worn gold, one nugget weighing half an ounce. I may say, to help the small revenue, the best plan would be to put a ten-shilling tax on every, man who carries a gun in the bush, for that wants checking, as so many are endangering people's lives and breaking the Sabbath, to say nothing of starting bush-fires. I am. Sir, &c..; GEORGE PREWETT. Glengrove, Dash wood's Gully, January 29,1870. STEAM TO THE WESTERN PORTS.—We are requested to state that, owing to the steamer Lubra being on the slip, the Royal Shepherd will take her berth for Ports Lincoln ana Augusta, and will not call at Wallaroo until further notice. - FAVOURABLE PROSPECTS AT PORT AUGOSTA.— Our correspondent's letter of January 31 says;— " On Tuesday wo had some more splendid rains, commencing lightly about 8 a.m. until 10, when it fell heavily until 0.30 p.m.—quantity by gauge 1-495 inches. The roads were flooded, and several houses had three or four inches of water on their floors. Trenches had to be dug from abreast the Post- Office into the Gulf to carry off the water. The Kanyaka mail arrived two hours late, which was very good work indeed considering the weather the driver had to contend against, and the Adelaide mail was 23 hours late, but these are occurrences that do not often happen. We are having a splendid ; season, with any amount of grass. The same \- sort of weather seems coming back that they had about 12 or 14 years ago, according to the old ! residents. _ The weather is now very pleasant, ' and the wind is southerly and fresh." 