Phwce op Wales's Birthday.— Thursday, the day «n, which the Prince of Wales'9 Birthday ?was observed, was perhaps the most generally kept, holiday of the year. The weather was ,4eBghtful]y fine, and our citizens seemed to turn but en masse for a day's pleasure— a pursuit that all achieved. We give in another column an account of the principal demonstrationa whkh marked the festive occasion. The Viceregal Visitors. — We are in formed that His Excellency Governor DuCane, the Hon. John and the Hon. Mabel Manners Sutton have left Melbourne in the Aldinga on a visit to His Excellency the Governor and Lady Edith Fergusson. The Hon. Mrs. DuCane has been unable to leave Melbourne yet, but intends to follow on Tuesday next. We are requested *o state that Lady Edith Fergusson'a dancing party, at present fixed for Tuesday, the 15th instant, is postponed till Monday, the 28th. Red Rust Ravages.— -We regret to learn that red rust prevails to a large extent in the South, in many cases having ruined the.crop. One farmer near Milang states that if he gets seed and flour off his wheat land (350 acres) he expects no more. The blight is worse in the neighbourhood of the Lake at present, but is rapidly extending its ravages inland. Lament- able accounts have also been reported from Lower Currency Creek. Some agriculturists have made up their minds to let the wheat stand and rot on the ground, as it is not fit even for hay. At Mosquito Creek, Mulgundawar, and Lang- .horne's it is making fearful havoc. A settler at the first-named locality goes the length of stating that they will have no wheat there. It is sad to see some of the fields, which a short while ago gave promise of much more than an average yield, now shrivelled up and sapless. At Port Elliot the weather has lately been favourable for vegetation, which in some places is splendid. Continual complaints are, however, being made of red rust in certain localities. On Hindmarsh Island whole crops will be destroyed. Mr. W. Metcalf, a practical farmer, states that he intends to burn his as soon as it is dry enough, considering it to be too much injured to be fit for anything. In the neigh- bourhood of the Finniss there are fields seriously affected; but in the hills near Port Elliot the farms are comparatively free, and the same remark will apply to Hindmarsh Valley. Mission Chubch, Lefevhe's Petcjstoa. — The want of a place of worship in connection with the Church of England on Lefevre's Peninsula has long been felt; ani encouraged by the success attending the establishment of a Mission Church in the District of Alberton, a movement has been originated to supply tho requirement of the neighbourhood. A pre liminary meeting of members of the Established Church was accordingly held on Wednesday evening, at the Exmouth Hotel— the Rev. S. Green in the chair — when resolutions were passed affirming the desirability of erecting a Mission Church on the Peninsula, and arranging for a public meeting to be held for the further consideration of the matter. Some conversa tion took place in reference to the best site for the building, and the gentlemen present pledged themselves to use their best endeavours for the success of the project. Thk Bazaar. — Tho fancy sale in aid of the Building Fund of the North Adelaide Baptist Church closed on Thursday evening, November 10\. During the afternoon the attendance was Email, but at night the room was crowded, .and goods amounting to over £53 were sold. The bazaar has realized over £220, and a great number of articles still remain on hand. War Relief Fond.— On Monday evening, October 31, a meeting, fairly attended, was held at the North Blinman Hotel, when Mr. J. P. Buttfield, S.M., read au interesting paper on the aspects of the war, and appropriate resolutions were adopted. To a subscription-list over £20 'was subscribed, and a circular was prepared to be sent to surrounding stations. A collection was also made on the previous Sunday evening. Entertainment.— Oh Thursday evening, No vember 10, in the Temperance Hall, North Adelaide, in connection with the Total Absti nence League and Band of Hope Union, over 140 persons had tea, and afterwards the Hall was well filled with an audience who seemed pleased with tho excellent recitations and song3, which, as there was no printed programme, cannot bo particularized. Captain Bagot pre sided, and addrosses advocating teetotalism were given by_ Messrs. C. Priest and S. Pickering. An amusing piece, entitled 'The Trials and Troubles of a Publican,' was spiritedly carried out by the juvenile members of Mr. Le Cornu's Band. Good selections, capitally rendered by the Hindmarsh Brass Rand and Glee Club, wero not, however, improved by the presence of an instalment whose notes strongly resembled the melodious strains elicited by youngsters from. a comb and paper in the old-fashioned style. The audience adopted the usual means of expressing admiration by insisting upon numerous encores, imposing a severe tax upon the performers, and tending to make an otherwise attractive pro gramme tedious. The Murray at Mannum. — The steamer Nil Desperandum is occupied in crossing sheep at this port for the Hon. John Baker. The river is falling at the rate of 3 inches in 24 hours. Overland Telegraph Poles. — Near the Sliding Rock Mine a number of drays and wagons obtain fine poles for the Overland Line. There are stated to be any number of them to be obtained in the hills, but loads are not very easily brought out in consequence of the diffi- culties in the road. Strathalbyn Crops .— On farming prospects our local correspondent writes to the effect that he may be thought over sanguine, but he repeats that most of the crops are still looking splendid. Red rust has appeared here and there, but the generally healthful state of the grain and the fine condition of the land he regards as great causes for entertaining hope that the wheat will be strong enough to repel attacks, or at any rate that disease will not have so much power as it otherwise would. Sudden Death. — The Mount Gambier Standard reports that on Monday an inquest was held by Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M., at West Adden Farm, Torrensdale, on the body of Georgina Vause, wife of Thomas Vause, who had died suddenly on the previous evening. Thomas Vause, husband of deceased, last saw her alive on Wednesday, when she appeared in good health, only complaining of a pain in one shoulder. She had always enjoyed good health, and had had no serious illness for 17 years. Mrs. Fernee was with deceased the previous afternoon. She complained of a soreness in her shoulder and back. At 9 or 10 o'clock she again complained of her shoulder, and said she would get some mustard to make a plaster for it. Witness, hearing a fall, went into the front room, and found deceased lying on the ground close to the cupboard where she was going for the mustard. Deceased looked into witness's face, but did not speak. Her face looked pale, and her eyes were turned up as if she was in a fit. She did not struggle much, but groaned two or three times. She died in a few minutes. She had not been taking anything unusual for tea, or any medicine, to witness's knowledge. Lydia Vause, daughter of deceased, corroborated the evidence of last witness, and said her mother seemed in consider able pain in the left shoulder. Had heard her complain frequently of this pain, but she was always able to go about. Dr. Wehl deposed to having made a post mortem examination. Upon examination of the heart found a small ulcera- tion, which went through the right ventricle and allowed the blood to escape into the peri- cardium. This was quite sufficient to cause death. The ulcer must have been of long stand- ing, as it had gradually grown through. Other wise there was no appearance of disease in the body. Had no doubt that death resulted from natural causes. The Jury at once returned a verdict of "Died by a visitation of God, in a natural way, and not otherwise." Entertainment at the Port.— It will bo seen from our advertising columns that a literary and musical entertainment is to take place at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, this evening, in aid of the local Institute. The Rev. J. C. Woods will deliver his lecture on ' The Writings and Genius of the lato Charles Dickens,' and a number of lady and gentleman amateurs have undertaken to give musical selections. Country Flour Mills. — At Milang, Mr. Landseer's mill is rapidly being completed. The masonwork is finished and the frame of the roof on. THE BUSH FIRES ACT. Stubble-burners and bush-fire kindlers, beware ! is the warning for this time of the year. The provisions of the Act for the pre vention of bush fires have been so often digested, and are regularly brought under the notice of the public in such a variety of ways, that few of those whom it may con- cern can plead ignorance of their prohibition and penalties. They, or at all eventB a por« tion of them, are now in full operation, and the luxuriant vegetation following upon a specially favourable season renders their rigid observance peculiarly necessary; One of the minor inconveniences of a particularly good year for pastoral purposes is the extreme risk from fire. Those who have been rejoicing in the beneficent results of a continuous rainfall throughout the country are now meditating with some alarm upon the corresponding disadvantages. The section of the Bush Fires Act that takes effect earliest in the year is the fourth, which places an embargo on the use of ignitable wadding in guns used for sporting purposes between the months of September and April inclusive, the penalty for breach being £5. For the most part, however, tho restrictive provisions only apply from the 1st of Ndvember to the end of April. Clause 2 only extends from the first-named date to April 15. It is directed against the burning of. stubble, hay, or grass unless between the hours of 6 and 10 in the afternoon, subject to it power of modification vested in District Councils. Clause 3 recites the safeguards that the person burning hay, grass, or stubble must observe to place himself beyond liability to a fine of not leas than £3, or not exceeding £10. The first is at least one day's notice to adjoining owners and occupiers; the second is the engagement of at least four persons to assist in preventing the spread of the fire; the third is the ploughing or clearing at least three feet in width round the boundaries of the field to be burned; the fourth is that in no case is the fire to be lighted other than during the four hours above specified. It ought to have been mentioned that sportsmen are liable during the months o£ September and April aforesaid to have their guns examined by the owner or occupier of the land over which they are passing or by his servant. Any resistance or refusal to furnish names on the part of the trespasser is punishable with a fine ranging in amount from £2 to £5. The sixth section is directed against in discriminate fire-lighting in the open air by travellers. It stipulates that the quid pro quo shall be the obligation to clear a space all round ten feet in depth, and to extinguish the fire before leaving the ground. The penalty for disobedience cannot fall below £2 or go beyond £5. The seventh section provides as follows:— 'Every person who shall at any time during the months of November, December, January, February, March, and April smoke in the open air within twenty yards of any stubble, or of any rick or field of hay, corn.straw, or stubble, unless within a town, shall on conviction thereof forfeit and pay a sum of not less than 10s., nor more than £2. The eighth enacts that if any person within the months of November, December, January, February, March, and April shall employ gunpowder or any other explosive mixture for the purpose of blasting any trees, wood, or timber, without having at least four persons present to prevent any fire arising therefrom, he shall upon convic- tion thereof forfeit and pay the sum of £5. These are the principal provisions of the law affecting evil doers. The mode of enforcing the penalties is very clearly set out, but that is not material. It is enough for offenders to know that the machinery for executing summary justice upon them exists, and that if their offences go unpunished it is not because the Act is faulty. The class that stands most in need of admonition, however, consists of the negligent and careless rather than the out-and-out incendiaries. Fires in the bush are occasioned much more frequently by inadvertence than from malice aforethought. This year, for reasons already mentioned,, there is special occasion for care. 