NEW SOUTH WALES. (FR05I O'jn OWN COnnESPONDENT.) ' SYDNEY, DEC. 30. Tho close of tho year does not absolutely ?witness the closo of our elections, but it docs very nearly. Only four contosts remain to be decided, and only one of them is for an ordi- nary electorate. But for this electorate ono of .the candidates is the Postmaster-General, who having boen rejected by his own con- stituency has fallen back upon tho neighbour- ing district of Monaro. All tho other members of the Ministry have been returned, and oven Mr. Egan's defeat, if it should happen, would not much disconcert Mr. Robertson, for he Í3 the least valuable member of the Cabinet, and might be replaced by Mr. Cowper or be sent into the Upper House. Ho is noithor strength nor ornament to a Ministry, and the sole reason for keeping him in is that ho is the only Roman Catholic in the Cabinet, and the Ministry must pay some court to a sect that has worked so hard for thom at the elections. The new Solicitor-General, Mr. Salamons, is a Jew, and as the Treasurer, Mr. Samuel, belongs to the same persuasion, there might be some grumbling if there were two Jews and no Catholic in the Cabinet. We have not yet arrived at that pitch of Christian civilisation which will admit of dispensing with inquiring into a man's religious opinions before his fitness for political position is de- termined. The thi ce concluding elections are those for the threo goldfields-north, south, and west. These are rather anomalous constituencies, but aro intended to provont tho disfranchise ment of the gold miners. But it cannot bo said that hitherto the miners have done much in the way of sending good men to Parlia- ment. They have generally sent in inferior men, the only one of note having boen Mr. J. B. Wilson, tho late Ministor forLands, whose first appearance in Parliament was as a re- presentativo of the Southern gold- fields, and he was at the time practising as a medical man at Braidwood ; so that out of their own class the miners have not as yet been ablo to select a really competent representative. Yet they are constantly complaining that thoy aro unrepresented, that their wants and wishes are neither attended to nor understood, that regulations are appliod to the gold-fields which are totally unsuitable, and that laws that ought to oxist remain unpassed. Whilo, however, thero is much grumbling on the gold-fields, there is a groat want of definite and practical suggestion, and our successive Ministries, with the strongest possible wish to propitiate the diggers, really do not know how to do it. They generally fall back on the advice tendered by tho gold commis- sioners, which, howover, is not always uni- form, and which generally has to be filtorod through other official media before it sees the light in the Gazette. It may, perhaps, surpriso some of your readers to hear that our witty and almost universally popular barrister, Mr. Dalley, has been defeated, and that by a very large majo- rity. This is the first timo that ho has been so sei ved. If he had wished to on ter Parlia- ment and had como out earlior, he could havo gone in with flying colours. But ho has per- sonal reasons for wishing at prosont to re- main in private life. Only tho intonso neces- sities of his party, the oarnost entreaties of his political friends, and the feeling that his church was attacked, could induce him to go so far as to allow himself to bo nominated. But ho could not or would not travel to the Lachlan, and this indolent kind of election- eering has resulted in his defoat by a local man. Now that tho elections are nearly over, both parties are beginning to count their strength, and both profess to bo satisfied witb their supposed victory. The consti- tuencies havo not been particularly respectful either to Ministers or ox-Ministers. Mr. Cowper was ingloriously defeated for Eist Sydney, Mr. Robertson had a hard fight to get in for the Western half of the city, and Mr. Foster and Mr. Egan were both rejected by the constituency to which they first ap- pealed. On the Opposition side, Sir James Martin failed for Newcastle, and Mr. Eagar and Mr. Wilson havo not succeeded ingottiug in at all. So far as the purely Cabinet ar- rangements, therefore, are concerned, the Government has como off best. Sir James Martin finds himself minus two of his former colleagues, while Mi. Robertson is not in any way hampered. It has beon often thought that the city elections give the key-note to the country, but even if this is so, it is equally true that they sometimes piovoko a reaction. This has been the caso during the picsent elections. Never were the Roman Catholics stung into such activity as by tho ultra-Protostant vic* toiy which sent Mr. Buchanan in for East Sjdney. Thoy havo worked with a will, not to say with a vengeance. Mr. Buchanan's de- nunciatory haiangne on the hustings has everywhere stung them to tho quick, and their zeal was never moie intense. Mr. Robertson, who in tho first instance was surprised at his defeat, is now equally surprised at his subse- quent success, no thought his causo lost after the Sydney elections, but with tho in- domitable pluck which is ono of his good qualities, ho showed no sign of foar, and fought an up-hill gamo with unfaltering energy. The Catholics aro in great forco in the country districts, and they havo helped him with all their onergy ; and somowhat to their own astonishment as well as that of others, they havo succeeded in putting nearly twice as many of their own number into Par- liament as before. They will in the first in- stance probably all bo faithful adherents of Mr. Robertson. There aro at present a great many neuttals. Sooner or later, of course, theso gontloraen will have to take their sido ; but at prosont it is fairer to count them all as Government supporters, bocauso thoy are certainly bound to give the Government a trial. It was ori- ginally the intention of the Opposition, in tho first flush of their triumph after tho Sydney elections, to havo plannod a voto of want of confidence immediately on the open- ing of the session; but if they wore to at- tempt any such scheme now it would bo a failure. The neutrals could not support such a schomo. Mr. Robertson, theroforo, will open Parliament, if not with the assurauco of a majority, at least with the assuranco that thore is no majority against him. He has a fair chance beforo him, and it will de- pend upon his tact and his behaviour how long ho will keep his position. A deputation from the iron trades waited yesterday on Mr. Sutherland virtually to ask him to do a little stroko in the way of protec- tion. Mr. Sutherland is tho only protec- tionist in the present Ministry, and is there- fore, to some extent, in an anomalous posi- tion. There are certain woiks to bo carried out at the head of Darling Harbour, into the construction of which iron will ontor largely. The deputation wanted tho Ministor to havo the ironwork mado in the colony. Person- ally, ho would havo beon quito willing to accede to the request ; but then, ho said, the Ministry of which ho was only one membor was a free-trade Ministry, and tho Parliament was a free-trado Parliament, and the com- munity was a frce-trado community. Ho was willing tu go as far as he could to moot tho views of the artisans, but ho could not pro- mise them that ho would act in opposition to the majority. Ho admitted, however, that in this particular work the cost would bo in- creased 30 per cent, if the material were not imported ready made. This incroaso of cost is treated lightly by tboso among whom the money is to bo spent, but it is viewed in o different light by the majority, who havo te pay it, Harvesting operations aro now becoraini pretty general in the cenmtry, and thero hai not been such a season in New South Walei for a dozen, some^'%THf|fcc|ro,if"1'^!aVs. The rain has fallen just in the way°best suited \- to vegetation-frequent showers and no floods. The country looks beautiful. Feed was nevermore abundant, and the stock can- not possibly cat it down. When the gross gets drier, bush,fires are likoly tobe extensivo. The wheat is in first-rate order, and I have heard in some cases of enormous yields. But those persons who employ labour complain that labour is both scarce and dear. Reapers will not face the standing crops except at high rates, and most of our farming is on such a small scale, and also on such defectively cleared ground, that machines cannot bo advantageously omployed. Our agricultural statistics aro so inefficiently and so tardily collected, that there is no means of giving any reliable estimate as to tho quantity of wheat the colony will produce this year. Everything, is guess-work. All that can bo safely stated is that the quality is good, and that the quan- tity must bo greater than in any previous year, and prices aro likely to rulo low for some time. In somo of the country districts it is said that they will not be more than £3 a ton. The Trunkey gold-field seems very slow in developing its resources. Three machines aro already at work, and two othorsaro on the ground, yet there is not enough to koop fully employed those who aro at work, Somo of tho claims aro said to be turning out very well, but in others the good stono is said to exist only in patches. The public excitement in Sydney as to the prospects of gold companies seems to have quieted down. None of the companies formed are holding out any imme- diate prospect of dividend, and the stato of the sharo market seems to intimate that in- vestors fear that tho chances of a return aro inconveniently romote. At the same time all who visit Trunkey oxpress the opinion that it will bo a permanent and ulti- mately a prosperous gold-field, but that it has boon prematurely rushed into notice, and that a fictitious value has boen placed upon claims to suit tho purposes of speculators. A good doal of prospecting is now going on for gold, and though there is no appe- tite in Sydnoy just now for public companies, and caution is the predominating feeling, still there is a growing conviction that our mining industry offers a wide scope for enterprise, and that if post oxperienco can bo turned to good account, and oporations can bo judi- ciously carried out without oxfcravagant con- cessions to promoters, and without an exces- sive eagerness for immediate dividends, very satisfactory results may be obtained. In s pi to of the discouraging results from a fow bubble companies, mining industry is looking up, but the great difficulty experienced by those who aro seriously turning their atten- tion to mining affairs is tho want of tho- roughly honest and competent mining ma- nagers. There aro " Dousterswivels " in abun- dance, but thoro is a plentiful lack of mon who can be trusted a hundrod miles away from ovorsight. 