TELEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. SYDNEY. Herald Office, , Tuesday, 8 p. ME. ROBERTSON informed the Assembly to day that Mr. Cowper had accepted the Agent-Generalship, and that the Ministry intended to resign ; he -would introduce a Bill to.continue the Stamp Act until the end of March, and move a vote of supply for a month. Mr. Consett Stephen has resigned his seat in the Assembly, and leaves for England next week. The full Court have confirmed Campbell's conviction for the Pohlman's murder, and also that of Taylor and Irons for fraudulent insolvency at DenUiquin. THE second, monthly meeting of the Building Society was held at the Pastoral Hotel, on Wednesday evening last, at 8 o'clock. Until further arrangements all future meetings! (will be held in the same place. The: first general meeting was held under most disa'dvantwgous and discouraging circumstances'; for it will be remembered that on the;v3lst October the river was in the town,' 'a heavier flood was imminent, and the' roads were impassable. Still, shares to -the value of £601) were subscribed for. The meeting of Wednesday evening .was again adversely affected by the opening of the' bazaar and the general excitement of the pastoral show just concluded, and the races in perspective for the day following, with visions of PaBtoral Association dinners, race balls, and promenade concerts. Not withstanding all this, however, new shares to the value of £370 wero subscribed, and the new institution may bo congratulated on having made so faira beginning. A CASE of shop-lifting, rather an un common offence in Wagga, occurred on Tuesday or Wednesday last, at Messrs. Love and Roberts's store. A woman who on several occasions has been seen hawking goods about the town in a basket, was in the store on Tuesday, and was served by Mr. Love with some cheap lace, a ad was also shown some much more expansive. She re turned on Wednesday and again asked for la-.e, when sh; was Her.ed hy one of .the assist tut 3, Mr. Dun.vell. 0. . U* - was a bo.< containing so.na valuable Helton and Maltha lace, and on -Mr. Dauwell tuin in" liis back for a nw.nrai, it is »aPP0jH4 that the wJunu managed to abstract and secrete two cards, one of Honiton ^ ^ other of Maltese lace, vduoaresooeUv-eyafc 14a. and 5,. 6d per yard- He missed them, and communicated his sus picions to Mr. Riberfcs, bixt a case of suspicion, the woman was allowed to depart, and information with her des cription was given to the police. . By some strange fatality the supposed thief that same afternoon found lur way to the ...ww deuce of the Sab- Inspwstor ot Police, Mr. Meares, and sold to MM. Meares two yards of Houiton lace for 3s .a yard. She was arrested the next day on tha raoe-coursa with a cart containing a great variety ui hawker's goods, but none of the stolen lace, and on Monday,, after a long hearing at U" Police Court, was committed'to take her trial for stealing at the next Circuit Court. We learn from our Narandera corres. pondent, that an old hand upon the river, lately, shepherding at Medium, named Doadd, was missed one evening last week from his hut. His flock being fomidwith out him a great many hands turned out lor the purpose of searching. Ho was found in a sitting posture upon a log, quite dead, lio apparently had been dead five day?, rhe police were informed, and an order ob"aiued from a magistrate for his burial . , : . ? THE settling-up for the late meeting took place, as usual, at the Australian Hotel, on Saturday at noon, and passed off in the most., satisfactory mauner. John Laitcli,.. Eaq., occupied the chair. Mr. Iliife was the chief winner, and Mr. A. A. Devlin the next on the list. On the toast of the winners bemg proposed by the Chairman, Mr. Hiffe rep ie in suitable terras, and said that lie trusted he should see Wagga again at the nest annual meeting. Mr. Arthur Devlin, who also returned thanks for the manner in which liis'health had been drunk, seemed rather put out with the novelty of his posi tion, as on all previous occasions when he; had raced horses, ho had had the pleasure of returning thanks for the losers. Mr. John Bowler returned thanks for the toast of, the losers, and said that, notwithstanding his defeat on the present occasion, he was no att all disheartened, but would again try his . luck at the uext opportunity. He also com ph rneatpd the stewards and officers of the Club ! in the highest manner for tha straightfor , %ard manner and correct way in which the racing and all other.arrangements connected, with the meeting had been carried-out. The 1 usual toasts of the Stewards, the Starter, the . 1 Clerk o£ the Course, ami the other officers .of j the Club were drunk in the most enthusiastic manner; and after the Chairman had pro-. I. posed the healths of Messrs. W. N". Waller 1 and C. Mi Lloyd who ware unavoidably pre vented from being present and taking their , usually active part in the proceedings, the meeting broke up. THE Annual Race Ball, which suems to have become part and parcel of our. Annual Meeting, took place on Friday evening last at the Commercial hotel, and as usual was a great success. There were abou t sixty people present, and dancing was kept up in the most spirited manner until daylight. All arrangements were very , good, and supper, which was served about 12 o'clock, was got up in Mr. John Clark's usual first- class style. A FOOT-R.A.CB that excited some interest came off on Saturday last, at Mr. Tibeando's. Star Hotel, between the-well-known amateur Macbeth and arunner of some repute named Grady. The race was for £7, and the dis tance 50 yards. A good start was' effected, Macbeth having rather the best ot it. tie maintained his lead for some distance, but was eventually overhauled and passed by his better-conditioned opponent, who won a fast race by about half-a-yard. Tke usual monthly meeting of the Hos pital Committee was held.on Monday night, but there was a very Bmall attendance. Some accounts were passed, and Messrs. Love, Bergiu, and Hooke were appointed sub-committee for the month. The following are the visiting committees for the month : Messrs. Cottse and Fitzhanlinge, Tompson and Nixon, Baylis and Mair, Elliot and Bergin. It was stated that the Committee had purchased from Dr. Morgan the follow ing instruments A case of Luke s Splints, for £4 10s. and a Skinner's Chloroform Inhalar, for 12s. 6d. A PETITION is about to be forwarded to Government for the erection of a bridge across the Striuiy Bark Spring Creek, on the road to Lake Albert. A bridge at this spot is much needed, and it is thought that a - suitable structure might be erected for £100. The matter was brought by Mr. Heath before Mr. Chanucy during his last visit, when that gentleman said that if the resi dents raised £50 he would recommend the Government to contribute the balance. Considering what a favourite drive tho road to that beautiful spot Lake Albert is with the people of Wagga, there should he no difficulty in raising the necessary amount to improve it with a bridge. THE grass ill every direction is so abund ant this year as to suggest that farmers and, others should beware of bush- fires, and that persons camping in tho hush should take care to extinguish their fires before leaving their resting places. Much loss and damage have been caused by the very reprehensible carelessness and neglect often displayed hy travellers in this respect, and it should be borne in mind that a heavy penalty can be inflicted for the neglect of the above duty. The Act directs that it shall be lawful for any person whomsoever to apprehend any person who shall be found committing any offence against any of tho provisions of this Act, and convey or deliver him to a con stable ; and further, that if any person shall resist or assault any person acting in execn tion of the provisions of the said Act, every such offender shall be guilty of a misdemea nour, and bo dealt with accordingly. Ilf the Victorian Assembly last week, Mr. G. P. Smith fell out with the Ministry, and crossed the floor a£ the House, threatening to oppose the Government in future. ? 'A"\ Bcene took place between Mes8r3. Vale and Blair. The latter insinuated that Vale was a liar, when he retorted that Blair was either drunk or .insane. THE vine disease, oidium Tuckerii is doing considerable damage in the Queanbeyan dis trict . \- JPHU supposed Narandera murderer Jamos Clarke alias Dignam may bo expectcd here about the 12fch instant. Inspector Singleton, we understand, has telegraphed to the police here instructing an escort to be sent to meet him on that date, and stating that there is 110 doubt he is the right man. From the Chilfceru paper we learii that the prisoner .was brought bofore the Wangaratta Bcnch yeste-day week charged with being impli cated in the murders of the brothers ! Polilman, at Naraudora. Constable Gaunon, j stationed at Oxley, de-posed that he arrested ; the prisoner on the description published in the Police GazctU of the 6fch May, 1SGS. On arresting the prisoner he acknowledged having coiuc from New South Wales at about the timo the brothers Pohlman were murdered. He also acknowledged having a sheep-dog with hiin. Asked, him whore the sheep-dog was now. He replied that it had got lained by Nat Campbell'3 dog. Charged the prisoner with complicity in tho murder. He confessed to having been in Campbells company at Oxley, previous to his (Camp bell's) ar.rest. On questioning him, he also acknowledged having been digging in New South Wales. He could give no definite account of his whereabouts at the time the murders were committed. Prisoner is with out his front teeth. By prisoner : . You told me you had been working about Oxley Plains for the last twelve months. . You told rue that you had been in the 40th Regiment. You also told me that you had been wool- . washiug for Mr. Samuels, at Liverpool, New South Wales, in; 1868. -By the Police and the Bench : I interrogated the prisoner .'before arresting him. . The prisoner after wards stated that he had'never heard of the murder. The prisoner wasremauded to Wagga. Wagga. [It will be seen from our telegram that'the conviction of the prisoner C/ainpbell has been confirmed by the Court in Sydney.] Wis understand that the Police Magistrate, Mr. Baylis, has obtained two months' leave of absence, and leaves for Sydney/about Saturday next. . ' A STRA.N"OE and rather singular, accident occurred one day last week to a man named Nash at Brookong while driving a team of bullocks. In makiug a blow at an obstrep erous young bullock the lash caught him in the eye and nearly whipped it out. He was brought into Wagga and placed under the care°of Dr. Lyons, under whose skilful treatment he is progressing .favourably, though there is 'little chauce of sight, being recovered. THE grazing capabilities ? of the under-: mentioned runs having been found on appraisement to have.been increased :by arti ficial means to tho extent required by the provisions of the 15th clause of. the Crown ? Lau(ls Occupation Act of 1831, the duration of the existing leases of the runs in question has been extended to ten years, at the same reut aud on the same terms and .conditions as the original leases Laehlan district Bolavo, East Gogelderie, Gogelderie, Narrau darai, Uar, Uoka (Weeogo), . Watfci' Creek, Warry, Wongajoug, Yanco. Murrumbidgee "district- Book Book, Bourke's Creek, B ick hargringle, Dudal Comer, Dutzou, East Mit- j tagaug, Eagan Cyeek, EliElwah, ,Bli Elwah (block B), Green Hills, Grubbon Plains, Hill side, Kyeamba, Mangoplar, MB1O,)1, Mitta gang, Mundawadera, O'Brien's Creek,.North- , east°Mangoplar, Peveusjy Back Hun Pullitop. Sandy Creek, Ten-mile Creek, Toogoombie,. Woomargama, Yanco (block E.) HIUKEY and Bush, according to Sell's Life, have again been matched, this time in light akififs, for £100 aside. They are to row in the Tim Whiffler and the Barb, and were to toss for choice of boats on Monday last, riie match will take place over the usual championship course on the Parramatta River, aud will be decidcd on the ~ith instant. We hear that Dick Green will tram Bush, and. this -will give Rush's friends additional confidence in their man. A ROCKHAMPTOX paper gives an interest ing account of a very gentlemanly " Alli gator " living in that neighbourhood. He is described as being twenty-five feet overall, has an astounding appetite for everything, including fish audfishing nets; has_ a '"long pocket," and is a great, admirer of cleanliness, as he takes his "hath' daily, with all the regularity of a de vout Mussulman. Various attempts have been made, but hitherto unsuccessfully, to introduce this amphibious "Longfellow" into society-the Rockhamptonists having an idea that if he remains much longer in those I parts, there will be a considerable addition to the list of " missing friends," and a hoavy crop of " widows' weeds.1 THERE is a " fortune " waiting at Murrur rundi for any medical man who likes to take the trouble of going for it, provided he is the proprietor of two very excellent things m their' way-a wife and. Colonuil experience ; the Murrurrnndians requiring the former as a guarantee of the doctor's " morality," and the latter as a proof of his professional skill. Dr. John Bowie would answer admirably ; but then, unfortunately, he cannot be spared by - hie political patients iu East Sydney, besides-which there is aomo prospect of his being again called upon to " prescribe » for the people throughout the length and breadth of the Land. A RA.THER curious mistake occurred in making out the passed law lists, at the late Melbourne University examination, 1 appears that Dr. Dobson, the examiner, took home the papers with him, and upon an examination found that they were all suffi ciently satisfactory to warrant him m passing ?the students. Next morning, upon signing the list, while be remembered that all who i had sent in replies to the questions proposed i had earned the distinction of passing, he for I cot that two gentlemen had sent in no replies I at all, and consequently ho passed the whole i class. The mistake, as soon aB discovered, was rectified. THE Sydney papers report the arrest of a well-known Melbourne and Sydney character, "Captain" Scott, on tho evo of a yachting excursion to Fiji. The gallant officer had settled with his tailor with a bad cheque, and also purchased a yacht called the Why not, for the Bame valuable consideration. He seems to have thought there wore no reasons why his speculative investment should not prove as profitable to him as the "Vivid on a similar emergency to Mr. Burt, hut his creditors seem to have found a goo many reasons why not; and the aauoy Why-uot, and ' her doubtless by thiB time sufficiently scotty owner, are now both laid up in ordinary. . '> THE soandal-mongera of Parramntta- iC there are any in that amiable township- are just now enjoying a sensation, a well-known magistrate of the district, Mr. G. g. Suitor having been charged in the police-court with having committed an indecent assault on & child of tender years. The case was partly heard on Wednesday last, but with closed doors, both press tuid public being excluded. This infringement of the liberty of tile press has greatly disgusted the local paper, de prived as it was of such a splendid chance of a "strong" sensation column; and the editor, who is a bit of a wag in his way, iu some funnily sarcastic lines compares the Bench to "a devilish inquisition," and having vividly pictured the horrors of the time " V.'hon victims' bonos would bend and crack Stretcliod prona upon tho ghastly rack," concludes iu the following scathing manner: " It aoema as though " 'so hsar we saiil) "Justlco to Friendship has baea wed, . The poor an open Court must dread, : While W saltu can plead iu case instead, With closed doora." Shame ! ahamo, Indeed If this ho true. That laws should bend to serve the few; Repair the wrong, the bari undo. And let the blessed daylight through, "With open doora From .ill which it would seem that in spite of the "closed door.s," or rather, perlmvs, J , because of them, Parramatta. \,ai. 1 'all been done out of something to \augji at Do any. of our sheep-owners know the history of that fell disease in their favourite animal, the Btaggers? Here it is for them If 'on the authority of the greatest of living ® naturalists, Professor Huxley. In speaking at one. of the late meetings of the British j .1 Association on the extraordinary changes of ' : 1 forji which tho insects that lived in cattle ' .'] were capable of undergoing, he aaid: It j '' was not simply the egg that had to be dealt i with, but the egg plus a number of stages ^ and conditions which made it capable of i t. living in different circumstances from the ; ; . parasitic ' worm. In illustration of this he I |$ ? mentioned the disease sailed the "staggers in sheep. These were caused by the pre sence of a large endozoon developed in the brain of tho sheep, which became a bladder like substance, and ultimately caused death by apoplexy^ The history of that creators - ; was one of the most astonishing in the . , : ' world. The abominable animal existed in other conditions. If they took. A.W bv∈ of a sheep which had died of this disease and fed a dog with it, it would eat it with groat rapidity and delight, not being aware of the percentage it had to pay. The dog took in the bladder-worm, which iu his stomach became metamorphosed-it became ? a tapeworm, developed rapidly and gave rise to joints containing the ova of the creature, which it never could do in the brain of the sheep, and eventually it was passed out with tho refuse of the dog, and scattered upon tho pastures on which tho sheep were feeding. Souie of the insects would be dispersed, bat some -would remain, and it was certain that by one or other of these channels the ova . got back to the sheep. They then took a different course, and bored through the alimentary canal, were carried to the brain by the circulation of the blood, and there gave rise to the staggers. So that it iras found the best way u£ keeping ttie staggers under was to look very sharp after foa d.o^s. The " lucky digger," it seems, is not yet altogether an extinct animal, nor does he appear to be mu«h wiser than in the good old daysof impromptu marriages, " bridal cham bers,"and champaguo shouts. A fine speci men of the genus arrived the other day in Melbourne from New Zealand, en route for the old country with £450. He paid a deposit ou his passage money, and on Mon day afternoon last went to have a "look round" with £400 in his trousers' pocket. He chartered a cab, and was driven about in the orthodox " lucky digger" style till about 10 o'clock, when he was hustled into a house of ill fame, hocussed, and robbed. The next morning ho found himself in the lock-up, having been found half mad by the police in Bourke streot. So utterly was he " cleaned out" that only his passage ticket v/as leit him, which he -was obliged to sell for 10s. Throe women have been arrested, but none of the money has been recovered. UNDER the heading of "The Ministerial Crisis " tho Umpire of Saturday says " In response to the invitation of the Chief Secre tary, the following members of the Assembly met at the Colonial Secretary's office, yester day afternoon, to take into consideration the present position of the Ministry, viz. Messrs. Bawdan, Bell, Brookes, S. C. Brown, Butler, Church, Cowper, Cwnmings, Dillon, Dodds, Eckford, Fitzpatrick, W. Forster, R. Forster, Garrett, Hart, Hill, Jennings, Leary, Macleay, Morrice, Moses, Neale, Osborne, PhelpB, Robertson, Ryan, Samuel, Spring, Consett Stephen, and Sutherland thirty-one in all. The known friends of the Government absent through illness, urgent business, and insufficiency of notice, were Messrs. Alexander, Driver, Frazer, Datigar, Digbt, and Fallon. Mr. Cowper occupied the chair, and explained the objeots for which he had invited the presence of his friends oa that occasion, as stated in tho circular General expressions of confidence in the Government were given by those present, and in the' view of existing aud expected vacancies, the advisability of a reconstruc tion of the Ministry was strongly urged, it being understood that Mr. Cowper was pre pared immediately to accept the colonial agency, and to proceed to England. Under theso circumstances, we imagine that steps ?will be taken to carry out a reconstruction of the Ministry under tho leadership of Mr. Robertson, as it is impossible to understand why an Administration with such a Btroug .party at itB back, should give way to its opponents, who, though powerful for obstruc tion, by reason of causes which are lessoning in forco every day, are still a decided minority "of the Assembly.? 