VICTORIA. The Argus of Tuesday says :-Tho inter- colonial conference of delegates, representing three of the Australian colonies and Tasmania, met for tho first time yesterday, at noon. After giving tho names of tho delegates present, and the election of Chairman, it is said : A conver- sation followed as to the modo of procoduro which should be adopted as to meotings, and it was decided to moot daily at noon, and to tako first into consideration tho subject of a Customs Union. No substantial business was entered upon during yesterday's mooting. The circumstancos attending the calling together of the conference aro then given, after which it is added. This is the present Btato of the mut- ter, and in view of the important subjects which it is intended to consider, it is to be regretted that tho conforenca will not possess tho ndvan tage of having the assistance of the views of repre- sentativos of tho colonies of Queensland and Now Zoulaud, and that their decisions, when ar- rived ut, will not have the force of tho full con- currence of all tho colouios of Australasia. Tho subjects that will come under tho consideration of the conference will bo the assimilation of tariffs, tho free interchange of colonial produc- tions, ocean steam postal service, immigration,' telegraph oxtonsiou, lighthouses, legal comity, nu Australian court of appoal, anil tho external defences. Matters all of thom of the first im- portance, tho determination of which would bo a great stride towards tho federation to which the colonies aro ultimately to como. Tho Argus of Wednesday says :-Tho con- ference of the intercolonial delegatos continued its sitting at tho Troosury office yosterd ty, but tho subjects cousiderod, as woll IIB all tho matters connected with their proceedings, uro kopt strictly privoto, Tho Aqe of samo day says :-The Intercolonial Conforonco rosiimod its deliberations yesterday at noon, all tho mem- bers being present ; but from tho fact that it has boen decided that tho proceedings of tlu conference aro to bo kopt a profound socret. almost nothing of the business transacted lias transpired. Tho Tariff nnl Customs Union questions were under diso.issiou dur- ing the day, but, when tho conference roso, matters were but little further ad.'ancod than thoy woro when the sitting bogan. Tho interests of the various colonies havo already boon found to bo anything but identical ; and it is therefore arguod by somo that the mooting will conse- quently come to an early closo. Tho same papor says :-Tho representativas from the neighbouring colonios at tho Inter- colonial Conference woro present in the gallery of tho Assoinbly during the greater port of tho procoodiugs lost ovoning. The largo portion of the first hour and a half occupiod in various ways by Mr. Longmore and congenial spirits, was not calculated to givo thom a very high opinion of our loading orators, if they credi- ted impunity to respoct, rather than contempt. However, thoy stayed throughout tho education debato, in tho course of which Sir James M'Oullooh, Mr. Miohie, Mr. Higinbotham, Mr. Follows, Mr. Duffy, and othor momberaof stand- ing addressed tho Houso. Somo curiosity was remarked among our visitors to seo Mr. Higin- botham, who entered the Ohambor in the course of tho preliminary business. Tho Arqus of Wednesday says :-Tho greater portion of yostorday's sitting of tho Legislativo Assombly was devoted to the consideration of tho grant for tho purposo of education. An unloaded estimate was brought down by message from the Govornor, increasing tho amount to £189,789, and specifying tho purposes for which tho voto was to bo applied. Taking advantago of this, Mr. Higinbotham moved that the sum of £709 for salarios in coiihoxion with now non-vested schools bo struok out. To this Mr. Follows ruisod an objection that tho wholo proceeding was irregular, that no sahedulo should havo boen submitted, as to defino tho manner in which the grant should be distributed was in foot repealing a portion of the Education Act by a vote in the Appropriation Bill. A number of points, both on one side and. the other, were ««ed, which, OMI bett he underi stood by a reference to the report. Ultimately the Chairman of Committees-Mr. F. L. Smyth -ruled the objection taken by Mr. Fellows to be good. Mr. M'Culloch dissented, and on his motion, the matter was' referred to the Speaker, who decided " neither one way nor t'other." It was, ho held, not his province to interpret the statute law ; but the House could discuss a schedule brought down by message from the Governor. It was, how- ever, not proper to alter an act of Parliament by a voto on the Estimates. The House then went once more into committee, and passed the entire vote according to the estimates, although some discussion took place on the item for recouping the board the interest paid by them on advance obtained during the dead-lock. Mr. Longmore managed' to detain the House until long after midnight on this sub- ject, and only desisted from his opposition on finding himself, on his own motion for reporting progress, left in the inglorious minority of three. A fatal accident occurred on Sunday night near the foot-bridge over the M. and H. B. Railway in the Richmond-paddock. The body of a gentleman was found lying terribly muti- lated, in the track of the railway, having been run over by the 9'51 p.m. train from Melbourne to Windsor. From papers found in the pockets of the deceased, he is presumed to be Mr. T. B. Smith, lately residing at the Railway Hotel, Elizabeth-street. The unfortunate gentleman is supposed to have been a mining agent, or to i have been concerned in mining mattera, but he | did not appear to have been in difficulties, or to have been addicted to intemperance. He left the hotel about 7 o'clook on Sunday evening to visit, he said, a friend in Richmond. He is said to have been a brother to the Rev. Mr. Smith, clergyman at Duck Ponds, and related to a Mr. Birch at Sandhurst. The deceased was only about forty years old, and was a single man. There appears to have been no motive which might urge him to commit self-destruction, and very probably ho was returning from the houso of his friend in Richmond, when he fell on the line, and was run over before he could* get out of tho way, . Soturday's Argus says : Wo Understand that tho Honourable Charles^ Manners Sutton, the privato secretary to His Excellency the Go- vernor is about to take six months' leave of absenco, with the view of paying a visit to Eng- land. Mr. Manners Sutton will go home by way of San Francisco and New York, and will lie accompanied by the Rev. Mr. Sandys, the tutor to His Excellency's younger sons, who returns home, on the completion of the education of his charges. The Hon. John Manners Sutton will also, we believe, shortly leave the colony, for the purpose of entering the counting-house of tho firm of Gibbs, Bright, and Co., Liverpool. Some time shute, we, (Argus) announced that a coal seam was on fire in the neighbourhood of Cape Patterson. Wo are now informed, on what appears to be good authority, that the scone of tho tiro is between the Bass River and Cape Patterson, and that the existence of the seam at that point was not known untilfouror five months ago, when the desolating bush-fires thon preva- lent, ignited it. It is now.supposod to be a con- tinuation of the one discovered by Mr. Carew, and more than 2ft. thick. Those who are still interested in those ooal-ftolds maintain that the ignition of this coal seam is only another proof that when tho Government Geological dopart [ ment alloged that they knew every seam be- tween tho Bass and tho Tarwin they were some- what mistaken, and that those mistakes moy further go tho length of a totally wrong idea of tho coal formations in that neighbourhood. The vagaries of an eccentric lover of litigation bearing the appellation of Joseph Bragge Slack caused, says the Argus, a considerable amount of amusement, mingled with feelings of impatience and annoyance, at the City Court yesterday, during tho hearing of a charge of wilful and corrupt perjury, brought by him against a person named William Hendon Winder. Slack was an elderly man, with a face that would be a fortune to a low comedy actor, from its extraordinary mobility and capability for the execution of curiously expressive winks and grimaces. He had a smattering of law, coupled with a great memory for dates, and a conjuror-like faculty of producing law papers - especially affidavits -from all parts of his garments. When in the witness-box he had both hands full of affidavits, rolls of affidavits stick- ing out of every pocket, and more affi- davits piled up round him on tho edge of the box in such a way that at each movement he knocked down two or three, and as he was in- cessantly bobbing about, the court messenger was fully employed in picking up and replacing the fallen documents. His manner to every one in court was very impertinent, and after re- questing the police-magistrate to read aloud a certain affidavit, he interrupted him in the middle of the perusal to caution his Worship against inserting words which were not in the paper. The charge of perjury broke down com- pletely, and appeared to be an attempt to lay the onus of an inadvertent clerical error in a certain rule of administration on the shoulders of the defendant, who was administrator of certain lands which Slack claimed the right of adminis tering. The case was dismissed after some three hours had been wasted in listening to what Mr. G. P. Smith, who appeared for the defence, designated as the " ravings of a lunatic." But before this consummation had been arrived at, Slackhad grossly insulted Mr. Smith, by making use of some words to the effect that he was no statesman, and it was " No wonder that Supple tried to do for you." For this contempt of Court, which was the climax of his previous very insulting manner towards the Court, Slack was committed to gaol for 24 hours. After Mr. Smith had left, Slack offered to apologise, but Mr. Sturt, P.M., said that he could not accept the apology in the absence of Mr. Smith, and Slack was therefore sent to gaol. He was used to this, however, according to a statement which was made, that he had been under commitment for several months for contempt of a higher Court, and he philosophically gave an order for his dinner to be taken to tho gaol. A second charge of perjury preferred by Slack against a person named Gillum was dismissed at the con- clusion of the first case. Notwithstanding that the almost unanimous voice of the Legislative Assembly has decided in favor of tho abolition of stato-aid to religion, thore appeara (says the Age) to be an immiuont probability that tho bill will bo rejected by tho Uppor Houso. It is understood that it has boen decided by a majority of tho lion, members of the Legislativo Council that tho bill shall ba offered un uncompromising opposition when it comes up before that Chamber. Should the Legislativo Council take the ill-advised course indicated, it is understood that an appeal to the country will bo made at onco by tho other House, on tho distinct issue of the immediate and total abolition of stato-aid. Tho result of such au appeal cannot bo doubtful. So, in the present instance, tho obstructive policy of the Legislativo Council is likely to provo destruc- tive. No trace has yet boon obtained of tho body of | M. D'Aloustel, who hos boon missing for sovorol days past, and from the swollen stnto of the river from tho recent heavy ruins, it is moro than prohablo that the body will bo floated into tho lower Yarra, if, as suspected, the unfortunate geutlouiun has committed suicide. Of this there con bovory little doubt, and fresh strength lins boon given to the 'supposition by tho fnct that whon tho police took possession of his property they found tho newspaper report of tho late coso ogoinst M. D'Aloustol lying on his toblo, as if ho had boon reading it the last thing bufare leaving the house to which he has nover roturuod. -Age. Human nature (says Tuesday's Telegraph) is not always woman s nature, and tho long suffer- ing of n woman was shown in the Sandridge Police Court yostordoy. It will bo in remem- brance that a man nnmod Glass somo timo ago coinmittod a vory brutal assault upon his wife. Ho has huon romanded from timo to time until the woman was ablo to appear. Sho made hor appoaranoo yostorday, and doolinod to givo ovidonco against her husband, saying, to shield him, that sho had boon to blame." The presiding magistrate said that ho was of opinion that sho could not be compolled. The sergeant of polico, however, soomod dis- inclined to lot tho prisoner slip, if possible, and so produced other witnesses. Those showod that tho sportivo bruto had amused himself for tho groator part of a Sunday afternoon in boating his wifo, first with a broom-handle, noxt with a fire-bar, and thon with an axo-handlo. And yot the poor woman appeared in court bruisod and battorod, with fresh wounds on hor hoad and faco, and her brokon arm in a sling, intout only on saving tho bruto who had all but killed hor. Wo loam from tho sanio authority that a bold caso of stioking-up in Bourko- stroot, near tho Post-office, occurred on Sunday lost, about midnight. A man named Jamos Ryan was walkiugalong the Btroot when ho was mot by Mooro Boattio, a noted thief and bad character, accompanied by two other mon. Ryan was soizod by tho throat and a £l-note takou out of his pocket. Ho attompted to roBist and thon was dealt a heavy blow in tho faco, whioh knockod hint down, Hoarinjj tho disturbanoo, Constable Wellwood, who was in tho vicinity, rou up, and the assailants made off as fost as they could in different directions. The constoblo followed Beattie, and after a smart run, succeeded in capturing him. Ho was brought up at the City Police Court yesterday, and was remanded for the attondonco of tho prosecutor, who, for some reason or other, did not put in an appearance. It appears (says the Argm) that Inspectors Nicolson and Hiiro hove taken up a very digni- fied and appropriate position with regard to the capture of Power, Thoy havo declined to accept any portion of the reward offered for tho appre- hension of the bushranger. This fact is perhaps | the best reply that could bo made to the insinua tions against the morale of tho force so freely indulged in by Mr. Longmore. Under the cir- cumstances, tho Chief Secretory has directed that the thanks of tho Government be prcsonted to Messrs. Nicolson and Hore ; and Sergeant Montford has boen promoted and modo a sub inspector. The Chief Secretary also stated, last night, that Messrs. Nicolson and Hare would be promoted on the first opportunity. Ontnelathinst.Dr.O'ConnorjOfGobui'jStabbßd a respectable miner named Stillman, under cir- cumstances of a strange and painful nature. Dr. Fergusson was attending a woman suffering from fits of hysteria, and near her confinement. As the symptoms wero of a serious nature, Dr. Fergusson sent for Dr. O'Connor to consult with him. On entering tho sick chamber, Dr. O'Connor threw the patient violently on the bed, and raised her hands in the same manner over her head. Dr. Fergusson then interfered, and put O'Connor out of the room. Stillman, whose wife was attending the siek woman, knowing what liad taken place, and seoing that O'Connor was trying to forco his way into the house again, struck him, and a struggle ensued, in which O'Connor used a knife and stabbed Stillman in three places. Ono of the wounds was over tho region of the heart, but not deep ; another was about two inches and a half deep, and had evidently pierced the liver. The third, and much larger cut, was made in the lower part of the abdomen, from which the bowels slightly protruded. Stillman was immediately nttended to by Dr. Fergusson, and is setting rapidly bottor. O'Connor is in the lock-up, and as soon as tho injured man is able to attend the Police Court, the c.iso will be heard. Dr. O'Connor is an habitual drunkard, and has sovorul times boon in the lock-up for fighting. The Medical Board ought to have some authority over such a character, to provont his following a profession to which ho is such a disgrace.-Alexander Times, 