\TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM-OUB OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) THE FLOODS IN GIPPS LAND. SALE. FniDAT. The Stratford-bridge was swept away Ion Tuesday. No Bairnsdale mail has been re. ceived. The Macalister, Thomson, und La- trobe rivers are rising fast, and people aro clearing out from tho low lands. There has not been such a flood for nino years. Wo are in hourly expectation of the floods reaching this district. I 7 P.M. iThe floods have reached the Sale back woods. The usual precautionary measures have been taken to prevent loss of life. Two persons aro reported as drowned near Hey field. Fears are entertained for the safety of Pearson's-bridge, on the main road. BAIRNSDALE, FIUOAY. Tho Omeo road is impassable, and the river is bank high, overilooding tho neigh- bourhood. It never ceased raining, from Sunday to Thursday night at 11 o'clock Tho Deep Creek bridge is swept away. Great damage has boen done at Bairnsdale. The river is now falling. Nothing has been heard of the Bairnsdale mailman, Mason, or the passengers, since Wednesday. The police report that Mason, tho mail driver, crossed Pi evidence Ponds on Wednes- day, accompanied by the Delvine groom. The ponds were then low, but soon after bocame impassable. It is supposed that ho is between there and Stratford, but hemmed in by water. The English moil was sent on on a pack- horse. SYDNEY, FRIDAY. The chief engineer and accountant of the Railway department have been examined before the Assembly, respecting the alleged misappropriation of moneys voted, but no- thing has been elicited. The Martha Rideout, for California, has put in leaky. There has been a heavy thunderstorm since last evening, and the weather is again unsettled. All the points against M'Kialay's convic- tion have been decided in favour of the Crown. A very largo number of entries havo been made for the next Randwick meeting, but the lists have not been completed in timo for the closing of tho telegraph. The Deniliquin assizes commonco on the 2Dtb of April next. The Legislative Assembly are debating the Divorce Bill. Arrived.-Hawkesbury, from London. 1 ADELAIDE, FRIDAY. The weather is very hot and dry, and rain is much wanted. The corn market is firmer ; 5s. 2d. is offer- ing for wheat. Two tons of colonial currants, grown at Angaston, have been sold at £50 per ton. Arrived.-Coorong, s.S., from Melbourne. She sails again on her return trip to- morrow. 1 LAUNCESTON, FRIDAY. His Excellency the Governor has returned from his visit to the north-west coast, and is now at Entally (Archdeacon Reiby's.) Bush-fires at the River Don have swopt away the crops and buildings on several farms in that locality. Arrived.-Last night : Derwent, s.S., from Melbourne. 