'?^ ibbsb.™.^ ^aaasM^Z^ MELBOURNE. (PnOM OUK OWN CORBERPONDENT.) ? ... January 13. When will the people here, who have the framing of our laws, learn common Bcnse ? One would think the Post Office aud its collateral agencies would nave been permitted to exercise their respective functions free as air, bat no, it is not to be. Tbe new Stamp Act, by its vexatious o|.eration, has at ono fell swoop excised from uiu 1181 oi Bwmp venaow some four out o live of the pcrs ids dealing in them under the old act Not only has a heavier licence tn be paid, but the bonus oo the Bale is diminished une half. There being fewer vendors, there will be fewer sold ; people will send messages where they would otherwise write. The revenue, instead of being beoefitted, will, on the contrary, be impaired, and the inconveni ence to the public will be excessive. The new Post Office envelopes, in like manner, are doomed to failure. I was informed yesterday, - on applying at the stationer's, tbat they con be procured only at the Post Office. A great, indeed the greater. number, of the people will neither, therefore, sec nor hear of them. All this is the more vexatious, as at the rate tbefoBt Office revenue was increasing, there was a fair iirosi^ot, with the increase of .popula tion, natural and by immigration, we should not only defray the inland expenditure from the receipts, but the foreign mail service as weU. A line of Bteamers is not only mooted, but is soon to be an accomplished fact between Sydney iud Son Fraucisco via some New Zenlsnd tiort. two (if the Australian Steam Navigation Com pauy's vesaels bave already bei-n chartered uy the American Consul at Sydney to open tbe tiade, aud the whole undertaking has a more real aspect of business about it than the I'anama line. The passage will, alBO, be much cheaper. The vexations consequent u|K-n the ouuslaut shifting, as in the Peninsular and Ori euUi boats, will be reduced to a minimum, und there will be no hazard of losing a passage lor want of room. Bush-fires to tbe east and sonth-east, and poBsiuly st other points of the compass as well, Jiavo rendered our metropolitan atmosphere ex cessively sultry. Yesterday (Wednesday) the muraing commenced with a tierce hot wind. There was a change to W.N.W., but tbe heat increased if anything, and the change has thus far, been unaccompanied by rain. The sale of our mineral waters (especially the Hepburn waters) is daily increasing. When Mr. Daly, now at Ararat, filled the post of Warden at Daylesford, he had a quantity of the water from the Hepburn spring placed in a stone bottle and forwarded, hermetically sealed, to Mr. Brough Smith for analysis. For years a favorable opinion had been expressed of the qualities of this water ; yet to our intense dis gust, for I was then a resident at Daylesford, uis report was that it was utterly valueless, being aluminous to a degree, sad therefore de trimental rather than otberwiBe. Your present Police Magistrate's camp was situated within a few yards of this spring, tbe taste of whioh be may even yet retain, and be will be glad to ' hear that there is a fair prospect at no distant period that Hepburn will be resorted to by invalids, not only on account of its waters, but because some of the most pioturesque scenery in the colony is within view of it This same gentleman, Mr. Broujrh Smyth, startled me same few years ago when I remarked that Camperdown would soon lose its oharacter of being the wettest place in the West, if the timber were cleared at the rate going od, by informing me that the idea that timber in fluenced the rain fall wu sll a delusion. If such be the case, all I oan say is, that ninety, nine out of every hundred are blind to the evidence of their own senses, let alone philoso pnicaldata; but Victoria has got more than one Brough Smyth, and she will keep them, so long as the Government of the day are distin guished by what Chinamen call want of 'savee.' The cental system of weight— and it is to bs hoped the decimal system in money will follow in its wane — nas neen mootea ana recominenaea. by the Chamber of Commerce. Some of the leading millers, fUmsden excepted, promised to adopt it from the tint of February proximo, but the self-love of one or two who were not origin ally consulted, has clashed with tbe early initia tion of tbe scheme, and it is clear that the reform will bave to wait. John Bull, and the uiembeis of his family, are constantly despatch ing piuneer engines to discover if tun line is dear for an improved system of working, but soins ualook.-d-lor clog is pretty safe to be dis covered. Iu this case, human perveraity is tbe stumbling-block. The ouatomary rumours are prevalent with rennet to tbe re-cousiructiou of the Ministry. What is asserted oue day is denied the next. The journal adverse to the present state of things would seem to keep a close walcn on tbe movements of tbe Cabinet. Yeats ago I used Co tbink it a piece of pedantry on the part of the Austrian p,.Uee to uote what 1 had for dinner or breakfast, while their real efficiency iu circumscribing my movements was at aero ; but the Age spy is able to inform us what enters into tbe composition of a 'uightca)-,' and how that nightcap so made up differences as to at least postpone the exodus of Byrne and lieevea for the present. A singular case of ohild substitution, as is alleged for tbe purposes of gain by a mother at the expenses of lier daughter, came before the City Bench yesterday. A nice little plot was thereby revealed, or a nice piece of perjury. Dickens, you may depend upon it, hit the right nail upon the head when he described the old lady who took him over St. Peter's, as devoutly believing to be true the heap of romance she pslmeJ off upon him. In this case, ss in another beard at one of our suburban courta only last week, it is clear that the parties, Living brooded over a grievance in their own miuils, and formed a conclusion ss to the cause or motive, have forthwith proceeded to put into the mouth of an opposing party tbe figment of their own brains. Henoe it is that it is so hard to procure a conviction in cases of perjury. This same mental process of substitution every juryman is also doubtless familiar with ; he is conscious how he has more than once in his time been deceived thereby, and lie thinks it hard to puDiih another for an ?error into which he has fallen himself. Unfortunate Tasmania 1 Just as she at last hid come to tbe conclusion tbat her gold was a real fact, and was about to be disembowelled iu quantity, the scales are rudely cleared from her eyes by the announcement that certain of her citizens, and in the north, too, have been vic timised by three Victorian speculators, and that the so-called quartz mine— the Great Taunanian— was salted. And, unfortunately, tbougb they have got two of the cnlprits, the charge does not seem likely to be brought home, a link or two being deficient in the evidence. 