The Farm, the City, and the Sea. BY OLD BOOMERANG. CHAPTER XXVI. ON the day before Christmas all the household at Cloverly were astir at the first streak of daylight, for there was much to be done in the way of preparation for the approaching great festival of the year. The usual work in the milking yard and dairy was got through with more than ordinary dispatch, and then Ann and her mother, and Mrs. Jones (who was hired for two days), devoted their energies to other duties, which were beyond the every-day routine, for they only came once a-year. It would perhaps seem over-officious if I were to give a minute description of Ann's mystic operations at the large deal table in the kitchen, or describe the contents of her numerous jars, dishes, pots, pans, jelly moulds, etcetera. It would be undignified of me to tell, even if I had counted them, how many new- laid eggs she cracked into that wooden bowl, or how many spoonfuls of fresh butter she rubbed into the dishful of flour. I might not be thanked for my compliments if I told how gracefully she handled the rolling-pin, how artistically she chopped up a mass of beef suet, with a tomahawk, or with what bird-like penetration she searched for little pebbles, in a tea- board full of clean-washed currants. Good cooks do not like to be trifled with, so I refrain from noticing even a nutmeg; sufficient to say that Ann was very busy. She was so much engrossed with her work that she had not taken a peep in the looking- glass for an hour or more, and was quite unconscious that there was a knuckle mark of flour on the right side of her nose, where she had struck at a musquito; and when her brother Job peered through the kitchen window and asked, with a quizzical smile, "why are you like our front garden, Sissy?" it did not occur to her to reply "Because I am floury," but she said, "Go and mind your work, sir; I have no time for riddles." Mrs. Summers was as busy as her daughter, though in a more quiet way. She held in her lap a fine fat goose which she was plucking, and on a stool beside her lay a prime Christmas turkey, two pairs of pullets, and a brace of wild ducks; all wait- ing their turns to be prepared for the spit, on the morrow. Mr. Summers was decorating the dining-room and entrance hall with Christmas bushes, and Minnie was making a garland of bush flowers to put round the neck of her pet nanny goat, and also a wreath for her own curly head. Job was trimming up the front garden, and Alick was having a general sweeping up of the back yard and the front approaches to the house, while Mrs. Jones was rubbing up the furniture till it almost smoked. At bed-time they were all very tired, but there was a good deal to show for their exertions during the day, and they seemed jointly of opinion that every reasonable effort had been made to insure the comfort of their expected visitors. CHRISTMAS DAY. The morning broke bright and clear; not a cloud could be seen, except clouds of smoke from bush- fires on the Currajong Mountains. As the sun mounted to the zenith it was felt to be Christmas weather, and the thermometer, in the shade, rose to 85°. At Mr. Summers's jetty lay the Gipsy, schooner, with her bunting gaily flying, and a Christmas bush at each mast-head, and at the jib-boom end. Her topsides had been refreshed with a lick of warm tar, and her white streak was painted bright red. Her decks were holy-stoned for the occasion, and alto- gether she looked as smart as a new coach. Captain Truck was pacing to and fro on the little quarter- deck, dressed in his Sunday clothes, and a bran new cabbage-tree hat, which had been made for him by the daughter of one of his old shippers on the river. Two of his crew had just come alongside in the jolly boat, with a bushel measure half-full of peaches and apricots, which they had got, for the mere trouble of gathering them, from an orchard on the opposite bank of the river. A savoury odour of roasting pig issued from the galley, and the cook's face looked like a red cabbage stewed in smutty water. Two of the crew were spreading an old gaff topsail over the main hatch, for a table cloth, in preparation for dinner, and the chief mate was sitting on the cabin scuttle, play- ing Christmas carols on a concertina. Captain Truck was beginning to feel rather anxious about the safety of his wife and family. They were to arrive at Windsor by the 11 o'clock train from Sydney, and Job Summers had gone to fetch them from the station in his cart. Captain Truck had a sailor's misgiving about all vehicles drawn by horses. If his family were coming in a boat he would have felt quite easy about them, notwithstanding they were nearly an hour behind time; but he had no con- fidence in land conveyances, and he presently re- marked to his mate "that he was afraid a wheel had carried away, and the cart had gone down with all hands." The mate, by way of calming the captain's fears, said "it was more likely that some of the running gear had got adrift, and the horse had bolted; but as there were plenty of stumps and fences to bring him up, he couldn't run far." While they were gravely debating the subject the cart hove in sight, with Mrs. Truck and her niece sitting in front, and her three boys standing up behind them, waving Christmas bushes and shouting "Hooray!" A few days before Alick had painted the cart pale blue, and the wheels the colour of a Windsor brick; but he quite forgot, at the same time, to grease the axles, a fact which they loudly published whenever the horse moved beyond a walking pace. The boys in the cart were most pressing to Job to drive fast, and "make the wheels squeak piggy- wiggy;" but as they had before remarked, "that the cart squealed just as cousin Nelly did when she had her tooth polled out,"— Job continued to drive slowly, for he was delicately anxious not to wound the feelings of his blushing passenger, in any way. When Captain Truck caught sight of his family, he waved his cabbage-tree hat, and then run up to the main mast-head a very smart blue burgee, three fathoms long, with Gipsy worked on it in white silk letters, by the hands of his loving wife. The boys then shouted hooray! again, and Captain Truck went on shore to meet them, his weather-beaten face glowing with fatherly affection. A cheerful looking group were waiting in the front verandah to welcome the approaching visitors. There was Mr. Summers, in a new suit of colonial tweed, and his .wife beside him, in her brown satin dress (very good, if out of fashion), which she wore only on special occasions. There was Mrs. Simpson, in a smart black cap, shining with bugles, which Ann had made for her a fortnight before. The dear old lady had arrived by the afternoon train on the previous day, to spend her Christmas with the truest friends she had in the land. And there was Polly, in a neat print dress and her hair nicely curled, as she used to wear it—to please her father—in days gone by. A pleasant smile would occasionally gleam over her thin face, but it was as transient as sunshine on a squally day; for she could not forget that her husband was spending his Christmas in Darlinghurst gaol. He had been convicted of swindling on the Randwick racecourse, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment. And there was Minnie, in a pretty white muslin frock with pink bows on it, and her glossy tresses fancifully adorned with native flowers. She was in the height of her glory that day, for she was entrusted with the charge of her two little nieces; and by some clever management she kept them from crying all the morn- ing, much to the delight, as well as to the surprise, of poor weary Polly. There was another guest there, too, who did not seem quite so much at his ease as the rest of the company; and the way he twiddled his thumbs showed that he was nervous. It was Mr. Solomon Cobb, Ann's persevering suitor from Lower Portland Head. The question whether he should be invited or not was seriously discussed by Mr. and Mrs. Summers, unknown to Ann; and they at last decided that it would perhaps be best to invite him, for he evidently loved Ann, and they had no doubt he would make her a good husband, if she could really love him. They had an idea that she liked him better than she thought she did; and perhaps if she saw him in his holiday humour that day she would make up her mind whether to accept his offer or to finally decline it. They had no wish to unduly influence her in the matter, but they thought it was right and pro- per to take a common-sense way of satisfying them- selves whether she actually cared for him or not. Ann was not among the group in the verandah; she was helping Mrs. Jones and Alick to prepare the dinner; but when the most important dishes were ready for the table, she went to her room and prepared herself for the table. When the cart drove up to the front gate Mrs. Truck sprang into the strong arms of her sailor spouse. The boys jumped out without any aid, and began scampering about, as frolicsome as town school boys usually are when they get into the country for a treat. Job helped Nelly to alight, and as he did so he thought to himself that if his brother Ned had not made love to her he certainly should have a try himself, for she was the nicest girl he had ever driven in that cart. It was the first visit of Mrs. Truck and Nelly to Clo- verly, but they received such a hearty, homely wel- come, that they felt glad they had come, and were sure that everybody was glad to see them. "Now, boys," said Captain Truck, addressing his sons, "I hope you will behave yourselves, and keep out of mischief." "Aye, they'll be good boys, I'll be bound for them," said Mr. Summers, shaking hands with each of the lads. "You must give them a little license to- day, captain. Christmas comes only once a-year, you know; and the boys don't get out of the city very often. Alick has put up a swing in the barn, boys; so after dinner you can play there, till the sun gets a little lower, and then Minnie will take you into the orchard, and Job will show you the cows, and let you have a ride on Minnie's pony, if you like." The boys smiled, and said that swinging and riding on a pony was just the sort of fun they liked; and the youngest of them added, archly, "we like to be drinking milk too." "Of course you do," said Mr. Summers, patting the little fellow on the head. "Come along, my boys; follow me into the dairy, and I'll give you some milk; I dare say you are thirsty after your long ride this warm day." Soon after 1 o'clock Alick announced, in a sonorous tone, "Deena is a'ready," and a pleasant calm over- spread the features of the guests as they walked into the dining-room. Mr. Summers took his place at the head of the table, with a goose before him. Captain Truck was at the other end, behind a turkey. Job sat on one side of the oblong, and carved the wild ducks, and Mr. Cobb sat opposite to him, in charge of the pullets. The rest of the guests were judiciously distributed, the boys being left to the management of Minnie, at a little table in the corner. Grace was said, and the work of cutting up began forthwith. Mr. Cobb seemed glad to have some occupation for his fidgetty fingers; and, though he was perhaps un- conscious of it, he was rapidly rising in Ann's esteem, as he displayed his manly skill in carving. She had never before seen pullets cut up to such perfection, or with such expedition; and not a spot of gravy was jerked on to the cloth. Besides, he evidently knew the etiquette of apportioning birds at table; he did not put a leg or a back bone on a lady's plate—unless it were specially asked for—nor did he give all the seasoning to one person, as some clumsy carvers would do; and when she passed her plate to him a second time, he sent her such a delicate slice of the breast that she half-sighed over it. The conversation at the table was lively, and well sustained. Solomon made everybody laugh like fun, with happy effusions of rustic humour; and Ann began to see clearly that there was more in the young man than she had imagined. True, there was not much fire-balloon brilliancy about him, but for all that he knew more than he could talk about at one sitting! and she mentally decided that those per- sons who had scornfully declared he could not say "bo to a goose," were geese themselves. In short, before Alick and Mrs. Jones had cleared away the fragments of the first course, Ann had almost made up her mind to accept Solomon's repeated offer of his heart and his home. The table was speedily replenished with an assort- ment of pastry, custards, jellies, &c.;, and lastly by a huge plum-pudding, the aromatic vapour from which sensibly affected Mr. Summers, who rose from his seat and took down from a corner of the chimney glass a small sprig of English holly, from his native woods, which had been sent to him a few years before, by a friend in the "old country." When he received it, it was laden with bright red berries; but it had done duty for four Christmas Days, and the berries had dropped off, but the prickly leaves were perfect in form, though faded in colour. Mr. Summers care- fully wiped the dust off the sprig, and then stuck it into the pudding before him; as he did so there was a peculiar twitching about his mouth, and tears stood in his eyes, though he tried hard to hide them from the observation of his guests. Some dry, logical son of the soil may perhaps ex- claim, "Pooh! tears, indeed! I can understand a man's eyes watering over a dish of raw onions, or scraped horse-radish, but to melt over a hot plum pudding is ridiculous softness." I would not attempt to make such a prosy reasoner see the poetry of Mr. Summers's emotion. To persuade him that it was not mere silly sentiment. To sympathise with it heartily, a man must have been born and bred at the antipodes. If the guests at the table did not notice the sudden change in the countenance of the host, his wife and children did, and they knew what it meant. Pudding time on Christmas Day was always an occasion for him to specially indulge in reminiscences of days long gone by; and his children had often sat and listened, with lively interest, to his glowing descrip- tions of Christmas time in his young days. Some- times tender recollections made his voice falter, and tears to roll down his wrinkled face, but the boys and girls had too much veneration for their indulgent sire to show the slightest symptom of contempt for those over- flowings of genuine feeling. The Christmas pudding always recalled the merry days of his boyhood, when he mingled with beloved brothers and sisters beneath the parental roof; and seemed to awaken gushing memories of those dear ones who had passed away from time. Though he was far away from his native home, and never expected again to behold it, that hallowed spot, with a thousand treasured associations, was specially presented to his mind on Christmas days, and he had not iron enough in his nature to always prevent his feelings from surging over. Mr. Summers battled hard with his emotion that day (for he never opened his heart on those tender subjects to any but his own family), and he showed unusual stoicism; but as his eye caught sight of a tear coursing down his wife's face, he was almost un- manned, for he knew the cause of it. She was gazing on the vacant chair by her bide, and her thoughts were with her dear absent boy. On each Christmas Day since Ned's departure a chair had been placed for him at her side, and a plate and knife and fork on the table before it. The object of the reserved seat was not explained to strangers, but it was well understood by all beside. It was a fancy of dear mother's, and no one wished to reason with her about it, or to laugh her out of her strange whim. She had often stolen a look at that chair, and wondered where her sailor boy was eating his Christmas dinner, or whether he was lying at the bottom of the deep blue sea. Mr. Summers was about to cut into the plum pudding, when a shout, as of a well known voice from the dead, startled him, and the knife dropped from his hand; at the same instant his wife turned crimson with excitement. "House ahoy!" shouted the voice. "Yoho there! Is there anybody at home?" "Mercy 'pon us! That's brother Ned's voice!" exclaimed Ann. "Aye, and it's brother Ned, himself," said Job, who had started to the door at the first sound. "Ha, ha, ha! Welcome home, my jolly Jack tar!" Job shouted, as he ran out to open the gate. "A thousand welcomes, my boy! You've just come at pudding time!" In another minute Job returned, half-carry- ing in a bronzed- faced, handsome looking young man, in a sailor's dress; and sure enough it was their long absent, dearly beloved son, Ned. Any attempt to describe the happy scene which ensued would prove a failure. The most graphic pen that was ever guided by human fingers would be powerless to depict the joy and gladness which rang through that room, and sparkled in each excited face. Mere words could not express the maternal delight of Mrs. Summers, as she hugged her darling boy to her heart, much less could they describe the ecstacy which filled Nelly's loving breast, when her turn came to be caressed. Nor would tropes and figures convey more than a faint conception of the exuberant glee which made little Minnie jump on to her chair and dance, and her sister Ann to laugh and cry at the same moment. Altogether it was a thrilling living picture, which will perhaps be best appreciated by my saying nothing more about it, but leaving it to the happy fancy of my warm-hearted readers. EASY METHOD OF ASCERTAINING DEATH.—The Marquis d'Orches, having offered a premium of twenty thousand francs for the discovery of a prac- tical method of ascertaining death, available even in the poorest hamlet, Dr. Carriére, of St. Jean du Gard, presented the following, which he states he has put in practice for the last forty years, namely, placing the hand with the fingers closely pressed one against the other, within an inch or more of a lamp or candle; if alive, we observe the hand to be transparent, of a rosy hue, and capillary circulation, or life, in full play. If, on the contrary, we place the hand of a dead person in the same relation to light, we do not perceive any of the above phenomena; we see but a hand of marble, without circulation, with out life.— Journal de Médecine et de Chirurgie, RUSSIAN RAILWAY.—The MoScow Gazette says that a railway is to be constructed uniting the Caspian Sea with the Sea of Aral. It will proceed along the southern slope of the table-land of Oust-Oust, and start from the mouth of the Emba river in the Caspian. From this point it will be carried either to one of the bays in the Sea of Aral, or to the important station of Fort Kazalinsk, on the Syr-Daria, which is close to the road from Orenburg to Tashkend. A PRESENT.—A young and pretty lady recently made her husband a present, but it only cost three- pence, and yet was the source of a wonderful . amount of happiness, and, drew, perhaps, the domestic bond a little tighter. "Threepence!" we hear it said; and ladies' minds turn to solve the enigma in something of the baby-useful kind, "socks." This won't do, however, because, according to our ideas, it would only buy one sock, and babies are not born with wooden legs. The threepenny article was a choice Havana, and of course meant, "Henceforth, my love, you may smoke at home, and need not go to the club."— American Paper. 