COMMEU LCJOAL. WAGGA WAGGA, Friday. Tee weather during the past week has been suffo catingly hot, and the country is in consequence be ginoing to.dry up fast, and the water in some in stances to run very low. Some little food has been damaged by bush-fires since the last rains, but they have generally been got under before they have had much time to spread, and on the whole, the damage done has been far less considerable thainin other districts. Stock are all in good condition, and very free from disease, and the English wool news being extremely satisflctory, pastoralists may look to the future with confidence. In some parts of the dis trict the grasshoppers have appeared in groat num bers, and have destroyed a good deal of feed, and both in Victoria and South Australia have also created terrible havoc. From WValgett our corres pondent writes that the country is getting very soaroe of grass, and that overlanding is in abeyance, the trakos being all bare and waterless. No stock are reported moving. On the Macquario the weather has been hot and dry. The country looks well, and there is an abundance of grass and water on the frontages, but the water on the back blocks is becoming exhausted. On the Caetlerecgh the country is looking well, and there is any quantity of food on the frontages. Locally, business has been very dull, Fat cattle are not much inquired for, hot may be quoted for best hullockl from £5 to C£. Fat shoop ore very dull of sllo. For store cattle thrro is a fair domood, if of good qualitios, but theor are but few lots in the market. Beot bulloohn may bo quotod worth from £1 to £5. Mosers. enkllin and Armstrong report the sale of t small lot of store bullooks to Mr. M[. Sawyer of Bothungra, on no countof Mr. S. Foanoll, at high rates and on satis-. facotory torms. Thorn is a brisl demand for all classes of good store shoop. Messrs. Wilkinson, ianno, and Co. report the snlo to 1tMr.,G. Wilson of Big Springs of 68 superior two-tooth, Amorican: mnrino ramp, and, in connunction with Meaosrs. Ryan and Hammond, of 3000 maiden owes, on ano count of MIoors. OtoNoill Bros., tb Mr.'Brobdltiof Oonnpaira. We have hoard of no local atook mov? moots . 