THE NEW YEARS Ht?,10 jX The weather on Mond ,swa all that could boe desi'ed--?'fine, clear, brasing at mosphere, a clo?dles' sky, the lIeat of the sun tempered or nentralized by a cool southerly breeze, no smoke from bushfires, and no dust from the roads; just the' sort of day for pic-nies'cand alfresco dhncing, and most of the people of ffeathcote made good use of' the splendid opportunity for taking a day's pleasure. Under Mount Ida, at the foot of Happy Valley, a rather numerous gathering met to enjoy themselves on the good old plan of each section of the paslty talk ing on itself the responsibility of looking after its own commniss:riat department of tlhe en tertainment. The grass among the wattles at the place chosen fur the gathering was quite green, except of course the seed stalks. Mr Lease with his hirmonium, 4Mr. Greig with his cornut,' and someone else with the drum gave the young people who are fond of dancing a good opportunity to heat down the ograss, and thus prepare the, ground bfor thle heaivy part ofthe day's work. Every. body enjoyed themselves during thie day, end many indofatigable dancers nccepted an invitee tion from Mr. Lease to assemble at his place nand continue the festivities. At sunset the party left the rounod and returned homwanrd. h la pretty pnfcsabourd 1iti a mie ifrom the M'Ivor Inn, the children of 'the united Methodist Free Churcl Sunday School as sembled with their teachers and friends and spent a most pleasant day. Much credit is due to Mr. Alsop 'or his liberality and exer tions to make the children happy; thei plensure enjoyed and the abundance of good things provided for the youngsters is the copstant subject of remark among them, even now, and they look back with pleasure on the past and forward with the hope again of taking part in like festivities. The children of the Common School were also highly pleased with the liberal entertainment pro vided for their delectation through the kind ness of Mr. and Mrs. Manson. The sports at the Ben Nevis were not qusite so well at tended as on former occasions, hut still the prizes were eagerly competed for, and the competition in many instances evinced great power and skill. The utmost. good order and feeling prevailed throughout the day among all assembled. 