Week ending Angust 19. A very serious crime is believed to have been ome mitted on Wednesday night or early on Thursday morning last, on the road between Drayton and Too woomba. Our Drayton correspondent states that a Mr. James Green, on visiting his poultry-yard on Thursday morning, found four of his geese in a dying tate--that thie one having the most life in it was killed anid cooked for dintner, but, luckily, before it was partaken of by the family, Mr. Green's little daughter saw a dog that had eaten the entrails of the goose go into convulsions and die, and an ther dog that eat the head, also became sick. She ran to her father and in formed him of the facts, and to this fortunate eircum stance the preservation of the family may be attributed. It is to be hoped that the bodies of the geese will be analyzed by a practical chemist to make sure of the cause of death, and if poison is shbown to have been administered, that every effort will be made to detect the guilty paity or parties, so that a fitting punish ment may be awarded them. The Marquis of Normanby proeyd himself to be an excdllent shol at Barwon Park, Geeloeg. He missed the Srat two or three rabbits, but after that he bowled them over-- sometimes at sixty or seventy yards-in fine style. He had a servant behinid hlim)oading his gens, and commenced shooting at 12 o'clock and stopped at half-past 2. In that short spaceof time he killed, it is estimated, 300 rabbite-not by firing among a score or two, but picking them out one by one as they separated from the ruck. The Marquis (says a Geelong contemporary), although a quick, sure shot, also proved himself to be a cautious one. He always kept his gun at half-cock until about to fire, and then, quick as thought, he would raise the right hammer, and "bang," down would go a rabbit; he would then raise the left hammer, and blaze away at another " bunny" as quick as most men would do who had both Ihammers at full-cook when starting. The Marquis did not enjoy any pheasant-shooting. Our two local companies of Volunteers proceeded to Brisbane on Saturday last, per the A.S.N. Com pany's steamer Emu, to take part in the'reception of hIis Excellncsyihe Marquis of Normanby. They were accompanied by the band, and started at 5 o'clock a.m. The ground in front of the Congregational Churbch, Briesbano.slreet, has latcly besten planted with trees, having been first trenched and heavily manured with cotton-seed. All the other churches in the town hbre land around them which requires similar treatment, and the sooner the. work is done the sooner will the plantations assume an.appearance that will much im prove the localities in which they are situated. There is not a church in Melbourne that has not a nice ear den about it, and St. Patrick's Cathedral is, besides, clad in ivy, thoughl the walls have not been built very many years. Shlrde is much more necessary here, and yet we are only now making a beginning ini the maitter. Mrs. Lawson, wife of Thomas Lawson of the Pine River, who was seriously burnt on the 25th ultimo, by falling into the firo while suffering from an epileptic fit, had her right arm amputated above the elbow, at the Hospital, on Friday last. The limb was very much charred at tihe time of the accident, and although every efort was made to save it the operation was found necessary in order to preserve her life. She is now progressing favrourably. Mr. John Douglas (late Agent-General for Queens land) and Mrs. Douglas were passengers from Sydney by thue Qeenland, on Monday. The induction of the Rev. C. M'Culloch into the pastoral charge of Wickham.terrace Presbyterian Church, Brisbane, took place on Friday evening. The Presbytery met at e, when the Moderator preached an excellent discourse. Tile induction was then pro ceeded with, and was conduectd in a most impressive manner by the Rev. C. Ogg, after which the right hand of fellowship was given by tile Presbytery and congregation, who were largely represented. A con gregational meeting was subsequently held, when Mr. A. Reid, on behalf of the ladies of the congregation, presented the reverend pastor with a handsome pulpit gown. Mr. M'Culloch feelingly replied, and the pro eeedings, which were throughout of a most impressive character, terminated by the benediction being pro nounced. No little apprehension (says the Dalby paper) is being occasioned to those of our pastoralisto who have not provided themselves with paddocks in consequence of the continued dry weather and immediate prospect of'scarcity of grass. There has been no rain ito this district of any moment for five months, and in the sandy country to the west and north feed is rapidly disappearing. Bushfires bave again broken out in some places, and are occasioning great destruction, burning the grass by the square miles. How they originate is a mystery, but they must result, it is conjectured, fFom grose carelessness in the use of fire. In the neighbourhood of the town there is absolutely no grass, and the water is becoming scarce and the creeks boggy. The town stock, botLt horses and cattle, is perishing, and the only hope of avoidine a general decimation lies in the probability of copious rains before the spring sete in. A brisk shower passed over the town on Tasesday night, and afforded temporary relief, but the.weather he again cleared, and become fine and cold. "In the paddocks feed is abundant, and the proprietors of the larger runs will be able to got along for some time yet without serious inconvenience. There can beno daoubt that the paddock system tends to preserve the feed to a very great extent, and its adoption will enable the owners of aloek to stand many a drought that would be ruinous without reserves of grase being prodided. The body of Andrew Nileen, a Dane, whose 'diown ing was reported in our Tuesday's issue (says a Mary borough contemporary of Saturday last), was beound on Tlursda.v morning, under the flap of the piant of - the Prince's ferry, and a magisterial enquiry was held on the same day st the Ariadne Hotel, by the;Police Magistrate, into the cause of death. Nil Perasson, a German,' deposed to being with deceased on Sdnday morning, about 2 o'clock ; deceased was the worse for hlquor; they went to the river, where there was a-little boat belongistg to the deceased, which they got into to cross the river; NUsen then 'stood up, and pom mencnd roeking the boat, and the water came .in it, and Persson was frightened, and stood up, and the boat capsized, and they were thrown into the river; they bota rose, and caught hold of the boat, and'hried for help, soon after which deceased let go his hold and sank, and witneesseaw him no more; a man named Stehbens, a German, then came with a boat and rescued him. A verdict was returned in ascaidance with the evidence, that death was occasioned by suffocation by drowning. -On Tuesday afternoon the body of a little boy seven years of age, son of Mr. George Wride; was found in a waterbo?le at the bottom of Mr. Alexander aia's paddock, bhtween Gregory.terrace and.leich hardtstreet, Brisbane. He is supposed to have falena in either on his way to or from school, as his copy book was first seen Soating in the 'water. A woman, who discovered it, afterwards observed the body, and gave an alarm. On the body being recovered, how ever, it was found that life had been for some rimb ex tincet. The waterbole in questionforms one ofa chain extending from Leiehhardt-street to Brnnswick-ttreet, and this is the fourth child that has been drowned there within the past few years.r The German immigrants ex Friedeborg were brought up on Monday by the Settler, and certainly, as far as appearance goes, they promise to become as useful a class of settlers as have been received here under the Immigration Regulations for some time past. They are a hardy looking lot, who appear to have been well used to work. In all they number 353, including children, all, with the exception of 28, being free pas- sengers. Among them there are 29 female domestic servants and 144 farm labourers, the remainder being made up of mechanics of different trades. Although the passage has been a lengthy one- occupying 110 days--the new comers have enjoyed excellent health, and appear to have been well cared for. The hearty manner in which they commenced cheering and singing before reaching the wharf shows at least that they arrive in good spirits, and with an evident determination to appreciate their new home. The Wide Bay and Burnett lNesr remarks that the prevailing dulneas has adlioted even the local polieb court-not a single case of drunkenness, or of any other soeit, having occurred there for more than a week. On Tuesday afternoon, as a farmer from Warrill Creek, near Ipswieh, weas driving his dray with a load of cotton to one of the gins in town, the horses bolted in Nicholas-street, and, making a sharp turn up Lime stones-etreet, capsized the dray, entirely reversing its position and scattering the bales of eotton. The man who was in charge of the dray stuack to his horas' the whole time, having one in each hand; and upon the capsize taking place several people ran to his.' sistance, when it was found that very little hlardSfd been done considering the serious nature of the ascie dent. On Tuesday afternoon last sixty-seven of the pas- sengers by the German immigrant ship Friedeborg arrived per the Settler steamer at the Government depot, North Ipswich. They appeared to be a very hardy lot of people, and seemed in the enjoyment of excellent health and spirits. Mr. Gustav Weise ac- companied them from Brisbane, having gone down to look after the interests of the German portion of the new arrivals. The immigrants are of various nation- alities-Danes, Swedes, Norwegians, Swiss, and Ger- mans; several of them speak the French language fluently, and others speak a little English. Amongst them there are eight families, twenty-five single men, and seven single girls, the remainder comprising chil- dren from twelve years of age downwards, many of whom will be of great assisstance to their parents. They are composed of the free and assisted classes of pas- sengers, and number amongst them carpenters, black- smiths, locksmiths, millers, shepherds, and agricultural and farm labourers. The whole of the single girls have been already engaged, as have also about one-half of the single men, and a few have moved off amongst their friends who have previously settled in the district. Several more from the same ship are expected this morning, arrangements on Tuesday not having been so complete as to enable them all to come together. Tle mnembers of the Ipswich Football Club met on Monday evening at the Oaledonian Hotel, when the team to play against the Brihsbane club in the return match were chosen-vie.: Msarsr. Hautchison, Hal loran, Havard, Hellicar, John O'Sullivau, Campbell, C. Forbes, Ludgate, Stringfellow, James O'Sullivan, Horton, 8. Forbes, Gerry, Lord, and Stephnenon. Emlergency men: Burretl, Cardew, E. Panton, and Vowles. The services of the emergency men will moset likely be required, and the match is expected to come off an Saturday, the 26th idstant. A sub-omn muitree, cossisting of Messrs. Hutchison, elsvard, Campbell, and Gorry, was appointed to make arrange ments for entertaining the Brisbane team at dinner after the match. A apecial meeting of the Munnitipal Connil was held in the oSchool of Arts on Tuesday afrerpoon for the purpose of discussing arrangements, dc., for the' reception of the new Governor when visiting Ipswidh. Present: The Mayor, and AldermenVowles, Watkini, Gorry, Willey, Pryde, Reilly, and Wright. The draft of an address to his Excellency do his expected visit . to Ipswich was read, and it was resolved that its con sideretion stand over till next meeting. A telegram was received from the Town-Clerk of Brisbane, ge peating sei ivitation which had been cent on Mondbay' least to the Mayor and Corporation of Ipswich to join that of Brisbanse in a civic reception of his Excel.lenoy. It was resolved that a telegram be sent to the Town Clehk at Brisbaue, referring him to a letter from the Ipswichl Musicipal Council on the previous oevening,. which respectfully declined the invitation, as the Ips wieh Corpeoration anticipated a visit from hie"Excel lency, the preparations for which will require the entire interveningtimeto execute. Areport from the School of Arts Committee was received, wh'ch recom mended the following repairs:-" To mend plastering, colour the walls, paint wainscot, put slope'boards to windows," "&e.; Thereport was adopted on the motion of the Mayor, seconded by Alderman Pryde. Some articles of wearing apparel which had been mising from the premises of Mr. Pace, in Rtoderick street, ainee the time of the late robbery for which Robert Fleming was convicted and sentenced to fire0 years penal servitude at the late Circuit Court in Ipswich, were discovered by Constable O'Loan on Tuesdayv fternoon last, in a flue in the Club.house, r near whrer e the other stolen articles had been found.: A horse ran off' with a dray in whieh a little boy was sitting on Tuesday afternoon last, itn Thorna-streen, but was fortunately stopped as Ie was approaching Roderick-street before any harm was osoeuioned. Mr. Anthony Trllope was a parIICse byer the Queensland, on Taiutedod. for tie Nortbern Porlts. The Ipswich and West. Mnret, Acrie?ltural and Horticultural Society halen ?r?nted two silver nedala to be competed for at the Luidley pl.ughiniig match, on the 24th instent--the oe for the best plunghing with a horse-tream, and the ither for the best plough ing with a balloek-team. A very intarestint nperalion is reported to Ilae been performed at the Bris!ane Hospital on Friday last. The patient wns a child named Mary Ellen Bodden, aged four yearc, who was suffering from a malformation of tihe left leg near the ankl-, which was bent'inwards so as to render walkina very difficult. The nature of the oper?iion was to cat the bones in such a manner ab to allow them to unile in their proper position, and it pas suoresfully per formed. Another important neerati.mon took plape on Tuesday, on a South Sea Islander named Thlbalie. It appears that shabout fire months .ago be- was tltrown from a horse while in eeraie oni a northern station and sustained a dislocation of the right hip joint. Whether any steps were taken by his employer to relieve his sufferings is not very clear; hut at any rate proper measures werai iot taken, aid thodialocation was naotreduced. The poorfellow has been crippleerersince the accident, and tile injured leg brine several iichbe shorterthsnthe otherhaestppogrted it by a piece of wood tiedto a stick which he arsried in his hand. He arrived from Maryborough on the 26th ultimo, and woe at once sent from the immigrition depot to the hospital. It was feared that, in a ease of suchl long staniling, as tension would not be effectual in reducing the dielo eation, and tlast excision of the top of tte joint would have to be resorted to. The patient was, however, placed under chloroform, and after over an hour's exertions suficient eoitension was prolduced to draw the bone into the socket. Ropes and pillesv had of course to be used, and at one time five nen were pull ing with all their Ibree at the rope, and the strain was so great that the skin erocked in several places. lan pily, hwever, there was no oc:asion to rew-ort to the other altternative, and in a short time Thtbalie will be as well as ever. A special meeting of the committee of the Ipswich and West Moreton Acricultural and HIorticultural Society was held at the onila of the orielty yeeSler day afternoon. Present-Messrs. Gill (in thie chair), Seott, Isambert, Smith, Hamilton, Gorry, Vowlens, and Pryde. The minutes of praevious mreetine were read and'confirmed. Mr. Tsaonbart asked hty the medals reported to have been graoted to the Laidley ploughing match were given, the originators of ithle match not being members of the sonirtyt Mr. Smith and.the chairman explained that the medals It-d b-eta granted at an emergency meeting of half a denon of the committee, and said that it wassery probahble the soceiety would gain several aidditinal mnembers Irom the Laidley distrint. A proposition was then carri.d form ally granting the medals.- Mr. Smitth submitted a draft of an addreass to his Eaellency steh Goaerror, on his expected visit to Ipawich. A motion was carried adoptmng the address, which was ordered to be ei groesed and a copy of it forwarded to his E'tieleney. Ahletter was read from the serretory of thle branch seooiety at the Agricultural Reserve, asking for a grant of money towards a plouhting ,natch to he held on the Reserve; £15 heing gueranteed frot the district. Mr. Isambert moved that, noless the ploueghing math were held under the auspices of the society, no grant should be given. Mr. Smith moved thit the grant bhe given provided thle match be held at the Ioswic:a e oserve, and that the originators comnply withll tihe o eciety's regulations formerly proposed and submitted by deputation. After a little dis-,eussion, the secretary was requested to write to the secretary of the branch society, intimating thattheir request would be granted Sprovided the match be held as that of the parent society. The meeting then adjourned till Tuesday, the 29th instant. The "Flaneur in Sydney," writing in' the Empire, asys :-I hope that the Marquit of Normanby will get a pleasing reception in Brisbane, hut that appears to be doubtful. It seems that one of the members of the Government made a virulent speech against Brishone in the rival town of Ipwielh, in eansquenuce of which the Mayor of Brisbane had resolved to eserise the corporate.uthority, and r-fuse to co-operate with the Government in any measures they might take for the reception of the new Governor. His Worship had caused notice to be given to the Acting-Gorernor against ereoting any obstractiuts, in the shape of tri umphal arches and snuch like vanities, in thle streets; and it was said that the Brisbane shops were all to be , kept open as usual, instead of keeping holiday, while the Berisbaneites would appoint anothtr day for them selves to wait upon thie Governor with an address. -Ratber a pleasant position this for . ise Governor to be placed iu s but if he is wisely advised he will take things as they tre, clap his unoffi'ial hat upon his head, take his unofficial stick mn his hand, and Swalk uap quietly and unostentatiouo!y to Govern -est. House, "returning with courtesy the reapert fal greetings of the people," as the reporters would. say, if he gets any; and, if- not, making up Ilis mind philosophically to do without them. Now ifthle Queensland Government and Parliament had taken the preoaution to establish a local mnilitar, force, as we wive fellows have done here, all this kind of thiny oould soon have been put down. By hooting acouple Sof Brisbane aldermen and half-a-dozen Brisbane Com Smunists, and arresting the Mayor, the whole emeule o:.l.d have been suppressed at once. As it is, they a?it get oat of the mness in the best way they can. The leve h?eld by his Excelleney the Governor on Tirorday at Government House was largely attendeld, the presentatibns hlaving orupied nearly three-quarlers Sof an hour. The following publi - bodies ,resonted addresses on the occasion :--TIhe Mayor and Corpora tion of Brisbane, the Mayor and Aldermen of Warwick, the oflFere and memhbers of Court Fortit.de of tihe Ancient Order of OddFellows, tile Mlsnuhester Uity Independent Order of Oddfellowe, the Brisbane Total Abstinence Sooiety, the Quieensland Congrecalional U"ion, and the Bishop, clergy, and laity of the couonil representing the Synod of the diocese of Brisbane-to eauh of which his Excellency ,nane an appropriate reply. The great " civice demonstration" came off on the same day, and seaeral benefit societies, the fire Sbrigade, the Mayor and Corporation of Brishane," tihe clergy of all denominationi," and " the citizcn* " marched in procession to Goernment Hoens., and, having waited till the lerde was over, departed without having seen his Eeellency, who, it is said, had in tended to have addressed the dlemonstrators. A ciric feast in the form of a luncheon was afterwards ciren at tihe Town Hall, at which there wasesome speechify ing, the greater part of which seems to have been done by Mr. Fyfe, who had the temerit) to tell his lhearers that "he did not believe Brisbane was tho whole colony; there was also Rockhampton, which he had the honoulr of representin, and he would always take are that it secured its just rights." He leso holdly declared himself not to he a thlorouaelitc d -macrat, \- and was cheered-probably for his pnluck. The Courier tells us that " there wmre no winte sereel to the gouests, butthere was a plentiful sipply oral. which seemed to be quite as much appreci.ted." Considerintg that there were no wines to apri-cilte, the ,irawin a corn parison betwceu them aud the hber is a somnewhat Ihalzy piece of business. However, it is satisfactory to learn that "~the people separated in a quiet aud orderly manner." A correspondent sends us tile following :-" A well attended meeting took place at the Wesleyan Chapel beyond Normanby Gully, on Thursday evening last. for the purpose of arraneing for tile building of a school sear there. The meeting were unanimous in the opinion that the object was necessary. Some dirase sion took place as t' a site for the chlnol.proposiliono having been made for ito eretion on the reserve at Normanby Guily and. ot that- at the Dinner-camp Flat. A middle situation was considered the mesa eligible, and a liheral offer from Mr. S'ielton ,if an asere of his land was accepted. A subserription-list having been opened, £25 was collected hb-fore the risi g of the meeting. Six canvassers were appointed for collecti.ng funds, and a treasurer snd seereta'y were elected. Tile want of a scho,-l in this noighboorhooul has bean lung felt, the e?ut.lsre hatinig nearly all large families, and the populntion is spriading rapidly to wards the Dugundan S,.-ruh 5,d FUas.ifrn. It is to he hopedlthe Board of Eulreetion wid hare less dificltlty in finding a competent teacher for thiti school than Sthey have for tihe one at the Nine-mile Waterhbole. Tile cotton-pieking being over, paretts are most anxious to send their children to sacehol. Forty pupil. are now attending Mr. Berty's, and ile cry is, " When is the Peak Mountain school to be opened P" Tie following is the report of the Ipewich Hospital for the week eqdidg Thursday, Aueusrt 17:-Remain. ing last week, 87 ; admitted sineu, 2 males, 1 female; discharged, i female; died, 1 male; remniting in hospital, 26 males, 12 females ; total, 38. Out-door patients, 18. The following is the report of the Ipswich Hosplital for the week ending Tlhursday last :--Remaining last week, 88 admitted since, 2 males 1 female ; dis charged, 4 males 8 females; remaining in hospital, 24 malesm 10 females ouat-door patients, 17. 