THE PASSING YEAR. Although the festival of Christmas and the time of the commencement of the year were fixed by human action, they were each settled on separate and independent con siderations, so that the arrangement by which they are brought into immediate proximity arose from a providential overruling of man's purposes ; and if we may regard it as a providence, it is one which must call forth our sincere thanksgiving. The passing year has doubtless brought its sorrows, and we are glad they are gone; but it has brought its blessings, its hours of keen delight, its friendships, its victories, and they are gone. It has brought, too, its privi leges, its opportunities of usefulness, its lessons, and they. are gone; and it has brought its sins, its failures, its acts of unkindness or of weakness, and they are not gone, but stand like the blackened ruins in a country over which the bushfire has swept, the sole and sad memorials of the past. But if the retrospect of the past be sad, what of the uncer tain future? Well might the poet of the world say — ' Dim backward as I cast my view; What sickening scenes appear ; What sorrows yet may pierce me thro', Too justly I may fear.' What a mercy is it, then, that at such a moment the eyes of the Christian are specially directed to the great truth which brings healing to our race, and are taught to look from the regrets and fears of this present life, to the fact that the Creator lias bound Himself up with the creature; that perfect Holiness lias laid hold oil the fallen nature — has come to blot out from remembrance all that is dismal in the past, and to change the doubtful, gloomy future into a certainty of everlasting bliss. Some may fully comprehend this, and to them Christmas will be a time holy as it is joyful; some may see, more or less dimly, the great truths which rejoice the Christian's heart, and yet may comprehend that there has been a visit of the Creator in mercy to the creature, and may regard earth and its joys as consecrated by the fact; while others, overlooking every religious connection, may revel in the time as a sort of saturnalia, a season when past and future may alike be forgotten in the pleasures of to-day. We need not, however, analyse the feelings of others : it is a Christian festival, and we may hope, in all cases where such a hope is possible, that those who join to celebrate a Christian festival, regard it as a festival that is Christian. In our native islands, the character of the enjoyments, even when furthest removed from religion, is eminently domestic. Our climate and other circumstances tend much to deprive it of that character here; and the scanty attendance at church, and the abundance of outof door and gregarious amusements, tend to rob it more and more of its domestic as well as its religious character. Let us beware of this. It is hard to say how much of all that is sterling in English principle and English domesticity may be bound up in the mode of observance of an anniversary, when, more than at any other time, the hearth, and altar, the social and the religious life, the regrets and hopes of earth, and the consolations and aspirations of heaven, are brought into close and immediate contact. A godless, heartless revelry would be a poor compensation for a day in which God seems to say to us, as He said to Israel of old — ' This day is holy unto the Lord your God : mourn not nor weep; go your way, eat the fat and drink the sweet, and send portions unto them for whom nothing is prepared; for this day is holy tmto our Lord ; neither be ye sorry, for the joy of the Lord is your strength.' A time of godless, home less revelling will yield no balm for the past, cast no light over the future. When we attempt to look back on the year that is passing, two events present themselves as the most recent, and perhaps to us the most striking. This year has added a sixth to the list of England's martyred bishops. We can scarcely imagine circumstances more different than those under which Latimer or Ferrars embraced the stake, and those under which Patteson waded to the shore ; but each was actuated by the same constraining principle — the love of Christ; and each laid down his life gladly for his Master's sake. We will not, however, dilate on this subject, which occupied nearly the whole of our last number. The other event has occurred without the pale of what some of us call ' our church,' but within the church of Christ. What ever may be our personal sympathies with all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity, within the limits of this small periodical issue we have not space to enter on matters, however interesting, which properly belong to other denomi nations; but the death of the Rev. George Mackie cannot be regarded in that light. He was indeed no latitndinarian. Had he been so, his character would have lost all that was distinctive, all that was really venerable; he would have been a vigorous labourer for — we know not what. But he was nothing of the kind. Baptised into the Presbyterian body, he was ordained in the same communion, and sought throughout his life to promote its interests, and none ever charged him with indifference to them. But distinct as he was in his church principles, he knew that the truths the church is bound to enunciate are different from, and infinitely superior to, any question as to the best mode of presenting or promulgating these truths; and therefore, without com promise, doubt, or fear, lie was able to co-operate with, to encourage, and comfort all who held those truths. When first he went to labour in New South Wales, there was no Church of England clergyman in the district, consequently 6$ the Churcli people attended his ministry, and he visited Bra among them as his flock, never saying a word which could n|| offend or unsettle their views, loving and beloved by them.. j Wm In due time a clergyman was appointed, a church was ; WJ built, and the Church people left his ministry to attend their 1)| own services.- The moment must have been a tiying one to ' 1L flesh and blood, but there was no exhibition of feeling; the ? W'] harmony of the district was not in the slightest degree.; jr interfered with, but they continued to work together and to I love one another, as when there was one minister and one j t \ congregation. It pleased God, when ordering .the taberr I * nacle, not to form it in one piece, but to make many 1 ! curtains, each with loops capable 6f being laid hold on, aiid' 5 ' to bind them together with golden hooks or. baches. ? Some j I | characters seem to be raised up ,to fill to the churcli the j 1 * place of those golden taches, and unite the various parts j - together, and such seems to be the position occupied by our [ I deceased brother, not only in the church but in society. , A \ ] zealous Presbyterian, he was not only respected by members I I of the Church of England, but beloved by many as a confi \A dential friend; ancl not by churchmen only, but by the most j IJ opposite denominations. Pure himself, and associating by i if choice only with the pure, he would spend hours of every H week in prison with, the sentenced criminal, and win his H confidence, not by cold teaching, but by warm sympathy. The § . waifs and strays of lrunianity sought in his council and his ? assistance, the means to raise them to their place in society. i The chaplain of the Orange lodges, he held the respect of I I the, so-called. Liberal ; and while the various temperance I ; societies vied with each other in doing honoiir to their I deceased leader, and lined the path to his grave, every j I public-house, from his late residence to his last _ sleeping- 1 I place, was closed as his funeral procession passed: Surely I such a link of society belonged not to a denomination, but 1 to the church at large — not to an order, but to mankind. ., I Death has been rife amongst us. Death, commonly sudden, I often violent, sometimes by the hand of the victim, has I uttered his solemn warning so loudly, so frequently, that we J begin to be familiar with its form, and cease to be startled though we may be grieved by its visits. The state of Europe too has ceased to alarm us : the deportation of a sovereign, the erection or extinction of an empire, excites but momen tary attention, and makes the mail, which tells only of the burning of a city, or the desolation of a pi'ovince by famine, I appear dull and uninteresting. In the meantime the orgies I of Baalzebub the god of Ekrou, or Apollo of Delphos, the ? familiar spirits sought by Manasseh or Saul when forsaken of God, are rife among us ; ancl our wives and daughters are trying to play the part of the Pythoness of Ephesus or the Witch of Endor. It is quite true that real godliness is like wise making progress among us — that many careless ones are awakened to a sense of the importance of divine things, ancl many of the Lord's dear children are yearning after a higher measure of spirituality and devotedness than we have hitherto enjoyed; but this only makes the signs of the times more marked and more awful. These things cannot go on side by side without a conflict. Iniquity and infidelity may abound, as in the last century, when faith is cold or dead; truth may make pi-ogress, as in the com mencement of this century, in the midst of mere worldliness and indifference, and yet no marked collision follow : but when godliness is aiming at a higher standard, and wicked ness calling on the spirits of evil for help and guidance; when divine truth is spreading into the darkest corners of our land, and those who would expose licentiousness and hypocrisy are punished for their daring; when Christian philanthropists are seeking to check the stream of im morality in the heart of our population, and congregations are expressing their confidence in their minister and his suc cessful piracies ; when truth and error, morality and laxity, the worship of G-od and the mysteries of heathenism, are progressing in the same field of thought and action, a con flict must be approaching, and blessed be he who is girded for the fight. May we take as our rule of action for the year on which we are about to enter, the words of inspiration — ' Take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and, having done all, to stand. Stand, therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shod with the jn- eparation of the gospel of peace. Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked; and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the Word of God. Praying always, with all prayer and supplication in the spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication.' The following lines, by a poet of the last century, express better than we can do the idea we would fain convey: — ' flail, rising year ! uncertain prospect, hail 1 In viewing thee all mortal sight must fail. ?''; f ; ' ;= How many varying forms the phantom wears! '??'?' / ' How shall I meet thee? or with smiles or tcaTS? With smiles? — too oft, alas ! the ready joy Salutes the objects which our peace destroy ; Too oft the bright beginning smiles attend, ' Too: oft the tear hangs trembling o'er the end. Yet how shall sorrow fill the streaming eye, Or how the swelling bosom heave the sigh, When the same season offers to our sight Celestial promises, secure as bright? Our gracious Lord, to human weakness kind, . . Judged of the painful workings of the mind, When' we behold one year for ever flown, Another come, and we no happier grown ; Together to our sight He therefore brought The dear redemption which His coming wrought,, With the renewal of earth's transient years, While the wide contrast doubly great appears. The soul enraptured catches sacred fire ; To heaven alone the mounting thoughts aspire ; Transporting hope the spirit upward bears, And earth sinks down unworthy of its cares. The heart, 'tis true, may feel the pang of woe; ' '-? ? ? The sigh may heave, the gushing tear may flow ; - ' But to his God the mourner lifts his eyes, And slights his sorrows while he views the prize His bless'd Redeemer shows him from above — ? . The wondrous token of celestial love. ' To him whose breast this conscious blessing knows, ' ' . AH earth around with added lustre glows ; For every scatter'd blessing round him thrown, Benevolence collects ancl makes her own.' 