The Sydney Morning Herald. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1871. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers, in answer to questions, said, that the quantity of earth-work on No. 9 section. Great Western Railway, was 109,137 cubic yards, and 16,537 cubic yards had been removed up to 30th November last ; that a return of cost of freight of sleepers, &c;, would be laid on the table ; a petition had been received from Wallsend, praying for a cor- poration, but a counter-petition, signed by a larger number of persons, had reached the Government ; petitions had been received regarding the dissolution of the Maitland District Council ; that Government intended to comply with the report of the Select Committee of the Assembly on the case of Mrs. Mary Fogg ; that the Government did not intend to apply the system of self-registration of voters to the electorates of the colony ; that the Government had no objec- tion to lay on the table the copy of the letter of in- structions regarding quoting the local loan on the Stock Exchange ; that the cash deficiency at the end of 1870, had been paid out of consolidation revenue ; that one per cent, was paid on the £350,000 remitted to England, the amount being taken from the Con- solidated Revenue ; that the Chief Justice had in- formed the Governor that he was willing to resign on receiving his full salary as pension, but the Government had declared themselves un- willing to comply with that request ; that the station master at Mount Victoria sometimes travelled as inspector between Mount Victoria and Rydal ; that Executive authority for the incorpora- tion of Ashfield was given yesterday ; and that com- pensation would not be given for the cow imported per ship Winifred and destroyed by order of t lie Government. A petition was presented by Mr. DODDS, from the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church, in favour of the Permissive Liquor Bill. The petitions from the Standing Committee of the Church of England Synod, and from the trustees of the Necropolis, were ordered to be printed. Loder's Estate Bill was referred to Select Com- mittee. Mr. WEARNE moved the second reading of the Per- missive Liquor Bill, explaining the provisions of the measure, and showing how beneficial similar enact- ments had proved in America. Mr. DRIVER was opposed to the bill, and considered that it ought to be referred to a Select Committee before so great a change in the law was affirmed. He denied the existence of drunkenness to any great extent in the colony, and objected to the measure because there was no machinery for carrying it out. If evils existed, he recommended an amendment of the Publicans' Act. Mr. LUCAS reminded the House that three thousand persons in the colony were getting their living by the sale of liquor, and these men ought not to have their means of support interfered with in this wholesale manner upon such insufficient grounds. He would not object to refusing licenses in future, and to allow- ing the licenses to die out in that way, because their vested interests would not be interfered with. Mr. FARNELL did not believe that the bill was honestly intended to carry out the purpose it was said to aim at, and on that ground he should vote against it. Mr. RYAN would give his support to the bill, be- cause it would give the temperance men a chance of carrying out their views, without interfering with those who preferred to take their glass of liquor. He saw no other means than this of shutting up the low public-houses who sold poisonous liquors to the public. Mr. DILLON moved that the bill be read a second time that day six months, and Mr. FITZPATRICK opposed it, as it was calculated to do more harm than good, and was a needless interference with the rights of the people. Mr. M. H. STEPHEN considered that the assertion that the Licensed Victualler's Act required amend- ment was an admission that public-houses were a nuisance and required control. Though there were many estimable men keeping public- houses, yet, as a body, publicans were the most useless members of society. He advocated the passing of the bill, because by shutting up public-houses it would remove temptation out of the way of those who were un- decided.| Mr. BUCHANAN dwelt upon the evils of intemperance, and upon the necessity of doing in the interest of the community the utmost towards checking it. Mr. R. FORSTER objected to the principle of the bill which gave the whole power of deciding whether liquor should or should not be sold into the hands of a few individuals in a locality, energetic enough to come forward and register their votes, Mr. BAKER, would vote for the second reading of the bill, but when in committee he would insist upon a longer notice than six months being given before public houses were shut up. If this were not done he should give his opposition to the measure at the third reading. Mr. ECKFORD looked upon the bill as so illiberal in character as to be unworthy of notice. If hon, mem- bers wished for reform they, ought to amend the Licensed Victuallers's.Act. The amendment was put and negatived, and the second reading was carried by 26 to 10. The House went into Committee on the bill, and a motion was made to postpone the further considera- tion to Friday, the 12th January next. Mr. DRIVER, Mr. FARNELL, and Mr. WILSON addressed the com- mittee at very great length ; and after attention had been many times called to the absence of a quorum, the motion was carried and the House resumed. The House adjourned at midnight, to 4 o'clock on Tuesday next. SEVERAL. meetings and movements have been reported in our columns contemplating an Ex- pedition to New Guinea. Told in few words, a number of adventurous people invite the co-operation of others of the same tempera- ment, each venturing £10 on the project. They propose to hire a vessel, to obtain mining implements, to arm themselves with muskets, and to proceed to the south eastern coast of New Guinea. The Expedition is in- tended to quit Sydney on the 26th of the present month. Dr. LANG has given the movement the countenance of his presence, and an appeal has been made to the public to support the project by contributions. The object of the Expedition is not merely to extract gold from the soil, but to carry a philanthropic and benign in- fluence to the country. The natives are to be treated kindly, and are said to have entitled themselves to that treatment by having shown kindness to strangers. The Expedition indeed does not rely upon evangelical means for a favourable reception. The musket is to accompany the pickaxe, and the people who are able to use the one may be equally expert in the employment of the other. We do not blame the Expedition for not confiding in the means which Bishop PATTESON found to fail. The solitary missionary has indeed often been welcomed and sustained by a savage people who have had no suspicion of ulterior objects ; but the present temper of the islanders in this part of the world is not favourable to confidence, either in whites or blacks. Every ship that approaches islands where civilization has not been deeply rooted, must prepare arms as well as anchors, by no means certain which may be first required. There is a growing probability that every vessel which appears in the offing even as benevolent in intention as this expedition, would be taken for an enemy. Probably, so large a number as eighty armed men would lead to resistance or flight. It was not unnatural, therefore, remember- ing the goodwill expressed by the COLONIAL SECRETARY in former times, that the promoters of the Expedition should apply to him for muskets. It might, perhaps, have occurred to some persons that they were not his property to bestow. Such an objection does not appear to have had weight with the applicants. But Mr. RIBERTSON has been obliged, in the course of a long official life, to understand something more of the administration of English govern- ment, and of the relative duties of colonies to the parent State. It did, therefore, appear to him too great a stretch of power to bestow arms, the property of the QUEEN, in furtherance of an expedition unauthorised by her Government, to a place not under her jurisdiction, and which may be followed by consequences of a very serious nature. The occupation of a country and the appropriation of its territory by a number of men, united for that purpose, but having no public authority, is commonly called filibustering. It is in reality an invasion which the natives would have a right to resist, according to the law of nations, by force. That they might do so, is assumed by the warlike preparations contemplated. The invaders may meet with such resistance as in their view not only to require the use of arms, but the anticipation of attack by shooting the " enemy." Let not the public accept any illusions on this subject. Those who carry on this Expedition do not contemplate killing the natives as a primary object. They only mean to defend themselves. They will be well pleased if they can induce the natives to assist them in obtaining the gold, and if they can civilize them by making them work. We are not so informed, but it is possible that among the adventurers there are some who may be prepared to invite them to an edifying religious ceremonial. But eighty men, going with such an object as to get gold, to a new country full of dangers, to a people of a strange language, and to the best of whom the most barbarous white man would deem himself infinitely superior, can only hope to obtain a footing by greater military strength. All these generous inten- tions will disappear in the presence of danger and resistance, and the step is very brief between the first collision and a war where extermination is the alterna- tive of slavery. We do not say that the Ex- pedition would become subsidiary to the labour trade ; but certainly they would be strongly tempted to sentence refractory men to trans- portation to the Fijis. It has been intimated that some form of go- vernment will be set up, and that order will be supported by law. The right of British sub- jects to take possession of a territory and form a Government has been so thoroughly denied by the highest authorities that it is no longer arguable. Excepting the natural right of self preservation, which assumes the absence of law, there can be no substitute but lynch-law. We lay no other stress upon this fact than the responsibility these people will incur to the Courts for their conduct at the islands. England claims a voice in the establishment of Governments by British subjects. There are duties, no doubt, corresponding, but of these the nation and not the individual must be the final judge. Here is an empire of vast extent and multitudinous relations. Within it there arises from time to time a number of enterprising men who would like to set up for themselves, to make war and peace, to compel labour, and perhaps to kidnap men. They may call it oppression and injustice to be resisted when the supreme Government pre- vents them thus setting up for themselves. We call it the natural supremacy of millions over tens, and of a great empire, over a group of private citizens. We have no idea of an armed expedition claiming any public authority which is not directly derived from the Crown. There is no difference in a legal view, whether the design is to supersede a Government or to seize a territory. England never objected to the migration of individual citizens, whatever right be their purpose, but an armed expedition to invade a territory would be stopped in the Thames. Is there indeed such pressing necessity for the mining interest to seek a new field of enter- prise ? Are there not districts in this country opened on very easy terms, where there will be no muskets required, and where at least there will be no danger of starvation ? Adven- turous young men of course will like a new sphere, nor would it be altogether unwelcome, if it were attended with some perils. Those who have no special vocation for fighting, had better avoid a project which will probably require the musket to be used to defend the pickaxe. Mr. ROBERTSON, in his interview, gave good words to the deputation. He told them that he had actually seen the country whither they were going ; that he beheld a land good and fair. He did not discourage them from going to possess it. As ho was not able to authorise the Expedition, neither was he disposed to prevent it. In his opinion the Government would confine itself to a prayer, whether expressed or understood, that the members of the Expedition " might do all the good they could for themselves and do no harm to the natives." There seems to lurk under this language an apprehension for a British Government far more serious than is ex- pressed. ——— As the existing Land Law was passed mainly in the interest of the free selector, and with a view to subordinate all other considerations to the settlement of a population of freehold occupiers on the soil, it is but natural that those who study the proposed amending bill should turn in the first instance to those sections that relate to conditional purchase, to see whether any fundamental change is suggested in the existing policy, or whether any limitations not now in force are to be imposed. The clauses relating specially to conditional purchasers are numbered in the new bill from 33 lo 47 inclusive. They do not in any way repeal the principle of free selection before survey. The whole country is as heretofore open to the buyer of forty acres, subject to the town and suburban limitation of distance, and of reservations for public purposes, or on the ground of private improvements. The essence of the law, therefore, remains as it was before. Intending free selectors are not " crib- bed, cabined, and confined." "The land is all before them where to choose," and provided they do not select too near to a township, or on a public reserve, or on some Crown tenant's improved land, they can choose their home- stead where they like. There are, however, one or two minor modi- fications. In the first place, the privilege of free selection has been withdrawn from children in arms. Our readers will remember the evidence that has been tendered in Court as to a baby crowing or nodding its head when asked by its ingenuous parent whether it would agree to select forty acres. All that game is to be stopped. Selection is to be bona fide by persons capable of carrying, out the objects of the law, and the age of seven- teen years is fixed upon as the full age for the purposes of the Act. It is a very reasonable age, inasmuch as a stalwart young fellow of seventeen is quite fit to go upon a piece of new land, reclaim it from its natural wildness, and shape it into a home for himself and his future wife. This proposed change in the law must be considered an improvement, and one that will check abuses. There is a further provision with respect to land containing improvements of a lower value than £40. Hitherto such improvements have been exposed to plunder. It is now pro- posed.that any lessee, whose slightly improved land shall be selected may, within one month, apply to the Minister for permission to remove his improvements ; or he may, on payment of £5 to the Treasury, apply for compensation for the value of his improvements up to £30 from the conditional purchaser, so that deducting the £5 charged for the application, the lessee may get back £25. This pro- vision, we presume, is intended as a check upon anything like wanton selec- tion of improved lands, as under the pro- posed arrangements the free selector will have to pay very nearly the value of the improvements. The conditions of purchase, namely, resi- dence and improvement, remain as they were—that is to say, for the first year the selector must reside personally, and improve- ments during the first three years must be of the value of twenty shillings an acre. As to residence, an attempt is made, not indeed to impose severe conditions, but to impose a more stringent declaration. That there has been wholesale falsification in this matter must be too well known, and the term " bona fide residence " has been stretched to mean sleep- ing once a year on the ground under a gunyah. The thirty-eighth clause of the bill proposes to add two fresh adjectives to the declaration. The declarant is to vouch that the land has been the " bona fide personal habitual resi- dence " of the selector or his alienee, while in the fortieth clause, which relates to forfeit- ure, we find a still additional adjective, namely, the word " usual," for if it is proved to the satisfaction of the Minister that the land has not been " the bona fide usual personal habitual" residence of the selector or his alienee, then the land is open to forfeiture. Will these additional adjectives remedy the evil that has been so much complained of ? Will a declarant, who did not stick at falsely asserting his bona fide residence, be arrested in the act of falsification by the necessity of adding the words "personal habitual?" Some few may, but they will consist of those of the most tender conscience. The less tender ones will probably find two English words as easy to swallow as two Latin ones. The best available check under the system would doubtless be for the Minis- ter to be open to evidence to the contrary. But according to statements that have fre- quently appeared in the papers, Ministers have resolutely shut their eyes to very strong evidence that has been tendered, proving that the land has not been properly occupied. It is true that such evidence has generally been tendered by squatters, whose object has been to prevent the cutting up of their runs, and the adminis- tration of the law has always leant to the side of the free selector. 'But if the law is to be interpreted rigidly or loosely according to individual cases or according to the class interests involved, it would be far better to leave out conditions which tend to become practically delusive, and enact that it shall be left to the- judgment of the Minis- ter for the time being to determine whether there has been reasonable occupation- accord ding to the meaning and purpose of the Act. The temptation ta falsify the declaration » in some respects removed by a new clause providing for non-resident purchasers, In lieu olf residence such purchasers are to pay thirty shillings an acre for the land, and ex- pend thirty shillings an acre in improvements. This enhanced price is in harmony with a principle that greater considera- tion is due to resident 'than to non- resident occupiers, but if we are also to regard the principle that improvement rather than revenue is the main consideration, it would, perhaps, be better to leave the pur- chase price at a pound, and raise the rate for improvements to forty shillings.. The area conditionally purchasable is in- creased from 320 to 640 acres, with tho super= added privilege that any one who has pur- chased the maximum quantity may also buy a back block of 640 acres at 5s. an acre, the improvements on such back block not being required to be in excess of 7s. 6d. an acre. The terms of payment for the free selector are also to be modified—but in the direction of being made easier. As before, a deposit of twenty-five per cent, is to be made on the purchase, and nothing, thereafter, for three years, but instead of pacing annually an amount equal to one-twentieth of the balance in the form of interest till such time as the principal is paid, there will be required one-tenth of the balances for ten successive years by which the whole debt will be extinguished. One year's instalment thus equals two year's interest; and as the payment of interest has never been found oppressive, we should imagine that the cases would be extremely rare in which the payment of the proposed instalments would be found onerous. The cheap back land is to be purchased in a series of instalments, just in the same way as the principal section To get his back block of a square mile, the selector will have to pay in cash £40, then nothing for three years, and then £12 a year for ten years. This is in lieu of the existing grazing right under which he would have to pay £2 per annum for the leasehold of a square mile ; that is, providing the land was to be obtained, and providing no one else came and selected it, and claimed a share of it under a similar grazing right. The question to be considered is whether the free- hold right, acquirable on easy terms, is not better than the leasehold right, always ter- minable, and not admitting of fencing or improvement. To sum up, the fresh advantages offered to the free selector are—an increase of area up to a square mile; the right to purchase an additional square mile at a reduced rate ; the acceptance of a double rate of interest as an instalment of the purchase money ; and the privilege of selecting without residence on higher terms of payment. The limitations are—first, that infants may not select ; secondly, that improvements may not be selected ; and, thirdly, that the grazing right is abolished. DISTRICT COURT.—Monday.—Jury Causes : $952. Bros v. A. S. N. CO. ; 5657. Gooch v Watson. THE JURY LISTS.—The Court for the revision of the Jury List concluded the business of the session shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon—a dispatch of business quite unprecedented. On Thursday (the flrst day of the session) the following magistrates took their places (Mr. W. T. Pinhey having been, by a unanimous vote, elected chairman) :—Mesers. Thornton, Holdsworth, E. Hill, Murphy, Alderson, Day, Love, Brownlow, E. Camp- bell, Evans, Vickery, Kenwick, Hogg, Hughes, Powell, Smithers, Raper, T. Neale, Smart, Raphael, Macintosh, Cowan. Cohen, Breillat, Harris, Roseby, Jones, Cunning- hame, Birrell, Hezlet, S. S. Goold, Kippax, Kettle, Haylook, Booth, Penfold, Thompson, Merriman, Tucker, Thorne and Rayner ; and yesterday (besides the chairman), Messrs. J. B. Holdsworlh, E. Campbol!, Hughes, Evans, Powell, Harris, Paleer, Oatley, G. Hill, J. F. Neale, G. Thorne, G. Smith, Booth, Cunninghame, Alderson, E. Hill, Kettle, Penfold, Levy, Smart, and Brownlow took their seats. The chair- man, at the close of the business, congratulated the magis- trates on having accomplished their task with so little ex- penditure of time, as compared with former years, and took the opportunity of expressing his appreciation of the care- ful manner in which the police had performed the duty of collecting the lists. A vote of thanks was passed to the chairman, and the session terminated. REMOVAL OF NUISANCES, etc.—The citizens owe much to the Inspector of Nuisances and the men who .work under his superintendence, for upon the faithful dis- charge of their duties depends in no small degree the health of the city. The amount of refuse and decaying animal and vegetable matters which are removed from the streets every day is something astonishing. The annual report which Mr. R. 8eymour, inspector of nuisances, has just furnished to the Municipal Council, contains statistics showing the quantity of street sweepings, house rubbish, market sweepings, gully soil, and dead animals, which was removed from the city during the year ending 3oth No- vember last. It also showed the quantity of fish brought lo the different wharfs of the city for sale, to- gether with the quantity condemned as unfit for human food. During the year, 32,784 loads of street sweepings, 18,617 loads of house rubbish, 898 loads of market sweepings, 4654 loads of gully soil—a total of 66,863 loads—were removed from the city. The number of dead fowls and animals removed from the streets, lanes, and alleys of the city during the year was as follows:— 12,557 fowls, 1562 dogs, 3321 cats, 360 goats, 4084 rats, 65 rabbits, 4 sheep, 4 wallabies, 6 opossums, 1 pig, 1 snake, 2 native bears ; making a total of 21,896 animals. The quantity of fish brought to the different wharfs of the city during the year, for sale, was as follows :—Net fish, 10,753 bushells ; schnappers, 12,423½ dozen ; king fish, 338 ; jew fish, 220 ; traelers, 216 dozen; sea mullet, 3064½ dozen ; line bream, 131 dozen ; salmon, 122¾ dozen; rock cod, 97 dozen; flat-heads, 1130; nanny guys, 94¾ dozen ; mackerel, 200 dozen ; soles, 280 dozen ; lobsters, 509 dozen ; sweeps, 300 dozen ; gropers, 6 dozen. Out of the above quantity, 275 bushels of net fish, 51 dozen schnappers, and 15e dozen mullet were con- demned by the Inspector as being unfit for human food. The number of notices served to abate nuisances (not in- cluding verbal notices), during the year, was 612. For allowing nuisances to exist, there were 276 prosecutions at the Central Police Office, and 214 at the Water Police office ; making a total of 499 prosecutions during the.year. At the Central Police Office the fines amounted to £110 18s. 6d., the costs to £58 5s. ; at the Water Police the fines amounted to £94 6s., and the costs to £42 10s.; making a total of £305 19s. 6d. LECTURE ON THE CULDEES OF SCOTLAND.— Yesterday evening, in connection with the Protestant In- stitute, the Rev. Dr. Lang, pursuant to notice, delivered a lecture on the " Culdees of Scotland." The Rev. Dr. McGibbon presided, and introduced the lecturer ; the Rev. Mr, Lewers opening the proceedings with prayer. After some animated preliminary observations, in which he drew a contrast between the position of Scotland and that of Ireland (claiming a vast superiority for Scotland on account of her battle of Bannockburn and her " No popery " prin- ciples), the rev. lecturer gave a long and learned account of the Cesle De, or Colidei—the amount order of ecclesiastics whom he declared to have introduced Christianity into Scotland and to northern parts of England long before the arrival of St. Augustine the Less, the first Archbishop of Canterbury. The reverend gentleman claimed that the religion professed by those ancient Scottish clergy—often called " Cultores Del"—was very different from that professed by the adherents of the Papal See, and he quoted some authorities in support of that view. A vote of thanks terminated the lecture, which was but thinly attended, doubtless on account of the very bad weather. THUNDERSTORM.—The weather having been disagreeably warm for some time previously, a pleasant change took place yesterday. Shortly after 4 o'clock in the afternoon, a thunderstorm, with very vivid lightning, and several heavy showers of rain passed over the city. The storm lasted, off and on, up to 11 p.m. ACCIDENT.—On last Wednesday afternoon, while a man named John Ferris was engaged at the Red- fern railway station coupling two waggons, he was caught between the buffers, and severely crushed about the chest. He was conveyed to the Infirmary, where he lay for some time in a precarious state. He appeared to be somewhat better last evening. DEATH FROM DISEASE OF THE HEART.—Shortly before 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon the City Coroner (Mr. Henry Shiell) held, at the Marine Hotel, George-street North, an inquest on the body of a man named George Digby. The wife of deceased, residing in Argyle-terrace, Argyle-street, said that her husband was 32 years of age, and a native of Colchester, England ; they had been married thirteen years, and had five children ; he was a steady, sober man, and was employed at Mort's hide and tallow stores, Circular Quay ; he did not always enjoy good health; he returned home from work between 6 and 7 o'clock on Thursday evening ; about two years ago he was laid up for a week with what Dr. Carroll called leaden cramp ; about four years ago he suffered from a pain in his left side ; about three weeks ago, deceased who had had good health since he was attended by Dr. Carroll, had a discharge of blood which continued for.three or four days; on Thursday night on coming home he com- plained of pain across his chest; they went to bed shortly before 10 o'clock, and soon afterwards she heard a groan; she spoke lo her husband, and getting no reply she con- cluded that he was in a fit ; she called in a neighbour, and afterwards Dr. Eichler, who said that he was dead.The neighbour alluded to and Dr. Eichler gave evidence. The latter gave it as his opinion that death had resulted from the bursting of an aneurism, and the jury returned a ver- dict accordingly. THE EXHIBITION BUILDING.—An effort is about to be made to render this a place of public amuse- ment, a ta the Crystal Palace at Sydenham. The promo- ters having secured as manager Mr. James Ellis, the origi- nator of Cremorne Gardens, London, and its autotype at Melbourne, have engaged a number of gymnasts, vocalists, &c.; Amongst the latter, Barry O'Neil. Miss Milner, and others. The first performance is to take place this after- noon, and the second on Monday evening. RAILWAY RETURNS.—A correspondent writes from Goulburn as follows :—" I have noticed that, since the issue of the last goods rates sheet, which has been so loudly condemned by the whole country, almost every week some paragraph appears in the Sydney papers, showing that the railway traffic returns are steadily increasing in face of the keenest and most persistent com- petition. Your last Wednesday's issue stated that the receipts for November, 1871, were £8467 7s. 3d., greater than for the corresponding month in last year, and then concludes with the announcement that this increase is at the rate of over £100,000 per annum. A most satisfactory result, no doubt ; but why not take the month of July or August, instead of November—the last month in the year, when a very large proportion of wool is being conveyed to market, and Christmas supplies returned to the country." He thinks that the public would be better able to judge of the effect of the road competition were a separate return shown of each line. Then, perhaps, it would be seen that the increase is where no competition can exist, namely, on the Western line." THE MURDERERS OF MR. VOLKNER.—A New Zealand journal states that the Defence Minister has re- ceived the following telegram from Captain Preece:— " Makebi received a letter from Ropata, dated the 20th. He brought in Kereru and Keecopa. Repata, with a few men, is on his way to Wairoa to give Kereopa up to the aulhorities there as one of Volkner's murderers." FATAL GUN ACCIDENT.—The Clarence Ex- aminer reports that Mr. Christopher Voltz, of Fitzroy street, expired at noon on the 4th instant. It appeared that one day last week, the deceased placed a cap on his gun, and went to the fireplace to try whether it was loaded, when, on pulling the trigger, the gun rebounded, the butt end striking the deceased in the pit of the stomach with great force. Medical aid was at once sought, but the deceased gradually sank, and expired as above stated. As the case was purely accidental, we understand that it has not been deemed necessary to hold an inquest. EXECUTION OF PATRICK GEARY.— Patrick Geary, the murderer of the shepherd, Thomas Brookhouse, eighteen years ago, whose crime was in so remarkable a manner discovered after such a long lapse of time, on Monday suffered the last penalty of the law in the Mel- bourne gaol. On retiring to rest on the previous night (the Daily Telegraph reports), Geary expressed a wish to be called at 2 o'clock; but he was allowed to sleep on until he awoke of his own accord, at 3 o'clock, when he com- menced to pray, and continued his devotions up to the time of his body being demanded by the Sheriff. He ap- peared to look forward to death as a release from the pangs of conscience which had troubled him for so many years, and as the hour for his execution approached, he remarked to the warder in attendance, "Thank God the time has nearly come; it is better than dying in the bush, for I have the sacraments of the Holy Church. Glory be to God, Glory be to God." Precisely at 10 o'clock the doomed man was brought on to the scaffold. He knelt down and prayed earnestly for a few minutes, and then rose and kissed the crucifix held towards him by the Rev. Father Lordan, who has attended him regularly since his conviction. Every- thing being ready, the fatal bolt was drawn, and in a moment Patrick Geary was no more. Death was instan- taneous, and hardly a quiver of the limbs was perceptible. Geary was forty-five years old a native of Limerick, and he arrived in Tasmania a convict in the year 1841. BUSH FIRES AROUND WAGGA.—The weather for the last few days (says the Advertiser) has been intensely hot ; the thermometer, under a comparatively cool verandah, registering 102°. On Monday night, after an awfully hot day, we were visited about midnight with a tremendous thunderstorm, accompanied, unfortunately not with rain, but with terrific gusts of wind, hurling clouds of suffocating dust that penetrated everywhere. The lightning was very vivid, but we have heard of no accidents from that cause. During the hurricane some of the older houses, or rather huts, in town, were denuded of their primitive bark roofs and otherwise knocked about. Yesterday was another roaster. In every direction the atmosphere was thick with smoke from the bush-fires raging on all sides. We are afraid the next few days will bring in a melan- choly record of loss from this cause. Already great damage is reported to have been done in the direction of Deepwater and Ganmain; and it is too evident, from the immense clouds of smoke, that a great extent of country must be on fire. AN ESCAPE FROM THE GALLOWS—In reference to a recent case of suspected murder, the Riverina Herald reports that " the missing man Reilly has been found, and the public mind has thus been relieved from the dread that a horrible murder had been committed. Not the least curious part of this very curious affair is that no one was more convinced that a sanguinary deed had been perpe- trated than were the men Telleson and Yates themselves. Their demeanour in Court was such as to inspire the spectators with horror. Telleson was completely chap- fallen, and stood shaking like a leaf, until at last, com- pletely overcome with dread, he fell prostrate on the floor in a faint, while the younger and more robust prisoner was forced to give vent to his feelings in tears. Later in the day, when a telegram from Mr. Superintendent Chomley arrived to say that Reilly had been found at Rochester, and the news was communicated to the supposed murderers, their countenances and whole demeanour underwent an immediate change indicative of intense relief. It is evident that they must have been themselves convlnced that Reilly had died from their ill-treatment." The police re- port in the same journal shows that the prisoners were subsequently brought before the Echuca Court on the charge of violently assaulting the man whom they were supposed to have murdered. He had evidently undergone some very rough usage. They were sentenced to three months' hard labour. THE MASSACRE ON BOARD THE MERVA.—The Fiji Gazette, of the 25th November, states that information reached Levuka the previous evening, of the capture of the murderers of Messrs Warburton, Kington, Robson, and Whitaker, and the fate of the Merva. Mr. Rees, who arrived from Nadi, states that Mr. Duncan Murray was leaving his home on one of the Yassawas Islands in a small vessel when he saw a schooner sailing strangely, which attracted his attention. He approached her, and she altered her course, steering towards the nearest shore, the Island of Beva, on which they ran her, and landed. Mr. Murray thereupon went to their assistance, when he found them to be Solomon Islanders. They inquired if the island was Tanna, and subsequently asked for food, and assistance to get the vessel off. They also said they had been at work in Fiji, had bought the schooner for eighty pigs, and were on their return home. Subse- quently they confessed they were runaways of the Merva, and murderers of the abovenamed gentlemen, whom they said they had killed and eaten. It also appears they have killed and eaten three of their own companions. They were secured by the Fijimen of Beva, and are now in custody. WHY MR. VERDON RESIGNED.—We read in the Argus of Monday last, the following :—" The intelligence that Mr. Verdon had resigned his position in London as Agent-General for the colony of Victoria, in order to accept the inspectorship of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, excited at first some surprise. That sur- prise, however, subsided so soon as Mr. Verdon's reasons for the step became known, and the dis- cussion which took place in the Legislative Assembly when the Estimates for the Agent-General's office were under consideration was remembered. Upon that ocwaai m the wise idea was started by one member that the position of Agent-General should not be a permanent one, but that, on the contrary, it should be made the means of affording to various members of the Assembly s pleasant three years' vacation at the country's expense. The idea was no doubt as absurd as any idea possibly could be, but it was received with a certain degree of favour, and Mr. Verdon, seeing that his position was not so permanent as he un- doubtedly had a right to regard it, exercised a wise dis- crimination, and resigned it in favour of one the perma- nence of which chiefly depends upon his own conduct, instead of upon the envy and.eccentricities of a number of men who may at some time or another constitute a majority of the Legislative Assembly." DEATH OF A MEMBER OF THE ROYAL FAMILY OF FIJI —We learn from the official organ of the Govern- ment, the Fiji Gazette, that the Royal family have had to mourn a heavy loss in the death of Ratu Dranibaka, who expired on Sunday night, 24th November, at his native house, Levuka township. His Royal Highness was own brother to King Cakubau, and, in the event of the demise of the reigning monarch, would have succeeded him on the throne. The Ratu has not been ailing long, but it is asserted the too frequent use of alcoholic drinks hastened his end. On Monday, the Royal flag at the Parliament House was lowered half-mast, and twenty-one minute guns were fired by a party of police under the command of Inspector Martin. The remains were interred at the family mausoleum. THE BRITISH-AUSTRALIAN TELEGRAPH.—In reference to the British-Australian telegraph, the South Australian Register says:— " There are several items of news to hand with reference to this undertaking. A letter received by Mr. J. Derwent from Messrs. J. Peet and Co., dated Batavia, October 19, says:—' The steamer Investi- gator, carrying part of the cable which is to be laid down Between Java and Port Darwin, is now here, and will leave in a day or two for the latter port.' Telegrams forwarded from Sourabays, to Galle reported the safe arrivai of the Bengal at the Northern Territory on October 25, with Mr. Finniss, Mr. Squier, and other officers connected with the British-Australian Company, and South Australian Go- vernment telegraph staffs on board, all well. At that time the war steamer Curacoa was at Port Darwin, as also the Edinburgh, carrying a portion of the cable to be laid down between the Northern Territory and Java. The smoke of another steamer, supposed to be the Investigator, was seen just as the vessel for Sourabaya left Port Darwin, and naturally enough there was no small stir in the youthful settlement at Palmerston in consequence of the presence of three large vessels. It is anticipated that before this time the submarine wires will have been laid, and that Australia will in reality be in telegraphic communication with Great Britain. We are unable to give much news as to the pro- gress of the overland telegraph ; but the Government learn that operations nave not been proceeding so rapidly as could have been wished, and Mr. Patterson has sent a requisition for further reinforcements, especially in the matter of stock. This, we believe, will forthwith be granted." Elsewhere the Register states :—" It is very certain that South Australia has no time to lose if she wishes even approximately to keep faith with the British Australian Telegraph Company. The fact that the delays that have taken place have been utterly unavoidable need not, under the stringent terms of the contract, be accepted by the company as a waiver, or even as a plea in mitiga- tion of penalties. 