#he J«quirer AND -$cmm(jrctat Jlcais. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1, 1871. Since the departure of our last Sum mary, the public journals have been chiefly occupied in discussing matters before the late session of the Legisla tive Council, together with the omis sions' and commissions generally of the Legislative body. In this we have taken a fall share, influenced solely by. the desire of placing facto truthfully before the public, regardless alike of official and non-official party spirit, or the petty Bnarlings which we regret toj see our contemporaries in-. dnlge in. We have endeavoured not to lose sight of the public interest in mere newspaper squabbles,' mischie vous insinuations, and contemptuous personalities, and we rejoice to know — not to our own credit, bnfc the good sense and intelligence of the commu nity at large — the conrse we pursue, is qaifce productive of the beneficial results we aim at. The despatches relating to the Ec clesiastical Grants have been published, and thrbwQ light upon, the action' of the; Government daring the late ses sion, in removing the -Gburch of England Grant from fixed establish* meats. The Ecclesiastical establish ment of the colony having t£dw to be dealt with independently of tie Con-. . vicfc establishment, and with the view to the equitable distribution alike in substance and form to the religions bodies, the Goyebnob's proposition ; that the Church of England be placed on a footing of equality with others, and ifchat her share of pnblic money jshonhl be paid over to the ecclesiastical ruler, may now 'be said to take effect. The position of chap lains paid by Imperial funds must also be expected to change with an ar rangement now looked fpr,- under which the whole Imperial expenditure in thecolony will probably bedefined fey a fixed annual grant to the Local Go vernment, in consideration of taking the extra charge over. This subject was brought forward and discussed at the recent meetings of Council, ^and ? it appeared to be the unanimous feeling of members that ench an arrangement was desirable, both in the interests of the Imperial and Colonial Govern ments, and the sooner it is brought about the better. The coming session. will no doubt see the matter' taken np afresh, and a^saater desire for adjust-? ing it on a feu- and equifeible l?asis. -, The' chief news of the month' 'is' irom .the 'JTorth-west settlements, which have been visited by a'rfearfal hurricane,' causing . loss of life and property, and inconvenience to the settlers. At Boeboume there is hardly a building left standing, and goods of every description have been more' or less damaged, and great portions destroyed. The pearl-shell fishery boats, with their stores and cargoes, have suffered severely, some hayiug foundered, and others been washed away or smashed on the rocks. The storm appears to have risen in its fury and spent itself on Christmas-day. The news is received with mnch sympathy for the unfortunate settlers, and it is feared there are yet more tidings of losses to come, especially amongst the fishing craft. No doubt the district is subject to cyclones, whien periodically sweep the 'country in high latitudes, and the readings of the barometer, which were carefully recorded in. this instance, may, we hope, serve in future to give a note of warning and preparation for such visitations. The season here is altogether a remarkable one, so far as we have gone through, our summer months. Alternate heat and cold, strong winds, rain, and cloudy skies, bave varied, week by week, the usually monotonous weather of the season. Bush-fires in the country districts have been little he&S;'ql, and cer6anlyrJfaturo has not tbi(?%5eaT the_, parched, dried-up cha racter we have so often experienced. It may be said of the districts gene rally, .J»ed and. water are tolerably plentiful, ..and stock looking better than usual at this season of the year. c&aievent; of the month has been the inauguration of the Inland Telegraph sy&tetn; -projected by the Electro- Mag- -netic Telegrapfc -5ompariy, with a capital of ~£1&JQOQ;, ; oh a guarantee of six 'per 'cent, from- the Gfoverfinient. - Tbe;««*m'ony-«f erecting the J8rsv post, thongh made at short notice, was ?'e%ery°^ay*successfull ~li3S'!!X8EEH!£Scst* tEe'(J-$1ir!Nfife,r4n(4ie iQ*rit&t;$o£)-|the airectors, 'readily \uiderlo~dtt the office, and ?» large , concourse' jpf ... people 'as sembled. The Enrolled' Pensioner Faroe, *£he -,Mestr9poUtaa ^elupijeer Corps, and the Monntea Union Trooji, turned onfi, and the whole ceremony passed off exceedingly welL ? ? If he -|op- trac tors for the several sections oPthe line are -at work, which is being pushed forward rapidly, and possibly in twelve months' time the four hun dred miles will be entirely completed. The primary object of the company is to connect -Perthj Fremantle, and 'the Eastern districts with King George's Sound, believing' it but a' question of time when- the geographical position of this colony -shall be availed of for ?telegraphic communication between Australia and Europe, &c.;, and that the local project now undertaken is in every sense a step in the right direc tion. By the timethe work is finished, we hope to witness a J3et*er; and more encouraging state of-tbinga throughout the country, when such a means of communication will :be more a local : convenience; Tto-jHbe cpmmnjiity gene- . .xalljj -9#d i.ip -:: the -aJPSairs ,of Oor^^* ment ; meantime , it is, a - : desirable source of employment of labour, and speaks for the. enterprise, of all con cerned in'thdtqmfwtrj.: ... t-; ,-t ;. d }jrj. From our country news we gather that the result of the season's harvest is not quite up to expectations, and that crops in many instances were supposed to be greater than they have actually turned* ont to be. : The aggre gate yield may be estimated, however, as surpassing that just' previous to the drought and red- rust calamities, and therefore there will be a small surplus available for export- — a result which, under the ' many hardships and losses passed through, we may thankfully congratulate ourselves upon. General trade shows little signs 'of improve ment, thongh there sge -malted indi cations of J^rowing off 'iseeent depres sions, and proB&'bl|'iri a month's time there will' be less dnllness. Stocks of sandalwood accnmulate, though, at a low ebb, but we are hopeinl of receiving tidings which will restore this export to confidence, and the improvement of a large class of onr poorer settlers. Shipping arrivals at Fremantle during the month have been, Eliza SlancJie and WaterlUy, with general cargo, from Melbourne': and Sea Ripple, with sugar, from. Mauritius. The Strathmore and Sea Ripple are loading sandalwood for Singapore, and the Eliza Blanche will shortly sail for Batavia. Mining. — The following report of the Ger aidino Miue from the Manager. Mr. James Mitchell, his. been forwarded to Messrs. Ii. M. Uabgood It Co. :— Sir,— During the past four weeks about 40 tons of lead ore have been raised to the snr face, and 32 tons 6 bags conveyed to Port Gregory for shipment Since my last report, the 35., falhiMt Jerel driving N.ti. of Todd's shaft Bag fallen off in value. A slope is being worked in the back of this level, about 6 fathoms behind (lie present one, wonh I£ (on at least per fathom; also a slope in the bottom of the same level, about 4 fathoms belli nd the end, worth . 4 tqns jat least twr fathom. 'A'e ? have resumed unking Tp id's «baft. The (ode at present is very small arid gronnd hard, bpl it has «very appearance of. a change soon. 1 anticipate in about 4 fathom.-) sinking we shall cut the lead down in. the bottom of the 35 fathom lerel N.E. from, shaft ; ire are also driringthe 27.faihom level in the same direc tion. ^The lode at this point of operation is worth about 5:.cwt. por fathom. !Withia4he- last fortnight we 'have corinectei the little boiler to onr winding engine, which has enabled us to wind with far greater facility I may, in conclusion, add -that «fll other puicts of operation, together -jnth the machinery, are going -on satisfactorily, bat the want of a few more competeot miners occasions me great inconvenience. To those who advocated 'the question of a Loan for reproductive worts, ' and who, with us, believe that, in the present, critical state of the colony,, some . extraneous expenditure is urgently required, the proceedings on the Loan Sill during the late Session. cannot fail to have interest. So.fkr' as we are in a position to judge, ' there were few members on either side of the Honse? elected; or non-elected, who were not prepared to give, their votes in 'favor of a moderate loan for soch public wdrbs of general utility as met their approval. At the commence ment of the Session, the Government; plainly .shadowed forth their opinions, laid on the table sl detailed list of the works they considered most desirable to undertake, and set forth their views as to the means by which the ex penditure! connected with: the floating and maintenance of a loan should be provided.: :They proposed that the whole question should be - dealt with as a separate measure, distinct from the JEstimates, and they were un doubtedly prepared, so soon as anji definite' ' opinion was arrived at in Council, to have introduced a Bill to carry the plan into operation. Man proposes, however, .and Goi. disposes, and this happy and de sirable, issue ?? was. frustrated ; by the arrival of the English. Mail, which placed in the Govebkgr's hands a Despatch from Earl Kimbeelet, the newly-appointed 'Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to one written by the ?GovEraroB, in 'which he expressed an opinion that the colony would benefit by a moderate loan, and requested sanction to approve any' measure that might be passed to raise a sum not exceeding one hundred thousand ponnds,' to be expended on such public works as met his approval. The Secret A.av op State -either has, personally, a very poor opinion of the colony, or, wbaV is more probable, took the advice of some subordinate whose financial ideas are not fully developed, and who knows nothing of Western Australia, for he combats the opinions of the Governor, and declines to permit him to approve any measure for raising money, and says that he himself cannot sanc tion any loan for a sum much in excesB of twenty-five thousand pounds, and' that only when he is satisfied that the mode in which the amount is to be expended is such as may be looked ou as folly reproduc tive. It ia right we shonld say that we h'a,v» no ogpy of .the : Djwtatctt before Mf anclrttiat _W m^ be somewhat inaccurate in the details, but as to the main fact, we are quite clear that the gist of the Despatch is stated. The receipt of this Despatch, df Jcpnr^e.valtqgethjr precluded t^ei firO««»E)B& fjk#n 3 Atfe- . ducing a Bill to raise' any loan in excess of the sum named, and as that sum in no way reflected the opinions or wishes of honorable members, it became' necessary, if the question of a Iferger loan was to be discussed, that some one of the elected members 'rSSuld ?S?roauce^a nJuipiis' a measure' emBas^e i;#l-ni-; JjimieJ£? jit? /is a matter ofgreat regretj -and; the colony may perhaps find it ont,OHardgy, that a'cdnferenpe/w^ ^195 hel4jb*etween the leading members of: the CWerumBpt and the Opposition, and some measn|-e decided on which both, parties would have supported. . Had this been done, the lamentable differences of opinion &nd; the hard words- ihat were spoken- on either side might have been, avoided, and the colony. might fairly have looked forward, a few [months, and seen those for whom it is most desirable to find -employment; fansily engaged on works, the construction of which woald not only provide /snBfce- nanoe for many now seeking work, and . seeking it in . vain, but works that w6nld,;from the date of tb^ir Com pletion, necessitate the. ..continual employpient pf many hands, and be at 'the. ^ame time : in. -every way remn nerative. / .... . It is not ia the nature- of things in 'Swan Biver ix-- go smoothly. Some how, the Government and the .People, as represented ia the -newepapers, don't seem .to, hit. .it off, and certainly in, this instance^ ? there was a wide : difference, of /opinion, between the) 'Government and the Representatives i in. Corincil of. the People. Was it the iault of the one or the other ? Were the propositions of . the .elected members of Council bnsins5siike,-and such as could reasonably be. 'expected to meet the approval of the authorities who wield .the. sceptre, in Downing Street (and without, this approval would be labour , lost), and of those happy individuals who, with pockets -full of money, are continually on the look out for new investments ? Were the suggestions of the Govern ment factious and unreasonable? Were they such as should or ought to have been rejected, as they were, or might not .some compromise have been arrived ar, some happy medium adopted, . so ' that the unseemly spectacle might have been avoided of sending to England, on the Bimple question as to the proper . means to float the first loan in Western Australia, an absolute difference of opinion, between the Governor and the Council ? It might have been conceded to the Govebnob, if hot to his advisers, that he, at all events, had had some experience in such matters in a larger sphere, and that his views were worthy of careful consideration. But we will not argue the question We are very sure that with the .facts before . them, our readers are as well able to form an- opiuion as we ourselves arc, and we shall content ourselves by placing those facts before them, aud leave them to arrive at their own conclusions. On -the 6th January, Me. Steere, the. leader of the elected members, moved that leave be given to introduce a Bill to raise a loan for' the construction of pnblic works. The Bill was formally introduced, and it was arranged that it shonld be read a second., time on the 11th January, and dn that day the principle of the Bill was adopted, and it passed ' through' committee. The Bill provided' for raising a sum not exceeding one hundred thousand, pounds, for certain works. These works, to the extent of twenty-three thousand three hundred and forty seven pounds, were specified thus ? — Fremantle jetty; £20,000 ; Buubury jetty, £500 » 'sea-wall, Mandurah, £500; lighthouse, Champion Bay, £1,524; lighthouse, Albany, £573; . lighthouse, Irwin, £250 ; and for them, with the exception of the last named work, plans and specifications, with properly- framed estimates, had been laid on the' Council table' by the' Government. The remainder of the amount — between seventy-six and seventy-seven thousand pounds — was to - be expended -on a ' railway from 'Fremantle towards the Eastern 'districts of York, Northam, and '-' Toodyay, via Perth and Guildford.' No plans of this work were provided ; no estimate of the eost per mile was made ? and the proposed 'route of the railway was not defined further than is above stated.. The 'BilJ provided thai the cost -6£ ifiottSrg tihe loan,- of the interest for it,— and for a sinking fund at .the rate of one-and-ar-half per cent*, should be made ; a primary charge --m the revenue, but no pro vision had .been or was subsequently made ou .the estimates to carry this into effect. We .will pass over^the discussion in: Conncil, merely -saying that the evident defects i& the Bill were plainly pointed out by the Government -and other ntenjbers in the Housej bu£ with, no resalt. . We will, content Ourselves with- ? alluding to the message of the Govebxok, in returnir^giliE^iff-t* SieSoaSe ^as in that message every point mentioned in the ' House was taken up and fully dealt Tvith,') and to the reply to tfhat message, both ofwhich, we venture to assume, have accompanied the Bill now . reserved-^, for. . Heb jJ^a/esix's pleasure, 'and. 'transmitted for that purpose in the '?Despatch Bag' that was forwardedi by the last outgoing maiL Before . we allude, however,- to that message, it may not be out of place to refer to a speech made by A£». Steebe on the 3rd January! — three days before he introduced the, Loan Bill. In this speech he is reported: to bave said that he did not see his way clear to advocate a loan of a large amonnt to carry on railways ; that he shonld wish first to see what would probably be done by some of the companies who might be induced to undertake the construction of private lines, and that he should like to post pone the question of ' a loan for railways until the capabilities of Thomson's road steamers were tested* He added that such were his private opinions, but that he should not oppose any proposition made to construct a railway. In returning the Bill to the Council, the Goverxor very pertinently remarked that the action of the non official members of thie Conncil had resulted in the passing of a Bill to enable him to issue debentures secured on the general revenue, but that the reveuoe and expenditure vjted by the Cpunca:. being fTiesSiy eqlB, '' no balance^entimed-^to 'jSay t^Hfttflreftt and siMk*ing fund') and that;td go into the market without showing that ample provision had been made to cover the interest and sinking fund, credit of the colony. He pointed out that the Secretary op State especially required that the relative urgency of the several works proposed shonld be reported on, and that this had not been done. That in ragard to the railway to the Eastern aiscricts, it was' necessary he should be'aaf6r|neB-^| jto'Sb'he./cxBJBfc'rlute it was* to 1 -^ke,- -a4d W to Hne precise scheme proposed^, Ethat .such calcn , U«o^is fehonl d.i^ ,*o?iisn-i! 4s*, ^lofd satisfy . ?Aap KjMBBBLEr, -feat the Corincil hiad giren the subject fbA'and businesslike conside'ratipn^. .and that the work, wonld be ' reprodub'tiye ' aid beneficial to the colony. He.furih'er reminded the - Conncil thatt a con siderable sum jo? money had been voted for a Thomson's Road Steamer, and .that ...should this. ausw«£f the aiita«p^Ktm¥'^orfaiei *W' #]by- the ^ouaciCit wonld afFpi-d afar cheaper meai& orccmVeyance la&d.;'cominunica- tion than ia' irAilway. ' -;-f :-' -'?- WHBn-Tih&\- considEratBi} ' of-Hhis message' w^s taken in Council, Me. Steebe moved_ a lengthy reply to it, which was adopted, on division, by ten votes to six, and as the reply, Kke the message, has been pubiished, we need do no. more than briefly refer to the leading -points in .it. It stated that the Conncil having provided that the interest and sinking . fund should' be a primary charge oa. the revenue, such was the- Best security. That they weald in future be the first items chargeable .against the revenue., ; . That 'shonld the present . tariff prove- in sufficient to meet all purposes, the ^Ptf^fc??2' r?^/lnot;,J*te-«intei?eBi-, snomdVe jneijbv e^tra {axa.tjon. On this ? point a rcsoiufibn *- Svas ' 'subse- quently. passed~by the iCounciL ..That the relative urgency 'of. the 'wddks was in accordance with the' 'order in which they were placed in' the Bill. That the Council were satisfied a_ Ijue of railway, as suggested in the Bill, wonld be remunerative, and referred generally to this end, to the large quan tity of produce now brought to market, the additional laud that a. railway would bring into cultivation, and ,tne jarrah forest through which the line would .run. That Thomson's Road Steamers would, in the opiuion of the Council,' prove valnable auxiliaries to railways, bat would' not be suitable for trunk lines, such as that proposed. Oq receipt of this reply the Go vernor contented himself by reserving the Bill for Heb Majesty's pleasure, and all action here necessarily stops till that pleasure is made known. We should gladly see the matter left to the discretion of the Ggversob, under some definite priuciplest -bnt we fear that we have nothing but a dis appointment to look forward to, and that the whole question will have to be begun over again, aud thus at least a year will be lost, and that at a time when the colony should be moving ou. It cannot stand still — it must either progress or retrograde. We caunot, look which way we will, flatter ourselves that with au estimate of revenue and expenditure, balanced within £400, and Unit by . extra taxation, the Secbeiakv of State will be induced to sanction a loan without doe provision made for. payment oi' interest on it, or that capitalists will risk their means without seeing the prospect^ of r&i.vir; ^fcfeurtfy tb'aii teis been provided'. ' '* '* * 