NATIONAL BANK FORGERIES. ("From the Ballarat Evening Post, June 22.1 Alexander Rose, alias George Leslie, was chained at the City Pelice Court with having forged a draft for £200 on the National Bank of Australasia at Buninyong, oh May 31, 1S7L John Cameron Lindsay, Manager of the National Bank, Buninyong, deposed that he saw prisoner there about 10 o'clock on May 31. Had never seen him before. Produced a draft from the Prahran Bank payable to George Leslie. Wit ness identified the draft, envelope, and letter of advice produced. Heard prisoner tell the Accountant that he was going to a sale at Smythesdale. The draft was negotiated, and the_ prisoner went away with the money. Laid an information against prisoner on Friday, June 2\. George E. Tolhurst, Manager of the National Bank at Prahran, deposed that the draft pro duced, purporting to bear his signature, had never been signed by him. It was not like his signature. He knew the prisoner, but could not identify his writing. The advice purporting to have been sent from his Bank was a forgery. The advice bore the signature, " H. R. Englands:" that was a forgery. He knew the prisoner as a clerk at the National Bank, Emerald HilL James Marshall Campbell, Manager of the Emerald Hill Branch, deposed that prisoner had been accountant there for two years. Prisoner left without permission about 10 o'clock a.m. on May 3. He knew the prisoner's writing, and believed that the draft, advice, &e.;, produced were his handwriting. James Percy, mounted- constable at Benalla, deposed that prisoner told him he burnt a draft book belonging to the Bank at a bush-fire near Runnymede. Prisoner was committed to take his trial at the Ballarat Circuit Court on July 21. The same prisoner was charged with having uttered a forged bill of exchange for £200 on the National Bank, Learmonth, on May 31, 1871\. William Lee Alfred Ellston, Manager of the Bank at Learmonth, deposed that prisoner called on Wednesday, May 31, about 5 o'clock, or after Bank hours. Prisoner asked if witness had heard from Mr. Tolhurst, the Manager at Prahran. Witness replied that he had received an advice and a draft. They purported to have been sent from the Prahran Bank. Prisoner said Mr. Tolhurst had promised to give him a letter of introduction, but it was late when he left. Prisoner also said that Mr. Tolhurst authorized him to use his name to witness. The draft produced is the one given. Prisoner said he wanted the money that night, as he wished to attend a cattle sale next morning, and would want to start at day break. Gave prisoner £100 in £l-notes, and £100 in fives. Prisoner went away soon after, and subsequently witness laid an information at Learmonth. G. E. Tolhurst swore that the draft and advice now produced, purporting to have been issued from his Bank, were forgeries. Never authorized prisoner to_ use his name. There was no draft for £200 issued from the Prahran Bank to Learmonth on the day men tioned. J. M. Campbell, recalled, swore that the draft, advice, and letter were in prisoner's handwriting. Committed to Ballarat Circuit Court. A Plain Question.—To the Western Times, one of the Portland papers, a correspondent writes :—" Can you inform me what is the present market value of a vote for the borough, or what prices are likely to rule at the coming contest? Last election I was sold. I found when too late that I could have secured a better price if I had only held out. I think it is only fair to all of us that a price-list should he published and corrected up to the latest date." 