SPARKS FROM RAILWAY ENGINES. ^ ? DEPUTATION TO THE COMMISSIONER OP PUBLIC 'WORKS. On Tuesday morning, May 16, a deputation, consisting of Messrs. W. Urlwin, J. Harvey, J.P., — Short, and J. Middleton, and introduced bv the members for the district, Messrs. L. Glyde and W. Cavenagh, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works (the Hon. J. Carr) to consider the means of preventing fire from the railway engines, and take steps to obtain compensation for past damage. Mr. Urlwin said the deputation had pro ceeded from a meeting called by himself as Dis trict Chairman, on account of the fires that had occurred during the past summer along the line of railway. They were in a state of dread from these fires, for during the last month of summer there was afire nearly every day, which had destroyed crops, fences, &c.; Application had been made to the Government for compensa tion, but they stated that they were not liable, having taken all necessary precautions. He said they had not, and he thought past acts would prove that they had not. They had not taken such precautions as they used to do. They had not even cleared the ditches. He thought the Commissioner would see that they were placed in a very awkward position. They might be ruined and completely beggared. The fires had extended from the railway to the homesteads, and he thought the least the Government could do was to recompense. It had also been stated by the Engineer-in-Chief, in a letter which only added insult to injury, that when the land was bought they knew that engines would pass their property, and then was the time when they should have received compensation. He thought that was frivolous. When the land was taken, they could hot get what they liked for it; but only what it was worth, They could not make any charge for the danger there might be. Some yeaw ago the Government used to pur chase wheat a chain from the line^ but that was not done now. He maintained that it was not too much. Some stubble of his had been set on fire 22 yards from the railway. When rubbish was left within eight or ten feet from the engine they were ex posed to danger. It was also said that they had no means to prove that the engines caused the fires; but what other proof would they want but that when the engine passed property other wise safe was ignited— in a year when there had been fewer bush-fires than before ? There were not less than nine places which had been set fire to, and some of them five times. It was ridicu lous to think they were caused by anything but the engines. It was wrong that they should be beggared simply to make the railway pay. Mr. Mais deserved praise for making it remune rative, but it should not be at their expense. 3Ir. Mais wished the cases taken to the Supreme Couit, but he did not think they should be forced there. Mr. Harvey endorsed these remarks, and added that his place had been set fire to, and fencing and stubble burnt. He sent word to the Engineer-in-Chief, but he iook no notice of it. He lived near the Railway Station, and he. supposed there was more force required in starting, so there was more danger. He had taken the precaution this year to plough the border of his land, but the fences had been burnt. He agreed with 3VIr. Urlwin as to considering probable danger ?when selling the land, and thought it was an insult to say such a thing. If they had not agreed to take the price fixed by an arbitrator, they would have had .to go to the Supreme Court. He was sure the Government did not wish to see the fanners' crops burnt. It was neither just nor honest, and the Govern ment should not be allowed to burn the whole country. -. His crops and fences had been burnt on a previous occasion, and when he pointed it out they made good the loss, and also bought a chain ou each side. If people were then indem nified in that way, it would have been ridiculous to have taken the precautions suggested by Mr. Mais. He thought it was the duty of the Government to see what damage was done, and, indemnify it. That morning he had seen grass on the line which if set fire to would ignite the crops. . Mr. Short said he was one of the greatest sufferers on the line. At a fire which occurred »i January, if it hadnot been for the kindness of Jus neighbours, his whole property would have been burnt. Had the railway authorities taken proper precautions in clearing* **ay ™e ^ grass from the ditch it would not have occurred. The .railway drivers seemed to be under no restriction as to SSl?- ^.W*ty,and he thought the ^Mana^er ought to be also under some re ^ OTerbadJd t^' ?as when t1ie traia ? -˚ the fire^to keepVUp steam.*0 If the ^onager was as mtelhgent in railway matters ?l*.j?\ oxx^ to **» he oug&t; to be able to invent a scheme to prevent sach fires, and it . tfould Hot cost more than £10 for each engine. Some of the railway employes had pointed out the grass on the line, saying ' There will be a fire there some day;' and he dare not clear it away, while the Government would not. His seed wheat had been burnt; and if that was the way they were to be treated it was the way to fill the colony with pauper farmers. If they went to the Supreme Court it would cost him a lot of money, which he could not afford to lose. Mr. Middleton stated that the first fire took place on his property, and he wrote to the Com missioner asking him to take some precaution, but the grass was still very long, and he was sorry to say no precaution was used. After some damage had been done he asked the Manager to send some one to see it, but nothing was done. He was told that there was no proof that the fire was caused by the, engine, but he had seen the driver stoke the engine three times, and then he saw the smoke and flame. His place had been set on fire five times, but as he thought it was no use, he did not send any notice of the others. He hoped the Government would see the necessity of taking more pre c .ution in future and paving any little damage that had been done. The Commissioner certainly regretted very much that these fires had occurred on the line of railway. One reason perhaps why they might have been more frequent was that the gauze covering to the chimney had not been used, as it was found to retard. He had not heard whether these fires were caused by the snarks from the funnel or from the firebox. 'Mr. Harvey— From the fire-box principally. . ; Mr.. Carr said in England they used to meet a somewhat similar difficulty in thrashing by causing the sparks to drop into water. Of course, a fanner would have been thought insane almost if he had not taken that precaution. He thought they might endeavour to improve the arrangements, and they would as far as they could avoid a recurrence of these fires, which were certainly a great injury to those persons who lived on the line. He would consult the Engineer-in-Chief whether they could not in the summer months adopt the gauze cover. There was however, this difficulty— that in the summer months they had most work.' With reference to the question of compensation, he thought the Engineer-in-Chief was correct that after they had used due precautions they were not liable. In the future they would use all the precautions they could, and he was sure those in charge of the line would take all the 'precautions about clearing. He was sure Mr. Mais was as anxious as he was to prevent fire. He took the position that they were not legally liable ^ if they had taken precautions, but the question of moral liability had been mooted. He confessed this was a very grave question. If the Government were to pay in full claims made upon them, it might lead to doubtful and improper claims being made. The Insurance Companies had had great difficulty in this respect. He thought the deputation had put a case which could be fairly considered— whether the Government could pay a portion of the expenses where there was a presumption — not a proof — that the fire had originated in connection with the railway. They ought not to give such compensation as would be a temptation to any man to set fire to his own property— (Hear, hear)— but it was a case for serious consideration whether some portion, say one half, of the damage should not be paid for by. the .Government. He was unable to give a distinct answer at present, but he would consult his colleagues. The statement of the deputa tion would have a fair consideration, and as far as they could he was sure the Government would do justice. Mr. H. C.Mais (Manager of Railways) observed that it was the custom a few years ago to pay for the crops a chain on each side of the railway. The result was that they had two very heavy claims, one of which— that of Brady— was now pending. Claims had come in as frequently as when the custom was not observed. They had done as much as possible both withv regard to the grass and the% engines. The grass had been cleared twice. [Several members of the deputation here dis puted that statement]. Their engines were of the best construction, and all precautions were taken to prevent sparks from flying. It was impossible to stop it without actually preventing the engine from moving. The sparks did not come from the fire-box but from the ashpans, if there were any. They might come from the chimney, but there were two gauzes to come through, and the box was completely covered up except where the draught came in, and they could not stop that without stopping the draught. The sparks could only fly when the fire was being raked, and that was necessary in going up the bank. It was a strange thing that in and around Salisbury there had been more fires than in the rest of. the 100 miles of railway, Further north the wild oats had been higher than the fences, and there had only been about two fires although the engines used were the same. He did not think it would be of any use to buy a chain of wheat along the line, for the fire went beyond that. ? Mr. Harvey pointed out that the Government had shown their liability in past years by giving notice that if the land was not cleared by a certain time, they would not be responsible for damage. The fences were growing ones, and were liable to catch fire; but they answered their purposes, and it was not right that they should be bound by. a public, institution as the railway was. With reference to the wild oats, he said that it was less ignitible thaa some other grasses. He was much obliged to the Commissioner for his favourable answer, and he had no doubt the Government would do justice., Mr. Short pointed out that the land about Salisbury was clear, and the wind blew the sparks about more than in 'other parts, the grass also being drier. Mr. Urlwin thought there should be inquests on fires on the line, and the Juries could deter mine whether they were caused by the engines. The Commissioner thought the inhabitants should take the necessary action. Mr. Urlwin said in regard to Brady's case that it was not settled because he could not bear the expense. ; Mr. Cavenagh thought it was a question whether the, Government was not liable, if the fire went from the railway land to the private property adjoining. ' , Mr. Mais— We are liable if the fire .occurs on our land most certainly. Mr. Gltdk said it appeared to him the depu tation had stated their case very fairly and very forcibly, and if he did not think their case was a reasonable one he would not press it upon the Government. No doubt Mr. Mais made a mistake when he referred, to the original bargain. (Mr. Mais— 'No.') The laud was taken away from them, and they had no option. If they had demanded more than the value the Government would have laughed at them. He thought it was rather a weak way of putting it on the part of the Government. He did not know whether Mr. Mais intended to insinuate that the people of Yatala were inclined to arson. (Mr. Mais— 'No.') He repudiated that alto gether. He understood Mr. Middleton distinctly to say that he wrote to the Commissioner, calling his attention to the grass on the line, and that nothing was done in consequence. It was a ' matter of yes or no. Mr. Mid dleton was- willing to say one thing and Mr. Mais's officers another. (Mr. Mais — 'Yes.') Be thought they might consider the result of. the interview satisfactory. He considered the claims made were fair claims for pubUcmoney. Mr. Carr said that he and the other mem bers of the Government would not fail to do justice irrespective of any legal consideration. The Government could not stand upon strict legal considerations as private individuals could. He quoted a decision of Chief Justice Bovill, in England, to the following effect, in a case 'where property had been set fire to by a railway-engine. The Judge said a locomotive engine was a dangerous instrument employed to! carry fire about the country; but as Parliament, had authorised its use, the. fact of a fire occur ring through it was not actionable unless there had been a neglect to take all reasonable pre cautions in its construction as well as in the mode of using it to prevent injury to others. The verdict was, however, given for the plaintiff, but only on the ground of faulty construction. He was sure the Government would be anxious to do justice without causing the public revenue' to be involved in unnecessary liability, and he should be prepared to recommend action to prevent -the settlers from bearing the whole loss in these cases, and to prevent the public being victimised. If they took the ground of paymg the whole of the loss they certainly would suffer. . ..,-?. ,. The deputation hxmg thanked the Coamis sioner, withdrew. 