PASTORAL AND AGRIGULTURAL. THE weather during the past month him been verj warm, nnd, according to accounts, it has hud tho *ffec( of parching vegetation, and lessening tho water supp]] on many stations. Besides this, large and destructive bush-fires have been experienced in almost all parts ol the interior. Whole tracts of country have been lai¿ waste, and not a partióle of vegetation remains, while miles on miles'bf fencing have boen entirely destroyed Everywhere exertions to stop the fire from spieodinf were futile, and tbo squatters on the Macquarie ic particular havo been great sufferers. In the Westen distriots the crops havo bad a narrow encapo from destruction by the dres. Notwithstanding these calamities, very favourable accounts as to tho condition of stock have been and «till continue to be received ; and from all the agricultural distriots we loam thal the harvest will be bountiful. We append the latest itorui. of intelligence : The weather at Wagga Wogga during the past woek has been sulf ocatingly hot, and the country ia, in con- sequence, beginning to dry up fast, and the. water, in some instances, to run very low. Some litt e feed, says the looal paper, bas been damaged by bush firer since tbo last rains, but they havo generally been gol nuder beforo they havo bad much time to spread, anil on tho whole, the damage done has beon far loss con sidcrable than in other distriots. Stock are all in good condition, and very free from disease, and, tbo Eoglist wool news being extremely satisfactory, pastoralism may look to the future with confidence. In some parti of the district the grasshoppers have appeared in great numbers, and havo destroyed a good deal ol feed. On' the Condamine, rain is very much wanted, the creeks being low, and the back water getting very scarce. From St. George, our correspondent write« that there has been a nice spring in tho grass, owing to the recent rainfall, and grass and water for travel' ling stock are both plentiful. From Walgett, our cor respondent writes that tho country is getting very scarce of grass, and that ovcrlandiug is in abeyance, tho tracks being all bare and waterless. No stook arc reported movingr. I,oonlly, bualnov» ' boo boon vgrj dull, The weather at Dubbo during the post week has boen hot and dry, and thu ory is now for rain-not that it ia required for any other purpose but to quench bush fires, wbieh are, wo regret to say, doing considerable damago on the valium squattages of the north-west. On tho Macquarie the bush is ono sheet of flame for miles, and it is only by tbo most strenuous exertions and the exorcise of the greatest caution that fencing, in some instances, hns been saved from total destruc- tion. On several, establishments, however, all labour has been futile ; willing and strong hands could not stem the course of tho destroyer, which licked round end burnt to shapeless ashen miles on miles of grass and fencing. Fires have not, during the past ten years, been so destructivo »nd generalas this season. The grass is os inflammablo us tinder, and a carelessly thrown match, ora camp fire left uneitiuguiahcd, ¡a tho cause of as much mischief us oannot be easily repaired. Too much precaution cannot, therefore, be exercised by travellers, drovers, &o; Around Dubbo there have been any number of bush fires, and farmers' crops in some localities have narrowly escaped being burnt. Tho nowa fi om tho various parts of the district is all in tho note-dry weather, a blazing, bush, and rain required. Stook are in excellent condition. Tho foot-rot and other diseases which so keenly affcoted sheep not long sinco aro succumbing to treatment and the dry weather. Ibo Jindabyne correspondent of tho Monaro Mer oury saya :-Cattle particularly, in this part of the distriot, aro in fine condition. Our pastoralists, it is said, have never had better prospeots than at present, the runs looking like meadows. I hear of no stook movements, owing, no doubt, to the near oppronoh of the holidays. Shearing is nearly completed. The ovorngo of thc clip is light ; but tbat in nearly every instance, may be attributed to the heavy rains of last winter, nnd tho consequent comparativa cleanliness of tho wool before shearing Notwithstanding this cir cuiuBtanoc, nearly all tho wool growers of this part have washed the fleeces. I should not, therefore, bo surprised if Jindabyne wool takes top price for this year's olip from Mannro. Tiio Hay Standard says :-No sheep havo orosscd at Hay during the week. Ono mob of about 200 Mer un gio fat cattle crossed on Saturday. Tho weather hos Bet in hot, and tho grasshoppers have nearly all dis- appeared. , Tho Morangarell correspondent of tho Burrangong Argus, says:-Shorn sheep are returning to baok stations, and rbo road is again resuming its native appearance. 8000 of Messrs. Gibsons' passed towards Bland, with scone 40 rams and Messrs. McGrouor and Caldwell of ibis place have purcensed a »mall lot of Merino», Iront Mr. R Hume, of Hurrow ; they arrived a few days since, . in charge of Mr, D. McGregor, jun. Some of rho neighhouiing squatters appear inclined to ta speoulato in Siletian rams, which could bo imported at tho usual rate, and, cunsiiloiing tbo length of their, wool, might prove an acquisition to the district. i , The weather nt Furhu» has been very close and sultry during the week. On Wednos iay> evening, says tho Times of the 23rd, we had a thunderstorm, accom- panied with tho most vivid lightning we have ever seen. There was a good stuart shower in tba town, but it fell much heavier in, soma parts of tho district, whlln in others thore was no ruin at all. . Tho weather nt Mudgeo has aa nt longth broken, and sinco Sunday last showers have been of daily occurrence, falling in places very heavily, Tbo days, Bays tho Tost, arc intensely hot, and tho sultriness of tho atmosphere still portends moru showers This wclcomo visitation will be of much benefit in extinguishing bush fires, which have hoon muii g in all directions, and give a start to tho grass wbiob was fast disappearing before tho heat of tbo sun and wnut of moisture. The dams and tanks have ulso been replenished where tho weight of tho storms havo fallen, and in many instances tboy wero becoming very short nf water. Locally, tho f movements have been confined to somo few lots which \- have been sent in for local consumption; tho market for both cattle nnd sheep of goiul quality beiug brisk, and showing siuns of n deoided firmness. Tho Bathurst Timen of rho 20th says :-On Mondny Inst tho two cattlo yin da were occupied with cattle pronounced to be tho finest that hnvo como to market for the past eighteen month«. What mabel tho remarkable is that tho condition of the cattle la successful result of nn experiment entered upon Mr. J. N. Gilmour. Some time since that gentle determined tn lay down several paddocks, at Baths ton, in English grasses for the purpose of fattei cattle, and carried out his purpose regardless of pense, a« will be very readily admitted when state that one enclosure of ten acres alone cost h All sorts of grasses were sown in theso paddooks. the result has been the production ' of a magni&< pasture, iu which havo been reared tho cattle 1 have formed the subject of theso remarks. Wo b only to add that the cattle realized exceptionally 1 prices. Ou the 17th rain fell at Tenterfield and did great g to the crops. The loeal paper says Active op« tlons are now going on in the wheat fields.. Theo will turn out excellent on the wholo-Mr. R. Ls expeoting to get as muoh as twenty bushels to the a -fifteen being the average crop even in good soase Weare informed that, here and there a slight sign rust has appealed, but it is not sufficient to do s material damage and that the second growth of I wheat (which sprung up after the frosts) is I expeoted tb yield much. This, we presume, can dispensed with, as the main crop will be evcrythi that can bo desired At Armidale the yield of wheat this year will exec the expectations of most people, and rumour speaks contract for Hoar at £10 per ton; The rain of Ute £ wonders, and tho season if. yet pr opl tunas for corn a potatoes. At Denman the weather is very warm. Settle have got their crops in-one and all seem satisfied. Tho maize crops about Mudgeo will bo muoh ber fited, and hopes of a crop, which were beginning be doubtful, will bo now revived in consequence of t' lato rains. The wheat harvest has now been delay by tho showery weather, and those crops which ha not been already housed are all ? ready for the aickl and being garnered with all possible despatch. Tl grain, says the Post, is spoken of throughout tl whole district os being of very superior quality, at although tho crops, as a rule, are not heavy, still good avorago yield is anticipated. Tho hay harvc has been concluded, and-nt tho present rate of consum tion, will fall considerably short of the requirements tho district-in fact, considerable quantities ha" already found their way hero from the Talbragar nt other neighbouring localities, tempted by the hij prices which have been and aro still ruling ber Maize is also becoming scarce and were it not for ic portations from other districts, extreme prices wou' be asked. Tho Western Examiner furnishes tho following : We havo recently seen a paragraph in a contemporai calling attention to B«mo remarkable fino cherries snj to have measured 2.} inches in circumference. "W have received a large quantity gathered from tl orchard of W. T. Evans, Esq , which measuro on 0 average o*j indies round, and in flavour aro a rei delicacy, »bowing to what perfection caro will brir this luscious fruit. Harvest operations have con inonced, but on a limited scale, in several parts i tho district. Next week it is anticipated horvestir will_bo general. Tho result lt is difficult to cstimati Whilst souie paddocks show an extraordinary avoragi in others tho orops are very thin, which, added to tb lons through the recent calamity, will somowlmt rcdut the estimated total. . It must bo remembered, hov ever, that there is at least one-fourth nioro land undi wheat crop this year, therefore tho total ylold ma safely bo estimated (accidents excepted) at not lei than 700.000 bushols. ' From facts .within our knov , lodge, wo think we may, predict a fair return to farmer; . Wo Team that most of the farmers in Wollingtr havo finished reaping, and that the'yield is tho bei known in the distriot for Borne years past. Tho averag is estimated at twenty-five bushels to tboaoro. 3a U is offered at the mills. . ? Tho Dubbo Dispatch learns as: follows from Ool bora:-This weather bas boon'excessively hot durin tho past fortnight with' frequent threatenings for rain which has been groatly in requisition. The farmer were accommodated with a vory heavy fall of rain accompanied with much thunder ' and lightning, oi Sunday last. Tho orops aro nearly all garnored. Th average docs not, realizo the ' farmors expectations being not more than fifteen bushols to the acre. Thi . harvest is not meted in comparison to the products o other localities. The corn looks', very promising \- especially after Sunday's rain. Potatoes aro.but pas , sable-in quality good, but size not'aycraging medium On Wednesday,morning, about a quarter to.2 o'clock : a violent thunderstorm broke over Orango, acoom panied with hail. . Its' duration; was not long, but it ' intensity, waa sufficient to cause a great deal of damage The line of the storm, says tho Examiner, was fron the Oanoblas, across Springtde, Lucknow, and Tre mearoo. Ja'course which it is somewhat remarkable hoi been taken by two pr" vious storms, without a variatioi of a quartor of a milo on either side. Tho aotua extent of tho damage it would be difficult to computo, . as much of tho wheat- which apparently appcan uninjured is found, on examination, to bo Completel} '. threshed. Tho visible.effeots aro very painful. Wholi . paddocks in some portions havo been completely clcarec : and tho wheat rendered useless, and again much thai ; has only been broken and might otherwise have been I gathered with a machine, has been quito donudod ol grain, and remains merely useless chaff. The Monaro Mercury says :-Notwithstanding thc great and continued heat, tho , grass in, the viciait} of Cooma looks remarkably verdant ; wo aro. told that some,'few miles away from . tho township, tho grass does not look as well. Tho crops look splendid, and the some intelligence reaches us from all parts ol the distriot. The paddocks of Messrs. Hain and-Son present a mest beautiful sight, thoy promising a crop Of wheat and-bay altwnnfc. u»pro«ix3enfco«l. Zn ¿li A hflilfc country, snow fell lost week, and our Jindabyne cor roopon.ient records a fall of snow in'that lcoality. Breaking of the local whetri markot tho Albury Banner says :-A, little wheat hos como forward thu week, sufficient to meet pressing demands. There is no disposition on the part of ir-c relators to buy at 3s Gd per bushel. : A quantity has been shipped for tho Mel- bourne market. Tho prioo given was 3s Cd. Wheat of course is required to meot the local demands, and we think tho farmors can get 3s Gd for such quantities ns ls required for this distriot. The surplus of course must go to Melbourne, and the prico must be guided by tho Melbourne quotations. Wo bolleve,'however, that in consequence of the enormous deficiency ia the wheat crop in England, thatthere will bo a steady export trade all through tho season. Harvest operations are now over in the Paterson dis- triot, the wheat, barley, and . oats, being safely housed. Rain is sadly ' wanted throughout the district. All fanning operations are suspended, and grass is very short. . _. 