PASTORAL AND AGRICULTURAL INTEL LIGENCE. The weather during the past week, says tho Wagga Wagga Express, has been showery and cool, and has given a wonderful spring to the rich undergrowth of green feed which tbe recent rains have induced. For the time all fears of bush-fires have been dispelled, and until the weather again sets in dry there need be no anxiety on this score. The rains have also had the good effect of reducing the nuisance of grass-seeds, which have this season been productive of most serious losses to flockinasters. In another week or two it is probable tnat aU tne sccu will nave been sued, and tlien travell ing with sheep will again bo unattended with difficulty and risk. In some parts of tho district the late wet and chilly weather has proved fatal to the newly-shorn sheep and caused some rather serious losses. In the local market there is a fair demand for fat cattle, and though no actual trancactions have taken place, the holidays having interfered with business, prices are well main tained, and are likely to continue firm. For fat sheep there is little or no demand. Store cattle aic briskly inquired for, and as the supply is limited and likely to fall far below the requirements of buyers, a continuance of high rates may be looked for. Best bullocks are worth from £4 5s to £5 ; others in proportion. Store sheep especially good wethers and sound-mouthed ewes, are in fair demand, with but few offering. On Wednesday last, says the Wagga Wagga Express of the 31st December, 1870, 900 head of splendid store cattle, in charge of Mr. Hann, crossed the river by swimming, and a couple of days before 900 head of Mr. Gilbert's crossed in the same manner, rather than pay the exhorbitant tolls demanded by the Bridge Company. Both lots were taken across without the slightest trouble and without the loss of a single beast. Mr. Hann's lot are from the Burdekin, Northern Queens land, and have been sold to Messrs. Tozer and Fisher by Air. G. A. Elliot (P. R. & Co). They proceed to Jerilderie, and will there be divided- -one mob being taken by Mr. Tozer, and the other by Mr. Fisher. These cattlo have now been eight months on the road, and during that time have travelled over 1600 miles — covering in their journey nearly the entire length of the continent. With the exception of about 20 head tbe lot is composed entirely of bullocks. They are all in splendid order, and, taken as a whole, are, in tbe opinion of those best competent to judge, undoubtedly the finest lot that have passed through Wagga for years. They travelled from tho Burdekin to the head of the Warrego, and from thence down that river to the Darling, and during one part of their journey passed over more than 200 miles of unoccupied country, altogether beyond the bounds of settlement. For the splendid condition in which they have been delivered here tho greatest credit is due to the droving of Mr. Hann in whose charge they have been since they left the Burdekin. The following are the crossings at Deniliquin. — Mr. P. Tyson's 3600 fat sheep ; T. M'Farland and Co's 200 fat cattle Landale, Brothers' 17,000 store sheep for Noo rong, Mr. John Holloway's 7 bulls, for Wagga ; Mr. Rudd's fat cattle, T. M'Farlane and Co's 7000 store sheep passed down for Nap Nap. The following stock have crossed at Bloama 1200 Doyle's ; 3300 ewes (Noura Station) 500 ewes and 3500 wetherB M'Evoy's ; 3900 fat sheep from Bourke, Barton in charge ; 1657 fat sheep Cuba Station. On Saturday, the 17th instant, 100 rams from Messrs Wolseley, Gibbs and Co's. , Cobran and Thule stations, passed Mulwala in charge of i r. Thomas Keatinge. They were in superior condition and well bred, consigned or sold to Mr. Vantiars, of Dora Dora station. Encouraging reports are just received from Dubbo. The country is splendid. The grass is higher than it has been known for many a year, and at every place — even the most sterile spots— the growth is something wonderful. The grass seeds are doing much mischief. They are more than usually plentiful, and we bear they are killing large numbers of sheep — the mortality however, being greatest amongst lambs. Sheep which were shorn at any distance from their stations suffer dreadfully while travelling homewards. The shearing is completed, and every day sees largo quantities of wool passing through for market. A week or so past, five or six heavily laden waggons from Messrs. Richard son's Murrawombie shed went through for Singleton. The reports to hand speak of the get up of the clip as excellent. The machinery lately erected by Mr. Bing ham has well answered its purpose. The fleece is tur ned out a beautiful white, and it is surprising if for the I future at the London sales the well known Duck Creek brand docs not fetch leading prices. From Bourke we learn that the country looks magnificent. There is any quantity of feed everywhere, and stock aro in tip top condition. The river is still navigable. Nearly all the season's clip has been sent per steamer. The country in the vicinity of Cannonbar never looked better. The plains are like English meadows, and their load of her bage just now looks the real tnrkey caipet. The Lower Macquarie and Wammerawa country is looking well. There is a good deal of water still oh the plains. Cattle are reported in fine condition, and on several stations the whole herds are in market condition. On the Castlereagh, things bear as cheerful an aspect as the most exacting would wish. There is a report that pleuro is rather severe on the Merri Merri, but this wants confirmation. The Upper Bogan news is to the effect that latterly the weather has been very variable. One day is uncomfortably hot, the next is cloudy and brings a succession of thunderstorms and rain showers. The third day there are cold wintry breezes blowing. The country looks well, and stock are in a very forward healthy state. From the Marra Creek we learn that the waather has been very warm — the glass going up to 92 in the shade ; but the j season is beautiful, and, everything looks welL From Queensland, oar accounts tell of heavy rains, but the country is everywhere finely grassed, and stock of all kinds are in great heart* - St. Goorge^s bridge has been ^ flooded, and travelling stock prevented. Shearing is progressing on the Condamine, but labour is scarce. There is little to report in thestation market. Tho demand for good cattle properties continues. Any such, with well-bred herds and conveniently situated, are sure to command top prices. The Dubbo stock items are:— 1450 sheep ^M'CuUoch'B) in charge t-f Atkinson, passed on Wednesday for Colane. They were purchased from Cox's Broombee stud. 300 fat cattle (Sherwin'a) from the Mole paseed Forbes for Melbourne on the 20th instant. A lot of fat cattle (Aaron's) from the Bogan are coming- up the river to marked The destination of York and Walsh's fat cattle has been ^changed from Melbourne to Sydney. Mr. R. G. Ooodisson (for Powers, Rutherford, and Co.) reports sale of 1800 store wethers, on account of Morris son Brothers, of Buggabuddah ; 1700 do, on account of living Brothers ; 500 fat sheep ; and has placed 150 store cattle under offer. The Brewarrina passings and movements are J. and J. Doyle's 3000 fat sheep for Sydney. Ill fat sheep from Collowaroy, in charge of owner (Mr. T. Williams, sen.) for Sydney. 40 head fat cattle Booka Booka, Marra Creek, for Bathurst. The following lots will be shortly despatched ; 700 0 fat sheep to Dubbo, to^ await orders. 500 head prime cattle (Colin M'Kenzie's) from Wangan for Melbourne. 400 head of splendid cattle (Lord and M'Nevin's) are to be started for Melbourne, in charge of George Taylor, a ; careful and experienced drover. Messrs. Holland and Prendergrast have purchased several lots of fat cattle on the Barwin for the Melbourne market. Messrs. Brunker and Sparke, of Maitland, report that good fattening properties, well situated, command attention, and can be placed at satisfactory prices. Advices from the interior report that agents of meat preserving companies (northwards) are in the locality of the Macintyre and Barwin, purchasing fat cattle freely at L5 5s per head, delivered on the stations. This adduces further proof of the loss sustained by proprietors of stofck in the settled and intermediate districts failing to avail themselves of the undoubted advantages to be derived from the formation of a meat preserving establishment in the locality of Maitland, The trade declined 'to purchase fat cattle, having sufficient on hand for present requirements. Their sales comprise : On account of^Mrs. Reynolds, 10 bullocks at I A lis ; and for Mr. Swain, 7 prime and weighty bullocks at L6 to L7 ; and (3 bullocks at L4 7s 6d per head. We have also sold on account Mr. J. M'Elhone (for Sydney) 160 head of fat bullocks at LG is per head. There is no difficulty in placing large drafts of well* bred cattle for delivery in the interior at full rates. Tho remarks with reference to fat cattle are applicable to Bales of sheep. Two hundred wethers from 'Weariss Creek, were sold at 7s 6d ; and a small lot of exceed ingly prime wethers, on account of K. W. Doyle, Esq., at 19s each. An increased demand is noted for a good class of wethers, they have inquiries for fully 20 000^; sold a small flock of co&rse-weolied; ewes at Ss each ; and 800 inferior old ewes (culls) at 3s 9d each. Young working bullocks, quiet and in good condition, realize from L8 to L1Q per pair. Wool : The late English news has had no material effect upon the market. At thiB week's sales late rates have been maintained. Hides : Best heavy are in request, and saleable at full rates. Tallow : Notwithstanding the advance noted in the London market, there is no improvement to note in value here ; L35 to L36 per ton are the highest prices obtainable, delivered in Sydney. , Messrs. Finlay and Co., of Goulburn, sold last week nine head fat bullocks at L5 0s. and ten head young steers taken for the paddock, although in very good con dition, at L4 9s. No sales of store cattle were reported. Good store bullocks are quoted at from L4 to L4 5s ; equal sexes over two, about L3 7b Cd ; good steers from L3 5s to L3 10s. Good fat wethers are reported to be worth from 6s Cd to 7s Cd. Inquiries are numerous for store sheep, but as many are Lame it is difficult to effect sales. Good sound sheep are very saleable, particularly wethers. Prices quoted, i5s to 5s Cd. Messrs. Elliot and Allan, of Young, report that good store sheep of fattening ages are much sought after, and large numbers of fattening wethers, at prices ranging from 5s to 5s Cd ; ewes, 3s Od to 4s Cd. One hundred nd sixty-six unoccupied ruus to let are advertised ir Government Gazette of New South Wales, at a rent of from L10 and upwards, and in quantity as high as CO, 000 acres. Many settlers in the Kivcrine districts are making efforts to burn the long grass for distances wound tlieir fences, so as to enable them to protect the fences from an uncontrollable fire ; but they find much difficulty in thus causing the destruction of the grass, in conse quence of the quantity of young herbage which has sprung up between the higher sort. The late rains will add to the difficulty of squatters in the efforts thus made to protect the runs from the effects of fire. The prevalent showery weather has benefited the graziers, renewing the supply of grass ; -while all the agriculturists have every cause to be grateful, fertile crops being visible throughout Manaro. The fruit season has signs of healthiness, and strawberries, cherries, and gooseberries of a large size and fine flavour have been easily obtainable. Peaches will be scarce, a late frost having nipped them. The Burrowa Advocate has been informed that an immense number of sheep have died in the district during the past ten days. From all sides losses are heard of, whioh many persons ascribe to the influence of the cold, bleak, rainy weather experienced since the termination of shearing operations. Asa matter of special importance to our graziers, we may mention that, according to the latest advices, the opiuion prevails in England that the war now devastat ing Europe will, no doubt, by rendering! food dear and scarce , give a gz eat stimulus to the sale of Australian meats. Very large quantities were coming forward, and all were likely to be absorbed by tbe continental Governments. With regard to Jones's patent for meat-preserving, it may be stated, that the difficulty experienced is this : — Each separate tin hits to be connected by a small tube with the vacum. chamber, and this when four or five thousand tins a day have to be manipulated, would cause serious embarrassment. The news of the failure of tho samples of meat sent out to Melbourne, pre served under Gatngee's process, caused eome concern in England, but he does not despair of ultimate success. There is a great scarcity of men in England1 who thoroughly understand meat- preserving, and it is noted that the Queensland Company have been advertising for one, and other companies find it very difficult to obtain such services. A large number of sheep, reports the Port Denison Times, have lately come into Leichhardt Downs from the Gulf, in charge of Mr. Myles. The number was 23,000, and the losses throughout from every cause have not exceeded li per cent., a smaller average than would obtain on many stations. Tbe sheep left Flora ville on the 29th of May last, and arrived at Leich hardt Downs on the 1st November, having been 15C days on the road. The route chosen by Mr. Myles was up the Clonourry for about 133 uuleB ; thence on to the Flinders eighteen miles ; thence up that river to its head 305. miles; thence down the Burdekin to the Leichhardt Downs station 229 miles ; in all about CS2 miles. Mr. Munro, who was in company with Mr. Myles, speakB in the very highest terms of the country over which he has travelled, describing it as the best that he has ever seen — fine rolling downs, with water every two or three miles. There can be little doubt that if the Government are judiciously liberal in the terms on which they offer this country it will all be re-occupied within two or three years, and will form a basis for the supply of an almost incalculable quantity of preserved meat, a staple of commerce which seems likely to attorn the pre- eminence amongst pastoral products hitherto accorded to wool. Messrs. Towns and Co. are now almost the only remaining pastoral tenants in what is commonly known as the Gulf country. They have given orders for the immediate withdrawal of all their cattle, but we are led to believe, on very good authority, that if the Queensland Government are sufficiently liberal, and sufficiently speedy in their liberality, these orders will be countermanded, and the otherwise inevitable retardation of the country for several years be avoided. The Government cansot well be too liberal It would pay better to grant leases for fourteen, or even twenty-one years, at a peppercorn rent, and with ample pre- emptive rights over improvements, than to allow the country to lie wholly idle. The Warwick Examiner says We have had two or three samples of this years' wheat left at our office, all of which are fine aud- plump in the grain, and are pronounced by the farmers to be as good as that of any previous crop. Some patches which have not been affected by the rust will give a very heavy return, and we are informed that ut Freestone Creek in one or two places the yield will be forty bushels to the acre ; but these are exceptional patches. We have heard of several places where the yield will be from twenty to twenty -five bushels to the acre, but these also are only small in extent, and cannot make up for the havoc which the rust has caused in this crop. Altogether we should suppose that there will be only half the quantity cropped that was sown. In connection with fanning operations, we may mention that the growing of oaten and lucerne hay has been gone into much more extensively this year than previously, and there are abundant crops. Tho Dalby Herald is sorry to learn that the grape crop has been destroyed in that neighbourhood. A few weeks ago the vines gave promise of a most abundant yield, but latterly a blight has appeared amongst them and caused a complete failure. The vines at Jimbour head-station, which are planted on a spur of the range, are stated to be in excellent condition, and loaded with fruit, but the peaches, though looking well and bending down the trees with their weight, are infested with grubs. The vines at Rosalie, also on the ranges, .ore a failure this season, oidium having got into the vine yard. This vineyard is one of the best in Queensland, and the yield has hitherto been excellent, with little or no appearance of blight. This year the loss from the oidium is estimated at 90 per cent. From a resume of the reports of sales at the Willow Tree Sale yards, Orange, by Mr* G. H. Woolley, it appears, that in that great agricultural district, superior draught horses . are always greatly in demand. The prices by Mr -Woelley's report range from £14 to £18 for prime draught; inferior, being £G to £10. The following hints, which seem to be given in a bona fide spirit, may prove useful to graziers : — It is a mistaken idea, says Mr. Woolley, cattle breeders push* ? ing their cattle through to Bathurst, thereby incurring ' extra expense and loss of time, when the market in j Orange, if not superior, is quite equal to that of Bathurst. I sold a small mob of cattle from the Lachlan a few days age, brought down by Mr. M'Donnell, and the prices realised surprised all present, and proved greatly to the satisfaction of the vendor. When our butchers or farmers want cattle of any kind they are compelled to go to Bathurst, at great expense and loss of time, and if they give £4 per head in Bathurst they could better afford to give £4 5s at their own door. And again, it would be a saving of 5s per head to the vendor, that being equal to £4 10s in Orange against £4 in Bathurst. Cattle invariably sell well in Orange, as there is always so great a demand. The Forbes Times reports that the Christmas holiday has interfered with business. The recorded stock items are as follows : — 30th December, 1000 head of store ^ cattle (Mr. Moor), from Camden passed down the river to the owner's station, near Booligal, reported inferior. A mob of prime bullocks (Mr. A Stoke's), from Gulgul to mix with another lot now on hand destined for the Melbourne market. A mob of 5000 sheep, at present near Forbes and travelling southwards, are reported good. Attention has been directed in the Macleay dis trict to the efficacy of soaking seed wheat in sea water for twenty-four hours previous to planting, as a preventive from m«t. It is said that the experiment succeeded on the Clarence. The Maitland Mercury speaks despondingly of the fruit season of If T - 71. It has been distinguished for an extraordinary p verty in the yield of fruit ; stone fruit has been poor in quality and deficient in quantity, and the same is to be said of all other descriptions, except perhaps, grapes, which seem a little backward. The failure of the crcp is evidently the effect of the Beason. There is anew garden —Mr. Compton's, on the Hunter, beyond Oakhampton — where the trees have i only been six years in the ground, And last year were loaded with fruit ; this year the peaches may be counted, and so with all the rest, except nectarines. The grapes only give promise of a good yield. Older gardens have fared no better, and consequently the writer expects that they will have to look to importa tions for the supplies ot fruit which are sought for at the beginning of the year. Oranges promise well. The Macleay Herald in noticing Mr. Verge's Sugar Mill states that tbe proprietor who somewhat varied the process of manufacture, is now succeeding admirably. He finds it profitable to boil juice which only marks six, and has already turned out more that ten tons this season. The other mills, at Gladstone and Fredickton are also turning out sugar in payable quantities. The Manning Kiver News is glad to hear that the Kimbiicki Mills are rapidly approaching completion, and that crushing operations will be commenced early in January. The people in that neighbourhood are very hopeful, and we sincerely trust their expectations will be fully realized ; the mill is certainly a splendid one, and no trouble or expense has been spared in adapting it to the requirements of neighbouring plan ters. From the other mills upon that part of the river, we have no precise information lately, but we believe both the proprietors have been turning out good samples of sugar in payable quantities. Mr. Poole has been somewhat more successful at Tinonee of late — some of the growers satisfied — but complaints are still very common that there is neither market nor means of manufacture for a great deal of cane which the growers consider worth crushing. For the last three weeks the weather at Blayney has been as fine as could be desired for the saving of hay j crops, and the shearing. But on the 18th instant, - there was a refreshing thunder shower, and appearances indicated nearness of rain. Shearing is being nearly concluded, and wool growers estimate that the clip will fully average three pounds around of wool, got up in excellent condition. 