STOCK REPORT. ADVBltTiHKR Office, Fiid.\yEvein«K. The vxather during the week has continued Jine, and there is now every hope of a dry winter. The country was never in better grazing condition for the time of year, the , yrass being everywhere most luxuriant. It , is getting, ltowever, rather dry, and appre hension* arc again being felt of serious bush-fire.*. • A large one wax burning on the ranges, apparently on the Gobbagurnbalin run, in the early part of-the week-, but we have not heard particular* of the damage done. In fat stock there is not much local business reported. The glutted condition of the Melbourne market for both sheep and cattle discourages transactions, except at reduced rates; Messrs. Forsyth and Co. report (he sale of 32G fat wethers at full rates. For store cattle and sheep the demand con tinues brisk, and top rates can be. realised for good store stock, almost in any quantity. The favourable news from the wool-market and the generally hopeful aspect of pastjral affairs has caused an increasing demand for station properly. Messrs. Ilely'Bros., of Grenfell, report the sale of Weogo station for Mr J. Kennedy, with 900 head of cattle, for Messrs. Allan and Paleman, at a satisfactory price. The Dubbo stock items, are as follows:—300 head of fat cattle ( Whittaker's), from the Moonie, are coming up the Marthaguy en route for Melbourne; iiOO stores fin charge of Mr. ilollj are coming up the Macquarie; 130,000 sheep are said to be near Walget, bound towards Dubbo ; *1000 sheep are moving along the Macquarie ; 1*200 fat wethers (Oaken') front Mullah, were at Dubbo lo-day going to Sydney ; 12S fat cattle (IF. Kite's), from the Bogan, passed to-day for Bathurst; 105 head oj fat cattle (Skuthorpe's, purchased by Moles worth ) arc about Cobbora, en route to the Lachlan ; about 250 stores (Cobb and Co.'sJ, bought at N'ew England, passed Denison Town on Monday for Bitckinguy; 1100 mixed sexes (Pearson Bros.) for the Clarence, are close to Dubbo, and for sale (Powers, Rutherford, and Co., agents); 570 fat cattle (Christian's), from JFui hallow, will pass to- morrow for Melbourne ; 2500 store cattle (Lucas'), from the Clarence,-are near Denison, bound for Victoria; Mr. Ilungerford, of the Goul burn, has bought 1000 store cattle—500 cows and 500 bullocks—from Mr. Bloxsome, Ranger's Valley, New England. The Sreewarrina items are:—500 head of fat cattle passed on the Ath for Melbourne; they were purchased from Mr. C. McKeiizie, of Watigan, by York and Dempsey, and are in charge of the latter; they are well spoken of, and consist of 400 bullocks and 100 speyed cows ; 2000 fat sheep (Kales'), from Bookirah station, have started for Maitland or Sydney. The Bogan passings are:—2500 store sheep (Mrs.^ Martell's) from Wellington; 100fatcatlle(Pendra\fs, bought by ]V. Dargin) for Bathurst 5 pure-bred Lee bulls (purchased by Mr. Phillips, of Woollambdlong, from Mr. Gilmore); 1700 fat ewes (bought by \V. Dargin from Messrs. Strahorn) for Bathurst; 1.30 fat cattle (Gilmore's) for Bathurst; 125 fal cattle (Martell's) for Bathurst; 1300 fat sheep ( Towns') from the Darling for Melbourne; 10,000 fat sheep from the north, in charge of Strachan, for Victoria; 150 fat cattle, very prime (boughtby 11r. C. McPhillamy from Messrs. Strahorn) will start for Melbourne in a few days; 350fat cattle are about to leave Fort Bourke (O'Shanassy's) for Melbourne—the lot are described as extra prime; 1300 store cattle have been delivered at Booroma, from Queensland; 12,000.store sheep have reached the Deria Company's stations from Mowri, Queensland. Our Walgett corre spondent reports:—A mob of 1500 store cattle have just passed through here, en route to Dubbo ; they are in charge of W. N'ott, and from the Burnett, Queensland/ .and aged from 2 to 0 years. They are a splendid lot of cattle, and have been highly praised by all who have seen them; they are for sale. They are in good condition, and reflect much credit on their driver. The Forbes stock items and local movements are as follows:—300 speyed cows have been sold to Mr. J. Strickland^ Bundaburra, for ca*h, by Messta. R. Dowling and Co., as agents for Mr; Murphy, of Dubbo ; GOO mixed cattle have also been sold by the same agents for Mr. W.P. Street, of Condobolin, to Mr. McNkhol. Mr. A. Stokes has sold 100 cows, purchased from Mr. Marsden, Bland, to Mr. Gibson, also of Bland; 295 jat cattle (S. Martin's), in charge of Mr. Geo. Kennedy, crossed.at Wowingragong yesterday. They are yearly all bullocks, and a very prime lot, although some are rather young to send to market; they are bound for Melbourne. 