AGRICULTURAL REPORTS. VICTORIA. [From the Argtis, January 30.] It is now tolerably clear that South Australia will this season be the only colony of the Aus tralian group that will have any wheat to spare, and it seems equally certain that its surplus available for export will be tbe largest it has yet had to deal with. The Victorian harvest is nearly secured; but as the Work has progressed it has beeome more and more apparent that the yield will be very deficient. Daring thepast month the reports froffi the country have in no instance improved ; indeed,- the estimates Dasea on an inspection of the growing erops have proved fallacious when tested by the threshing machine, the diminution having ranged from two-thirds to one-half of the estimated yield. This serious falling off has been occasioned by an attack of rust so severe and so early in many cases as to have induced attempts to utilise the crops by converting them into hay. It is obvious, however, that if the whole or even any large proportion of the wheat crops had been thus turned to account, the growers would have found themselves burdened with', unsaleable produce, as, excepting in towns and cities, no demand exists for hay, and rusted hay is at all times difficult to place. Owing to the fact above indicated, fio reliable average of yield can at present be given ; but reports in which we can place credence state that the range will be from 4 to 30 bushels per acre, the majority of crops being under 12, the highest! figure being met with only in rare cases and in limited breadths. This serious visitation has been anticipated ever since the unusually wet seasons of winter and spring. The occurrence of fine dry weather at intervals served to check the progress of the rust, and to justify occasionally favorable reports, hut in the end the parasite has prevailed. The last great visitation oc curred five years ago ; it was followed by a lighter attack the succeeding year. The ex perience gained on those two occasions has not elicited any practical method of preventing these attacks ; there has been a great deal of theorising, but no useful results. Of the oat crops, our report must be nearly as unfavor able as of the wheats ; for though the rust has not affected them so much, not, indeed, to any appreciable extent and that only in certain localities, they suffered even more than the wheats from the heavy rainfall in the spring. The crops are consequently thin, light, and smothered with weeds ; the yield under such conditions could not be otherwise than low. Exceptionally good crops, of small area, are met with even in the worst seasons, and the present one supplies a few examples. Reports of the potato crop in the soath-western dis tricts, whence our chief supplies are derived, have become much more favorable of late. The country is covered with grass to a greater depth than ever knovm ; the danger from bush-fires has correspondingly increased, but though a few have been started in Riverina as we 1 as in this colony, thty have fortunately been mas tered before they attained ft serious magnitude; the danger, however, will not be past for another six or eight weeks. 