The very rapid decrease of native timber throughout the colony, and especially near the large centres of population, is becom ing a general cause of alarm, and apparently not "without reason. The reckless waste of cue past iew years is snewiug its enecc in many districts, and the cry has: been ear nestly raised for some efficient measures, not only to preserve existing supplies, but also to increase them in any manner that may be ?fouhd most practicable. The residents in Hhis district, where timber for all purposes is comparatively plentiful, perhaps have but little knowledge of the serious aspect worn by the suhject in other parts of the colony ; and yet, if.-' energetic action is not shortly taken to suppress- the, present waste and to preserve; the. young trees, we may be in a. similar straight before many more years are over. The supply within carting distance of Melbourne, it is said, will not last more than from three to five years ; and strange as it may appear, most of the other large towns are very nearly as badly situated ; in the towns on the western ooast, especially, all the timber for building purposes has to be brought from Tasmania. The members of the Royal Commission on Foreign Indus tries and Forests have made the matter a prominent subject of deliberation; much valuable information and some useful . hints are given in their Report and the appendices' attached thereto. The following extracts from the Report speak for themselves : — "Some timo has been devoted to ascer-, taining the wants of different parts of the, country in regard to timber, more particu larly those including the principal goldfields, ' and the supply within a convenient distance is failing so rapidly, that the question as to how this can be maintained is becoming: daily more momentous." " The urgency of the appeals for a more strict preservation of our native forests proyes with how much alarm .the,, residents in many districts now view the rapid de crease in their valuable supplies of timber. .The quantity consumed as fuel by the steam-ongines on the goldfields. is becoming, very large, and in every winter obtained with greater difficulty, and, of course, . at increased oxpen'se. Thousands' of miners are now depending for their bread on .the. working of these engines, and it has already/ happened that, during an unusually wot winter, several could not be supplied with fuel a rate low enough to allow of work being continued. The stopping of the engine is of course followed by a reduced demand for labour, so that full employment for the miners, as well- as the maintenance of the yield of gold, has become, intimately involved with the 'forest "question." Then the timber supports — technically, the props '—which are required in deep sinking, have to be carted a long distance already in many thickly populated/ districts, and are 4 becom ing so scarce in others that the supply must soon cease unless measures bo .taken to pro tect the young saplings.", : ' tr ! i In an8W0r to inquiries instituted- by the Commission, numerous remedies have been suggested for the alleviation of the evil, the most practical of which are the following : —1. The planting of forest reserves in suit able situations. 2. The appointment of an Inspector General of Forests, with a staff -of competent men under him ' to advise or act with local boards ; and that it be felony to cut a living tree until it has been marked or sold by;the proper officer., 3. The pre vention of bush-fires by the removal of "limbs, bark, leaves, etc. 4. The preserva tion ,o£.;' saplings, judiciously thinning the young shoots and Beedlings where they are growing too 'thickly.- 5. The extermination of all wild or. half- wild goats. We think if these measures, are adopted and stringently. carried into effect, that most of the difficulty at present surrounding the forest question will be overcome. The abuses of the .last few .years, if we are/to have any; firowoochor useful timber at all in- the future, must cer tainly be discontinued. , There has never been sufficient control' or watchfulness exer- cised by officers under, the existing. laws, and the consequent wholesale destruction of timber is well'- known to every dweller up- country. Tho:- Report has a few remarks on this.. subject which are well worth quot ing' — " The granting of licenses to cut frees indiscriminately,, and to ; use only , one length or two of the trunk, is protested against as a piece of needless and wasteful extravagance, except in- the very large forests away from the settled districts. The heads of, such trees left scattered about to dry are also the cause- of- forest fires being far more fierce , and destructive than they . otherwise would- be. It is therefore deemed highly necessary that, wherever firewood is required, the per sons, falling -each tree should be obliged to cut up rand remove the head within a limited time. ; The present orders to that effect -are seldom or never obeyed,. Where firewood is/becoming scarco, it is-proposed that the cutting down of living trees for this purpose should be absolutely forbidden so long as tliero is any dead timber unused on the ground.. :. The processes of- ringing - and stripping off sheets of bark are so unprofit-- ably , destructive of valuable timber, -it is considered that, for the future, both should -be entirely forbidden on all Grown lands. Even: in some of the large forests, straight free-splitting barrels are becoming scarce, and the sawyers have, to go a long way in for logs, because the best trees are those off which the bark ismost' easily stripped, (and so many, have been thus spoiled. Some glaring instances are given of the cutting of enormous quantities of saplings for fences, and that where props are urgently needed by the miners. = A very- few y ears of growth would convert these saplings into valuable props, whereas they make. poor fences.. It. is therefore considered that this use of young; timber should be entirely put a stop"to>also. It is alleged that in those districts in whicli timber is becoming scarce, the forests will far more than pay for their maintenance and increase, if treated as they are in most parts of Germany and Switzerland, where each town or village has a forest or part of a forest for the use and benefit of- its inha- bitants.u Pending the introduction/ of a\ measure dealing with the question, we hope to see increased vigilance ,on the part of the Grown "Lands Rangers and more carefulness exhi bited by the inhabitants, generally, as in this matter depends not only our future comfort but also our prosperity and the continuance of our children in the land of their nativity. In consequence of our extended extracts from the report of the Board of Education we defer the ' continuation of the report of the Royal Commission on Foreign Industries, &c.; , We have, on more than one occasion, noticed that robberies from dwelling houses have become more frequent than formerly in the neighborhood of Avoca, and when we attributed the perpetration 4of them to the sly, crafty and noiseless Chinamen who have no " lawful visible means of support" , we were not far from the mark. A few evenings since, Mr Glover, who keeps the hotel on the Maryborough road, had stolen from his premises a a side of bacon, half a sheep, and other substantial things, but nothing ! was traced to any midnight marauder. Other household goods were mysteri ously missing from Percydale, Kimberley, and other places where Chinamen most do congregate, and our Avoca police put themselves on the alert to capture the thieves. Accordingly, from some intelligence not perhaps exactly iutuitive, Messrs Shanklin and Skerritt, of the Avoca force, took up a hew station in the bush near the Maryborough Road, on the night of Wednesday last, and - thei r patience in waiting until past three o'clock on Thursday morning resulted in the capture of a Mongolian who was plodding stealthily along in the direction of Maryborough, with a pretty heavy bag at his back. The sudden " presentation of a pistol close to his nose in the clear moonlight : caused the rascal to drop his load, which was found to contain some ten or a dozen pounds of tobacco in cakes evidently but lately forming part of a case. The fellow has been remanded, and will be brought up at the "Police Goiirt ' on" 'Wednesday ! nfext, Avhen doubtless the proper owner will appear, as the .quantity is too great not to be missed, but it is more than probable that he will be remanded to Majorca where the same man is " wanted" for stealing a cash box and money. : : i J - : : j : Those who are interested in the mental progressive improvement of Avoca— and again we ask,- who is not ?— are reminded that ' the commencement of the real business of the projected Mechanic's Institute will be made on Wednesday evening next at the Shire Hall. Mr Cooke will deliver a lecture on " Superstitions" on the same evening, by way of introduction, which will be to some -extent illus trated. Although the admission will be free, we trust some means will be adopted to check the noise- generally- made by j uveniles at the back of the " II all. on such occasions, and which has become to be regarded as a thorough nuisance and nothing less. It is, we believe,, proposed to: elect a new committee in the room of those who, we understand, will formally; tender their resignation. ... .. , We remind our readers, that the Local Land Board appointed- to consi der applicatibhs under the Land Act will eit in the Court House this -morn ing at ten o'clock. ,vThe lisLisan unusually long one; there being nearly seventy cases . for investiga tion, and both applicants and:objectors>must attend in person- or - by deputy' supplied with sufficient authority: Our Redbank correspondent writes: — "We of Redbank are glad to notice the great improvement of the road between this township and Hind's and" towards the junction, which has been effected by cutting several deep drains, but regret to observe the great waste of public money in filling up so many dangerous ruts with only surface earth, as this practice has been proved to be most dangerous, expensive, and in fact useless. About two years since the St Arnaud road was patched up in the same way, aud it was found necessary to thoroughly repair all ruts by filling them up with a foundation of rough stones and top-dressing; It is to be hoped that the Shire Council will instruct the Engineer to remedy this evil at once." The members of the Avoca Brass Band have to be .congratulated upon the marked improvement which is the invariable result of steady and perse vering efforts. They have built for themselves an excellent practising room on the ground across the river, and from the excellent regulations adopted we have reason to believe -that the festivals of the future will be abundantly supplied with that most pleasing of all features— good music. Mr .Bowman addressed the electors of Marybo rough on Thursday evenifig 'at;Uhe Golden Age Hotel. The meeting,>\yhich was/a'large one, was: presidedovefrYj b'yi Mr Casey, Ma'ybfqii; gave Mir Bowman a most enthusiastic reception/ After a speech .of.,, about,, an hour and a r, half's < duration, during . which the candidate received the attention of all present, an almost unanimous .vote of; confidence in Mr/Bowman: was carried." Three deafenitig cheers for : the late Minister of' Lands, M| J . M, Grant, concluded the meeting. "Accidents will happen. in the best regulated; families" is an oft applied proverb, and since the days of the " Arabian Nights? we find some curious things turn up, or down, on , this side of the globe, Yesterday, for instance, our townsman Mr A. Kiehl, butcher of High street, was driving in a cart across the road intersecting High street, near .the Union Hotel, when, some: part of the harness gave way ;and , the shafts flew up, , and down went the body of the cart/Mr Kielil rolling out behind/ happily ; unhurt; while the horse, a young one/ stood quietly by, '.evidently puzzled as to what was- the matter. However, all was speedily put riglit,. but some couple of hours afterwards 'Mr Iviehl missed a ring from his finger, LoT colonTa! gold," which had been given him 'by',a friend long ago as a keepsake, and he 'directly thought' of \be " spill," and. in. the midst of a pouring rain he went to the scene of the upset; and after a few minutes looking about, lo 1 there was the ring -in-the sand, at the edge of the "running' water' 'in -the road. ' The -escape from injury was lucky, but the recovery of the ring put the seal upon thedouble event. r . Our Redbank correspondent writes : A tea- meeting, for the purpose of clearing off the debt on the Independent Church lately built ftl.Red&anlf; was held-at that townshipon -T-uesdajreverring-last/ and proved; a/greak success; Jv'BieltaferesSvrero vided by>Mes"dames!;>B&ajhrG;$ftlh, ajid sundry well-to-do bachelOrT(who.carae forward on | this -ticSiornri .ih2Kst;;lrberaT maftner)\ and wereJmffN, fhwiislieti'with an abundance of eood things, r-as weir as being arranged with 4he most correct taste, t for i which the Redbank ladies are j ustly celebrated.; As the new building was found to be totally inadequate to hold the large audience assembled, it was found necessary to adjourn to the schoolroom, where the", Rev B, S. Bird was voted to the chair. Instructive and entertaining addresses, suitable on such occasions, were delivered by the Revs. R. Brown, J, J, Hally, J. .Masters, A.M, and R. M. Whitton. The recipts were highly satisfactory, taking into account the incle mency of the weather, amounting to upwards of £16, leaving a balance due on the Church — taking into account subscriptions already received — of about £20. The building was erected hv Mr Thomas, of Redbank, at the cost of £80, the workmanship having given every satisfaction to the Church committee. A well merited compliment having been paid by the chairman to the energetic superintendent of the Sabbath-school In connec tion with the denomination, Mr Drake and other valuable teachers engaged in the good work, the large assembly then separated. We understand that a pigeon-shooting match for a silver goblet will shortly come off, at Avoca. The list of competitors is nearly filled and. some of the Maryborough shots may be expected to com plete t. .' 'y'' _ The convicts -Normals and Lester, under sentence for the murders of Bridger and Walker; at Parra- matta, in March last, were executed at Darlinghurst Gaol on Tuesday morning, and both met their fate composedly. After engaging in prayer Nicholls made a short speech, admitting the justice of the sentence/and hoped that their fate would act as a warning to others. Lester then said that he suffered justly for the crirae'of which he had been convicted. Lester's death was instantaneous; but Nicholi's neck was not broken by the fall, and strong muscular action was visible for nearly ten minutes. T here were present the largest number of spectators ever admitted to witness a private/ execution here Nicholls confessed to the chaplain that Lester's former confession, which the police authorities con sidered -false/ was correct, except in sortie trifling details. -Nicholls shot both victims, Walker only slightly in the cheek, and finished the murder with a neddy. A further telegram, dated on Wednes day, says : — " The police received information last night that the Government undertaker's man had conveyed the bodies of Lester and Nicholls to a public house in the suburbs for exhibition; Upon proceeding to the house in question they found the coffins opened, and a number of spectators . present. The remains were at once conveyed to the Haslem Creek Cemetery." " The escaped prisoner Andrew George Scott, alias Captain Moonlite, arrived in Ballarat by the after- ' noon train on Thursday. The excitement to catch a glimpse of the now notorious rascal was intense, and between 500 and 600 people congregated at the station. A police cart was in waiting, with a body of Constables under Inspector Ryall/ and on leav ing the train Scott was placed in the vehicle amidst a confused press of the crowd to look at him, and driven off to the gaol. - ? v / | // A The 'Daily lelegrgpji " Town hall organ pealed forth little pyqrjure cyes|ejday morning, when thediydraulic power Wlnth" pf6%ldes the wind was applied for the -first' time,' and the opportunity/was taken 4q!jmikea(tpAhof e'instrus( raent, ,;;QnjV thirteen stops. wae yaffabte,>(and ,no.: more tfiiaffteh'th'aftr liF the power ofAife organ was brought to bear. Nevertheless/a grand volume of sound was produced, the tone being splendid. An example wtis afforded of the marvellous tran- 'tions of which the organ will be capable, dropping in stantaneously from a blast which will make the hall tremble to a gentle breathing or music like the sigh of ah. iEoIiau harp.. Truly our citizens, have a niagnifi cant treat in store; ./;///;;/:/ j A; meeting of the 'Executive Council/ held on Wednesday, the Hon. J. J, Casey, Minister of Lands, was appointed Minister of Agriculture. The Executive dealt with" the case .of Jackson, against whona sentence of death was , recorded 'for ' rape committed at Footscray, The seut'ence has been commuted to twenty years' imprisonment, ;the first three years in irons. The Sydney papers mention that a dreadful ca lamity has befallen a Mr Moore, resident near Inver- nell, whilst engaged in carrying machinery from Murruruiuli to that place, for the Sydney Tin Mine. It appears that Moore was driving a dray loaded with no less than five tons of machinery, when the top of a chimney which formed part of the loading struck against the limb of a tree. The limb fell, and struck Moore on the head, inflicting a dreadful wound, and bearing the poor fellow to the ground. Dreadful to relate, one of the wheels then passed over his leg, smashing it from a little below the knee downwards to atoms. The other wheel at the same moment passed over and crushed the foot of the other leg. The poor fellow's cries were agonising to,hear. It seems that the horses being startled by the sound of the breaking limb, swerved aside at the moment More fell ; this in all probability, saved the poor fellow from being killed outright, 