STOCK REPORT. Express Office, Friday, Feb. 2, 1872. The weather during the past week has been very showery and unsettled, heavy, but partial thun der-storms having been of very frequent occurrence, which have had the effect of perfectly deluging some portions of the district with water, whilst others have only been moistened with moderate showers. Tbe heat in spite oi tbe aggregate Heavi ness of the rainfall still continues most oppressive, and from the general closeness and mugginesB of the atmosphere a further downpour is evidently impending. The rains have fortunately completely extinguished the bush-fires, which, during the past month, have raged with such destructive effect over so many parts of the district. On the Merool country, on six runs alone, fencing to the value of ovei £7000 has been destroyed, and npon tbe back country of the lower river, and between this dis trict and the Lachlan the destruction of pastoral property and improvements has been equally neavv. The rains have, however, caused a most luxuriant spring of young feed on the recently burnt country, and though the stock in some instances have been obliged to travel for sustenance the scarcity of feed willbebutof short duration, and in the end the runs that have suffered most will in the improvement of their pastures be the greatest gainers. In Monaro some seasonable rains have fallen, and the country is looking beautifully green, but though sheep as a rule are doing well, pleuro pnuemoma is playing sad havoc amongst the cattle, and the losses from this disease on some runs will prove very serious indeed. . From Queensland we hear of a jnost seasonable and much needed spring in the grass, where but a short time since all was barren and desolate. The coilntry is brilliantly green, and the grass in all quarters is springing np luxuriantly. From, our Vfalmtt correspon dent we learn that the Warrego, Blyth, and the Gwydir rivers have all been flooded, and the Balonne, Moonie, and Barwon have also risen very considerably. Grass is abundant, and travelling with stock again becoming generally practicable. On the Darling the ninMI Das been very heavy, and the oountry is looking beautifully green. On the Maoqnarie a good deal of nun has also fallen, ana stock generally are all in excellent condition. On the t about Forbes, as we learn from the. Times, there has been a tremendous downfall of rain, and all danger from -bush fires has ceased;* In the looal market fat cattle are fairly enquired for, and any good lots coming fMird would meet a ready sib at fair quotations, say from £5 IBs to £6 10s for best' bullocks, and other rlsnts in proportion. Fit sheep are (net, and, exnwpting for local consamp tkn, no transactions are reputed. Best wethers are worth about 8s. 8tore cattle, if of good quality, oontiims in brisk demand, sod. are worth tor bwt bullocks from £4 to £S per held, Mr. O. A. IBliot reports the sale for Mr. John Dnftaslly, of Beram bola, «f 300 very dijm bollocks at top rates. Store sheep of all cUjjses areln brisk ***«?» at Ugh rates. , Messrs, Wtttfesoo, *Hinn2 ^sOtd Oa 3000 voting «tves haty gone to Conapaira, Mr. Lewiss 10,000 ewes add wethers have cone on . to Messrs; Baker Bros.' country at Mummedool, 19,000 sheep from Bynyah have started for the mountains, Mr. Crawford's 10,000 mixed sheep have left Bolaro for the Lachlan, and 2000 head of cattle have taken the read from Barellan. All the latter movements are induoed by the recent fires. In Sydney fat cattle have been a little easier, but best sheep command top rates. In Melbourne fat cattle have advanced 10s per head, and best quality sheep Is. In Msitland best bullocks are worth from £6 to £0 10s, and prime wethers from 9s to 10s. InGoulburn Messrs. Finlay and Co. quote prime weighty bullocks wolrth from £5 16s to £6 10b, and best heavy weight wethers 8s. Doyle's 3000 fat sheep, in charge of Andrew Doyle, have passed Walgett, en route for the southern markets. The only movements of which we (Central Aus tralia) have received intelligence oome from Hoodsville, whioh are ob follows : On the 4th inst., Costelloe's 120 head fat cattle from the Wilson, passed for Southern markets, and on the 6th 60 horses (Durack's) also from the Wilson, for the same destination. We hear that 9,000 sheep pasBed Scrivener's, Paroo Inn, going up to stock the Turapalcha run (G. F. Suttor's), and that a lot more sbeep were about to leave the Darling to stock the adjoining run Woroyerah (Brown and Smith's.) The Dubbo district stock items are as follows : 900 store cattle (Towns & (Jo's) are com ing this way, going South for sale (P. R. & Co., agents) ; 7000 sheep (Gilohrist, Watt, and Co.'s) are on tbe Bogan going to Wagga Wagga (P. R. & Co., agents ; 590 store cattle (Readett and Simp son's) are at band (P. R. & Co., agents) ; 886 stud ewes (G. H. Cox's), and 986 stud ewes (F. and A. Cox's) passed Dubbo from Mudeee on Saturday, going to Ellengerah ; 20,000 sheep (Forlonge's), wool on, from Queensland, are en route for Jondra, where they will be shorn ; 17,000 sheep from northern Queensland are going to Allison's Lower Castlereagh stations ; 2.000 fat sheep (Doyle's) hot.n Ut lluiiiinliii fni- SnJti.n . K SUM .kun have been purchased bp Mr. A. H. M'Cullocb, Colane station, from the Obley station ; 1200 fat sheep (W. H. Clement's) have left Cadildray, Bogad River, for Sydney ; Messrs. W. and T. Richardson, of Murrawombie, have just completed delivery of about 3,000 fat sheep to Messrs. York and Walsh of Sydney. There are no stock move ments to report from Forbes. Dill aud Go.'s 3,000 sbeep, and M'Evoy's 9,000 sheep, have crossed at Demliquin. 