GUNDAROO. (From osr orrepondl.) JANAI?Y 20.-.Gundaroo is considered rather a elow placeo, and I am afraid you will be inclined to regard your correspondent as one of the slowest persons in it. I confess a dulpablo tardiness in communicating with you. I am almost too late to wish the compliments of the season. I could find some exouseso; but will not bring them forward-just plead guilty and await the decision of the court. We have passed through some changes since I last wrote to you. Our harvest is nearly over, and the crops are for the most part healthy and abundant. There is some rust in the late wheat; but not osuffi cient to affect tbo yield materially. Our gardens are looking wollt-I might almost say oven toluxuri ance. I saw some apple-trees the other day literally crowded with fruit. So far ovory thing is bright andpromising. Butthoheat--O! the heat I Per haps we should say little of that, for I sos that last week in Wagga Wagga theb thermometor astood at 110 degrees in the shade. We have not as yoet roeached higher than 98 degrees, and 904 degrees or 95 degrees bus boon the reading for some days suo cesslively. Well, this is quite hot enough; and then we had bush-fires burning all round us. Hero again we are mors fortunate than some of our followm colonists, for, beyond a little fencing, I hear of no serious mischief. There was, of course, an im muense amount of work by day and by night; but this work was, we are happy to say, sufficient to keep the dread misohef somowhat under control and provented utter desolaiion; and on Thursday we had a most favourablo and soeasonable rain. The heat however has returned, and, asSydnoy Smith was wont to say, "summer iavistitig us with its usual severity." Is there any truth in the theory that the extreme hoeat of the sun will of itself not the grass on fire P Of courso under certain conditions, such as a broeon bottle noting as a burning-glass (this, I am told, has actually boon witnoessod), or the friction of dry branchos. Such an explanation is just possible; but that does not the less enforce the neoosoity of coarn on the part of all who are travelling in the bush. Matohes are a very useful and handy invention; but I fear they have done a very great amount of mis chief- not that the poor matches are to be blamed, but the careless people who really ought not to be trusted with them deservo all our ceansure. As to any misereant who would wilfully eat firo' to the grass, we have neither time nor inclination to waste a word on him. Our little township is rather lively by roneason of the regular use of the marked-troe line. It is now no. unusual thing to see two or three wool-toams passing through. One day we had a canvalcade of no less than ten teamo heavily loaded with variousa mor chandise. I believe (at least so the Journal of Education states) that the provilsonal school is to be merged with that at Sutton on the half-time system. Tlg publio school in the township opened on the l'-7 instant. Bush- fires, the gathering in of tho.hh, vest, and other causes, have made the attondanu rather meagre; but before long there is expected to be rather an addition to the numbers. At any rate thoere ought to be, for there are plenty in Gondaroo to supply both schools with a very fair average attendance. I believe our youngsters intend to have a cricket match among themselves on Anniversary-Day. If it comes oft I will certainly be thereo, and will not fail to send you full particulars. . Since I began, I regret to say bnsh-fires.have sprung up in two or three directions. 22nd.--I hear that three teams are travelling the markhad-troo line, and are expected in town to-day. They are bringing upwards of twenty-twoltons of loading. An accident which might have booeenattended with very sorious conCsequences occurred last night at the Presbyterian churbch. The lamps had boon lit for evening seorvice, whoan the chandelier, containing four burners, suddenly foll.. When weo consider the consequences that might have resulted had any one boon under the chandelier or had the lighted lamps burst or ignited the wood-worlk, we muost acknow ledgeo'that although it is an untoward accident, it.is almost a miraculous and certainly a proivdotial escape. Only ono.of the chimnoyr was broken. 