TERRIFIC GALE IN NEW ZEALAND. New Zealand, which is so frequently the victim of "elemental rage," and subterranean disturbances, has just been subjected to one of the severest gales that have ever been ex- perienced there. On Saturday, the 23rd of December, -there was scarcely a breath of wind at 2 a.m. Soon after there was a' slight' breeze from the S.W., and in the course of an hour it had increased to a gale, whioh, with occasional lulls, continued till early on Sunday morning, when it somewhat abated. It is stated that no such gale has taken plaoo in New Zealaud since tho day, several years ago, rendered doubly memorable by its presence, and the arrival of the All England Eleven. The gale was experienced with groat violence at Dunedin, Port' Chaj- mers, on the Peninsula, at East Taieri, Laurence, Invercargill and the Bluff. Roofs were blown from houses, signboards de molished, trees uprooted, and many others denuded of large branches and of leaves, tho young fruit in gardens was strewn thickly over the ground, and plants wore broken or levelled. The turret ' and pinnacles on tho north- western corner of the tower of the now First Church, Dunedin, were blown from a height of 90tt from the ground. Fortunately all the workmen engaged upon the building left off work at 10 o clook. being unable to stand ou the scaffolding, except Mr. Godfrey, a sculptor, who, however, escaped uninjured. Itis said thatthefalling msss made a voyage of about 15ft round a corner before coming to the ground, whioh it did with a .great crash. Tho highest point at whioh this mass of stone stood above tho ground was 115ft. The ladder upon which Mr. Godfrey had aBcended the building was literally smashed into chips, and some pretty largo -blocks of Oamaru stone went bounding over a quantity of ashlar, on level ground.- to a distance of 50ft or GOft beyond tho base of. tho tower. ' -In the -upper harbor " of tho bay the Naval Brigade -pinnace, dragged her moorings, and drifted in -near a sandy beach close to . Black Jack's Point. A.dingy drifted on to the beach,. close to the same spot. Mr. Green's yacht Frolio, filled with water, and sank. ,A large quan tity of timber floated down the Bay. . Bush- fires took place at Sawyer's Bay,. 'and. did much damage. A bush-fire,, a mile in length, also took place on t.he Peninsula, with discs-, trous rcsultB. The belfry of the Presbyterian Church at Invercnrgill 'was destroyed, and railway lines and embankments at various places were greatly, injured. . . 