; » DUBBO STOCK REPORT, Thursday, January 4. The weather here since Friday last has been very changeable. On Saturday it was very" warm. On Sunday the air was close and op- - pressive in the morning, and in the afternoon thick clouds banked up, and there seemed every probability of a fall of rain. About 3 or 4 o'clock a shower or two fell, but beyond allaying the dust it did'nt do much good. It was re markably partial, for while it fell in the town ship it did not reach places half a mile distant, Monday (New Year's Day) was certainly one of the hottest days of the season. The sun blazed down as it only knows bow to do in our climate, and, to make things more disagreeable, not a puff of wind blew. On Tuesday forenoon ther sky was as clear as possible, but about 1 o'clock a sudden change took place. The air became charged with electricity, and dark lowering cl5uds appeared on the horizon. The wind blew " with the velocity of a hurricane, and clouds of dust rose in all directions. Thunder rolled and lightning flashed, until, after about an hour of this delightful weather, heavy rain commenced/ to fall, and continued for about half an hour. While it kept on the rain was very severe, and soon the streets were covered with water. Yes- - terday was a very genial day. The sun was- pretty warm, but a nice bracing breeze blew, which rendered the weather very pleasant. The ' country around here has suffered a good deal from bush-fires. There is much grass and - fencing burnt, but a little rain will soon supply the place of the former. Stock are looking well. Sheep are now nearly all ' clear of the foot-rot, - and the dry weather seems to have had a benefi cial effect as regards the worm disease. The flocks worst affected are rapidly getting afound .again. From the Macquarie we learn that busbr iires arc prevalent iu all directions, doing any amount of damage to feed and fencing. Nearly all the enclosed runs have had more or 'less- fencing destroyed. In some cases the losses - sustained by station proprietors have been very lieavy. We regret to complain that the great majority of these fires are the result of careless- - ncss on the part of travellers who leave camp- 7 lires unextinguished. On the Rogan the fireS- are calling up all the activity of owners to keep- them under. We leani that seven miles of fencing on the Oaks (MThillamy's), have been burnt, and that the feed 011 the greater part of the run has been swept away. At Wagga the - weather during the past week has been unbear- ably hot and close, and from all quarters we' have reports of extensive losses caused by bush- - fires. One-third of the Marar run has been burnt off, and eleven miles of fencing destroyed, the sheep, owing to the luxuriance of grass, being with difficulty saved. On Junee, North Junee, Coolamin Holes, Benerembah, Groongal, North Yanco, and many other runs, fencing to a greater or lesser, extent has also been destroyed, and great quantities of feed have been cleared off. Owing to the general abundance of the latter, however, the loss in this respect will cause but little inconvenience, though the fencing destroyed will take a good deal of capital to replace. Stock generally are in excellent Condition. At Forbes there is the same tale told of the prevalence of bush-fires. On the Humbug the countiy is all on fire, and the runs of Messrs. Miller, Stone, Jones, Suttor, Martin, and others have suffered severely, and in several instances a good deal of valuable fencing has been destroyed. In Monaro the weather on the low lands has been close and warm, though on the mountains several snow-storms have oc curred. Feed is abundant, and stock as a rule look healthy and well. Shearing is nearly over, and the clip on the whole has been rather light, but on the other hand has been got up excep tionally well. At Deniliquin, the weather has " been remarkably hot, the glass registering one day 114 deg. in the outside shade. In the various markets, latterly, owing to the holidays, little has been done. Fat cattle and sheep continue firm at late rates. At Goulburn, best bullocks are worth 120s. per head, sheep 7s. 6d. to 8s 6d. The meat-preserving company hope to shortly resume operations. At Wagga Wagga, best bullocks may be quoted from £5 10s. to £6 10s., and other classes in proportion. Fat sheep are In very limited request at nominal rates. Store Jattle of really good quality are in fair request, but the excessive demands of vendors check speculation, and prevent the transaction of business. Inferior lots are only sale able at low rates. Best bullocks may be quoted worth from £4 to £5. For store sheep of all classes there is a good demand, but young sheep are mostly inquired for; any good lots offering would meet with a most ready sale at full rates. Mr. G. A. Elliott (P. R. and Co.) reports the sale of 4,000 very fine ewes for Mr. G. H. Greene to Mr. A. G. Jones at full rates. At Deniliquin, 828 fat fattle and 5,300 sheep passed lagt week. Mr. W. H. Graves, for Ryan and Hammond, has sold 3,0Q0 ewes for Messrs. M'Niell. The 1,500 bead of store cattle purchased by Mr. M'Bean of Woorooma in the north of Queensland, have arrived and been delivered by Mr. Jones : they were on the road seven months. There is little reported from Forbes. 70 head of fat cattle have left Walla Walla, in charge of Tarvis, for Bathurst. The district stock items are as follows : — On Monday 300 head of fat cattle from Grawhay (purchased by Mr. Webb) passed for Sydney. A lot of Perry's fat cattle from Marqbone were year Coalbaggie yesterday. 234 head fat cattle (Gardiner)— 200 of which are sold to Mr, R. Frost — are reported to be close here. Mr. R. G. Goodisson (for Power, Rutherford, and Co.) has placed under offer two lots of store sheep. The Bogan passing are : 114 fat cattle (Gilmour's) for Bathurst ; 140 fat cattle- (Kerr's) for Orange. The Coolah items are : 184 fat cattle (Yickery's) from Gundemaine went by on the 25th ult., for Sydney, and 1,650 fat sheep (Clarke's) from Gullemedaddy passed on the 27th. 2,000 fat sheep (Hunt and "Crawford's), Toogood in charge, have passed Obley for Sydney. From Brewarrina we hear that 140 fat cattle, prin cipally bullocks (Peberdy's), from the Culgoa, have started for the Maitland markets, owner in charge. 2,000 fat sheep (J. and J. Doyle's) left Bokira for Sydney on the 1st. 16,000 sheep (Eales's) have crossed the Barwon for Narren. — JDubbo Dispatch. 