MINING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY. Tho following regulations for mining on private property were agreed to at a meet ing of tho Executive Coausil yesterday afternoon, and published in a supplement to tho Government Gazette : — REGULATIONS UNDER THE LAND ACT lSCO. Whereas by section 99 of The Land Art 1SG9 it is enacted that all lsnd3 alieuatcd under tho provisions thereof shall bo liable to be resumed for mining purposes by bor Majesty on paying full compensation to tbe licensee, lesseo, or pur chaser In fee-simple thereof, for tho value (ovber than auriferous) of tho lands and improvements so resumed, suoh vaiuo, in care of disagreement, to bo ascrtaiucd liy ai titration ; tbo terms, con ditions, and events upon which such lands may bo resumed, aud the manner in which suoh arbi tration shall bo couducted, to be determined in snch manner as tlio Governor may from timo to lirao direct: Now, therefore, his Excellency tho Governor, actiug by aud with tho advice of the Executive Oouncil, dolhjby theso presents rescind the regulations hereinafter expressed to bo re scinded, aad mako the regulations following 1\. Tbo regulations of the fioth day of Septem ber, 1S70, numbered 22 to 39, L-otli inclusivo, shall bo aud the samo are hereby rescinded. 2\. For tbe purposes of theso regulations— The word " person'' shull include a body corporato or other legally constituted association of persons. Tho words ' the net" shall mean The Land Act 1869\. The word " laud" shall moan any land alienated under the provisions of tlio act. Tho word " owner" shall include the licensee, lesseo or purchaser in fco-simple of any tucli land, his heirs, executors, administrators, aDd assigns. Tho word "applicant" shall mean any person, including such owner, who shall apply under those regulations for tho resumption lor mining purposes by her Majesty of any snch land. The word "board" shall moan the Board of Land and Works. . > 3\. No land shall bo liablo to bo resumed under tho provisions of tho not and theso regulations on which bona fide gold mining operations shall be carried on. 4\. No application for tho resumption of land for mining purposes Bball bo entertained until such laud snail havo been ascertained _ to he auriferous in tho manner hereinafter provided. 5\. Any person intending to mako application for the resumption of land for mining purposes shall addreis to tho Minister of Mines, and leave with the warden of the tniniug division in which such lands aro situated, accompanied, by tho receipt for tho deposit hereinafter mentioned, an application in the following form " Land Act 1869. section 99. "Application for Inquiry into Auriferous character of Land. ( Place and date.) ( Hour of receipt.) " To the Honorable tho Minister of iMiuos. " Sir, — I havo tho honor to inform yon that it is my intention to apply ; for tlio resumption of land for mining purposes alienated under -The Land Act 1SS9 by (licence , lease, or sale, at the case may be), of which land, being (here describe the land), in tho district of ,of , is tho owner. I also declare that no bond fide mining operations are being carried on upou snch land, and that I believe tho same to bo auriferous and capablo of being mined at a profit ; and I re quest tliat you will direct tbo wardon to inquire into and report upon tbo trutb of those statements, and upon tbo cha racter aud mining capabilities of tho land in question. I herewith deposit tho sum of £25, as required by tlio regulations for tlio resumption of land for mining purposes. And I agree, if my requost bo grautod, that such sura shall bo hold by tho wardcu, subject to aud may bo appro priated by bim under tho toruis of aucb regula tions. I have tbo honor to lie, sir, your obedient servant, . And shall at tho samo timo deposit with the warden's clerk tho sum of £ to bo applied as hereinafter providod, for which tho clerk shall give a receipt in tho following form : — "Form of Receipt for Deposit with Warden's Clerk. "Land Act 1309, section 99. " In tlio matter of an application into tho auriferous character of land. " Received from the sum of £25, pursuant and subject to the regulations relating to the resumption of laud for mining purposes under tbe above act. " J. R., Clerk to " J. C., Warden." 6\. Aftor payment of tho mining surveyor's fees the said sura of £25 shall be subject to any order which the Minister of Minos or tho warden may from timcto timo makefortbe paynionttbercont p£ any cosls to tlio owner or any other porson .within thirty days aftor sucli inquiry shall bo concluded, whon the balance, if any, shall bo returned to the applicant. Upon the receipt by tho warden of tho application and deposit ho shall ondorso ou tho application tho day and hour of He receipt, and, where more than one application is mado iu respect ol tlio samo land, the subsequent applica tions according to their priority ; and shall forth with direct a mining surveyor to survoy and mako a geological plan of the land, aud to report in writing as to tlio fact or probability of the said land being auriferous and capable of being profit ably worked, aud upon nil other matters upon which tho said wardon shall, in writing, order snch snrveyor to report. 7\. Upon the receipt of such survoy and report tho warden shall forward by post to thb address of tho owner a notice in tlio following form, ap pointing n place and day, not less than twenty- one or more than thirty days from tho dato of such notice, for tho holding of such inquiry : " Land Act 1869, sec; 99. " To and all other porsons interested in (describe land as in application). " Take notico that , ' -has applied to tbe Honorable tho Minister of Mines, alleging that the said land is auriferous and ca pable ot being mined at a profit, and that no bond fide mining operations are being carried ou upon such land, aud requesting an inquiry" into the truth of such statement : Now I, , a wardon of tlio gold- fields for the mining district of , hereby appoint tho day of , at the hour of , as tho day, and as the plaeo at which I will attend for inquiriug into tbe truth of such statements, aud for deter mining whether such land is auriferous and ca pablo of being mined at a profit. - " If you dispute tho truth of tho assertion con tained in tbo application you will be allowed reasonablo law costs and expenses of yourself and wituesses attending upon such inquiry. "(Signed) "J. C., Warden." 8\. Seven days at least before tho day fixed for hearing the application tho applicant shall adver tise the said notico onco ia somo weekly papor, and twico in some doily paper, circulating in the neighborhood of the land, and shall serve a copy thereof upon the following persons : —Tho liconsoo, lessee, or purchaser (or, if the grant should havo issued, tho registered proprietor), and the person in apparent possession of tho land ; or, if the land be vacant, tho applicant shall post a copy of the notico in some conspicuous position upon tho land. | 9, At the time and placo appointed the warden (or some otner Wfilden appointed >n by Iho Minister of Mines) sit" »d< proof to his aatisfaotioii of now00 ' giv- n by the applicant at hereinbefore shall hear the applicant in person, or by Ciiliisfll or attorney, in support oi l-is application, and shall receive such evidence hs ha may tender in support of tho assertions contained in tho-appli- cation ; and shall in like manner hear and receive cvidcnco tendered by tlio owner in opposition to the assertions contained in tho application. 10\. If no one appear at tho hearing in snpport of the application tho warden shall forthwith dis miss tho application. ' ' ' 11\. The owner shall be entitled 16 bo paid out of tho said deposit his law costs and expenses of witnesses for attending such inquiry and disput ing the truth of the statement in the application, in accordance with the general rules for proceed ings before wardens, unless tbo warden shall bo of opinion that such opposition was frivolous and vexatious. ' 12! "As soon as practicable after the inquiry tlio warden shall transmit to tlio Minister of Mines his report thereto, 'setting5 out the minntes of evidence nnj forwarding uny documentary evi dence received at the hearing, acd shall give his opinion upon, the correctness of the assertions contained in tbe application. If tho Minister of Mines, on the report of tlio warden, think fit, lie may recommend that tlio land should be resumed for mining purposes, and may transmit sucli re commendation to the board : but if the Minister of Mines shall lie of opinion that the land ia not auriferous, or that from any causo whatever it is inexpedient to restrain possetsion thereof, he may notify the same to the warden, and in such case no further or other inquiry shall take placo with reference to such land without his special per mission. p ,13. Upcu the receipt of (lie recemmentiaiitn of the Minister of Mines tlio bor.rd(niay direct llic district snrveyor (o'estimato separately the valuo (other than auriferous) of, I he said land; and the value, of the improvements llioreon, and the full amount r f compensation payable to the owner in reSpect'thcreof. 14\. So soon a3 the district surveyor shall have made sucli estimate, and ascertained such com- pcnsalion, he shall give the applicant, thereof no tice in the following forni . " Land Act .1369. sec. 99. 1,1 "To " Take no! ice that the resumption for .mining purposes of the land mentioned in your applica- tion c£ Iho day of lias been re- commended by tbo Minister of Mines to the Bxird of Land and Works. I estimate the va'ui (other than auriferous)of tlio said land at £ and the value of the improvements thereon at £ . If you . pay these turns, to- gether with £ . h r the cxpehrcs of smvey a-.id yaluation, amounting in the whole to £ into the sub-treasury at OU or before tho day of ; ' ' and forward tbo receipt for tho ssi'l sura to mo, the samo will bo tendcrei to tho owner oi sue smu lard as full compensation for the valne (other than auriferous) of the raid land and tho im provements thereon. " If tho owner agree to accept tho said sums, the same will be paid over to uim and tho land will bo ro5umod ; nut if tho ownor refuso to nc- oept the said sums, tbe same will be retained and dealt with under the (regulations relating to the resumption of land for mining purposes. " If you neglect or omit to pay tho said sum of money within tho timo specified, your application will bo considered to havo been finally dealt with and refused, and no further application by you in respect of such land will ho entortaicod. "(Signed) District Surveyor." 15\. Upon the receipt of euch Eums within tbo timo specified tho district survoyor shall notify tho same to tho owner in the following form : — " Land Act 18G9, sec. 09. " To (name of owner). , . " Take notice that the resumption for mining ?nrp03es of certain land alienated under The ,a 71 d .1 ct 1869, being (here describe band as in application J district of , of which yen are the (licensee, lessee, or purchaser), has been recommended by tho Minister of Mines to the Board of Land and Works on tho application of (name oi applicant). I havo estimated tho value (other tnan auriferous) of tho said land at £ ' The said (name of applicant) has paid tho said sums, amounting together to the sum of £ into tbo sub-treasury at and tho said sum will bo paid to you if you agree in writing, on or before tho day of to accept the same as full compensation for tho said valuo and improvements. "(Signed) " District Surveyor. 1C. If within the time spccihcd in such last- mentioned notico tbo owner shall not agrco to accept tho said sum as the amount of compensa tion for tho valuo (other than auriferous) of eucIi land and the improvements thereon, such amount and value shall be ascertained by arbitration in manner hereinafter provided. 17\. For tho purpose of ascertaining the value (other than aurifcrous)of any such land and improve ments, and the amount of componsation payable to tho owner in respect thereof, ono arbitrator shall bo appointed by tbo owner, and another arbitrator shall be appointed by tbo board, and such appointment shall be delivered to the arbi trator, and shall bo dccmod a submission to arbi tration on the part of tho party by whom tho samo was mado ; and neither parly shall havo powor to revoke sueli appointment without the consent of the other party, nor shall tho death of the owner operate as a revocation ; and after a request in writing, in which shall bo stated the said matter so required to be ascertained by ar bitration, shall bave boon served by tbo ono party upon the other party to appoint an arbitrator, if such last montioned party fail to appoint such arbitrator, then upon bucIi failuro the party making tho request, and having himself ap pointed an arbitrator, may aftor tbo expiration of fourteen days appoint snob arbitrator to net on bohalf of both parlies, and such arbitrator may proceed to ascertain sueli value aud compensation, and his determination shall be final. 18\. If, befuro tbo matter so referred shall bo determined, the arbitrator appointed by oither party die, become incapable, or refuso to act, the party by whom such arbitrator was appointed may appoint soino other person to act in his place, and if for the space of sovon days after notico in writing lio fuil to do so the remaining or other arbitrator may proceed by Limsolf, ana any mbitrator so substituted shall hayo ttt« same powers as wero vested in tho former arbitrator at the timo of his death, disability, or refusal. 19\. Tho arbitrators shall, beforo they com mence such valuation, appoint, by writing under their hands, an umpire to decide upon any mat ters on which they shall differ, and if such um- piroshall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act, shall from time to timo appoint another umpiro in his place, nnd tho decision of this umpiro on such mutters shall bo final. 20\. If whore any such single arbitrator shall die, or refuso, or become ineapablo to act beforo making his award, tho party appointing such arbitrator may appoint, by writing undor his band, some other person to act in his place, and every arbitrator so substituted shall bave the same powers as wero vested in tho former arbi trator. 2 1. If wIiod moro than one arbitrator shall have been appointed they shall fail to ascertain EneU v due and componsation within thirty days after tho day on which tbo last of such arbi trators shall havo been appointed, or refuEC, or for seven days neglect to act, tho matter re ferred to them shall be ascertained by tho um piro, 22\. Evuy such valuation shall bo in tho fol lowing form or to tho like effect : — " Land Act 1869, section 99. " Valuation by arbitration for resumption of Zand for mining purposes. "We (or I) have ascertained the valuo (other than auriferous) of land of which is tho owner, being (here describe land as in application J, in tbo district of aud tho improvements thereon of a substantial and permanent nature ; aud hereby certify that tho said value of tho said land is £ , and tho said valne of tho said im- provements is £ "In witness whereof wo havo hereunto set our hands and seals tho day of 187 ." ... 28\. All the costs of, and incident to, such arbi tration, shall bo homo by tho applicant, and the " said compensation money so paid into tho sub- treasury shall bo retained to abido tbo award of such arbitration, aud dealt with and disposod of in manner hereinafter mentioned. 24\. The applicant shall, within fourteen days after the making of tho award in 6uch arbitration shall havo been notified to him, proceed to take up the same. 25\. If the amount of the award under such arbitration bo greater tban tho Eaid compensation money, the applicant shall within fourteen days after taking up of the award pay such further sum into the said Bub-trcasury. 26\. If the applicant omit or neglect within the time heieinhebDre specifiod to take up tbo award, (he (ward may takg up the same, and, after pay ment in the lirst instance out ot suon confuta tion monoy of the costs of and incident to such arbitration, may in its discretion apply the balanco or any part thereof in paymont of com- Eensation to the owner for any expenses incurred y him in nnd about the premises, and the re mainder of such balance shall bo paid into the consolidated revenue. . 27\. If the applicant shall havo taken up tho award, but shall not within the timo heroinbo- fore specified havo paid such further sum in addi tion to the said compensation money, tho wholo of such compensation money shall bo applied as last hereinbefore provided as to the implication, of tho balanco, after payment of tho costs of nnd in cident to such arbitration. _ 28\. At any timo after such valuation, whotuer by agreement or by arbitratien, or if tho appli cant or tho owner at any timo after tho recom mendation for resumption of tho Minister of Mines, tho land may, after payment of such com pensation to tho owner, bo resumed by tho Cxo- vernor-in-Gouncil, and a notico of such resump tion shall be published in tho following form in the government Gazette, and such publication shall bo, and shall be deemed to be, conclusive evidence of such resumption, and that all con ditions precedent thereto havo been perrerraed and fulfilled : — " Land Act 1869, Sec. 99. " Whereas the laud hereinafter described was alienated under tho said (by licence, lease, or sale) to of and ap- plication has boon mado for tho resumption of suob laud for mining purposes by ot and the valuo (other tban auriferom) or such land and of tho improvements thereon have been determined pursuant to the said act and tbo regulations mado iu accordance therewith, and full compensation amounting to tbo sura of £ has been paid to tbe said in icspeeL thereof, his Excellency the Governor, act'ng by and with tho advice of tho Exocutivo Council, doth by this present order, in tho namo and on bohalf of her Msjosty, resume tho saw land for mining purposes, such resumption to take eflect from tlie day of - 29 From and after the dato of such resump- tion the Governor in-Council may, in pursuance of section 14th of tho Mining Statute 18oo, ex cept Buch land from occupation for mining pur poses, or for rosidence, or for business, under anv minor's right or business licence. 30 It shall bo lawful for the Governor in- Council to authoriso the applicant to occupy tho said land so resumed and excepted for a term which shall not exceed fifteen years, at the yearly amount of one shilling for orory acre of such land : and any such authority shall bo by licence under tbo scai of the colony in tho namo of, and on behalf of, her Majesty ; and any such Iiconco shall bo as nearly as may bo in tho form pro scribed by any regulations now or horeaftor to be in force relating to gold mining leases, and may be in like manner renewed assigned, surrendered or declared forfoited. 31\. No claim will be entertained far a roturn of any portion of tho money paid by tho applicant except whore expressly provided for by these re5nd.tltho honorable James Macphcrson Grant, her Majesty's Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey for Victoria, shall give tho necessary directions herein accordingly. .. J. H. Kay, Clork of tho Execulivo Council. j! M. Grant. Commissioner of Crown Lands and" Survey, aud President of tho Board of Land and Works. Th a Pastoral Times regrets to hear that tbe late destruction by fire of the hon. ,Wm. OiunpbfU's flock of sheep .(pOOO m number) has had the effect of impairing the mind of the superintendent of the station (Mr. Turner), who has been sent to Melbourne to be treated for the disease. These bush-fires have, iu many oases, proved most damaging; and we aro afraid tbat only a few ot tbo dreadful incidents attending these fuea reach the public ear. l.; . . .. , . 