THE BURNT REMAINS OF AN INFANT FOUND. (From the Mudgee Western Post, March 5.) An inquest was held at the Court House, yesterday before J. W. Lees, Esq., Police Magistrate of Tambaroora, and a Jury of twelve, on view of a quantity of bones, alleged to have been found in the remains of a fire in Mr. Crossing's paddock at Mullamuddy. The inquiry occupied two hours. The first witness examined, Sergeant Webb, stated: I produce a parcel of bones given to me on the 20th of last month; they were given to me by Mrs. Pile, who lives at Mullamuddy, eight or nine miles from Mudgee; the parcel No. 2 was handed to me on the 22nd of Feb. by the same person, at the same place; parcels 3 and 4 I picked out of the ashes of a fire, at Mullamuddy Creek, about 200 yards from Mrs. Pile's house, on the 24th Feb.; William Pile, Senior-constable M'Evoy, and Con- stable Mortimer were present when I picked out the contents of those two parcels; it did not appear to be an old fire; there was an old fire some distance off; the parcels contain bones, which appear to have been subjected to the action of fire; No. 4 contains about a dozen teeth; I found parcels 3 and 4 in the one fire; it did not appear to have been an accidental bush fire; the fire occupied a space of about some 7 feet; it was made against a log; a part of the log remained. Wm. Pile deposed: I live at Mullamuddy Creek, . on a farm; some fourteen or fifteen days ago I gave my mother a parcel of bones (produced); I found these bones about 200 yards from my place, in a paddock; where I found the bones were the remains of a very small fire; it did not appear to have been a bush-fire. [The witness was here shown a second parcel, No. 2.] I identify the second parcel of bones; I found them two or three days after finding the first parcel, at the same place; I was present when the police searched the remains of a fire, on the 24th of February; I saw them find some very small bones and some teeth (produced); I identify parcels 3 and 4 as the bones then found; when I first saw the fire it was alight; this was on the 1st February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening; it was about dusk; I know it was the 1st February; I took the bones from the top of the fire; the police must have made a more minute examination than I did; when I and the police visited the fire, we took out all the bones we could find; the bones appear to have been burnt; they were charred. (By the jury: The reason I searched the fire was, I was told to do so.) I saw a man and a woman at the fire when I first saw it alight on the 1st of February; they were putting something on the fire, apparently wood; the paddock in which the fire was belongs to old Mr. Crossing; the persons at the fire were Mr. Crossing and Bella Crossing, his niece; my half- brother, James Bibb, was with me at the time I saw this; from certain rumours I heard after this I went and searched the fire; about a week before I saw the fire I heard of a child being missed; I had my suspicions at the time I saw the fire; I watched the fire for about an hour and a half; the man and woman remained at the fire for ten or twelve minutes; it was burning when they went away; they returned in about half an hour, and made a second fire; they tlirew a lot of bushes together and set fire to them; they only stopped there a few minutes; it was in the first fire that the bones were found; the second fire only burned a few minutes. (By a Juror: The pad- dock is a grass paddock, not cultivated.) I did not go and examine the fire until seven or eight days after the fire was made; I was at home all these seven or eight days; the rumour I heard was that a child was missing and could not be found; the child said to be missing was Isabella Crossing's child; I was not asked to assist to search until I went with the police; at the time the fire was being made, I knew Crossing and his niece were going away in a day or two. [By a Juror: I thought they were burning something they did not want anybody to see]. I was told by senior-constable M'Evoy to take an opportunity of going and examining the fire, and I went and searched the same day he told me; I should not have examined the remains of the fire, but for being told to do so; the reason I did not go the day after the fire was, I was not told; I had as good an opportunity of examining the fire the day after it was made as on the day I did; the reason I kept away from this paddock was I was ordered by Mr. Crossing to keep out of it; [By a juror: I never saw a fire in the paddock before or after the time I have named; I could not see what was being put on the fire]. Dr. Bowling deposed: The bones produced were shown to me by sergeant Webb on the 24th ultimo; on the 25th I saw them again; the teeth I identified as those of an infant; there are 8 molars, 2 canine, and 5 incisors; they are the teeth of a very young infant; they are human teeth; I cannot say whether they have been through the gum; in parcel No. 2 I identify two bones as the two pieces of the temporal bones of an infant; I also identify a portion of a radius (arm), and a tibia (leg); they are both por- tions of an infant; in parcel No. 3 I identify por- tions of the scapula (shoulder); these have been subjected to the action of fire; I am not quite cer- tain as to the other bones, but I believe them to be- long to the same body as those I have described; the teeth, and bones correspond, and belong to a child under six months old; they were not out of sergeant Webb's possession when I was examining them; I cannot say whether they are the bones of a male or a female child. Dr. Cutting deposed: I know a person named Richard Crossing, and also a person named Bella Crossing; Bella Crossing is a niece of Richard Cros- sing's; I confined Bella Crossing of a child; it was a healthy child; she was confined at Mullamuddy; Richard Crossing was on the farm at the time; I saw him at the cottage at the time, and spoke to him; Crossing came to my house at about five o'clock in the morning and took me out in his buggy to confine his niece; I have examined the bones produced; one of them is a thigh bone of a human being; the teeth are those of a young infant; they have not been through the gums; human teeth are unlike those of any other animal; I identify another bone as that portion of the skull containing the internal ear; I recognise two other bones as those of the pelvis; I identify another bone as nearly all of the first rib; and another as the large bone of the leg; I also recognise the thigh- bone; the others I cannot be positive about, but they all appear to be those of an infant; I have not seen the infant since the confinement; the bones and teeth have been burned; I imagine they are the bones of an infant about three months old. This being the whole of the evidence, the jury retired, and after an absence of about fifteen minutes, returned a verdict- "that the bones found are those of a child, but how they came there, or whose they are,there is no evidence to show." 