COUNTRY NOTES. A girl 'named Whitton was gored frio-htfullv by a cow at West Maitland last Monday. Her life was despaired of. On the road between Carcoar and Cowra a I horse was smitten by sunstroke, and became paralyzed. The Border Question.— The defeat of the Ministry on the Border Customs question was highly enjoyed in this neighborhood when the telegram arrived. Placards were put up an nouncing the welcome fact, and flags were huno- out and arrangements made for tar barrels at night and for a moonlight gathering of the towns people. A possible settlement of the present difficulty, although most acceptable, is not con sidered enough to quiet the agitation which has been evoked. Distrust in the permanency of any Customs arrangement between Sydney and Mel- nAlIV>1A rrrill 1 _ _ n - -"Axi Luutiuue to give torce to the move- ment which has been set on foot for obtaining a final settlement of this matter, and also for Se curing a guaranty for future good government. The pressnt mismanagement has been most effect ive m rousing a desire for settling. Eiverina under some form of government — whether by Annexation or Separation — by which these periodical commotions may be avoided. Already the ordinary course of trade has been injuriously interfered with, and holders of wheat and wine and traders in general, feel insecure and uncer tain m regard to matters of business ; and com mercial travellers say that expected orders are withheld from them. A meeting of German farmers will be held at Jindera in a few days and another meeting at Ten Mile Creek has, it will be seen, already been convened. The Com mittee appointed to communicate with other parts of Biverina for support in regard to An nexation or Separation will at once go to work. — Albury Banner. Graphite. — We were shown last week a very pure sample of graphite, or pure black lead, round at a place near Glen Innes. It was gray foliated mineral, about the thickness nf fin foil and could be separated like layers of that material. It was said to have been found in a quartz rock, but we did not ascertain if it was plentiful. The market value of it is said to be from 20s. to 30s. per lb., and therefore, if it can be found in any quantities, it would repay the troubling of the mining for it. A very interest- _ing query has been suggested from this discovery. Graphite is nearly a pure carbon, and its purity in that respect is only exceeded by the diamond. Would it indicate the presence of diamonds ? Those who may be engaged in collecting graphite might take the hint and carefully ex amine everything in its neighborhood. The sample of graphite shown, to us is now on view at Mr. Braham's, jeweller, &c.;, Prince Street, Graiton. — Grafton Observer. Mail Bobbery. — The Cassilis correspondent of the Upper Hunter Courier writes: On Sunday morning, 1st ult., about a mile from Cassilis, the down mail from Coolah to Cassilis was stuck up by a man ou horseback, armed with a revolver. The bushranger told the mailman to throw down the bags from his pack horse and to ride a cer tain distance away. The bushranger then dis mounted, picked up the bags, mounted his horse, and rode away. After a time the mailman came on to Cassilis, and gave information to the police, when Constable Scally and mailman started for the scene of the robbery. The bushranger wore crape over his face, and had dark clothes on, so that identification will be a difficult job. . Fatal Mining .Accident.— An addition to f Ii o 1 AM <-» »r-> L-. L, 221 i . ii» - - ciiv lul," iiou ui linum- aeeiuents on tnis gold- field was made on Tuesday last. From the evi dence given before Mr. Browne, P.M., at the magisterial inquiry, it appears that the deceased, Michael Fitzgerald, was with his mate working in a claim on the Victoria Lead, near Bouse's paddock. He descended the shaft, which is about eighty-five feet deep, for a bucket. He had hooked the bucket on, which was hoisted up about twenty feet, when he called out excitedly, " Lower the rope, quick !" which his mate did. He got into the rope and was being rapidly hauled up, but when about forty feet from the top he let go the rope, and fell plump to the bottom. His mate shouted out for help,»:'whicli was promptly tendered. A miner volunteered to go down, but had not descended twenty feet when he had to be pulled up again, the air being so bad. A fan was borrowed from, an adjoining claim, and having been set to work the air was purified, and a miner having descended found Fitzgerald lying on his back dead.- On the body being brought to the surface, it was found to be much cut about the head, blood, flowing from the ears and mouth. The deceased leaves a, widow and three children totally unprovided for. We know of course that it is useless for tX warn miners of the danger duSnTthe present iTtlmm 0f deSCCnd; Sllafts not broken through m the morning , without taking the precaution of proving the air ; but it it had fcn En in ftfa tfSr Jh» saved AND Obtaining Goods under: False Pretences. — In April or May last vear a man who represented himself as a farmer in 2L fnge dlstrict> who had visited Yass with a, 8toek BnXlnrv farmiug> called at thQ Joint as8' and inquired as to the: means to be adopted to secure the transfer of cei tain funds he represented to be to his credit: Tii n an 0range He statetl that his name write1 tenth B/,r,nes> and that he was unable to ll oii w . manager of the bank where the alleged funds were lodged was aware oi l peculiarity m his marking of the cheques. He ' succeeded by the plausible nature of his story in Wt teSf a obofiue drawn on the bank named, andt it foi collection. In the event of his re quiring funds to purchase a farm, and not being- able to come into Yass at the time, he requested another cheque to be drawn on the Joint Stock Bank, to be honored if presented after the trans- hw and asked the telle' of the bank lvtc? in-T — i _ _ , rite\ as witness to his signature. This unfortunately was done, and no more was heard for sometime of Mr. Thomas If! The cheque first-named was duly for- waided to the bank at Orange, and returned dis honored. Some time afterwards the second aSfte was Paed uPn Messrs. Newman and Co., at Braidwood, a small purchase of goods being made at the time, and some £18 odd cash I We d over to Byrnes', who then dLppearet and could not be traced. - About the end of last- mouth, however, he was apprehended on another charge of forgery, and discovered to have four or five aliases tacked to his name. He was com mitted at the Goulburn Police Court for forging and uttering a cheque for £24 7s., and on Wed nesday (24th ult.) m the gaol at Goulburn, was brought up on the charge of obtaining goods by Pn f chcTe from Messrs- Newman i, d w ''fL f1 mW0? Mr Tempest, teller of the Joint Stock Bank at Yass, and Mr. Payne, of Messrs. hewman and Co., identified the pri soner, and after hearing evidence, Byrnes was on tills nhfliTCA Jl.lciA n nvn w» J j _ . i > . „av, ", ,L wuiuiipi-cu -Lur trial at tiie next Goulburn Quarter Sessions.— Western Examiner. Bush-Fire.— A bush-fire broke out on Satur day last (says the Wagga Wagga Advertiser ) m the ranges at Gumly Gumly. It spread ra- ' pidly and though the jfarmers in the neighbor hood turned out and fought it hard, they were unable to prevent the destruction of several grass paddocks. The selections of Messrs, opiller, Roger, and Power all suffered severely and some fifteen hundred cattle will be under the painful necessity of finding " pastures new" where they can. The Gumly paddocks, at present rented by Mr. Armstrong, where them are a large number of valuable brood mares, s tmted to Blair Athol, fortunately escaped through the exertions of a number of men, who worked hard all Sunday night, and succeeded irk beating back the fiery invader. On the same night there vwas a large fire on the Buckingbong run, and several of the Cuddle Creek paddocks- were cleared of grass. Shoalhaven Begatta.— The usual annual " I tak?n, te. yestei- v jvems or the 27th ult. ) as per programme that has been published in this journal for the last three months, did not from some cause which we are unable to explain. A- : repoi t got into circulation by some means to the effect that there would be no regatta, in. ' consequence of certain parties, who have always ' taken an active part, finding it impossible to give their attention to it this year. This report, although not having any authority, took such I hold that when the time for entrance arrived, on Tuesday last, there was but one entrance within the time stated in the advertisement. The com- nuttee, after paying such subscriptions, so as to meet the present liabilities incurred, postponed their mep.tmo- nnf,l — ' 1 ,, r p i e veiling, me otn February next, when it will be decided whether the regatta comes off on an early day — St. Pat- .S,. ay kcteg suggested— or is postponed dim die. Some considerable annoyance and loss to a few parties has been occasioned by this failing through of the regatta; large quantities l fruit, confectionery and cordials had been ordered from Sydney, much of which, in the absence of other holiday makings yesterday— the. anniversary of the colony — will spoil or re main for some time on their hands. Indepen dent of this, great disappointmont was experi enced yesterday by parties coming in to witness the regatta. We noticed a number from Tome- long, Sassafras, and other places twenty, thirty- forty , and fifty miles distant-, who had their journey for nothing. 