FIRES IN THE MACLEAY DISTRICT ( From the Macleay Herald.) For the last week we have not for one moment been without a number of fires on one side of us or other. In whatever direction we turn our eyes a fire is sure to be raging there. . The immense volumes of white, and sometimes nearly black smoke, from bushfires or burning off, continually ascending around us into the blue vault of heaven in the daytime, and the blaze of and reflection from the fires at night; suggest to us that the Macleay district ought to be colled Terra del Fuego. What with the heat of the sun ,and the heat ing of the atmosphere occasioned by the fires we are quite parched ; and not only is it in the bush that fires burning but in Kempset itself. In East Kempsey on Wednesday, about six or seven were employed staying the progress of a fire that was making its way up their paddocks towards their houses ; and on Mon day the Roman Catholic chapel was in rather close proximity to one of these fires. However, we have not only to record bush fires, but also fires from which serious damage has resulted. A man named Dennis residing at Kinchela, about three weeks ago burned off some stubble and grass; and it seems that some logs then caught fire, and have been burning ever since, and on Tuesday, when the wind was strong, some sparks were blown from the logs into the grass nearby, and the fire was urged by the wind into an adjoining farm, which caught fire and blazed away burning with it a barn containing between 500 and 600 bushels of maize. The barn, we believe, was the property of a man named Clancy, but the maize and crop belonged to Robert Partridge; An Inquest was held on Friday, when a verdict of accidentally burned was returned. Michael Keenan, of Summer Island, lost twenty chains of fencing by bush fires, and W. A. Taylor, also of Summer Island, lost thirty-five chains of fencing, and it was with the greatest diffi- culty that the cattle could be got out of the burning paddocks and saved from a dreadful death. So large have been some of these bush fires, that one night Dr. Gilden could clearly see, by the reflection from a fire some miles off, the way from Kempsey to Gladstone, when called out at 12 30 a.m., and avoid the stumps and roots in the path. On Friday night a fine sight was witnessed by several. There was a tremendous bush fire raging in the N.E., whilst in the S.W., some very large masses of ink back clouds were rolling up from the horizon and covering the sky. The reflec tlon of the fire,was so great that the grass appeared as though there were a severe frost on it ; and a light of such a peculiar kind was shed over the town as to remind one of some of those pictures of " Paradise Lost." The whole scene was so unearthly and weird that we could not help contemplating it without admiration. The river seemed like lead, and gave one an idea of the Styx of ancient mythology, whilst the only thing wantlng to complete the picture was on the other side of the river, a white boat aud a man in it to represent Charon and his ferry-boat. 