Fike-ratsing. — We very much re gret to hear that many settlers in the neighbourhood of Wagga Wagga have sustained great loss latterly, in consequence of the destruction of their fences by tire. In one instance the entire boundary (exceeding five -yi miles in length) between two runs has been totally destroyed. These inflictions, if wrought bj^ the agency of ordinary bush-fires, or springing from clearly-traced accidental causes, would be serious and trying enough ; but there is too much reason to fear the mischief is the result of incen diarism. We are informed that in one instance, where two lines of brush-fencing intersected each other, a fire had been deliberately kindled, ' and a great portion of enclosure in four directions was consumed. In another case a chock-and-log fence had been wilfully fired, evidently in several places ; but the fire had died out. In the case of the boun dary-line referred to above, where the whole was destroyed, an exami nation proved too clearly that the fire had been directly and wilfully applied in the first instance to the fence itself. There is an impresion afloat, that as the winter approaches, the necessities of a particular class of persons not remarkable for their morality prompt them to the com mission of these serious offences against property and law and order, that they and those similarly circum stanced with the ai selves may find work during the most trying period of the year. Whether there be any force in this theory or not, the matter is a most serious and import ant one ; and the settlers should take immediate action to stay the growth of so desperate an evil, by jointly subscribing and offering high rewards for the conviction of any person found committing a crime so detestable in itself, and so injurious to the general interests of a whole community. — Wagga Advertiser. The Kadnook Station, near Har row, belonging to Messrs R. and T, Smith, has changed hands. The purchaser is Mr David Edgar of Pine Hills. The price is reported £33,000 cash. The purchased land was valued at 45s per acre. Although the course pursued bv the forger, John Middleton, of Gee long, had the effect of preventing publicity respecting his affairs, it is very probable that the whole par ticulars of his dealings will shortly come out in evidence before the In solvent Court. He has stated in his / schedule that his liabilities exceed £8000, and of this amount the firm ^ of Guthrie, Bullock and Co., in which he was formerly a partner, figures for about £2500. The greater portion of this sum, or £2270, is stated to have been incurred for money lent to insolvent, between 1st and 14th March, on the security of 6000 sheep; but an attempt will probably be made to have tlie proceeds arising from the sale of that flock paid into tlie general assets of the estate. Several stock-dealing firms in Ballarat are large creditors, and the greater portion of their claims is for transactions entered into at a very recent date. The Bank of New South Wales also figures to a large extent, and it is not likely that the estate will be wound up without a very rigorous examina tion of tlie convicted insolvent. — — Age. What Shaja We Eat. — We are not at all surprised to learn that tea drinking is unwholesome. We have lived long enough to know that everything that enters the mouth of man is utterly destructive to his soul and body in the eyes of some body else. Alcohol has no friends, from the son of Noah downward everybody has had his fling and joke at that. Then there is tobacco. Can there be anything more mon strously profligate than to smoke a cigar ? Why, three drops of nicotine will kill a dog. The vegetarians tells us that nothing can be so un wholesome as beef-steak, and that Nature intended us to live exclu sively upon marmalade and almonds and raisins. Then the Bantingites lift up their voices against farina ceous food and pronounce a mealy potatoe the sin for which there is no forgiveness. Peas and beans are indigestible. No man who values his life will eat a carrot. Oatmeal produces skin diseases. Everything that is sour is bad, and the sugar that we use to sweeten it is bad also. No constitution can long stand black coffee, and if 3^011 put cream into the coffee, then the beverage becomes bilious, Salmon is the veiy worst thing you can eat, except indeed, the cucumber and lobster sauce that accompany it, which if possible are even worse. Salt pork is bad — first, because it is salt ; and secondly because you eat egg sauce with it, for eggs are ex tremely unwholesome ; and the pork would be a great deal worse if it were fresh, because then you might be tempted to eat oyster sauce with it, and everybody knows that oysters when cooked are even more indi gestible than eggs. Cheese is very unwholesome when raw, and utterly ruinous when toasted, and so are macaroni and mustard. In short, if we take the opinions of separate doctors and put them together we come to this, that according to the sum of scientific opinion we ought never to have been weaned. Since we were cruelly taken from the earliest nutriment we have never tasted anything really wholesome. With the single exception of milk, which very few of us like, and scarcely any can get, every article of food which nature has provided, or taught the ingenuity of man to prepare, is, more or less, unwhole some, and for the most part, exceed ingly deadly. — Echo. The East African Slave Trade. Lieutenant John A Challice, in a j letter to the Times, makes the fol- j lowing remarks: — 'Slaves freed from Arab or Malayash slave dhows by her Majesty's ships are taken as soon as possible to Aden, Bombay, Mauritius, or the Seychelles, At the Seychelles, which, as regards Euro pean inhabitants, language, and cus toms, is still virtually a French col ony, the released slaves are landed at Mahe, which is the principal is land of the group. Here, as at other ports named, they are placed under suitable cover, their wants are attended to by a surgeon and staff, and until they are so far re covered as to render them fit for labour they enjoy the most perfect rest. Notice is then given that any one in want of servants or labour ers can make selection from the batch. The French planters then step forward, and as regards choice' it used to be a matter of rivalry among them as to whom would be the first in the field. The negro once selected, the master is 1 bound5 to clothe, feed, and to give him a small pecuniary allowance until he reaches the age of manhood, when he becomes 1 free' to engage himself. The evil of the system rests in the fact that almost every thing is left to the discretion of the planter, and no bond being required for the improve ment of the poor African, the latter remains de facto a slave ; and,^ in the possible event of a negro being starved or illtreated by his master, Great Britian cannot complain if rumours such as those which gained utterance at the Mansion House be come prevalent as to this mode of disposing of our poor captives. The Seychelles, moreover, are now be coming quite overstocked, and if food becomes expensive, there will almost certainly be an irregular de portation of excess labour, which would give rise to future compli cations. Let the British Govern ment at once establish a central de pot for released slaves on the East African coast, similar to SierraLeone on the West. Under competent European protection and instruction the released Africans would soon be able to point to a self-protective colony, enjoying its own climate, and the benefits arising from direct communication with the interior, and from shipping facilities for European intercourse and trade. Durra Salaam, a seaport on the main land, about forty-eight miles to the southward of Zanzibar Islands, would be adapted for this purpose, being situated at the mouth of the river Mazeima and possessing an excellent harbour. It, however, belongs to the Sultan of Zanzibar, but I cannot see why his Highness should not be compelled to. make use of civilized freemen when there congregated for the labour require ments of his island, in lieu of the existing custom of employing slaves.' Concubinage, rather than mar riage is unhappily on the increase at France, and hence the correct ive must be found in altered man ners. The Spartan plan of *£ taking proceedings''* against those who married too late, or did not marry at all, is not to be thought of. In ancient times, a father compelled his son to many to check his ex travagance ; in modern times, it is but too true a wife promotes it in many cases. The wife of the per iod should have for model the Ro man matron, who presided over her house, educated her children, guard ed the honour of her home, and shared her husband's success. In France, when a man marries he is said to retire from the world, and his wife to enter it. Both take different roads subsequently ; hence arises the question, -£ Why don't the men propose, mamma?'' — French correspondent. Gas. — An arrangement has been recently brought out in England, whereby any person who burns not. less than thirty lights can make his own gas more economically than it i can he supplied by a company. The whole apparatus is designed and shaped so that it can be fitted be hind the kitchen range, and the process of gas-making be carried on by means of the fire used for cook ing. Some of the parts are stowed away conveniently in the chimney, so as not to occupy too much space in the kitchen. . It is said that the refuse — such as bad meat, fat, and other matters besides coal— can be made to yield a goad supply of gas, and in this way the householder can save himself from any contact with, or extortion by, the gas com pany. A Rival to the Eucalyptus.— The Constitutionnel announces the discovery of a new febrifuge, which has been found an excellent substit ute for quinine. As the latter is very costly — too much so for the purses of workmen and peasantry who are so frequently the victims of fever— it will be a general boon if the new drug, which is said to pos sess all the properties of quinine, and which will cost very little, can be brought into use among the pub lic. Mr. G. Doray, an apothecary in Saint- Lo, itseems, remembering the good effects in certain fevers of bitter aromatics, as, for example, camphor, conceived the idea of try ing the action of the laurel, the leaves of which are at once bitter and aromatic. The experiments were conclusive as to its powers, for according to statements made to the Academy of Sciences and tlie Academy of Medicine, three gram mes of powdered laurel leaves suffice to work a cure. All the fevers treated by the new druf have given way (it is said) in a few days, and it has even been success ful in an African fever of long stand ing, against which sulphate of quin ine had proved powerless. The lau rel is common in France, and pro duces no bad effects, so that if its use were general the French would no longer depend on the New World for quinine. Intermittent fevers are very common in France, so that if the medical profession should adopt the new febrifuge after fully testing its properties, it witl prove an immense advantage to the population. The green leaves of the laurel (Laurus nobilis) are- dried by a gentle heat on the fire in a close vessel, to prevent the loss of the volatile elements, and are afterwards reduced to a fine powder, one gramme of which in a glass of cold water may be taken as a dose- The effects of so simple a ! drug may at least be easily tested. The Condition of Germany. — The following extract from a letter received last mail by a German res ident of Wagga, will be read with interest as coining from the pen of a gentleman who for some years tried, and successfully tried, his fortunes in Australia : — ' You de sire me,' says the writer, ' to give you special particulars about Ger many. There is a good deal to be i said, but there is no room for it in a letter. I should have to write a book, and indeed a very voluminous one, to give you even a faint idea of the many changes which have passed over the land and the people since you and I left it for Australia. Money has not near the value it used to have. Everybody's income has increased, and his expenditure also. But with the latter they live far better than formerly. In large centres of populations r an able and industrious tradesman earns more money than in Australia ; good com mercial clerks get, in large towns, better salaries than in Melbourne, and for their money, if they choose to spend it, they can get far better value in every way. The difference from 15 years ago, and now, is so great, that one is inclined to think that as many centuries have passed away. The progress is very great indeed, and Germany now stands on the top of the tree of nations The Bank of Prussia, according to the latest statistics has more ready money than' the Bank of England. Who would have ever believed that such a thing could be possible ? Politically we are approaching Eng lish freedom in constitutional law, and with every session of Parlia ment measures are introduced and passed which tend to make the sub jects of the State* feel happy, safe, comfortable, and independent. A New York clergyman wrote of Paris that it is a humbug, and that ignorance and licentiousness caused it to fall before the Prussians. At ticus, in the Leader, thus writes of Melbourne . — t{ The more mischie vous dissipation of Paris and New York has found its way to this city, and unless checked bids fair to spread. There are at least three (how many more may exist I am not imformed) houses of respectable exterior, situated in streets of good repute, which are neither more nor less than houses of assignation. In ternally they are well, if not hand somely furnished, and in two cases out of three mentioned, the woman of the house is also the owner of the freehold. They are no common bagnios, such as are open at all times to police supervision, but the secret resorts of the rich and licen tious, where neither money nor pains are spared to ensure the stric test security. To these dens are tempted, heaven knows by what de vices, not only grown women (and it may be virtuous ones), but also young girls. It is to be hoped that those in authority may set the police in motion, and thus render a far greater service to society than even the cleansing of the Augean stables of Little nourke street. A Geeenock Niteo Glycerine Catastrophe in America. — Some time last summer Mr. Coffin, con tractor, who had been engaged in grading the road bed for New York and Boston Railway along the val ley, about two miles east of the City of Yonkers, went to Michigan, and left behind liim some cans of nitro- glycerine at the point near the: premises of Mr. Sam uel Fulton. The nitro- glycerine was in wooden boxes. L'pon each side of the enclosure there was a notice of the following import — ' Danger ! Danger ! ! Danger HI Let nothing tempt to touch or even go near the contents of the enclo sure. It is nitro- glycerine,'' Not withstanding the foregoing signi ficant warning, four young men re solved to ascertain tlie effects of the explosive material, and while two of the party, Donnelly and Terry, went behind a large tree for pro tection Callegee and Hill, or one of them, threw stones at the cans of nitro- glycerine, presuming, it is supposed, that they were of suni cient distance from them to be out of danger. This terrible explosion which took place resulted in blow ing the two young men last named to atoms, and at last accounts re ceived from the scene of the tragedy not a vestige of one of them (Hill), had been found ; fragments of his clothing only had . been lodged a - mong the branches of trees near by. , Although Donnelly and Terry were shielded by the trees, the former was dreadfully lacerated from head to foot, and Terry was injured about the face, particularly one of his eyes, which he will probably lose the sight of. All the windows of Mr. Fulton's coachhouse were shattered to pieces by the shock. — New York World.' The French Government is taking stringent measures with the object of stamping out the Inter national. In addition to the num erous arrests which have already been announced, several were affect ed at Narbonne a few days ago, amongst whom were two members of the municipal council — M. Revel and M. Giraud — together with a merchant named Davies. At Cour san and at Buzac d' Aude from seven teen to twenty arrests have, it is said, been made within the past few days. A terrible murder has just been discovered at Oostmalle, near Ant werp. The wife of a small farmer named De Ceuster was on terms of criminal intimacy with a young man of the village, and in order to legitimatise their relations by mar riage, she cut her husband's throat while he was asleep at night, and buried the body in the garden. Fearing, however, that the corpse might be discovered there, she went and disinterred it the next day, and concealed it in the ground about 300 yards further away, but singularly enough she took with her two little^girls, her daughters. One of them afterwards spoke to a neighbour of what she had seen, and as the disappearance of the man ' had heen remarked, the place in dicated by the child was searched, the body found, and the woman arrested. 