BV THE EECENT FBKE. BBhave obtained from an eye-witness a BKnent, giving in consecutive order an BKnt of the destruction committed last BKhy the late bush fire in this neighbor BK^aiThe first report published was neces Bj incomplete, and although sabseqnent BKry has confirmed the main facts circa BVon Wednesday, we are glad to know BKhe number of farmers burnt oat is not HKyt.is f*? too long as it is. ?Kf fint outbreak was noticed on Monday, ?Kpf boundary between the holdings of BKp- Oarbyshire and Anstin. The fire BK)01 under, and although pronounced safe, ?V meo were left aU night to watch it, W the main body of helpers went to B}° to *n°tlier fire which had broken out ?mastiu's run, near Edlich, the black Bj\ This fire also was thought to ??extinguished. On Saturday morning ?Bands aEsembled at the Sower fire, ?We wind was getting up, and the Br? were breaking out again. By 10 ?»ck on that morning the men found the ??getting away from them towards Bya BVw,hen 't epreadoveragTCBt portion of n^J- ran, and, it is thought, joined the K l\ i- number of men then congre V 2j ™ BlS Swamp, to protect Stewart's ?e station, but the flames leapt over the ?K at the point where it was fenced on K sides, into Mr. Stewart's paddock. i'B «*' cooldcheck the dertrnctoTM ' the wind was roaring, and the grass was pretty high. Mr. W. Stewart lost all his sheep yards, drafting yards, sheepwasb, &c.;, besides nine miles of new and substantial fencing, and a considerable acreage of feed. Mr. Christie, however, managed to save hiB farm, although it was surrounded by flames on all aides, the Lyne creek considerably as sisting his operations. After sweeping Lyne station, the fire came upon the farm of Mrs. Elliott, the widow of the man who died from snake-bite some time back. The neighbors managed to get her little flock of sheep to a place of safety, but the whole of the grass, fencing, and everything else above ground except the house, which latter was saved with difficulty, was destroyed. Mr. James Lowrie was the next sufferer, who lost all iuB fencing and grass, but fortunately saved bis house, stockyard and stacks. On tbe farms of Mr. M'Master and Mr. Poynton, every thing was burnt except the houses. The wooden bridge on Branxholme road was burnt, and towards Camp Creek, the flames made a clean breach over the farms of Mr. McDonald, Mr. McLean, Mr. McMullen, Mr. Green, and one or two others, the occil pants having quite as much as they conld possibly do, to save their dwellings. Mr. Stewart, of lnverary, suffered the loss of a good deal of grass, and a considerable portion of his fences. The fire then touched the cor ner of Vines' Audley station, and ultimately found its way into the stones at Louth Swamp, where the beaters were able for a time to confine it within bounds. Through out Sunday the fire spread along the edge of the Stoues, barely touching the farm of Mr. Tompkins. With the change of wind it crossed opposite Austin's woolsbed, burning almost all that portion of the Hartou Hills run that had hitherto remained untouched. Cape Wrath and Weerongonrt were the next runs to be visited, and here there was a great loss of fencing and grass. After this the fire ran into the Stones towards the Byaduk caves, where it was put out, and the stumps rendered safe by the rain which fell subse quently. It was thought early in the week that some two or three thousand sheep had been burnt, but we learn that Mr. W. Stewart was able to muster all his sheep after the fire, and that although a few score carcases have been found on Brisbane Hill, whilst the sheep running about have been considerably Bcorched, yet it is not believed tbe loss of stock will be so great as was at first sup poBed. The total length of fencing destroyed, including division fences, &c;, must be about forty miles, and tbe estimate in orx last giving 20,000 acres as being the extent of ground covered by the fire, will probibly not be very wide of the mark. Those who assisted in trying to extingush the fire were much surprised at tie unpro tected state of some of the large runs, and the total absence of means to cope with such a calamity as the one that has visited ns. Only one man and a boy could be found on Brisbane Hill station, and there was not even a cart to convey a water-cask about for the use of the workers at a lire. Cf course, when a fire has gained headway, ani begins to look dangerous, there is plenty jf help flocking from all quarters of the crmpass, and so it was in this case, but at tba; time tbe advanc ing flames had a frontage of six or seven miles. A very few men, if on the spot at the right moment, can do vhat a hundred men may fail to accomplish in hour or two later, and it certainly seems astonishing that during tbe few months of tie summer, when the liability to bush-fires ib greatest, the large amount of property at stake on a sheep station should not be protected by a few extra hands. The fendng-in of the country has enabled the stockowuers to carry on with very few hands, except at certain busy seaBODB, but such economy in management ceases to be a virtue in times when wool is high and danger from fire imminent. 