V -'t' BTTC.TIVE FIRE.— MORE THAN t. ACRES OF LAND COVERED !'.!!' FLAMES. v, : the last few days, this district has , r, . :;..d by a number of bush- fires, the r..nf. effects of which have scarcely r:: -r.proachcd since the calamity of Black rb.hvd !v. The first alarm was caused by break at Mr Millear's Addley station, f. ,n-,es ? weeping that run, and destroying v, 1 dal of fencing and grass at Bloom- ficbi"-. and other farms. On Fridaj", the pvr-r.-.-cr at Brisbane Hill station observed a "f.'nz-- amongst the log and brush fencing of that run." and after considerable trouble he in -maged. with a little help, to get the fire tinder for that night. The flames broke out -mi Saturday, and continued all that ,V- ;.i n southerly direction, with a few p i .wards the east. The fire, at this p,r i v- as driven before tlie wind with the ,.f -i blow-pipe, in a long pointed strip eM ' " u-e than 200 yards wide. Towards even- she wind dropped, ihe fire extended in .pi ... lions at the edees, and about eleven ,-Vh.ek ou Saturday night the wind changed i- S5"B and freshened considerably. The I--., a. Messrs. Austin's run was swept, and lit wVs little short of a miracle that the wool LvsC ami homesteads were saved. The | j-t - n-i' v of the fire may be imagined when S,, '.">d that the Messrs Austin had Irnu ud ::1I 'the dead wood on the run to be accumulated in large heaps not far from one u-o-b'-r causing a conflagration, winch ex- -,o the rerr top of the trees. The lev' of stock at Brisbane Hill cannot he cor- rccllv ascertained at present; hut from the posr'hn of the sheep, and the impossibility of rescuing tln-m, it is believed tha. at least tw„ ,.r -three thousand, and probably man more, must have perished. Some of the valuable imported sheep were got into a place of safety, only to be again endangered n-i.z-... < i.n n-i it ptmnged: out it isto he hoped tl'rv ,r.-rc ultimately saved. And here it is durable that we should bear testimony to hp'-ood feeling existing between the Messrs Austin and the selectors in their vicinity, as fvidti.eed by the fact that the farmers, although their own properties were m great dangr-v. and were ultimately ravaged by the fire.' left their homes and their monery to assisi in saving the property at Biishane Hill The whole of the farms on Camp Creek, to the number of some ty, have- been completely devastated, although, iT,»G ense,,' the Veilings mere so-rea, Messrs Elliott, James Lowrie, W. I _errm, Alex. McDonald, Ewen McMillan, J. Master, Povnton. and several ethers, being consi_ derai.le sufferers. Mr John Stewart of Invc-rary, lost his fencmg and some four or five ihousand acres of grass, whiist Mr Wm. rv-F Tvup st fit ion. is advertising to- day for 'tenders to replace eight or ninemiles of fencing destroyed on lns_ rnn- three o'elotk on Sunday mor«mg, f>e j = j crossed the road to iMr M'Lellan s station, trnvoiiing with a rapidity th a ire '' mmimed horseman would find a keening pace with. Tlie loss of fencing and r-r-ih. at Gape Wrath was very heavy. lne fire got "into Mr Watson's run. where it caused considerable damage, and .fcssrs Bavles and Ittelville's Weerangourt estae also suffered to some extern. Tttle of Monivae, fortunately escaped tvith little or no injury, although at one time e P was in imminent danger. Possibly niiglii have been checked had there little more organization amongst the workers, who were using individually their best exer- tions to keep it under. Concentrated action might, perhaps, have prevented the flames from croHPing the Belfast road, but was - o intense, and everybody was so eon- fused, that nothing effectual could At :i rough calculation, it is estimate . about 20,000 acres, or upwards of thirty square miles, have been complete j tatc-il, although a much larger area has been embraced by the fire, leaving only a few patches «f country here and there unscoreheL By the last accounts the fire was stiR burning in some spots, although considerably reduced in dinif-nsions, but it is to he hoped , rain which fell yesterday would prevent "S&'SPU »« reports of fires have been recen ed, an extent of the damage may, to some exten , he inferred from the telegraphic reports. We learn that five miles of the. line between Portland and Mount Gambler have been burnt down, also two miles of telegraph line between Belfast and Portland, and morethan a mile in the neighborhood of ' The line repairers have managed to fix up in a temporary manner some of these j as to prevent large districts f.r , f entirely cut off from the communication hut to lxsiore the lines permanently wn. l cost both time and money. Consequ _ these numerous fires, the heat eP . on Saturday and Sunday was gr Ham ilt-iii than on any previous occasion this summer. The town was enveloped in smoke, and people were rushing about on t101" and Tf'.iicles,' with the view of ascertaining the extent of the threatening danger, an rc-nueiipg such assistance as lay in power it is a source of thankfulnes '.her" is now an agreeable change wet'h- , but it is to he feared that many f 1,0-0 Keen either wholly or partially ruined by the catastrophe. am son Spectator. 