ITEMS OF NJi WS. Stock and Station N ewr. —The, reports of the stock and station agents, which com monly appear on our second page, will be found in the supplementary sheet with this issue. Tun Race Ball.—The ball at the Masonic Hall, on Friday night, was attended by about seventy or eighty couples. During the earlier part of the evening, Mrs. TSastwick supplied the music on the pianoforte, and the band of Burton and Taylor's circus played for the re mainder of the night.; The supper and refreshments, which were on the most liberal scale, and of choice descriptions, were sup plied by Mr. J. Chapman, who prepared for 200 guests. On the whole, the ball was very enjoyable—the excellent playing of the band contributing, in no small degree, to the pleasure of the dancers. Medical.—We understand that Dr. Large, who recently left Wagga for change of air, has made up his mind to remain at Gundagai —for the present at least. Dr. Large's health has, . for a considerable time, been such as to almost, incapacitate him. for prac tice, and we are glad to learn that the change has so far benefitted him that he in now quite able to attend to his patients. The Secretary of tub Turf Club. — We hear with much satisfaction that it is in contemplation to present Mr. Morley, Secre tary of the Turf Club, with a suitable gift in acknowledgment of his painstaking in con nection with the late and previous meetings of the Club. The success of the Club, and the gratification of its members and our visitors are beyond question ; and there is no doubt that much of this is attributable to, the indefatigable exertions of the Secretary, whose industry throughout the meeting was untiring, and whose courtesy and attention to all claiming his services or asking informa tion were very marked and very creditable. The anxieties and responsibilities of a Turf Club Secretary are only to be appreciated by those who know the difficulties in which he may be involved by mistakes at first ap parently trifling; and we are not aware that Mr. Morley made any slips in conducting the business of this meeting. The Stewards have done the correct thing in recommend ing a bonus or testimonial to the Club's Secretary, and we hope the Committee will respond with liberality. . A Public Library.—TlieBorough Council we believe are to be asked to make an effort in the direction of obtaining a government grant towards the founding of a Public Library for the town. Some time since the Albury Council applied through the proper channel and obtained a grant of £200 which iitey expended in the purchase of books as the nucleus of a public library. They have placed their books in custody of the Mechanics Institute where they will be open for public use until other accommoda tion can be found for them. Seeing that the Albury Council succeeded in obtaining this grant there is no reason why Wagga should not be similarly dealt with, and we hope the Council will consider the matter, and act upon the suggestion. Hospital Sunday.—At the usual monthly meeting of the Committee of the Hospital, held on Monday night, the subject of arrang ing for a [Hospital Sunday" service was opened. It "was decided that it would be advantageous to have the services held simultaneously in the several Churches, and that the collections should be made before Christmas.Messrs. Tompson, Roberts, and Rose,-were appointed a Committee to settle the matter with the different Clergymen. These gentlemen made an attempt yesterday (Tuesday) to complete the business, but owing to the temporary absence of the Rev. W. Bermingham, nothing definite was con cluded. It is proposed that the Services shall be held on Sunday week, . the 14th December instj^ Death by Drowning.—A. report reached the Coroner a few days since that the dead body of a man (name unknown), had been found in a creek in the neighbourhood of Malionga station. As there appeared no pressing necessity for a Coroner's inquest, the' Sub-inspector of Police telegraphed to the officer in charge at Drana, with directions to cause a Magisterial inquiry to be held. The Opera Season.—On Saturday even ing which was the last of the Opera season the Masonic Hall was tolerably well filled, but not so crowded as on previous occasions during the week. This was of course to be expected as considerable numbers of the visitors to the races had left town for their homes. The Opera was Maritaua, Miss Alice May was in great force and Mr. Rain ford who divided the honors witli her was in particularly, good voice. For his pleasing rendering of the " Heart bowed down with: weight of care," he obtained an encore and in the third act he introduced the fine ballad "When we were boys together." Miss May was loudly cheered at the con clusion of her song "Scenes that are brightest," and in reply to calls for an en core sang ■" Kathleen Mavourneen." With an amount of enthusiasm that was almost ap proaching to an imposition the audience in sisted on hearing Miss May again and she now sans; • with exquisite feeling " The Last Hose of Slimmer.'! - The audience through out; the performance exhibited boisterous signs of pleasure and approval ; and we mu'st say that.the readiness with which the recalls were answered was moat creditable to the good linmour and endurance of Miss May. At the close of the piece the National Anthem/was sung by the whole of the com pany, and the curtain dropped on a perform ative .'which, taken all through, must be re garded as successful and from any point of view, creditable to the enterprise of those . who provided this entertainment for the delectation of our race-week visitors. Satisfactory Pricks.—A correspondent whose letter is more amusing than gram matical asks tts what is the meaning of the phi;ase " satisfactory prices" which lie so often sees iii our stock reports. He says that lie supposes that the sale would not "come.off!.' unless the prices were "satis factory" to one side or the other, or to both' and lie never can find ont who is satisfied, the vender or the vendee. We can, only answer him in this way:—The meaning of the term (speaking of the sale of a station or. stock) "satisfactory prices" is that the property has been sold for the real or apparent market .value; that it has not been sacrificed, and that while there is no occasion to inform the public of the exact amount that has passed between the parties to f^he transaction, intending buyers, and proposed sellers may know that there is nc serious interference with the market but thai demand and supply are about equally balanced. This is our notion of the meaning of " satisfactory prices" and unless it had to us 'some significance we should not so often repeat it. Is our correspondent answered ? C!h ristmas Pantomime,—We are informed thai; the Byers Troupe—who, it will be re membered, proposedplaying at the Mechanics' Institute last week—have engaged the Ma sonic Hall for the Christmas holidays. There is some talk of the troupe attempting a pantomime for the benefit of the young ■ folks. What the pantomime is to be we do not know, but presume that it will be suffi ciently " localised" to make it an attrac ; tion. Mechanics' Institute. — The monthly .meeting of the Committee of the Mechanics' Institute will be held this evening. The Race-meeting and the Settling.— As an appropriate wind-up to the most suc cessful race-meeting we have had in Wagga, the settling on Saturday came off without a hitch, and to the satisfaction of everyone interested. Most of the prominent turfites and a good sprinkling of visitors were present at the Australian, and assisted in discussing host Moxham's No. 2 after the more commer cial part of the business had been disposed of. The total amount handed over by the Club was £1785 5s., distributed as fol lows Mr. Bowler, £795 5s.; Mr. J. Iliffe, £300; Messrs. Bowen and McAlis ter, £203 10s.; Mr. J. King, £111 10s.; Mr. S. Harding, £100 ; Mr. .James Roberts, £82; Mr. H. B. Welsh, £78 ; Mr. Macnnmara, £38 ; Mr. L. liyan. £48 10s.; Mr. W. H. Williams £ 1 o"; Mr. A. A. Devlin £13 10s. ; Mr. G. Ashcroft £5 ; the customary speech making was indulged in and congratulations were plentiful. Mr. Day the Mayor of Albury, and Mr. Warden Harry Graves as visitors returned thanks for the toast which included them, and were unsparing in their praise of the mooting. Mr. Day's speech was very neat and ap propriate, and Mr. Graves declared that although lie had recently attended the Melbourne meeting he was prepared to say that both in respect of good racing and good arrangements he had seen nothing to equal the Murruuibidgee Turf Club. There is no doubt that a considerable amouut of money has changed hands during this meeting, aud the book-makers were in full force ; but we have not heard of defalcations or " barneys" such as discredit sport. En couraged by the unquestionable success of this years doings it is probable that the Club will be even more ambitious in their arrangements for next year. Building Sociktv.—The usnal monthly meeting of this Society was held at the Pas toral Hotel on Saturday evening, the 29th November, the last day of the month falling on Sunday. Owing to the reaction (it is presumed) consequent on the excitement which had prevailed during the race week, the majority of the shareholders forgot to put in an appearance, and in consequence the amount of lines was unusually great. New shaves to the value of £190 were taken tip, of which £170 was paid in in full. The prospects of the Society in its new official year are said to be most promising. Accidents.—A man named Curtis, who had fractured his thigh, on the race- course, on Friday, was received in the Hospital, and is now under the care of- Dr. O'Connor. The accident was occasioned by a fall from horseback. Dr. O'Connor has also another case under his care, which is of a difficult and painful character. This is the case of a man named M iller, who was thrown from his horse at Alfred Town on Sunday, and who sustained severe injuries te both of his eyes. One of the eyes was in a shocking state, maggots having attacked the wound and perforated the flesh all round. Both patients are doing well, and will, no doubt, recover under the treatment of the doctor, and the care of the wardsman. The Church of England Bazaar.— Despite the prognostications of those who considerecfthat the opera would operate un favourably to the success of the Bazaar, it turns out that a very handsome gross re tnni is tho result; and the ladies are to be congratulated on the , effect of their laudable exertions in the cause of their church. The Bazaar althongh nominally closed' on Friday night was opened again on Saturday for the disposal of goods yet un purchased, arid we learn that the, total re ceipts-amount to about £050. When we consider the fact that the Masonic Hall was filled every night of the race week, that Burton and Taylor with their enticing circus liad crowded seats each evening of their s^ay, it is most satisfactory to those who occupied themselves with the business of the'bazaar to know that so large an amount of money has been added to the. Church fund. Wa<?ga Wagga Hospital.— The ordinary monthly meeting of tho Committee of the Hospital was held on Monday evening, the following members being presentMessrs. Wall (in the chair), Rose, Love, Forsyth, Scriven, with Drs. Wren and O'Connor, and ■ the Secretary. The minutes of the previous meeting having been confirmed, a letter was read from Dr. Large, tendering resignation of his office as Medical Officer to the Hos pital. ^ The resignation was accepted. It was reported that the arrangements for hold ing '^Hospital Sunday" services in the Churclj had not yet been completed, and that the Committee were, therefore, unable at presjent to bring up a report. The Com mittee discussed briefly some matters con nected with the,painting contract of Messrs. Samways and Moiser, arid an application from Air. Pendleton, with reference to short payment of bis account for bedding ; and these matters were referred to the Sub committee. The following accounts were ordered for paymentInsurance, £2 15s.; W. Bruce,, bread, £1 19s. 7d.; Nash, milk, £1 7s.; M'Intosh, funerals, £510s. The Sub-committee for the month were ap pointed as follow Messrs. F. A. Tompson, Roberts, and Love. Visiting Committee: Messrs. Baylis, Cotteo, and Mair. Dreadful Murder at the Bushman's near Eoklks.—The following which we take from the Empire is supplied by the Bush man's jLead correspondent. of that journal. The letter is dated November 24 :—The people | here were horrified yesterday, on the arrival of the coach from Forbes, bringing information of the body of a man having i been found tied to a tree about eight miles from here, with his throat cut. On making further inquiry, I learned that tho murdered man was found about 100 feet from tlie^ road, and that his legs were tied to n sapling with a coat-strap. A razor was found in his swag, and a knife in his pookot. There is as yet no clue to the murderer, or to the cause for which the crime was perpetrated. There will be an inquest held to-day. The Race Tip.—This is what the Fats Courier isays of the tip of "Dagworth, the Thinker " -Wagga Wagga is in the throeR. of oxcitcment.' The Opera troupe are <1 raw ing great house's. 'Burton's circus is doing a heavy business. The Church of England folk arc making friends with the mammon of —well, of worfdlincss— and arejnaking their bazaar a success. " Dagworth's " tip in the Advertiser of Wednesday-morning.' was somewhat remarkable. He named Moun taineer and Friendless first and second for the Cup, Statesman lirst fur the Produce Stakes, and Komeo or Chancellor first for the Maiden Plate. It is not every day that such a tip as that is given. Who Wants Bosh-f.ihes?—" Bush-fires wanted ! " writes the ' Gcelong Ailnertiser. To the ' uninitiated this', will appear strange ; but it is no less strange than true. It is now so long since some of the stations in the forest country have been visited by a bush-lire that'the,-grass is so tall and rank that neither sheep nor cattle will eat it. A large landowner in the Cressy district also attributes the presence of locusts to the fact that there have been so few.bush-lires lately to destroy their eggs. . He states that some times a person can travel balf-a-rnile and see but very few of these pests, and then come to another half-mile so crowded with them that the herbage is literally hidden from view." Blasting Accident.—The Duih/ yeiht reports a terrible accident with dynamite:-— " Yesterday (Sept; 30) a most distressing nccident occurred at Lydney Lock, at which place the canal is being deepened for ship ping accommodation. ; In the removal of the rock beneath the water, dynamite is used for explosive purposes. It appears that six men were engaged in these operations, and were upon some floating planking. The dynamite is lowered in bags, and discharged by means of a wire attached to a battery. The men had strict orders, in the absence of the manager, Mr. Holbrough, not to apply the charge. This, however, they dis regarded, and while holding several packets of the dynamite to place in a bag for the charge, the wire referred to came into con tact therewith,- and a frightful explosion followed, literally blowing into atoms one man named Richard Barnfield, living at Lydney ; two other men, named Frederick aEd Henry Harris, brothers, receiving fright ful injuries, one of whom is reported to have . died last night at Gloucester Infirmary. The flesh of the men was blown in all directions ; bones, fingers, and other portions of the body being found at considerable distances. A vessel close .at hand had its fires blown out, but fortunately no one was 011 deck." Kikg Priam's Chest.—The London cor respondent of the Jl/anchestee Guardian says : —"The discovery of the reputed treasure chest of King Priam of Troy is at present at tracting the attention of the antiquarian world, and promises to be the forerunner of a series of investigations. I am in a position to state that the estimated value of the relic as mere metal is '20;000 thalers, or £3000. ;The discoverer, Herr Scliliemann, is not a scholar by profession, but a retired merchant, and the fact of his wife being an Athenian has induced him to present the magnificent "find" to the Royal Museum at Athens, 011 the condition, however, of having absolute liberty to excavate at Mycena;. The treasure chest, whether Priam's or not, is of great antiquity, and its value as an art treasure is from twenty to a hundred fold the amount I have "already mentioned; and so impressed was Herr Scliliemann with its extreme pre ciousness, that he carried it off himself in the night, fearing to betray the magnitude of his discovery to the suspicion or cognisance of the workmen. , This Trojan Horse- Employed as a Smuggler. - The French Customs authori ties recently discovered that a new mode of smuggling has been adopted. The number of rocking-horses for Paris suddenly in creased ; indeed it appeared that a sort of mania had . taken possession of children's minds. Suspicion being at length excited, one of the horses was opened. Packed inside, was a large quantity of choice cigars and tobacco. The rocking-horse, iu faot, was a Trojan horse modernised. 