FARMING EXTRACTS FROM VIC-" "TORTAN, "NEW VSO'DTff."WALB3, AND _r QUEENSLAND PAPERS. New hay has been finding its way into the Melbourne market for some time past in conse quence of high-prices.; The "bright colored, . sweet;scented hay, so common of old, is seldom seen in. the market now." - Nodoubtthis is partly owing to 7 rain during the.-haymaking .season, but partly also to it,s being left about tie field-in swathes—a pernicious practice, rh 7 The National -Sooiety of Victoria has .pro . nounced most decidedly - against cultivating 'hedges, or' permitting, shade in grazing fields—' to tis a most mi3taikenvdbcieion.. Mr: McDou'gall Jooks .upon trees-as.the occasion of the unequal fertilization of grazing grounds—the manure being principally deposited beneath them. Both live fences and timber belts he described as .useless and obstructive. We do not imagine the "unequal fertilization" of pasture lands will Be. considered generally as an adequate reason for the undoubted benefit of shade to the poor anim'alsV and the many advantages to be derived from timber cultivation. No doubt stone walls would often be useful .to stop bush-fires, but stone walls will never .take tbe place of posts and rails, and live hedges would vastly improve the: appearance of the oountry without neces sarily endangering it. : It is noted by the Argus as a remarkable fact that, although the last Show of the National Agricultural Society was such a grand success, iu-cOs't far less-than:any of its inferior predeces sors. Notwithstanding an immense reduction in the value' of the prizes, the Show, in its leading agricultnraljieatures, was superior to -its predecessors,;o.u .which heavy money prizes had beea ; lavished. The mechanical portion could not be better. The shorthorn classes were never so numerously or so oreditably filled. Of the long-woolled sheep the same also may with truth be said. It is evident that in the whole of these classes the money value of the prizes was not the incentive to exhibit, bur the more legitimate desire 'to attain a leading position. Down to' the end of October, dry weather was much complained of in many parts of New South Wales, although from most quarters the young .wheat and cereals were referred to hopefully. At the Hunter red rust is spreading in all directions. From all quarters . the cry was—rain, rain. The Dubbo Dispatch says :— " The country on all sides is looking very dry, and unless we have a smart downpour shortly there is every reason to fear that the'summer feed will, in the vicinity of the town, at all events, be remarkably scarce. For wesks, rain has threatened without falling, and people have now, in the face of previous disappoint ment, given up the idea of such a welcome visitation.- • To farmers and squatters* rain "just now would.be remarkably plsasiugj but we sup pose it is, like'in dry rammer here, a case of living in hope" Still,r advices from all the New South Wales pastoral "districts state that " so far, 'cattle and sheep are in first-rate-order, and that- shearing is going on most stcisfactorily. - -'The -Wagga Express gives instances of wonderful lambings, at one ■Station'- in" the Manaro, District 99.1 per cent, being marked. The Pastoral Times (Denili ,;quin) says—" Steamers continue to pass from the stations above' Boarke, well laden with wool and other produce, and a further rise of the water is anxiously looked for to enable the balance of the wool to be sent away by the riven We fear, however, that appearances are now' quite against the navigation of the Dar ling being open for more than a few weeks from the present time."—The Forbes Times observes —" Most of the orops Have already suffered to such an extent as to preclude'.the. hope of any thing like a, harvest, and the probability is that forage -next year- will hold at extreme rates. ■ The grass has a withered, parched-ajipearance, \- and back water is rapidly drying up. On the Buirawang runs they are commencing to shoot wild horses next week. The proprietor informs us that on these runs alone there are upwards of 'two thousand, and the spoliation of con served.-.water by them is something terrible. Immense quantities of wool are constantly passing through for Sydney. In some sheds the shearing is already over, whilst many have not yet commenced." • Since" this date, it will be seen by our tele grams that there has been an unusually large rainfall for the season. The Queenslander says that, in some experi ments _ to determine the effect of special manures on the growth of weeds in conjunc tion: wr-h clover, it. was found that when the land was totally unrriaimred, the weeds formed 57 par cent, of the entire yield. Nitrogenous manures effected but little : improvement, phosphatic mixtures somewhat greater, whilst gypsum reduced the proportion of weeds to 1'9 per cent, only." 'But before any one assumes from- this result that gypsum is a general anti dote to weeds, and applies it accordingly on all j soils and to all crops, he m 1st remember that' gypsum. i3 a specific manure for the clovers, and gives'po wer to struggle successfully with the weeds and crowd them. out. Secondly, it was evident that the soil was. not naturally gypsif.Grous. Hence the peculiar weeds there present had an "advantage over the clover. But a gypsum soil has its own assortment of weeds, which are as much at home there as clover. Hence the only legitimate conclusion is this— give a plant its favorite manure, and it will master weeds that do not relish such manure. In .Queensland there is a friendly contro versy going forward as to the relative merits of 'shorthorns and Hereford's.' /'. Dr. Jenkins, 7 of Calandopn, ■ isith'e champion, of shorthorns, but j be finds his match in Mr. Alexander Wyndham, who is enthusiastic for Herefords, of which, he possesses a choice stud' herd. : Air, "Wyndhain concludes with a challenge, that—" Let.- him bring'his shorthorn' 'Noble Arthurs' and others grass-fed, and compete against my Herefords by 'Trojan'and 'Young Carlisle,' also grass-fed, that the public may be able to form an opinion which breed is most suitable to'the require ments of tbel district," , . y' ■ J . 