i DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES. More than 30,000 Acres of Land . Covered by the Plames. Daring tbo last few days, this district has been visited by a uumbor of bush- fires, tho disastrous effec's of which have scarcely been approached since the calamity of Blaok Thursday. The first alarm was caused by an outbreak at Mr. Milloar's Addley station, the flameB swooping that rao, and destroying a good deal of feucing and grass at Bloomfield's and other farms. On Friday, tho ovoraeor at Brisbane Hill station observed a blaze amongst the' log and brash fencing of that run, and after considerable trouble he raau- agod, with a little helD, to get tho fire under for that night. The flames broke out again on Saturday, aud continued all that day in a southerly direction, with a few pointa towards tho east The fire, at this, time, was driven beforo tho tyiad with the force of a blow-pipe, in a long pointod strip not more than 200 yards wide. Towards evening, as the wind slackened, the fire extended in all directions at the edges, and about 11 o'clock on Saturday night the wind changed to S.S.E , and freshened 'considerably. The whole of Messrs. Austin's run wa3 swept, and it was littlo short of a miracle that tho wool- qhods and homesteads were saved. Tho intensity of the fire may ho imaginod when it is stated that the Messrs. Austin had caused all the dead wood on tho run to bo accumulated in large heaps not far from one another, caus ing a conflagration which extended to the very top nt tno trees. The loss of stook at Brisbane Hill cannot bo correctly ascertained at present, bat from the position of tho sheep, and tho impossibility of rescuing them, it is believed that at least two or three thousand, and probably many more, must have perished. Some of the valuable imported sheep were got into a place of safety, only to be again endangered when the wind changed, but it is to ba hoped thoy were ultimately saved. And here it is desirable that we should bear testimony to tho good feeling existing between the Messrs!. Austin and the selectors in their vicinity, as evidenced by the fact that the farmers, although their osvn properties were in great danger, and were ultimately ravaged by the fire, left their homes and their ma chinery to assist in saving the property at Briabano Hill. The whole of the farms on Camp Creek, to the number of some forty or fifty, bavo been comDletcly devastated, although, in most caRes, the dwellings were saved, Messrs. Elliott, JameB Lowrie, W. Perrin, Alex. M'Donald, Ewen M'Millan, J. Master, Poynton, and several others, being considerable sufferers. -Mr. John Stewart, of Inverary, lost his fencing and some four or five thousand acres of trass, whilst Mr. Wm. Stewart, of Lyne statinu, is advertising to- ;day for tenders to replace eight or nine miles of fencing destroyed od his run. About three o'clock on Sunday morning, tho flames crossed the road to Mr. M'Lellan'a station, travelling with a rapidity that a well-mounted horse man would find difficulty in keeping pace with. The loss of fencing and grass at Cape Wrath' was very heavy. Tho fire got into Mr. Watson's ran, where it caused con- sidcrablo damage, and Messrs. Bayles and Melville's Weerangourt estate also suffered to some extent. Mr. Thomson, of Monivae, fortunately escaped with little or no injury, although at one time tho place was in immi nent danger. Possibly the fire might have been chocked had there been a littlo more organisation amongst the workers, who were using individually thoir heat exertions to keep it under. Concentrated aotion might, perhaps, have prevented the flames from crossing tho Belfast road, but the heat was so intense, and everybody was so confused, that nothing effectual conld be done. At a rough calculation, it is estimated that about 20,000 acres, or upwards of thirty square miles, have been completely devastated, although a much larger area has been em braosd by the fire, leaviug only a few patches of ennntry here and there unscorobed. By tbo last accounts the fire was still burniDg In soma spots, although considerably reduced in dimensions, hut it is to ho hoped that tho rain which fell yesterday would prevent further dauger. From all parts of the district similar reports of fires have beon redeived, and the extent of the damage may, to some extent, be inferred from the telegraphic reports. We l»arn tbat five miles of the lina between Portland and Mount Gambiev have been burnt down, also two miles of telegraph lino between Belfast and Portland, and more than a mile in tho neighborhood of Heywood. The line repairers have managed to fix up in a temporary manner some of these breaks, so as to prcvont large districts from being entirely cut off from the communication, but to restore tho lines permanently will cast both time and money. CouBeqnent upon these numerous fires, the beat experienced on Saturday and Sunday was grcator at Hamilton than on any previous occasion this summer. The town was enveloped in amoke, and people) were rushing about on horseback and in vehicles, with a viow of ascertaining the extent of the threatening danger, and rendering Mich assistance as tay in their power. T t is a source of thankf uluess that thero is now an agreoablo change in the weather ; but it is to be feared that many small farmers have been either wholly or porciauy ruinea Dy tno catastrophe. — Hamil ton Spectator. 