SHIPPING REPORT. PORT OF FREMANTLE. A Bni VEIJ— March 25. Gem. cotter, 52 toas, Hy. Knglisu, from Champion Bay. Passengers — Messrs. Han rock and Dixon, and Mr. and Mr*. Harvey and 2 children. Car^o — 155 bazs trlioat, 8 do barley. 5S do bran. 51 do rioUird, 153 do fiour, 21 do oatfi. Jlsrv Ann. schooner. 104 tons, 3. O'Gradv, froai rot Walcott. I'asseutrers— Colonel tt'ar borton, MesMS H. Wai burton, J. W. Loxiis.2 Afi^liatis, and ualive Cli:irley — mrmliers o! the -S. A. Kiploring Kii-cjitiin; and Messrs. --. Hon-lett. White, end M. Lnne. Car^o — 15 hhds. pearl shells, ITd Im1« wool, 18 lia^s ]-.-ail on-, I hlid. 2 -jv-r»sks tMw. I Mid pear! Gbelis, 3-N) bigs copper ore, and a qua-itity ol loose sUi-'lls and ehceps.ins. Gco. Tlioinjison, agent. Amy, 32 tons M-Knul« fr--in Ir»in Ilivcr. Carjro — 30 ba^s b.--rie}', 2G'J hags whejt, 10 Jo oatE, 1 cite tunjri-s. Miv.cn 27. Alwlcll, barque, 2!-3 tans J. II. Hondereon, from Table Itnj ; iu ballast. T. & II. i;arter &. Co., ugi.-i.ts. Mabch 30. nose, rcl-oinrr. Ut ions. Andrcrr Reid, from Port Irwin. I'assen^.r — Mr. a»d Mrs. Dmrns and chili!. Ctr^c — 132 lia.-s barley. 17 bags oals, 42 d ' 1 r.ia, 10 do flnur, and 75U da vhcat. Maech 31. Georgette, e.s , 21 1 tons, Gordon McKinnon, from I'ort Adelaide Marcli 20; via Albnny, Itnsselton, and Itnnbnry 30th initt. I'afBenpers — From Adelaide: Mrs. Dow, Mits Dow, XlisB I-a«ris, Mis! Godfrey, and Messrs. Davis Moore, and Ileiininp. kol.t . King & Son, agents. SAILED.— \1aecb: 2G. Arabian. 35 tois, WatEon, for Clumpioii Bay. Cargo— 290 pieces timber. 25 tia^E polntocs, 2 kegs butter, 4 boxes apples, 18 casss oilmen's stores, I bale canvas, 10 cases gin, 10 tierces pnrler. 8 cases suudries. 10 iihds ale, aud 14 ptgs EUi.dries. MAtca 39. Alert. 19 tons, Kelly, for Ranbary and Vasse. Cargo — 12 cases spirits. 1 J-rasks'icrrv, 20 bags Silt, CO l«i£*s sasar, Rtitl sutidri -s. CI.KAItEDOUl'. Ansdell, tmrqne. 293 tons, J. H. Ilcidersm, (or Vassc i in ballast. Toe Euiltcxke. — After various dilays this onfoitnnate ressel has Ihn'ii towed orer to harden I.-ljnd, and eue umv lies in Careening Bay. hove down, ready for inspection and repair. We understand that it is entirely by the perseverance of Mr. Geo. Thompson, the vessel's agent, who lias bad to overcome many diffi sullies, that means to effect the overhaul bave been obtained ; an i it is to be Loped no hitch niil now occur to interfere with Ihe satisfactory and prompt completion of the work. The Emilienne is a remarkably strong, well built vessel ; eue is constructed entirely of oak, and is only twelve je.irs old. 1131\. Gcxboat Beagle.— Tiiis miniature man-o! war, which is one of a fleet of craft that wer-! built in Sydney list year for the express purpose of putting down kid napping amoug the aboriginal natives of Australia, has tor some time past be.-n engaged ut our pearl-shell fishery on the North -west coast. Laving come by way of Torres Straits and Purl- Darwin. No re|-ort has yet been published of the icOTcmeotE of the Itea^lc in these waters, but we have no doubt Capt. Itendcll has found ample work wherenith to o-copy bis time. We uuderstand that daring liis stay at the North-west he eanr and «'Xamined nearly every boat engaged at the fishery, and was particular in ascertaining that in every case ot a native engagement the Liu had been complied vii.li. Ju other matters, also in einnpction nitti tbe fi'lit-n, Capt. Uendell interested himself, and vv-- understand that the in-esunoe of the Uciple on our coast 1ms Lad in many wsiys a veay ro.issurin^ rfivct both on the employers and the employed, and that there was a general expression of feeling; on ihe banks that au occasional visit of one of these cruises nould net be without its good results. Tin limgle is a fire-aud-aft ivt;«t rakisli- lookiu; schooner, of 80 tons roister, iq'ial to about l'J.0 tons builders' rtli'asuroili. lit. H-:r oITictc ??onsjsl ol lyieaU V. J. Ucndeil rnd Sub -1-iout. L'udernrood; tlie only Mipcrtiumcrary officer bi-in» pamirr Nightingale. The ship'-- com pauy consists of .21 hands all told, aud the v-« el's arniauicnt, exclusive of baud neapons. coi^sts of o:i!y one Armstrong pivot pun ; Iml her appoin' meiits throughout are just Kicli as wouM be looki-d for in a i-essc-I eu^aged in the service for v:\iirti elio is specially intended, t'apt. Kendt-ll remains here until the arrival of the uexl Colonial ^lail, by which ii is probable he will receive iustrucLions to proceed direct to Sydney. WllECK OF THE UARCtTJE CHAtMECS. ? We briefly announced the loss of this vessel in our last issue The folkminp additional larticulars of the vessel aud tlie accident linvc n aclied us ; but a fuller account will be joblisbed ou the clise of the enquiry which is mnT bi.ijr insutnted before a roinpeteut tribunal at Pec man .le. The wreck sud stores are advertised to be eilJ by Messrs L. Samson & Son to day. It appears that the Chalmers sailed from Mnuritius on tbe 7lli February last, with 170 tons of sugar on board, belongla; principally to Mr. J . H. Monger. The vessel ivas consijnfd to Mr. U. Shenton. Before l;avin» Mauritius ihe Chalmers liai been newly purchased end had undergone a thorough overliaul. Her tonnage is 600 regitler; aud she is commanded by Capt. William Alexander. AH went well from the time of her leaving Manritias up to Thursday evening, tlie 19tii March, at 11 f-ta., when tbe vessel was goin« about, and, drilling EUrnway. etiuck on the Murray Reef, dose to where 4he Georgette met her fate. Capt Alcxa lder, who Lad been here before as an officer iu the barque Bridgetown, says that be took a bush-fire for Rottnest li^ht, and when finding out bis error he was just upon patting the vessel about when ehc drifted stermvay and came ia contact with the reef. Thevcsse' and hercareo* are reported to be insured. Tbe Chalmers is a total wreck, and lies billed where she struck ; the whole of her cargo bviag lost, with th« exception of sixteen haps of sugar. The authorities at the l'orl rendered every assistance p--s-dblu, in the way of seuOln; Lo.its and other cecessaries, and theexpertneS;disj)Ui.ved is creditable alike to the Water 1'olice luiid the Harbor Master's deja tnent. The Ansdeli. comes from Capetotrn, Table Bay, and is consigned to Messrs. T. & H. Carter & Co. Immediately on arrival a charter to load with Jarrali for £outh Aostr^Iia — railway bleepers for L-acepcde Ba», we believe — was secured for her, and she will proctwd at once to 'Ije Vasse. where, after discharge of ballast, she will take in her cargo. TLe Anwlrll h the third vessel that has arrived from Cape Colony within the 1-iel two mouths. All wt-rL- in search of freights, and all have obtained them without any delay. Alle-5ed Breach of Poet Regcla noxs. — It is rumoured tliat the mast-T of the srhoouer Marv Aim nill he proceeded against for a breach of the Tort Ue-ulat.ieti« in permitting a boat to loave bis vessel aud convey passengers ash«e (among v.hoaj was Colonel U'arliurton) b-.-fore the water police had boarded ai.fl made tiie customary iasicction. As, however, the Mary Ann was simply on a coasting voyage, aud not irom a port beyond eens, an opitiiou, on good aulhor'ty, has been expressed that bo viol *t ion of the rules was made in this instance, and that no cliaree ran therefore be preferred against Capt. O'Grady. It appears -hat at the time tlie boat convoying- Colonel Warburton left tlie vessel's tide, a Ii»'ht, nulavurable wind was bloniug, and as the Colons was naturally very anxious to pet ashore after s stmewhat tedious toja^e, the owner, Mr. lioivlttt, acceded to his wishes and look him to tiie neatest lending place, w'.iicli was nt tlie North jetty. Mr. Ho.vlett stat.« tliat if the I'oil inians, eocins that tl;e tioat wus trakiug fur the Mar, had ei^nalled from Artliur's Head that they wished to pice the Col.mel a i uMie recejitiin on the Sonlh Jitty, no doubt the Ciiionel tocl.l kav£ coiuu.iitt.--l to i*. and tbe disappointment tvhich resulted would have Irei-B epared. Vi;s=--18 Txpected. — Tlie Aoiiir. which i-fi ilf.il fur Fivni:iir.k- on lie -1st 1- ccmbur, ix uiakinc: a KnuH-whal l-.n^thy rtis-siire, liav'mg briii at tea I0't days. Hie uiav. Ljwevcr. have l-.vii .Ulni.nd in' ihe Kn-ti'li i'1-a iu. 1, ii: cui»-i|U(.-i-»- of flu.- l«-avy s -u b-w s crly wcail.tr wbich «'iu:ivd tU-c Sim aft r shi ! It Im ai»n. liu CliaL.T-i-.-c lo't l'l.-tu u-t'i uu :li..4 2nd tif Jv-mary, a«'J n ar th r. I re \i . U' ?.?xjMi-u-d djir* 