GRANT. '(ROM OUR OWN CORRRBBPONDENT.) During the first four days of the Now ear the weather in this locality has been umeiuallyhot, and large bushairoea are blazing in all direction. The hills are scarcely per. eeptiblo for smbke, but up to the present I have not heoard of any damage being caused except the destruction of the Brittanin tram way.already reported. Our musical critic must have experienced n delightful sensation on New Year's momrn ing on hearing the soul-ltirring strains of our local brtnd of drummere whilst ushering in the advent of the now year. The kettle drum and bell accompantment was grand. At first the time was rather wild, but the services of a new bandmaster having been enlisted, such a marked improvement was noticeabloe that even our foreign general was not proof against the martial strains of "The Girl I loft behind me," and, although in a sound dose, quickly arose from his recumbent position and gave bis counten anoe to the time-honoured custom, "The old year out and the now year in." Our drum hand can ecarcely be accused this year of playing for nobblers, as, 1 believe, with two or three acceptiona, they were all tooto tallers. To a tine prautised musical ear, no doubt the dlrum aecompaniment was rather ,demonstrative, still thoe modulations between this and the bell accompaniment were less. lng, so much so that the exhibition annot be designated as disgraceful or hideoy, not even by musical critics. Tbe only plesons likely to find fault are those who ha'e no' soul for music, and less knowledge of it, but I should scarcely think the members of the band would notice any adverse criticism from any one who would require a tin hat to make his head sound. However, if it is given, they will have one consolation; they will be able to look on it and live. It appears we still have at least one petty thief m our midst. One night a bullove slaughtered in Mr Scheer's yard was hoistel up to remain until cut down and carrid into the shop in the morning, but befoe that time some midnight prowler had visitd the carease and lightened one side to tie extent of a good few pounds. If he hal gore in for half the carcase there might ha'se been some sense in it, but to have a goed sharp knife and then only free select a fiw pounds, was not worth the trouble. I hose the thief may be discovered, as I have so sympathy with people who do dirty or men transactions for the sake of a few shilling. A fresh start has been made at the WYabr. ford bridge; an overseer and six men hive started removing the timber out of .he river, and I am informed that Mr Row.nd will arrive this week to determine on futtre operations. II the government really iutind to proceed with this work no time shoul be lost, so that when the piers are once mere boilt the weight of the upper portion ray be placed upon them before the winter aea son, and afford them at least a fair chance of being t?seod. - Not.ithetandiin all the opin. ions I have heard expressed, I still believe that if the piers are braced and iteadied with the upper portion they will stand. There is ample time to finish the whole be fore the winter season, provided no great delay is allowed to occur. / In speaking of the Dargo Flat raoes last week I forgot to state that Mr Smith's Cruiser colt broke his off shoulder whilst running. The rider states that the horse ran over 100 yards- after the bone snapped, before he came down. The animal had to be destroyed. Since makling my. relmarks hnent the late licensing court here I have seeneu and.con versed with our local licensing justice, who informs me that ever since he was appointed he always previously received from the clerk of the court a notice intimating when the licensing court would be held, but that on the last occasion none was sent to him, and that having only just returned from Mel bourne he never thought of the mitter, but that had he received notice of the court, as usual, he most certainly would haye'tteuded. He is of opinion that the notfies he pre viously received must have been'due to the courtesy of the clerk of the court consequent on good feeling, but that as " the bond of friendship had been, somewhat eabaken,' he supposed that gentleman's courtesy h'itil sailed away in the same bheat. Not but what I think our licensing Justloer'hn, a hight to have remembered,' or 'made himself ao· quainted with, the date'of the meeting. Still, having always previously received; a notice, he may naturally :have expected to geot one on the last occasion, for if the sonding of these notices was only an act of courtesy they either never should have been indulged in, or once resorted to should not have been stopped from any little potty personal feeling. It was well known that our. justio was not well posted up in the different statutes, and under.the circumstances it would not have required any great strotoho of, oficildom to have sent the usual notice, morq especially as it appears this would have saved much in convenience and loss through ·the licenses not being obtained. 