WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1874 Mr. Casey, accompanied by the Assistant Commissioner of Lands, has been on a visit to the state forests at Bullarook and elsewhere, and, judging by the account of the trip we published yesterday, his tour of inspection has not been made one day too soon. The reckless manner in which the indi- genous timber of the colony is being wasted without any adequate steps being taken to provide for future wants, is discreditable to our civilisation. We occasionally wake up to a transient sense of our duty in the matter, when, owing to some fortuitous circumstance or other, the subject is brought promi mently before the public in the columns of the press, but after a little talk, and perhaps a puny effort to do something just to ease our consciences, wc relapse intcour old habits of selfish indifference. And yet it cannot be said that we are ignorant of the folly of the course we are pursuing. We know very well the prejudicial effects which have followed the destruction of timber in other countries-how that fer- tile lands have become desert wastes, and well watered districts arid plains. We have proofs daily brought under our notice, also, of the important part whicli forests play in the destruction of ma- laria and the general purification of the atmosphere, and yet, while no one thinks of denying or even doubting the facts adduced, they, aro not allowed to have any practical effect on. our proceedings. It seems as though people were determined to take no thought for the morrow-to make the most of the country while they live, leaving as a legacy to their children the task of repairing .their, ravages. It would be well, perhaps, if they be thouchtJihemselves betimes of tho cruel wrongs they are thus inflicting on posterity. The licences issued at present allow the licensees to roam all over the forests without let or hindrance. The conse- quence is, of course, that all the beat trees are singled out and felled, without anything approaching to system or economy. Attempts have been made here and there to form temporary reserves) but it is with the utmost dif- ficulty that the sawyers and splitters can be kept out of them. "Whenever these " demons of destruction" cast covetous eyes on any particular tree, it is found almost impossible to save it from their clutches, fences and prohibitions to the contrary notwithstanding. But it is not so much what they take as what they waste that is to be regretted. The branches of the trees, which would make excellent fire- wood are never used, but left on the ground to decay, or else furnish fuel for the first bush-fire that may be kindled. We are told that the amount of stuff these "destroying angels" send to mar- ket " bears a very insignificant propor " tion to the quantity of timber they " waste in getting the same." The chance of young trees springing up to supply the place of those removed does not seem very great, for those which are spared by the fires are " too generally " cutdownforprops or other purposes." In fact, as far as we can gather from the report, it would be difficult to devise a system better adapted than the presont to promote the waste of the national property, and to secure at an early date the destruction of all the native timber in the neighbourhood of every centre of population. We are told that one of the objects of Mr. CASEY'S visit to Bullarook was to see whether he ought not to put a plan in operation which was, some time ago suggested-by himself, ?wieroby the licensees, instead of being allowed to roam about at will, would be confined to certain defined areas, within which they would be made responsible for the protection of the trees from fire, and the cultivation of young trees in place of those destroyed. No doubt the design is good. A licensee should be required to clear one spot before pro- ceeding to another. The timber not fit for sawn or split stuff should bo cleared away for firewood, and when this had been done, and the ground properly planted with young trees to the satisfaction of the department, the licensee might fairly have another area allotted to him. But Ve submit that before any such schema could be effectually carried out, it would be necessary to place the management of our state forests on a very different foot- ing. It would be absurd to suppose that the sawyers and splitters would con- form to any such regulations unless hey -were well looked after. The supervision of the present Crown lands bailiffs would be altogether inadequate to insure compliance with the rules. They have other duties to perform of an arduous nature, whick would frequently necessitate their ab- sence from the scene of operations, and while they were away it would be idle to suppose that the conditions of the licence would be very closely adhered to. Then, again, the proviso regarding the fostering of young timber would surely remain a dead letter unless some one was constantly about to see that saplings were not converted into props, &c;" after the fashion at present in vogue. It appears to us, then, that if we are to do any good we must give up our present method of dealing with thia matter, and determine to have a forest department in deed as well as in~name. No one can doubt that the steps taken hitherto to protect the Crown timber and to replace that which has been consumed or wasted have been wholly inadequate. Neither the Parlia- ment nor the Government has appeared to realise what is required in this mat- ter. And yet it is of infinitely more , importance to the future of the country than ninetenths of the questions which command attention and provoke discua sion in the political arena. There is no reason that we can see why a thoroughly efficient forest department should be any burdon on the state, for the licence fee ought to more than cover both the coat of supervision and renewal. We have no right to expect a revenue from this source unless it comes in the shape of a surplus left after defraying the expense of conservation and maintenance, for if we neglect either of theso duties we do an irreparable in- jury to those who will come after ua, by impairing the fertiliiy of the country, depriving it of its natural beauty, and rendering it a less healthy place of abode. Sir. Casey has done some good things as an administrator already, and if he can only succeed in putting our forest affairs on a satisfactory footing, he will place the country under an obligation of no inconsiderable mag- nitude. A short time since it waa announced that what ia called the "staff system" was to be put in force on the North- Eastern Railway, which, having only a single track, requires to be worked with great care and regularity. There was to be only one " staff," whatever this talis man may consist of, for each of the sections into which the line was to be divided, and no train was to be allowed, to traverse any section without being in possession of the "staff" appertaining thereunto. It is evident that if such a system were rigidly adhered to, collisions, except at the ends of each section, would be impossible. A short time since the plan was put into operation, but it is not calculated to impress the public with its efficacy to read so soon that "in " consequence of an infringement of the " staff system regulations in force on the " North-Eastern line a gate over the rail- ." way at Essendon was recently smashed "'by a goods train." It is evident that if it is possible for a train to go careering about the line without having the sec- tional "staff" in its possession, the system 'is a farce—worse than useless, because it is calculated to give the driver of another train who has possession of the article a feeling of false security. 'This is bad enough, but worse remains 'behind. "After an inquiry into the " matter, the Commissioner of Railways " has resolved not to enforce the penalty "of dismissal against the driver of the ""train, Thomas Purves, which penalty His our latter has rendered himself liable to ; but inasmuch as Purves's conduct, as ." shown by the conduct-book, is any " thing but satisfactory, Mr. Gillies " has deemed it necessary to inflict on " him such a punishment as is likely to ." deter others from any repetition of the ." offence. Purves, therefore, has been ." reduced to the bottom of the fourth ?" class of engine-drivers, and has also " been required to pay the cost of the " broken gate." Now, we have no wish to press heavily on any man, and we admit the penalty inflicted is severe, but we most decidedly contend that it does not meet the requirements of the case. When the safety of the public is at stake every other consideration should be put aside. This man has clearly shown that he is not fit to hold the very responsible position of engine-driver —a position in which the lives and limbs of hundreds .of his fellow-creatures daily depend on his care and conduct. It is not only his reckless carelessness in ignoring the provisions made for the public safety, as exemplified in the Essendon case, of which we complain it is the further and general disqualification exhibited by the conduct-book, which shows that his behaviour has been " anything but satis " factory." Does Mr. Gillies think he is justified in entrusting human life to the care of such a man ? What would a jury in an action for compensation for injuries recoived through the lachea of such an official say concerning the conduct of the Minister who retained him in the service after the warning given by the Essendon accident? If 'Thomas Purves must be retained in Government employment, surely some post might be found for him in which he would have no chance of smashing gates or passengers. In watching the tactics of the oppo- nents of secular education in different parts of the British empire, it ia inter- esting to observe the uniformity of motivo which actuates tho denomi nationalists. When tho Royal Commis ¡sion of 1867 sent in its report to the ?Governor of this colony, that document called special attention to what it desig- nated as the "just and_ forcible observa " tion " of a teacher writing from one of the country districts. He said-" Each '" denomination has a fixed idea that the " day school is a nursery or feeder '" to the church, and that there is ." necessarily something wanting in '" any school which is not ruled " directly by each respective congroga " tion." In the July number of The Monthly Paper of the National Society-, an association formed in the mother ?country for the promotion of the educa- tion of the poor in the principles of the 'Church of England-there is an exceed- ingly frank admission to the samo effect., After showing that tho schools of the Establishment aro hostile to Noncon- formists, it proceeds to argue that the pupils in thom serve to strengthen tho, ecclesiastical and political position of the' former. "These children," says the -writer, " will one day be householders, " and tho maintenance of tho church's " position and endowments will depend " chiefly upon thoir votes. If the church " has made aproper use of her schools, her ?" grown up children will know howtomake " a proper use of what they have learnt, " and will manfully defend her." This ingenuous acknowledgement will help to explain tho object of the curious alliance which has been entored into by the Ejviscopalian andRoman Catholic Churches in Queensland, in opposition to tho estab- lishment of a national system of educa- tion, while it also elucidates the conduct of the oldest of ecclosiostical organisations in Tasmania, when it endeavours to secure tho independent control of one fifth of the grant annually voted by the legislature for purposes of public in- struction. It is not the education of the people that is aimed at,but their indoctrina- tion with the tenets of a particular sect -or denomination. The state, however, 'has nothing to do with the latter, while it recognises its duty to secure the for- mer, and to do so in such a way as to break down artificial distinctions of class and creed, and to promote the har monious co-operation of citizens of every faith. This is what our own system pro- mises to effect, and it is not unreasonable to hope that neither the mother country nor the other Australian colonies will .disdain to follow the beneficial example .which has been thus set them. It was erroneously telegraphed from Lon. on on Monday that " an advance in the rate .of discount is expected." A telegram re- ceived last night makes an important cor : ration. The message should have read: "A reduction in the rate of discount is ex- pected." Mr. Wrixon addressed a numerously attended meeting of the electors of Belfast last night. From the telegraphic report which appears elsewhere it will be seen that the hon. member again enunciated his well known views relative to electoral reform, and also expressed himself as opposed to the system of payment of members. , The Minister of Lands was yesterday asked by a deputation representing the Ancient Order of Foresters, headed by Mossrs. Whiteman and Bent, M.L.A.'s, for a piece of land for a hall for the society. Some time _go Mr. Casey was asked by the order tor an allotment in Swanston-street, near the County Court, but ho declined the request, on the ground that the land there was too valuable. Yesterday the deputation applied for a piece of the Tank-reserve, Eastern- hill, or for an allotment near the Children's Hos- pita!, Elizabeth-street. Mr. Casey replied that both pieces had been previously applied ior on behalf of public or other institutions, and that neither was available for the Order ?of Foresters ; and he added that, as so little Crown land in Melbourno wos now at the disposal of the state, ho should not consent to tho giving away of any more. Mr. Casey seems determined to continue "his warfare with land dummies and their employers. Ile was yesterday waited upon "by a member of the firm of Messrs. Vaughan, Youle' "and Seddon, solicitors for the Colo, nial Bank, who wished to know why the de- partment had refused to accept rent for the Wharparilla run, Echuca district, and who also desired to tender the same. Mr. Casey informed him that the rent had been re- fused becauso representations bad been .made to the department that dummyism had been carried on to some extent on the run, -and that the pastoral tenant wau implicated therein, and that, until an inquiry had boon held into the matter, no rent would be re- ceived for the run, and no pastoral licence would bo issued. We understand that the same course is to be pursued with regard to several other runs by the department. The following tenders, called by the Vic- torian Water Supply department, were the lowest sent in :-Timber flumes, main Cou. ban channel, Castlemaine district, John Mathieson, £1,187 2s. Gd.; construction of culverts same district, Mooney and Robert- son, £4,554 12s. 7d. Theso tenders will be referred to the engineor-in-ehie£ for water supply for consirleraHnTi^and the decision o£ the hoard regarding them will be made known to-morrow. The Minister of Lands and Agriculture, accompanied by the secretary of agriculture, intends paying an official visit of inspection at the close of this week to the selections in the counties of Bendigo, Rodney, Gunbower, and Gladstone. A special visit will also be paid to Corop, whero great damage has re- cently been done by floods, with the view of making suitable arrangements for the expen diture of the sum of money voted by Parlia- ment. An application was made to his Honour Mr. Justice Williams, sitting in chambers, yesterday, for leave to appeal to tho Privy Council against the recent decision of the full Court in the case of The Alma Consols Company, Maryborough, v. Tlie Alma Ex tended Company, Maryborough. In the first instance the plaintiffs applied to Mr. Justice Molesworth for an injunc- tion to restrain the defendants from mining on some land .claimed by the former under alease from the Crown for ID years, for mining purposes. The defendants relied on a grant in fee simple, dated after the lease, in favour of one Patrick Doyle, who had, prior to the lease, held the land under a licence issued pursuant to section 42 of the Land Act of 1805. Mr. Justice Moles- worth decided in favour of the defendants, on tho ground that the grant in fee took priority over the lease. The full Court, how- ever, held that the lease had priority, and decided in favour of the plaintiffs, ordering the injunction to ¡Bsue. Mr. Justice Wil Hams granted the leave to appeal on the following conditions :-The Alma Extended Company to give security for £500, to,prose- cute the appeal and pay the costs already in- curred hy the Alma Consols, Company, the latter giving a bond to return the costs if the appeal should be allowed, the ground in dispute to be worked by the Alma Consols Company, whose manager must make a statutory declaration fort- nightly of the amount of the gold taken out of the ground and of the expenses of obtain- ing it, and to give security to return the surplus realised after payment of working expenses to the Alma Extended Company, providing their appeal be successful. Mr. Templeton, P.M., one of the justices of the Fitzroy Licensing Bench, was called upon yesterday, before his Honour Mr. Justice Williams, to show cause why a pub- lican's licence should not bo given to Amos Spool for the National Hotel, Brunswick street, Fitzroy- When Spoor applied for the licence at Fitzroy, it was shown that ho had given a bill of sale over his property to his wife, the only con- sideration being love and affection, and the nominal sum of £1. The Bench refused the licence, and the applicant then called upon Mr. Templeton to show cause why ifc should not be granted. Mr. Templeton yes- terday stated that he had mainly refused the licence on account of Spoor's own evidence, and because he was convinced the application was made on behalf of some one else. Hel relied on the 51th section as a justification' for his decision. Mr. Justice Williams ruled that the Bench below had acted properly, and upheld their decision. The joint committee of the Chamber of Commerce, the Shipowners' Association, and the Shipping and Underwriters' Association, held their first meeting on Monday last since their late deputation to the Chief Secretary on the subject of the formation of a Marine Board and Harbour Trust. The object of the meeting was the appointment of a secre- tary, and the secretaryship was in the first instance offered to Mr. Cowderoy, secretary to the Chamber of Commerce, but he declined its acceptance on account of his time being so fully occupied with other things. Letters were then read from Mr. Kees, of the Custom-house ; and Mr. Mouritz, late secretary of the Low lying Lands Commission, applying for the secretaryship, and taken into con- sideration, but nothing was decided upon in reference to either. It was thought better, indeed, to advertise for a secretary, so that the committee might have an opportunity of securing the services of a gentleman of the best talent and the largest experience the colony could afford, and this was accord- ingly determined upon. As the Government are to supply the funds for the payment of the secretary, they will, wo suppose, expect to have some voice in the matter. The accounts with which Mr. Archer fur- nish es us from year to year of the number of vines and the acreage of the vineyards n Victoria, with the quantity of grapeB grown, and the wine manufactured, are very in- teresting, But there is not, and never has been, so far as we are aware, any record of the cultivation of the vine in the different districts of the colony with information as to the varieties which experience has proved best suited to each district. With a view to the supply of this want, Mr. Wallis, secre- tary for agriculture, has addressed a cir cular to all the leading vinegrowers in Victoria, requesting information on these and all other points in connexion with vine culture and wine making likely to be in- teresting or useful. Of the importance of Buch a step it is impossible to form too high an estimate, but the replies to the questions, in Mr. Wallis's circular must not be given perfunctorily, or even too curtly, if the objects he has in view are to be attained. Primarily, we presume, Mr. Wallis wishes to collect and diffuse the soundest information on this subject, both at home and abroad, and secondarily, to bring the vinegrowers into closer communication with each other, so that all may go hand in hand in the develop, ment [of this particular branch of industry, "By whom was the vine first introduced to your district, what is the date of its intro- duction, and where was it first cultivated ? is Mr. Wallis's first question, which will pro- bably bring out several competitors for the honour in most of the districts ; and that is followed by sixteen others, which, if care- fully answered, may be the means of doing much good. Our vignerons should aid and assist Mr. Wallis in this attempt to benefit the colony by getting up a reliable record of all that is important in connexion with this subject. For 10,000,000 vines, and 0,000 acres of vineyard, in Mr. Archer's statistics of production for 1873, we should soon be able to read 20,000,000 vines, and 12,000 acres of vineyard. A little more experience is all we want to make this one of our most profitable blanches of industry. The Bendigo Advertiser points out the foi. lowing curious association of names in con nexion with polico mattera :-" Can it be possible that during the absence of the hons. tho Ministers of Mines and Lands from their respective departments, they have not only delegated their duties to others, but invested their representatives with thoir names? If so, when the Ministers roturn, and inquire into their stewardship, they will scarcely be prepared to endorse all that has been done in their absence. Monday's Ballarat Rta? has the following :-' Angus Mackay was arrested last night for threatening to tako the life of his wife. He will be brought be- fore the bench to-day.' The Star of the same day states---'J. J. Casey was taken to the hospital on Saturday night, with a contusion on the knee and a slight wound on tho head, which ho had received in a row on the Cres- wick-road.'" 1 The UBual weekly meeting of the Mol- bourno Hospital committee was held yester- day afternoon. There were present-Messrs. H. J. Hart (in the chair), Phillips, Gillbee, Fenton, Levy, Hodgson, Dickson, Gibbs, James, Knagga, and Dr. Barker. The secre tary reported the state of the house during the week ending 3rd January to be-Ad- mitted in-patients, 94 ¡ new cases, out patients, 212 ; do., casualties, 202. Total for the week, 506. Deaths, 17 ; discharges, 56\. Number of patients in the hospital, 359\. A letter was, received from Mr. G. M> Bobbins, of Sandridge, referring to a case in which a boy named Newman was at first re- fused admittance into the hospital, al- though so seriously injured by a bale of wool falling on him, that he died the next day. Mr. Robbins also wrote at the request of the workmen in his employment to exprcas their indignation at the conduct of the member of the medical staff who had refused to admit the boy Newman, and who had threatened to send him to the police station if left at the Hospital. They de clined to subscribe any further to the Hospital unless the matter was fully investigated by the committee. The letter was accompanied by the sum of £11, collected by the workmen during the past year. On the motion of Mr. Fenton, the letters were referred to a sub- committee of all the lay members of the committee of management, to inquire into and report to the next meeting of the committee. A letter was received from Mr. James MacBain, en- closing his annual donation of £20. In accordance with the rules, Dr. Barker and Messrs. Hart and Phillips retired from the committee by eflluxion of time. Mr. Levy was ballotted for, and the retirement of Mr. Irving makes up the number required by the rules of the institution to retire an- nually. The first Crown lands sale of the year was held yesterday at Messrs. Cohen and Co.'s rooms, Collins-street west. There were 22 town allotments in St. Kilda catalogued, but of these nine were withdrawn from sale. The balance was offered at 10s. per foot, but none fetched less than lös. per foot, whilst from 30s. to £2 7s. Gd. was obtained for several of the allotments. The tota) pro- ceeds of the sale amounted to £1,031 7s. 2d. The s.S. Alexandra, which arrived yester day, brought to Melbourne the New South Wales team of handball players who aro to compete against the Victorian players in the intercolonial match, to be held on the 16th, lGth, and 17th inst. The players from the neighbouring colony are Messrs. Dillon,. Thompson, M'Loughlin, Farrell, and Gaffney. They are accompanied by Mr. Toohey, as coach. Yesterday afternoon all the visitors except Gaffney, who has hurt his hand, prac- tised at the alley, and displayed considerable proficiency in the game. Mr. Dillon is spoken of as a very superior player, who will be found to be a very formidable opponent. The alley will be closed till Saturday next for repairs. Ten fine bulls, from the New England district, arrived in port yesterday by the b.b. Alexandra, from Sydney. The same steamer when she leaves here will take away several bulls and other descriptions of stock for Maryborough, Queensland. The foundation-stone of the permanent Trades-hall will be laid at 3 o'clock p.m. on the 12th inst. This building, which is to be erected on the vacant land adjoining the temporary hall in Lygon-strcet, will bo a neat two-storied edifice, and will cost some £3,000. , The labourers employed by the Govern-! ment at the railway and breakwater piers, Williamstown, have been out -on strike for, some days past. It appears that the men aro compelled to work 10 hours a day in summer, and they think that 8s. is only a fair wage per diem. The authorities, however, would not accede to their demands, and the men1 refused to proceed with their work, the re- sult jiejng a deadlock. i -A most determined bigamist made his ap- pearance before the City Court yesterday. -The' prisoner, who is a sharp-faced mahl about 40 years of age, named Andrew D.i Young, arrived in tho colony by the Donald M'ICay in October, 1857, he being ship's car- penter. Immediately after arriving in'Mel- bourne he married awoman named Margaret Borrowman, who was a passenger by the s_.me ship, They lived together till 1863, when Mrs. Young, having become partially blind, went to Scotland, where she is now living with her mother. In June, 1865, the prisoner married a young woman named Jane Eliza Fennan, in Gipps Land. He lived with her till the end of 1867, when she was obliged, from his cruel treatment, to leavo him, and had since then lived as lady's-maid in Sydney. The prisoner had since married a third time in Yass, Now South Wales. Full proof was given of the marriage of the prisoner to Margaret Borrowman and Jane Eliza Fonnan, and the prisoner was committed for trial at the' next Criminal Sessions. Bail was fixed at two Bureties in £100 each. A Swedish sailor named Fielstrom, on the 2nd inst., was observed by Constable Arm- strong to take a pair of boots from the door of Mrs. M'Millan's shop in NelBon-parade, Williamstown. The man had gone about 15 yards, when he was stopped by the constable and taken back to the shop. As Mrs. M'Millan and the shopman both denied having sold the boots to the prisoner or authorised him to take them away, he was taken to the lock-up. It appears that the boots had been made to order for a sailor on board the ship Thomas StephenB. Fielstrom was taken before Mr. Mollison, at the Wil- liamstown Police Court, yesterday, and the above facts having been sworn to, he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment with hard labour. The defence was that he had simply taken the boots to show his ship, mate, who was standing near, and there was no intention to steal them. A case of very sudden death occurred on Sunday morning at Bulleen. Mr. Thomas Ragge, an extensive farmer and a member of the shire council of Boroondara, was taken ill at 7 o'clock, and died in about four hours. He had attended a meeting of the council on the Wednesday previous to his death, and had driven into Kew on last Saturday even- ing. The funeral, which took place at Kew Cemetery on Monday last, was very nu- merously attended, the procession extending nearly half a mile, Mr. Ragge was upwards of 30 years in the colony, and had been a member of the Boroondara Boad Board from its commencement. The deceased before he betook himself to farming was in business as an architect and builder, and he built the old mechanics' institute and other buildings in Melbourne. He has left a widow and a large family well provided for. At Hawthorn Court on Tuesday, John Kactshman, charged with stealing boots and 12s. in silver, was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, and on another charge of stealing a blanket he got an addi- tional month. Edward M'Gratb was brought up on warrant, charged with threatening to take the life of his wife, Catherine M'Grath, and there was a cross charge by the husband that she had threatened to poison him. He had recently been discharged from the Lunatic Asylum, and, according to his wife's account, be was still a dangerous lunatic, and had on the 29th of December threatened to do for her. On the othor hand, ho retorted, and said his wife had kept him locked up for a month, had deprived him of his clothes, and, to put an end to him, had mixed some poison in a pannikin. The Bench thought that there were faults on both sides, and that the complaints were a good deal exaggerated, but they ordered the defendant to bo bound over to keep the peace, with one surety in £25, and dismissed the complaint against the wife. Our Sandhurst correspondent says the cricketers of Sandhurst are now busily en- | gaged in practising for tho great event, the All-England Match, and every -afternoon the B.U.C.C. ground presents a very lively appearance. The club are determined, to fight the battle on their own bottom, and not import talent to help them either from Melbourne or elsewhere. The ground is in splendid order, and the Englishmen wiU, have a first-rate wicket to play on. It is staled that Mr. J. C. Hadley has entered into arrangements for the completion of tho match, should it take longer than three days. The picking of members to practise for the match has been postponed, seeing that practice is being carried on very satis- factorily at present. The B.U.C.C. will send a team this month to Tasmania to play two matches there. The publicans of Sandhurst are holding meetings in order to unite and protect them- selves against the Permissive Bill. It is stated that their influence will be used against Mr. Casey at the next election. The district coroner, Mr. Candlor, held an inquest at Richmond on the Gth inst. on the body of Florence Emily Jackson, aged 15 months, who was drowned on the 1st January by the accidental upsetting of a fur- niture van. On the day the accident oc- curred the mother of the deceased, with a party of relations, was in the Survey-paddock at a picnic. They all got into a furniture van, which was driven by one of the family, in order to return home, when by some íeason the horse began to back towards the river, and upset the vehicle, and the child was drowned. The body of the deceased was found floating in the river on the morn- ing of tho 4th inst. The jury returned a ver- dict of accidental death. The Ballarat Courier of Tuesday says : " The first locomotivo engine passed over Lydiard-street and up the new line beyond the Creswick road yesterday. This was the 'Yarra,' ohe of the first engines used on the Sandridge line of railway, which has been purchased by Mr. Neil M'Neil for con- veying ballast up the Ararat line. It steamed up with several ballast trucks in tow yester- day. There is now about three miles of the Aarnrat railway line completed, and connected with the Western terminus ¡ and although only about three miles of rails have been laid, the excavations and embankments have been formed for about 30 miles, so that wo may soon hope to seo some of the work made available for traffic. Section 9 of the railway between Ballarat and Creswick Junction was finished on Friday, all but the ballasting." We quoted yesterday from the Sydney Morn, ing Herald the report of the Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly of New South Wales on the payment of duty on tobacco. " In the eighth paragraph (says the Herald of January 3), by a stupid blunder in tho mechanical department, the words in the second and third lines-manufactured and unmanufactured were transposed. We here- with print the whole clause correctly :-' 8. That on the 15th and loth of October, £902 14s. was paid into tho Customs as duty on manufactured tobacco, and £12,885 3s. for unmanufactured (total, £13,78717s.), an equal amount to which, or thereabouts, would havo been saved to the revenue (assuming that the Treasurer's proposal had been sanctioned by your honourable House) had the Custom- house been closed on the 15th, when the col- lector informed the Treasurer of the rush to pass entries for tobacco. This not having been done, there remained but twp courses open to the Government for adoption, either to allow the persons who had thus cleared their tobacco from bond to profit largely, to the great prejudice of other traders find loss to the revenue, or to abandon thç projected increase of duty. The îesult was that after several nights' debase in your honourable House the latter, courseras adopted.' " The Cornwall Chronicle, of Monday last announces the death of Mr. T. Gregson, at Richmond, at the age of 75 years. Mr. Greg- son was one of the patriotic six whp, with the late Sir Richard Dry and others, asserted the independence of the Australias from control of the Imperial Parliament. The same journal reports the death of Mr. Samuel Hannaford, librarian of the Hobart Town Public Library. The Launceston Examiner notices an abominable instance of adulteration :- "A few days since a cooper residing in Wel- lington-street purchased a couple of kegs, which had been usod in'a public-house in Launceston, one to contain rum, the other brandy. On knocking off the head of tho brandy cask, to clean it out, it was found lo contain the remains of about half-a-pound of tobacco ! Curiosity tempted him to take the head out of the rum keg, when, to his surprise, the remains of about two pounds of tobacco was found ! Wo have often heard of adulterations in the liquor trade, but were not aware that it was carried on to this extent. As the cooper very truly remarked, there is no knowing how many poor fellows had bad heads after drinking of the contents of these kegs." In reference to the long-standing dispute between Cardinal Cullen and Father O'Keeffe, we find in the rimes of Nov. 8, the subjoined protest, signed by Mr. Justice Lawson, Sir. JuBtice Morris, the Rev, Charles L. Morell, tho Rev. Professor John H. Jollett, and tho Primate, Commissioners of the National Board of Education, against the action of the majority of the board who decided not to reinstate Father O'Keeffe.-"Protest of the undersigned Commissioners of National Education, in the matter of the Rev. Mr. O'Keeffe and tho Callan schools. Having in vain urged upon the board the propiioty of reinstating the Rev. Sir. O'Keeffe in his position of manager of the Callan schools, from which, without inquiry or investiga- tion, he had been removed, and by so doing to afford 'him the benefit of tho new rule, which deolares ' that the commissioners re- serve to themselves the power of withdraw- ing the recognition of a manager if it shall appear to them that the educational in- terests of the district require it, but such recognition will not be withdrawn without an investigation into the above matters, held after due notice to the manager and all persons concerned, we desire to place upon record our protest against the course adopted by the majority of this board on the 8th inst., and since continued, a course which we feel, without desiring to cast any imputation upon the other commissioners, will be regarded as evading compliance with the pledge which the Prime Minister was authorised |to mako on behalf of the board, and Parliament accepted as a settlement of the question. AVo had hoped that the disagreement with our colleagues, which a sense of duty had forced upon us, was finally ended, and we therefore the more regret that the majority by embark- ing in inquiries and investigations into mat ters some of them plainly resulting fiom the action of tho board itself, and inconsistent with affording to Mr. O'Keeffe the benefit of the new rule, should reopen the discussion. Wo therefore desire to record our opinions and thus avoid the necessity of reiteration at;the hoard, as painful to us as unfortunately wo havo found it to bo ineffectual." The following summary of the action of the Indian Government in reference to the rice famine is given in a telegram to The Times, dated Calcutta, Nov. 7 :-" A resolu- tion of the Viceroy upon the condition of Bengal has been published. He declares that he is unwilling to interfere with the grain trade, either by a prohibition of the ex- port or by regulating the price, since ho believes that the energy and enterprise of traders will meet the deficiency in various districts. The Viceroy is providing abun dant relief works wherever the people are likely to need omplojment, and is generally paying for the labour in food or grain, and for this purpose the Government íb purchasing Bufficiont supplies, interfering with trade as little as possible. The Govern- ments of Madras and Burmah have been requested to make gradual purchases of grain through the agency of the trade. The Vice- roy authorises the suspension of the Road CesB, in the distressed districts, in case the distress should become severe. The Govern- ment is actively assisting in the formation of a relief committee." t , The "pianista," a French invention, is an instrument which, being wheeled up and suitably placed in front of an ordinary piano or harmonium, may be made to play any tune desired upon these by simply turning a bandle, just as if it were a barrel-organ' or a ' French piano. The only example of this ingenious piece of mechanism in Australia has just been imported by Mr. Huenerbein, of Russell-street, and we are indebted to Mr. Haselmayer, who, at some cost of time and trouble, has got it into working order, for the opportunity of inspecting it. The con- struction of the pianista represonts a very marvel of mechanicalskill, and though simple enough as to tho principle adopted by the inventor, is extremely complicated in detail. When brought up in front of the key-board of a piano, it is found that, over each key, at a properly regulated distance, thoro is a hammer very similar to the leather-faced hammers which strike the wires and produce the notes in a piano. On removing the other side of the pianista a number of wooden rods, about the length and thickness of stair rods, are observed. These are attached at' one end to cranks, which, being lifted, the hammers are made to shake, and at the other end they are connected with small bellows, in each of which there is, as a matter of course, a valve. In the upper part of the instrument there is a large bellows which forces the air, when required, intoany one of the smaller bellows. Tho valves in the small bellows are opened by the raising of a number of other rods, the upper extre-, mities of which end in brass points, and theso project in a row, over which revolves a spirally-grooved cylinder. Between the row of theso brass points and the cylinder, a long length of cardboard is made to pass, justas if it were paper being printed, it is this length of cardboard, which, when folded np, resembles a book of tailors' patterns, only much longer, that contains the tune to be played ; but the notes, instead of being printed in the ordinary way, are perforated. So long as the cardboard presses down any one of the points, the note it re- presents is silent, but when, as it travels onwards, the perforated part arrives over the point, the latter risos, and so the note is produced. We have heard several operatic selections played by means' of this instrument, and tho effect is that of a well- practised pianist performing. The cost both of the instrument and the perfo- rated music cards is considerable, but the latter no doubt would bo very much reduced in prico if there were a large demand. As a curiosity of ingenuity in the way of me- chanical contrivance the wholo thing is in the last degree interesting. For those who desire music, but to whom the labour of learning it is irksome, tho pianista will afford an inexhaustible supply with no moro trouble than the grinding of so much coffee. The pianista will shortly be exhibited and explained by Mr. Haselmayer. The Theatre Royal was densely crowded last night in every part of the house. The pantomime of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star," seems likely to have a longer and better run than any that has preceded it. The Prince of Wales Opera-house was very well attended last night in every part except the dress-circle, which was only moderately patronised. Owing to a sudden attack of illness, Miss Winston was unablo to appear as Young Australia, and her place was filled at a moment's notice by little Miss Ford, who. acquitted herself in a highly creditable man_ cr. ñr-There was a very good attendance at St. ¡George's-halUast night, to witness the woq- ' .derfjil' feats of Professor Haselmayer. The programme was somewhafsimilar to that of the previous evening, and the magical skill , of the professor kept his audience in a con- stant state of bewildering, enjoyable amaze- ment during the whole time the perfoi manees : lasted. We have received £1 Is. for the Mill tes- timonial fund from " An Admirer." We have received a copy of Messrs, Sands and M'DougaH's " Victorian Red-letter Quar- terly Diary, for the first three months of the present year. It contains the new mail table and other useful information. We have received from Mr. George Robert- son, and reserve for notice, Golden (7 rain, by B. L. Farjeon, which forms the Christmas number of Tinsleu's Magazine; The Black Oin, avdotherPoems, by J. Brunton Stophens ; and The Man in the Iron Mash : a Poetical Romance, by Georgo Gordon M'Orae. The Starr-Bowkett Mutual .Benefit Build ing Society held their usual monthly mooting ' on Monday, Mr. M. F. Bruce in the chair. ' Messrs. Richard Miller and James Forbes) were appointed to act as scrutineers for tho ballot of two shares, which took placo after1 the evening's receipts. The numbers drawn were 089, 231. The number of visitors to the National Museum of natural history and geology for the week ending January 3, was 4,663, and for the month of December 9,473. For the quarter, half-year, and three-quarters ending December 31, the numbers were 25,351, 40,450, and 67,085 ; the total for the year 1873 being 89,491. 