THE COUNTRY. The Star reports that at the Court of General Sessions, Balhrat, the whole -of Wednesday was occupied in hearing the charge against James Goodwin of having stolen 250 oz. of gold in the mine of the Queen Quartz Company. By a question of law the charge narrowed itself down to a charge of the theft of half an ounce of gold. During the hearing of the case his Honor, considering that James Bcattie, Samuel and John Walus, witnesses for tho prosecution, were thieves according to their own evidence, directed that they should, not be paid their expenses by the Crown. It transpired, too, that Mr. Manners, manager of the Qaeea Quartz Company, .met tho prisoner, who was oil bail, on Monday lost and " had a glass with him. '' and (luring a conversation he had told Goodwin that ho would have preferred to see the Wallises in his1 (Goodwin's) place. Judge Rogers directed that Mr. Manners should not be paid his expenses,- as ho thought that it wa3 most improper and inju dicious on the part of Mr. Manners to do. or I say anything of the kind. His Honor, also intimated that he wished it to be mado public that bank .officials had ao right to disobey subpoenais to produce gold .or .any thing else, and said that prosecutions against offenders could be initiated. Tho jury in Goodwin's case retired at 7.45 p.m. to consider their verdict, and at twelve o'clock, as they had not agreed: they were locked up for the night. Yesterday the jury. ' was discharged, as they could not agree upon a verdict and the prisoner was re- manded. From the Ballarat Courier we learn that a requisition to call a meeting in Ballarat, to consider the operation of our present land system, is in course of signature. A fire broke out on the 17th inst., at Sandhurst in a room detached from the dwelling-house of Mr. Wren, photographer. The room was used as a studio and work- room, and with its contents of photos, &c.;, was totally destroyed. The brigades were promptly on the spot, and succeeded in saving the dwelling-house, though the back of it was considerably scorched. The build- ing was insured, but not the stock or furni- ture. The weather in Sandhurst was very hot on 17th inst., and a large bush-fire was burning, in the direction of Marong. A deputation from Castlemaine waited on the Premier on 17th inst. for the purpose of asking the Government for the sum of £778 being the amount expended by the local council in the construction of a water channel over and above the sum they had received from the Government for the exe- cution of the work. The council had been put to considerable expense owing to the Government having insisted upon the coun- cil erecting a new bridge over the channel. The Premier stated that votes of this cha- racter would cease upon the Local Govern- ment bill becoming law, as the endowment clause provided for exigencies of that kind. He promised, however, to consider the claim, and consult with his colleagues upon the subject. Thursday was the annual licensing day at Sandhurst. The court sat all day, and dis- posed of 400 applications ; 101 £25 licences were granted, and 248 £10 licences. There were also licences granted to brewers, grocers; colonial wine merchants and wine and spirit merchants to the number of 38 ; the total revenue from, the licences being about £5200. Two applications were post- poned to the 31st inst., and eleven were withdrawn. The bench intimated their in- tention of not granting licences to married women next year, who were living with their husbands, unless it was satisfactorily proved that the husband was incapable of attending to the business. It was also stated that the liberal donations given by the publicans last year to the poor-box had been the means of relieving numerous cases of want and suffering; and at the present time a balance of £20 still remained in hand for distribution. The case of Moss Cohen, for fraudulent insolvency, and which has been before the Maryborough Police Court for the last month, was brought to a close on Monday, and re- sulted in Cohen being committed to take his trial at the next General Sessions, which will be holden at Maryborough on the 22nd inst. The extraordinary conduct of the first two witnesses in the case was, states the Maryborough Standard, nearly strangling the proceedings at thr outset. Mr. Robert McNiece, who is the chief clerk under the Insolvency Act for the Maryborough dis- trict, and a Commissioner of the Supreme Court for taking affidavits, actually con- fessed that, he did not know what book it was that oaths were administered on. He admitted, that he had sworn 100 affidavits on a book similar to the one with which Cohen was sworn, and yet he could not swear that, the book was a Bible. It might have been an English or Greek lexicon. He took it for granted that the book handed to him by Mr. Waters as a Bible was such. The case for the prosecution did not improve even when Mr. Waters was called. He could not say whether, the book on which Cohen was sworn was a Bible or not. 