SURVEYING IN VICTORIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir -Every fact stated in the letter of A Surveyor in this days Argus, excepting that £10,000 per annum is being expended on re-surveys was fully and plainly set forth in my report and it is to be presumed that it is in consequence of that report that re-survey- ing is now being so extensively carried on. The writer is quite right in asserting that this large waste of public money is solely caused by incorrect and scamped surveying in former times. The corrections will in almost every instance cost more than the original surveys for in this department the rule rigorously holds that by far the cheapest method of working is to do a thing accurately at first. The writer is also right in asserting that the authorised surveying now proceed- ing is just as bad as all of the same kind that has gone before it, and will all have to he done over again. The country that is to say, is now paying £5,000 a year for bad work which it will by-and-by take £10,000 to correct. Such is the rule that for many years has been conscientiously followed in the Victorian Survey department. But ''A Surveyor'' is utterly astray in his recommendation as to the practical remedy for all this gross and stupid mismanagement. He would have a half dozen of new sub- inspectors appointed to supervise the con tract surveyors. The remedy I fear might rather serve to aggravate than to cure the disease. The remedy that common sense and my report both point out is the only effectual one in the case-namely the re storation of the district surveyors to their proper functions and so making them re sponsible for all inaccurate and scamped sur- veys in their various districts. No new officers are required at all-the existing staff is quite sufficient for all the public require- ments. Only every detail of land administra- tion, even the minutest, must be taken out of the hands of the district surveyors and that, at once in order that they may without delay resume their proper duties. If this step should render needful a stoppage of the work of land distribution for a time by all means let the Governor in Council order a temporary suspension of the Land Act-say for three months -until the district survey offices and the land administration branch could be got into something like proper working order. It consists with my know- ledge that such a brief cessation in the daily business of giving away the public lands upon scamped surveys or on none, would be an inestimable public benefit whilst it would injure no one, not even the Land Minister in his popularity. I can scarcely find words to express my painful conviction of the enormity of the ''muddle'' in the Lands and Survey department, and of the in credible want of everything like system and forethought up till the time Mr Casey took the reins. One bold measure, one firm step intelligently taken, one statesman like act on the part of a Land Minister, any time during the decade 1860-70 might have saved some millions sterling, to the public estate and prevented such confusion as the existing generation will certainly never see wholly rectified. Wait till the disputes ar- bitrations and litigations commence. Temple Court has a golden harvest to b reaped some day. In Canada under some what similar circumstances they were forced to pass a summary act quashing at once a world of conflicting claims and confused rights. Some such act I venture to pre dict will begin to be talked about in Victo- ria some time this side the year 1880. -I am, &c.;, DAVID BLAIR. February 5. The Geelong Advertiser reports that " there have been several very large bush- fires raging for the past week in the Mount Doran, Lal Lal, and Little Forest ranges. In the Lal Lal ranges the fire came down four miles wide. So imminent was the danger at the Little Diggings, that the miners had to strike their tents and run for it. No very serious losses have as yet been sustained, but the fires are still raging." "Extensive bush-fires," the Mount Alexander Mail states, "prevailed on Monday to the south-east of Mount Alex- ander, the smoke rolling in such dense masses as frequently to hide the mount from view.'' 