Commercial. \ STOCK 'BB'^ORT. - Eilpeess Office, Jan. 16. 9 p.m. ^ther daring the past *eek lias liecn some whfcfe zmTder, m a rale, bat the beat to-day was very oppressive . The sky. too, has betn overcast, and it appears not improbable that some more rain msy fall before long. That which wc have already had was heavy. |,ut of brief continuance. From down the river we learn that the weather has been very hot, but fortunately no hash fires of any moment have occurred. Thunderstorms have occurred, but they were but slight, and of course merely local. From Mouaro we *®*rn that rain has fallen pretty generally, and -'wvuw ura Biiice conunueu romarKauiy cool and pleasant. (Jpon the Darling the weather continue* very hot; and rain is much required. Upon the Namoi rain has fallen after after a Succession of extremely hot days- The ffll wais moderately heavy, and the temperature has fallen considerably since. Upon the Macquarie the heat has been great, and the promise of rain has been merely redeemed by slight thunderstorms. Stock are in good order. Upon the Lachlan rain has fallen, but the weather continues very hot. In the vicinity of Bathurst the heat has been in- ' tense, and bush-fires have been raging on the ridges on each side of the towo. We hear that on Sunday last several grass paddocks down the river caught fire, and that some fencing was destroyed. The county still looks dry. In fact, a week's steady rain would not come amiss just now. The condition of stock is all that could be desired. Although in some places there is a scarcity of water out back there is plenty of good strong grass. In the local market tat cattle still command good rates, and are easily disposed of. Quotations are £8 10s for bullocks. The want of rain has influenced the store stock market. Quotations for bullocks are still up to £6, wethers are quoted to 8s 6d, ewes to Is. Mr Of. A. Elliot (P., R„ and Co.) re ports having sold 369 store bullocks on aocount of Mr Martin to Messrs Jas Devlin and Sons. Mr Geo Horsy t Ii has sold 92 cows, Borne with calves, for Messrs Edgehill and Russom to Mr R. J. Oilman, and 33 rams for Mr A. G. Jones to Mr Thomas Troy. Mr John Jackson has sold through Mr J. O'Neil 266 fat cattle to Mr J. Gil more ; 121 fat cattle sold to Messrs Bowen and McAliBter by Mr W. O. Windeyer have been delivered. The passings are : — 379 storo bullocks (Mr Martin's) passed on Wednesday for Ganmain ; 8000 wethers (MrG. Smith's) passed to-day down the river. In Melbourne cattle have have fallen about 15s per head. Best bullockB realised from £10 to £12. 'here was a large supply of good sheep, for which prices advanced from 6d to la. liest wetbers realised 9a to I Is. In Sydney an advance was made in cattle «f 10s, and in sheep of Is. In Maitland quotations are unaltered. Messrs Finlay and Co, of Goulburn report best beef at 20s, ani bcBt wethers at 10s. The Dubbo district stock items are aa follow : — 1900 fat sheep (J. Cruickshank's) from Mumble bone, passed Dubbo 011 Friday for Sydney, in charge of John Wilds. 300 head of fat cattle (Baker's) bought from Loder are now near Narra ibine, en route to Melbourne. This lot of cattle are spoken of as very heavy and prime. 400 fat cattle bought on the Barwon by Messrs Bowler and Keighran, are between the Bogan and Forties, going to Melbourne. 145 head of fat cattle ((Jib eon's) from the Mole, hought by F. Hughes, are near here, going to Bathurst. Several lots pur chased by F. Hughes from Messrs Woods, Veech, and Smith, have started for Bathurst. 120 bead of fat cattle (Fitzpatrick's) purchased from Mr Stephenson of Polly-Brewan, have started for Sydney. 200 fat sheep (Higgins and Willis-alien's) are about to leave Wainmerawa for Sydney. A lot of mixed sheep (Ronald's) iu charge of Dunn are aeross the river going to Nebea. 700 mixed cattle (Doyle's) from the Mclntyrs, are said to be near Borroway, bound for Wagga Wagga. 1200 fat ewes (Barton and aBecket's) from Narroway, are here uow for sale. Mr R. G. Goodisson (Pow ers, Rutherford, and Co) reports the sale of 630 store bullocks ou account of Mr York to Ferguson Brothers. J. tie Cobbora correspondent of the Dubbo Dis- j patch says: — 10,000 store sheep, iu charge of Patten, the property of Messrs Oakes, of Bathurst, passed on Sunday last, bound Dubbo way, for sale ; Tait and Murphy agents. 700 store cattle (in - charge of Delaney) passed same day ; these cattle belong to Messrs R. and W. Oakcs, and were bought at Hall's Muswellbrook sale for Walla Walla Lachlan River. There is no demand here for store sheep, and we have heard of few sales since shearing. CTsoally at this season a large 1 number of sheep change hands, but this year is an exception to the rule. Probably the dulness is owing to the uncertainty of the season. 8000 breeding ewes (Richmond's) have left Coreen station, Corowa, and will travel via Maude and Oxley up the Lachlan to Forbes, and thence to Haddon Riggs. The Coolah stock passings are December 28— Hi fat cattle iWilliams and Renney's) for Sydney. 29 — 10,000 store sheep (Patten's), en route for Dnbbo. 31 — 190 fat cattle ( Mack ay's) for Sydney ; 190 fat cattle (Cook's) for Sydney. Jan. 1 — 220 fat cattle (Richards') for Sydney. The Forbes passings are : — 1200 mixed sheep (Brown's) from Bonar West going to lllalong, Brigttocke in charge ; 10,000 breeding ewes and 200 rams (McKellar and Holt's) from the Duck Creek to Cadgelligo Lake, G. Broughton in charge ; 10,000 wethers (McCloud's) from Queensland to Melbourne for sale, W. A. McCloud in charge. 