PASTORAL MEMS; By the Government Gazette-we team that Mr. R. M'Intvre, of Eunonyhareenyha, lias taken up 20,000 aores of country on tlia. Warregn, ., " ,'r J ' •, \ - j, " Mr. Charles Brown reports having gold, ini conjunction with-'Messrs.' 'Driver,; Stewnrt, and Go., of Dnnedin; onv account of Mr.. Fitzwilliiim ' Wentworth,' of'■ Sydney, the Wantwood Run, in tho Ofcago district, New Zealand, togetlier;with aliout 30,000acres,o£ purchased land and about 40,000 sheep, for the sum of £90,000, to Mr. Joseph Claris©, of Melbourne, formerly of Tasmania. From tho Melbourne journals wo. leam that the prize given hy Mr. C. B. Fisher, for shearing at the late Pastoral Show, held in Melbourne, was contested for hy forty men, and was one of the most interesting features of tbo Show. Our Narandra correspondent reports tfavt 1200 fat slieep belonging to Messrs. Menzies, Niehol, and Ponglas, of North Yaneo, crossed in tho punt at that township oa tho 3rd inat.. en i~oute for Beechworth. '. By reference to our advertising columns it will ho Eeien that Messrs. Oliver and Morley havo been appointed agents in Wagga for Messrs. King and Cuningbatn, stock and station agents, of Melbourne. . A Sydney firm report having- sold, at Honiebush, on account of Messrs. Daly and R«ff«rty, 200 head of cattle, at an. average of £9 14s 3d. . A Bnlranald correspondent, -writing tinder date of 14th October, says:—Tho wool from the snnkon baree Minnie. Watt, is, being got. up at the rate of 20 hales a dav. < Writing with reference to the show in Melbourne, the Argus guys There is only one thing in connexion with theso shows that is matter for serious regrot, and that ia the limited extent to which they aro use'l for educational purposes by tho 'general' public. This is exactly what is the fault, and. in our opinion, the evil will not . ho to-. moved till the judges appointed to decide aro looked upon as authorities, and not as now, in tho majority of eases, persons who mo more willing than able to pronounce judg ment. Mr. Wra. Lehano has sold 1280 mixed young sheep to Messrs, M'Naroara Bros., of Wyalong. Robinson and Be3nard, agents. , Messrs. Richard Gibson and Co. report the Bale of 3053 wethers fo'1 Messrs. M'Gfaw and Co., of Burrabouie, mid 3775 ewes and wethers for Mr. Ewen M'Pherson, o£ Ben-< duck. j Messrs. Peppin and SonB, of Wanganella, j have sold MOD pure-bred ram lamhs to I Messrs. Hope and Scott, who have made the I purchase f<ir their Beemery station, on tho Wai'cjro. K. Gibson and Co., agents. ! A Hay agent reports tho sale of 8500 five-year-old owes, for accommt of Mr, George Peppin, of Wanganella, at toj* ! prices. Tho Walgett correspondent of the Ceutral Australian states that, at Llaiiillo, much r"• Bering has been experienced through tho iessive heat caused by bush-fires. Shear had to be suspended, and tbo men paid grffc owing to the want of water ; and sueep J to travel for grass, while 10,000 had to • uO left unshorn. 1000 bulloclsB and 300 cows, from near Rockhampfcon, belonging : to Messrs. Gil christ, Watt, and Co., of Sydney, in charge of Air. G. It. Holt, wero at Warreweeua (near . Bourke) on the 1st, travelling for sale. Messrs. Efctershank, Eaglestoue and Co. report the sale of 100 bullocks for Messrs, T. and S. Learmonth, Grongal, at an average of £10 lis. and 21 cows averaging £3 9.1 Cd. Messrs. Powers, Rutherford and Co., have sold for Messrs. John Boll andCo., Merungle, Laclilan River, 361 hcatl of good light weights, bullocks at £8 7s Gd, cows, £7 Is ; and 222 head from Walgear's, Laclilan River bullocks, £8 12s Cd, cows, £6 6s 5d. Messrs. Chisholm Bros., Bland, have sold 85 prime bullocks to Messrs. M'Kenzie. Bros. Young. Robinson and Besnard, agents. Messrs. Hastings, Cumingham and Co. hold their fourth sale of this season on Fri day. They disposed of 1550 bales at this sale, and privately during the week 142 bales. Greasy brought from 9jtl to lod. Scoured, lSJd to 214d. Flceco, IS.^il to 21^d per lb. Few men (says " Atticus " in tho Leader) are such good losers as an exhibitor who sent anine sheep to tlie Ballarat Agricultural Show. An acquaintance sympathised with hira for not getting any prizes. " Oh, I didn't deserve any," was the reply. " My sheep are certainly the finest in the colony when they are at home, but when they get into a show-yard, I fiud that there are others finer than they are. My sheep seem, some how or another, to fall off when they go away from the station." We learn that Messrs. Cox and Callaghan have purchased from Mr. John Rand, of Mahonga, 14000 mixed weaners by Malionga Rams, and that Mr. John King lias pur chased 5000 ewes from the same gentleman. We believe both transactions were com pleted privately, without going through the hands of an agent. Elsewhere will be found the awards at the National Agricultural Show in the Shorthorn Cattle Cluss. It will be seen that a large share of the honors fell to the Duke of Brunswick blood, A correspondent from the Paroo, now on the Queensland boundary, -writes to the D. D. Gazette, under date 16fch October, as follows:—"I hear of no stock movements, but a mob of fat cattle from Cox and Doubl ing's Thargomindah station on the Bulloo is expected this way in about a fortnight, bouud for the Melbourne market. The station is to be offered for sale this month by Ryan and Hammond. Mr. R. Beit's jVIarweh station on the Warego, with about 1500 cattle has changed hands I hear, the purchaser being Mr. W. Hatfceu of Wil cannia. Messrs. Calder and Stephenson's Thorlindah station on. the Paroo, adjoining the boundary, with 1700 cattle, is in the market, in consequence of a dissolution of partnership. It is a compact run, and the cattle are well bred. It is also rcmoured that -Messrs. Barton Bros. Brindiugabbah Station will probably change hands, an offer Laving been made for it, but it is not known if it has been accepted by the proprietors. This run is well known for its fattening qualities and carrying capabilities. The lake (Wainba) on the northern end of the run is a noble sheet of water from 12 to 15 miles in circumfcrence, and is now brim full. Sueli a sight in the back country is not often to bo met with, and ought to make the adjacent country; very valuable for grazing purposes. The delivery of the Curriwinya station is to commence on the 26th inst. • Mr. Hood and the now purchasers being daily... expected from Melbourne.!' 