TERRIFIC HAILSTORM AT GUNDAGAI. (From the Gundagai Times.) THE stillness of the sultry, sunshiny days we have experienced for the past week or two in Gundugai was on Tuesday last broken by the most violent storm that has over visited our township. On the previous day a grey, smoky haze had been gathering over the bills, whioh was generally attributed to bush-fires in the vicinity, and on Tuesday morning the sky was cloudy, and the sun only shone out at intervals. Towards one p.m. thunder began to rumble and roll in the distance, and some most vivid flashes of chain lightning were seen striking earthwards down the valley of the Murrumbidgee. Afterwards the storm-wind-the fierce gust which is the precursor of the approaching tempest-came sweeping up from the south-east, driving before it clouds of dust and miscellaneous articles, such as pieces of sugar-bag- ging, a boy's cup or two, stray newspapers, &c.; Then sheets of thin smoke-like rain and hail- stones—or rather blooks of ice-discharged from the great electric battery overhead, came hurling and driving slantways before the wind. Many of these hailstones were as large as a goose-egg, and they were variously shaped. The majority seemed to be of a flattoned oval form, drawn in at the mid- dle, and scolloped at the edges; others were more circular, and others again irregular and wedge-like in shape. For about a quarter of an hour or more our town was bombarded.with those icy bullets, which rattled down on roofs and verandahs, drove against wells and windows, pelted on and ricocheted from the ground, splashed into gathering pools of muddy water, and accumulated in white heaps in sheltered nooks and corners. Afterwards the mist and rack cleared off from the sky, from the hills, and from our streets, and the storm had spent its rage. When people began to look about them our town presented a most deplorable and forlorn aspect, resembling a place that bad been shelled by an enemy, or in which a fierce election riot had taken plaoe, It may be broadly said that in all houses which faced the storm—that is to say in the back part of those on the left- hand side going down Sheridan-street from the Alfred Bridge, and in the fronts of the houses on the opposite side—not a pane of glass was left. The windows in the Roman Catholic, Anglican, and Weslayan churches were broken, one of the newly stuccood sides of the first mentioned place of worship being also pitted and defaced as if a volley of musketry had been fired at it; the public school was considerably damaged; as also were the court-house and the hospital; every building, inso fact, public and private, was more or or loss injured. The force with which the hailstones descended may be estimated from the fact that they knocked holes in galvanized iron verandahs and roofs, and broke slates and shingles. Many trees were blown down, among other a fine weeping willow in Mrs. Davison's garden which overhung Morley's Creek, and a large tree in the Church of England ground, and the leaves of others were com- pletely stripped oil, leaving their branches as bare as those of the trees in England are at this season. The storm raged with even greater severity in the southern than it did in the northern township. Viewed from the northern side the ranges behind South Gundagai were covered with hailstones and a dense white fog arose from the ground, through which only the roofs of the houses could dimly be seen. It may be conceived how grape, pumpkin, and melon vines, fruits, and flowers, suffered, both on the northern and southern side of the river. Many a garden and orchard that was trim, pleasant to look at, and rich in promise on Tuesday morning was utterly desolated and ruined by four p.m. on the same day. The destruction of poultry was likewise very great, and even hardier pigs fell victims to the pitiless pelting of the hailstones. The brief but calamitous tempestuous visitation we have attempted to describe has inflicted a loss of many hundreds sterling on the residents in this locality. Its des- tructive inflences were exercised only in a limited area, extending from near Elwardtown in the direc- tion of Kimo and Five-mile Greek. At Adelong Crossing-place rain and some small hailstones fell, but did no damage. At Johnson's Hill, and even at Bushman's Daughter roof, there was a wind-storm, but no hail nor rain to speak of. North and South Gundagai sustained the full fury of the storm. Fortunately no serious accident occurred during its continuance. We have heard that a little boy of Mr. Podmore's, who had gone for a cask of water, was picked up insensible from the effect of blows on the head he received from hailstones, while trying to restrain the horse he was driving, which afterwards bolted home; also that two children of Mr. Cooper's, who were leading a horse when overtaken by the storm, took refuge under it; but the pelting the poor beast received caused it to rear up, and in descending one of its hoofs inflicted an ugly gash on the upper lip of one of the children. We also heard an elderly dame, who had camped with her husband under the platform of the temporary approach to our bridge, complain that while gathering in some clothes she had put out to dry on some adjacent rushes just as the storm commenced, she received a blow from a hailstone which raised a lump the size of an egg on her head, and we believe other people in a similar manner received some tolerably hard knocks; but no bones were broken nor serious injuries inflicted. As an instance of canine sagacity, and of the singular instinct which seems to warn animals of approaching danger or change, we may mention that a slut of Mr. Russell's, which had two young pups in a shed in the yard, on Tuesday morning quietly conveyed them into the house and deposited them under one of the beds, thus saving their lives, for when the storm came on in the afternoon the shed was laid in ruins on the ground. 