XEirS OF THE DAY. Tor the third time the Legislative Council have resolved that mining on privato pro. nerly thrill not receive the sanction of Jaw. Wlicn the second reading of the bill to logsliso mining on private property was called on last nicht it soon became evident that the measure was doomed. Objection wns taken to the late period of tho eession at wltich tlie bill was submitted, mid the want of time to give duo consideration to it. It was also pointed out that tho hill was sub stantially the same as that which had been rejected last year, and complaint was mode that no attention had been paid to the views expressed by tho Council last session. The old objection that tho gold was tho property of tlie owner of the fee simple, and that no person should be allowed to mine on private land against the wish of the freeholder was reiterated, and the decision of Judge Moles- worth that the gold was reserved for the Crown was questioned. Even those who supported the second reading of the bill inti mated their intention to propose amend ments in committee that would have changed the whole scopeof the measure. Tlie second reading was lost by eight votes to seven. On tho motion for going into committee of Ways and Means in the Assembly lost even ing, Br. Madden took advantage of tho op portunity all'orded of bringing under the notice of tlie House the case of Mr. Elder- ton, of tho Railway department, who, owing to certain charges made against him by a subordinate, had been trans ferred to another branch of the public service. Considering that the Par- linmcnt was on the eve of prorogation, and that every effort is being mado to despatch the necessary business with as little delay as possible, it could not be considered other thau a dire infliction to subject the House to a speech of fully three hours upon tho alleged wrongs of a clerk in tlie Government service, with the koowledge, at the same time, that it could not lead to any good results. Mr. Elderton and Mr. Birkmyre wore both em ployed in the pay oiiico, and owing to cer tain disputes between them, involving charges of a serious nature pro and con., a board of inquiry was appointed, and upon their report it was deemed ex pedient to remove Mr. Elderton and allow Mr. Birkmyre to resign. Dr. Madden )md been professionally retained by Mr. Elder- ton, and wns consequently well posted in tho facts, but as the official report of the board was not in readiness to bo laid before tlie House, the statements were necessarily received cum in no action being taken. The relations of the banks and tlie Govern ment in connection with the public and departmental accounts formed tho subject of a discussion in the House last evening. Prom the statement made by the Treasurer it appears that the public accounts are now distributed between ten banks, while the departmental accounts are distri buted between five, namely, the Lon don Chartered, the National, the Com mercial, the Oriental, and the English aud Scottish. Mr. Sendee expressed an opinion in. favor of tlie departmental ac counts being entrusted to colonial banks exclusively, but several members thought that it would be mu«h more judicious to allow other banks to participate, and thus encourage the introduction of foreign capital, A numerously signed petition was, last evening, presented to the House by Air. G. P. SlmtU from certain residents at ATagam- hie, complaining of the recent action of the Government in leasing from tho postmaster at Nagambie a Dost ofiice and telegraph sta tion 011 his own private property at the ex treme nortli end of the township 'for two years, with tho right to purchase. This had been done, it was alleged, after the late Post- mastor.Gcneral, Air. Lnngton, had pur. aliased a site in the vory centre of the town ship for the same object. A petition calcu lated to mislead tho department had been, it was urged, sent in by the post master alluded to, as it was signed by persons who had not tlie least interest in the locality. In addition there were various allegations of questionable conduct on the part of the postmaster as to the letters he had obtained from several persons to prove that forgery had not been com mitted in connection with the preparation and signing of the petition. A board of in quiry was asked for to investigate the matter upon tho spot. Tho petitiou was ordered to lie on the table. It will bo seen from our telegrams that the attempt to observe the transit of Venus in New Zealand was unsuccessful, owing to tho unfavorable condition of the weather. The result of this failure will he to make tho observations taken in Victoria of greater value, as they will have to be relied upon to a very great extent. Tho trial of J olin Johnson IVarr, store keeper, of Colac, for fraudulent insolvency, was continued beforo Mr. Justice Stephen, sitting yesterday at the Criminal Sessions. The prosecution was under the 15th sub section of section 154, and the first sub section of section 157 of the Insolvency Statute. AVnrr, finding himself in diffi culties, had sold hiB business to one creditor for £500, leaving other creditors unsatisfied. This, it was contended, was a violation of tlie act. Air. Dwyor prosecuted on behalf of the Crown, and Air. Purves defended tlie accused. The jury found liira not guilty, and lie was discharged. George Gray and Brooks Gray pleaded not guilty to a charge of steal ing cattle belonging to Alatthew Ryan, farmer at Greeiisborough, early in July last. Four months afterwards they were found in Georgo Gray's paddock at Arthur's Creek. The Crown abandoned tho case as far as certain of tho cattle were concerned. The dofenco was that the cattle lielonged to George Gray, he. having bought them of his brother Brooks Gray, who said the)' belonged to him, for they corresponded with cattle ho had not eighteen mouths before. AJessrs. Ireland, Q.C., and \V. A. Aloore appeared for tlio prisoners, Tho jury brought in a verdict of not guilty, aud they were dis charged. The trial of John Elliott, ironmonger nnd plumber, of Prahrau, charged with fraudu lent insolvency, was proceeded with at the Criminal Sessions yesterday before Air. Justice Barry. Atr. Bryan U'Loghlen pro secuted on behalf of tho Crown, and the accused was defended by Alessrs. Aloles- worth and Kelleher. There were twelve counts in? the information, setting forth that Elliott, being unable to pay his creditors, called a meeting, at which it was arranged that his estate should be put in liquidation, and Air. Eeroyd was appointed trustee. After such arrangement Elliott, it was stated, had disposed of £500 worth of pro perty, anil within four moutiiB of his in solvency disposed of £300 in money ; that he did not deliver up all his personal pro- petty, such as lead, plumbers' materials, a buggy, pipes, gas fittings, &c.; unlawfully concealed tlie possession of certain property ; made wilful and material omissionB in tiie statement of his affairs ; made false entries in his books ; accounted for the loss of £100 by iictitions entries ; falsely led Messrs. Ai'Lean Bros, and Rigg to believe ho was interested in certain land at AInidstone, worth £200, and obtained goods by such false representations. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and he was sentenced to nine months' imprisonment. Papers relating to forest conservancy were last evening presented to tho Assembly. These contained a variety of valuable and interesting information as regards the sys tem of forest culture in various parts of the world, and included a report by Mr. W. E. Ivoy, secretary of tho central forest hoard, upon1 the present condition of the Cape Otwny forest- Some time since the divorce suit of Bishop v. Bishop excited a good deal of attention. A decree was made in the wife's favor, aud the husband then commenced an equity suit to sot aside the settlement lie had made' on his wife at the time of her marriage. Yes terday Air. Webb, on behalf of tho husband, applied that the bill might be dismissed with costs. - There was, of course, no opposition, and the bill was dismissed. Litigation is not likely to cease, however, for proceedings will be commenced again on an amended bill. In the coarse of the next week tenders will be called for the building ot tho hull of a first-class iron clipper steamer to act as a tender to Captain \Vm, Howard Smith's lleet of Sydney steamers, tho Barrabool, Alacedon, Dandenong and You Yangs, The vessel is to be about 80 feet long, with a beam of IS or 19 feet, and a draught of say from six to eight feet aft, and only three feet forward. She is to be especially strongly built, as the screw is to be a large one, and propelled by engines of 25-horse power nominal, but capable of working up to' 150 ; they are already on the way out, haviug been placed on board the ship Thomas Stevens by Messrs. Gwynne, the celebrated engine-makers of London.' The vessel is altogether so constructed that Bhe can act as a marino fire engine when re quired, the engines being especially adapted for that purpose, as well as for the propul sion of _ tho vessel. Captain Smith has for some time past contemplated tlio idea of having a tender to convey passengers and perishable cargo from tho Rtvamcrs on their arrival in tho Bay from Sydney, vjjen pre cluded liy the lownces of the tide from get ting up the river, but ouly mado up his mind about six mouths ago. A most distressing caso of poverty, ipbicli will doubtless liave sonic influence on the. ehnritnlily disposed, was heard liofore the City Bench yesterday. A woman named Al rs. Chivers, who was deserted )>y her hus- band in England about four years ago, ar rived in this colony with her four young chil dren about six weeks ago. The youngest of her offspring lias been suffering from spinal disease. She Btatcd she was unable to sup port her children, and she applied to the bench to have them admitted to the indus trial schools. Her sister's husband had, up to tho present time, supported her and her children ; hut owing to his not being in re- gular employment, and having a family of his own to support, he could no longer maintain her children ; and to add to his misfortunes he had recently lost his wife. The bench said it would he a pity to send tho children to the schools away from their mother, and it was evident that the sick child required medical attendance, which, under the circumstances, it could not obtain. The sick child was re manded to the industrial schools for a month. Air, Sturt gave the woman £1 for immediate wants, and told her to call again that day week, when some arrangements would be made with benevolent ladies, so that some means of obtaining a livelihood might be provided for her. He himself would head the subscription list with £5, and said ho would be happy to receive any donations from those charitably disposed. Mr. IV. C. Smith presented a petition last evening to the Assembly from one Thos. Ayerst, who described himself as having been for a short time commander in the Mercan tile Navy. Ho selected some land in the neighborhood of Ballarat, and, acting upon the promise of tlio local Government sur veyor, he invested £000 in improvements. He had been led to believe that allowance would be made to tho extent of the full amount invested, but instead of this the land was put up to auction, sold, and no al lowance made for the improvements made. Under these circumstances he sought redress nt the hands of the Assembly. Coming events oast their shndows before them, and from the following it would seem that Air. Butters hns an eye to the future representation of Portland. The Quardia?i has received a file of Fiji papers with the followiug note from Air J . S. Butters, late representative for Portland : — " Melbourne, 12th December, 1S74. — W. Cooper, Esq. — Dear Sir, — As Fiji is at present rather an interesting territory, aud having a file of papers by me, 1 have thought it probable that some of my old friends and constituents might wish to see them. I have therefore taken tlie liberty of forwarding them to you per Rob Roy this day. — Yours truly, Jas. S. Butters." The subjoined tenders were accepted yes terday by the Board of Land and WorkB : — Repairs to Post and Telegraph Offices, Smythesdale, J. Foote, £49 17s. 6d.; new porch and sundry other repairs to court house at Gordons, near Ballarat, AV. Ross, £137 ; sundry works at Ballarat Industrial Schools, Lewis and Roberts, £S7C 17s. Cd. ; erecting machinery for 15-ton locomotive steam crane at Alfred Graving Dock, Robin- sou Brothers and Co., £245 ; repairs, &c.;, Industrial School, St. ICilda-road, J. Sledge- ford, £425 ; platform for crane, &c.;, Grif fith's Point Jetty, AVestern Port, M'Larty and Dnglish, £92 10s. ; repairs, ko., Beech- worth Post and Telegraph Office, Beech- worth, James Cahiil, £104 ; moving piles near Tarra, M'Larty and Daglish, £104 10s. The statute for tho licensing and super vision of boarding houses intended for the reception of students at tho University provides that any person applying for a licence to keep such a house must sign a statement setting forth the locality and des cription of his premises, that the rent and taxes are paid, that he is willing to comply with the University regulations, and furnishing references as to character. No licence will be granted for a longer period than one year, and a license fee of £1 must bo paid to tho Registrar of the University be fore tho house can be opened. Another statement to bo signed fnlly sets forth tho supervision the licensee is to exercise over the students. Mr. Justice! Alolesworth ryesterday gave judgment in the case of Abraham AA'olff, Into pawnbroker, of Sandhurst, who died last September, making his will tire day before, leaving all his property, valued at £4500, to his partner, named Bcavor, and disregarding all his relatives, with whom he had lived on friendly terms. They disputed tlie will, on the ground that deceased was not of testamentary capacity at the time of making his will. His Honor, while holding that there was no fraud on Bcavor's part, considered that Wolff did not know what he was" about when making the will, and refused probate. Tho prisoner AVeachurcli still remains in the Alelbourne Gaol, and as he was some what indisposed after his trial, he was put under hospital treatment. The Alayor of Emerald-hill has, through the town clerk, forwarded tho following amounts to the local institutions : — To the school board of advice, £10, to be expended in book prizes ; to the Emerald-hill Bene volent Society, £10, towards Christmas com forts for the old and infirm ; to the Alel bourne Orphanage and St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage, £2 2s. each, towards Christmas treats for the children. Each institution has suitably acknowledged Mr. Danks's thought ful gifts. A youth, about twenty years of ago, named Joseph Graliam, was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with having em bezzled money belonging to his employer, David Black, a potato merchant. The ac cused did not deny his guilt, aud acknow ledged having appropriated £5, whicli he had received for the sale of some pot.'itoi'H. lie stated ho had spent the money in the par- chase of Chineso lottery tickets. The bench treated the prisoner with much lenity, owing to his youth aud a desiro to give him a chance of reformation, and he was sen tenced to three montlis' imprisonment with hard labor. A meeting of the council of tlie Dramatio and Musical Association was held at the ofiieeof theassociation on Thursday afternoon ; Air. George Coppin, Al.L. A., in thechair. Air. Stuart 0 Brien presented a letter from his Kxcellcney's private secretary, enclosing a douation from Sir G. F. Bo wen of £5 to the benevolent fund. The chairman reported a donation to the permanent fund from Aliss Arabella Goddara of £5 5s., and informed tho council that, in response to an applica tion he made, Chevalier Bloudin had most kindly expressed his desire that the associa tion should participate iu tho charity beue- fits he was about to give. The chairman regretted that he had not received a reply to his letter soliciting Air. and Airs. William son to become life governors of the associa tion. Three life governors and four membors were nominated for election at the next meeting of council. The sum of- £20 was voted to tho widow and eight children of tho late Air. C. AA'arde, who are left in a deplorable state of destitution. The CeelouR Advertiser states that it is Eroposed to make the first five miles of the lack line of railway sufficiently strong to bear the heaviest engines. This is in view of the traffic to the course 011 racing days. On ordinary occasions lighter engines will run on the line. The nearest point from the line to the course will be in the vicinity of the Breakwater Hotel, and from this a branch line to the course will ultimately, ho constructed. From the Balhirat Courier we learn that a requisition to call a meeting in Ballarat, to consider the operation of our present land system, is in course of signature. A few of Air. John Little's friends met at the Clarence Hotel last night, and presented him with a splendid tea and coffee service, also an address signed by those who took part in the. presentation. They were given as a token of their high esteem on his leav ing for Sale. The service comprises four pieces beautifully engraved, fitted up in a neat cedar case, and weighing over 70 oz. of sterling silver, and valued at £55, sup plied by Messrs. Bennett and Holloway, silversuiitlis, 73 Elizabeth-street, where it will be on view to- day. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser learns that on AVednesday afternoon a commercial traveller, representing the firm of Messrs. Henty and dons, narrowly escaped drown ing. Ho was driving from Oxley to Tarra- wingee, and attempted to croBS the Ovens River at the ford, near the old punt. Not being acquainted with the ford he got . off the track, and the current being strong his horses and buggy were swept down the stream, AVith some difficulty he managed' her This plT WitU U'e ,0SS "f ' the missing man Donnithorn. 18 AA e understand that an invest! nalicn will juobnhly be held by the police authorities into tho prize. tight recently held at Abe Hicken s rmmis. W0 lavo reccivH n 'T ,n wI,irh he endeavors to I ariay tlio causes of illness of one of the combatants. From the M. A. Mail we learn that a dastardly attempt was made on AA'ednesdav evening to throw one of the trains off th'c line, borne scoundrel had taken a key from a heap near the goods shed and fixed it on a chair in the opening of one of the points at tho northern end of the station, in such a manner as to prevent the points being properly closed, 3'riorto the departure of the 10.18 p.m. train to Sandhurst a horse- box had to bo attached, and for this purpos« the engine was shunted on to the downline- but 011 reaching this spot the misplacement uas discovered by tho engine making two or three extraordinary bounds, and all but going oft' the li re. Had it been proceeding rapidly at the time nothing could have saved it from going over the rails, and thus doing considerable damage. After a few minute? delay the engine was put right nnd shunted properly. Tho Star reports that at the Court of Geueral Sessions, Ballarat, the whole of Wednesday was occupied "in hearing the charge ngamst James Goodwin of having stolon -oil oz. of gold in the mine of the iuccn Quartz Company. By a question of law tlie charge narrowed itself down to a charge of the theft of half an ounce of gold. During the hearing of the case his Honor considering that James Beattie, Samuel and John AAallis, witnesses for tlie prosecution were thieves according to their own evidence' directed that they should not be paid their expenses by the Crown. It transpired, too that Air. Alanncrs, manager of the Queen Quartz Oompauy, met the prisoner, who was on bail, on Alonday last and " had a glass m th him," and during a conversation he had told Goodwin that he would have preferred to seo the AVallises in his (Goodwin's) place. , dg.®. Rogers directed that Mr. Alanncra should not be paid his expenses, as lis thought that it was most improper and inju dicious on tho part of Mr. Manners to do or say anything of the kind. His Honor also intimated that he wished it to be made public that bank officials had no right to disobey subpeenas to produce gold or any. thing else, mid said that prosecutions against offenders could be initiated. The jury in Good win's case' rotired at 7.45 p.m. to consider their verdict, and at twelve 0 clock, as they had not agreed, they were locked up for the night. Yesterday the jury was discharged, as they could not agree upon a verdict, and the prisoner was re manded. James Cope, aged twenty-two years, was admitted to the Alelbourne Hospital yester day, suffering from a fractured leg and an injury to the back. He was standing on the deck of the Alarpesia when a sling holding several cases of beer gave way, one of which knocked him down. AVilliam Ryan, aged twenty-one years, living at Beel-street, Prahran, was also admitted, having sustained a contused wound on the left eyebrow, nnd an injury to the eye. He was working at Alills's saw-mills, Queen-street, when a piece of wood fiew from a circular saw, and struck him over the left eye. A man named John Webster escaped from the Inebriate Asylum at Northcote yesterday, and when last seen was crossing the tramway bridge over the Ahem Creek. The following is his description Fifty- five years of age, height five feet seven inches, stout build, fresh complexion, brown hair, grey whiskers, dressed in black coat, trousers and vest, and low-crowned alpaca hat. A fire occurred at half-past four o'clock yesterday afternoon in an iron shed, at Dud- ley-street, AVest Melbourne. Tho place wa9 used as a straw shed by Air. Patterson, co»i merchant. Tlie fire was got under by the prompt arrival of the Hotbarn tire brigade, who extinguished tho flames before" en damage had been done. The origin of the firo is not known. Tlie ordinary monthly meeting of the Microscopical Society dl A'ictoria was held last evening, at the city coroner's offices. Flinders-street. Tho president of th» sooiety, Air. T. S. Ralph, oocupied tho chair. Air. Sydney Gibbons exhibited a somewhat enrioua antique pocket micrc scope, its age being difficult to determin e; also some parasites of the menura (lyre bird) and some seeds of callum. Air. Ralph ex hibited an insect called asilns, a very vora cious one, nnd well worthy of examination by a microscope. This insect is about nn inch in length, resembles a dragon liy, and is very destructive to bees, grasshopper and other insects. They are in full vigor from December to January. Their organs of sense are of a very remarkable kind, and they possess a compound eye. If carefully cut throngh, the pigment lens may be traced in each division of the eye. The insects aro also very remarkable for their vitality.- Tho adjourned meeting of the Fitzroy licensing bench was held yesterday. J. P. Mason applied for a licence for tho Edin burgh Castle Hotel, Brunswick-street. The application was refused, on the groundjthat there are more hotels in the neighborhood than are required. Tho adjobrned applica tion of Mr. A. J. Templeton, of tlie Hibernian Club Hotel, corner of Nicholson aud AVestgarth streets, was granted. Yesterday morning, about one o'clock, a firo occurred in a small three-roomed wooden house off Nott-street, Sandridge. The dwelling, which was unoccupied, was owned by Mr. John Foley. The flames were first observed by Airs. Alann, residing close by, and tho alarm being given the local fire brigade was quickly on the spot and ex tinguished the fire, but not before the place was destroyed. The adjoining premises were, however, saved from contact with the Uames. The place is insured in the Alliance Company for £50. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. Tho Roman Catholic Archbishop of Alel- bourno arrived in Geelong by the mid.dny train yesterday. His Grace proceeded to the Presbytery. He purposes during his stay visiting tho churches, schools and orphanages of the district, after which he will proceed to Ballarat iu order to instill the new Bishop of that diocese on Sunday next. The Sandridge bench held their annual licensing meeting yesterday, for the pur- pose of renewing licences and hearing applications. J. \Y. Martin applied for a licence for a new house situated at tlie corner of Crockford and Ingles streets. Mr. Read opposed the application, on tlio grounds that there was sufficient ac commodation in the neighborhood, and that the house was in nn unfinished state. Air. Emerson appeared for the applicant, and Btated that the hotel, which was a superior building, was so far completed ss to warrant the issue of the licence. The application;, was granted. Michael Qninn applied for a licence for a honse situated in Bay-street. Air. Emersoa appeared in support of the applicant. Air. Readnade on objection to the notices, which were drawn up in an informal manner. Tlie application was withdrawn. AVm. Skinner applied for a licence for a honse Bituated at the corner of Bay and Boundary streets. The application was opposed by Air. Read on the ground that the honse was not finished, and also that there was sufficient accommodation in the locality. Granted. C. H. Potter- made an application for a renewal of a licence for the Hibernian Hotel, which was granted. A fire broke out yesterday afternoon, at Sandhurst, in 1 room detached from tho dwelling-house )f Mr. AArren, photographer. The room was used as a studio and work room, and with its contents of photos, &c.;, was totally deitroyed. The brigades wore promptly on the spot, and succeeded in saving tiie dwelling- honse, though the back of it was considerably scorched. The build ing was insured, but not the stock or furni ture. The weather in Sandhurst was very hot yesterday, aud a large bush-fire was burning in the direction of Alnrong. In a. quarrel between two sailors of the ship Noma, lying at the Railway l'icr, AVilliapsstoivn,' yesterday afternoon, one of them named Charles Missell drew his knife and stabbed thd other, Albert Lowe, iu the hip. Dr. Figg dressed the wound, and Missell was lodged in the lock-up. Mr. John Geary, inspector of schools, who has been confined in the Alelbourne Gaol for some weeks fcr non-satisfaction of a judg ment obtained by his brother, was brought yesterday before his Honor Air. Justice Stephen, in chambers, upon habeas eorpss, with a view to setting aside the order of ms Honor Mr. Justice Barry, under which if was detained. Air, Q'Loghlen appeared foi I ::'nLorVr"too<l to set wide the original 1 "f'wnt-linn f1 Cnsllemsme waited 1 J.A'mier yesterday f.r the purpose 1 o Government (or the sum of I tf'lhe amount expended by the I j'twnd! i" t,!n com traction of a water I %„ and above the sum they had | r" j (r,.m the Government for the oxe- Kr- f thi vork. Tko ronnnil had been I frUsiderahle expense owing to the R r' ® . having insisted upon the conn- I over the channel. II. Premier stated that votes of this cha- If.rivould cease upon the Local Govern- 1, Bill becoming law, as the endowment Idprovided for exigences of that kind. II nnmiwd. however, to consider the |r;i and consult with his colleagues upon gltQitjoct. H velcrday was the annual licensing day at " The court sat all day, and dis- M la' 400 applications; 101 £25 licences £1 Jmnntcd and 24S £10 licences. There ff- -iso licences granted to brewers, cnonial wine mereliants and wine lJ -pirit merchants to the number of 3S ; vq"otal revenue from the licences being 3 £"200 Two applications were post al' 1 to" the "1st inst., and eleven were N' -loivn 'ilie bench intimated their in- i|r-jin of not granting licences to married M -en next vcar, who were living with | > hnshaiid's, unless it was satisfactorily 8 '-ted that the husband was incapable of a'- cling til the business. It was also la'-f that the liberal donations given by 1 rablicnns Inst year to the poor-box liad | .a'the n>c'ins of relieving numerous cases t .lint and su fieri ng ; nnd at the present 5 — jMlannu of £20 still remninod in hand f ijjiitnbution. ; je Victorian Railway traflic returns show 3 ht tie receipts for the week ending 10th 51 efmber- lt>74, were £10,747 IBs. 9d. ; ag- «3'e, £122.132 13s. 10d.; and weekly nee ilb 353 1 Is. lid. For correspoud- 51 g«eek in 1873 tlio receipts were £18,408 5 7 4 i j nggreeate, £388,034 14s. lid. ; i i J average- £10,807 3s. 3d. The pissen- jj ,-s were — for 1S73, 2;>,793 ; for 1S74, llvji In 1873, 441 miles were open ; in a .4 53!l. The returns of the Melbourne I d Hob-son's Bay Railway lines give the 8 Jlomng — Receipts for week ending lOtli 8 Member, 1S74, £2370 ISs. 5d. ; aggregate, iTf.OOO Gs. 5d.; average, £3177 its. 7d. i,r' corresponding period in 1873 the figures rae; Receipts for week, £2403 7s. 3d. ; laregate, £79,847 15s. fid., and average, 3:1 lis. 2d. Passengers, 1873, 140,877 ; Kt, 153,402. The moonlight concert in aid of the Pro- t«sat and Catholic Orphanages tork place liflcgbt, at the Botanical Gardens, and was in eter manner a success. The arrange- neiitioithe committee were very effectively a mid out. Lamps of nil lines were lit tircigfcout the gardens, and Mr. Johnson, the pyrotechnist, and Mr. .T. Riby, who lid liree of the illuminations, were very Kccesifiil in their efforts. The menbers of the German Licdertnfel, led by Mr. B. Levey, and conducted by Herr Scdeand heir Tlock, gave several good seeetions, mono which were the galop Soldnten iitder, On the Watch, the overture Domino Noir, Des Lowen Erwachen, the waits Hydroputcn, the Soldiers' Chorui from Fanst, Lucia di Lammermoor, aud tie galop ifosellc. The orchestra played the overture lo Zampa, Strauss' waltz, Life in Vbnna, a .election from William Tell, and otler well icoim pieces. The net proceeds of the con ceit will be nbont £250, and the pronoters, sicouraged by the success attending their corts, have decided to repeat the enter- tiinment on Monday evening next, A Christmas Tree prize distribution, in aid i! the building fund of Triuity Church, ionth St. Kildn, was opened yisterday iftrnoon, in the Assembly Hall Grey, mist, by the Rev. Dr. Boake, in-umbent of the church. A large attendance vas pre- nut, especially in tire evening, wieu the lall va thronged. The ladies of he con- frsxion have been very diligent for tho Intiix months in preparing for tin event, icJ certainly they have to be complmented fcrfie manner in which the Christnns Tree in been carried out. The hall vas very lidy decorated with iiowers aid ever- pus, aud presented a handsnmeappear- k. During the evening Mrs Ohas. irk performed some selections <J music z the piano with her usual nbilty, and nil a I lady and gentlemen amntcirs con futed to the evening's enjoyment under uecnnduotorshipof Mr. J. Ure, orgjiist of i; church. The tree will remain opa until :>morrow night. Mils Eleanor Carey will take a frrewell ieuelit this evening, at the Opera douse, irdonthe occasion will appear as Incline :: the Lady of Lyons, Her assistaits will le:— Mr. W. G. Carey as Claude Mdnotte, Mr. Bracy as the General, Mrs. Wood ridge u Madauie Dcschapelles, and Miss Wool- dridge as the Widow. The prodmtiou of lie drama with this, in many reaper?. s, new cut, will be watched with considenble in- trat, and the many friends of Mia Carey ire pretty sure to muster in force togivo her i benefit that will be something mots than a complimentary recognition of her scwiccs. The Fitzrov Philharmonic Societygavo its leeond concert last evening, in tie town lull, Napier-street. Although the atendnnee wis 1st from being numerous the concert miy fairly be considered as veiy far in advsres of its predecessor, whether with r-pri to the vocal or instrumental render ing of the programme. The committee of the society have chosen for theii now con- lact'.tiMr.Tlios. J. Lamble, wliolira had con- iderablo musical ex-perience, and ipparontly psaesses many of the qualities which go to ! na & good conductor. Tho priicipal at- taction was Macfarren's May Diy (which mould not bo confounded with Sterndnle Eeanett's May Queeu), produced fir the tirst time in Melbourne, and which conning some very delightful instrumentation, and also sinie delicious melodies in the vocal portion. The voices were not very well balinced, but the effect was good for a first production, and reflects considerable credit on the lonductor, whoseoredthe music throughout ferthebaud. The remainder of the programme, rhioh was sgreenhly short, was chosen jidiciously, "jinjirisiug Gemian, Italian, bench and Lislisii music, in which the conposor re- pic;eiiting the latter (Bishop) was certainly u»t behind his companions. Miss E. houhleiiay and Miss A. Doublelay, with Mi. Mudden and Mr. Hodgson, conposcd a lety respectable quartette of soloits. The Miaej ljoubleday, who are pupii of Mr. Mitsula, were very successful in their dforts, their voices showing evdenee of pcoJ baiuing and style, very superior to tint commonly heard among amateur tiagers. The hand nnd chorus vere very mid considering the youth of tb Bociety. Mm. Lamble acted as pianist. ; I The concert which is to be giver for the Ihnefit of Mr, W. S. Lyster, at 1he Town I nail, on Saturday evening, promisis to be as I till patronised by the public as be excel- I lace of the programme and the merits of I hi IfutHeia ire deserve. Tho seas, in the I iservcd portion of the hall aro iow nnm- I bed, so that the public are sure of being I ale to get the exact place which they en- I Pge and pay for. It is more thai probable I kit Saturday next will be the list oppor- I fctity of hearing the principal numbers of I keopera company, as most of than intend jittsruingto Europe. h our advertising columns will b found the van (cements made by tbe Victorha Railway "ibrilies for the holiday excursion Tains. ,ia alteration is nnnounced in tin running of kitaudridge trams, to commence >ii the 2tith w, he aufTerere by the recent fire atBarlton ac- wiledge their thanks to tho captun, foreman titembersof tbeHotbam fire biigde for their guess iu raising a subscription a their be- kutLE Ciiocolats.— Made in One Mlate Without I'-'g.— Tho eh-ivc articiea are prepare! exclusively j Taylor Brothers, the largest unuitacturera in 'Vfc, and sold in tin-lined packets oryi bv Store- «»u and others ail over tho world. Steam Mills, jTMjve, London. Export Chieory yils, Broges, SiworATmc Cocoa.— This original preparation at ittaiiied a world-wide reputation, ad is manu- by Taylor Brothers under the al'est Homteo- : advice, aided by the skill :uid cxpeienco ol the -'tntors, and will lie found to coinbia in an enii- atgree tlie purity, lino aroma, ud.Tiutritious \- petty ol the fresh nut. XtRAvn.i.a Cocoa.— Tuylor Brothers, tho largest vaucturers of cocoa iu Kuroiw, liavin: the exeiu- etaDply ol this unrivalled eoeon, iuvit«com|Ktrison , " y other cocoa for purity, fine arota', sanative, " 'titeand austaiuiug power, easiness I digostion, J'wJ'W'ally high delicious flavor. Of. trial will cm il 119 a Isyorhe Itcverage for brakfast, iuu- t v "I 3 &tfhing; refreshment aftera'ite evening, vaution. — " Mururiila' is a regiiercd trade Cocoa.- The Globe sayt ! "Taylor " vrs «anvil'a Cocoa ifta uchlevei i thorouffh cvory ot!icr eooa in the Entire solubility, a delicate or.ma, and a ' cunceiitration «%I tbe purest cieinens'ot iiutri- bifi.?111®'1 1'19 Uaravilla Cocoa abo«»U others, mralsds and dyspeptics we could not iefeomn>6nd acrrtjreeaMe or valuable beverage," .for further b it « pPl'iions ride Standard, ilosjng Post Journal, £c. - 