DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRES: On Friday last-the Portland Guardian' reports-about 11 a.m., a. fire.broke out on. Mr. Francis Henty's Merino Downs estate, and we learn that nearly half the grass on the run is consumed, with COO sheep, and that it was only by the best of'good fortuno a flock orflocks of 7,000 sheep were.got over the Merino Creek in time to save thom from total destruction, and that the exertions made to save the sheep had the effect of knocking up no less than six horses and probably as many men. With the grass and sheep destroyed we learn that a great length of cross fencing is burned, and the loss upon the whole will be very great. But we regret to leam Mr. Henty is not the only sufferer in this disastrous fire. The German farmers, selectors on the run, and others have had their crops destroyed, but by great exer. tions their homes wero preserved. The fire' continued the whole of Friday, and was only finally extinguished at half-past 6 a.m. on Saturday, and there were probably more than 150 men at work beating down the flames. The heat about 11 o'clock till 2 or 3 on the afternoon of Friday was so intense that all labour in the fields, such as shearing or binding, had to be suspended, and those having great experience state that Friday, 2nd January, in the current year, showed greater heat than any day in the last year, or for some preceding years, We also leam from the gentleman who supplied the news of the Merino fire, that a earner called Foster had his dray laden with wool consumed, near Digby ; but it is by no means certain in this case how the fire originated. The report is that Foster camped at the one-mile waterhole, was searching for his bullocks when the wool ignited, and when lie returned, both the wool and wood-work of his dray were consumed, and all that re- mained was the iron. The wool, we leam, was consigned to Messrs. Croaker, Scott, and Co,, Portland, but our informant was unable to say to whom the wool belonged originally. What adds to the strangeness of the wool and dray catastrophe, is that no bush-fire was in the direction of Foster's camp, and unlees the theory of spontaneous combustion will account for the destruction of the dray and wool, there is no apparent present ex. planation. With reference to the fire at Merin» Downs the Coleraine correspondent of the HamiltonSpeclatorsayB :-"M'Crea, a farmer, is burned out of house and home, losing crops and everything ; Cameron, about GO acres of crop burned ; Greenburg lost all his crop, besides a barn which was burned to the ground ; Nolan, a large quantity of crop burned ; M'Mullen burned out; Murray lost all his crop .; and there are one or two more who nie supposed to have suffered more ot less, but the above-named are the heaviest losers. It appeals the lire originated on Mr. Francis Henty's run, and w-us caused by a man cmploj-ed on the run to out down thistles. This man, on arriving at the place where he had to work, at once made a fire to boil his billy and vv bile aw aj to the creen to fill the billv with water a whirlwind swept the lire away dropping it among the lons grass and ot couise once started it could not be stopped The man made no secret ot ii but vv eut with all haste to the station but by the time assistance had arrived the fire had made too much headw iv and coul 1 not be stopped 1 hua this one man has been the means of ruining manv besides putting otheisto such losses as it will take them j ears to recov oi , lrom a Pensum st lettei kindly pla'cl at our disposal sajs the Wai mamboo1 Ad zeitisa wo leam that on Inday last !t senous bush flic did considerable damage 1 very blade of grass on the Mount was con sumed together with a lot of Mi Tvvomeys joung trees and some 20 actes of "UulkarcS splendid crop of wheat estimated at nothing urder 40 bushels to tho acre The whola paddock contained 120 acres but about bu were saved A woman was airested on sus- picion of having wilfully caused the Mf The heat of the day was frightful senouisr affecting all who assisted to extinguish wo fire Mr John Hutton was earned into Mr _vvomeys house insensible, bat bo gradually recovered A MEMBER of the International who was condemned to two j ears imprisonment at Mulhouse was let loose for the purpose ot marri mg and tho ceremony was followed; oy a repast and a stroll on the banks of t ne Rhine for a three hours honeymoon J »o bridegroom then returned to Ins cell for tnc remaining l8 months confinement. 