AMATEw c EsNTrBTAlcaENr. - The reappearance on Saturday night of the local amateure in an en tertainment in aid of the funds to purchase colors for the Goultbrn volanteer corpn was hailed with great enthusiasm, the mechanics' hall beingoreowded with a large and appreciative aulience, which aor (although somewhat sparsely) studded with memhers of the corps in full-dress uniform. The company's brass hand formed an excellent orchestra and played daring the evening. Before raising the curtain, Mr. R. Harvey, stage manager, came forward, and in a short speech intimated that the lady who bad charge of the heroine's character in the opening piece (Lidy Auoley's Secret) had a most severe cold, and he begted their indulgence on her behalf. He also re marked that he had received a letter from the mayor, in which that centleman regretted his inability to "e present, but had enclosed a cheque for one guinea towards the colors. The programme was then en '-red into with the spirit of a well-trained and -ficient company of professional actors, and the vlice stirred the house to the most vivid manifests -ions of approval. As to the caste of character in this drama, the amateurs appear to have taken srme .re, for their adjustment was gool. Old Luke Ilarks (Mr. Harvey)-who unperceived by her, rtnessnes Lady Audley strike with a hatchet rnd push George Talboys into the well to ac 'namplish her iniquitous designs, which deed, in Luke's mind, places her in the position of a " gold mine," from which he can " draw till there be nought left"--elicited the heartiest applause, and tld well with the audience. Messrs. J. J. Kennedy and W. Me Govern as Robert Audley and George Talboys were letter-perfect, natural, and at nome, and not one flaw was occasioned by them in their heavy parts; while they were properly sup corted by Messrs. D Kennedy as Sir Michael Audley 'nd J. Folthrm us Alicia Audley. A word now .hout the gentler sex, Lldy Aulley and Phmse' dtarks. On this ocoasion the difficulty with the tsnateurs of procuring the services of ladies to im. ,srronate the female characters was overcome; and ne first appearance of the two laIies on Saturda) ':ight was an undoubted success. . Both promise in inoe to gain a good reputation. Lady Audley (at. ,'aned by Miss Georgina Alams) was, considering all natters, particularly well portrayed, and this is not rely our, but the universal opinion. Her intolligenc. ,nd power of conveying a conception of the weighty :haracter entrusted to her left a very favorable im ,ression ; and had she been in voica still greater jlstico woull have been given to the caste. Phlohe acrks (Mles Janet Davidson) was very good; and although perhaps not oentitled to greater credit thant tor tollow-artinte, eho may claim a fair share of the stame for her general anoting and in particular for the ltatinctrness of her words. A musical interlude fol towed, being opened with r song by Mr. J. Fowler .,niitled Pen Minutes Too Late. This was encored, when Mrs. Leoper elf.-otively sang Drien frote Home; and on being encored that lady renderle 'he song, Wouldn't You Like to Know. Mr. W. D mnalid reoeived a warm encore for singing Oom' plaints One Thousand, and he in part repeated it. Mr. H. White accompanied each song on the piano forte. A mostamusing afterpiece, the Artf rl D idge, concluded the evening's entertainment. The ladies again appeared in this piece; and, as if influenced by the encouragement lavished so warmly upon them in the opening piece, they played with tn creased exactness and taste. The crusty old Grudge was appropriately nasty to all who came within his reach; Fitz-Fudge appeared a venturesome charuc ter ; and Tim Trundle and the Artful D,,dger were the height of tun, ando this couple deserve spocial acoment for the continued u, roar they caused among the audience by their comiaalities, more especially the manttouvres of the Dodger in his weoll-executed movements as a short-armed orator behind the back of Flta Fudge. Tnias part of the farce put the audience in ecutacios while it lasted; and on the whole the entertainment may be classed among, if nrot at the head of, the beot given by our local acnataurs . SUDDEN DEATH.—A young married woman named Emma Mc Intosh, aged twenty-seven years, who had recently come up with her husband from Syd- ney, died very suddenly at the residence of Mr. Aldridge, Bourke street, on Monday evening about nine o'clock. Her husband, who is attached to the police, on his return from duty on Monday after noon, found his wife suffering from the effects of a fright caused by her child being nearly choked. She asked her husband about nine o'clock to write to Dr. Muller, who had been attending her in Sydney, and who had stated that her heart was extremely diseased, and that she must avoid excitement or frights. While her husband was writing she went into another room, and, asking her sister for a drink, suddenly fell into her arms, gave two or three gasps, and expired An inquest was held, and the opinion of Dr. Davidson having been taken as to the cause of death, a verdict was returned of " died from disease of the heart." Ftue. BtUOAOe.-An adijourned meeting relative to the formation of a fire.briuado was hold on Blonday evoeing in the muntcipel council chamber, DAr. R. Uraig .onior in the chair. There was a very small attendance. It was moved by MIr. Wilkie, seconded by MIr. odeeoll, and carried, that the brigade be coanidered as formed, and that those who had ex proeseod their willingnoas to join should now form a committeo to prepare a code of rules to be submitted to a future meoting. MIr. Bltts, who at the previous meeting had undertaken the duties of secretary pro eint., woa roquested to not permanently, but consented to ,to so only until some other porson could be found to necept the office. It wos resolved that tho secretary communiuatu with seoeral other brigades asking ior copias o'f their rules, and that the first meeting of the brigade take placo on Monday next. This coocludod the business. TIe WE\VATIIER AND BU8ett-Fttrs.-Tho weather continues hot and dry. It is now a long time ainoo we have been favoured with rain, and the waterholeu are dried up, and the grass is becoming brown and like tinder. Bush-fires have been very frequent, and have approachud the town more closely than an tany previeus iceeaion, hurning off the grass il Bluelt thtaw'a podloclu. Mr. OGeorgeo olo of ltulton on the Wollondilly hea sufflred damago by the destructon of grTan and fences to the amount of about £400. Showers that would extinguish these fIres are much needed i but ao harvest is now in progress, it would peralehp bit e well if continuous rain were not to tall just yet. Thoer in however no doubt that the coun try in beginning to ruffir from drought anrd that with the amounl t of utock now on most of the hold. ings, thin heas hcomit a etrious matter. Pirayer for rain have bnt oelffred tup in the churches on the lIst two luattl,.ye. [Hince the above was written, ntutttly at ivein o'cloclt last evening, we were visited with a gotl chewer accomplnied by thunder and lightning j Post Ocrrce 't'It-TA'IULl't.-I.ne the first column of this page will be found the post-oflico time-tuble with thoe lterations rendered neceseary by the now railway arr.n4.tmunto, On the whole these are grouet improvoaienlte; but it has boon suggested, and we think wisely, that by expediting the arrival of the mails from the interior great ndvantages could be obtained. The mails now leave Goulburn at 0.35 a.m. for Bruidwood, litnuro, Yues, Melbourne, &o.; ; and arrive from these places at 0,40 -just flive minutes liter. The consequence is that letters from Gunning, YTes, or places beyond including lel bourne, for Braidwood and Queunbeyan must remain la the Goulburn post-ofico twenty.four hours beforo they can he for warded, and fr C?oma from twenty. four to forty-eight hours; and rvciereos. Tnis might In avoided hv making the mill ,arrive here about blif an boor earlier. Unless some very strong bj-ction to this exists, of which we are not aware, it I would appear that such a change would be a great pollic ndvnltue. HEEFORDn CArTLE.-W? are informed that some Herelord buldocke, not quite three years old, bred by the Me-ers ilhePon Brothers on their Bland taltion, realised in Melbourne, in a very full marker, £l0 17s. Gd. each. This speaks well for the early maturity of the Herefords, anti also proves them good travellers in a dry rseaon like the present. TO.A-31E ?TIS AT IucMUtoLL. --Amongst the attrae tions of B ,ing-day wes a toe-meeting at Miammoll hid in order to nuppl-mont funds for the repair and improvement of the Wesleyan church in that locality. A good many people from town took ad -antage of the holiday for an excursion into the country; and the residents of Mummell and neigh. bourhood mustering in strong force, the whole made up a respectable assemblage. Games of various kinds were improvised until one o'clock, when tea was served. The commodious booth in which the repast was spread proved too small to occnm modete at once the numerous guests, who apparently taxed the resources of the ladies who nopplied the tables. However, there was enough and to spar ; and when all had appeased their appetites, a public meeting was h Id, the socts being arranged in the open air roond the door of the booth. The Rev. W. J. Kt Pid lington took the chair; and after a hymn had been sung and prayer offered, be oex plained the object for which the meeting had been held. He said that they were about entering into a contract for improvint the chorch, and the snm re quired for this purpose would he about £100. He gave an interesting address, urging those present to make a strong effort to eubecrihn the amount r. quired without delay. Mer. . Worrll nexrt ad dreosed the meeting at some length. He horn testimony to the doaire on the part of the Mummell people to attend divine servico and of the encourage ment he habut received from time to time when preaching to them. IMr. J. W\earno then came for ward, and in a practical speech urged them to build a place for God which would be a credit to them. Subscriptionelists were then taken round, and the sum of £41 was raised. Mr. E. Youongman moved a vote of thantke to the ladies who had prepared so excellent a repast, and this was roeponded to by three lusty cheers being given. After the benedic tion had been pronounced, a general stampede was made for home. Tire YAss ELECTION. -We understand that the following are the principal grounds which will be relied upon in the petition against the return of bMr. Michael Fitzpatrick for Yass Plains:-That the returning-officer roluend to accept the nomination of air. Shipway and did not include his name in the ballot-papers; that though the roturning-offieer refused to do this on the ground that Mr. Shipway had nomilatod Mr. Fitzpatrick, hbe yet refused to accept bis nomination of Fitzpatrick and allowed that gentleman to be further nominated by other persons; that the ballot-papers from Crookwell and Grahhen Gullen were sent by post through the Goulhurn post-office and did not reach the returning officer till after he had declared the state of the poll; and that a person other than a candidate's poll-clerk or scrulinere was allowed to be present in the balloting-room at Yass while the voting was going on and to handle the ballot-papers and ballot- box. The sections of the Electoral Act bearing on these allegations are the 37th, 41dt, i52td, and 63rd. ALansr or Ftrae.-Ahout half-past ten on Saturdey night esme person looking in at the window of Riley Brothers' drapery estahlishment fining Auburn dtreot, observed a piece of burning charcoal full from the top of the enclosure round the inside of the window on to some article exhibited for sale in the window. An alarm was given, and upon insp ction it was found that the flame from the lamp in the window had ignited a ced'cr casing. This had smouldelored till burnt through, when a pine beam ignited and had burnt for some inobes. Means were at once taken to subdue the fir, and were successful. l'ortunately the piece of charcoal fell on i felt hat, which only emouldered. Had this happened in the other window something disasetrous would probably have ensued, as all the articles in that window were of a highly inflammable nature; or had not the charcodl been seen to fill, the chances are that as the closing of the shop the lamp would have been turned town without the fire being discovered, as the cedar was only slightly burnt, while the flro was gradually acquiring srrength in the pine boam, and was hidden from view by the cedar. tSAL or O ,own LANDS.-A sale of country and town lota wam held on Monday at the court-ouseo, Goulburn. Lot 4, 40 acres, in the county of Georgians, parish of Loighwood, was purchased at the upset price of £1 per acre by Mr. Jamnes Burnett. Lot 2, in the county of Argyle, parish of Collector, containing 64 acres 3 roods, which were said to he improved to the extent of £100, was put op at £2 16s. 61. an acre, but found no bidder. Lite 0 to S inolusive, being town lota in section 114 and 115 in No.rth Goulburn, containing from 2 roads 11) pe-ohes to 311 perches, were put up at the rate of £30 an ore, but attraoted no notion. New YeAR OUTRnpES.-It has in times past been the fr, qoent habit for idle persons to roam about the streets for the purpose of what they term seeing the old year out and the new year in, and in doing oe to inflict loss and injury upon the townsmen by remov ing signs, door-plates, gates, &o.; The last throoe or four yer howenveor little has boon heard of those outragee probably owing to bettor police supervision. We hope that on the present oceasion tbo mounted troopers will be instructed to patrol the town, nos it is easy to see that the footmen are insufficient in num. ber and not quick enough in their movements to cope with different bands in distant parts of the I towns. ALLEGED MANSLAUGHTER AT NARANDERA.—The inquest upon the child, John Jackson, who was sup posed to have died from the effects of some whiskey alleged to have been given to him by a man named Shiels during a drunken spree with deceased's father, was held by the district coroner at Bradley's Riverine Hotel on Friday last. From the evidence, it would seem that the accused gave the child two nobblers of raw whishey for "a little sport." Shortly afterwards the boy fell into a stupor, from which he never recovered. He was attended by Mr. Trollope, who administered the usual remedies, but without effect. The deceased child was four years of ago. Shiels was fully committed for trial upon the charge of manslaughter.—Wagga Wagga Express. BRntIoaNE.-TOursday.--A boat has been beached at Gape hloreton about a quarter of a mile from the light house. Her crow consisted of two escapere from New Oaledonia. They describe themselves as communists. The boat is a small life- boat. They had but one oar and a makeshift rudder, and a spritsail made of bags. The men say they have been fourteen days out. They had no compass, and steered by the sun. They had but one biscuit and one pint of water remaining. Their blouses are numbered five thousand six hundred and four, and five thousand and eooentoon.-James MoPherson, alias the Wild Scotchman, has boon released from St. Heolna, owing to his industry and good conduct. -The washing-up in the Now Zeland prospector's claim, Gytmpie, yielded nearly 1600 ounooe.-Tele. gram to Empire. Scveon FlosTs AT BRnIDWOOD.-On Thursday there was a heavy frost, and a resident of Krawarree informs us that at break of day the ground was as white nos it is in the winter. In the neighbourhood of Six Mlil Filt the potatoes have been completely destroyed, while at Exeter Farm not a vegetable that is esureptible to front is left.-Dispatch. QUoANDEYAN Er.ncrote.-At noon on Thursday last the returning-offlier made the offlcial declaration of the polling for the abovne eletorato as follows: Woright Forster O'Neill Quanmbeyan ............... 1t2O ' 601 t Canberra . .................. 47 1 Olniudurro ............... 45 , 0 4 3tole nglo ....................ll ] 7 4 Ilos?tlugto u ............... 3 12 0 Laoyoa ..................... 1 11 0 tuoAngo doro ............... t8 8 6a Oundaroo .................... 30 r 7 8 3n lcalago ....................e 2 2, 1 Tota ls ..... 0 4 b35 44 3Mjority for Wrlgbht........ 10L Ho therefore declared Mr. John James Wright to be duly elected to represent the electoral district of Qaoanbeyan in parliament (Loud cheers.) Mr. Wright, Mr. M. Byrno (loc Mr. Forester), and Mr. O'Neill thanked the el ctors. " Donno -Saturday. -A dreadful murder was com mitted at Gilgandra. Full particuluta are not yet to habund.--Aseociatod Press telegram. CAne InrTELLIOeNOc.-London, via Singaporo, December 25.-Au exprees train on the Groat WVc. tern Railway ran off the rile near Shipton, and the carriaoges, containing a large number of passongors, were precipitated into tihe canal. Thirty lives wore lost. -A terrible explosion has occurred in a colliery in Staffordebire, resulting in the deatb of twenty persons. Coolf,-A-oMndy,--At thb nomioalion or, A, MInnagie was pronosnI by ?. Jlm~s L~tchfl-!d, and eecondod by )Jr. James H.in; Mlr. H. 31. Josph wa, p"wposed bv Mr. H. D.-'nn, and e.cn.ll by Mr William Oliver. Mr. D. O'Connell wI[ proposed by Mr. 0. Spring, and a-eolddd by 0. Mould. There wan a large and onlerly nltnndanc... The show of bade wo l.r4"Iy in favour of Mr. Montaguo. F.or Mr. Joseph aln for Mr. O'Connll about ton hands .ere held up Mr. Joseph dunanded a pull.-Anso. ciat.d Pront teeg0rtm. 