MILLICENT. (From our own Correspondent.) October 12. On last Monday, the 5th inst., Mr; Edward Wehl picked up on the beach opposite Lake Bonney, in about a direct line with Milne's Gap, a corked bottle, which, on examination, he perceived contained a piece of paper having the following in pencil:-"Lat. 39° S.; long. 139° E. Ship Highflyer. Oct. 28, 1873.- H. W. MASON. By the date it has been nearly 12 months since it was committed to the mercy of the waves and currents. As near as can be made out the bottle has come in a direct northern line to its landing place. I enclose the original paper as handed to me by Dr. Wehl. . According to announcement, on Thursday the 8th inst. was laid the foundation stone of the first chapel to be erected in Millicent. At about 2 p.m. the Rev. Sir. Dingle commenced the proceedings with an appropriate hymn, and then called on Mr. Waters to lay the stone. Mr. Waters said he had been requested by the Trustees to perform the ceremony. He had heartfelt pleasure in responding to the honor. The stone he was about to lay they would all perceive was on a rock-the most appropriate for their church that could have been chosen. He then pronounced the stone to be well and truly laid m the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The Rev. Mr. Dingle then gave a short address, in which he pointed out the leading tenets of his Church, showing that it was no sectarian in its principles. They had, with the assistance of kind friends, opened a chapel a few miles from here, and feeling that the spiritual wants of their church sought attention in Millicent they had determined to make an effort to supply that want, and he felt rejoiced to be able to promote the building of the first church in the place, and he asked them all to join with him in asking God's blessing upon their work. He then' read a psalm, and offered up prayer. The company then adjourned to Mr. Law's store, where a first-class spread was speedily disposed of, and then the lads and lasses devoted their energies to various games upon the green. A good match of football afforded fun and exercise, being thoroughly well contested. The captains were Messrs. H. Bennett and Florance. After about an hour's play no goal was kicked, and the game was drawn. In the evening a meeting was held in the schoolroom ; Mr. Waters in the chair. Mr. 0. Chambers presided at the harmonium. Ad- dresses were given by Messrs. Watson, Dingle, and Waters, and the Messrs. Chambers gave recitations. The total 'cash taken for the day is about £20. I am informed that there is about £200 in hand. The proposed building will be 28ft. x 38ft. 16 feet high, facing George- street. Mr. Joseph Bridges has the contract for the mason work. The Rev. Mr. Dingle, having received a call, will probably settle here at about the New Year. On Saturday Messrs. Glen and Wehl, Justices attended to hear a case in which Mr. Williams, our schoolmaster, summoned Mrs. J. H. Moon for assault and abusive language. The lady Failing to put in an appearance, a warrant was issued to compel her attendance. I hear that our Turf Club is likely to offer substantial prizes to be run for at Christmas time. A strong Committee has been formed. We have had a sharp and sudden test of what our summer is likely to be. Yesterday 92 ° was registered in the shade, and a perfect brick- fielder assured us that there is still dust in the land. Bushfires have also made a start. Our crops are looking magnificent. Mr. Florence announces a sale of cargo, &c.;, ex wreck of the Wave Queen, for Saturday, 24th inst. I should like to draw your readers' attention to a valuable contribution by Mr. Graham in the Australasian of September 12th on the indication of fluke. I have full faith in the Plan he adopts of giving plenty of salt to sheep for fluke. Mr. Graham merely scatters salt on the ground, about 1 oz. to each sheep, and allows the sheep to lick it up, which they will readily do. I have no doubt but that an addition of sulphate of iron would prove like wise beneficial in some cases. 