OUR PORTFOLIO. During the six mouths ending December 31 last, unly 131 souls were sent for under the Imunigratioa Retgulntious. in the month of DLoaeiboer 3,211 persons arrived in the colony by soea, and 2,578 de parted by the same uleausa It is anticipated that thi revenue derived' from the collection of duty on goods crossing. the Murray will be very small for the noext six months. Strenuous efforts are being made to got the occupation branch of the Lands department into working order by the middle or end of next mouth. A shipment of greyhounds, one of the best ever landed in this colony, has arrived from London in the ship Loch Nose. Mr J. C. HL. Ogier has been appointed police magistrate, warden of the goldfoelds, and coroner for Victoria, and will anot as such at Wood's Point, Jamieson, Gaffney's Crook, and Jericho. A despatch from General Sir Garnet Wolseley, dated from the Gold Coast, Jan. 25, stated that Koaie Calcilli, the king of Ashantco, Ilhs accepted the terms proposed to him as the price of pence, and has promised to pay an indemnity of £200,000. The troops weore halted at a distance of 30 miles from Coonmassie. Hume hbs telegraphed to Sydney that he will send further particulars of the Loloh ardt IExpedition. A minernamed Nakorvis has beetn seriously injured by a large block of stone falling upon him in the New Calodouia mines, near Usele maine. The S. A. Attorney-General has stated that law reform and education will be the two chief subjects for consideration next session, Thae WeVleyan Conference at Adelaide has carried a resolution that it is desirable the conference ehould be composed of an equal numuber of ministers and layman. The consideration of the terms of the programme to be submitted to the country is now uocopying the attention of the o.l?.i not. With Mir Casey's return to town, the Cabinet now being comuplete, full considera. tion will be given to the details of this imlportant matter, Wild cats (says the Ueelony Aduertlier) are becoming very numerous in the Duck Ponds district. On a moonlight night a young man went out and, with the aid of a stick and dog, destroyed forty of the vermin. Riots have occurred in conseqenceo of the levying of the Lauuceston railway rate, and the Governor will probably not attund the races, aud likely be obligoed to postpone his visit to New Zoaland. Special constables have been delaslpathl, more are following, and alnso concentrating from other places. The .epresenalluve states that the railway .to ,laryborough from Castletmalno was tested for a couple of miles beyond Guild. ford on. Wednesday. The trial was satls factory, and proved that the work had bests well executed. A spouhnen of coal taken from a seam ast Wester Port, 2 ft. 8 in. thick, has been forwarded to Dallarat, and pruuonounced to be of. lirst class quality. The lnoods have swept away houses at ?doillsadl, New South WVaes, ano others are enduagered, Awriter in the Creas?ick Adeertser says: "It seems that the farmers are threatened with another and serious plague, namely, the ' clover dodder.' We are informed the Alsike clover on the Smnaton Agricultural Society's Experimental Farm has been at tacked by this parasite in several places, and that it is rapidly extending itself to the other varieties of clover adjoining." The Geelong.Advertiser reports that " there have been several very large bush-fires raping for the past week in the Mount Doran, Lao Lal, and Little forest ranges. In the Lal Lal ranges the fire came down four miles wide. So imminent was the danger at the Little Diggings, that the miners had to strike their tents and run for it. No very serious losses have as yet been sustained, but the fires are still raging." Mr Fitguibbon, town clerk of Melbourne, and Mr O'Shanassy have been talking poll. tics at a social gathering in Melhourne. The remarks are described as not only hav. ing been offensive to those menmbers of the Cabinet present, hut in execrable tsete. It is rumoured in Melbourne that Mr A. B. Wells will be anoointed Acting-Chief I Engineer during Mr T. IHigiubothban's ab. aence from the colony. Two more fatal mining accidents have oc- curred at Sandhurst, the victims being two men named Thomas Bromley and Edward Jones. The first occurred through careless- ness. The cage was run up to the top of the poppet head and the chain breaking as the cage was falling struck Bromley on the head and killed him on the spot. David Donald, formerly employed at the Melbourne railway etation, and discharged more than a year since, has ennomencei no action againsn the uovernment for £1(100 damages for wrongful dmimissal. A little boy served the writ on 'Mr Gillies. A shoemaker named Porter, re.ieding near .Avna, after cutfing the throats of hIis three children, committed suicide by banning him. self from a rafter in his house. He was a 1 great believer in spiritualism, The skeleton of a man has been found in the. bush between Inglewood and Wedder- I burn. It is supposed to be that of a man, name unknown, who was reported to the 1 police in December last as wandering about in the neighbourhood of some farms near H which the remnins were lying when found. "Colonial broom making," savs the Ovena t and Murray Advtertier, "is rapidly assuming very large proportions, and there is no doubt I that very soon American brooms will be driven completely out of the marlket. The crop of broom millet this season is by far t the largost and finest the growers have yet had, and is calculnted to yield half a ten of the material, freed from the seed, per acre." The Buninynne tin turns out to be some- t thing like the Tasmanian almsn. A num- o .ber of persons have inspectedl the samples, ii and the general opinion expressed was that I they were not tin ore, but zireoons and sap phires, which it is said are commionly found 1 in the drifts about Runinyong and the I Durham lead. A noew political organisation is about to ' he formed in Melbourne, aonlled the " Work ing-man's Political Association." the aim a being to secure at the forthcoming elections t the return of representatives plodged to ft support-1. Protection to labour. 2. A f land tax. 3. Eight-bhours' labour. 4. An! i absentee tax. 5. Electoral Reform ; Redio. a tribution of seats; reform of the Upper T Houso. O. Postal Reform ; Abolition of ti postage on newspapers ; redO ction of past. tl age on letters. 7. No assisted immiigration. ti 8\. Mining Reform ; Legalising mining on of private property ; reduction of mieors' right to from Bs to Is. Li ________A' 