A WEEK or two ago we laid a flat tering unction to our soul that We had got ri& of the simmering heat of suni mer, and, with it, of bush-fires, but in imagining anything of the sort we reckoned without our host. From some of our country correspondents we learn that bush-fires continue, to cause much annoyance, and, here and there, considerable havoc. Years perhaps'have elapsed sinte so much -property was destroyed by bush-fires as during the present season. By persons residing, as we do, at the sea side, a hot and dry seasun such as we have been experiencing this year is very i m perfectly understood,-though it must be admitted that in this in stance, at any rate, " igniorance is bliss." The wind currents of the sea reach us at Fremantle, aud serve to temper the heat which otherwise would prevail even in this region. But once the Darling Rauge is crossed, these cooling cur ents1-the "doctor," does not extend his rounds beyond the hills-and then a hot summor becomes a something not only to endure while it lasts, but also an event to remember for along time after it has passed away in thermometrical oblivion. With the heat and local situation, how ever, no man can deal, In these cases the auxion applies-" what can't be cured must be endured." But surely bush-fires and the destruction they cause to life and property, could be guarded against if persons traveling through the cuuntry only displayed a little more care in their doings. These conflagrations may be divided into four classes. In the fist place, there are those caused by incendiar ism, which, in our op-nion, are very few indeed ; but persons are too apt, when there is any mystery about the origin of a fire, to put it down to this cause, and think the matter settled. In the second place, there are the fires caused by persons, who, camping in the vicinity of grass and bush, are too reckless or too lazy to extinguish the embers on their departure. An other prevalent cause of bush- fires is the spilling of matches, in situations favorable to combustion; the lucifers being trod upon explode, and the re sult is a mysterious conflagration. Smokers, again, produce many a bush fire by carelessly flinging away the ignited match with which they have lit their pipes-a piece of profound stupidity (we mean the throwing down of the match alight and not the lighting ot the pipe therewith). On a former occasion-we called at. tention to this very important subject, with the view of impressing upon the Government :he necessity of bringing legislation to bear upon it, and we now revert to the subject in the hope, that at the next legislative session it will receive the consideration it deser ves. A Bush Fires Act would be quite a useful piece of legislation. No doubt every colonist ought to know by this time the danger of kindling fires in the grass~ and no doubt he does know. But there is such a failing in the human race as forgetfulness, and the infliction of a heavy fine or, in de fault a short term of imprisonment would bring forcibly to the minds of travellers a necesary piece of p ence which at present they are in the habit of overlooking. Such an Act as we advocate . has been placed in the statute- book of South Australia and Victoria, and. every year the public are formally reminded of its provisi ons. By this means there is little doubt the farmers have been saved from many a disaster, and the number of fires have been greatly reduced. By one clause of the South Australian Act b person burning hay or stubble is. not only bound to give a day's notice to adjoining owners, but also to have four assistants with him to beat out: the flames. Another section is direc ted against indiscriminate fire-lighting in the open air by travellers. It stipulates that the quid pro quo shall be the obligation to clear a space all round 10 ft. in depth, as well as to extinguish the fire before leaving-a most necessary precaution. We hope to' see such an Acs added to ottr statute book at the approaching session of Coouncil, and meanwhile, as the sum mer is loth to depart, it is surely not asking travellers too much to be careful where and how they kindle fires, and at the same time to enjoin upon the?.the advis bility of extinguishing the embers when. these fires have served their purpose. The trouble of taking a little precaution is not much to them, whilst it may make all the difference between comfort and ruin to those persons who pos ess property in the neighbourhood of their peregrina tions; AUSTRALhf has often been termed the land.of anomalies, and perhaps man y '-f its curious natural productions :justly, entitle it to the term. But it is not only as regards these that anoma lies ate.to, be found. Possibly so.me of tie most singular idiosyncracies of human 'na'ture are to be detected i the colonial character, and partieu llady in this colony, Does the spirit fi enterptise and perseverance become enervated by a residence here? If not, how is it that" the capabilities of otir 'soil and climate for the cultivation of.,a many articles in daily demand are so. neglected. While- the cultiva tion.of the vine, in all the sister colo ni,,s, is bueing pushed forward with the greatest vigour, in Western Aus tralia alone, where the plant flourishes -in its greatest luxuriance, the pursuit of this branch. of industry, if it main tains the position it gained-years ago, certainly does not progress. This supineness on the part of the settlers is not owing to. the culture of the vine being an unprofitable in dustry, as, on the contrary, we know of many instances in which no other crop could have produced so large a return for the capital and I bor invested. At present, we believe, the most profit able product of the vine is the dried fruit, and the production of raisins is a pursuit which ought to enga?ge the attention of nearly every cuttager in the country, There is no garden so small but that sufficient might be made for the family's own consump tion, and the majority of country re= sidents' have it in their power, witih but little trouble, to produce largely for sale, We believe the production of wine, by a careful selection of site and soil, the right sort of vine, and careful 'anaufa:ture, although requir ing a greater amount of capital, might be made equally if nriot more profitable, But there is another reason, beside the supineness of our settlers, why the manufacture ofcolonial wine is not a more valuable industry than is i--a deep. rooted prejudice against the horie-mrde article. Man has been defined "as a bundle of prejudices," and your full-blown Briton possesses them in greater abundance and of a more obstinate character than any other civiiised being. He carries them with him wherever he goes, Under their arbitrary influence he 'steadily refuses to adapt his diet, his dress,'or his habitations to the climatic conditions of the country to which he emigrates, In the almost tropical heat of an Australian summer he goes about clothei in sweltering broad cloth and a brain-fever-engendering bell-topper. le must have his three heavy meals offreshly killed meat a-day. He prosecutes his labors under a burning sun at noon, in disdain of the wise example of the Spaniards and Italians, who transact their business in the freshness of the morning, or the cool of the evening, and devote the midday to absolute repose. He builds his Australian house, although he shows some signs of amendment in this respect, after an English model, when by following the practice of architects in the south of Europe he might secure shade, coolness, comfort, and pict'es queness. And he fills his cellar with the brandied abominati on compounded and vended in the mother country tnder thenames of port sherry, and claret. His prejudices are in fact, so interwoven with his nature as to be ineradicable. We hope for better things, however, from the rising gener. ation. To them their native land will be all in all, and they will feel a just, possibly an exaggerated, pride in its products, and they will probably dis cover before many years are over that among the sources of their national wealth the vineyards of the colony will occupy a place not even second to its forests, its pastures, and its fisheries. They will deposit among the curiosi ties of their museums, and cabinets of aptiquities, a bottle ot- two of British port or sherry as remarkable illustra tions ofithe-barbarous tastesandusages of their benighted and prejudiced pro genitors. COLONEL WARBURTOl is very modest in his estimate of the daring ex'ploratory journey he has successfully performed. But modesty is a characteristic virtue of all true heroes, and' in that categor3 who would deny a foremost rank to the gallant explorer who received so hearty a reception in Fremantle and Perth last week. Tha COLONEL, in his speeches, denies any credit to himself for the solution of a terrible mystery that has hitherto baffled all attempts at penetrating it. Who, reading the following letter, addres'ed.. to the patriotic and liberal colonist who fitted out the expedition, and now published for the first time in this colony, can so nmodestly esrinmate the great exploit ac c?'m'plished with such splendid success, Nothing but dauntless courage, un flagging energy, boundless patience and fortitude- qualities, in short, which make leaders famous in history, -could have enabled the aged WAi UaRTrot, and the brave partners of his. toils, to execute so arduous and so hazardous atn enterprise. The letter, full of pathos and touching simplicity, was penned on the arrival of the little party, " gaunt pictures of st fferinir," at the Oakover, and is published pro Bono publico by the courtesy of .its re cipient, the Hon. T. EL}DER, of Ade laide: " Camp on the Oakover, Tat. 21 deg. 9'. "December 13, 1873. ' Dear Mr. Elder-We ,are all alive, and that is all. We have lost everything, and have only two camels left out of 17. Our journey has been difficult beyond all I had supposed possible. We are r'ediced to such a state by famine that we can scarcely erawl 100 yards, and are quite incapable of hard work, or indeed any work at all. '' I send two men with two camels to try to get some help from the station on the De Grey, and this goes by them. I cannot now give you details, Lot knowing who your agents in Perth are. I have written to the Governor of Western Australia to take steps through your agent to send a small '4%ft to take us to Perth: This is the only way we can-get there. We are unable to go by land. It would require anu entire new fit out. and would c;st much. " I may saf;.ly say no exploring party ever endured such protractel suffering as we have done, nor did any one ever cross, with their lives, so vast an ex 'ent of continuous bad country. A man gets great credit for exploring such.a country as we are now in. It is mere child's play ; whilst we untortu nates, I suppose, shall he called fools for fiehting for months against neisfortunes and difficulties which have turned back others in two or thr e days. "I hope to be a' le when in AdeIiade to satisfy you that I havej done all that could he done to get across. We have suc ceeded, and that is one conso ation, "bat our lives have been saved only by the mercy and goodness of God. Our own arm could not help us out of the shadow of death that has fallen darkly upon us on several occasions. '' We are gaunt pictures of suffering, and have nothing but the few sage we stand up in. "The monsoon may delay mie, "I shall, of course, hasten to Adelaide. "Ever yours faithfully, " P. EGERTON WA?oBuRTdN. "The Hon. T. Elder, M.L,.C, Adelaide." hlad the expedition, in which there was certainl) .a terrible element of risk, failed, Colonel WAanuiroN-is ntit per haps far' wrong inl his estimate oif husan nature, whorrehe says he would possibly have the cunsolhtsn of beiilg called a " l " firr ltis pairis, Having associated his name for ev-,r 'with human progsi-ai''by the success of the expedition under his ciuimand, his courage will' claim..honir and sym pathyl ;had lie been: uisuiccessful e. would have' beent cOrisidereil a reckless. and foolhardy adventurer, Thisis the law of humaan natura. COLUM?vs was called a madman by imana a respect able Spaniard ; a&TT; and STEP$EN aoN were laui!led at by their conteti-. puraries-for, in all; such initiativesi which lie between an iimnoise hope and afirightful failure, ive" call the ex perimnentalist a " charlatan," till he obliges us to changes 'hel name into " hero." MtANY electors we fear are unaware of the fact that the time for registration will soon close, In a few days -after next we,,k--it will be im possible for the tardy, the careless, the omitted, to repair the faults of them selves or others, The short interval now left for action is of much moment to those who wish to exercise the- full rights of a " free and itndependent" elector, at the approaching electimns. 'Vo fear that many qualified persons wrill neglect to comply with the forma lities of the Act, and will doom them selves to political nm-existence. There is altogether to much of this lethargic indifference, apathy, and cynicism amongst uis. Fir reasons which go beyond the immediate' horizon and the thought of any impending election, we would say " Register, register." It is the past as well as the future which prompts the counsel, and we proffer it because appearances are ominous of the growth of political indifference and sluggishness, At Athens it was al most a crime to take no part in politi cal life; such estrangement was bran ded as selfishness pure and simple. Were the ancients wrong when they frowned'upon such apathy or cynicism, and prized concern for the State, the common interest of us all, so highly ? We doubt it. They were wiser than their children, who suffer their votes to be idle, and who will not bear testi mony for their convictions by not ap pearing, personally or by proxy, at the polling booth. 