(l'roeaeeelr eo~li(lollitelll.j eseti Ftant.--It Ithlgthly Important that publt atteantion. should be drawn to eCery bueh-iree whiCh tokhe p1ncy, ns tes nsaon of danger is aow upprooelog. A reo ocurred on the npeo-cmptlve rigbt of .er. John tPerhr, nod a quantity o round feoetoe wet buret down. The winu betng high, It weo oly wilth grt t dolteulty that tho rlttvgee of the oire were hinderod. Totmalers ought to beph irtltulanrly aretul. A fow weekbs sineo wel bsereet Ieee tlhn tihtee Caatp-itesee hIlt burntag on the ro od to Goulburn. Iuaureaeo Agotnst Fire.--Wu cre glad to oboerve thatsereral of our residents nre e doptiog the priiecutloinry oot of insur ine their property oagunit flre. ithls eason wo hnve b led morb titat ordlonrtly hlilh westerly oinds, aod the shiogled roofs hero bueome so dry that but a spreael ght tesily occasoon very eerlou+ loys. Praopeetlog.--fhat itdef,?tlai'.le prospeetor, Waetatltatot trowe, ho s been ieua e d for teverl wctleaih peotlo aearchog for tho prievouo mestl tu tnad ahout tle Crookwoelltltver. lto. Inlfornt ua that he is cooelldeit root the coeao reold eeattered eveywhoreo lu suloll tl qaitle t il ice bud of thi elyer that thtere Is it the hieolt hillst adjolilng comele very heave deposlti. ttnlalodn~ mnhlio -ie up e ? y to ii 1cm meothn iced aPeUdiag at teistei acetit mltoR peece1ici of Ito cOpeelod teoeeoee(. Thn Court uldl \VtLct tlouoae.--\ Veare pleased tooeserYo thot rapid progress Is bhelog Uoado iy thu coutrtaotoeo In thin ereetlon. A. lcre propeoreon of the reeesoeery material is on tho geelolutl. OureP lelu Schlonl.--The itepeoere of aehoalt, D. S. Iilohac IEq, Lasjust paid hI e lr? a" o oo erool. Weteero ploeared to ltt tl t thie reeult ofllt Ilispiecllon owns very nllsnfieoery. Our oxcellenit teachlr, Otr. J. 1 ouu0 , hts dono nonders eise+ tle ebloit tih+lod of eerellec. Uleildreeli Treoet -tie loildey, lhe Otch NtOeoeluoe, a greocti treat as afrt u to tido tthe whole elill-lleu of eht ditrloit tbroui t lO kiehlllctes of tlhe ledlees eilo ilrldel the tblea lit tllu Isilo ?eualoyn~ tenmtclOtl~ll 'Tlihre ieu ibuuh uoe hutdrediteo sixty chlld no i preslit. tialei eeed ciuulluaeeyeoeoIlbherlly suplllelld eld the younistetrs O0lediliged llhrooglioul lhe tcly in tle usuol tcclc, iraotlaed ou thuce oreealone. the Elhietiaos.-Creouivell hue bheon viited nerly by ogent I¢? thtl dl? pioa t? ?retfps't uslh pal~ll?r,h 'aa/ hove olroodo oppertrot In'to nneeono 'wlth tho YoRw Pllnot eletoon--"Voto for Itmmonotnnt ; one or ynwrosltes," &o.; In thils elction btoth ezlldhblthIots Ihae 0 llrod tholo intonttoo or visiting us,,o I toolo tvofoo hilo free not ihloplonden t oleo toro thtir-potrlot' loims, Ito tho, A-gyle oetton, ot r,,ally aotion is being thlcn, w1III o pOworfoll cooomlttee is holnog 0ormed on behalf of Mot. Won. Dfyorlo. Tho hoiendt or Mt. lInlt. lorhnre not yet tnhon notlon A tnoPstiow of Mr. tolnvleo'. ommitteo is oalled tor '0 odln ovo evenin next, olon, i e helieve, Ironoengoots oore to be made to gioe Mr. DaIeoL o trlomphont reception. ite ,\rrangowent of tile El. otloon --An omnanwotion of tile dateos of thoe tornuo polloloo in to0e 0,rlh0ootolnoog ohcttiooo r0 veals tile Indoeont portbotity of tho miltotory for thlo intorooto of themolvo s no d frlftodo. Thtus Ihoo tolllnoo for t Sydney, Pfwcastle, Pndrdlnogto, 'rlo Globeh and Pl lotromotto, ttIo Eo stituonclcs of tho minitry, atoo plocoo fiootol ortoc of timeo whilot tho mor0 promolwot of the op0enents of tho novorn ment horeto wttifor froo thtree to oolo oeeoks loter for thllor eltetioo. For nstance, in itoa oaseo of Aroylet I, tothourt, ol Cootrol Cumborlond. Shoohul mnlottrlalitst nrotfr ot dfeont In tthetrelotoratts, thoy htoo tile hountry tefore tooem; should ito. ilutler not othors not obtolt o mwjority, they oro loft wlthout o soeolld ohonco. \Ve nouol reoeoooolnd toht ttle oys tom prcttsedt in Britislloh Americ, ot honiog Ito lwhole of th, ptliingn on one d0y, bu o dooopted on 00m0 oqtlolht tboo likely to fonour plocthonlors n00 unodeirhble representatives. Doecembor 7th,l 874 