A DIGGER'S ADYENTURir WITH KATIV? mGS. , , CPmm tfce Town and Xkhnitry 'JouHtoi.l " WtaatiLe diggings first tiroke outf to use a common, oat very expressive term, there were no distinctions of tank observable, aqd little difference of, opinion, except ih regard to the beet trm^pr of getting gold,' end the likeUe&jplttWiB; tohrek forit. Jtf a geological question Vita discossed, it was soldy with a view to. the litter dhjoetr: PbSemka were tabooed bygenenl consent. Politics had so interest for lis beyond the aptitude of the Legislature to itbridgd loado? taXBfl^Our conversation, therefore^ tw dmott exclusively restrained-to idating our adventures, or-what is commonlycalled "•pinning yarns.'' And that "yam" was mart relished which had lor its subject the Itedahipe endured or the , dangers m countered in the pursuit of gold. Some of ■us were known to barb gone through more than others is this particular chase; and if they had the gift of spinning a yarn as well, they werelistened to with great at tention. There was often a spice of, the wonderful in these yarns; yet, it never elicited any expression of incredulity, even if it sometimes gave rise to the feeling. For no class of men are so deeply impressed is experienced diggers with the belief that, as regards the toil and trouble, and risk and adventure which their calling frequently entails, "fact is atrangerthan fiction." __ Quite a number of as had on one; occa sion gathered round a certain camp- fire after nightfall, chiefly because A yeteran miner of world-wide experience, and who was .in tellectual, kindly, and communicative be sides, had pitched his $ent there. "'The site of the cheerful bush-fire belonged nominally to him and his "party, as being, included in their claim; but since everyone of us had brought a log on his shoulder to keep up the blaze, tjie fire itself might he said to be common property. It was one of those clear atarlit nights in which agood three-loged fire will throw a strong light over half an acre of ground, or » circumference that would contain that quantityj ieavirig the outer ring of the illu minated area in thick darkness. We were lying or sitting on the grass at a comfortable distance from the fire, and within good hearing distance from, one another. There were about 20 of us, and several, had.Tun careers abounding in extraordinary inci dents, out of which they; could spin an almost infinite number of yarns. But the veteran miser before mentioned" excelled the rest, sot in the variety of his: advenr tnreralone, hut also ur~his masher of re lating them. Hisuame,by-the-bye, was Planter. He was an American Backwoods man, who had made his overland from " the States" to California, and after tra versing, the mines there for years, had taken ship at " Frisco," as he calfed it, and came to the diggings in Australia. He had naver seen the ocean, he told us, tall he got down to Frisco to atari for tbis colony, Hie knowledge of the Tfrorld, geographically speaking, wasahnost ooofihed to ' tM gold mines it cohteibed. ' But that kmd of knowledge wis, in our ^estimation, at the time the highest kind of knowledge in exis . tence, aodthe most to be coveted and adr mired. Planter had been foremost in every "wish j" both ih California and here, and his enterprising spirit bad eveiy where urged him into braving all sorts"of difficulties and dangers in tbe' -attempt to make^aw dis coveries of gold himself, or to improve upon those made hy others; : ~ - .. . > This was one or the yams which Planter favored us with thftt mght:—: k; .. r u "I think it was the name o'thepl&ce; that took me to Snowv^&*<ir,!, i#iien -the gold was found there. If ithad been called the Kiandra diggings'from the first, it would sot bare been half so attractive to me, for I always liked the snow, having seen so much of it in the place where I was raised, that it was always like a playmate or a schoolfellow, of mine. Ana haying, been absent from it for a considei-aUertime, and been parched :up./by, the hot auD, and near to famishingby the,want of water' at Bisgera and th§ Hanging, Rock, it seemed to say to me in fancy s ear, ' come, I will brace your nerres as l once did, and your pockets shall be filled Into ±he bargain with the nuggets of goldwhich reposeiri'the soil I cover. There must be'plenty iq£ water wherever I am, to wash your dirt/ Lots of nonsense like this crowded, into my mind, and don't suppose for a 'moment] strangers, that drinking had anything to do with ex citing my imagination, for norther myself, nor my father before me ever tasted a drop of intoxicating liquor. No, it was the thought of the pure cold anowy coupled with the reports of gold being there in richer deposits than at Bendigo or Ballarat. And I actually do suspect that I believed the reports, because I liked the snow, and eo, liked the name of the.Snowy River.Be that as it may, I made up a pasty, consist ing of myself and five othera, to go to the Snowy. Bingera was just getting pleasant under the'caoling influence of winter, and we were then getting'water in sufficient quantity to wash our surfacing stuff. i But leaving all behind us, except what we could put in our pockets to cover the expenses of ' ourjourney, off we went" Here Planter filled his pipe, and such of as had taken' to smoking, followed his example. Whilst jpqgaged .In that prosy operation, he remarked, interjectionally. "Wall, strangers! the Snowy JJivir, or Kiandra diggings, bad snow enough—that rU vouch for; but not, much get-at-able gold, bo fer as I could make dut. It was as great a sell as Bingera. At Bing^ra there wasn't water enough, and at, the Snowy there was too much." This produced a briefdebat£,in whioh Planter took no pint. beisg too much, en grossed by his smoking to attp^d to any thing of secondary importance. Having well fumigated his longs/howeVer, he thus resumed his yarn. ~ ° We travelled overland to the Snowy, one of oikr party havingbeen. a stbekman Mid, drover in his thne,Midabl6 to jilotua, I do^believe, from any nark; bf tiye country to any other by the rtraigfttest Wd moet practicable course through the busb, Steering without a compass, in virtue »f a kind of natural gift improved by. long prac tice. I bad seen "men in; my own epuotrp who possessed a similargif^ and .was con sequently lie more willing to rely upon ia* guidance. .We might lav# ,reachetf .oir aestination in less time and at leea .'trouble by taking the bfcaten track, .'and availnip osaaifM of stage ooackes ^ ail that, Sit an overland jouroeyaeemed pteferable 4n many accounts. It offered us at least jtbe chance, if not the pro«pect, of ifiakinffdifi covaries by theway. Need I «ay,'that-we made none. "We naaeed throtith a ^fiie country, open, level, fertile, tadT^not oyer .well watocd, but we had'left, ~a§it ap peared to me daring the ^Peatar-part^f«jjr course, the rfegjum ofk'gofd In the moun tainous country to theleft of us. Now, Btx&ngera;, ■We an' none of us owner* of hornedcattie or sheep, and never shall be. it is most likely, *nd therefore it would be not only utterly useless but utterly unia tecesting.tota&e; up your time with a de scription ofthe pastoral capabilities of 4he country we journeyed over. There wm neither abuHalo, nor a deer, nor -aprsririe dogta be met withinit, nor any-beast of prey or prowling Indian. And as to the aboriginal blacks—wfaateverhad become of them ?—we saw but two old men and one bid woigajj qf ithe.zace, in thewbble course of our jomiiev. "At the Snowy Hirer, o? SaMba—as the diggings was subsequently named—we founpl a promiscuous assemblage of mendo ing "nothing. They hardly seemed the right sort of men for doing much, but sink ing for gold was put of the question, as it was impossible to beat thewater; and surfacing was alsioBt equally impracticable, by reason of the snow. . We tried and failed. I had never seen the show so much in the road in my own 'country, never bo hard to over come, rior so ready to overcome you. It was near settling my hash before I.left the place. I will tdl you how presently. In the course of the first week after cur ar rival there, four , out of the five men who had made the journey overland with-me* grew sick of battling with the snow to. no purpose, and went off with the eixpreased intention of returning to Bingera byway of Sydney. " It would'have been beyond their skill, perhaps, had they wished to do so, to find their way back by the route they had come, for our guide.,had declared for re maining with me, ancfsticking to me to the last; and I am proud to say, strangers, that he has been a mate of mine ever since, and is a mate soil; and he knows, moreover, that" the etoiy I am telling you is not merely founded on fact, but is built up of facts, and nothing eUe. Isn't it ^Ned?—: epeak up, mate I? Here a d vk-complexioned,. wjry-lopking man/evidently a bush native, signified his' assent to die truth of Planter's .assertion; : . Planter resumed his yam-—"A day or two after the four men left, the weather having cleared up, I proposed to Ned there, te take a ride out seven or eight miles on a prospecting excursion, leaving him behind to guard the tent and complete some bark additions to it, in the shape of a fireplace and sitting- room. He willingly agreed, as he always did, and does agree to everything in reason that I suggest. We liad but one horse between us, having lost several on the oyerland journey, and given all the zest but this one to the four who had gone away. The day was moderately fine when I started, and continued-bo for several hours. I had taken a direct course along a ridge, thickly overspread in places, with quartz pebbles, and intersected besides with quartz veins, in situ. Having seen something of quartz reefs in California, I fancied that I might be lacky enough to come across a reef on Sbme part of this ridge which would be at leastworth frying," and might tiitn out rich in gdld. This hope urged me otf ward much farther than I intended. A distant emi nence (hat was actually white with qufartz, and singularly destitute of trees, drew me towards it in suite of the warnings of com mon sense. What golden quartz might be there, I thoOght-^-what a find might await me there. It was further off than I had at first imagined,'but having got so far to wards it, I determined not to retract until I had reached, and examined it closely. But long before I got to it a violent snow-storm came' on. The sleet fell so thickly that it effectually blinded my sight of everything beyond a few inches from my eyes: I dis ■ mounted and stood still. It was a 'dark ! ness visible* that I was surrounded by. The wind blew from different quarters every fevr minutes, and I had to turn my back to each shift in its directions, to prevent the driving enow and sleet beat ing in my face and eves. My horse grew restive and moved about ss often as I did, sometimes snatching madly at the reins; so as to nearly&rag; them out of my half frozen hands- I never felt the cold so keenly-even in Canada, where many years ego I was on & trading trip there in mid winter, as I did on that wild hill in Aus tralia.' ' The storm had sotnewhat subsided at the end of a couple of hours,bnt then I knew not whatto do, nor wtich way to go. The landscape was bo longer the same to me under -its covering" of snow. I had turned rpund and round so often that I had lost all recollection of the cardinal points of the compass, as beating upon the altered scenery' around me-. Thinking fny horse would find the way Home better than my self I mounted him again and g&ve;: him a loose rein bo ss to leave him at liberty to. take~^y direction1 be-might choose. He was quite reluctant to move off at all, and when I compelled hi m to go forward, he floundered about so awkwardly in the snow from the effect of fear and fatigue, and colid together, as to malft me apprehensive of Boon' getting what Ned calls a •* buster.' Besides this, he was obviously proceeding in a circle. The night was Approaching, and to travel in the darkness ;-on such a horse, and in eucb a. country, was too dangerous to be attempted. I had to make up ' mv mind; therefore, to remain where I was tifl the next morning. It waslucky that I had strapped before me on. the saddle, an en larged buffalo akin over-all, lined on the inner side with ted blanketing-stuff, of the thickest-fexture and'the Iwst' quality." : Ned now brought :the identical over-all out of the tent, and exhibited it for the ad miration of the company, "There," re marked PWter complacently,"that's home made blanketing, 8uch as we use in Missouri," and that'* a prepared buffalo. skia^ 'made in tie foim bf a double square, by Bepg pieced at the corners. The hairy, ade will turn sU jthe rain that ever, fells from the sky, and the fleshy side Is as smooth and'soft to .the feel a». Jgelvfct. itself. Hurra for old Missouri! " With that thrown over av shoulders, you see, etrangeia,? he. proceeded, " I was sure to be dry, if not warm. What a fool I feas that I didn't put it on before; but I hadnottheleaat conceptionof stoppiiigout ■llnight ontlie' blealc height.until /the dreamy prospect stared me in the face with the same sort of stern certaittv that death doss when income? totui / There was n<r evading it. Aj.wasnot ^together a stranger *o aach^edicameijts, «o far as the risk at tending it was' ^concerned; - It was omch" greater, as it afterwards temed out, fiian X expected; -yet still, I reckon that my having ^reviously^wrestled "with "SifiicuItiS, Mid <ov«S6omSe ' them, ;ke£t \ro my courage^ind, fortitude mdealirig with' thatl Yoto -iean jfcn&j;^sth^^kcomforts of my jdtuation, standing knee-d«^p in snow, as l did, with the probability offallifig into it up to my' *Mn,"correyBn itoj bead#if I stirrtd from HiBfcpot;^ But -the aky ' had '.f^t -cigar, *ad the storm had " cfesaecL aiid the reflection of the - starlight - by the anowhad created -a brilliancy almost i eqoalto moonshine. I was thus enabled to fix with some degrete ofaecuracy the direc Hon I ought to take home. Heaven forgive me for designating, a digger's tent inthe wild bosh lus home. i ; - "I nowmight have struggled on with something like compc*areaf spirit, but for the dismal howling of ! a troop of dingoes. DiBtant whenfirst beard, this howling drew gradually neater and nearer. It seemed to proceed from -different directions, -and to converge, as it "were, towards the spot at which l waa floundering through the snow. Howl after, howl, each Joiwer, because nearer than.tha . proceeding one, made the; night indeed hideous. I had heard tint native dogs were small, cowardly animal*; hut, judging from. the loudness of the howl ing of these specimens of the species, and the ferocity it "plainly expressed, T could not deem, the dingo either timid in disposition or diminutive id stee. , Nor did' they appear to. be either cowardly or small when tat length thiey hove in sight. , On the contrary, thB manner in'which they advanced towards me, though cautious, indicated resolution, and a fixed purpose—so to speak—of making an attack either upon the horse or, myself. I had a bowie knifewith me, wldch. I always_ carried, bat I had left my six-shooter behind at the tent. - I drew,the knife of course, and formedaplan of defence, which was to mount the horse and stab at them if they should assail either myself or that Animal, and, as they agailed, taking them, if possible, in detail. Bat I had a whistle in my pocket, which, perhaps, was quite as effective in one aespectas the bowie-knife might have been in another. It was one of the loudest and shrillest whistles I ever heard. . When I applied-.it to my mouth, and put its highest capacity into place, they retreated in evident affright for nearly one hundred yards. They soon ad vanced again, however, but more slowly and cautiously than before. , I was careful not to use the whistle more frequently than there was absolute occasion for. it, lest they should become too mack accustomed to it to be daunted by its Btrange sound. I there fore sometimes shook my buffalo .hide' to deter them from approaching, and sometimes employed my voice in its angriest and most defiant-and commanding tones. The latter had far greater effect than the buffalo hide, but not so great an effect as the whistle;. " Several hours passed away in: this manner, horse and I beating a retreat-^ao to call it—and dingoes pursuing us. I was slower in my movements thanl might have i b^en,butforthewishto avoid the appearance of fear and flight. As it was, the dingoes were growing bolder,were slowly lessening the dis tance at which they followed, and cared less apparently about theaimple deterrents Iem {ployed. There remained, however,' to fight ! them off—though not perhaps to gain a' victory over the whole-4bsharp bowie-knife | and a strong arm. £ could not then say a strong i Heart, for I almost despaired of coming off. conqueror over eight active assailants, .who, as I had been told, always made.their teethmeet in the victim they attacked; and:while one hnag on to his ear another snapped at.him in front. I felt that a contest was fast approaching, and, though I-,feared the ultimate result, yet 1 determined to use the.bowie- knife with;all the eaergy I possessed,' and I <feit a grim sort of satisfaction to think that I should inflict most wounds on half the number at least. Just as matters had come , to this Eass in my inward appreciation of them, I eard—0, joyful sound 1-r-a distent cooey. The native dogs .heard it,.-too, and drew tack, or rather, spread out to reeonnitre. With the whole strength of my voice, ! .re lumed the cooey. It. was answered at once, and in such a manner as to inspire me with hope. Again I cooeyed, and again the answer-came. -1 felt convinced that it was; Ned's cooey, tot I had often heard him cooey before. It drew .nearer xapidly, and at length I plainly discovered my mate liaingdvettheaideofthehill, not farther off, ■as it seemed to me, than a hundred and fifty yards. He saw, me, too, and the native ' dogs, who, strange to say, were so much intent on my- movements and those of my i poor horse that they did not. perceive him. The stiff breeze which ■wka blowing, no doubt, carried away his cent, from the din goes, who depend far mora on thfe keenness of their smell than on eight. Ned held up his hand to me, as if to let me know that he saw the dogs.. I saw that he held a six shooter in it as he hid himself behind a rock. -1 blew the whistle to engage the at tention of the dingoes, for now it did nothing more, while Ned stole upon them to have a shot.: I had divined his intention and had not long to wait before itwasexecuted. In a few moments one of the varmint lay pros trate with a ball through his chest, and; popj pop,: pop, went NedV' revolver after, them as his pointed it in the' different direp tions in which they skedftdled. It was not possible, however, to hit mora than once. I owe mj life to Ned, strangers t He knew the difection-in which I proposed to go, and fearingj When night came-and I had not re turned/that some accident had happened, or that I had lost my way,he went in search of me, and, under the guiding' hand of Pro-, vidence, rescued me from a terrible fate." 