? ?"' [PBOM ODB COnEKBPONDENTsJ. PENRITH. . .'.!?"' ? ' Wednesday. , The polling for the Nepean election took place to-day, and resulted \ in the return of Major Shepherd-by>.a majority of 78, Shepherd, 372; Byan, 294.. The following are thejdetails : ? Shepherd. 'Ryan. * Penrith 117 102. Castlereagh '48 34 . -SouthCreak... ' 81 ' 71 . Eastern Creek 48 2 Springwood...- 4 5 . . Luddenham... 36 18 Sydney. . i. ... 20 ll Emu Plains... 9 51 /' . . ;.'. SCONE. ' Wednesday, 7.30 p.m. The nomination for the Upper Hunter took plaee I to-day." The proceedings lasted from 12 noon till J nearly 4 o'clock. The following were the nomina- tions: Dr. Gordon by Messrs. Nicholl and Bose; Mr. J. W. Smart by Messrs. J. Black and B. Hardy ; Mr. Thomas Hungerford"by Messrs. F. O'Neill and W. Gardiner; and Mr. Francis White by Messrs. J. P. Abbott and J. Campbell. .The show of hands was largely in favour of Mr. White, and a poll was diimanded. EDEN. Wednesday. At'the nomination, to-day, for this electorate; I Mr. Clements proposed himself; and Mr..'Darcy | proposed, and Sir. .Ritchie seconded, the nomina- tion of Mr. Clarke, the late member. The show of I hands was unanimous'in favour of Mr. Clarke, but | Mr. Clements demanded a poll. TAMWORTH. Thursday, 12.68 p.m. The nomination of candidates for the electoral | district of Liverpool Plains took place to-day. Mr. John Gill, Returning-offlc«r, presided. The candidates proposed were Messrs. Hanley Bennett, D. Macquarie, and D. Began. A fair hearing waB accorded to each. The show of hands was declared tqbe^ in favour of Bennett, and Macquarie de- manded a poll. ? . i YOUNG. Thursday, 9.10p.tn. Mr. James Watson, the late member for the j Lachlan, was met outside the town, to-day, by a j large number of tbs electors, beaded by a band. Two . addresses were presented to ihim, to which he replied. Mr. Watson was then escorted to town by a large procession. There was great excite-, ment. No opposition to his candidature is ex- pected. * WAGGA WAGGA. Thursday, 8,40 p.m. Mr. Mate has retired in favour of Mr. Förster» whose position is considered much improved J thereby. Mr. Leary's committee is strong and influential, and the members of it are canvassing | for'him actively, and are sanguine of success. Mr. Bardwell is pitt forward as the free selectors' can- didate. TERARA. Thursday, 4 p.m. ' A very destructive bush-fire has been raging I throughout the Shoalhaven district for the last J few days. Miles of fencing have been destroyed, Kangaroos, wallabys.'and birds of all descriptions I have flocked into the formers' and squatters'' homesteads in hosts, almost suffocated with [ smoke. ¡ . The Postmaster-General has received, from San | Francisco , a telegram, dated December 22nd, in I forming him that the Mikado arrived there with the European and American mails from Australia on the 21st. The Mikado's yoyege hence to San Francisco, via Auckland, was performed in thirty j days. NARRABRI. Thursday, 2.30 p.m. The nomination for the Gwydir took place yes- terday... Messrs. Dangar and Mosely were nominated, and Mr. Mosely received the show of hands. A poll'wnB demanded. Mr. Dangar'« nomination was proposed by Mr. James Moore, i and seconded by Mr. Hassal. Captain Mosoly's nomination was proposed by Mr. Goldman, end I seconded by Mr, Orman, a free selector. Captain i Mosely delivered a very able, telling, and forcible address ; and it is thought that he has a good chance for election. BURROWA. , Thursday, 1.24 p.m. Mr. James Watson arrived here yesterday, and addressed a moating of the electors of this portion of the Lachlan electorate'the same evening; _ , Mr. i Eason, J.P., ocoupied the chair. At the conclusion j of Mr. Watson's address a vote of confidence wa« unanimously carried. i » DUBBO. , I Thursday, Mr. Lord, Mr. Ardill, Mr. A. S. Burne, and Mr' 1 J. E. Kelly were nominated yesterday for the Bogan electorate. The show of hands was in favour of Hr. Lord, and a poll was demanded. , I DENILIQUIN. j ' ' Wednesday. ! Mr. W. Hay, the late member, and Mr, Barbour were nominated to-day for the Murray. Mr. Hay had the show of hands, as decided by the Beturn ing-officor, but this was disputed. A poll was I demanded. j MELBOURNE, Thursday, ll a.m. . Messrs.' Goldsborough and Co. report having sold 3200 balDB'of wool this week, greasy at from 8d to 18Jd; fleece from lSd to 27d. Prices rule th« «ame as last week. , ^ ' ' Thursday, 1.42 p.m. The Assombly was counted out at 4 a.m. this morning,' during the discussion on the Outer Circle Line of Railway Bill. The- measure is now. vir- tually abandoned. Parliament was prorogued at noon by his Excellency tho Governor to February next. Velvet lied, a prisoner who was transported for the great jewel robbery nt Walker's, in London, iii 18Ö5, receiving a sentence of fourteen years' trans-, portation to Western Australia, who escaped from that colony whilst at. large on a ticket-of-leave, and was arrested in Victoria for felony, receiving a sentence of twelve months' imprisonment, was on his discharge from gaol this 'morning, recognised aa the escaped convict from Woatorn Australia, He was immediately re-orrostod, Actions have been instituted for defamation ai character hy two squatters against Judge Bindoo, the counsel for the Crown in tl^p recent dummy selections inquiry at Echuca. Verdi's requiem mass will be given to-night tl the Theatre Koynl. ' " ' The Christmas pantomime and opera is purely local, hy Garnet Walch. 