THE WEATHER AND BUSH-FIRES. Yesterday was one of the most pleasant days we have experienced for a long time past. During the day the heat was by no means op- pressive, and at night the temperature was decidedly cool. The late rains have evidently extinguished the bush fires to a great extent, although yesterday there were indications in several directions that they are not yet entirely got under. From Eaglehawk a fire in the direction of the Whipstick was observable, and during the afternoon dense volumes of smoke arose towards Marong. However, none of our country correspondents have communicated with us, and it, may, therefore, be taken for granted that there are no serious conflagra- tions in any of the districts surrounding Sand- hurst. The following telegram from Beechworth, dated Monday, appears in yesterday's Argus:—The weather is still terribly sultry. Nearly the whole country encircling Beechworth has been burnt. There are fires in an outer circle beyond, evidently raging fiercely, as the atmosphere today is very thick. The sun rose this morning blood red, and could be looked at with the naked eye till it had attained a height of nearly 30 deg. from the hori- zon. The hear, increased in intensity, but chiefly from fires. The farmers in Bowman's Forest have been watching night and day to save fences, and with general success. Quin, of the Myrtleford station, save his property by incessant watchful- ness. M. O'Donnell, of Merriang, had fences and grass destroyed. Chambers, of Myrtleford, lost grass, and only had fences saved. It is reported that Curtis Reid's Ledi station is seriously devas- tated. The house, property of Palmerston was en- tirely destroyed. There are no signs of rain. Potatoes are generally a failure. Not even China- men can grow carrots, turnips, lettuces, &c.; The health of the community is unsatisfactory. Measles is prevalent, and several schools are closed for a fortnight by order of the Education Board. All are depressed, and business is dull, owing to there being no hope of a speedy change. A correspondent of the Daylesford Mercury writes: — We had a terrible fire here on Tuesday and Wednesday last. It came up Old Tom Gully from Blanket Flat in a dense volume. The flames mounted some of the old monarchs of the forest near the mill, and then commenced a terrible battle with the devouring element. As the burn- ing bark was blowing about in all directions the alarm was sounded, and, I am glad to say, responded to by the people about here with a courage and perseverance worthy of example. Not the men only, for the fair sex faced the devouring foe, bucket in hand, with a determination that would do credit to any fire brigade in the colony. As we were blessed with a plentiful supply of water, the fire was extinguished without doing any material damage. The proprietors of the mill de- sire to return their sincere thanks to all those who rendered assistance. Yesterday's M. A. says:—-A very large bush fire broke out about five o'clock last evening in the ranges near Wattle Gully: from its proximity to some of the cultivated grounds in that locality, some alarm was felt, but it was fortunately pre- vented from extending so far. 