TERRIBLE BUSH FIRES. Our Wedderburn correspondent, writing under date 21st January, states that for several days past this township has been environed by alarming bush fires. The at- mosphere was laden with a thick smoky vapor, and as the encircling fires approached each other the heat beeame almost suffocat- ing. The thermometer recorded 110 deg. in the shade, and it became quite evident that all living things would soon have to prove their powers of endurance. On Tuesday one of the many fires closed in with the farms situate on the west side of the township, and the danger became very serious. The towns people turned out to a man ; all classes were represented, and worked with a will. After two or three hours hard battling with the fire the threatened paddocks were pronounced to he out of danger, and only just in time to learn that the element which had been baffled iu one direction had made most menacing progress iu another. A horseman dashed up to say that it was withiu a short distance of tho homestead on Mr. SI 'Queen's Torpiohen run, two miles distant. A rush was im mediately made iu that direction, and it was only on arriving on soino rising ground that tho impending danger could be understood, and tho grandeur of the scene realised. Miles of the country was ou fire, pressing forward towards the homestead, which seemed doomed. It appeared presumptuous to oppose any efforts against a wall of fire some feet in Height nud extending some hundreds of yards in breadth. Every at tempt was made to heat out tho fire as it approached, but it was quite evident that tlie only chance of sav- ing the homestead was to fight round the little garden in front of it, and which afforded an intervening break of a few feet. This was accomplished, and tho fire, after destroying miles of fence, rushed across tho crcok and threatened Dale Farm (Mr. Thos. Corse's). Immense efforts were made to save this property, which must have proved fruitless had not a road intervened; and oven with the aid of this harrier the burn ing flakes fell on the stacks of corn moro than once, and their preservation was only secured by a plentiful application of water from a neighboring dam. By this time an arm of the lire had proceeded in a more northerly direction, and approaohod the pretty little suburban villa of Air. 11. Steel, J.l'., named Craigie Lea. Here Mrs. Steel's father and mother, octogenarians, re sided, quite unable to stay the lire that bore down on them, or to do more than save themselves in the little garden at the roar. At the critical moment Air. Nankivillc, tenant of the Spring-hill statiou, brought a body of men with biui and succeeded, after great labor, in turning the fire away to the east of Mr. Steel's farm. Air. Steel lost a great extent of fencing. Tho day now closed in, and, the western fire having been ohased beyond the farms, the main body returned to their homes, leaving a sufficient number to watch during tho uight. Wednesday morning disclosed heavy columns of smoko all around us, and parses were despatched in all directions. Dense volumes of smoke appeared in tlie north, but it was supposed that it was con fined to tho malice, which is thick in that direction. . About mid-day news came into the township that the farms at Borung were on fire about fivo miles distant northerly. AH disposable horses, vehicles and men were Eont off, but alas, too late. Mr. Ferryman's homestead, fencing, drays — in fact, everything was con sumed. excepting only two stacks built at a remote part of the farm. A neighboring farmer's cart stood in tho centre of the road, and contained the few fragments of furniture that could he saved, with three little chil dren, while the ruined parents gazed on the desolate scene. Sweeping on in a southerly direction, tho fire consumed the homestead, fencing, slacks, farming implements, and all that once belonged to Air. James King, a very hard-working, industrious farmer, who at the time was absent from home with his wife and family. Adjoining this farm i3 another very compact one, with an inn, the Golden Fleece, situate on it, be longing to Air, Ily. Hays. The fire made rapid progress towards it, and the otily chance was to burn all around the inn and meet the approaching fire. This was done, and thus , the inn and stables were saved, but some other outbuildings and most of the fencing were destroyed. The "re rushed onwards down Sailor's Gully, destroying huts and tents belonging to the diggers, leaving many with their only property on their backs. It then reached Bocca Flat, a little liamlut two miles from Wedderburn, where about twenty persons have residences, and where Air. Thomas Montague has a store, and the Hose and Shamrock Hotel. Hero it totally destroyed the brick cottage and outbuildings of Mr. G. llobinson, puddler, leaving himself, wife and four little children destitute. Air. Jones and another miner were both burned entirely out. Air. Arontaguc's store aud hotel were surrounded by fire, and tlie furniture and all that was removable was removed into tho road, and' although the fire attacked tho buildings several times, and got into the adjoining paddock, tho untiring efforts of those present saved tho property. Mr. Adam Phillips' cottage and others were threatened at the same moment, and this caused such a sorious division of labor that serious as the loss has been, it is almost miraculous that it was not greater. About thirty or forty very valuable merino rams, which had been recently purchased by AlesBrs. Naukivillo and Calvert, of the Spring-hill Station (I am told for £25 each), nud which were in Air. Alontague's paddock adjoining the hotel when the fire was sur rounding it and had reached the paddock, were saved by Kettle, the well-known groom at the Royal Hotel, who, seizin" another man's horse that was tied to a post, dashed in and drove them far off to a place of safety. Another fire at this time had reached tho township of Wedderburn, and it was only kept bnck by n long lino of men stationed along an intervening road thatskirtB the boundary line. Mr. Alore- croft, while proceeding to his farm to the east of the township, on Tuesday, had a very narrow escape. He was in a cart and passing through a paddock thnt had caught tire, when the flames approached so rapidly that his only chance of escape was to charge a log nnd bruBli fence at the bottom of the paddock. Heavy masses of smoke are still seen in different directions, and the destruc tion may not yet be complete. No case of loss of life is reported. Terrible destitution prevails, however, and a relief committee has been formed on Wedderburn, of whom Air. S. Kinder, J.P., is the ohairman : Air. J. M. Saunder3, Bank of New South Wales, Inglewood, treasurer ; andAl r. E. G. Bangle, Wedderburn, secretary. It is earnestly hoped that philanthropists from all quarters, and especially from Alclbourne, will give their nid. The exertions of the Wed derburn police, Senior-constable Colvin nnd AIounted- eon8tab!e KiUen deserve the highest praise. Since writing the foregoing I learn by the up-country mail, just arrived, that several fann3 around East Charlton are on fire." Friday's Creswivk Advertiser has tho fol lowing : — " A most serious lire was raging among the farms situated between the Tea Tree and Eastern-hill on Tuesday and Wed nesday last, destroying several thousand acres of valuable grass and miles of fencing. It commenced on Tuesday morning in the grazing paddock leased by Air. Belcher from the Smeatou estate, nnd known as Bate- man's. It quickly destroyed the ahepherd's hut, aud roasted alive an unfortunate sheep dog. The sheep yards soon followed, aud the fiery element made tracks among the long grass which covered the thousand acreo constituting this portion of the estate, ex- tending to tlie adjoining farm, belonging to Mr. Charles Murray, who estimates Iris loss at £100 for fences, and about the sams for grass. By dint of great exertions on tlie part of neighbors, the crops and dwelling of Air. AI'Nicol were saved, as was also Afr. Whatmnre's dwelling. The heaviest sufferer by the fire was Mr, J, Belcher, who, iu addition to the loss ot sevoral hundred acres of splendid grass, has two or three miles of fencing more or less destroyed. Air. Boyd had 280 acres of grass burnt, nnd a long stretch of log fencing. Mr. Muruanc has lost about 100 acres of grass. Mr. Dclaney rented a vory largo paddock, known as M 'Coil's old paddock, consisting of several hundred acres, much of which is de stroyed, with a great part of the fences. The whole of the grass in Mr. Geo. Hep burn's paddock, consisting of about 140 acres, was burnt, and most of tho boundary and division fences. Up to Wednesday night no crops had been burnt, although in some places only a few hundred yards intervened between thorn anil the fire. Mr. David Gibson had a flannel shirt burnt off his" hack on Tuesday. Other and serious fires were raging about the district- Mr. D. May, of Blanket Flat, and late of Kangaroo Hill, went into the bush with a horsu and spring-cart belonging to AH. Smith, butcher, of Blanket Flat, and having tied the horse up to a tree for a short time, on his return, to liis dismay found the poor animal roasted, and the eart burnt to a cinder, Three cottages near Sailors' Hill were burnt to the ground. Alessrs. Graves and Frazer's mill was on tire yesterday afternoon, and there was not tlie slightest prospect of extinguishing it. Air. Walker's public-house, also near the mill, was burnt down. Tho Yiotoria Alill, in tho forest, the property- of Mrs. Mills, mot a similar fate. Tho few men who reside in tlie locality were away harvesting, and there was nothing for it but for Airs. A ills, with the assistance of her daughter, and Mesdames Davies, May, Nieholls and another woman and two lads to set to work and do their best to combat the devouring element. To save tho mill itself a hard struggle was made, but ulti mately the fire gained tho mastery, and tho poor women had to withdraw almost suffo cated. Nearly every ono liviug in tho forest is in a state of anxiety and dread for their property. At Slaty Creek the people were putting their chattels down abandoned holes for security. Tho ranges all round Spring Gully have also been on fire for the last two or three days." Tho Bendigo Advertiser of Saturday has the following : — " Our Huntly correspondent writes, under yesterday's date — Tho hush fires at Huutly are still burning, tho wind lulling it was partly driven back, though not till most of the parties liviug in the vicinity of tho Reedy Creek and Tyson's Swamp lost tho whole of their fencing, and the place that only a week ago was ono largo area of fenced-in farms is now to the sight like a large plain, nothing to be seen but logs of fire. Great fears arc still entertained that it will cross the Bendigo Creek, aud if so. there is danger of it crossing on to the Sandy and Five-mile Creeks. While I am writing the fire is still raging in the direc tion of Tyson's Swamp, and if the wind keeps blowing there is bo knowing when or where it will stop. Our Goornong correspodent writes : — A fire originated in the neighborhood of Kamarooka, and has made rapid strides in this direction since its commencement ; and sorry am I to havo to record the wide-spread devastation that the devouring element has made among the various selectors in its path. Hags of grain wore carried to roads and bare places where there was nothing to feed the fire — fire roads were mado round tho stacks yet untouched — piles of hags in the yards were wrapped with wet bags and blankets. By this moans tho produce of the harvest.lias in most instances been saved ; hut nothing could save tlie foliage and the fences. One person told me that when be left the fire yes- day ho reckoned that twenty milos of fencing were destroyed. He. told lue that the whole of Reedy Creek was one blackened mass. I hear of fires in all directions ; one at Burne- wang, where Mr. Atkinson was burned ; one at Five Mile Creek, whore Mr. Breayley had a narrow escape ; and one at the Campaspe, where Mr. O'Keefe had four miles of fenc ing destroyed ; but the one to the north west of this is by far the most extensive, and is hourly gathering in strength. Dense clouds of black smoke, many fathoms in depth, are rolling over here since early morn." From the Anakies tlie Ga-long Advertiser learns that a number of small fanners have been burnt out, but Nerada station was saved, the lire, when last seen, liaviug worked its way across Air. F. Armytage's run and down to Aspinall's store. It was stated that a very large fire had broken out on tho Chevy Estate, destroyed all the fenc ing, killed some cattle, and burnt up all the pasturage, the heat being so intense that buckets of water had to he thrown over the men employed in beating hack tlie flames, to prevent their clothes from igniting. This fire then proceeded to lay desolate tho country between Chevy and the llarwon, destroying fences, ruining small farmers and gardeners, roasting pigs in their styes, and killing many liorses and cattle. Lome Forest lift been all ablaze, and Air. Afountjoy's well-known house of accommodation was vyithin an aee of falling a victim to the flames. The greatest excitement prevailed in the house, which wasrat the time Trill of visitors. Air. James Noble aud Air. Andrew "White are also stated to have been great sufferers ; and on Thursday the bridge over Bream Creek, on the road to Swampy Creek, was the scene of much excitement. A Airs. Cleeland was horror struck when she saw that the grass near there bad ignited, as all her neighbors, who are chiefly wood-carters, were absent in town, aud her home appeared to be doomed. Sho rushed across to Air. Abercroinbie's school aud gave the alarm. Tlie head teacher and his scholars by their united, exertions arrested the flames just as they were about to seizo upon Airs. Cleeland's stacks, aud saved the bridge, which caught fire four or fivo times. But for a good supply of water obtained from the creek, they could not possibly have saved the structure. The Steiglitz correspondent of the Adver tiser writes : — " The bush fires during tho week havo destroyed property at Darriwcl and Sliooaks to tlie extent of between £2000 and £3000 iu value. The country for many square miles has been cleared of fencing and pasturage. Air. Dawson lost his house, stack of hay, 50 sheep, and all his fencing and pasturage. Air. George Hopwood lost liis house and furniture and four sets of harness. Twenty selectors at least are sufferers from the ravages of the fire." A young gcutleman who arrived a day or two ago at Air. Hens- ley's, Alount Aloriae, having travelled over land from Adelaide, states that bush fires were to bo seen right and left throughout tho journoy. Some of these covered con- siderable extents of country, and apparently were raging moro furiously on the other side of Alouut Gainbior than on this. Tho Kyneton Guardian, 23rd inst., says that "Alount Alac'edon lias been covered with fire, and upon Wednesday and Thurs day nights presented a truly magnificent spectacle. The greatest apprehension was felt on the southern Bide of the mount, whore a number of Alelbourne merchants and professional men have built for themselves summer retreats, aud they found it neces sary to employ men to prevent the fire from reaching to their holdings — with success, we believe, in every instance. The State Nursery, under the control of Air. Ferguson, has suffered to a very serious ex tent, and that nearly the whole of the grass on Afr. Robertson's run has been con- sumea. xowarcis viic jMiiiarooK otate r oresii the fire assumed much more serious dimen sions. On "Wednesday and Thursday, the Afessrs. Laver, with a large number of men, were engaged most strenuously in endeavor ing to arrest the progress of the fire. Alessrs. Laver confined their exertions to saving the tramway, with the bridges, landings, &e.;, being well aware that if this were once des troyed nothing could save the seleetors'crops on the other side. The men were told off into sections, trucks loaded with tanks filled with water, and despatched along the line, so as to extinguish any of the woodwork which might ignite. This work was con. tinued for hours in spite of the intense heat, and upon tlie whole it was crowned with success. In their efforts to save a bridge, the men had to abandon tho stables and men's huts to their fate, and tliey were burned to the ground. Yesterday morning it had pretty well exhausted itself, and the rain which commenced to fall during the afternoon will complete the work. On the Glenlyon and Dayleaford side of the forest the destruction has been far more severe. Of Mr. Wheeler's seven miles of tramway three were destroyed, and Mr. Lawrence Dyer, Mr. Bromley, and Mr. Westcott lost crops, fencing and improvements to a large amount. The correspondent of the Guardian at Tren- tham states fires have been raging all round us since Sunday. Yesterday the house and part of the crop belonging to Mr. Donnelly were destroyed by fire. Mr. Thrum had his large stable and a valuable lot of harness totally consumed. The firewood at the Sultan claim was observed to be in flames early yesterday. All the whistles soon gave the alarm, and hundreds of men hastened to the spot, and after considerable exertion and many scorchings the fire was extinguished, Mr. Dans, a small farmer at East Trentham, has lost his house and part of his crop by fire this morning." _\ The coach drivers from Hamilton and Penhurst stated that fierce fires were racing along both lines of road. The stations most affected were Messrs. Twomey's and Braird's the latter having lost many miles of fencing, some of the small selectors having lost crops as well as fences. The Beaufort correspondent of the Bal- larat Star on Friday writes : — "The bush fires that have been raging in this vicinity fortunately have been stopped this after noon. We have been favored with a slight shower, which no doubt will be the means of preventing any further extension of the fire. I regret to say the losses are heavy. Messrs. Allason, Topper, Brentnall and M'Tntosh, have lost nearly all the grass, and in addition several miles of fencing have been lost by each of them. The brush fences erected by one of the abovenamed gentlemen has been the means of causing the fire to extend far more than it would other wise have done, and it was only by means of a select few from the township here that some of the homesteads were not burnt. The trustees of the Mahkwallok estate have lost something like 1500 acres of grass. No such fire has occurred here within the last eight years, and the selectors are now at a loss where to get grass for their stock." A correspondent of the Courier writes "During the past two or three days exten- sive bush fires have been burning in Bulla- rook. On Wednesday the fires spread around Ballan road, and several homes were burnt. The Victoria Mill and several houses were destroyed on Thursday. Mr. Frazer's mill only escaped through the exer tions of the workmen, aided by a number of men from Anderson's mill. Several huts close to the mill were burnt, and the build ings over the Try Again Company's claim were with difficulty saved from a similar fate through the exertions of the mining manager." The Pleasant Creek News reports that a party of miners working on the Ironbark Ranges suffered a heavy loss by a bushfire on Friday. They had left work the previous day, and as usual had lowered all the tools down the shaft, leaving the rope on the windlass: During their absence the bushfire reached the place. A brush miamia, which had been erected for its shade, was an easy prey for the flames, and as the shaft was well " logged up"' the logs and windlass were soon blazing merrily. As they burnt they slipped out of position and fell down the shaft, where they and the tools, rope, &e.;, were all burning when the miners arrived. So utterly was the face of the country changed that they had some diffi culty in finding their claim, and when they did so it was only to find their entire mining plant destroyed, and flames almost filling the shaft as they rushed up from the blazing heap below. 