An Illinois Feud. (FV*077t the Neto Took World.) I Cairo, 111., December 16tb.- A vendetta, the parallel of which the history of Illinois does not furnish, has been in progress in Williamson county, just north of Cairo, for over a year. News received hero last night gives information of the attempted assassination of the latest victim, who is the tenth or twelfth on the record of the feud. Something more than a year ago a dispute occurred between iwo families, farmers-the Sisneys and the Bulliners-over the measure- ment of some grain. The quarrel was about fifteen bushels of corn. From this dispute came a fight, in which Sisney, it is Baid, intro- duced a shovel as an effective weapon. The Bulliners were driven from the harvest-field, but soon came back armed with guns. Sisney ran, was shot through the leg, and fell. The attacking party, supposing they had finished bim, withdrew. Sisney, however, got well, and brought suit against the Bulliners. The suit was indecisive, and from it carne another fight. One Sunday after cbnrch, Sisney, reinforced by the Russells and Hendersons, engaged the Bulliners, Cranes, and Hinchcliffs. Clubs, stones, and knives were freely used, and the battle lasted an hour. No one was killed in the encounter, bat Sisney and one of bia sons were terribly beaten. This inoreased the hostility to an intensity which death only could satisfy. Soon after this old man Bulliner was riding along the county road from Cbartersville to Carbondale, when, from a little clump of bushes in a rail-fence, came a volley. The old man was taken up, almost riddled with buckshot, and carried home, where he died in a few hours. The next viotim was old man Henderson, his death occurring a few weeks later. He was standing in his own yard, in front of the house, when the assassins fired from the shelter of the fonce Henderson dropped, and expired without a word. If my memory serves me, this also occurred one Sunday afternoon. To such a pitch were the feelings of those in- terested worked up by these quickly successive murders, and so great was the terrorism inspired throughout the section of Williamson County, that barely the ghost of an effort was made to detect the perpetrators of the crimes. One bad been killed on each side, and there were left large families of boys, each with its friends and supporters. The third victim was a Bulliner, one of the old man's boys. He was walking along the county road, and bis aunt, an aged lady, wag a few rods in advance of him. One shot from the bush killed the young man, and a second rendered the old lady a helpless oripple. The spirit of the feud had even entered into the late election, and Sisney was put in nomina- tion by the party opposed to the Bulliners. He had been elected, and it was supposed that his official position would enable bim to crush out the Bulliner faction. But the expectation was premature, for Sisney had barely filed his official bond when the judgment of the Bulliners over- took him. The next man to go down was a farm» named Ditmore, whose only connection with the feud lay in the fact that he had seen the old man Henderson killed in the door-yard, and was relied on as the principal witness for bringing the assassin to justice. One of the Hinschcliffs who has identified himself with the Bulliner party went next. He was riding toward town when a volley from the brush killed him on his horse. This was about two months ago. It was now the turn of the Bulliners to kill, and the events of the past week have shown that tbey are not to be the first to cease this terrible | work. Last Saturday night, as my informant tells me, a man crept up within gun-shot range of the house of William Sisney, the lately-elected Sheriff of Williamson county. It was early in the evening, and the curtains had not been drawn. Sisney sat near the supper-table, con- versing with a young lad named Hindman, the son of a neighbour. The assassin dis- charged a double-barrelled shot-gun, heavily loaded with buckshot and slugs. Sisney's ann was torn to pieces, and some of the load lodged in his body, produoing wounds which will probably result fatally. Hindman was mortally wounded, and died Monday. He was only fourteen years of age. Thirteen buck- shot had lodged in his body. An examination Sunday morning showed that the assasssin had crept through a field in his stocking feet. Nobody knows when this terrible feud will end. These men and boys know every cow-path and trail in this section of the county. They do their appointed work in ambush, and then glide away to their homes until their turn comes again to kill. There is a terrible earnestness about the feud, and the secrets of both sides are sacredly kept Month after month the com- munity is aroused by the faot that another life has been taken, end that is all. My informant says the terrorism which prevails oan hardly ba comprehended. Nobody dares be seen with those known to be allied with either side, and nobody dares appear to avoid either party. Men stay quietly on their farmB, and keep their families about them. There is no society, and no going out after nightfall. The ^iistbalasian SK>TCHrH.-^-Thenumber for the current month contains some excellent engrav- ings, those which illustrate the ravages of the recent bush- fires m \ictoiia, and the water-difhcultj m Melbourne, being particularly noticeable. There is a grand picture of Mount Macedon on fire, and an admirable engiaving-copi of a picture in the Vic- torian Academy-by iii Woodhouse, entitled " Fue and Flight ^ It represents a bush on fire, and the horses and cattle skurrj ing in terror down a slope, urged at once by the stockmen and the flames m the rear. The Sketcher is now printed on toned paper. The letter-press is good as usual. Nuibow-Gauqf Eailkoads.-"The superiority of nairow-gauge railroads," sajs Leslie's Illustrated. Joui nal, " is by this time pretty thoroughly estab- lished One by one the prominent companies ara changing from the broad to the narrow, the Grand Trunk from Portland to Montreal being the last. The advantages of this sjstem maj be seen by re- ferring to the Dem er and Kio Grande Company, in Colorado, owning the longest nairow gauge road in the country An ordinary freight car weighs eight and a half, and will carry 10 tons A narrow gauge car weighs leas than three tons, and carnes five and a half tons of freights There is a saving of more than 30 tons of car weight for each 100 tons of freight, and 2621b m dead weight to each passenger. Again, the nirrow gauge of 3ft coats less than one half as much to construct as the 4ft 84m gauge. The decreased amount of dead weight carried with each car is another strong point in favour of the change Troni these considerations, it is probable that the alteration of old roads and construction of new one3 will do much towards solving the question of cheap transportation " The Gundagai Times of Feb b,-The long drought we have experienced seems at last fairly broken, and irom man\ parts of the country the welcome news anives of plentiful rain haying fallen "We had a thunder storm and a good downpoor here on the 29th ultimo, but tha parched earth so spedily ab- sorbed the moistere that oBly the absence of dust for a day or two indicated that it had fallen Dur- ing the early part of the weather was close snd op- pressive , but on Thursday steady ïmo set ut early in the morning and continued to fall during the day and in the evening, yesterday (Fndaj)was a fair, cool, and pleasant day, 