The demise of the Newcastle FireB has not been attended with that d which should have surrounded the cc of such a long suffering body. For ? months the hitherto dauntless spiri predominated in its members has gradually becoming a prey to air brought on by repeated doses of con and indifference forced upon it by th zens. Faint cries for temporary rel be afforded in the shape of 200 ft hose, has been occasionally wafted the engine shanty across Newcc street, but having been so long unr nised, the cries have become fainte fainter, and have lately ceased altogi The murmurs ol indignation that were heard when the dilapidated state o engine hose was brought under consi tion have gradually changed into a of laughter or shouts of derision a bare idea of getting new hose ; and ' an additional point is required to be) to a bankrupt's affairs, they are desr. as being as ' rotten as the engine lit Besides the citizeriB tvisely reflect, th there huve been no fires in Newcastl some time, the necessity either for en or hose has ceased to exist. It is certa within the range of possibility that ; such a continuance of hot weather fierce summer heats as we have had lat that the rickety old collections of withered planks and rails in Huntcr-bWeet, satirically designated stores, 'have been rendered peculiarly inflammable and capi tally adapted for burning; consequently, if a fire were to break out at this season ol the year, it would not be particularly re mark able if half the town were burnt down. But then theie would be the other half left, to be burned on a future occa sion, and, therefore, there is still no neces sity to be in a hurry to organise a well appointed fire brigade in Newcastle. One might as well insist upon a permanent water supply, and then a perfect system of drainage, and then the city and suburbs to be illuminated with gas ! On this point Hope has again sprung up within the city breast. By the. last half- yearly report ol the Newcastle Gas Company, we find that the Directors haye resolved to reduce the price of gas to 10s. per thousand feet. There was a time when a tremendous 'blow ' was indulged in as to what the Council would do when the gas should be reduced to 1 0s. MainB were to be laid down, branch pipes were to intersect or run parallel mth, or penetrate every ^street, and New castle, the principal coal port of this hemis phere, was actually to. present the astound ing spectacle of a city lighted up witb gas ! Well, the gaa is to be reduced to 10s. per thousand feet; but where will be the money to pay for it ? The day for ' blow ing,' on the part of the Council is. past. and the hour of 'crowing,' on the part of the Gas Company will soon commence. What with the ' blowing,' the ' crowing/1 dnd unfortunately the 'owing,' the benight :d Council and somniferous citizens must be in a state, of which they should feel — if corporate bodies can feel— anything but proud ! With regard . to lighting the city with gas, theie certainly can be no further concession expected from the company ; but the time when the corresponding move ment ia to be made on the part of the Borough Council is yet in the hands of Fate, and likely to remain there. As to the fire engines, the sooner they are put up at public auction the better. The Brigade is defunct. The' hitherto irrepressible super intendent must henceforth walk about in sackcloth and ashes, &c;, and mourn over the 'progress' the city is mating.. The funeral libations that were poured out at Rouse's hotel, on the occasion of the final dismemberment of the Brigade, were the fare, well mementos of its existence. While our roof trees still rear their heads, this houour able and useful body will not be missed ; but when the dense volumes of smoke enter our bed- chambers at night, when the hard earned slumbers are rudely broken by the cry of ' Fire,'' when the morning sun shines upon onr smouldering household gods, mingled perhaps with the blackened remains of those whom we loved dearer than life itself, then will the despicable policy of indifferentism as to such a casualty occur ring, be fully realised, and we shall wish: — whatever else had been neglected — that we had seen to the efficient maintenance'of the -.^.Lvuun. — A match between the r.ast Maitland, and Newcastle Volunteer Rifle Corps, takes place on the 3rd ult., at the butts on Shepherds' Hill. Steam-Drogher Banshee. — Mr. Ste ren'a new steam-drogher Banshee was towed to Sydney yesterday morning by the steamer Yarra' Yarra, for the purpose of having her boilers and engines put in. PainfUl Occurrence —A seaman be longing to the ship Uaddon Hall fell down the hold of that vessel on Thursday evening last, and sustained several severe wounds on his face and, head. The sufferer was attended by Dr. Harris. -, Theatre Royal— We are glad to ob serve by our advertising columns, that the old Newcastle farourites Mr. and Mrs. P.Belton, with a powerful company, appear in Newcastle on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings next. The -names of Mi. and Mrs. Belton are sufficient to ensure a good house. _^ Land Sale at Wickham — Mr. Gar diner sold a number of fine allotments yesterday, at Wickham, for Mr. Thomas Adam. The prices realised were as follows : — Lot 1. to Mr. Arnott. £66 ; lot 2. Mr. P. Maloney, £37 ; lot 3, Mr. A. Frewin. £36 ; lots 4, 5, 6, 7, Mr. Petram, £65 for the first, and £35 for esbh of the others Newcastle Wesleyan Sunday School. — Th© anniversary services in connec tion with the above school will be preached on Sunday next, at 11 a.m., by theEcv. G. Martin, of Sydney, and in the afternoon, at three o'clock, an. address will be given. On Monday evening, a tea and public mao ting will be held. On Fri day next, the annual* excursion to Fleming's paddock will take place. St. James' Church, Wickham— I! The Sunday school picnic in connection with the I! above will Vie held on Tuesday next, in Mr if' Danger's paddock, Maitland- road. Should the pi weather prove propitious, the treat cannot fail W to be a success, as every arrangement conducive inl to the convenience of visitors has been made || Newcastle Fire Brigade— a meeting || for the purpose of ascertaining the intentions of 1 H the members of the Newcastle Firo Brigade, wag ' m held on Wednesday evening last, at Rousc'i fix Hotel. Being the first held for fifteen months B no definite arrangements were made, but it n Wi intended by the members to hold another meet- m ing shortly. ? m State Affairs in New Caledonia. ? —We learn from private sources that the Min. ? istry of France has instructed the Government I of New Caledonia to arrest sixty-six residents I of that colony for being connected with the I escape of Rochefort. The principals amongst K the persons to bo arrested are l)ussere, Sohn E Cassan, and Blaise, all of whom are well known W, in the political circles of France. The new W governor is expected to arrive in New Caledonia B in March next. K Newcastle Races.— T^^y and Wed- I nesday next— the 26th and 'J^f.insL, are the ? days on which the Newcastle Itwpare to be run R and a very good meeting is aWcipatod. The E arrivals from Sydney are, Browns'* Lycurgus and B Guard, Tait's Arrow, Ivory's Lady Bird, Alar- K chioness and Gazelle, Archer's Lord Lyon, Stew. j| art's Priam, Hillias' Stanhope, and Hill's Dis- Hi raeli. A good number of up country horses are ti expected, and no doubt each event will be well K competed for. . 1 Early Closing Association. -The i storekeepers of Hunter-street are with praise- » worthy *cl ami exertions atlemptinff to brim; K about a reduction in their hours of business, as K regards keeping their various places of business W open. Should this grand objoct be attained, the ? employers win uumui uui uiny on ineir Hard- tit working employes, but also upon themselves, an K almost incalculable benefit. A report of a meet- Wl ing belli on Thursday evening last, in relation to II the half-holiday and early closing association, W appears in another column. |- Suicide on the West Coast.--A man named Angus, who had been working on the road contract at the Nipe-mile, Westport, deliberately coramittad suicide by walking into the Buller river. He had been indulging in a holiday bout of hard liquor, and required watch ing to prevent him doing violence to himself. JJoxt he suddenly made for the river, and re sisted all attempt at succour. Bernard Cun ningham pluckily followed him into the stream in the effort to drag him back, but had at last to | give up his hold to save his own life '1'he body 1 has not been recovered. — Ifeslpurt Times. ^ I Death from Joy. — The Western Mail I says that four yenrs since an elderly man named | Edwards, residing at Treforest, bucame bail for I certain persons accused of stealing property be- I ,d not choose to face the charge, and I * United States. The alternative pr«- ! .„ Kdwards was to produce the prisoners t acrilicc m satisfaction of his bond some I s property which he owned at Treforest. { .?ctcd to go after the men to the Stutes ; I a was not successful in finding them. I twelve months since ho wrote home to [ fo saying he was very ill and poor. His I .t onco replied, offering to secure him a I e in the South Wales Atlantic Lino to ! I', and to satisfy his bond by mortgaging I Mages. Edwards did not at onec adopt I ife's suggestion, but struggled on, and reached Liverpool a few days since, in laracter of ' stowaway.' The captain of ssel, seeing that Edwards was old and ill, 'e him the legal penalties of his position, ltimately, through the generosity of some itriots at Chester, Edwards arrived in the bourhood of his home. Tho wife was pre for his arrival, but what was an occasion ? became one of mourning. The wife, ac ig to the narrative, ran towards the cas- I and on her approach the husband said, leep emotion, ' O, Maria anwl !' (O, dear I !) He was carried into the house, still ? graspiug Mary's hand, and in a lew -?«. with his hand firmly locked in that of ifo's, it was found that he was dead. jtermined Suicide.— What appears I a most determined case of suicide occurred I Imca on Tuesday afternoon. Mr. William I y, a puinter by trade, and a very old resi- 1 of Echuca (reports the Riverine Herald) I between five and six o'clock in the evening, I 1 lying dead outside his hut door, with hi) t cut. An inspection of the premises led 10 to the conclusion that the unfortunate had died by his own hand, and that tho act had been gone about in the most cool leliberate manner possible. Tho dwelling | it consisted of two rooms, in the first of i is a deal kitchen table and cooking uten vhile tho inner apartment serves as a bed- A . On tho tablo before- mentioned was found |a dinary dinner-knife, bloody to the hilt, and a ; bedroom beside the couch of the deceased 51 ? lloor, stood a large round paint pot, one- 9 full of blood. From the position of the 1 it is inferred that, after cutting his throat, I eceased holding the pot to catch the blood, 1 iaside and lay down and died. The de- 1 d camo to Echuca about twelve or thirteen 1 1 ago ; he was single, and lived entirely I I , and, when his health permitted, was all vorking, industrious tradesman ; but ha I I ubject to annual attacks of acuto rheuma- I and while so suffering, was in the habit of I ing deeply, in order to assauge pain. He 1 1 iteiy been the subject of some of these an- I nit visitations, and it is supposed that the I ined effects of pain and intoxication pro- I I a state of mind which can only bo fitly ? ibed as one of temporary insanity. — Braid- I Dispatch. ?j&/±~'- I istructive Bush*Fires.— Judging I ; charred remains, the' fire appears to at I .. have spread to the north and south, gone I ..und.the fallowed land, crossed the ranges, I and thonce made its way along the table lands. I The fire, as far as we could gather, broke out I absut 1 p.m. on Thursday, on Mr. Davidson's I land near the wheat heap, Mr. Davidson at tho I time being at Kapuhda. Thence the fire made { its way across the Light into Mr. S. Moodjr's, where it consumed about thirty aores of standing crop, a htap of wheat estimated to contain about a thousand bushels, and. a quantity of harness, which was lying there, 'about 250 acres of grass, a large extent of fencing, and a hay stack containing about 40 tons. Thence it went into Mr. Inglis's farm, where it destroyed from 70 to 80 acres of standing crop, a heap of wheat which was being cleared, and several bagsot wheat. Mr. Inglis had a stack of bagged wheat and this was, fortunately, though with «?/A difficulty saved. The garden round the ho\S- f was also -destroyed, but the house itself was »ived. Mr. Hams and Mr. Hayes are serious losers. 'We have received from a reliable autho rity an account of tho losses sustained by the undermentioned farmers :— S. B. Moody : About 1000 buslwls wheat In heaps, 40 tons of hay, several sets harness and fencing ; loss estimated at £350. John Inglis, about 60 aores standing corn, one heap containing about 280 bushels— 1000 bushels wheat, sundries and fencing ; Ion about £250. James Hayes— 40 tow hay, fenc ing, and all his wheat excepting about40 acres i ; he estimates his loss at about £300. W. J. Hams : 20 aores wheat out of 46 acres, andfour aores barley ; loss estimated at £50. A. Hum fries : 36 acres atandingcorn, about 350 bushels wheat; losa £70. F.*H. Button: 226 pan. b fencing, and about 2,500 acres grass, or feed tot 4,700 sheep. The fire ia supposed to have origi nated in Mr. Davidson's section, south or ti ? Light, which it crossed and ran np th.8 table laad.'— Jfajmnda Berald. 