EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various jour nals to hand :— The Melbourne ' Daily Telegraph' of 18th Dec. says:—The fall of the Parkes MinPsirt in Sydney promises to be very rapicA A S. journal says:—Weechurch, the notorious criminal, who committed the assault on Mr. Duncan, at Pentridge, and subsequently on a warder there, was tried for the murderous offence at Melbourne this week, and found "not guilty," and is remanded to Pentricge. It was ex- pected that he would have been found guilty and hanged. The * Pastoral Times' of the 18th Dec. says :—The weather duriug the week has been at times very severe, the ther- mometer having ranged, at Dteniliquin, from 110° to 117° in the shady box of the Telegraph Department.—The Deniliquin Quarter Sessions opened on Friday morn- ing, his Honor Judge Francis presiding. Before proceeding with the business of the Court, his Honor took occasion to intimate the fact that this would be the last circuit at which he would preside, and expressed his intention of spending the remainder of his days in the old country. He bade adieu to the people of the district in feeling terms, and con gratulated them on the decrease of crime. The legal gentlemen present addressed his Honor, who made a suitable-reply. The * M. R. Times' says :--Recently Mr. Galloway had a very narrow escape. He was riding from Cundle to; the Daw- son Punt, and along the line the telegraph men were felling trees—one of the trees fell so near him as to knock his^hat off.— Our Coupla Curripa cor. informs us that there are now very few men working at Coupla Curripa, and out of those few some have already left to spend their Christmas at home, with the intention of returning after the holidays arepver. He further states that several of the men have been averaging £3 per welk. The Port Macquarie cor. of the same paper writes :—While the steadier Ballina was lately lying at the wharf, a boy named Willie Read, about 8 or 9 years, got his thigh jammed in between the steamer and the wharf, and, but for the spring which prevented the sponson from coming in closer contact with the facing pile, it would have crushed it fearfully ; as it was, the flesh only was lacerated, making an ugly wound. He was carried home at once and the wound attended to by Dr. Parsons, under whose care he iaprogress- ing favourably.—A man named Keogh was committed for trial en Satur- day by R. I. Perrott, Esq., J.P., on a charge of wilfully cutting down a telegraph post on the Blackman's Point Road, and cutting the wire. The "Newcastle Chronicle' says :—A black snake, about four feet long, was killed at Mr. Mere wether's residence, on Tuesday last," and there being something peculiar in its appearance it was cut open, and in it were found no less than thirteen mice. Soon we shall have domesticated snakes in the place of the present feline mousers.—The residence of Mr. Dickson, of Bolton-street, narrowly escaped being burned on Tuesday evening last. A son of Mr. Dickson, aged about five years, was in the bedroom, where a lighted candle was burning; he moved the candle from its place of safety and put it too close to the bed curtains, which soon took fire. Mr. Dickson, who was in the ad- joining room, seeing the glare, rushed and tore down the curtains, which were soon extinguished. Mr. Dickson, in his efforts to extinguish the fire, got his hands slightly burned. The Murray cor. of a Kapunda journal, S. A., writes :—The report mentioned in my,last as having reached the police, re a man having hung himself at the North West Bend, has turned out to be true. An inquest has been held, and a verdict that he hung himself while suffering from temporary insanity caused by drink re- turned. I am told that the poor fellow's body had been hanging about a week when taken down by the police. The state of it can be better imagined than described. His dog, I am informed, had been to the Bend station, making piteous noise on several occasions, while his master was hanging, always returning to lie at his feet. The man's name is William Walker, hot Howard, as reported. He had been on the spree at the Burra, and was on his way up the Murray to a job" of fencing when delirium came on him. The Waratah cor. of the 'Newcastle Chronicle' writes :—An alarming bush fire was raging yesterday in the vicinity of Waratah, and for a time threatened de- struction to several residences. The fire started near the junction of the Wallsend and Maitland lines, and spread with alarming rapidity towards the Maitland road, carrying all before it. It then crossed the Maitland road and continued its ravages in Mr. Ridgeway's paddock. In the mean time, so much had the fire spread, several persons had to mount their houses and put wet blankets on them to keep back the devouring element. Fortunately, at about 5 o'clock, the wind changed round to the Southward, and all danger was past. The extent of burnt land was about three-quarters of a mile square, and on the side of the Waratah Road next to Maitland. The origin of the fire is at present unknown, but it is supposed it was caused by the sparks from a passing engine. The tire was, when at its height, a terrific sight, the Barnes ris- ing to a height of about sixty feet, and stretched themselves, when wafted by the breezes, right across the road, and set fire to the timber on the opposite side. During the fire, a large number of snakes, native bears, native cats, and other wild animals crossed the Maitland road near Mr. Thomas's residence, to seek shelter from the flames. Happily, and through, as it were, an interposition of Providence, no damage was done; but, when such narrow escapes are experienced, it is time something to prevent the sparks flying from the engines should be done. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says:—Mr. Chas. Cook and Mr. R. Hogue had a narrow es- cape while bathing in the breakers yester day. The sea was unusually calm, and the young men were swimming a short distance from the shore, when a large shark rose to the surface, and then dived within a few yards of them. The ' C. and R. Examiner' says :—On Wednesday last, the bridge erected over the Nymboy, at Buccarumbi, was tested. Mr. Statham, the Road Superintendent, had notified to teamsters his intention of allowing them to cross the bridge on that day, and consequently a large number assembled at either side of the crossing, some of whom had been camped there for two days, and the real test was some twenty odd loaded drays on the bridge, 1 giving an average weight of not less than seventy tons on the structure at the same time. The trial was made very carefully, a portion going on first, which was in creased up to the above weight—all the teams being moving at the same time, when a deflection of a quarter of an inch on one of the long spans, and about half an inch on the approaches, only was visible. The result may be considered highly satisfactory, while the bridge itself is a credit to Mr. W. C. Bennett, the Engineer-in-chief for Roads, and to the Public Works Department, in being enabled to find gentlemen with sufficient ability to carry such stupendous works to a successful issue. We are informed the bridge will be open to the public about the beginning of the New Year, and we hail it as a boon—being another connect ing link between the Clarence and New England districts.—We are again called upon to notice another most diabolical act of cruelty to a dumb animal. It ap pears that on Sunday last Mr. Parris tnrned out his draught mare to graze in his own enclosure, on the Junction Road, aud yesterday morning the animal was discovered with a clean cut under the near shoulder, leaving a gash of at least six inches in length.—On Friday morning last, Mr. Fink, who lives on the Carr's Creek side of the race course, was work ing near Cole's, on the Richmond Road, close by a waterhole. Fortunately, an other man was working within two or three yards of him. Fink, turning sud- around to his mate, said, " I shall not do any more work to-day for Father Peter." He then went to the waterhole with his can, and, stooping down as if to get some water, fell in. His mate, hear- ing the splash, rushed to see what was the matter, and found him lying motion- less in the water. He supported him as well as he was able, and shouted for assistance, which fortunately was at hand. He was then dragged up on to the bank, and laid down, but for a considerable time those around him tried to arouse him before he showed any signs of con- sciousness. He then started off in the bush, in a half-unconscious state, followed by his mates, and rambled about nearly three hours before they could get him back to the place where his cart was. He was assisted into the cart, and reached home that evening safe, but still bewildered. He has been subject to fits for months past, and in stooping to the water one of these fits coming on he fell in, and providentially was saved from drowning.—A man named Parr, returning home from New England, left Buccarumbi on Saturday morning last. He had not proceeded a mile on his road when his horse stumbled and fell, throw ing him violently on to his elbow. Find ing his arm stiff and very painful, he went back to Buccarumbi, and getting his arm put into a sling, came on to Grafton for medical assistance. He consulted Dr. Houison, who, ascertaining that there was dislocation of the elbow, reduced it. Parr is now doing well.—On Monday last Louis Vesper, ten years of age, left the Travel- lers' Rest, Richmond and Tenterfield Roads, to look for a horse, taking with him three of Mr. J. T. Lovel's children, two girls and a boy, aged respectively Maggie, nine years; Theresa, seven ; and Frederick, five. At dinner time, none of the party could be found, and the alarm was given, when a large number of volun teers started out in all directions, and came upon their tracks in an Easterly di- rection about five miles from the Rest, and the search was followed up until nightfall, when it became very dark, still the search was continued all night, cooeying and firing off guns at intervals, Fortunately, about seven a.m. on Tues- day, the children were recovered about four miles from Ghibragee, and eleven from their home, evidently none the worse for their night's camping out— the youngest, when found, merely re- marking that he thought some one would go to look for them. On being questioned, he said, " I was lost, and slept in the ashes." From the route taken by the children, it appears they must have tra- velled at least thirty miles that day, and continued walking till they came to a bush fire, where they camped all night, starting again next morning before the stars were down., It is singularly fortunate that they were discovered at the time they were, as the little wanderers were just on the eve of entering some very difficult and dangerous country, which had they succeeded in reaching, the chances are they would all have perished, before they could have been recovered. The shock caused to Mrs. Lovel by the great fright, brought on a severe fit of illness, but from which we are glad to learn she is re- covering. The Armidale cor. of the same journal writes :—There is a rumour, and a pretty general opinion, that before many days a successor will be appointed to the post of P.M., now occupied by Mr. Buchanan, who will then assume the duties of War- den of the Northern Gold Fields ; a Mr. Pinhey, a late chemist in Sydney, is spoken of for the post of P.M. The nomination at Grafton for the elec- torate of the Clarence seems to have been, in certain respects, a most disgraceful af fair. Eggs were freely thrown, and some of the language used appears to have been only fit for an assemblage at a prize fight. Persons who disgrace themselves in such a blackguard manner on an occasion se- cond in importance to none do not de- serve to have a vote for the election of a member of the Assembly. The ' Grafton Argus' says :—One of the grossest cases of cruelty to dumb animals that we have heard of in this district, came under our notice at the Police Court, on Friday, in the suit of Girard v. Donohue. We are informed that in one case a small collar was put on a val- uable horse, and the animal so worked as to literally rub great flakes of skin off its shoulders, some inches in length ; while in another instance a horse was beaten, by the same man, over the head to such an extent as to render the animal blind. The Bench very properly fined the cruel fellow—Donohue—£5 ; and we trust it will act as a warning to others who are too prone to consider that a dumb ani mal is devoid of feeling. Really, we think there is room in our district for an Association for the Prevention of Cruelty to Dumb Animals. The order was that the defendant should pay £5 as compensation, and 5s. 6d. Court costs; in default, levy; in further de fault, 14 days in gaol. The fine was paid. The Solferino cor. of the 'Grafton Ar- gus' writes :—An accident, which might have been attended with a serious result, happened in the Lion Reef Gold Mining Company's claim. A young man named Wolfe was at the bottom of the deep shaft sending up " mullock," when a large piece of rock fell on him from a distance of forty feet, striking him close to the spine and injuring him severely ; he was brought to the surface in a very weak condition. Mr. John Watt attended him, and he is progressing favourably. The * Newcastle Pilot' says :—The boy Manasseh Lasker, who was stabbed with a broken bottle a few weeks back, by an- other boy, is still suffering, greatly from the wound. We are informed that Dr. Page, who is attending the sufferer, has expressed his opinion that, if the bottle had not struck a bone in its course, it would probably have passed through the kidneys, in which case fatal results would most likely have supervened. The 'S. M. Herald' says :—After en- during now for more than a year the restoration of the Customs' frontier on the Murray, the mercantile community of Melbourne, as represented by its Chamber of Commerce, has once more begun to make a movement, with a view to see if some plan could not be devised by which inland inter colonial free trade could be restored. Believing as we do that free trade is the sound policy for all the colonies to adopt, we most heartily wish the Melbourne Chamber success in its efforts to educate the Government and the people of its own territory, and none the less so because it is clear that there is plenty of uphill work before it. Telegram from Brisbane, in 'Herald' of 23rd Dec. :—A boat has been beached near Cape Moreton, with two evident escapes from New Caledonia. They had only one oar, a makeshift rudder, a sprit sail, a bagging jib, a duck, 1 lb. of bis- cuit, and a pint of water aboard, and no compass. It is understood that they steered by the sun. Their clothes are branded "5604," and "5117." The names given are Cront? and Busnot. They are at present at the lighthouse. Ditto from Melbourne :—Another woman hus committed suicide in the Yarra. She left a note giving her watch and locket to whoever found her.—At the inquest on James Ballantyne, who poisoned himself at the Royal Mail Hotel, the jury found no evidence to show the state of mind in which deceased was at the time of the commission of the deed. Ditto from Adelaide :—The Hygeia returned to port last night. Her stern is damaged and her bowsprit carried away. The damage sustained by the two vessels is estimated at £500.—The Moonta Mine has declared 5s. dividend. This is the lowest ever declared by the com- pany. Ditto from Grafton :—There was great excitement over the polling to-day. Four returns give Mr. Bawden a majority of 500\. 673 votes were recorded in Grafton alone. Eighteen more returns are to come in, but Mr. Bawden's return is a certainty. He was drawn round the town to-day, accompanied by a band of music.—Mr. Fawcett polled very high at Casino. Ditto from Sofala :—The nomination for the Gold Fields West took place to day. Mr. David Buchanan and Mr. James Patrick Sweeney, of Parkes, were nominated. The show of hands was de- clared to be in favour of Mr. Buchanan. A poll was demanded. At a police court in Sydney, a few days ago, Thomas Griffin was fined £3, with 10s. 6d. costs, for having cruelly ill treated two pigs, by killing them in a brntal manner. The Lochinvar cor. of the 'Mercury' writes :—A very serious accident hap pened to a son of Mr. Thomas Winders, of Lochinvar, last Monday night. He was out with other boys in his father's paddock, climbing trees ; he had climbed one, and when up he became faint, and fell to the bottom, breaking his arm, and bruising his body in a very serious man ner. Dr. Morson was immediately sent for, and under his treatment be appears to be slowly mending. The 'Herald' says :—Mr. Lavers has reduced his capillary filter to an exceed ingly simple form—a bag of animal char coal and a bundle of worsted yarn. The charcoal is thrown into a vessel filled with the water to be filtered, and the worsted yarn is lodged on the edge—one end in the water, the other free to discharge into a vessel placed at a lower level and supplied with a tap. This simple appa ratus deals very effectively with all the material in suspension, and, if the yarn is kept clean, ensures a glass of clear water. The Denman cor. of the ' Mercury' writes:—Mr. John M'Donald, of Yar rabee, met with a serious accident last Thursday. While driving horses through Yaroa, his horse put his foot in a stump hole, and fell on him, breaking his collar bone, and otherwise severely bruising him. Dr. Lowson, of Merriwa, was sent for, and under whose care he is pro gressing favourably. Mr. M'Donald is very unfortunate: he met with a very serious accident some two or three months back, from a fall from his horse, and he has only been able to get about to look after his business within the last few weeks ; and now he is again laid up. The ' Maryborough Chronicle,' Qd., says :—The South Sea Islander whom we reported as having been bitten by a snake at Kirkcobbon plantation, on Wednesday last, has recovered. It appears that he went down to a waterhole for some pur pose, and shortly afterwards came to the field-overseer complaining that he had been bitten by a snake. By the overseer he was taken to the manager, who having discovered a slight mark near the shin lanced and sucked it, and applied ammonia internally and externally. Strong rum was also given at intervals until the Kanaka was—'' snoring, serene and mor tal," but " very drunk." The show of hands at the nomination for the Upper Hunter was in favour of Mr. F. White. The ' Herald' says:—A man was charged at the Central Police Court with having been found drunk in a public place. He admitted that the fact was as stated by the constable, \- but asked that their worships would deal as leniently as possible with him, this being only his second offence of the kind for twenty- five years. The Justice enquired if this were true, and in reply was informed that this was the defend ant's third appearance in Court for drunkenness within a fortnight. The delinquent was then sentenced to pay the maximum penalty prescribed by law for his offence. The 'Goulburn Herald' says:—Mr. David Lillie, formerly a resident of Goul burn, died very suddenly, at Messrs. Gibson Brothers', Caragaball Station. He went to bed, apparently in his usual health, about 8. About 10 he called Mr. Cassidy saying he felt very unwell with a choking sensation in his throat, and he asked Mr. Cassidy to stay in the adjoining room. About 11, hear ing nothing, Mr. Cassidy went into his room, and found him dead. The coroner for Grenfell held an enquiry ; and Dr. Wade, after making an examination of the body and hearing Mr. Cassidy's evi- dence, came to the conclusion that de- ceased died from stoppage of the circu- lation of the blood, caused by fatty dege- neration of the heart. The jury found that deceased died from natural causes. The ' Mercury' says:—Our numerous readers will join with us in the regret which we feel in having to record the death, in San Francisco, of Mr. Menzies, who, for many years, resided in West Maitland. Mr. Menzies was well known as a lover of music and the drama, and frequently appeared before a Maitland audience on behalf of our charitable and benevolent institutions. The ' D. D. Gazette' says :—With deep regret we record the death of Dr. Anderson, one of our most useful and beloved fellow citizens. He was engaged in his profess- sional duties np to about 1 a.m., on Wed nesday last, was taken suddenly ill about 1.30, and passed away in his sleep about 3 the same morning. Beloved as he was for his feeling disposition and genuine goodness, his sudden demise will be de- plored as a loss by every family in the district. At a magisterial enquiry on Thursday afternoon, Dr. Armstrong gave it as his opinion that death was caused by serous apoplexy.—The district has been visited during the past week by swarms of grasshoppers. Much injury has been caused to the potato crop, but the vines generally have escaped without damage. From Gatton and Tent Hill we learn that the crops of grapes will be light, owing to a visitation of caterpillars, the invading host having covered and de- stroyed nearly everything in the vine yards and gardens. Late crops of apri- cots also have suffered to an unusual extent from maggots near the stone, which render the fruit useless for house hold purposes.—At the Toowoomba Po- lice Court, Constable John Brannelly was charged with stealing a cruet stand, work box, single barrelled gun, and sundry ar ticles the property of William King. Af ter evidence had been taken, the prisoner desired the case to be dealt with by the Bench, and the decision was reserved un- til the following morning, when he was or dered to pay a fine of 20s. ; in default, one month's imprisonment. The ' Toowoomba Chronicle' says, of the late Dr. Anderson:—About two months ago he lost his wife—a sister of the Hon. A. H. Palmer—to whom he was fondly attached, and his friends had noticed that the sad bereavement was having an effect on his health and had advised him to take a trip to the sea-side for his health's sake. His practice, how ever, and the calls of his family would not admit of it, and he continued at his pro fessional work until stricken down sud denly by the relentless hand of death. The deceased gentleman leaves five or phan children behind him, the youngest being four years old.—Mr. Charles Jones, while returning from Dr. Anderson's fnneral yesterday, fell from his horse, through the girth of the saddle breaking, and dislocated his hip.—The town of Rockhampton was lit with gas on the night of the 16th inst., when several of the main buildings were illuminated. The 4 Herald' of 24th ultimo says A man named Francis Osborne, while re pairing a chimney in Harrington-street, fell down the roof into the guttering of a parapet, which fortunately saved him from falling over into the street. The injury he received was a very severe and nasty flesh wound on the right side of his face. He was taken to the Infirmary. William Callaghan, while painting the framework of a railway carriage at Messrs. P. N. Russell and Co.'s railway factory, at the foot of Bathurst-street, received severe injuries. Callaghan was painting one side of the framework and two men the other side, when by some means the framework of the carriage, wliich was standing up on its end, fell over on top of the unfortu- nate man Callaghan and inflicted serious injury to his spine, besides causing a se- vere shock to his system. He was con- veyed to the Infirmary. A woman named Mary Alexander was admitted into the Infirmary yesterday suffering from a con- tused triangular'wound over the right oc- cipital region, which she received from a blow delivered by some man she had been quarrelling with. At a meeting in Sydney, the other day, with, reference to the disposal of the sum collected on account of a testimonial to Sir Alfred Stephen, it was stated that the net amount in hand, after paying for ad vertising, &c.;, was £1594 ; but this amount would probably be raised to about £1700 by subscriptions from distant parts of the colony and from London. Mr. Trebeck moved "That the treasurer be requested and authorised to hand over to Sir Alfred Stephen the sum of 1500 guineas on ac- count of the Testimonial Fund." Mr. John Alger seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. Telegrams from Windsor, in 'Herald' of 24th ult. :—The most disastrous fire ever witnessed in this district is now raging in the town. Half of Macquarie- street is in flames, and the fire is extending. Most of the principal buildings in George-street are being consumed. Little or nothing can be done to stay the destructive pro- gress of the flames, and to add to the devas- tation a fearful hurricane of hot air has been raging all day. The greatest excite ment prevails.—6.30. The violence of the conflagration is diminished, fire-en gines having arrived from Sydney. Two persons have been burned to death. 11.30. The fire has abated, but the en- gines are still playing on the burning ruins. About thirty houses have been destroyed. Ditto from Yass :—The wall of the gaol has become almost insecure, and owing to the strong wind which blew to-day it had to be temporarily propped. The autho- rities here have long known its insecure state, and have made representations, yet nothing has been done in the case. Ditto from Brisbane :--M'Pherson, a bushranger, who was sentenced about eight years ago to twenty-two years' ser- vitude, has been released by the Execu- tive. He was known as the " Wild Scotch- man." Ditto from Melbourne :—The Assembly has refused to reduce the town postage.— Mrs. Morgan and child dieSlHht Sandridge from injuries occasioned by the bursting of a kerosene lamp.—It will require £20,000 at the most moderate estimate for the increased salaries to teachers, as carried by resolution of the Assembly. The proprietors of the ' Australasian' will give a silver cup to the top scorer in the Intercolonial Cricket Match. Ditto from Adelaide:-- The Savings' Bank interest for the current year is fixed at per cent.—Sales of wheat at 4s. 4d. 150 tons of country flour sold at £10 15s. For the Nepean, Major Shepherd beat Mr. J. T. Ryan, by a majority of 78. Mr. Win. Forster was beaten for Quean- beyan by Mr. Wright, by a majority of 102. An inquest has been held in Sydney as to the death of Thomas Swift, immediately after being received at the Infirmary, with a fractured collar bone, caused by falling down some steps while intoxicated. A verdict of death from apoplexy was given. An inquest was held lately, at Pennant Hills, as to the death of Isabella Hockley a widow. She had been drinking, and hanged herself in a fit of temporary in sanity. On this case there was a jury of 14. The Parkes cor. of the ' Herald' writes: —On Thursday morning, as the Orange mail coach was turning the corner of Forbes and Court streets, one of the front wheels came off; 110 further accident-oc- curred, although a lady was seated on the box.—Cecilia Tomlinson has been com- mitted for trial, on the charge of stabbing, with intent, Pennington, the man she was cohabiting with. And its Gulgong cor. :—The auriferous cement at Tallewang is attracting more attention, as it is found to pay even with the expense of hauling it six or seven miles to the battery. The Melbourne ' Argus' says: — A charge of unlawfully wounding a greyhound, pre- ferred by Miss Angelina Willis against Mr. Wm. W. Bagshaw, was yesterday in vestigated, at the St. Kilda Police Court. Dr. Madden, instructed by Mr. Frank Stephen, appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Kidston for defendaut. The evi- dence for the prosecution was to the ef- fect that on the evening of the 10th inst. the plaintiff and Mrs. Barton were driv ing past the defendant's residence. Two greyhounds belonging to the ladies were following the carriage, and jumped off the road 011 to the defendant's premises. He immediately seized the gun, shot Mrs. Barton's greyhound dead, and seriously wounded Miss Willis's. For the defence it was alleged that the dogs attacked de- fendant's fowls, which were of a valuable breed, and that lie had simply protected liis property. The Bench considered that his views of protection had been carried too far, and inflicted a fine of £5 5s., with £5 5s. costs. They also awarded him to pay £20 damages for the injury done to the dog; in default, 28 days' imprison- ment. "Mr. Kidston gave notice of ap- peal. Telegram from Melbourne, in 'Herald' of 25th ult. :—A convict, named Charles Dyson, from Western Australia, has been arrested for being illegally at large, and remanded. Ditto from NarrabriThe nomination for the Gwydir took place yesterday. Mr. James Moore proposed, and Mr. Hassall seconded, the nomination of Mr. Dangar. Mr. Goldman proposed, and Mr. Orman, a free selector, seconded, the nomination of Captain Mosely. The show of hands was declared to be in favour of Captain Mosely. A close con test is anticipated. Ditto from Tamworth :—The nomina- tion for a representative for Liverpool Plains took place this day. The Return ing-officer, Mr. John Gill, opened the proceedings punctually at noon by reading tho writ. Messrs. Hanley Bennett, D. Macquarie, and M. Regan were proposed and seconded. The Courthouse was crowded, about 300 people being pre- sent. Messrs. Bennett and Macquarie obtained a fair hearing. Mr. Regan's address created considerable amusement. Tho show of hands was declared in favour of Mr. Bennett. Mr. Macquarie demanded a poll. Telegram in the ' Evening News :'— An inquest was held at Narandera, on Friday, on the body of the boy Jackson, who died from drinking whisky—not administered by the father, as stated, but by Robert Shiels, who stands committed for manslaughter. Ditto from Brisbane :-- A Grammar School will be established for girls over twelve years of age, after the holidays. The 'Herald' says :—Yesterday, at 3 p.m., Mr. and Mrs. Abraham Johnston, of the Hunter, visitors to the Windsor district, were driving in a buggy across the Wilberforce Common, being on their way into Windsor, and about twelve miles from that town. The bush was on fire at each side of the road, and a spark XXXXX some of the timber was, by the gale which was raging at the time, blown off Mrs. Johnston's dress, and ignited it. In a few seconds the unfortunate lady was enve- loped in flames, and suffered such injuries that she in a short time expired. Mr. Johnston was also very nearly falling a victim to the flames. The 'Herald' of 24th ult. says:— Shortly after 2 o'clock, yesterday, while the high wind was blowing, it was ob- served that the massive scaffolding used for the " travellers" at the North-East corner of St. Mary's Cathedral, faring Hyde Park, was about to give way. Two men, who had just resumed their work after dinner, hewing stones underneath that portion of the scaffolding, narrowly escaped death by the fall, but they for tunately £ot out of the road before the scaffolding came down. A row of scaffold ing, about 150 feet in length, fell, and in its descent-the timber broke in pieces and was also smashed by stones. Some of the stones of the topmast course of masonry broke and dislodged the more prominent portions. Some of the beams also in their descent struck some of the mouldings at the corners of the buttresses and chipped them off. The moulding of the second buttress Southward, underneath the scaf folding which gave way, has been more particularly broken. Men were engaged throughout the afternoon by the contractor for the building of the cathedral, Mr. John Young, removing the broken por tions of the scaffolding. Some of the very large beams were splintered and broken in some places completely in two. The rest of the scaffolding seems secure and undamaged. The two " travellers" remain on the standing beam, all safe.— A very seriouB accident happened yester day to a man named David Hallahan, employed at Cormaek, Brothers' Coope rage, Darling Harbour, by ashed being blown on top of him. It appears that Hallahan had been sent to .-fix some hoops on several casks at the CastTemaine Brew ery, which is close to Cormack's works. After dinner he went back to Cormack's, and was conversing with some of hiB mates in a shed adjoining Cormack's cooperage. While he was talking the wind, which was very severe, blew the shed down, and a portion of the timber striking him on the head, rendered him insensible. He was taken to the Infirmary, where it was found he had received two severe scalp wounds, and that he was suffering a great deal from the shock to his system.—At the same time that the above casualties occurred, an old boat-shed, at Woolloo mooloo Bay, belonging to Mr. Sheehy, was blown down and smashed to pieces.— A door of a house in Duke-street, Wool loomooloo, was ako blown in.—Several trees in the Domain were torn up by the roots by the force of the wind.-^Jj»-«r.ri ous parts of the city, limJis-TSf trees and shingles of houses werp-Carried away. The 'Mercury's'- Sydney cor. writes, of the same storm :—Yesterday the heaviest gale of wind that has blown in Sydney for some years swept the streets, hurled sign boards, chimney-pots, awnings, sheds, and even trees to the ground, and in some instances unroofed houses. Casualties were numerous, and in one or two in stances serious. The wind, in addition to its strength, was like a blast from a fur- nace, and carrying with it clouds of dust, was peculiarly trying. At Windsor the weather was even more boisterous and oppressive than it was in Sydney ; and at about 3 o'clock a fire broke out which proved more disastrous than any fire which has ever occurred in the colony. Mr. Butler was returned unopposed for Argyle. He exposed a telegram sent by Mr. Parkes to get up opposition. The * Herald' says :—Intelligence has been received from New Caledonia of the wreck of the ship Maitland on a coral reef near Huon Island on the 25th May last. A passing voyager noticed the wreck, and on proceeding to the island found a bottle containing documents which gave the following information : —14 The Maitland left Moreton Bay (Queensland) for Poo Chow Foo, on the 18 th May, and about 1 o'clock in the morning of the 25th ran on to a reef about a mile to the S.E. of Huon Is land. Attempts were made to get the vessel off, but were unavailing, aud two boats were smashed. Having got as many provisions out of the vessel as possible, the chief officer, with Thomas Hey, boat swain, George Sterevenos, A. M4Donald, and W. H. Ovens, seamen, started away in oue of the boats to seek assistance, making for the Australian coast, and on the 14th J une another boat started con taining Mr. Williams, the second officer, Alfred Tytield, George Whittle, Charles "Williams, and John Mackintosh, seamen, leaving fourteen men on the island, who had to build, under great difficulties, a boat, in which they also started on 26th August. Nothing has been heard of the first two boats, but a boat was found stranded on 17th Nov., on the beach, -fegtw^n Mackay and St. Lawrence, N. Queensland, which is believed to be iden tical with the boat built on the island. The weather was thick and cloudy when the Maitland struck the reef, and no ob servations had been obtaiued for two days previously." A N. Z. paper says:—At Wellington, recently, an amusing Maori assault case came before his worship. The prosecu tor was a girl about 15, and the defendant a man fully 40 summers, who claimed the girl as his wife by gift. The girl, or rather child, was adverse to the union, and refused to go with the defendant, who thereupon used force to compel her, and, in the wovds of the European witnesses, from the whaling station at Porirua, 44 dragged her by the hair of the head." The defendant made a very clever defence. He said the girl's father was willing for him to have her ; but her mother objected. Defendant also called a native of his hapu, who had likewise given him the girl, being some distant relation—probably a grandfather—who claimed the right of gift. His worship deplored the Maori customs of marriage, the giving and taking being extremely fine points to decide ; but he would rule that no man could forcibly take a waihine without her consent, and, consequently, fined the defendant 20s. and costs. Mr. John Tebbutt writes to the 'Herald':—A Transit—North Australia. A paragraph under the above heading has appeared three times in your columns. The phenomenon, which was seen at Cooktown on the evening of the 12th ultimo, and which is improperly de- scribed as a transit, was in fact an occul- tation of the planet Venus by the moon. It was visible to many places on the surface of the earth between the parallels of 30 degrees North and 33 degrees South latitude. No occupation, however, could occur to any observer situated to the North of the former or to the South of the latter parallel. As regards the earth generally, or any place on it in particular, the phenomenon is not so rare as your correspondent supposes. Venus was similarly occulted in the Northern hemi- sphere on the 14th of October last, and I remember that a few years since the same phenomenon was well seen in many parts of the colony. The 'H. T. Mercury' says :—A cor. w&tes; :—All our fellow colonists, both ancient and native, will be proud to learn that the pheasant of old England is going ahead, after ali. Mr. Warren Williams, who rents the Bishop's Glebe at New Town, reports that he has at least five and twenty golden-fledged strangers among his grain ; and, so tame are they that the old cocks crow in defiance at the sheep dogs when they bring up their wives and little army of fledgelings to the kitchen door. Mr. Williams says they 44 play the d—" with his barley, but he does not mind that so long as he has something of old England about his barn door. It was only last year that we noted this beautiful bird had located itself in .the hop grounds of Stephen Wright, Esq., of Mr. O'Brien's Bridge, and it is to be hopecl that the pair then seen there have increased to the same extent as those of the Holy Land. The 4 Narrabri Herald' says :—Notice to Correspondents.—We have received letters from several of our subscribers in reference to the pending election for the Gwydir district: we cannot publish them. Throughout the contest the 4 Herald' will stand neutral, and leave to the electors the free exercise of their trust—the franchise. Advertisements we shall in sert or reject as our own judgment may direct; but all other matter touching on the election we must most respectfully decline to insert in our columns. Infor mation regarding meetings held, &c.;, will, of course, appear as news of the week, but without comment. The 4 Herald' says :—On Wednesday, at half-past 12 o'clock, a bush-fire broke out in the centre of several large fruit aud market gardens belonging to Messrs. Wooller, Stack, and Lett, at the North Shore. Mr. Wooller's stable and pigstye also caught fire, but the residents, with the assistance of Mr. Forsyth and his men, after two hours' hard work, man aged to beat out the flames. Mr. Wooller's dwelling-house narrowly es caped. A great number of Mr. Stack's fruit-trees were destroyed. Shortly after wards another fire broke out further North, and the burning bush surrounded Mr. Scott's house, threatening its destruction. Three of Mr. Forsyth's men—named E. and G. Rannard, and J. Buddenich— dashed through the flames and rescued Mrs. Scott and children, who were nearly suffocated. The flames surrounded the tannery of Mr. Henry Owen, and ignited the roofs of the tansheds, but the fire was extinguished by the active exer tions of the neighbours with buckets of water. The Wellington cor. of the ' Herald' writes :—The wheat, hay, and oat crops are really magnificent, and forty bushels to the acre is expected to be a common average. Land here has yielded sixty bushels to the acre. The soil is certainly very rich, and will grow anything in a fa vourable season, such as we have had this year. In a dry season, however, crops are goor; the land requires plenty of rain. ^ (The past few weeks have been very hot and dry, and should there not be raiu shortly, the corn crop will stand a poor chance. Some of it is already presenting a spiked and parched appearance.—A thousand young rams have arrived on the Bogan from Victoria, I believe, hav ing been purchased by Messrs. Hope and Scott, Bemerry. They are a very fine lot of young rams. The bull, the 11th Duke of Derrimut, bred by Mr. Morton, and purchased by Mr. Todhunter for £1000, it is said will pass through Wellington to-night, not travelling in.the daytime on account of the heat. People are sorry to lose an opportunity of seeing him. A well-written address on the Upper Hunter election, in favour of Mr. Frank White, appears in Saturday's ' Mercury,' as an advt. It is from Mr. R. Thatcher, and ends with these words and his signa ture :—Lest any one should sneer at my advocacy of Mr. White's claim to elec tion, I can assure them that it is disin terested, and that I have had no com munication with, and expect nothing from him whatever. The 4 Illawarra Mercury' states that re cently an accident of a very serious na ture happened to Moses Driver, living^ at the Cordeaux River. Driver was, f^lfing a tree, when the trunk falling rath&r.un; expectedly threw him down andierasrely crushed his left leg, breaking the uojpe immediately above the ankle. Saturday's 4 Pilot' says:—Thousands of visitors have left Newcastle within the past few days for Sydney, attracted, no . doubt, by the cheap steamer fares. On Thursday, besides the regular morning boat, running at ordinary fares, the Kem bla and the Coonanbarra (both charging excursion fares) left at twelve o'clock at night crowded with passengers. For some time previous to the time of departure, the wharf in the vicinity of where the two vessels lie presented a most stirring sight, and no small activity was shown on the part of the agents of the steamers (Mr. Cross for the Kembla, and Mr. Locli head for the Coonanbarra) in securing passengers. In addition to having her cabin brilliantly lit up, the Coonanbarra showed a well executed transparency, which was fixed on deck, and attracted many admirers.—A most distressing case of suicide occurred at the Glebe yesterday morning. About eight days ago, Mrs. Catherine Gill, wife of Wm. Gill, a miner employed at the A. A. Co.'s Colliery, at Hamilton, was confined; and since that time she had appeared to be very unwell, but no apprehensions were entertained that the unfortunate woman was suffering from mental aberration. Shortly before nine o'clock yesterday morniug, she asked her husband for some breakfast, which he brought her, together with an ordinary dinner knife and fork. Iti a few minutes from this time one of Mrs. Gill's children ! told her father that her mother was bleed- 1 ing ; Mr. Gill went at once into the bed- 1 room, and found that liis wife had cut her 1 throat, and in a few moments—before he 1 had time to obtain assistance—she expired. J The poor woman has left a family of six children, most of them of tender ages. The ' Tamworth News' of Friday says : —Mr. P. J. Coghlan reports having sold, j at Attunga station, on Monday last, by j order of Sydney Burdekin, Esq., 103 head of fat cattle. Amount realised, £759 15s. Bullocks ranged from £7 Is. to £7 17a. ; i average per head, £7 7a. 6d.—A Nundle cor. writes :—Yesterday, 20th, a fine young fellow lost his life, through his horse falling upon him. While cantering through the forest, he came in contact j with a sapling, and, although he pulled his horse's head round, he failed to get the horse out of the way of the tree, and I the animal tripped and fell, rolling over his rider. The poor young man was only about twenty years. At the enquiry, a verdict of "Accidental Death" was re turned. The young man was named Jas. Portsmouth. The 4 Narrabri Herald' says :—Walgett Jones and the Walgett Bench.—A late telegram informs us that the prohibition applied for by Mr. D. M. Jones, directed to the Walgett bench of magistrates, in the late conviction for supplying spirits to an aboriginal, has been granted unani mously, and the fine is repayable.—[Just as we expected.—Eds, 4 A.E.'] Some amusing notices occasionally ap pear in the 4 Gazette' having a retrospec tive tendency. The following, we think, is as good a one as has been published for some time:—Department of Lands. Syd ney, 23rd December, 1874. His Excel lency the Governor, with the advice of the Executive Council, has been pleased to appoint Mr. Alfred Sydney Day Junior Clerk in the Offiee of Occupation of Lands to have effect from the first July last.— Jas. S. Faknell.—[The small capitals are our own. If such an appointment had ' to be gazetted, why was the latter post poned from the 1st July to the 23rd Dec ? Or, if there was any necessity that it should be deferred so long, could it not have been omitted altogether from the 4 Gazette' without any special loss to the public in consequence 1—Eds. 4 A.E.'] Saturday's 4 Herald' says :—About 20 minutes past 5, yesterday afternoon, whilst a fine retriever dog was in the act of having a bathe, off Lady Macquarie's Chair, he was suddenly seized by a shark, which, it was conjectured, must have measured from 10 to 14 feet. At the time of the occurrence there were a con siderable number of people both on the land and in boats, and their attention was attracted by a yelp from the dog, which immediately afterwards disap peared, leaving the water near the spot very much discoloured with blood. At the time when the dog was taken he could not have been more than 12 yards from the rocks. Shortly before this inci dent took place a boat full of larrikins passed over the place referred to, and they commenced splashing each other with water and fighting in the boat. Perhaps this may serve as a caution to some of the young men who are in the habit of risking their lives whilst upon boating excursions. The 4 Goulburn Herald' states that on a recent morning Mrs. Murphy, an aged woman, wife of Mr. Denis Murphy, of Spring Valley, while removing a camp oven from the fire, ignited her dress, which was of light material, and she was speedily enveloped in dames. A little girl, Mrs. Murphy's grandchild, was in the house at the time, and she with great presence of mind threw a bucket of water over her grandmother, and extinguished the flames. The whole of the sufferer's clothes were ignited, and her hands and chest were severely burnt. A coarse apron which she threw over her head protected her face from the flames. The Neura cor. of the 4 Wellington Gazette' states that on a recent Saturday the stables occupied by Cobb and Co. were totally destroyed by fire. At the enquiry the facts stated that the fire was purely accidental. The man in charge, it appeared, as usual, took every precaution before going to bed at night, and no stranger had access to the stable during the day. The only thing unusual was the bringing of a load of straw into the stable the day previous. The loss is esti mated at £40; but the horses, corn, chaff, and all portable property were re moved by Cowly, assisted by the neigh bours, and thus saved from burning. Telegram from Brisbane, in Saturday's 4 Evening Post—A shoemaker, named Brown, hanged himself yesterday.—It is believed here that the escaped Commu nists were brought over in a sailing vessel, and that the story about steering from New Caledonia in an open boat is a fabri cation to screen the captain. The same paper says:—At a public meeting held at Windsor, on Thursday night, the Mayor (Mr. M'Quade) in the chair, steps were initiated for relieving the sufferers by the late disastrous fire. In opening the meeting the Mayor said that Mr. Driver had made arrangements for holding a public meeting in Sydney on Thursday next for a similar purpose, and that his Excellency the Governor had consented to preside. A Committee was appointed, and a list being opened sub scriptions were put down amounting to over £250. Also Whilst the Windsor fire was being extinguished on Thursday last,^ a telegram was received in Sydney, saying that a large fire had just broken out at Parramatta, and that the town was in danger. The rumour proved to be too true, although the anticipated destruction of the town was arrested by the prompt action of the fire-brigade. The large store of Mr. Gregg, in Church- street, in which the fire originated, was burned to the ground. Almost simultaneously a bush tire broke out near Mr. Lackey's house, which was for some time in danger, and only saved by the strenuous exertions of the fire- brigade. Almost immediately afterwards a fire broke out at the other end of the town, and two small buildings were destroyed before the engine could be got to bear upon them. The firemen behaved splendidly and the engine worked well. Mr. Gregg's store was insured in the Mutual for £11,000.—A man named Richard, one of the crew of the barque Camellia, fell from the forcastle into the water yesterday and was drowned. The body, which never rose after the fall, was brought from the bottom by a South Sea Islander and taken to the dead house at 1 the Circular Quay. It is said that the unfortunate deceased was drunk at the 1 time of the accident. A Jondaryan cor. of the ' Toowoomba [ Chronicle' writes :—A disgraceful affair took place here last week and exemplifies the low moral regard some men have I for the sanctity of the marriage vow. A ] fellow who calls himself a mau, sold his wife to whom he was legally married, to another man for the sum of seven pounds, The woman is living with her purchaser, and intends to bring her two children from Brisbane up here. I think this is the first case of the kind that has taken place in Queensland. May it be the last. The * D. D. Gazette' says :—We landed a few days ago from the Storm Kiug a new printing machine. The freight from Ips wich by rail exceeded considerably the charge for conveyance from London to Brisbane, insurance, and other charges. The ' Warwick Examiner' says :—In reference to the girl rescued from the blacks by Mrs. Downing, and accepted by her for some time as her long-lost daughter, the following letter has been received, which entirely sets at rest any doubts as to the girl's parentage, and is full confirmation of Mrs. Downing's sus picion that she had been imposed upon :— "Namoi River, Nov. 25th, 1874.—Mrs. M. Downing, near Warwick, Qd. My dear madam—Yours of 28th ult. arrived during my absence, or it should have been before attended to. I note your re marks therein, and have read the pamph lets enclosed—for which my best thanks. By comparison of dates therein, and those in my former letter to you, the matter as to identity must be set at rest, I imagine. And I further find, on enquiry, that th^re are now living at Gorillie several of the blacks who were actually present and wit nesses of the birth of the young woman lately taken by your son from this neigh bourhood. I cannot see that the fact of the young woman being removed by your son attaches any responsibility to your self. And no blame can rest on you for refusing to recognise her as your lost child.—I am, yours obediently, J. Mose ley." The Melbourne 4 Argus' relates that a young man, named James Ballantyne, committed suicide on the previous day in Carroll's Royal Mail Hotel, corner of Bourke and Swanston streets. He had been stopping there nearly three weeks under the name of Chirnside, representing himself as the nephew of the squatter of that name. Mr. Carroll advanced him several sums, amounting to £41, and he gave a cheque for £45, which proved valueless. He was told this on Friday, and said it would be all right. He left the hotel for a day or two, but Mr. Car roll met him, and spoke to him. He said the cheque would be all right, and Mr. Carroll told him there was no need for him to go away if that was the case. At a little after midnight on Sunday he went up to bed at Carroll's. Yesterday morn ing, at about 9 o'clock, the waiter was sent to his room to ask if he would have breakfast, and returned reporting that Ballantyne—or, as he was known at the hotel, Chirnside—was in a fit. Mr. Car roll and a gentleman went up and found him dying. They sent for Mr, Jenkins, who found that the man was dead. A bottle of strychnine was discovered under his pillow, and the symptoms were those of poisoning by strychnine. An inquest | will be held. The deceased last Saturday j went to the shop of James Ellis, corner of Elizabeth and Collins streets, and ob tained a suit of clothes and lis. change, in return for a cheque of £5, signed " R. Chirnside." He said his name was H. Chirnside ; and he represented himself as a nephew of Mr. Chirnside of Sunbury. He said the clothes were to be sent to the Royal Hotel, at St. Ellda ; and they were sent there, but, as he was not known, the things were brought back. A warrant was issued against him for obtaining goods by false pretences. The deceased was iden tified by his mother and sister, living in St. Kilda, as James Ballantyne. A Geelong paper says:—A most re markable burglary took place on Sunday evening. Between 5 and 6 o'clock, tlxe storeman at C. J. Dennys and Co.'s wool store, on visiting the premises, was some what astonished and alarmed to find that the store and counting-house had been broken into, and a number of drawers ransacked. The ink-bottles had been up set and the ink distributed profusely around the room over books and furni ture. Yarious office requisites were missing, such as paper knives, pens, and mathematical instruments, together with 9d. in coppers which had. been left on a desk. The store beneath had evidently been well overhauled, and the place had all the appearance of having had a visit from an experienced party of burglars. Detective Mackey was at once commu nicated with, and he went to work with a will to unearth the thieves. On in specting the place, he ascertained that the underground store had been entered through a grating, and from thence the intruders had made their way up a ladder to the npper warehouse and counting house. After pursuing his enquiries till an advanced hour in the evening, in the expectation of making an exceedingly cle ver capture of some daring gaol bird, to ; his unspeakable disgust, he succeeded at last in tracing the offence to a couple of children, named Hutton and Blakeney. Some of the articles missed were reco vered from the little fellows, who were aged four and seven years respectively. On account of their age, and being the children of respectable parents, they were not taken to the watch- house, but doubt less their exploit will be properly rewarded by a domestic tribunal. 