ITEMS OF N£WS. We regret having to announce the death of Mr Joseph Wheeler, proprietor of the Repre sentative, at his residence in Bull-street, oh Wednesday night. For several months he has been in a very .delicate . state of health, and though lie took a trip to Lavmceston and Now Zealand in tlie hope that a change of air might do him good, yet it seemed to haye little restor ing influence upon him. Gradually he bocarrio weaker daily, till he found himself, about three weeks ago, unable to leave his - bedroom, out of which lie was not destined to dame aliyo: He whs Comparatively a yoiirig mari , being only; a little ovei; 40 years, arid liis death will be larnerited by ' a widew arid' two Children,' besides a'Rrge number of friends. The fnneiril, which took place yesterday, was strictly- private'. .... ...... ...... i. : is .- d ihd whpie bf Ikb mlril- beifl of tlje Castleiiiaifae Fife Brigade have of ate about to tender their resighiitions. About 9 o'clock last evening an alarm was raised that a fire had broken out at Golden Foiii.t, Oliewton ; the fire-bell was rang, and- riuihbei'4 congregated ill Mafket-sqiiiire to leatn the . particulars. It was, ; however; discovered that it was merely a bush fire in tlie direction of Faraday ; there was, therefore, no occasion for the brigade to turn out. The services at St. Mary's (R.C.) Ohurcli on Sunday morning next will be rendered more than- usually attractive, by the fact that tlie members of the Southern Cross Operetta Com pany take the leading; part hi the choir. It, appears that it has long been the custom of the ladies of this company to assist at the musical services of the churches iri every township where1 they may be stopping over the Sunday; and most certainly they deserve'credit for so doing.! They give their first entertainment on Saturday evening at tlie Theatre Royal, and judging by, the favourable notices -'which have appeared of their performance elsewhere, it is very evident a treat of no ordinary kind is in' store for the musical people of Gastlcmaine. Ill the fire at _ the Chinese Camp, Campbell's Creek) on Yedriesday morning, the whole of the property of a storekeeper named Tom Cliom was consumed ihT the lldriies. : It consisted 'of tlie building,- stock-in- trade, furniture, arid clothing,! Valued in :all at LG50. Wo are inforiried tliat this Tom Ohbiri was a prudent; exemplary iriari, married to a decent European woman, wllo. took a-prido in adding the acbuinulatiohe of liis in dustry to the stock in his store, liis building and His furiiitlire. All bills "conservative effort has.: however, been utterly dissipated bjT an hour , of , fire, and he stands out in the world, with wife and family, stripped of all liis possessions, arid- with scarcely any hope of recovering what is gone, for opportunity of accumulation among Chinamen is restricted to very narrow compass.; To give him some relief and encouragement a' tubscriptiori is being raised on Iris behalf, rind' toe promoters of it speak of it as a;: highly! meritorious one. : ' ! " . A number of light sovereigns rire .now . in! circulation; they. being offered: very freely.in Collingwood, and some of them have:; been -re-1 fused by the banks. ; They have a peculiar hazy! appearance as though they had been submitted: to the action of . iriet-culy. The ' Mint aaaayefs consider thein guinea coins' Sweated, by Sohie; prociSs. They are all under legal' tender weight. ' ' ' " ' ' " " ' ; . The Kilmore toiTespohderit of ; tlife Age! ivrites :-r-Bush fires are' raging all round Kri-i . more," and several farmers have been . burnt but. I One; named John Cronin, litis been burnt oiit; of; house1 and home, and left penniless, with a; wife and six children. The fire crossed over, to1 tlie Lancefield "road, burning out Messrs Brookri, , Welch and Joiner. " To-day Mr Goodman's! place was also burnt out. Word has just been brought iri of another farhiei, THoinari Kbliy, having, lost everytlimg. The fires are fast, ap- 1 preaching the. town on all sides. The grand; stand on - .the racecourse was saved with diffi-, .cnity. The police .arid all tlie spare nieri that! ; could be got are sent up to try and prevent the: entry of the fire into the police paddocks arid hospital grounds. \-- The Colac. Herald states that ri swrig-man, . wno'was totally unknown, arrived at Mr Joiin j Calvert's station, Irrewarra, on Monday even-! ;ing about: dusk, arid asked for a night's, lodg-- togs. His , request was granted, and having1 partaken of some tea he went to bed in the men's: hut. About the middle of the night lie jumped out of bed, crying out, " Here they are after 'mei Fih off, "And rushed away out' of the! hut! tohis shirt. " The other men immediately went! to search of him, and guided by the light of. the. moon, which plainly showed some white objSct to the lake, some 200 yards distant from the house, tliey proceeded towards it, and found the urifortunate mrin with his face downwards- to the writer, qriito dririd. The body was taken out," arid reiribved to a suitable place to await, in inquest, "which was held yesterday afterriobn at six , o'clock. At the inquest held,: the jury, without retiring, ;retiirned a verdict that the1 deceased had died front suffocation by drowri- tog while to a state ..of . temporary tosanity. . . At abont half- past 11 o'clock on Wednesday; moniirig, toys, the Argus, a fire broke out to a! fou'riroomed wooderi house, in ; Roden-Strebt, West Melbourne, occupied by Mr James Hairr, and owned by Mrs Malony. . -The, flames spread rapidly, and caught another wooden : house oc-1 eupied by Mrs Arner.;,-' The Hotham brigade; promptly attended, but as the Yan: Yean ; plugs' to -tlie centre of the street were—covered- up) some-time was lost to putting- tlie- -hydranta down. -Mr Oats, a turncock stationed to the locality, was in attendance, and- sricceeded iri concentrating the supply of water where it was1 most required. The metropolitan brigade soon arrived, and the hose reels from the Carlton Brewery and the Benevolent Asylum1 were shortly afterwards brought to the spot. Not! withstanding the efforts of the brigades, the, coriflagaration was so fierce that it spread to ri third house, occupied by James ; Grahairi, and and all three buildings were destroyed; j Very little was saved by. the. tenants. Tho building belonging to Mrs Moloney, in which thfe fire1 originated, was insured; for- L15d iri thd National Company, which about coverld thd loss. The other, two buildings; were riot insured.' There might have been loss- of -life to recotd liad Mm Oarr acted upon her first impulse when shd ' was 'leaving her house") "ab"Otlt"15 minutes" Before the fire' Froke! oiit'.1 '' HeFiivo children were iri the house/ and- when she was leaving the placd she at- nrSUintended to lock thdin to; butithirik: tog that something : lhight occur she left the place open. It was supposed tliat the children played with tlie fire and! thus caused tHb con flagration. Last year," a woman locked her child up'in lier horiso at Richmond; a fire' broke out, arid the'child was burnt to ddath. . Thid shows tlie folly of lobktog young cliildrbn uji in a house by tlidhidelves. . 1 The Bendigo Advertiser writes On Wed-; nesday the' heat of the sun, auginented by the1 sriioke from toriuirierable bush fires, was by far and riivay the most oppressive that Has. been ex perienced this season, if riot for many past Sea sons; arid rit the present tiriie of writing .there appears to be very little prospect of a change for.the better. Tlie' thermometer registered; maximum, 105 ; minimum, 75. The close proximity of extensive bush-fires is causing nd little anxiety to the city. There are no fewer than seven.: largo busli. .fires to bo observed around Sandhurst, all nearly . joining; and almost enclosing tlie district iri a terribly cirole of - flame. From a' traveller who had come iri from Marorig, wri learri that a very largd and very serious bush fire was raging out there j lie states that Morrow's farrii,' at ; Burnt Creek) and Denseley's farm were both surrounded by raging fire, and that it seemed utterly hopeless tqsavetheni. At tlie Harvest Homo the fire had advanced to within 100 yards, and all hopes of saving the place liad been givon np. The fire was travelling at the rate of five miles an hour in the direction of Fletcher's Creek, and iri its track many farms and homesteads lie, which; to all appearances, must' succumb before the raging element. Our informant states that lib had to keep liis horse on tlie gallop for an hour at a time to clear the fire. No reliable inforriia- tion could be gleaned from the people out there; the exciteriient being so great. From another source we learn that a fierce bush fire is raging at a place called Burnt Flat, near Marong. At an early hour on Wednesday morning it was spreading rapidly, and a wood-carter was obliged to travel several miles out of his way to escape it, returning by the way he came beiiig impos sible. . As there are a number of small farms iri that direction it is to be feared tljat much damrigo will be done; a great deal of fencing is .already consumed ; and the residents about there are iri fear ana trembling for the result, - . The volunteer encampifilnt iviiicii &as; klrejeif fore been held during Eolith Wetik .willf tvCciS lievo not takee place this year, the inclemency of the weather at tliat season having repeatedly militated against' its success. The volunteer force will, it is expected, .be .called ro.ut, for va grdnd'fiold day .on Easter Monday, Aifi- .hhicli the different arms of the . service will be called into reqiiisitidn. Pursuant to anriouriceraent) a1 board, com posed of Messrs Abbott, Trumble;" Stewart, AYoodward, arid Udhn, members' of the Hospital Committee, sit. in tlid MayoFs1. room, .says tlie Independent, 'to hear charges which iriiglit be brought against the Resident: Surgeon, and against tlie general management of . the institu tion.. Siich a course was, apparehtly.renderod necessary by the publication of .' certain viva voce statements made to. a .contemporary,, and although many of them were, . easily "enough refuted; sufficient remained behihd to< justify, a public opportunity being given- to any porson having complaints, to. make to them. - w 1 There is a strong determination on tlie part of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, says the. Star, not to be second at any fire to this district, .arid; they have now secured a. " break,!' a vehicle similar to structure to a gig. This " break " is drawn by one horse,' and lias seat accommodation for four perrons, two in front and two behind. Tlio llose-carriage can be affixed to. tlie " break " byj means of: a swivel fastener to a couple of seconds; and tlie' whole looks like an uncovered waggon- j ette, about the . weight when loaded of an ordinary; cab. / -A trial of the " break," which; was made by Mr ; S. : Trend, coaohbuilder, Dawson-streot, took place on Tuesday ;evemng, and the', firemen: expressed great satisfaction ati the way iri which it performed the workifor) wliich it is required. A stable has been erectedj to. the right1 of1 the station-house to'Barkly-: street, and the firemen intend to liave the horsei Standing to the shafts of the ' ' break " all niglit, j so that everything will be ready at tlie. first toll' of the fife-bell. The, total cost of the "break."! is L26, and tlie horse L20. , X The.rertioval. of ;tho Immigrants' Home from; its present position has been rendered necessary, j Bays the Argus, by tho erection of the new Go-j vernment- house in the Domain- reserve.; Soriie; moriths ago riotice was given to the committee of the Tnstitutiori that the removal would have to be made, but'owihg to the difficulty of find-i tog another, suitable site, no -decisive steps has: .been taken, rip to, : the present. The -.work of! laying-out the Goyefninent-Hpuse grounds has, however, now been so far proceeded with tliat; the: immediate removal : of the . building is ne- -cessary, arid, the. Public .Works department has! communicated with tlio Chief Secretary's office, urging that tlie requisite steps should 'be.taken Without delay; l: Great difficulty- is experienced! to .dealing with tlie matter, as the new site; must be near to the town, and there are few, ; if itoy, such sites' available. There appear to j be- two -olasse3-of. inmates-to:.the institutio'ri, j yiz., the casuals and the permanent inmates. : The iatter .class ; are proper patients for tlie i benevolent asylums, and rilight be disposed of: in that way, but some provision will have to be! made for the continuance of an institution which provided:- casual relief for.the destitute, arid; which fills the place of a poor-house. " A correspondent at Dunolly, writes the Ad vertiser Since Dunolly existed it has suf fered many temporary depressions of business, 1 but it1 certainly never was so near to death's! door as at the present moment, and there is no disguising the fact that the railway extension to tlie town is the cause. Our experience has al ready taughtusthat. railway .cqmiriuhicationi with Melbourne is a great cbnyeriiencejto a few: storekeepers (I apologise— merchants !); whose: principal business lays beyond Dunolly. Those ; who fought so hard for the railway, thinking! that it; would enhance the value of their pro-, perty, have already found -their mistake, for I; do not hesitate to say that property in Dunolly has decreased in "value since the opening of the line fully 20 per cent. People try to console each other by saying. . ' Oh ; it's always dull after the holidays,' But .tnere is a great dif ference between being ' drill ' arid ari almost total suspension, of business. Our streets re-' mind us froiri morning till night of Goldsriuth's Deserted ; Tillage.. : Even the episcopalian parson has L cleared, out; lock, stock and barrel, because lie.could not keep his flock to the, fold. Although there. Haye been several hot clays this season, Wednesday, says ' the Age, as the eulmtoattog point of heat . so far, at least, was the only, day.on which any case of sunstroke oc curred ; np,;fewer than three persons- being struck down , from , this cause, one case of coup de soleil unfortunately:provtog fatal. Tlie first case was' that . of! Messrs Kate Kenny,- aged thirty, residing in Queen-street, who ivas walk ing through' one of the streets, when her Hat was blown off, and before she could recover it she fell down, when running, to a faint. Daniel M'Mahori) aged forty years, residing at Sand- ridge, was working at the dry dock oh tlie So'utll Yarra bank, when' he suddenly fell insensible, onrl if. TOfl'o ' nriinMir nar/iriirinfl +Ti#»f li n fered sunstroke. Both were conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital in the afternoon, and .shortly before eight o'clock anotlior case of sup posed suristroko was admitted, being that of a laborer from: Cobnrg, name unknown, who was insensible - when brought into the institution. Although the usual remedies wore at once ap plied, the man never recovered his senses, and died shortly after his admission. M'Malion and Mrs Kenny were yesterday evening pro-- gressing /favourably. From.Williamstown twei cases of -sunstroke are reported. . The first to that of !a" man employed as boatman in the ser vice of the Pilot Companies, named Willis, who became insensible and was taken home, but got better towards evontog. The second case was that of John Pa'tterson, an eniploye of thd. Dredging department, who, after his removal td his residence, was attended by Mr Maclean) surgeon. Ho was suffering severely up to a late hour.?-,"; " - : y- x ! The. Argus lyrites A groat deal of interesi is always taken iri .the statistics annually -piib-j fished by. the Argus with the view of showing what has been the yield of gold, for . the year under consideration. This year more than usual attention has been paid to .these returns to'con- sequerico of the prior- publication - ' of- an 'ftrronei oris statement, to tlie effect that tlie yield for 1874 was somdtliing like 19,000 ounces to exiesi of tluit for 1873.. . Of course everj- orie ! at, all acquaihted witli tlie' depressed condition of tliri mining industry ' during' the last twelve montju knew that there was a-- mistake soiiiewhere, arid that the figures which , led to sucli a coiiclitoiori must riefcessaVily be irioorrebt. ' Within' the' last few da3's an explanation hai, been offered of thi mannqr in wliicli tlio error pcCiifredF ' It will b4 remembered that we called attention to the fiict ithat tlie whole of the gold exported by the Nubii on the 2nd of 'January, 1874— 103, 441oz-:;;was the yield of 1873, and we accordingly ' credited it to that year, although it. did not appear in.tliri export returns as first furnished by tlie Customs; The erroneous .statement referred to took no notico of this trifling fact, and had the Custom returns for .1873 been unaltered, the yield as given1 for ,1874 would have, been incorrect to tlto extent of 206,882oz, or double the quantity exj ported by the Nubia, because 103, 441oz would : have been taken from the yield for 1873 and added to that for 1874. The Oustonis return for 1873 have, however, been amended to the extent of 47, 109oz, and therefore, ignoring thi fact that the exports of the Nubia belonged to 1873; makes the statement referred to only hi round ; numbers about 10O,OOOoz out; becausi 1873 should. have been credited with 103, 441oz more, Rnd 1874 with 56,422oz less than was done. It is gravely mDintairied that this littld niattor of L600,000 worth of. gold makes but little difference ; but those who care to' be aci curate can rely on the figures pufilisTiecl by ui oh Saturday lost. The yield' of gold) fcir..l874 was t,102,614oz, or 146,793oz less than that for 1873\. " " " p-.-, p 1 , L k. |eiliri Of rigfet ivlil bo widely folt (writes tMFleisAntCreok-NewS) on learning that the yiold from the cornfiel'dS-of the Wimmera is the .very reverse of satisfactory. _ The blasting hot wtodstlmtprevailedso.-earlyin.Ootober;seemFo have exorcised a most disasterous influence upon, the crops of grain. True it to tliat in a few exceptional instances, where the seed was placed eariy iri the ground; a payable result has followed ; but to tlio main, tlie report to exceed ingly unfavourable. Tlio thrashing machines now at work in parts of the Wimmera can only give to the liusbandriian at the outside sixteen: bushels of wheat to the acre; and" in a majority ; of cases, the toilers on the land. Kayo to rest, j satisfied with, about lialf that return/': - j A frightflii'.aocidbnt ' hiipperied at Inglewood| on Wednesday) Mrs Ellis, wife of Mr David. Ellis, sheep dealer and farther; of BulabuF Creek, being burned to doath in a bush fire. The unfortunate woman waS with;.spme otner woman in a paddock) when tlie fire came run- i ning through .tile grass) Itoeatenihg! one -of the stacks. IThey all went forward tojbeal Ihp fire back, arid while So doing tlie flames criught Mrs Ellis's clothes- and itnmediately enveloped her. The injuries she. sustained were so serious that; she lived only two hours, beiug beyond all human aid from the first. Her husband and all; the men were working to jmttirigiout' the firb'in i another paddock at JhOime) but Ko was" with: her.when.she.died.,. Bush, fires pre burntog alli -round, rendering roads ihipassablo. . This mom- tog the firecbell so.urided, . calling for vpiuriteer : to go out and assist in saving the f arms,. and se-. veral loads ; of 1 men were taken1 .to;, different priints. Fires have approached to within half1 a. rilile fof.1 Wcddferburn; destroying ia' hvrgb. dmburit of' property.'. . The1 liist two' days thfe thermometer hai . stood at 100 in the Shade. ! !Tlie greatest coristernation and exciteriient pre vails iri tins town as news arrivbs of the huriier- ous disasters. ( Smoke froiri fires rises all round, in dense Jjlaclc volumes.. The Ktogower ranges ; arfe.: aiiori fire) and the Loddoii farm's are in )ex- treme danger from a .fire, that lias run. through nearly twenty miles of country. : A Sferisatiorial incident occurred, on1 Monday 1 evening, says 'the, Riverine ' Herald,- which caused 'soriie little commotion . arid excitement, in the neighbourhood of the south portion of the town.;.. An alar m was raisfed that " another : woman had drowned herself iri the' CarripaSpe) " : -near Mr Pnlmer's mill ; tlie result of- enquiry, however, did not furnish tlio particulars of "a determined suicide," either from disappointed love, or any other predisposing cause of self- destruction amongst the softer portion of crea tion. It appeared that a woman named Mrs O'Callaghan, who has been a particular annoy ance to her neighbourhood, and " generally troublesome to the constabulary, in co'risequ'erice of lier eccentricities, was on tlib eVeriin'g in question being sought after . one of the mem bers of thie force. , Mte O'Callaghan ' however had no. desireTortKe) lbck-iipV arid eluding the search of .the constable she escaped by.'tlie back door of lier. house, ran down to tlie Cairipaspe, arid plunged iri. She was qiiickly brought; to land, and then commenced tlie difficulty of the constable's-situation. The lady was not to be coaxed, nor forced) nor led to the lock-up. The constable called on the bystanders "in the Queen's name to assist," but Mrs O'Callaghan maternally: called : on : her daughter — an able- bodied yonng lady— to assist lier, and one loyal Subject who rushed to the rescue of the con stable was met by Miss O'Callaghan, and the result was that his apparel was rent— including his linen — liis face was lacerated, and lie was bfeaten off the field by the young Amazon. At length a truce was called, and by the persiiasibri pf the coristable," Mrs O'Callaghan allowed . hfeF self to be conveyed to the watch-house, in a carriage provided for the occasion. 