A Bepoet jast fttmished by Alr IvjEE':tb the1 MmiBberof ' Agricoltore : djows, that onr State, forests are in anything- bht a hopeful or progressive comhtiDn.- -Indeed from tins Tlocnnieht, which we publish at iength else where, it' vUl be.. seenr that we are on the high-readoinxth j-jhfio-calidr timber reserve?., ... Natare" -|mt8 forth" Its strength to make, good -.the. rapacity and greed of man ; bnt man cats down the yonng growths witii aB nuch' rapidity mid ; recklessness -as .though the denudation, of the country of timber- was the swiftest !ahd;- surest road to nationa prosperity, and what man does pot.wpste or destroy, bash-fires assail ' aha ainfihilata. Saplings appear to freely- crop np to fJaee.-the -gld timber rcut down, bnt they ruthlessly disappear be- fore the asemea, or the incendiaiy, -or they fall victims to ordinary' midsummer confla grations, The 'only chance the' new' timber enjoys is to shoot np where mining has de clined, and the population has disappeared. In all o.ther cases, or where these signs of - decadence have not manifested them selves, nothing save treeless plains, are to he seen, where thick forests formerly grew and flourished. Mr Ivet mentions the fact that close around centres of popula tion no. stick 3 inches in diameter exists' and yet he says when a distance from a city or township -is reached, the size o£_the. saplings, or suckers increases, and the for mer bemme more numerous than the latter. There . ..is. ..nothing,, -. however, agste ; before the" demand of public require ments. But with a sound system "of.' forest management a very different state 'of things would have to be noted. Then tie: Government official would have tp report that for every tree or sapling cut, -down another was growing np, and that as the young growths were being -conserved there would soon bejijenty of timber, even in the vicinity "of " large pbpiilatiohsf " 6v"ta£d=itKe" place of that which had been removed! A stfll more unfortunate statement ma'dh by Mr Ivez, te -the effecdf that the'recent bush- fires have denuded thousands of acres of their saplings, notably, m the young forest west; of Smythesdale, and that the. natural suc- cession of -seedlings having been thns de stroyed the next crop will .have to be sown or planted. Only suckers appear , in these "Cases," unless artificial methods are , resorted : to to fili;.up. the gap, and. these growths are. useless as a means of timber supply, /. This portion of Mr I\ ijY'fi report therefore dis closes a condition of affairs, with regard to our $tale forests;cwinch can:3mlyetbe;de=: scribed as,deplorable,aDd which should serve as a strong stimulus to renewed exertions? 1 being made to meet so important a matter" ! before it. becomes too late for the purpose. Mr I vet next deals with h«n. culty is t6 be "met, and he points oiit /"that the tneaoe-<ff e8toratiou tie -mainly -Witii the- Govermhentr His urges that money Will be ruirridolfewcsijofjree- plantmg, and . to, .economise " what 'jnatns of the Sid growths, and that therefore "the local bodies are not in a position to under take the work. In most cases the forests placed under local -control will yield little or nb revenue for a length of time,' and therefore teir controllers, will r be destitute of . means to carry out the work desiderated, and ab solutely necessary, havmg regard to "the: safety and:I-heing"of:'future pjjiifiafeons. He. is also (fonbtful whether;thMe bodies if: subsidised by the Goverament: . would beH cpmpetent to do the warkirequired. They -are only dected for a shortperiod ; they- nieed not know "anything of forestiy to be 'returned as members of the ordinary: local bpdies",' :"frbm: winch State" forest boards imder such an ' arrangembnt are .re- .Cfuited, ®nd tbeir short duration of -omce_ tmlitates agarnst . a .sufficiency if experience-; being acqmred, ..tbe;reguisjte, ; ataonnt of interest beingiahen in tiie workr ?n'y ;<ase;':,saiis Mr Ivet, dbre % appear- to.liimJth IocaI b6ard8 sbobld have the managembnt ><jf forests, and - that is' .where they are ; subsidised ' by the local bodies to efficjontiy riiHohargy their saen- " ific and practical oWigatione. ; He there fore suggests, that "the', iotal tioarils should be at once asked if tbe io bodiieis to whieh , beir members belong are prepared to epeod some of tbieSr own re venue on the/ weak, if forest consecration abd improvement, aod if not, that tie whole w<jrfe should be undertaken by the Gbverrimeht:'andjthe boards be' con verted into boards of ad viae. On the other handj, if, they are willing to supply the mrehs, or a portion of the foeanh, theW tiiair constitution should be altered. Three of (he most useful locl men 'should . be appointed forthree yem anfl .A9'lible':for,!i8ap- pdihtmeift'attheendof thatterm,and-the- remaining-mem'bars.'of ihe dboardg-Bhould continue ,te be pijinted as at present. Mr ivET r M- menticms that what ever"' shonld determine to make o'r. fbllpw, phould b®3oiAed ist once, br'befofe the next plant ing season ,eete iti,'as . the wort required to be done is as urgent as It is vital .and indis-- penBable-'.The wigdom" -thi.'tecommen- dation "B" ohvlousi" trbebJ bf,;'the country are rapidly disappearing from a Variety of causes, and therefore nnless efforts are promptly put forward to replace 5 - thfip, we shall semi bjb'as destitute of timber 1 :as the deserts iof -Arabia, and as defitient of rainfall as the' pllibs of Egypt. V-.: Weharis no' hesitation in stating that with hnostof'Mrra previews and recommenda- tionsrecdrduhigree. A mass of documents baverecently come into our possession, which . serreJftow.timtJcalJprenageaftnt, is a imsfake,"and that'tbe only chance there is of the work of forestry being aarriad oqt". , J$». fess? v«8ted in, or taken in hand by, the Goveramenb Ttns is the experience" of alPthbtatefe Of /Europe which have bestowed" any attention" lipoii" the subject, and it would be therefore ab- . "Surd for us to stand out against it. At the same time the subject requires to be dealt with in a much more comprehensive manner than our Government has yet evinced in its behalf, and it is merely because the Agri cultural Department has tiddly-winked, .so.to speak, with it, instead of going about the work in a businesslike and systematic method, that any clamour has been raised in the country districts for local manage ment. A really national policy is needed upon this very important subject, and it will be a disgrace to the Government, with the advice of its officers,, and the experience of . the old world, before it, if it does not take the earliest opportunity to deal with it after this practical and sensible fashion. We do not, however, agree with Mr I VET that the present local boards should h& (Changed into boards of advice ; for the) .experience, acquired . rin - -this direc— tioit, both under the Scab Act and the" Education Act, goes a long way to .show the inutility aud mistake which would be involved in the proposed arrangement. The better plan would .be. for a large Central Board appointed by, and directly uuder the supervision of, the Government, to meet in Melbourne, and. for each— district concerned -fo. have the power of sending a representa- jtiye, appointed by its local bodies, to take part in its deliberations". The money required should.be found by the Governmentmd the ' rest of the wbrkshoold be done by competent officers in its" -employ,-, who would be .re sponsible to it lor their efficient administra tion. If this businesslike .plan were adopted, there would be some hope of the present hybrid and do-nothing state of affairs soon" coming to an end, and of the country in the "cohree of a few years being again stocked witfrtreesj to the great benefit of 'future' generations, and to the credit of the one which has done so much to denude it of its tiufoer "resources. zr,, BJB. O'Connob has been speaking to the "members of "his church' at"- Warrnambool, and in . the coprse. of. his . address .he has impressed upon them the desir- _abilily of constitutionally . . uniting to over- -tbrow the system of education which at present prevails in this country. No person, has .a ...right to complain.- of any- thipg that is' cogent or reasonable being urged by.Gatholic clergymen againsta secular, system of instruction. The principles of their church insnire a belief that relinion should be .taught in the schools; and being strong adherents to this conviction, they are perfectly justified, where religious equality prevails, in using every fair and constitutional means to secure the recogni tion of . their views. But the sympathisers with the present secular system of educa tion now in force here, have just the same right to insist upon that system not being -misrepresented, so that it shall not be brought into disrepute, even amongst one religions sect, without the least warrant or; justification. But we regret very much to observe that whenever a Catholic JlUUC ui pnwov l- __1c Ehis subject, he falls into tins unamiable -error, and Dr O'Connor, when addressing that portion of his flock which reside at Warrnambeol,-iias ehc wn"htmself to be no wiser nor more liberal in this respect than the rest of his clerical brethren. "Over the " doors of these schools," meaning the State schools " whichlhe Stateinvitesthe children " Of all denominations to enter, might truly jbe written, as descriptive of the system "there advertised, thesejsyords — 'Let not " . the nameof GOD, of JESUS CHBIST,or of " His religion, be mentioned here.' " And again, " Ifapasserrby knocked at the door of f" jthe Sfote school "whilst in operation, and " (enquired— In this school is Jesus Christ " ikuown and recognised ? the answer would " -be— No ; we know Him not ; we dare not " utter His name, tor ask what He has done" "" for us, - within these walls. The system, "jthen, is Godless," and as such can -never be., .approved, by Catholics." These are the words of Dr O'Oonnob as nsed by -him " at'; Wmrn'ambool last; Sun day, ...apd thwe is T no denyipg the fact, that to Christians of all giades they convey a peculiarly burning .effect. But do thoy faithfully represent the condition of our State schools? We reply to this question in the negative. It. is quite true relieion is excluded from these schools during secular Instruction".; bu t in this -respect the present bystem differs very little from any of itf predecessors. No spelling -book, bo grammar, no" arithmetic, and no copy book, as a rule, nnder any system of instruction which has ever prevailed, con- bedLIigiqnsrefeinceSj or. wb instru mental in conveying religious instruction, of even as much as a hint about religion. Subtract, then, the tuition of the descrip tions mentioned above, which was given under the old system, and the residuum of religious instruction which then remained /might be written out in veiy large text jupon a very small sheet of writing, paper. The only distinction which can therefore be 'practically drawn between the present sys- .tem, andrihat whiiji.'it.-has sgperseffedq jis ; that this small amount of religions in- struetion is now omitted, and surely a vpry great stretch of- the imagina tion is required to declare this an ernnr- gntionof the names of the Almighty, and .of "Hie 'Saviour, from tour puMie echodls: -Liuckily, however, for . the safety, of the ;ppesent system against these incefeSant at- tackB, even1bi8 distinction .is more nominal -than., real. The doors of our State schools are open "for the admissipn of clergymen of ell denominations fru twenty hours out of the twenty-four. Consequently it jb their faplt if no religious iostruction is given iq these buildings. Once instruction in read ing, writing, and arithmetic is over, ministers of all grades and sects are at liberty to enter the schools, collect their flocks, and teach religion by the hour if they are that way disposed, and as long as this pri vilege or right is conceded by the State, we are at a loss to understand, how any reason able complaint can be made against the present educational system. Religious in struction was not mixed up with spelling, grammar, and arithmetic before, and it is not now ; and as a matter of fact, there fore, no difference exists between the old and the pew system v$hich, it is mot in the power uf any clergyman to overebme if 'he possess the necessary zeal and ability £or the purpose. Godless schools would meafrbuildingsin wbichno.religious inafcrgcj, tion were allowed"; hutasBTOixthfOTlthe' day can be utilised for teaching religion in these buildings, the cWcter given to them by Dr O'CONNOE bhd,bfsudl6Hcal brethren exists only in their own imaginations, and can scarcely exercise much influence upon the mind of any lnteliigent person to whom language of this, description is addressed. Of bourse, the object of tee present crusade is to restore the old.-denomibational ayBtem, but thB thimieSl of ...the populatioa'ln "tee country distracts, .ipular-prejudice, and a variety off ofber reasons,- 'bfferiS' insuperable barrier to the realisation .of tbis jdea. jf, jthen, instead of railiug against a system bYeducatiob, wbich"is: sprqbflipg all : over the g|bbe, il' clergy of the Romish Church would direct their efforts tbffie spirifoal iiist roetfos tfieif" Rttle flocks either before CtirT after t&-!State bas teughttbem ""tb"e"— secular branches the new system would be found to respect the prejudices of ail denominations far more than the old did, and all angu larities between-the -denominatioi8.-_wpuld- speedily disappear, together with the hostility which the present system has stirred -up in certain clerical circles. This would be far better," ; /certainly /far more deferential to tee State, and more provoca tive of peace and quietness between the sects, than to foment .denominational .dis cord, or indulge in diatribes against a system, which has everything rational to recommend it, and which, being based upon civilisation, is bound to prevail against all disparagement, and_ in spite of all misre presentation.' : " ' :. J ' ' " The notice relative to the proposed loan, to be negotiated by the City Council, trill be found pub lished this merging in our advertising columns, . The only nomination for the vacancy in the SebastopoT Borough Council "is that oF Slr J. H.' Ellsworth, who is therefore declared-elected.'. A letter has been received -by Mr William Clarke. M.DiA.,.from.the Post OfiSce authorities, stating that It is mcpected Misl 'Bobertiion wiil be competent to take charge «f the telegraph nffl« Gordon, in about a fortnightfrpm this date. A series of extraordinary freaks, and. which nan only, be accounted; for. on the ground of insanity, , cropped np at "the Buniflyong Police Court yester day, during the. .bearing -of a. charge preferred against a girl named "Eliza Manninjg.' about twelve or thirteen yean of age, for setting-Sre tb'grasp lands on the Green Hill. During the very hot weather on Wednesday, the 3rd instant, the paddock of Mr A. .M. Davis was found to be on fire. This" -was no sooner put out than the girl was seen attempting to extinguish a firevrhiih:had: just then broken out in another- part of the pad dock... iith considers,ble difficui ty this algo was got under, hut 'not Defore "it was discovered" that the cow-shed .was in % btake. -The whole neighbor hood by this time became_ aroused/when it was discovered that their services" were required to ex tinguish a fire in' the kit6bmi-a."detached Jbuildii ing near the residence of -Mr Davis, which, though situated .a considerable distance off from the last conflagration, 'had been ignited." Then followed the house itself, white was found to he on fire iu one of the rooms, containing a quan tity of materials nsed in the manufacturing of straw bonnets. Fortunately assistance being at hand. iittle more damage was done than the de struction of thelight materials arid blocks used ui- the work of bonnet- making. The icon'sternatidh' caused by such a " series of 'disasters ' inay be imagined, A number of the inhabitant® went in haste to'jhe-Buoiuywig.police, stating that armgd- mau was in the neighbpihoqd setting fire Xo every thing. After patiently hearing what/they Jhad to say; Constable O'Niiil'canie to the conclnsion that if must have beep ,thi?iri "who was. the culprit, . and who, 'being accused of it, admitted tiie fact,! without assigning ;»ny. motive for so doing. It is as well to mention ihat teejnother.of the girl is at , present in a Innatifc asylum;" arid'it is srinriised- that the dauiter is eimilariy afflicted. . The bench dismissed the case, on the understanding that she would proceed to Melbourne to Jbe taken care of by her father. The programme of the annual sports, to take place on Easter Monday at Creswick, will be found published in our advertising columns. There are three events in it— the -Creswick Easter Gift,-' -of £25 for the winner, £10 for the second, and £5 for the third ; the .Creswick Handicap Walking/Matte, of £8, £4, and £2 respectively ; and the Handicap Steeplechase, "of £5. £3,"' and £2. Nominations .must be sent to Mr-Hogg, .the secretary, not later than the 1st of next month, and acceptances not later than the 22nd. The handicaps are to' be published on the 12th. The Atatrajosfift Slz/cher has made great de- msnds.upo Ji it® .enari yere '.for this month's nubli- canon.- oix l.-jOcuo of the recent hoPwSrtW occupy the tittle pige. Three plates are succeeded by portraits of Sir Wm. Staweli and Mr Justice Barry, and then ensaa the following illustrations ; A hot wind day in the suburbs." copy of the picture " Fire and Flight " in the Victorian Aca demy " On the beach at Sorrento," « Mount Macedon on Fire," several vie wsbTscenes in Gee- long, portrait of the late Jiev. Andrew Robertson, <E Fomt Pier, Fort Jackson," and" six email views of the model farm "at Narre-warran Grange, Victoria. Mr Gooch is the local agent. : T the .Knights .of Malti Lodge, I.O.G.T., Soarsdale; held on the . 11 th instant, the following officers wete installed "into offioe by Br Freeman, L.D, as G.W.C.T., assisted by Br Peart asG.W.M,, viz.: — Br Alexander Clarke, PJSV.CT- B# J. Chapman, W.C.T. ; Sr 'M. Sntdiffe, V.GT s Br G. Bridge, W.S. ; Br :J. Newetead, W.F.S. ; Sr A. Mark, W.T. ; BrtT. Bridges, W.C.; Sr-M- Chapman, W M. ; Sr A Campbell, W.D.M.; Sr N. Bridges, W.I.G. ; Br De Marr, O S.G., Sr M. Brown, W A S. ; Sr J. Mart; K.H.S.; Sr A. Newstead, L.H.S. . ; We nnderetarid that arrarigenienU have been made by .the anlhorities of the Lydiard Street Wesleyan Sabbath School Toe a picnic to Mel bourne. The railway authorities have to convey iouv- hours, etartirig Siam. Ballarat early, ui. therribmiug, arid returning before"" the ordinary evening train. Tbepicnicteto-take -place on or abont the 23fd.ipstaut It is stated that the committee pay £100 to. the department for the trams down and back. ' - . r A boggy accident, occurred yesterday to Mr ! Josrh Kelsall, ! soniof 'Mr J. EeUail, .feUqiohgpr. Wbde driving along Lydiard street, one of the bolts which connect the shsfts with the hnffr «f the buggy broke, allowing tee shaft on one aide to drop down dn the horseVlegs, which frightened the animal end rensed the buggy to travel on two wheels. Opposite P atten's office, in Mair street a complete summersault was made, throwing yotmg Kelsall into the" roadf. ' lie fortune telv escaped wfh only a few tets on . the irm and ri good sliakmg. He held on to the raris, and the horse was secured witimuz-further "damage. .41 JZ, are already aware, a concert ih white 600 chil'lren will take paTtis to he givte shortly, under the eonductarahipdF Mr M.B Jbhns singing-master to the Orptorta Asylum. A rehear- eal took place last night in tiie large schoolroom of the Asylum; and .passed off very successfully. ".; „ The annual free grant'of the Ballarat Auxiliary BrMe Society pi jthe British ahd Foreign Bible Society sent' to'Xondonhy the last mail iunounted to £108 0s 10d, and of'thls ameririt £50 18s 9d was contribnted by the Sunday schools'of this district In several schools systematic "efforts cheerfully pnt forth by theteateers a.ud stedlars.were productive of very encouraging results. Thus the Lydiard Street Wesleaiv Schoote tcade' a class- by -dfiLAs i-ollection, and realised £10 Jfis 8d.; The Conrife- lional school at Napoleons, 'with a good deal of tact in the rigflt useriards, 'collected X4 Os 7d : and the Wesleyso school, at Magpie, by tee saine rqcans,, raised £4 ifls ,53. A large number ,pf steootito. ujtee'fptito M; and it is hoped that both the number of schools and the'amount of teeir contributions wtiL'increase year by year. : ; \- '"Alora " 'tnis omittcd to send us his real name aod address, '' iaafl; jntifi' tfili' omissum has heen recti we7atoi|ri('pBb5is'h his letter. ' ,',r :The committee of the" moonlight concertmetat the <3 Hafl ifrest lUgbt ; Vaptain Lcrritt in the chair, and present— Messrs Ciaxton, M'Dow'all, Williame, Steet; Scantlebttry,' Young, and Craig. The secretary reported teat he had received answers from the Ckesrria"Cliitto«,;?wid Maryborough fire brigades, mGng jthe "pukriberoif myn tehiiiig doWn by _raiL fhe. , tforie>aiy i|id pe ' wbald furiush the information to tiie CommBtiouerof Baflways- He thought abunfrl2Q firpineo; 'would gome by he up- country trains. Several letters were received from i be friendly edcicti es, "granting" "their -patmnage and support-- Jhe;-ae.aotory ,ws instructed tp offer a reward pf £? for sricKlnforduition as. wonld lead to the fonvjetion of any person destroy- in? any tesJinqw op foeViught-.rf'tiie Aoricert. It was resolved that the expensjes lor tiie ground should hot-exceed £80. : TW secretary was "in-" Btructed to appiyto the-Commissiooeriaf Bail ways/ to put on special -trains, for the convenience : of visitors from the country disericts> both 'hp and - ®»Wb .o.n teepft'oFtin rcoricert- The -meeting teen adjourned jSIl /Moitoiiy. evening at mgBt" o dote, when toe %erte f£r utfe sale of tickets are to bring dp a rclrt hi ;to the probable number of tetetruoM:7 .i-vriti iL-.tc ui ->£ » At the .Clones ,PpHceConrt on. Wednesday, . F. John GUUdme, .tee; nwh', who was fiSiughr tip last wtek.pbdrged with siting fe'tohis irisured hbuse/ <md remanded, was aip brought up, and dis- tearged lim, ppjice ma©atrato considering there was not sufficieat-.evidencp tp.iwazrant the -cMe being sent before a jury. — In a case Lear v Hill, some statements were made to the effect that the fbod supplied to patients at the dunes Hospital was not fit to eat, and Mr Dowling said the atten- aop of the pom mil tee should be drawn to the sub ject- In cpnsequence of tins two members of the house committee visited the institution on Thurs- day evening and interrogated the' patients. They found no complaints in tee females' ward, tat amongst the men there wiu a general expression d(Aiss>i,tisfotition atthe qtotihyof thejnissthpiigh ndt at the cooking." Theffea aIsoxw£& said to he poor and unpalatable. Instructions -were atppee issued to retorn any inferior meat, ana to take -riius to have tea -at a quafily up to costrast samples. . "Hie patients spoke highly of the doctor, '-and every tnntr -Appeared clean and as comfortable ... .... "TBfBurfihyongsbire Council- this morning, in vite tenders fromrpt -Rgrrrolt«Rl-«s4" <>tbef-tft64ti06lthiB-4be-8lure. Tenders are to be sent in by next Tuesday week. We learn that the Hibernian Band Committee have secured tiie consent of Mr John Gavan Duffy to lecture in the Mechanics Institute on St. Patrick's night, heysubjecfr will TCry/iikdy re late Jo Irish hi storvantS ."no J doubt,1 th'e'halt will be we3l patronised on the occasion. The Hibernian Band will perform at the moonlight concert. Some notices relative to where And "when tickets can be obtained for certain forthcoming picnics to Geelong will be found published in another column. . To-mprrow is Stj Valenfme iDav,'", bat 'there being no postal delivery on Sunday.'Il who are interested in the time-honored custom of exchang ing comic squibs or Cupid's missives in the name of SR Valentine, will eagerly wait on the postman's knock during to- fcyhtLMbbdayc No dfcUjbVtliere will be the usual number of loving declarations, hearts and darts, uncomplimentary effusions and humorouB cartoons, forwarded _by post ; the ad dresses, in feigned hands, making the fun and mystery more complete. Well, the custom is a harmless and a merry one, and if wc express the opinions of the young people we shalb'say that St Valentine is not the worst saint in the calendar. A meeting of the friends and sympathisers with the widow and f&milv; of the late Mr John Jones, who'lost.his life on the Ballarat and Ararat rail way works, when in the execution of his duty, will be held aLthe-Bdinbnrgh. Castle hotel next Mpg- -ay erefihgatghtVdook- " - The manager of the Licensed Victuallers' picnic reported, at a meeting held last night, that he had \- forwarded the guaranteed cheque as a deposit for the chartering of the steambo'at, and that the tnem- berslof the committee having charge of the sale of the tickets had disposed of 100. - Several returns are ot in from the outlying districts ; and it is therefore jjecessry "for/ those intending to join in the trip to obfai ni their tickets hot c later than this evening. The tickets are passing off so well that it is, -believed before the final meeting on Monday the full limit will have'been disposed of. Mr Charles Vauhab, an old townsman', has returned to Ballarat within the last few days, having arrived by the last mail steamer from England. — The subscribers; to the Mechanics' Institute at Bosedaie Gipps " Land) have resolved to throw open that institute, onfiutftfay s, betareeD jthJipiHR of three and five in the afternoon, and from eight to tenm- theevemngi- A six months' trial is to be. givffli to this resolution. The match tq-dayrbetwesn -ther Banks .and Law and jthe B.C.C., on tbe -Eastem Oval, will com mence at two o'clock punctually. A nitttdh will' fe- pUn'efesterfi Oval _torday beViMjen '-£be "Aibert-:r<XC: 'gnd/City.. C.C.: second even. pliay to commence at two p.m. The. follewiug48 alist of the playersi— -Albert. C.C.— C. D. Figgis, M. Clark, Ware. Williams, HuU, Eyles, Fpley, A. JJtmdersob, Dinielo«r, C.-Axfbrd "«merge&yG.; Moore,- Sherafrd, PampHiloh, Glass v City C.Cr-jVMorey, H." Bdh C. i?hilp, zies E. Lewis, Wm. "Taylor, J. J: uahir,". W. Chalk, .D. - Davies, H.- Williams, G. WUlipms ; emeiency — M.ae. E. Pliilp, J. : Harvey, R. Gray. The Illustrated Australian News for the current . qmhth opens with an illustration of St. Valentine's Day. Ihis sketeh is followed by engravings of the " Mossgiel Woollen Factory, Dunedin," the " Great Centre Lake, Tasmania," portrait of the late Sir James Hurtle -Fisher, " Mr Dutton's Home Sta- tion at Kapunda." " Survey Party at the Bunyip," " Eight Hours Demenstration at Sydney," " Bush fires at Mount Macedon," portraits of J. H. Brownbffl and C. H. Macmeikan, .who were lately presented by theGroveraor with the Royal Humane Society's medals; four views taken during the cruise Uf' the Victoria in Basa' Strsits, and an illustration of the buniingftjhe ship Cospatri; off the Cape of Good Hope. The number is well got up, and can be obtained bf Mr Vale, the local agent...' The members of the Ballarat Typographical Society bold their annual picnic at Bumunbeet to day; leaving the Westeni Terminus by the 41 ®a.rp. tram, -and returning at &.8 p.m. Ai; the meeting -of the Town Council last night, "! PP11100 was Teaa rrom Superintendent w;n 1 TOt water might be . Jsupplied to the leper's camp on i Clayton's Hill. The council refused to com- ply with the Tequest, and it was resolved to apply- to Government to get the lepers removed from that- locality as speedily as possible. An unexpected surprise awaited William Strick- laqd, of brewing and cordial manufacturing eke- - brity at Colac, on his arrival at Geelong from Bal- 1 lanit on Thursday by the morniug train. He was interviewed (says the Geelong Advertiser) by Ser- geant Toohey, who held a warrant for his arrest charging him with having forged an acoptance pur- ! porring to-be signed by Bubert CosteHa, pubUean; of iPirrin Talioak. The acceptance- fras for £40." At tfaejtime of flis arrest, Mr Strickland was in . possession of a number of acceptances, amounting in fall to about £230. He' was brought before the mayor and Mr Panton, P.M., and remanded.-' Various rumors are afloat as to tbe manner in white tee prosecution- has been instituted, bnt these will-doubtless be set at rest by tee investiga tion white is to take place. The prisoner, consi dering the natpre of the charge preferred against him, appeared, to be remarkably Cheerful,- and "'to .have no dread of the consequences. Last night's Geelong Evening Times gays r — " Mr Strickland yas thia morning remanded to Colac, to.be brought up tiiere next Friday. Bail was accepted for him from two sureties of £400 each; Considerable ' sympathy was expressed for Mr' Strickland, and the general opinion, based on the known characters of.botb Strickland and Coatello, is that no forgery has been committed." \- It is reported that a ehange cf tone will shortly take place in the Ufargborotigh Advertiser owing to its proprietor beginning to have doubts as to tee soundness of the peculiar form of religion white that paper has for about the last three years ex pounded. We give the rumor as it has reached us, without of course vouching for its-accuracy. jA rumor haa .beencurrent (says the Argus) f or the last day or two in commercial-circles (the truth of which our contemporary is now able to affirm) tliat the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency - Cpnqpany tare-determined to' open a branch of tbeir establishment in Melbourne, under the super intendence and management of Mr E. Murray Sfilh... te Smite relinquishes ,in consequence "his position as partner in the firm of Tnrntall, Smith, and Co, and in future his name will be associated with the institution referred to. Mr Smith under no obligation to quit political, life, and has no intention of doing so. _ jThose interested in coursing , will be glad to learn . Remarks foe. Geelong Advertiser) teat Mr lames M-Cnlloch, who is now on a visit to Eng- huad, has engaged James Kerss. a slinper favorably kn.twn in coursing circles in the cfld country to proceed to this colony as trainer to his brother. Mr W. M'Culloch, the owuer-of the winner of the last Australian Waterfoo. : Afr Betet , was te leave ob tiie 14th January. -An f English paper says re- wrdmghiin_.fi Xhe -departure of Kersa wilLbe a Itos to the courtiag. wortd pf lthe old conntrv, as smce the retfrement oU Tom Baner.' he has been the best slifijier in the three Iqngdoms." Advtoes state that Mr MCalhrffh was also on the point of shipping some well-bred and htghfpriced rcrev". hounds for the colony. . : „ > The commispjoners for, tee forthcoming exhibi tion have received, via San Francisco, from the director-general, plate iJand- Viewsiof the various which are now -in coarse «rf erectiep at? W#- Jhey tnelude . (says : tiie main building, the art gallery, the mfohSnmyhall, ' the agricultural jAad rthe horticultural hatajhe' (agegate floor apace.beujg forty acrear: TheTfoiin hjtil cprets twenty-one and a hSf acres of eroand. Anstralasia-Ts to tee-located -beftrea 4nSa%iSSr France. _ Aensni.£(5kifofeaiat Levnkaon the ( th January The Fiji Times says that tbe town was partially under water, ' nhd that a large number houses . wpre .daitared , by the wind afid. .ram. The shipping ajso suffercd " ctekderaU'" Amongst «ome «ma|l craft driven Ashore was H.M. schooner Beagle, white will need conriderable re- pmra before tee will, be able to go to sea Main, s; AmtieToung, a rimaU Uered to tare gone down with some five or six ..persons <m bqard. With tins exception no lires tweto4ost>j;teesfgryisitAtibp; — M _ mg of the Friendly Sodeties&atirt; e, Vnd the one- of Kgistered noderit amiTnH 1D« quired in tee pii sent law, &e;:, taa-heon ap pdintod. . Ttie profes sional ptombers of tee committee are — Mr Mnrrav Liverpoto and Xatodoil mid Globe FSire and Life Insurance Company- ; Mr Lyell, late of .9lto".:tafogetapfe, Ac. : NarthernAssarance Comnanv ' Mf- Vemfletbn, of the National MmrialtffelBsfe cation;' and Mr Zox, of thbitatof stS mid Zox, who has far many years past taken areat merest and a very aetiv/ pSThfteell fnondly Bocctieg throughout the colony. The members of Parliament P" the commtaion (adjs tha Telegraph) are Mr Messrs Dixon, Dsvies. Cref man. Following the Englite prfoedent, tee ap pointment of a chairman and also of a secretary will be left to tbe commission, A general meeting of tbe St, . DgG Pefo Committee was bdd on Fnday night »tBnq>ny s hotel ; Mr Wm. Kinane in tee chair. Thegieet- ng was largely attended, and the sports eam- J Tnittec forwarded - teeir programme,- white is, with a few slight, improvement, , the same as last year's one. : The /sale .of boothB;. was fixed, and a great many preliminary arrange- ' ments madt" All the frieadly Sbcietfes and'piaaic bodies are hrvited, -and it s anticipated timt.he jortheoming_demonatratiqn.iriUj!ii>sejfIitsj>2fc deeessors. ' '- : ' 4' ' Some-weeks meo it was teepuhcedJtet,Mr IreT. land, Q.C./hacF'b&n-retainbd; 'for/the prosecution" in the case of Tbe Q,ueen v O'Farcoll, for. embezzler rnent. As Mr" Ireland (says the Argus) did not receive a brief to appearin tee police court, a brief, was offered to him on behalf of the prisoner, which; we understand, has been accepted ; atid an appli- : cation has been made by hiln for license from the.: Governor to appear against the- Grown. This license is usually granted when applied ' for as a matter of form, but whether it wBl be granted in thiB instance is quite another question. According jto" tee terms upon which Queen's cpniisel here ob tain their letters psitent, it is understood that they do not -.practise in any of the, inferior conrts. It is some ten or twelve years ago (writes the Geelong Advertiser) since tiie A.M.C. or Grand Annual Moveable . Committee of the M.U. Order of Odd Fellows was held in' Geelong. The meeting of this, the highest court in the Unity in Victoria, will again take place in the town in the second , week in March. Already . a strong committee. has , been appointed to arrange for the entertainment . of the. delegales. " The Town Hall hae been en-7 gaged for their meetings, and a grand banqnet on tbe first day of teeir "meeting, -and the Mechanics' Hair for a concert, onohe second evening-; - Mr J. J. Normoyle, . of1 the Crown solicitor's office, has'recived twelve months' leave of absence, and .leaves Melbourne hv the . Somersetshire on '-Saturday. . ; , A strange freak on the part of what appeared to be a woman mad? with drink, was perpetrated (says the Age) in the 'Supreme Conrt buildings on : Thursday morning. The court-keepers discovered a woman.(Jane.. Jenkins), wjthont a vestige of clothing on her, in Mr Justice Barry's chambers, whither she had gone after decoding herself in the wood-teed at the taek'of -the -conrt-house. The"-' assistance' c?- the-polide from the Bussell street harracks was called in, and the woman was taken to the Swaneton street: lack- up. When -the time came for taking her before the magistrates, it "was found teat she had again stripped herself. The bench remanded her for seven days, in order that she might recover her senses before attempting to account for her conduct. """"Information (says tbe Telegraph) has been re- ceived from England that H.5Leerew-sloopNymphe Ts to proceed to Australia -shortly. "She is a vessel of 2172 tons and 300-horse power, and carries nice heatyguns. ' ' I 7 Tjie number of persons " missing 7. in and about IMellxmrne is greatly on tee increase. In addition - to' those already reported in onr columns, a quartz mlnerinafned George Dennis has been missing from his , home , since , Monday ; a woman- " bamed \- iBridget Whelan has not been heard of since the last day of-Jannary; John Frederick Vale". has" .not; been seen since the 7th, and tiie last time , ; Captain George Groves; of the schooner Clara, was - seen was on the same day.. Another infanticide, horror is reported. in tee Tass Gtmner. The body of a newly "born infant . ' 'was found in a closet strangled- with a stocking.- and a girl, named Mary Withmorein tee service of tee Bev. William Hill, Wesleyan minister, has. been committed to take her trial for" the murder of ' her child. . . " ."J"" According to the Gipps Land. Times, a large number of wqnld-be selectors, chiefly from Bmllaii, Bacchus Utrih, and the "Ballarat district, have, lately arrived in Sale for tile purpose of settling in Gipps Land.-. 'They -have been making earnest en quiries at the land office as to . tee area and posi tion- Lof available land ; and (our contemporary - understands) several of tbem intend going on to Omeo, the report of the Minister of Lands predis-: posing tbem to that locality. The United States Minstrels were very wel patronised at tiie Mechanics' Hall last night, the front seats being well filled, and the back crowded. The various members of the company are both clever and entertaining; and those who wish to enjoy a couple of hours' laughter-provoking amusement will pay the Minstrels a .visit to-day at the afternoon matinee, or this .evening, when they make their last appearance, in Ballarat. 