ADELONG POLICE COURT. Saturday, January 30. (Before the Police Magistrate.) Henry Thompson was charged with setting fire to a shed, stack of wheat, dray, plough, dog-cart, &c;, the property of Joseph Cupitt, farmer, on the Minjary. Mr Robertson appeared for the prosecutor and the prisoner was undefended. Sergeant Egan deposed : On the 23rd inst. prose cutor came to me about break of day and told me his stack and other property were burned down and who he suspected of being the incendiary ; I went to prose cutor's place and saw the fire still burning; only the charred comer posts of the shed were standing; I went to a hut about half-a-mile from prosecutor's place and there arrested prisoner and told him the charge against him; Cupitt was with me; prisoner said he would not injure anything and added, addressing prosecutor, 'Because you had a fire you want to deprive me of my property,' meaning some bricks ; I afterwards brought prisoner to the lock-up. Joseph Cupitt deposed: I am a farmer residing near Gadara ; and know the prisoner as Henry Thompson and also by the name of Styles; he had been boarding in my house for the last twenty- three weeks and slept in a hut some forty rods' distant from my house; he was employed making bricks with a man named Reuben Shropshire and I agreed to take bricks in payment for his board; on the 22nd inst. prisoner was from home and Reuben asked me if I would buy his bricks; I agreed for 12,050 for £12 and when prisoner returned home on the afternoon of the same day, I told him I had bought these bricks ; he said 'you have made a ____ fool of me, I sold 20,000 bricks to Mr C. Baker to-day ; I told him to deliver the bricks he had sold and I could wait for mine at the same price ; there would have still been a balance due to me for board and washing; prisoner was very angry that Reuben had sold the bricks to me and walked away to his hut; he afterwards came to supper but did not speak during the meal, and when he left the house afterwards went away in an opposite direction from his hut; I went to bed between 9 and 10 o'clock as did Reuben, who slept in the house; afterwards my wife woke me telling me that my father in-law's hut was on fire ; my foot had been hurt that day by a dray, but I ran towards the shed, which is about four chains from the old man's hut, and then I saw prisoner getting over a fence ; he came from the stockyard ; as I came out of my door I saw a fire in the shed and I afterwards saw another ; prisoner was going through the shed ; I gave the alarm and prisoner run away in the direction of his hut; I can swear it was prisoner by his appearance and dress; the moon was shining clear at the time; Reuben was asleep when I left the house ; but he came out partially dressed as I was going to call him ; the fire was by this time up to the wall-plates of two sides of the shed and there was no possibility of saving it ; a stack containing 300 bushels of unthreshed wheat, harrows, dray, and a dog-cart, were also consumed ; I estimate my loss at £160 ; three dogs of mine made a charge towards the shed, but when they saw prisoner getting over the fence they came up to him and made friends with him ; when Reuben joined me prisoner was out of sight; he knew that my foot was injured; I afterwards gave information to the police, and was present when Sergeant Egan arrested prisoner ; prisoner is hot tempered, and I have heard him say of a man who offended him that if he could not get him out he would burn him out. To prisoner: You have lived twenty-three weeks at my place ; no quarrel has taken place between us ; you and Reuben were making bricks on your own account ; I did not see you at the fire, but I saw you get over the fence; never sold you grog and entered it in your account as tobacco. Martha Cupitt, wife of the prosecutor, deposed: On the 22nd inst. I saw prisoner lying down in the shed where he did not usually go ; I was the first to see the fire and to give the alarm ; I did not see prisoner running away ; prisoner did not come and help to try to put out the fire ; next morning at breakfast I asked him why he did not do so and he said if he had come it would have been useless ; there was no bush-fire near at the time the shed was burned down ; prisoner was in a bad temper on the previous night. Elizabeth Ann Cubitt, wife of Thomas Cupitt, gave evidence that she lived about ten yards from prisoner's hut and that she heard him come home after dark on the 22nd inst. ; afterwards she heard her sister call out and said to prisoner 'Joe's stack is on fire, will you come and help to out it;' prisoner said 'I can do no good, if I could I would ;" witness gave evidence as to pri soner's conversation at breakfast next morning similar to that of the former witness. Reuben Shropshire's evidence was unimportant. He gave the same account of the burning of the shed as the previous witnesses, and stated that he had written to the prisoner as Henry Stead Styles. To prisoner : I have been working for you twenty weeks ; we had no quarrel ; I keep Mr Cupitt's books and have never entered any grog to you. This concluded the evidence and the prisoner was committed for trial at next Wagga Wagga Circuit Court, bail being allowed of himself in £80 and two sureties of £40 each. As respects the charge of indecent assault commuted by a hid on n little (jirl living at Sbrpardstown tho evidence was very slight, nnd tho testimony cf tho medical witness was to tho effect that thero was no trace of injury sustained by tho girl. Tho defendant was dismissed with' a caution.' Jamks O'Coxxor, the old man referred to in last issue was Irought up. The Bench held that ho was not in a state of mind that rendered him accountable /or his notions nnd resolved to apply to have him admitted to a benevolent asylum. He wns ordered to find sureties for his good behaviour for six months or to go to jail for three months. Several cases to be heard wero adjourned till the following Tuesday. TuEsnAV, Pr.nnoAUT 2. Before the Police Magistrate and Mr Ilorsbrugh, J.P. Several cases tinder tho Police in Towns A ct were henrd in which tho following parties wore fined 5s. each for allowing their cattle to stray on the public streets:— William Bccglmg, James Taylor, and Chailes Shnw. . A charge against two boys of writing an obscene letter to Jimmy Lee, Chinaman, was adjourned to next Court day. 