rVEVfCASTf.E. (tfvé Oie SeiocasOe Pilot, Aug. 31.) On Friday morning at about 12 o'clock the steam diogher Commissary General waa proceeding down tile harbour with a cargo of maize for the barque Australind, when near the barque Heversbnm the wind, which was blowing strongly frorû the N W, suddenly increased in velocity, and caused the steamer to Collide with a lighter which was lying afongside the feversham The anchor o£ the lighter Went through, the bilge of the drogher causing her to leak su fait that it waa found necessary to run bei oil shore This was done, and she now lies, on the liorth Bank, opposite the Lime Kilns, and was in 10 feet of water Arrangements are beicg made to have the steamer removed from her present position at ohce The Commissary General had on board 160 bigs Of maize, 'he property of Mr George Otto, Which vfillraó dpubt, be totally destroyed She was ia command of a person named John M Donald at the time of nar accident Oír Fndajr 4 terrible hot wind was blowing, bring- ing etoudè of diftt, and causing many of our store- keepers' to wisb the streets were watered! Shortly after tWd o'clock, the storm signals were hoisted on the Flagstaff a't Captain Allan's Hill and the telegraph board outside the Custom House showed fhut a southerly gale wís blowing at Jervis Bay at 12 30 <ym and at Sydney Heads at 2 4op m The change was" riot felt herb unfit half past five o'clock A váy large bushfire was burning throughout Fn day and last night at Stockton, and apparently too near the township to be pleasant. The heat of the last few days has induced many snakes to awake from their winter nap, and several have vlsifí", the -vicinity of Dark Creek and Lamb- ton (fTffln Oil Netítasa« Chroûidc Aug 31 1 On thursday morning, a lad named Walsh,, was severely injured in the Co- operative pit, Wallsend While coupling skips be was caught between the bufiers The ¡eft leg wa» frightfully lacerated, six inches of flesh being {ora from the bone Dr Ewington was, m attendance The lad was taken home, and will be oonfined to his bed for several weeks. Messrs, Brooks, and Goodeir, made another capital addition to their Jgeet, by the purchase of the splendid clipper $ng Elliotts. The vessel is A 1 at Lloyd's, and comparatively speaking, a new one, and may be considered sp one of tb« beal owned in the_colomes. Her first tap1 will be to Nelson A number of boys at Wallsend ate in the habit of running after the coal trains,, and jumping on the buffers of the Itettxuck. This praetice is attended with great danger The output of the coal for the week ending August 29th, #375; w«a 26\018 tons of which 4671 tons were sent to Sydney, 6862 to Melbourne, 250 to Geelong» 1$3§ to Adelaide, 270 to Brisbane 920 to Walljrop. §2 to,?ichmondi 2271 to New Zealand, 342f to Nelson, Í60 to Fort Majckay, 689 to Dunedin, 811 to Çjazençs Biver,<!63 to Batevia,81 to Macleay River, 3264 to ,San Francisco, 1478 to Hongkong, 512 to Java, 371 to Mauritius« 397 to the steamers, and 1016 far home consumption Of the above quant;ty the .*?. -*. Co * ««»' away 4372 tons, Wallsend, ,5297 tons, Lambton, 3815 tons, Waratah, i 4635 tons, Co-operative Co ,3713 tont, New Lamb- ton, 4082 ton», Anvil Creek , 325 tons, and Greta, 379 tpna. The ^ A. Co sent away 12£ tons of coke, and thei Co-operative Co,, 56 tens (Fromths tMaert Advocate, Aug 91 ) A miner narnM John Mitchell was serromly tri-' jtired by a> falí Of eoal in the new pit, Hamilton, on Wednesday morning last It appears that he" was engaged wedging out a corner, when the piece of coat gave wiry unaware« and fèlf upon Bim, inflict ing serious injury to the1 body and one leg. The poor fellow was conveyed homo upon a stretcher, aid attended td by Dr Dowdney Í affl ihforined thai only tWo1 miners Went home with this man- the resPbemg all ¿creen m'en This seems very unfeel . ing on" the paM of the miners, who would not leave ttleir work for if time to cbfiVey to bis home one of their own flamber wtay Bad been mangled with* the tifeScberoUB'ebiil À young ffla» lately commenced1 worR at Hamil i ton, froto Woodford Hb had only-worked four days When b>reeéiveff a Mow off his ife from' a piece of ' coat He bis bee» Bine* admitted fofo the Hospital, and" probably will foi» hit/ eye; as fheré & a con- tinuai running from it J We we» shdw* a round baH on Friday, by MT Pratten, bufcnAy oí Wallsend, which he-bad taken fi oref the' stomach of a cow Billed by Um ä day or frwpreviduely Tne Ban ítfofa Brack colour, rather li ?HC for its stó*,, an* io* some1 three inches m d aaieter Mr Pratten rufdrmed us that it Was It ymg loose in Sie aniraaFe stomach, but what the ' b iii is-really composed of, or how ft got there, he ra ap as great a loss" as ourselves io understand (froindieifaiicasäePilotAug it} Shortly before- six o'clock last evening Dr Bead ' rfas sthnmongd to attend »seaman belonging to the Dutçh Barque, tamiden., lying in the north barbour, Before, however, the docto reached the vessel the ufan nací expired. He will be brought to the dead . hbusaat the hospital to-day, and a coroner's inquest help on #e body. I An accident happened on Saturday About'noon to ' Mrs. Shaw/ wife of Mr, Shaw« produce dealer, Watt street, which was fortunately sot attended with \Vorse results. Mrs. Shaw, we learn, was in her cart \- Which was loaded with vegetables, and when near . tha-Grammar School, to save a large cabbage from filling off the cart, ehe reached over and by so doing, overba&nced; herself and fall forward on to the road- way, when the cart'went over her shoulder, but be ybr¡4 greju^ tawsjng jt did no J maher, injury/ Hejr fice and foreùead, however, were »vwh, eut;M1h> * fall. Mrs. Shaw was picked up and placed in Mr. Vic kers's buggy and taken to her residence, where she was attended to by Dr. Harris, and from whom we learnt on making enquiry last evening that his patient is progressing favourably. An accident happened on Saturday afternoon to Mr. John Ash, j un., in the employ of Air. Fred. Ash, which is to be lloved will not be serious, but must at present I» very painful. Mr. Ash, it appears, was engaged with others in moving a machine, used for tbe purpose of making galvanized iron piping, when it fell over, and the weight, between five and six cwt., came upon one of bis feet, breaking the big toe and severely crushing the others. Ile was at once con- vened to Messrs. Knaggs and Bead's surgery, and afterwards to his own home, where he has since been attended by the former, and is progressing favorably although in much pain. On Saturday morning, a horse and light cart, be- longing to a dealer named Gordon, was crossing the railway, at the Market-street crossing, when the horse suddenly swerved off, having a small boy in tbe cart to guide it, and went down towards the steamers' wharf at full gallop. Before Hearing the goods shed the cart came in contact with one of the goods trucks, and was almost broken up, the little fellow in the cart escaping almost by a miracle. 