AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL. The most absorbing topic amongst agri-. culturists daring the past week has decidedly been that of the severity of the season, and its effects npon the harvest "The learned in meteorological science have been setting - .op various hypotheses npon which they' have founded a theory explanatory of the climatic changes which the characteristics of civilisa tion are working, gradually it may be, but none the less surely, in this part of the hemis phere. The more sanguine would "have us prepare ourselves in future incarnations for weatiter identical with the English Christmas than of the antipodes, but while all these speculations are more curious perhaps than useful, the fact remains that at times such a palpable change in the,course of the seasons occurs as to baffle the skill of all intelligent observers in then- efforts to solve tbe problem. : Those who very properly look with alarm at the rapid, and often, wanton destruction of ' our native forests while so little is being done to repair the mischief, assert with some . show of reason that we are destroying the balance, or upsetting the equilibrium, so, to speak, of the seasons. In South Australia owing to immense and frequent bush-fires, large belts of forests which would have en dured for long 3'ears have entirely disap peared- As a counterpoise to, or rather per haps as an ameliorative of this condition of things, tree-plantiug in all the public streets, squares and reserves has been carried out for years past, in so hearty and vigorous a man ner, as already to have produced marked sanitary results, together with a permanent healthy atmosphere in the city. \- It is pleasing to observe that after all there . is some probability of accomplishing in course of time the establishment of - the means of affording systematic education to the rising class of fanners in all that pertains to their farming pursuits. Already there are several very excellent farmers clubs in existence such as that branch of theKyneton Agricultural Association which is devoted to the monthly discussion of all matters in which the farmers are more or less immedi ately concerned. The fruits are to he seen already in better legislation, present and prospective, for the practical use of the far mer. .Among other things the imposi tion of taxes on halls and entire horses for the preservation aud perpetuation of good stock, has been strongly advocated and not without success. One thing is very certain that the real value of a good Fanner's Clnb with an able secretary at the helm, and a ' good president at the head of affairs is hardly to be over-estimated, for while watching such contemporaneous events with a practi cal eye as arc of interest to them, they have a direct and tangible effect in shaping the course of agricultural legis atiou. Another feature which is full of interest, as likely to he productive of good results is the offering of prizes for the best conducted farms in a . given district- We have published the re port of the judges in- connection with the tjmeaton Show, in the assurance that our ! agricultural readers will find profit in the perusal of the particulars. A gentleman who has just finished a jonr ney in the Western District in the direction of Warrnamhool informs us that the weather has, he judges had the effect of throwing the crops hack about a month or six weeks. The hay crop is very mnch damaged in places, a considerable portion being com pletely spoiled. The small quantity of, wheat sown is so backward that at present it would he hazardous to form a conjecture of any value as to the result, as so much de pends upon the weather experienced during the next three weeks or a month. This remark has especial reference to Warrnam hool and Terang, Belfast and Cainperdown. At Ondit indications have been discovered of the ravages committed by the grub in the English barley, but as yet no great amount of mischief has been done by the pest. The state of the grain market is reported to he somewhat unsteady. Wheat is quoted at 5s 5d to 5s fid, hut with few or 110 trans actions. Wheat Cs in Alelbonrne for im mediate delivery, ana as bd per bnsliel for delivery in about three weeks. Barley is dull, and there are little or no transactions in this grain. Maize, as 3d: flour, £13 10s to £13 12s Gd, with stocks very low: country brands at £13. A demand for up country wheat has sprung np during the past week, and has led to considerable en quiry and increased business. Bran is quoted at Is Gd to Is 7d per bushel, and pollard Is 7d to Is Sd. In the Inglewood district the Advertiser says. The crops are making good progress, even in the face of this most unseasonable of seasons, and the majority of the farmers in this district are apparently well satisfied with their prospects. In one or two in stance stripping has been commenced, and Mr C. Moore of Bridgewater, one of the first to make a start, has safely housed the proceeds of a field of barley. Messrs Page and Catchpole, of Bulabul Creek—the pur chasers of Messrs Buckland and Son's estate —will commence cutting on Wednesday, and in a few days many other farmers will do likewise. The crops at Boort and neigh bourhood are ripening fast, and are said to promise excellent yields. We were on Mon day shown several ears-of wheat culled from a paddock in the locality named, which for size, weight, and quality of grain, we have seldom seen excelled- The Ifumptlen Guardian supplies ns with the following The harvest in this district, what between the caterpillars and the unseasonable rains, bids fair to become a complete failure In the neighbourhood of Camperdown and Te nuig, where the grain is not so early, there seems a little chance for improvement by and bye ; but on the plains ibe oat and bay crop can now lie looked upon as a total loss. In Taaraak Messrs Baker did, we believe, manage to save a small portion : but both there and on the farms of Messrs Byan, M'Mahom Macunochie, and others, the de struction and damage done lias been very great indeed- At West Bank the cateipillar 1ms been so hard at work that there is scarcely a head of oats standing, and what the grubs have left untouched the heaw rain storms have completely threshed out. Both at Messrs Baker's and Mr Maconoeliie's the ground is described as being literally covered with oats, and the crop in each case has been s< > far injnred as to be scarcely worth outturn, even for feed. What the caterpillar has not devoured has in other places been quite destroyed by rust, and there is not a km on the plains where anything in the shape of an oat crop will be secured this year. The barley fields are not quite so bad, but tliey \- have suffered considerably from the unsea sonable weather, and will prove anything hut remunerative. -The prospects of the wheat crop look gloomy, and as for rye grass hay, although no particular damage has as. yet been done, it is vety improbable, should the present weather continue, if the "reater part of it can he saved, "from the Warrnam Oool Standard we learn that:—" That the inclement weather is continuing to have an injurious-effect on the crops in this district. In the low-lying lands" generally, manv of the potatoes have been destroyed. Around Koroit. though the crop looks well, the early potatoes have suffered considerably in some instances second, growth being apparent; and many farmers are postponing the plant ing of late _ crops. In the Cudgee and Me pnnga districts, potatoes are a comparative failure, and we have heard of some, cases where farmers have subsequently sown oats ■ on the same ground. Teas liave Suffered to a great extent from the excess, of moisture, and fears are expressed of the mischief which may be done to wheat by rust in the event of heat setting in. Hay crops have suffered of course, and shearing in the later districts has heimgreatiyimimded by the wet weather, with the;approach of the summer weather (says the-Jticerine Herald) among other pes tiferous insects, the grasshoppers are makin<* their appearance in the districts near Ech'uca? They are already in the Biveriua district. domS damage to the grass, and they have now begun to make their appearance in this . B®™ of Victoria. On the Torrumbarrv plains they are appearing in large numbers, and the grass wfll be eaten up to some extent during the coming hot season. The ibis. alar-esne° cies of bird, which comes from the northern country, has also come to this district in small numbers, and will partiv counteract the destructive raids of the graSshoppere as they devour them extensively. At Durham Ox these unwelcome plagues are to be seen, but as yet they are rather scarce there. "When the weather gets warm it is probable that they will materially increase in num bers, and the".grass will, no doubt, be de . voured extensively by them, at the expense of the selectors. 