THE WEAT .uHER IN VICTORIA.. Siuring the greater portion' of last week tlh weather here was, unusually hot and oppressivo, but in Victoria 'it'wasalniost I intolerable, .The papeors to hand by leat t ateamer teosm 'iithsnotles of the exccswe es heat, of deaths by sunstroko, and-of 'the d'vasetiofiind oven loss of life ocaioneod b bush'fires. Ini:Molbourne on'Ttiesday tloe thermomotes., a ti'tho e'Obsorvatory rdcorded 100.8° in tho.shado and,140° in tlio sun. Wodsdesdy was still hotter, the tliermomotor registariiig as higlh as 110.40 id the shade, andin the sun 148.2?. On Tlhisrday the toneyioraturo roacibd 109.09 iti the shade, and 147° ii the un.' It'inay bb observed that.the highosttompOraturo rFcbrded in Melbourne since' 1858 is 111.2. on Januaryl4tli, 1862, in the shllado, 100° in the sun: At'Ballarat, where from its more olovated position tlhoweatherris always cooler than ii- Melbourno and0thb\ plains,. the thermomotor .onr Tueday rigisteredl 97 in what haved 'litliorto boon regarded as cool rooms, while_ in apart ments moreo"exsosed' tho:qiiclkllbrrx ceeoddd 1000.i'a-TlioTf?-iolo countiyri?odiide (says the Balarat .Obiller) soomed t6'bo in a'blazo of Cr9.,, 1 , :' s .*,I ,' ,tr~" SOascs of deathlfrom sunstroke are re-, ported from severaldistricts' and we road of hbores, aisd'dvenTdldýa aid bird, 'drop ping down dead, while c. great 'deal of ill ness has beqn'occasioned from exhaustion inducedby the. excessive heat. In the p~oviiices the universal prevalence of bush filds has added greatly to tlheo' suffering, and .as already stated thlseovisitations have unfortunately not~ boon' witliout' fatil results. The death on Wednesday of Mrs Ellis, wife of a farmeorand grazier, near Inglowood, has been recorded. Mrs Ellis,. observing the fire makieg for. one of tlqo.stacks oni tile farm, ran,. with, somr theor womeni-towards it, and while in tile act ofbeating it out; tho,-fire caught hbr clotlies,' and slutwvas instantly en ,v~loped in oflamesi .'ad: 'immediately pe?eod beyond al, lip. Everything was buhned. 'off' her,' aid she received such edvero' injuries that she died in a few hours 'afterwards. On: the same 'day a' man'inaqeld Harry Smith, a farmerlivlng abodut'two miles and a half from Beau fort; onf the Stockyard:hill road, 'while in the6 hot If keeping off a bush fire which Wasfe'ast approaching his house,' became oxhaiusted and fell down' when he. was burnei to death. In thel Inglewood dis tioet'one'fire' burned a tract of country '0 mnilbes in length,' and -several. milesin breiadth. Tie township of Wedderburn is surrounded by firoe,.ndcommunication almost cut off. On Torpicllen station everything but the bare dwelling-houso I has been destroyed, including siximiles of I fencing. At Ararat bush fires were ob served all around the hlorizon, and a line of flame, 20 sniles long, lit rup (thes Grampians.; Near Smythesdalo fires hlave been raging in overy direction; lhouses destroyed, and miles of.fencing, I &e.;, burnt. Near Sandlurst thero have also' been considerable losses, and, it' is foeaed that a great deal of damage will yet have to be recorded. On Wednesday night Mount Macedon was covered with t; fire from base to summit, and tile appear ancot is, described as being grand inthe eitreme. .The wind .wa' driving the ter rible element at a great rate towards Woodoed, : which place appearedidoomnd t destruction. : , ?The . Bor er Post calls Riverina "TTho lnd of- flame," and adds--!! Bush' fires. are raging in every, direction;s and the atmosphlere is so freighted with snloko that it is impossible to see objects at.even asllort distance. ; The heat is'oppressive, r and all vestige of vegetation has long since disappeared. - The time has nsow arrived when the subject becomes serious,; cattle ire' dying of thirst, water was 'novob so scarce, nor 'tll River Murray 'so shal , ; From Maryborough; Kilmoro, tawoll,' I and otheor places there are also reports of 'numerous disasters; in some localities the e fires travelling' at the rate of five miles an, hour. There can" be no doubt that niany 'of thle 'farmers scattered througlh the bush have been burnt out, and that a P great deal'ofpoverty and distress will be Y the result. r FATAL OASE - or POIsONINo.-A melan choly case, of poisoning, having afatal ter s mination, occurred to aMrs Wilson, wife of a carrier'living at Evandale, on Friday night last. - Mrs Wilson fooling' unwell rose about midnight to take a dose 'of salts," but unfortunately caught ,up ge packet conthining either arsenic or strych nine'thiat, was lying near o( which alee took an nnusuaUly larg, quantity., Some considerable time elapsed before the error was discovered, when Dr._ Oldmeadow was, sent for;. all his efforts,- however, proved unavailing,'and Aire Wilsen lin l gered until midday'on Stitrday when she expired. An inquest .wo, believe was held yesterday, the result of which,. hlow-, r ever, we have not heard. . I TIr SscELTINO.-Thle second furnace erected by the Mount Bischoff Tin Com a pany was brought into iise for tihe; rst thime yesterdity and worked a'dmirably. o It is -tile intention of'.the' Directors to n erect two additional furnaces immediately.. QuAtnrz CnRsusNo.-A now crushing plant for the New Native Industry Gold Mining Company was landed from the s.e. Tamar on Saturday afternoon. It has since been despatched to the claim, the Meossrs Saggers having obtained the eon tract for its cartage. o MISCELANE.--Ths programme of tI1e races for 11th and 12th February at Tels t wick, Hobart Town, appears in this issue i f the day of general entry will be Monday next.-The half-yearly meeting of share Sholders of the Gas Company will take 1 place on the 5th Febriary.--Mr W.Hogg, formerly of Snake Banks, announces that \- ie has removed to the Blenheim Hotel, Longford.-Messrs Waleh"-Brothers and i Birchall's third list of new books and new e editions ex St. Osyth ias'published.-Mr Samuel Henry has taken the Bower Sbank Mill, Deloraine.-The annal imeet r ing of nsubscribers to the Campbell Town oI ospital is fixed for Frldaynext;-Mr ZT: f W. Monds announces his business asr. Srangementsa at the OCaerriok Mill, H*pIr T,Towlv . COeg-Thoe fqllowing AV. ?irthirEllEa; GO light, Editlh Dilke, John by Poil;:Wild DayrellI and Stofd. i Viier-REnoi.--Hjs Honor Sir Francis D Smitheinvited a distinguished party to W mot,'his:, Excelleoncy the Goverinor at an dincor on'Thursday last, at his fiesidoneo Lindoled Houso. Among tihe guests wore Bishop" Bromby," Bishop Murpihy, Mr o0 Justico Dobson;u the President of the Logislative Council, the Speaker of the ad louso of Assembly, the members of the "1 Ministry, the hon.F. I. Innes, &c.;, &o;, in The guests numbered twenty. Acomn?aor.--0n Thursday as a nwater cart driven by a person named West, was c going from the .Cocked Hat to PerUi ,tho horso took fright at a dead horse lying by. thoe:road' sidea" ad 'bolted.' West was 'thrown from the cirt',aid' ltho ?'wheols passed over his logs,'inflibting somiii sovoro l injuries.' He was takeo home' and is 'now progressing favorably.; i' '- -.- ; ,i:': P' 'CumiurTr.NDe ELECoTION *A requisition pi to Arl Weston, numerously 'signed.( h I' elicited that gentleman's consent to be nominated as successor to Mr John Swan in the representation of. Cumborland.; The ribune, says:-".r ",VWeston? is thI ss purchaser of tihe -greater portion of the ti, Butlerproporty, and, as.his interest in p tliohe colony may now be considered as per. of nianont,'we hopis that the good opinion of tl thel rbeiisitidilsts of Oumberland nie'y be r practically enforced by the election of Mr. or ,Weston. for umberland. We perceive , the respected names of' "LNicholas" and <l '¶Laigdon," of M3ontauto, to the requi- b sition to isr Weaton :two of the' leading 0 men of the district. .' We can now safely T calculate upon tlhe probability of a good d and esoful addition to our legislature in £ the person of Mr Weston.. - Tle " job" is ni may not turn out to be so favorable to t tihe '.' family" as it 'as calculited upon. t < Weston as may obe anticipated from tl s hislanuleedents, 'will, if electedi enter t Parliaotlent as a reprcsentativs entiiply b, Sinidbpoidnt of all piarty ori pereion'al con- h siderations, and, as such, he must com-. rnaid thoconfildbnce of all aincericfo' ll- I vwshers of the country." I |ItEWAeD wOR'TIIe APPRenENwsION AwND \- CoNvicviorlf .oeW. W. mWHITe. -Thei followicg noticoeiappoars in the advertising e d colitmns'df the Melbourne dArgus of 22?id j n iist.:--" I, Moton Moss, of MIolbourno, r hbrobyo'ffer£100ooWirdltfor the appro- i \- hocisioecuid'oafocUody inh Launceston I d of W. W3i.,IYt ,,pte, sictionecr; or < t= £500' rswaald" fpr thea pproihcnsion and 1- coivicti'n oftlibe'sid V?.'V. White, late n auctionee? ; f'lijaudbloii., ' .. . a o nRoLD s R v..,1-At the Polico Court It yesterday two'.aen nanmed, Georgo Wal polo, and. WilliPix Batten woro charged is with stealing a quantity 'i old" tlr' pro 'poy of'tloaGolden Point'.Quarte Crush Y ing Comeany. As therd was no' oidonicd r, ainast eorgo Walpolo hewas disclarged; f a and:MlnMason, after hearing the evidence of f four '.witncseos, . committed William \- hBatten for trial at the next sitting of thoe SRlecorder's Court. Want of space com t pols e to condenso the evidence., S MoUNT .Biscioie TeN.-Ani ingot of tin, 801bs weight, has been forwarded-to tMelbourne for shipment by the I1M.S:S. Perm to the goyornor of th Van Diemen's "aLand Agricultural Company, in London. STile WEXseYANe CONFERENoBc for Vie Storina,and Tasmania commences at VWealoy SClehurch," Lonsdalo-strooet, Melbourne on n Thursday neat.' Thee ministeri from ias 1 maih whb will bo'e preant are :thiot,, g' o N. ]anfinott, OhClairnla " bf'thi: District; the Iot'. F. E. ;Stephenson; '"ipresonta \- tivo' aid'RIIv, H '3. Lavers, of Latrobe,' r wlldj hase permission to.. attend. TTie n Stationiing Comnmittee wore to meet yes n terday,' and the Conneoxional Committee, i consisting of an equal number of ministers i and lay members, will meet to-day and o to-morrow. The idea of the Connoxional Committee'ooeeting beforehand is now.,to a the colonies, although it is in accordance iwith the practice at .home, and as the business it transacts has to do with pro perty and nioney mitters of detail, agood deal of time will be saved by the prelimi nary sitting. . " 'e SrceOI, RELIoIOUs ServxO8s.--Yostor I day, a meeting of. inisters of tihe town ias held at Tamar-street Independent Church vestry, to take into consideration the holding. of united religious services for' the promotion, of Christian union, a devotion, and seal, when it was resolved that special services beheld in Liinceston is early in Febiuary, and that on one Sunday dthere' shall be an' exchange of ministors in the variousspulpits/.:' 'i "' ' ' O SUDDEN DEATHI.-A' mnan named John SClarkd- died' soddenly' at the'heoeso of is 'Michael Donnhoes a farmer, at' Drumn Srouggh;, ?iar Dolornitio,,on the morning n of the 18tli ;instant. , At an inquest held th on',tes 1tli instait, by lenry Douglas, 0 Eei 'it was elicited that deceased was d about 30., years of age, and a sltonmakor o by trade, resided at the'Now-grou'nd, and t travdlled on foot :t .Ddloiaeie on the Sunday pirevious to his death; ho retired to' rost about midnight and died about of 5 o'clock next morning. Tlie post emortem e appearances shallowed an inordinate dilata tieon of .the heart, causing congestion of the lungs. A verdict of death from natural causes was accordingly returned. Ia RrVOLUTIO IN IN CRICKET e BALL8.-The be indestructible cat-gut seam balls will bear double the wear and tear of thle 'old crickotball. Price 10s Od.'" Thie Field says these balls .have been submitted td .n- a severe test, and it has come out of tlle Cr- trial without a distressed stitch. HUosox ifo '& .orwoon.-Advt. Y ATacrL! ALLANCE.-The public, the medical profession, and:, the s leading c cmists of America are unanimously of Soinion that 'UeoLrao Wore-'s ScrIEDAM Ah- uts roSo narrps is the purest and best io stimulant, tonic anhd diuretic at predent no before the world. Its admirable medicinal or properties have been endorsed-by some of tW our most eminent divines, and the testi er, mony from all sections of the country. re .! specting' its curative effects in cases of e dyspopsia, nervous debility, mental de s pressioee, kidhey oomplaints, intermittent \- fever, insomnia or slaeplessness, &c.;, is of the very strongest oharacter.-Advt. . e I CRoQreT.-lA small supply of Jacques's . well-known croqnet received. ' Prices i range, from 25s to 52s Gd. Persons re . quriing a set. are recommended to select t early, croqueot sets being scarco this y.season. FzeRosso , Stationer, Brisbane streot.--Advt. Sec 