BANK'OF ViCTroai.-Our; local bank' is advertised ft be closed on Friday, Saturday, and Monday next, for the EasterHolidays. SPYRITESBOABD RrPORT.-By noticeposted at the Court House, wesee that printed copies of the Pyrites Board Report can be pirphased from the Clerk of the Court at 5s pe copy. Tnr HOSPITAL. lt is notifie4 by advertise ment that linen and calico rags Are urgently needed at the hospitital, where donations of the same will be thankfilly received. -" ETRTalAT!E'Pa.--Particulars 4 the .ei tertainment;: which topk plce. at thp Town Hall yesterdqy eVyping, in aid of th'funds of the Dorcas Sqciety, will appear in o next. GRICKET -NTe In4cerstand that ]a match will b~p layed on.lie Hqathcotp: gound on Good Friday (to-rqrrow) between the eleYpn that played at Synetop and"'player~ in the township apd neighborhood. ApsLICATIONS. Fon LtND.-The following applications have been approvpd --Under the 19th section to-W. Donqelly, Moorm bool West; J. Holde!l, Warrowitue J. Milie, Costerfield P. M'aliahn, Langley. L JCuK FiND.--Ir. James Waters was on Saturday last the lucky discoverer .of a nice piece of gold, weighing 13oz, 12Jdwtsý the locality being Argyle Gully. The nugget is very puyr, containing but a fpw small particles of quartz and is the second un earthed by Mr. Waters in about' the game plpce. 1l3pn FIRE.-A bush-fire has bepn burn ing now for several weeks in the Tooborac ranges, and iece',tly the flames haye been Visible from Heathcoto, especially yesterday evening, when the fire appeared to have assumed much larger proportions than pre yiously. . It is now raging most fiercely at ;he back of Mt. Kenndey ' residence, and we were infor?ne4 yesterday that it was qpprqach ing thep property in that Iqcality. S4~aMiqasT EATEZ FA4i?.--t will be Qeen by advertisement published i another polumnn apd- posters cirpulqted in the district that the fiftli aqniyerary of the Grand Easter Fair in aid of the :.endigg Hospital and Benovolent Asylumo, to be held in the Camp leserve, Sandhqrst on p4onday and Tuesday next, that ample means are to be proiide4 to render the undertaking a great Success. Provisiop ha been made to afford amiusement qf eveiry descirptiqn to make "it attractiye. . 