PASSING EVENTS. Tj- e remains of a human being, in an advanced stage of decomposition, have been found in an abandoned shaft, clow, to the township of Parkes. The steamer Commissary-General has gone down in Newcastle Harbour, through coming against the anchor of a fighter. * The weather has recently been excessively hot f^r the time of year. The Victorian Government propose to assess sheep at Ik. per head. ? It is also proposed that selectors should wait six years, instead of three years, before they obtain Crown grants. A man named Coultliard has committed suicidc at Mel bourne by blowing out his brains. On Friday night last, the Italians of Sydney presented to Madame Ristori an address referring to their appreciation of her wonderful talents, and, after the performance, pre ceded her with torches to her hotel. Inspector Seymour has made another -sei/.ure of putrid lish at the Eastern Market, Woolloomooloo Bay. The South Australian Houses of Legislature have agreed to memorialize the Queen in favour of the annexation of New Guinea. Cargill, the telegraph operator, who absconded fromi Roekhampton, has been arrested at Mount Larcombe, where he had engaged himself to herd cattle. It has been Ministerially announced that, it is the inten tion of the Chief Secretary of Victoria to invite a -ion~ ference of the Colonial Governments to consider the tariff question. The man Howard, who has been nommitled on two charges of wilful murder at Schnapper Point, has been lodped in Melbourne Gaol. There have been heavy snowstorms in South Australia. The climate of that colony is said to have greatly changed' of late years. There is (says the Northern Argiis) a greater fall of rain, and the winters are colder. The Clunes correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes : ' Agriculture is becoming unremunerativc, and hundreds, of bread-winners are leaving Victoria . for the other colonies.' In the New Zealand Estimates there is an item of £10,000 for a second cable across Cook's Straits. The Maories have determined to send in counter-pctitions against the proposal to alter native rights to vote. During the year ending the 31st. May, 1875, 7391 souls arrived in Auckland. At Christchurch (N.Z.), several children of Entrlifh parentage have been baptized in a native church by a Maori clergyman. The largest meeting that ever .took place in Wellington, N. Z., has been held in approval of the proposal now before the Assembly for the abolition of the provinces. At Echuca the other day, a laden waggon rolled off the ? road and down the bank into the Murray. The Adelong district would be a tine field of action for spiritualists. The Adelong Times speaks of one ghost at: Adelong imdJanothei at Reedy Flat. There have been burglaries both at Dubbo and New castle. A man named Butler has been lost in the snow near Cooma. Near Annidale the other day a cart, with two occupants, turned right, over, so as to cover those who were iu it,. They escaped without injuiy. On the 23rd, a public meeting was held at the Town Ha.ll, Newtown, in favour of the extension of the railway into the city of Sydney. The Pearl 'arrived on the 24t,h in Port: Jackson, banging with her the sad intelligence that Commodore Gooddnough and two seamen had been mortally wounded by the natives of Santa Cruz. Payable gold is said to have been discovered at Aaron's Pass, about 60 miles from Gulgong. On the voyage of the brigantine Smiling Morn to Ho bart, Town, the captain (Brown) was washed overboard and drowned. Dr. Scbomburgk .has delivered, in connection with tho Adelaide University, the first of a series of lectures oft botanj'. For some days past a bush-fire has been raging on the Blue Mountains, to tlie north-east of Bathurst. Of the railways constructed, or in process of construc tion in New Zealand, 368 miles are in the North, and 640 mites in the South, Island. It is said that the Miranda coal deposits (South Aus tralia) are likely soon to be realized. The decay of the volunteer movement in New Zealand is said to be attracting attention. Maori affairs seem now to show an improved aspect. The Burrangong Pastoral and Agricultural Association held then- annual exhibition at Young on the 19th instant. On the 19th. instant, the Rev. Joseph Bavnier redelivered: his lecture on ' Hugh Latimer,' in St. Anne's schoolroom,. Ryde. The Victorian papers record the death of Mr. John;. Dunn, a well-known actor on the Melbourne stage. Mr. Winter, a land-owner residing near Ballarat, has died worth, it is said, about a million of money. Snow, on the 23rd instant, fell in several parts of Vic toria. Baron Von Sandres has been committed for trial in Mel bourne for obtaining money by false pretences on a fabri cated telegram from Berlin. Madame Januetschek, the eminent German tragedienne, has been most cordially received by her countrymen resident in Sydney. The Rev. Daniel Allen has lectured in Sydney on thf Spanish Inquisition. At Oxley (Queensland), Mr. Angus Mackay has de livered (says the Qiie^nslaiiihr) a capital discourse on 'Eveiyday Science.' Good progress is being made with the bridge at Mary borough (Queensland). The erection of new immigration barracks at the same place is being delayed through un favourable ? weather. The Laurel Bank Meat- preserving Co. (Roekhampton) are now busily engaged. A man named Westfield, employed on the Filpal ran,. Queensland, has been killed through his horse falling, upon* hiui and fracturing his skull. A cricket club has been started at the Barcoo. The Hon. S. D. Hastings is now lecturing in Queens land. Mademoiselle de Markka is giving concerts in Mel bourne. Mr. Fairclough's sacred recitals at the Town Hall are said to be well attended. A middle-aged man has been found drowned near the ladies' baths at Emerald Hill. The back streets and the suburbs of Melbourne are said' to be infested with dog6. ' The Japanese gentlemen now in Melbourne have visited' the Criminal Court during its sittings, to see how British' justice is administered. A number of Melbourne men propose to work a slate quarry in Tasmania. The Annual Conversazione of the Royal Society of Vic toria has taken place. Professor Irving has delivered, in connection with i he Young Men's Christian Association of Melbourne, a lecture upon ' Early CiTOization traceable in Language.' The Geelong and Western District Fish Acdimati«i(i'-w Society have formally opened their ponds and hatching - boxes. The Minister for Lands has authorized the sale of some four acres of land in Castleniainc (Victoria); on which it i* proposed to erect a large woollen mill. The third annual meeting of the Victorian Discharged ' Prisoners' Aid Society has been held, Sir Redmond Berry presiding. Mr. Ramsden, of Melbourne, is manufacturing wrapping paper from the sword-rash. 