CORR ESPONDENCE.'" 3\. B.— A regular scale of fees is fixed by the Supremo Courts and you can ascertain by applying at the Prothonotary's office, Melbourne. :Emh>y, Caramut, — The lines are from Byron's Childo Harold. ' J. J. kosseatj.— 1. The acquisition of a. foreign language may not always be remunerative In. a pecuniary souse, but it must always be an intelloctuid gain, since it both gives new exorcise to your mental faculties, and adds directly to your stock of learning, and also puts you in possession of a key by which are opened stores of knowledge not otherwise accessible. 2. By your own diligent study you may acquire sufficient knowledge of French or Spanish to read French or Spanish woiks ; but if you w.sh to be able to speak these or any other foreign languages, you can hardly dispense with the aid of a tutor. 3. French is the most ser viceable for you to learn, wik-'pyou have some object in view which rtquires familiarity with some other t >ngue.- 4. By acquiring a knowledge ot French the acquisition of any of thr cognate languages is facfii- . tatcd. 6. Get Aim's French Grammar and Lc Roy's Method of Learning French Without a Master. J.P.— A coat of gum copal varuiBh applied to the' -soles of hoots and shoes, anil L repeat-id as it dries -until the pons a-e ' filled -vx! tho surface shines like peiisaed wood/will 'nwtte the' soles waterproof, and ' also cause them to last three times' aa long as ordl- nary-eoles, . . J. H. R., Albury.— Apply a solution of isinglass in water with a camol-bair bmah, and when dry apply tv varnish-composed by mixing 1 oz. of Canada balsam in. 2 oz. of splrits-of turpentine. \- V/yrlonq will appear next week. Subscriber, Stralbloddon.— The information yon desire can only- be procured by- applying to some of the shipping agents; T. C.1, Scotchman's Creek:— Mr/Warren, the gentle- man who publishes'the sermons in our advertising columns, is not' in the colony at present. Itiafor himto deelde upon the sermons to be inserted. Sunday Sportsman writes " It is a common prac- 'tice for youngmen to spend- their Sundayain shooting ! hares and everything they come across. They are a ; perfect nuieancc, by lighting, fires and leaving them; burning. rabbits out of logs, and using paper for wads, causing bush fires in summer. If they are ; spoken- to they give a great deal of abuse. I think a | gun-tax- would' put a stop to shooting hares, and fa a great many of the bush-fires- in summer." . A Constant Reader, Rochester, desires to know the ; best mathod of dyeing straw hats black, the names of i the dyes,- and tfieir proportions; likewise the best | method. of cleaning feathers. Perhaps some of our i readers can oblige the' inoulrer. A Laboring Man.— Either of the institutions you i mention is- safe enough. j Victorian.— Apply to Captain Standish, the head of ; the Police department; tire only examination required | is as to character and- physical qualifications. C. F., Stockyard.— Warren's Family Physician is an i American publication, of which we cannot tell- yon ) the price. The name of R. J.-Burr, 41 Flinders-lane ; east, Melbourne, is given on the tjtlepage as that of the Melbourne agent. It is no doubt procurable ; through any bookseller. M. B-, South- Yarra. — The subject of life assurance may be regarded as- scientific, in so far as it requires a Knowledge ot mathematics, which is a branch of science. Amateur,— A person- found trespassing on- private property, whether coursing or not-, is liable to bo treated as a common- trespasser, and- to bo prosecuted, in, the ordinary way. The lowest penalty is 10s;, and £S the highest. J. G., Ki-huca. — We have inquiries addressed to us every week on the subject. There is considerable un certainty as to the applicability of the Fencing Act ire certdfn cases,, those, for instance, where the fence has becre put up before the passing of the act. The retrospective character ot the act is, in fact, a legal question. If the fence has been erected since the passing of the act, you are liable under its provisions to pay half the exjsense of the erection. Pedagogue, — He cannot remove without a transfer of hie licence; It is the duty of the police to see that no one sells spirits, &c.;, without a licence. Vulcan,— The boy must bo kept at school until he passes the standard for education. Old Mender intimates his approval' of the re- . marks which have appeared in our columns- on the constitution of the Wesleyan Conference, and of the course taken by the protestors. Constant. KBfDZR, near Geelong.— If you cannot agree as to the construction of the fence, two or more justices, on the complaint of either, may make' an order prescribing the kind'of fence to bo constructed; or may refer the determination of the matteu' to be prescribed by Buch order to tho award of some arbi trator. Constant Reader, Growler's Creek.— A licence is required to cot and remove timber off Crown lands. A Constant Reader, — I. The person referred to has a medical qualification. 2, The Suez Canal is seventy-four miles in length. 1 Kino op Darlinofoiw aesires to ascertain the three longest railway tunnels in- England, and the length of each. .... Duncan M'Alisteh, Raglan, complains of neglect on the part of tho Lands department. He has repeatedly written in reference to an allotment which was recom mended at the local land- board in November,1874, but has got no reply. He has also a grievanco in regard to an application he made for a strip of land between his 36 acre allotment and tho adjoining creek ; and as ho cannot improve liis block without it, he has given it tip. after paying three years' rent. ' - Virrt writes On 3rd April a box was delivered at the Spencer- Btrect railway station, duly weighed, carriage paid 5s., for which, fortunately, I hold areceipt,. : and- directed to me at the Dunolly station. For soma weeks of terwardsnothingwhatever could beascertained I regarding its fate, but at length I received a note from ; tt gentleman at Smy thcsdalo to the effect that he had | discovered my box amongst his baggage there. Thcrc- . upon (tt being of course no faultol mine that it had so i miscarried, the department being responsible) I wrote : twice- to the Secretary for Railways, and with the usual courtesy of the department have not even re-' ccived the justice of a reply. Up to .date neither box, reply, nor explanation lias come to band, and I am still ignorant of- tbo fate of my property, which is of a perishable nature; and will, I expect, be totally destioyed before I receive it. The public pays a large Bum for construction, maintenance and salaries; and is justified in demanding and insisting that ordinary care shall be observed in the transmis sion ot goods, and also that inquiries or complaints, when made to the head of tho department, shall at least be acknowledged." 