UPPER .IAFFR-A. (rmos oUn ow.N coREsroRDENT.;)" January 29. Bushfires have broken out again within the last few days, and 'a considerable amount of pasture has been burned down, in Tinamba, but by great exertions and' hard work, the fires have been prevented reaching anyu of the stacks.of:grain on the farms. . Threshing is carried on 'vigorously, and all of the yields are proving satisfactory, both as regards quality and quantity. Some of the returns have been exception ally good, barley havingin one or. two instances averaged upwards. of. Sixty bushels per acre. .: o- . / ''The Rev. Mir Allen came up last Sun day, for the purpose of conducting the usual fortnightly service in the English Church, but-fromn some cause or reasons unknown, there was no attendance at the hour appointed, consequently th'e re, gentleman, after waiting in vain for nearly an hour in hopes, that a few of his flock wotld make their appearance, had to 'return.: to ?affra. with .the melancholy satisfiLction of, kinowing that he had per formed his duty so far. as lay in his power. There is a particular' description of news well known in Scotland as " piper's news," and in a local paragraph of your issue of Thursday a bright specimen of such is given. :Some. kind friend evidently well posted up iii all?our local matters has ap parently furnished you with news which may be, seen in extenso by looking, back to the Times of, .Juie itid July last. By rc ferring'to thoitse' months .you may finda detailed account of the petty thefts, &c.;, referred to;" you will also 'find iecorded: that a petitila nuraerously signed was for warded ona 9th - June to, the..C}ief Corn missioner of Police, who referred it to Air Inspector Kabat to report,..on the matter prayed for in the petition; further you will find a copy of Air Standish's reply on receiving lr Kabat's report. I would recommend to such earnest and energetic residents as your informant, that they should endeavour to find out some thing new with which to interview your reporter, as we do not care for "cauld kail bet agaid." [Our correspondent is entitled to his sarcasm, the more sons "petty thefts" and offences against persons and property generally, seem to have ceasedl altogether at Maffra since the date of the occur rences which moved him to righteous anger in July last. Mr Kabat's opinion as to the peaceable character of the lo cality has been amply justified by expe rience.-E?}. G.T.] 