WELLINGTON." [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] I have much pleasure in stating that a splendid raid fell in this district last week, though it was light in some places. In the neighbourhood of Newrea, heavy rain fell on Monday afternoon last, and continued for five hours. The benefit to the corn and grass is almost incalculable. We have since bad light showers and threatening appearance, but no rain worth mentioning. I have not yet heard how far the rain extended. I am sorry to hear that a few days ago a heavy hail- storm broke over the neighbourhood of Eumalga, and did great damage to Mr. Serisier's vineyard. Everyone will regret to hear that a visitation of this kind has fallen upon this splendid vineyard, upon which Mr. Serisier has, ex- pended so much energy and capital, and which is but now only about to bring in a return. The declaration of the poll for the electorate of "Welling- ton took place this afternoon. The Returning-officer (Dr. Rygate, J P.) gave the final result as follow:- J. S. Smith. . . . . 573 T. Wythes. . . . . .424 J. Hurley. . . . . . 294 Added to this number were 24 informal votes, making the total number of votes recorded 1416, which is 40 per cent, above the relative number on the roll given at the election three years ago,and which shows the great interest taken in the prefect election, especially by a scattered com- munity, where even now only half the number on the roll have voted. THE RETURNING-OFFICER, having declared Mr. J, S. Smith duly elected by a majority of forty-nine votes, called upon that gentleman to address the electorate. Mr. Smith said he appeared before them on this occasion as their chosen representative in Parliament, if he were merely to say he felt deeply gratified at the result of the election he would in no way convey his present feelings. It was the proudest moment of his life, and he felt deeply the truest confided to him - a trust and confidence which should never be abused. "While he was their representative in Parliament he hoped he should be able to cope with any matter conducive to the interest of the people at large, and would use the influence reposed in him for the benefit of the whole country. He would not be dictated to by any man or body of men, and would not be a mere voting - machine or tool for that great man. Henry Parkes. He (Mr. Smith) was proud the electors had shown, by electing him as their representative, their unwillingless to become the tool of any man or voting-machine. In the past he had endeavoured to take one straightforward course, and would do the same in the future. One of the first things he would do when the House met, and if necessary he would himself bring in a bill for the purpose, was to have the Wellington electorate divided. Hill End should be separ- ate from Wellington proper. He looked upon the people of Hill End as very ungrateful lot, for he had done as much for them as the people of this portion of the elec- torate, and had caused more money to be expended in the neighbourhood. They had not appreciated his efforts. He was proud, however, to know that in this portion of the electorate, where his friends were concentrated, the largest number of votes ever before given had been polled for him. Ho had received over 600 votes against 49 for Wythes and 69 for Hurley - a very large number of votes indeed. He thanked them from the bottom of his heart for the dis- tinguished honour they had conferred upon him. No one appearing on behalf of Mr. Wythes or Mr. Hurley, Mr. Smith said the pleasing duty remained to him of proposing a vote of thanks to the returning- officer, for he very impartial manner in which this election had been conducted. Mr. Smith was carried to his buggy and drawn by a number of persons through Wellington, over to Monte- fiores, and back to Wynne's Royal Hotel. At 4 o'clock same day a large number of ladies and gentlemen assembled to witness the naming of the new bridge over the Bell River. Mr. J. S. Smith had been requested to perform the ceremony. In doing so he was assisted by Miss Mary Gardiner, who broke the bottle champagne in regular orthodox fashion. Mr. Smith gave a history of the endeavours to obtain the structure, the final credit of getting the vote being due to himself. He said on this important occasion he had obtained the assistance of the youngest daughter of his oldest friend in the district, and he might say his and their very dear friend Mr J. A. Gardiner, of Gobalion. On the smashing of the bottle, Mr. Smith named the structure " The Bell River Bridge," and expressed a wish that it might be of great service to the residents on both sides of the river. Three cheers were then given for Miss Gardiner, and three for Mr. Smith, the latter returning thanks on behalf of himself and his assistant. Three cheers for the Queen closed the proceedings. A meeting was held on Friday three weeks, at Wynne's Royal Hotel, for the purpose of determining what kind of testimonial should be presmied to Mr. A. Burnett, post- and telegraph master, who is about leaving for Mudgee, having accepted promotion to that town. Mr. Burnett is an efficient officer, and has been very civil and obliging to the residents, who are consequently very sorry to lose him. The meeting was presided over by Mr. Keightley, P.M., and it was decided, after long consideration, that the testi- monial should take the shape of a solid silver salver, upon which should be plated the surplus money in sovereigns. Mr. Ktightlcy, Mr. A. T. B. Gaden, and Mr. W. G. Way were appointed a committee to choose the article to be presented, and to carry out the object of the meeting. Mr. Joseph Aarons last week forwarded a large number of horses, about ninety, I believe, from Naninia for Queensland. On the Bogan bush-fires have been very destructive to fencing. On No 2 West Bogan (Mr. Aarons'), nine and a-half miles of fencing have been burned down. The grass on the run was fortunately saved. January 11. 