EPITOME OF NEWS. ITe .compile the following from Hie various jour nals to hand :— New Zealand items :—Sir George Grey has consented to became a candidate for the representation of Auckland City West. —Two fires have occurred in the Poverty Bay district. Mr. Poulgrain's 7-roomed house was burnt, and nothing was saved. Mullalley's hotel, at Tologa Bay, was also burned. It occurred at bedtime. The Gisborne Music Hall had a narrow escape from fire through upsetting a kerosene lamp.—A fire which originated at a neigh bouring clearing, the wind being high from the South-East at the time, ran in the direction of the Catholic chapel (a neat little edifice, erected some eight or nine years ago by Mr. Maurice Kelly at a cost of .£800), and finally caught and to tally destroyed it.—Some human bones were found at Blenheim on a beach near White's Bay, and a boot, with stocking in it, containing a human foot, was found with the bones. At the inquest the evi dence proved that the bones were those of a young immigrant named Alfred John Merrit, a native of Jersey, who was drowned in the Opapa while riding after some cattle. The 1 Evening News1 says :—One of the most extraordinary scenes that ever oc curred in a public place of amusement was witnessed by the audience of the Victoria Theatre during the performance of the " Shanghraun." In consequence of the crowded state of the house, there were a number of persons, as usual, leaning 011 the stage from the stalls. Amongst them was a gentleman who had a number of sheets of blank paper, upon which be was aj>parently taking notes after the manner of reporters. Soon after the curtain rose in the famous " wake" scene, this person placed his foot upon the side orchestra partition, leaped upon the stage, and, throwing himself on his knees at the feet of one of the actresses, addressed to her some fervid but incoherent terms of en dearment and promises of eternal love. Whether this passion and infatuation was of sudden growth or long standing, of i course we cannot say ; but the effect upon i the dramatis personse and audience may ! better be imagined than described. The corpse of Goun stared in amazement, the keeners were puzzled, and the audience, after comprehending the nature of the affair, burst out into yells of laughter, disapprobation, and finally applause, as the stage manager ran the offender out at the wings, where a dozen willing hands were ready to push the unfortunate wight down stairs and out at the stage entrance into the street. The gentleman so sud denly overcome by the sight of the object of bis passion is said to have once held her Majesty's commission as an officer, and has ample means. The ' Burrangong Chronicle' states that Louis Fortescue Stewart, a stranger, was stabbed on the temple in M'Graith's re staurant, Grenfell, on Wednesday night, and then dragged into the street, and found there bleeding. The sufferer is in a dangerous condition. Mrs. M'Grath has been arrested on suspicion of commit ting the offence. The ' Goulbnrn Herald' says, of flying foxes:—These pests of the orchard have made their appearance this season in large numbers, and are creating great havoc. In one very large and noted orchard, that of Mr. Hall, of Lake Batkurst, the de struction lias been so great that we under stand there will be no fruit whatever for sale this year. The losses sustained are so extensive that it has been suggested that the owners of orchards should sub scribe to a fund, and either pay so much per head for the destruction of the foxes, or offer a reward for the discovery of tlieir camping places. The ' Evening News' says :—A severe accident occurred yesterday afternoon to a man named Patrick Kennedy, who was engaged at the time pressing wool at Marsden's wool stores, Circular Quay. It appears that one of the large wooden bars used for keeping the bale in its place while under the press suddenly sprung back and struck Kennedy on the nose. His mates, finding he was bleeding very much from the nasty wound, took him to the Infirmary, where it was found the nasal cartilage had been separated from the bone by the force of the blow. After the wound received a proper dressing, the sufferer was taken home.—Yesterday af ternoon, while a young man named Daniel Callaghan, barman at Packer's Hotel, was engaged getting some ale from a cask, he unfortunately slipped on a cork, and, falling backwards, his right arm came on a broken bottle with considerable force, and a very severe wound was inflicted close to the elbow joint and penetrating to the hone. He was conveyed to the In firmary. The ' S. A. Advertiser' has been shown by J. H. Lewis a typographical curiosity. It is a large size likeness of Guttenberg, the inventor of printing, produced solely by means of full points, or, to use a term which will be better understood by some of our readers, full stops of different sizes. The details of the picture are well brought out, and the shading is admirably done. No one would suppose at a first glance that so effective and beautiful a portrait was made up of points. The curiosity comes from a German typogra phical society. The ' Wagga Express' says :—A theft, which was characterised by great rapidity of execution, was perpetrated on Friday. Mr. Peter Thomson was standing outside the Australian Hotel, talking to the bar man, when his mare broke away from the post to which she was fastened. She cantered off, and her owner immediately followed, and succeeded in catching her near the river, at the end of Tarcutta street. Notwithstanding the fact that she was hardly out of his sight from the time she broke away until she was re covered, the saddle waB stolen. Oil Thursday night a fire broke out on the premises of Mr". John Maher, Peel Hotel. The fire was first discovered by Mr. Mailer's son in a shed full of hay, which is attached to a long row of build ings almost adjoining the main building. The flames spread very rapidly, and it was only by pulling down some of the outbuildings and placing wet blankets on the main building that it was saved from destruction. The Church bell was rung ' to give the alarm, and the villagers at once turned out and worked with a will. The fire was not, however, extinguished until about .£350 worth of property had been destroyed. On Friday morning a man named James Hogan, who had pre viously threatened to " do" for Mr. Ma her, was arrested by Constable Ferris on suspicion of having set fire to the place. Hogan is now in the Bathurst lock-up. The ' Mercury' states that at a recent meeting of the Committee of the Hunter River A. and H. Association some discus cussion ensued as to what was meant by the term gambling, and it was the unani mous opinion of the members present that no games of chance of any kind should be allowed on the ground at the show. Well done ! say we. The Brisbane ' Courier' says :—It is stated that at a meeting of the Executive, held on Thursday last, the sentence of death passed by Mr. Justice Lilley, at the last Ipswich assizes, upon James Sul livau for a criminal assault of a most brutal character upon a married woman, was commuted to twenty years' penal servitude. The misguided and demo ralising clemency that has recently been exhibited by the Government to all classes of notorious criminals must soon react most injuriously upon the commu nity. If there is one class of capital of fences more than another in a sparsely peopled territory like ours which should be visited with the utmost rigour of the law, it is this worst act of criminal ruffian ism towards unprotected women. At the rate we are progressing, the sentences of our Judges will, in the estimation of our felonry, be a solemn farce, at which they can afford to smile. Yesterday, a man was summoned to the Police Court for pummelling his wife and kicking her. The gentle creature was fined five shil lings ! The cowardly ruffianism that re vels in woman-beating and brutal abuse lias evidently a very clear field with us just now. Doubtless the estimable crea tures will " make hay while the sun shines." The ' B. F. Press' says :—Mr. H. E. Page, Public School teacher at Tarana, had a very narrow eseape last week from being bitten by a snake. On his way to the Railway Station at that place he was nearly setting his foot oil the daugerous reptile, and only became aware of his danger by the animal kindly poising its head. Lnckily Mr. Page was carrying a stick with which he struck at the snake, but without effect; the reptile springing back at him, almost coining in contact with his face. Although considerably frightened, Mr. Page did not lose his presence of niind, but when the auimal was in the air struck it a severe blow on the back, rendering his snakeship hors de combat. The brute was thereupon speedily despatched, and when examined was found to be five feet long, and of a very deadly species. Sir. Page believes the reptile's fangs, when it sprang at him, were within a foot of his face.. The ' Southern Argus' says :—On Mon day a sow at the butchering establishment of the late Mr. Hugh O'Donnel, now be ing carried on by his children, of Auburn street, gave birth to a litter of pigs, and when counted it was found that there were no less a number than twenty little squeakers brought into the world, all of them white, although the mother is of an unmistakeable black colour. The 'Southland Times' (N.Z.) tells a story illustrating the admirable fituess as domestic servants of some of the late ar rivals in that colony. " One. of the Car rick Castle girls having been duly in stalled in a comfortable situation, she was asked by the lady of the house if she knew how to trim a kerosene lamp. ' Ok, yes,' was the reply, and having been shown the oil tin, she was left to her own de vices. The surprise of the thrifty liouse I wife may be imagined when, on returning [ in a short time to see how her ' help' was getting on, the latter was found coolly en gaged in pouring the oil down the chimney of the lamp." The ' G ulgong Argus' says A man named Gatos was charged with cutting and wounding a Chinese resident. Since the unfortunate man has died. It appears that Gastsos, who was known by the ap pellation of "Jimmy the Greek," sud denly attacked his victim—who was re tailing vegetables — with a tomahawk, hitting and cutting him severely on the arm and head. One wound was four and the other two inches deep. A man named Hopkins rescued the unfortunate China man from Gatsos, who then commenced cutting into the cabbages with the same tomahawk. Gatsos was subsequently ar rested and brought up on Monday, when the case was remanded to Wednesday evening, and the coroner, with a jury and some police constables, accompanied by the prisoner (Gatsos), went to the late residence of the murdered man, at Beedy Creek, with a view to hold an inquest. During the trip down to Reedy Creek the prisoner was very violent. He struck one of the constables in the face with his handcuffs, and then managed to get out of the buggy, and it was with difficulty that he was again secured. The general opinion is that the prisoner is as mad as he well can be, as there is no motive what ever that can be attributed for the com mission of the offence. A contemporary says In Melbourne a sum of £250 is voted annually for the analysis of liquors vended in the colony although, by neglect on the part of the Central Board of Health, the money does not appear to have been applied to the purpose for some years. The ' Tele graph,' remarking on the oversight, says : —Yet no money would be better spent than in systematically proceeding with such labours. The very knowledge that the oftence might be detected any time would be a check upon the drinking dens where drugging and adulteration are shrewdly suspected to be often practised. Two often we fear that villanous spirits are vended in the vile haunts of the city to semi-intoxicated men, who are thus hurried along the path to madness and death. The ' B. F. Press' says Thomas Lee, Esq., of Woodlands, has for some time past announced, by advertisement, that he intended to establish a system of an nual stock sales at Woodslands, at which he purposes to offer for public competi tion a number of the celebrated cattle well known as the " Lee Shorthorns." Tuesday was the day appointed for the first of these sales, and on that day a large number of gentlemen interested in pastoral pursuits put in an appearauce at Woodlands, some of whom became pur- : chasers to a considerable extent, and 1 others watched the proceedings with a i good deal of interest. The sale of the young bulls was then commenced ; 21 of which were sold, and realised very fair prices, averaging upwards of £32 each. Tluee of the bulls were bought by A. Towns, Esq., for .£300. There were 22 heifers and cows sold, at prices which averaged about £22 each. The well known thorough-bred mare Lilla, with a splendid colt at foot, was purchased by John Lee, Esq., for 530 guineas ; and Kate Coventry, own sister to Lilla, witli hlly at foot, was bought by J. J. Ashe, Esq., for 60 guineas. Several pens of rams, the produce of pure Mudgee ewes, by pure Tasmanian rams, were sold, at prices ranging from £2 3s. to £2 10s. each. A number of draught mares and their produce were also sold, at prices varying from 5 guineas to 33 guineas. Some other animals, not mentioned in the catalogue, were sold privately at fair rates, and on the whole it is thought that the bold experiment thus made by Mr. Lee has issued satisfactorily. The total amount realised at the sale was about £2200. The buyers were principally gen tlemen residing in our own district. The ' Rockhampton Bulletin' says : A few nights ago, Mr. E. R. Row, who re sides on the river bank, was aroused from sleep by an uncommon fluttering in his birdcage, which was tenanted by a num ber of canaries. Hastily going to the cage, lie discovered a small carpet snake inside, in the act of swallowing one of his pets. A well-aimed blow through the wire disabled the intruder, which was speedily dragged forth and killed. He had, however, previously swallowed two canaries. The ' M. and D. Advertiser' says : A ladies' cricket match will be played at Sandhurst at the forthcoming Easter fair. Sir Win. Stawell has subscribed £20 to the Ballarat bushfire fund.—A new potato disease has made its appearance in Algeria within the last year or two, and destrcyed over two-thirds of the crop — Measles are still raging in the Ballarat district, causing mnch mortality amongst the children.—The blacksmiths, wheel rights, and coach builders of St. Arnaud have agreed to stop work after 4 p.m. on Saturdays.—Mr. Archer has obtained twelve mouths' leave of absence. It is understood that Mr. Brough Sniythe will take Mr. Archer's place in the Lands Department. It is stated that Mr. Sniythe has in haud a work giving a history of the aborigines of Victoria.— Mr. and Mrs. George Cotterell (Isabella Carandmi) will appear at Castlemaine on Saturday next, when their entertainment, entitled " Masks and Faces," will be pro duced.—It is stated that a mountain of kerosene shale has been discovered be tween Lilydale and the Upper Yarra diggings. This, if true, will have the effect of reducing very considerably the ; price of gas, as this shale can be mixed in a large proportion with coal, and saves ; the expenses of gas production consider- j ably. I The ' P. D. Times' says:—The Victoria has experienced some very heavy weather I during her passage from Brisbane to Bowen, necessitating the total loss of a large portion of her deck cargo, as well as a number of horses. Extract from her" log: At 2 a.m. on the 22nd, the gale increased to great violence, with the sea running extraordinarily high. Barometer, 29*25. Some of the horses were down, when the vessel was hove-to in the hope of saving the remainder; the wind N.N.E., blowing a heavy gale; the rain coming down in torrents, so much as to totally obscure the head of the ship. Out of the thirty-one horses on board only ten were standing, the rest knocking about the ship and kicking each other to death. These were thrown overboard. Telegram from Brisbane, in 'Herald' of li th inst. :—Nine thousand acres of forfeited lands on Cecil Plains and Yan dilla Run (Toowooinba) have been pur chased by Mr. Taylor, at an upset price of 30a. per acre. . _ Ditto from Melbourne 'The opera j tion of the law relating to the prohibition of stock has been extended to June next year.—Red spiders have done great da mage to the hop plants in Tasmania. Ditto from AdelaideThe Gothen burg Relief Fund has reached £2400. The Childers has been chartered to load wheat at Port Pirie, for Great Britain, at 50s.—Three miners, named Datson, irere crushed by a fall of rock in the Moonta mines, and received severe in juries. The'Grafton Argus' says, of the Clar ence P., A., and H. Society The ninth annual exhibition of the above Society was opened on Wednesday last, 10th March. Notwithstanding the recent heavy rains and floods, and the post ponement of the show, most of the exhibits entered—which were required to be "on the first day—were to be tound. The number of visitors was very 5/2* ' there could not have been over 400 persons present during the day. The takings at the gates (from persons other than members, judges, and stewards), amounted, we understand, to £17 15s. 6d. The exhibits, if we except the de partments including ploughs, buggies &c.;, were far from creditable, either as to number or quality, and it is something surprising that in the midst of an agricul tural district so few can be found to take part in these exhibitions. The whole credit of the exhibition for agricultural exhibits of farm prodnce rested upon the shoulders of Messrs. J. Crispin, Sen., G. Crispin, H. A. Volckers, Thomas Eggins James Eggins, Edwin Eggins, and some few others; and the exhibits of sugar and sugar cane were poor indeed, con side ring that the Clarence is the very centre and head of the sugar industry, the horticultural products were anything but creditable to the district, and had it not been for Messrs. Volckers and Cris pin this section would have been empty— the only matter of interest was a few flowers, in our opinion unworthy of special notice as items', for exhibition, in the wine-producing district of the Clarence we have a few exhibits, just sufficient m number to show to the world that the district can produce wine, and an evidence of the laziness of the pro ducers. Of animal products there were but few exhibits. The section of manu factures, in which the most interest seems to have been displayed, were, with the agricultural implements, the only sav ing of the credit of the show. The build ing was but poorly filled, and, but for the articles entered as non- competitive, would have had a veiy uninteresting appearance. The receipts at the gate yesterday, for ad mission of visitors, amounted to £78 15s. 2d., which, with the first day's receipts, makes a total of £98 10s. 8d. Some 1200 persons were present yesterday. Newcastle Pilot' says :—Alexan der Kirkaldy was charged with knowingly permitting prostitutes to assemble in his licensed house, the Prince of Wales Ho tel, on the 13th inst. He pleaded guilty. Evidence having been taken, the Bench inflicted a penalty of £5, and costs of court, 8s. 6d., to be levied by distress ; or, in default, one month in gaol. A Merriwa cor. writes to tlie ' Mer cury' :—A boy, aged eleven years, came in here this evening, who has been bitten by a small lead -coloured snake. The boy's name is Thomas Henry Phipps, living on Widdin Creek, Goulburn River, 28 miles from Merriwa. It appears that the boy was lying down to get a drink of water out of the creek ; he put his hand on the snake, which turned up and bit liira on the corner of the left eyebrow. The boy ran home to his mother, who scarified the part with a razor, then applied spirits of ammonia, and gave him ten drops to drink. His father, living 16 miles away, was informed, and took him in to Mer riwa to Dr. Lowson ; he put on a little caustic, but thought no further medical aid was then necessary. The boy is out of danger, but the poor little fellow's face is still much swollen and his eye quite black. This is another proof of how requisite it is for people living in the bush to have, and to know how to use, spirits of ammonia, for fear of such acci dents. The Aberdeen cor. of the 'Mercury' writes :—At Aberdeen Church on Sunday night last some little excitement was cre ated by a black snake appearing in the rear of the Rev. J. Shaw as he was read ing the service. A portion of the congre gation left the building for a short time, but returned on finding the creature had retreated to the shelter of a box at the far end of the church, and was disposed to be peaceable. Several times it put out its head, and glided backwards and for wards. Tlie protection afforded by King David to sparrows and swallows about the temple does not extend to snakes in churches, and after service preparations were made for killing this one, but it had mysteriously disappeared. The ' Mercury' says :—Richard Ram say, about 50 years of age, met with a se rious accident, at Mcrpeth, on Friday night last. He left Sucker's Hotel about 8, rather under the influence of liquor, and was not again seen till the next morn ing, when he was found in an uncon scious state on the lower road. It ap pears that after leaving Suckers, instead of going into Morpeth, Ramsay went in the direction of Maitlaud. Soon after passing the stone house on the side of the road, he must have fallen over the quarry, and fallen a distance of 21 feet. From the appearance of the place, it is supposed he came on to his feet, and afterwards fell forward on to his face. He was taken to the Maitland Hospital, and is believed to be suffering from compression of tlie brain. A paper on the Murray says :—Bee hunting is a profitable occupation in some parts of the bush, and many of the smaller settlers add considerably to their incomes by securing the honey laid up by the swarms of bees that have betaken them selves to the bnsh. During the present season a farmer in the Mitta Mitta dis trict procured and forwarded to market two tons of honey, for which he received returns at the rate of £25 per ton, solely from the hives that he found in the forest trees in his neighbourhood. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :—There was a providential escape from another shocking accident on the Great Northern Line, yesterday. A horse and cart driven by a man in the employ of Mr. David Miller, storekeeper, of Hunter- street, was crossing the line at the foot of Newcomen street to proceed to the wharf, and had just entered tlie gates, when a locomotive was put in motion a few yards from the crossing. The position was such that the dray could not recede, and the driver's only course was to clear the line on the wharf side as quickly as possible. This he succeeded in doing, but met with a most extraordinary escape. The engine was so close to the dray that the buffer caught one of the felloes of the wheel, and the vehicle was actually in this way pushed some distance before it was clear of danger. If the buffer had caught the spokes instead of the felloe, the probabi lity is that the man and horse would have been killed. The ' Cumberland Times' says :—A paragraph has been going the rounds of the Country Press to the effect that the Hon. Henry Parkes, having accepted the post of Australian correspondent to the London ' Times' at an annual salary of £2000, will for the future reside in Mel bourne, in order to secure the advantages afforded by its more central situation for plying his new vocation. It is true that the office of correspondent to the 'Times,' with the salary named, was offered to that gentleman ; but, notwithstanding that he is gifted in an extraordinary degree with the qualifications necessary to make an admirable newspaper correspondent, the liberal offer was declined; and Mr. Parkes will continue to fill his natural position of Leader of the New South Wales House of Assembly ; whether he be Minister or in the Opposition. The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says :—Yes terday morning a valuable grey horse was feeding on Captain Allan's hill, and ven turing too near the edge of the cliff, he slipped and fell over. Death was almost instantaneous, and probably the poor brute broke his neck in the fall. The distance the horse fell was about thirty feet. Who the owner of the horse is we have not been able to ascertain. The Melbourne ' Argus' says :—On Wednesday afternoon a man passing along James-street, Prahran, observed a woman hanging by a handkerchief fast ened round her neck and the post of a fence. She was black in the face, and ap parently on the point of death, but on be ing cut down and attended to by a doctor appeared in a fair way of recovery. From an examination made by the police, it was concluded that the woman had attempted suicide, and that she had mounted on a stone lying near, and, after fastening the handkerchief, had kicked away the stone. Mr. W. A. B. Greaves, in writing to the ' Herald' on the pleuro controversy, concludes his letter thus:—It has been said by the opponents of inoculation that the majority of stockowners are unfavour able to compulsory measures. To this I hesitate not to give unqualified denial, being convinced that fully seven-tenths are in favour of inoculation. I do not think a practised drover would consider it safe to trust a mob of cattle a long journey; for, however healthy they might be at starting, he would on the first convenience inoculate ; and I do not care how healthy in all appearance a mob might he at starting, symptoms of disease would show itself after long driv ing. There is no question but the disease is epidemic and highly contagious—it is also endemic, for experience shows that we shall never be entirely free from it. I have known it to break out in isolated spots where infection was not possible. I quite agree with "Inoculator" when he says that infection is kept alive by owners who refuse to inoculate their herds, and not only keep diseased cattle on their runs to the grievous loss and injury of their neighbours, but start mobs on the road to spread the infection right and left in all directions wherever they go. It has been said also that, as a con- i sequence attending inoculation, more than a fair proportion of a breeding herd are temporarily unprolific. I believe that quite one-tliird of the calves borne during the epidemic season die very young, and are therefore never taken into account. Those who use the chest virus will find it quite as efficacious as that taken from the diseased lung, and so long as it preserves its consistency it is fit to use. Telegram from Melbourne, in ' Herald' of 18th inst. :—A young woman, named Hindmarsh, was burned to death at Gee loiig through her clothes taking fire.—The largest winners at the late race meeting are Mr. J. Watt, Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap, .£1275 ; Mr. J. Tait, .£790; Mr. Wilson, £1082 ; and Mr. Winch, £242. The total amount paid away was £5353.—Fairclongh, the tragedian, is insolvent.— An accountant named Williams is arrested on a charge of forgeiy.—Chevalier Brano, an Italian gentleman, applied to the Minister for Lands for 2000 acres of land for sericul tural purposes. Ditto from Adelaide :—News has been received from Palmerston, stating that the Flying Cloud has returned from Port Essington, and reporting that Permain and Borodaile, the explorers, have been murdered by the blacks.—The Gothen burg Relief Fund has reached £3000. The same issue says:—An old man named Hubbard, residing in Elizabetli street, when about to close a door of his house on Monday night, tripped over a form which was iu his way, and fell, breaking his left shoulder. He was taken to the Infirmary.—Yesterday, at the Water Police Court, a publican in Oxford street was fined £2, with 5s. Gd. costs, in default seven days in gaol, for allowing billiards to be played in his inn without a license. It appeared that the defendant had taken out a bagatelle license costing £5, and that he procured a billiard-baga telle table, on which he allowed billiards to be played without having first obtained the necessary license, which costs twice that of a bagatelle license—namely, £10. Three cases of a like kind were postponed for a fortnight.—There are no class of men who suffer greater hardships, and yet " hope on," as gold diggers do. In the course of his comments on the prospects of the claims at Parkes our correspondent says :—" To show the metal of these men, I know one man who has had no meat for a week, and another who was working the last fortnight on nothing but bread and water. He bottomed a dufler, and of course had to 'cave in.'" The ' Herald' of 18th instant says :— Yesterday, at the Central Police Court, Mary Ryan was charged with unlawfully and maliciously wounding. Joseph Willis, of Liverpool-street, butcher, deposed that about 10 o'clock in theeveuing of the 16th instant, finding prisoner in his house, he said to his wife, " I am surprised to see you have this woman here," and imme diately she (prisoner) threw at him a tumbler with such force that it cut his hat, and penetrated to his head, inflicting a wound that for a time rendered him unconscious ; she also threw a bucket at him ; he was taken to the Infirmary by Constable Quigley. Dr. Halket deposed that Willis was brought to the Infir mary between eleven and twelve o'clock on the night of the 10th inst., having a scalp wound on the left side, over the parietal bone, of two inclieB and a half in length ; the true skin and muscle were divided *, such a wound might have been caused by a blow from a broken glass tumbler. Defendant called two witnesses, who contradicted the prosecutor; they swore that prisoner did not throw a tum bler, and that there was no tumbler in the place for her to throw. Committed for trial at the Quarter Sessions. The Parramatta cor. of the 'Herald' writes :—On the morning of the 17tl» inst. Mr. Joseph Smith, of Rouse Hill, gave information to Constable Grace that on the previous day he had discovered human bones lying in the buBh. Grace accom panied Mr. Smith to the spot referred to, which is away among the rocks, about a mile and a half back in the bush from Mr. Seatb's, Windsor Road, and is distant about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Geo. Hunter's residence. There, lying scat tered about over a space of some four or five yards, he found the bones of a man apparently about six feet in height, and also some portions of clothing, in a de cayed state. He examined the skull and found it uninjured ; two of the teeth were gone, but the others were sound. He could notice nothing to arouse suspicion of foul play. Under the shelter of a rock near, some dry fern and brushwood were spread about, as if it had been used for a sleeping place ; and under the same rock, wrapped in what appeared to be a pillow slip, were found two white shirts, one pair moleskin trousers, one vest, and one pair of elastic-side boots ; excepting one shirt and the boots, all were quite rotten. A tobacco pipe was on a ledge of the rock. There is no scarcity of water in the lo cality, as a constantly running creek passes within one hundred yards of it. The cir cumstances were reported to the Coroner at Parramatta, who gave an order for in terment. No clue whatever has been ob tained as to the deceased's name. Its Mudgee cor. writes :—There have been several complaints in this district lately concerning the destruction of sheep by tame dogs ; and, in fact, the evil has grown to such an extent that a legisla tive enactment of some kind or other will be required for its suppression. During the past week thirty-four valuable young ewes—worth fully £2 each—have been destroyed at Mr. James Atkinson's Grat tai Station. These sheep were running in enclosed paddocks. The man in charge, on going his usual rounds, saw some of the sheep lying dead, evidently worried by dogs, and waited beside a flock all night with a loaded gun.. Towards morn ing, two large kangaroo dogs made an at tack on the lock, and killed or maimed several in a few minutes, though eventu ally the man on watch was fortunate enough to pot one of the brutes. These tame dogs are becoming almost as bad to fiockmas ters as the dingo formerly was. It seems that when a tame dog has once commenced killing sheep there is no cure for him but an ounce of lead ; and certainly persons keeping dogs known to be guilty of such a destructive habit deserve to be heavily mulcted for any damages the brutes may do.—During the past week, Mr. Robert Lowe, of Wilbetree, was offered by an other well-known local breeder the sum of £2000 for his prize bull Sir Robert and 3 yearling heifers by Sir Robert. High as this offer seems, Mr. Lowe refused it. The ' Western Advocate' says :—The Committee of the Orange Hospital con sists of some seventy-five gentlemen, and yet the whole work of management de volves upon half a dozen.—We learn that a resident of this district, named Pearse, has recently received the intelligence that he is the inheritor of a large fortune of £120,000. Mr. Pearse is a selector on Mandagery Creek, and is making arrange ments, by the disposal of his farm, to pro ceed home to secure this fortunate wind fall. An association has been formed at Too woomba for the extirpation of thistles and burrs. The sum of £90 was subscribed in the room. The ' Narrabri Herald' says:—On Fri day a large carpet snake was discovered in Mr. James Lillyman, Senior's, garden, at Deep Creek, closely embracing in .its powerful coils the body of a cat. It is surmised, from the fact of a crijjpled kit ten being found close by, that the reptile liad marked it for its prey, and that the mother, attempting to defend her off spring, had paid the penalty of her rash ness in the deadly embrace in which she was discovered. The snake was killed.— Again a week without rain ! Matters pas toral are looking bad indeed. No grass worth mentioning. Water on the back blocks failing, in spite of the late limited supply, for the soil soaks it up, and the dry hot weather evaporates it too fast. All down the river the complaint is the same, no grass, too little water. On parts of the plains, as we hear, there is a fair amount of feed, but there the water is more scarce than elsewhere, and stock owners are much troubled in spirit. A cold winter coming on us, with no change for the better in the interim, will leave plenty of bones bleaching in the spring, and that seems all too probable.—Teams are coming in fast. Drivers report travel ling as being very good, and grass and water plentiful until within some twenty miles distance from this. The arrival of supplies is most opportune, the stores having begun to run short of several lines.—Another old resident of this dis trict has gone to his rest. John Sparrow, for 20 years in the employment of Mr. Charles Eather, of Henriendi, died last Sunday, in the Hospital, of cancer in the Btomacli, after having been, twelve weeks ailing.—Notwithstanding the repeated as sertions of certain persons—who evidently have good reasons for making them—that wheat growing will never prove a success in these parts, we are compelled by ocu lar demonstration to arrive at a different conclusion.—Our township is not, as a rule, much troubled by visitors in the form of snakes, but on Tuesday evening a black one, some three feet long, was discovered iu the verandah of Mr. J. C. Williams's dwelling house. A poker, scientifically applied, stopped further in trusion, or possibly the unwelcome one might have discovered his wliereabonts in a far more unsatisfactory manner and have necessitated a resort to Professor Hal ford's remedy. The same journal's Walgett cor. writes : —Since my last some heavy showers have fallen,'and done some real service. The Barwon rose to quite half a " banker," but it has now ceased rising.—On the 9th instant the preliminary examination of " Tommy," an aboriginal, for killing an other aboriginal in a camp brawl at Bog ree, on the C'astlereagh River, was con cluded, and the accused is committed to the next Circuit Court at Tamworth on the charge of murder.—An inquest was held yesterday before the Coroner, on the bod}" of a Chinaman named Jimmy Tage. who was found suspended in his cell by the neck, where he had been con fined awaiting escort to take his trial for stabbing another Chinaman. The jury returned a verdict of felo de se. The * Mudgee Times' states that re cently an accident occurred at Rylstone. David, aged about 15 years, son of Saml. Fenton, farmer, at Camboon, was remov ing a loaded gun from the floor of a dray which he had been driving, when the trigger was caught by one of the planks of the floor of the dray, and the gun, which was charged with heavy shot, and pointed towards him, exploded. The in juries the lad received were calculated to be fatal. The shot penetrated just above the left hip, in a line with the false ribs, one of which it carried away. The dis charge also inflicted a wound three inches in diameter, and another about one inch in diameter. Dr. Cutting was sent for and attended the unfortunate youth, who had the remarkable presence of mind to press both his hands against the gap in his sides, for a distance of some twenty" yards, the blood literally oozing between his fingers. The Hay cor. of the 1 Pastoral Times' states that a claim for £156, damages for loss of time, &c.;, through breach of agree ment, was brought against Messrs. Blew ett & Co. by a carrier named Tom Fox. Mr. Blewett gave Fox two loads of wire for Dine Dine station, paying him at the rate of £16 per ton, as despatch was ur gent. He also gave him an order to re ceive full loads of wool to bring into Hay at £8 per ton. When Fox got to Dine Dine—and the journey occupied seven weeks—he found that the wool had been sent to Sydney, contrary to Mr. Blewett's anticipations. In reply to a letter received from Fox to this effect, and asking for other loading, Mr. Blewett sent him an order for full loads of wool at Cudgeliico at £6 10s. per ton, but he refused this and other offers, holding out for compensation, and the Judge favoured this view of the case. Fox had received some £40 for wool carriage on his way back from an other person. The Judge gave a verdict for £72 and costs. His Honor said that, according to law, the plaintiff could have turned round when he found he could get no wool at Dine Dine, come back to Hay empty, and demanded the carriage of two loads of wool at £8 per ton. The' Tamworth News' says, in conclud ing a leading article on the Speakership : —We think the late Premier, Mr. Parkes, should be elected Speaker. His special abilities—his great command over men and over himself—his moderation in adju dicating in matters that can have no pri vate interest for him—his large experi ence of public life—all point to him as the individual who would fill the chair of the Assembly with the greatest dignity; who would be best qualified to support his rul ings because he has carefully studied all the best works on "rulings;" and who would be neither too friendly nor too repelling to the members of the House. We do not know whether Mr. Parkes would accept the office if it were offered to him ; he may possibly desire to fight on in the van of Opposition ; but as he is not a young man, and as clever young men can be found to do the fighting, we honestly think Mr. Parkes ought to be elected Speaker, and accept the office when elected. The same journal says At the Police Court, on Wednesday, John Curtis was brought up in custody, supposed to be of unsound mind. He was observed by Constable Waters, sitting opposite Mr. Nancarrow's shop in Peel-street, tossing small pieces of lead, and calling them dice. The constable's evidence goes on : —I asked him what he was doing there ; lie replied " He did not believe in the po lice authorities, and lie had saints who would do all the work he required." I asked him where he would lodge that ] night. He said he " would stop that night under the big bridge, and that he had been up all the previous night giving orders to the saints to wash the bridge down, but they wouldn't do it." I asked him what was the last work he had done ? and he said he "had just finished the Tower of Babylon n Heaven, that he had hundreds of millions of money, and was not going to work any more." I saw him about four weeks ago, and beseemed sane | enough then. On the prayer of the pro- i secuting constable, the defendant was re manded for further evidence.—On Tues day evening last, a successful tea meeting j took place, in the Mechanics' Institute, the proceeds of the entertainment being devoted to the reduction of the debt on the Tamworth Wesleyan Circuit. At the public meeting which followed, the Chair man, Mr. John Denning, on behalf of the circuit office bearers and a few others, presented the Rev. Mr. Gray with a copy of' Chambers's Encyclopaedia,' in 10 vols., as he would shortly be leaving the Tam worth circuit. The rev. gentleman made a suitable reply, and in concluding his ad dress he adverted to the debt upon the Tamworth circuit, describing how it had accumulated till it had reached a total of £84. They had, however, received a grant of £40, which left a balance of £44 to be met. The proceeds of the tea meeting reduced the debt to about £33. (Subsequently a special collection was made.) He then said the last effort they could make that night had brought down the Circuit debt to £2317s. 9d.—On Mon day last there was held a magisterial en quiry into the circumstances surrounding the death of a woman named Johanna Brady, who in life resided with her hus band, John Brady, at a point on the Peel River, about 12 miles upwards from Tam worth—on the grazing run known as Pial lamore, of which Mr. John Gill is the les see. From the evidence of Mrs. Ayre, who lives about two miles from Brady's hut, it appeared that she was, on Sunday last, between 3 and 4 p.m., near Brady's, and met a little boy, son of Brady. "With him she went to Brady's hut, and there found Mrs. Brady lying on a bed, with blood oozing from her mouth, and appa rently in great agony. She was conscious, and recognised Mrs. Ayre. The poor wo man, when found, was calling feebly to her daughter not to leave her. At inter vals she uttered a short prayer, and, half an-liour after Mrs. Ayre's appearance, she died. Two persons soon after came to the hut, and by them Sirs. Ayre sent infor mation of the occurrence to the Tam worth police. The evidence of the hus band and a daughter having been taken, Dr. Wood deposed that a post-mortem examination of deceased disclosed that the lungs were much diseased, there being large tubercular deposits on, several cavi ties in, and congestion at the base of, both lungs. The heart was small, weak, and there was excessive fatty degeneration ; in the stomach there were three ulcers, one of which had nearly perforated the coats of the stomach. The stomach con tained some dark blood, from a burst blood vessel in one of the ulcers. The diseased state of the organs was sufficient to account for death. Dr. Wood at tributed death to fatal syncope as the immediate cause; and stated there was nothing to indicate strychnine poisoning. The magistrate's opinion was that the death of Johanna Brady was the result of natural causes. The ' Singleton Argus' gives the report of a singular case heard lately at the Dis trict Court there. F. Filmore v. J. Lott. This was an action for scandalous, malici ous, and defamatory language used by the defendant, a policeman stationed at Sin gleton, against the plaintiff, Frances Lott, an unmarried female, residing in the same town; damages, £10. Mr. Thompson, for plaintiff, offered to accept an apology. Defendant, who conducted his own de fence, declined to make any. It appeared that Constable Spence was courting plain tiff, but, owing to a statement made by Constable Lott to him, the contemplated match was broken off. It was to the ef I feet that Miss Filmore had had a child, which was being kept by her sister. Plaintiff and her sister flatly denied any thing of the kind ; and all defendant could depose to was this :—That he had heard the report about plaintiff having had a child, and told Spence as a friend, advis ing him at the same time to see if there was any truth in it; Spence thanked him, and said he would see all about it; plain tiff asked him who were the authors of the report 1 he told her that Betsy Brown and a young man from Muscle Brook stated it; he fully believed that the plaintiff was to be married to Spence. It was explained that the light damages claimed were on account simply of clear ing the plaintiff's character, and because defendant, from being married and his humble position, could not pay heavy damages if they were awarded. Judge Wilkinson gave plaintiff a verdict for the full amount, allowing defendant a month for its payment.—A large meeting of the parishioners of St. Paul's, West Maitland, was held on Thursday evening. Much indignation was expressed at the removal of the pipes from the organ, and it was decided to offer £50 reward for the con viction of the offenders ; also to ask the Government to supplement the reward. All sects contribute towards tlie amount. The ' Newcastle Chronicle' says :— Shortly after five o'clock yesterday after noon, a child about two years old, a son of Mr. Peter Street, of Lake Macquarie Road, fell into a tank at the rear of his premises, the lid of which had been care lessly left up. Fortunately Mrs. Street missed the little fellow a few moments after he had fallen in, and running to the tank, for she suddenly thought of it, there saw him struggling in the water. Mr. Street was near at hand, and at con siderable personal risk jumped in and res cued his son, who by this time was appa rently drowned. Dr. Read was very fortunately in the vicinity of the occur rence, and promptly responded to the call. In a very short time animation was restored, and we understand the sufferer is able to run about as usuaL Saturday's ' Pilot' says :—The friends of Mr. James Hannell, J.P., entertained that gentleman at a public banquet in the Druids' Hall, Lambton, on Thursday evening, in recognition of his services while M.P. for Northumberland. The occasion was also taken advantage of to present to Mrs. Hannell a more substan tial expression of approval in the shape of a full length portrait of Mr. Hannell, painted in oils by Mr. W. Reay, of Lamb ton. At the banquet there were about one hundred present, including several ladies. The * Braidwood Dispatch' says :—One day last week a young man named Rolph was thrown from his horse and had his collar-bone broken, in the bush, not many miles from Shoalhaven. Having heard of the skill as a surgeon of Dr. Llewellyn, of this town, he preferred riding a dis tance of 80 miles, in the painful condition J he was, than trusting himself to any other I practitioner. He accordingly rode this dis j tance to Braidwood, consulted the doctor, and is now going on well. The * D. D. Gazette' says:—Tent Hill Station has been sold by Mr. J. V. Jen kins, of Ipswich, in conjunction with Mr. J. W. Grimes, of Toowoomba, for 40s. per acre. The ' Murrurundi Times' says :—It will 1 be remembered by many of onr readers that some four years ago a destructive plague of mice occurred on Liverpool Plains. The mice appeared in thousands and did immense damage. We are now called upon to chronicle a similar visita tion, but not of mice—this time crickets are the usurpers. They are of the ordi nary size and colour, and literally infest the houses. They have a particular liking for clothing, boots, and leather of any de scription—saddles and harness suffering dreadfully from their inroads. Fruit trees are attacked, apple-trees being the favourites, and the bark eaten off—leav ing them to wither and die. Clothes taken off at night, and not hung up, are found in the morning to be riddled with holes, eaten by these pests during the night. If bung up, happily they are not touched. The crickets appear to be travelling in the direction of Murrurundi, but as tliey have been on the plains for two months, it is not improbable that they may remain there. The grass does not ap pear to be affected by them, although ex isting in such numbers, but household goods do not escape so luckily. A snake was killed a few days ago in the locality, and within the short space of two hours they had left nothing visible of it but the bones. During the night time the crickets are exceedingly active, molesting persons in bed, and almost rendering it impossible to go to sleep. They are very partial to the hair of one's head, and have eaten off j such quantities from some persons, that they are said to be becoming quite bald J Children are attacked, and frequently have pieces of skin bitten out of them. It is gratifying to remark that while this alarming state of things exists on the plains, the residents there have nothing else to trouble them, being entirely free from sickness, while it abounds in almost every other locality.—A narrow escape from death occurred on Saturday night last in this town, through a table spoonful of lotion containing carbolic acid having been administered to a child in mistake for other medicine. A child of Mr. M. Murray, having suffered lately from an attack of the measles, the mother went to give it some medicine, and in mistake took tip the wrong bottle, which coutained carbolic acid. The child complained of the dose being nasty, bnt the mother thought it was only the usual complaint on such occasions, and enforced its accept ance. On turning round, however, she observed her mistake, and at once gave the alarm. Dr. Knowles was immedi ately sent for and administered remedies, which providentally proved successful, aud the child is now enjoying its accustomed health. Luckily there were only 1.0 minims of acid in the quantity of lotion given.— Recently, we are informed, a snake bit a calf belonging to Mr. Gainee, of Dough boy Hollow Creek, at the same place that the snake bit Miss Gainee a few weeks since. The young lady saw the occur rence, and immediately went into fits, turning quite blue. After some time, with the use of restoratives, she was brought to consciousness, but suffered much from the effects of the fits. They are supposed to have been produced by sympathy, on seeing the calf bitten. The animal died soon after receiving the bite. —On Monday a man, who was clearing land at Wingen, had the misfortune to cut himself on the front part of the knee cap, with an axe, which caused the leg to swell to an enormous size. He was con veyed into town, where he was attended by Dr. Gordon, and yesterday he was sufficiently recovered to proceed home.— A brother-in-law of Mr. Ferrif's, engaged in his lemonade manufactory, was cut by a bottle bursting, which he was corking, the broken glass dividing an artery in the left arm. Dr. Gordon is in attendance, and the patient is in a fair way of reco very.—A plum tree, presented by Mr. W. Brook to Dr. Gordon some few months ago, with six different kinds of plums grafted upon it, this season, in the usual course, bore six kinds. It is- now in full blossom again.- At the Police Court, J. G. Baker v. J. Morden. Complaint for stealing nine saplings from the estate of H. C. -White, Glenalvon, valued at 9s. Mr. Abbott appeared for the complainant, and stated that it was a common practice for the men on the railway line to take saplings and trees off the estate of Mr. White. Defendant's was only one out of hundreds of cases. If defendant would plead guilty, they did not wish to press the charge, but to prevent a repetition of such conduct. Plea, guilty ; but defend ant did not think it any harm to take a few saplings for his hut. The Bench fined defendant Is., 6s. 6d. costs of court, and 10s. 6d. professional costs. Mr. Ab bott wished their worships to point out what these men subjected themselves to. One man had even been selling timber off ■ the land. They had no desire to punish the defendant, but to prevent the trees being interfered with. Their worships remarked that the defendant could be im prisoned with hard labour for twelve months for cutting down the trees. The fine was paid.—J. G. Baker v. Win. Staf fordshire. Complaint for cutting bark off trees to the value of 5s., the property of H. C. White. Mr. Abbott appeared for the complainant, and said that Mr. Baker did not wish to press this case either, but only to teach these men that they could not interfere with the trees on the estate. It was a similar case to the last. Defend ant said he did not think it any harm to take the bark off the trees, as the others were ring-barked. Mr. Abbott said that this made the offence greater than the other, for the very trees Mr. White or Mr. Luke wished to leave for shade had been killed by defendant. The Bench in flicted a fine of Is., 6s. 6d. costs of court, and 10s. 6d. professional costs. The fine was paid.—The settling up for the Mur rurundi races took place at the Royal Hotel, when the various amounts were paid over—Mr. A. E. Cornewell receiving £86, Mr. J. Tracey £30, Mr. George Ross £20, Mr. A. M'Nulty £10, and Mr. A. Wood £3.—A horticultural show is held at Murrurundi twice a year. The second one was held in the School of Arts on Tuesday last. The weather was auspi cious for the occasion, and a large number of persons attended during the afternoon and evening to inspect the exhibits, the building being tolerably well filled in the evening. Two musicians were engaged to enliven the scene, who kept up an almost constant strain of melody. Although the show was said by many not to be equal to its predecessor, it may be looked upon as very successful. The number of special prizes was large. The Brisbane 1 Telegraph' says :—We are informed that just previous to the Hibernian Band starting for Government House on St. Patrick's Eve, to serenade the Governor, it was discovered that the crown painted on the drum had been erased with green paint, by some mis creant, who probably desired by that Sloans to give a vent to his prejudices. Great indignation at the outrage was ex pressed, and the band committee have determined to take immediate steps to dis cover and punish the perpetrator. The 1 Hamilton Spectator' says:—A son of Mr. Gray, who is in the employ of Mr. Pearson, the "baker, experienced a sensa tion of sickness, and vomited a quantity of stuff in a basin. Three live insects re sembling scorpions were floating about in the fluid ejected, aud having been pre served and fed on bread crumbs, they have become particularly lively. It is believed the germs were swallowed in drinking pure water, and the affair is sup posed to throw some light upon the de velopment of hydatids in the human frame. Saturday's ' Mercury' says :—A public meeting convened by the Mayor was held in the School of Arts, West Maitland, on Thursday night, for the purpose of rais ing a fund for the relief of those injured by the late flood. A letter was received from the Bishop of Newcastle enclosing his cheque for £10. A letter to a simi lar effect was read from the sec. to the Bishop of Maitland. A numberof lengthy speeches were delivered. - The full Court has decided to postpone the hearing of free-selection cases, Joa chim v. O'Shanassy, until the October Sittings. The ' Goulburii Herald' states that re cently an inquest was held on the body of Isaac Barker, aged 74. The deceased, who was living with his brother, was be coming childish and losing his sight. He left with two horses and a swag for Wood houselee. Three days after one of the horses returned home, and his swag was afterwards found. On Wednesday the body was found in a dry creek, Baker having apparently got benighted, and fallen over the bank, a distance of 16 or 18 feet. An open verdict was returned. A contemporary says :—An accident oc curred recently to William Crossie, aged 70, a settler residing at Spring Valley. He was returning from Goulburn, fell into the excavation caused by the floods at the Bridge on the Bangalore road, and sustained severe injuries. He lay there with the water running under him. till i next morning, when he was rescued by j Mr. Neely, Jun. His lower extremities 1 were paralysed, and he also received se vere contusions and internal injuries. Friday's ' Herald' says :—At a meeting of the Executive Committee of the floods fund, held at the office of Mr. Pidding ton, M.L.A., the Rev. Dr. Lang in the chair, the sum of one hundred and fifty pounds was granted to the Morpeth peo ple, and several small sums to individual sufferers on the M'Donald River.—At the Quarter Sessions, Singleton, a man named Henry Smith was sentenced to twenty four hours' imprisonment, and to find sureties to keep the peace for twelve months, for having attempted to commit suicide.—David Kiss, charged by A. P. Rndd with having at Melbourne, in Sept. last, by means of a certain false pretence, that he was possessed of 2000 head of cattle, obtained the sum of £7500 ; and Thomas Brown, charged by J. S. Pearson with having, on a similar representation, obtained the sum of £3000, were yester day discharged from custody for want of prosecution. I Telegram from the Clarence Heads, in Friday's ' Herald' :—The schooner Eu roka, of Sydney, is broken up on the rocks near Sandon River. A body very much decomposed, and two front teeth gone, was found on the beach, a mile North of the river. It was buried by Troopers Travers and Tysoe. Files of papers belonging to Captain Roberts were picked up, and also a pocket-book of one named H. Peterson, containing three photographs and two letters addressed care of Mrs. Thomas, Union-street, off Erskine-streefc, Sydney. Ditto from Melbourne :—All the fami lies of those lost in the Gothenburg who are residents in and around Melbourne are, with two exceptions, left unprovided for.—Professor Halford has received £500 from the Government for the purpose of making experiments with snake-bite re medies.—A cricket match between Tas mania and Bendigo was won by the for mer in one innings, with 15 runsto spare. —The Criminal Court was occupied all day, on the trial of Philip Dobell, on a charge of murder at Lilydale. Prisoner was acquitted.—New Zealand : Advices received from Mr. Vogel state that the last New Zealand loan has not been nego tiated on such favourable terms as the previous ones. The moa deception has been revived. The Exhibition Commis sion has been promised a full collection from Fiji. Letters received by the mail state that Mr. Aspinall has quite reco vered in England. Ditto from Adelaide :—William Young, a partner in the firm of Drew & Co., died suddenly, of apoplexy.—Henry Robinson, an old colonist, is dead. The 'Herald'says:—The "retributive" policy of the Bank of New Zealand has already produced a different result to what was anticipated by the directors of that institution. They caused some sen sation in Australia by offering C per cent, for deposits. They have been met by a still bolder move on the part of the Bank of Australasia in giving 7 per cent, for money in New Zealand. This conflict between the monetary institutions may at any moment produce most serious results. It is literally playing with fire. The de posit business of colonial banks is of so gigantic a character that it cannot he tri fled with at the caprice of any single board of directors ; and it is probable that nothing will tend sooner to end the pre sent contest than the determined position taken by a bank with such resources as the Australasia.—We understand that Mr. H. M. Whitehead, the managing di rector of the " Whitehead Company (li mited)," has arrived in the colony with large credits, with the view of consider ably extending the manufacture of pre served meats at Broadwater. Saturday's ' Herald' says :—Daniel Cal laghau, lately employed at Packer's Hotel, and who was on Monday last admitted into the Infirmary suffering from injuries accidentally received, died in that institu tion on Thursday night.—A carpenter named Christian Norman, aged 24 years, while cutting wood, yesterday, with an American axe, met with an accident through the axe slipping and cutting liis right ankle. A boy named Hayden Swan fell on a piece of glass bottle and cut his abdomen severely. Both of these persons were taken to the Infirmary.—Yesterday, William Wanton, a boy, was playing with gunpowder, throwing it into a fire, and a spark from the fire alighting on the gun powder caused an explosion, which in jured the boy's face and right arm, and also set fire to his shirt. The injuries are not very serious, but the boy was taken to the Infirmary. The ' Wellington Gazette' states that at Warren an old man, named Hill, in the employ of Mr. James Yeo, innkeeper, as gardener, cut his throat in his own room, and was quite dead when discovered. It ■appears he had been ill for some time, and had a notion he ought not to be a trouble to other people, and preferred death by his own hand rather than be a burden. The deceased was a steady, ; hearty man, 72 years old. j Telegram from Brisbane, in Saturday's ' Herald':—Leave has been granted (with the usual reservations) to appeal to the Privy Council in several ejectment (land) cases on the Darling Downs.—The Go vernor Biackall (s.) reports that a schooner was ashore two miles East of Camden Head on Wednesday morning. The wea ther was thick ; and the crew were appa rently discharging cargo. Ditto from Melbourne In the Lilly dale case, contrary to the Jutlge's sum niing up, the jury found a verdict of man slaughter, andliisHonorseutenced prisoner to only twenty-four hours' imprisonment, which expired before the rising of the Court. The Rev. Alfred Penny, the new Bishop of Melanesia, is a passenger 011 board the steamship Great Britain. Mr. Tippett, a contractor, was drowned at Bream Creek, near Gcelong, durinc a pic-nic. A ^ man was found with °liis throat cut, in the Treasury Gardens, this morning ; he stated that he was twenty years superintendent of police in Queens land, and that he had recently come to this colony.—Messrs. Gibson and Co. held a large sale of short-horns and Herefords to-day for Messrs. Robertson, Brothers, °f ^°lac- There was a large attendance of buyers and breeders from all the colo nies. The biddings were spirited, and prices in excess of those obtained last year. Shorthorn bulls brought up to 510 guineas eachj heifers, 450 guineas ; Hereford hulls, 550 guineas ; heifers, 250 guineas. The sum total for between 300 and 400 animals was over J20,G00. The same issue says :—The receipts of gold by Government escort during the four weeks ending the 28th ultimo were smaller than those of any month since August, 18/0. The total only amounted to 13,1(5 ozs., of which 10,115 ozs. came from the Western mines, 2193 from the Southern, and 807 from the Northern. Such a marked decrease as this is due to want of water rather than to any actual falling-off in the yield. The metal was there, but there was no water to separate it from the wash-dirt. As compared with the corresponding month of 1874 there is a deficiency of over 3000 ozs., and on comparison with the first mouth of this year we find that the February receipts were 10,041 ozs. less.—Tin- is unaltered ; nearly all the ore coming to hand is re quired to complete contracts, and the market is consequently less affected than it has been by fluctuations in England. The ' M. and D. Advertiser'says :—Mr. Morton was recently offered £20,000 for 20 head of cattle.—Di\ J. G. Beaney, of Collins-street, has forwarded a cheque for 100 guineas to the Mayor of Melbourne for the Gothenburg Fund.—Mr. W. C. Weekes, the railway porter who gave up his platform on the railway station to mount the stump, is in very distressed circumstances at Melbourne. Mr. Weekes was a member of the Assembly represent ing the Ovens district for many years.— A case illustrative of the uncertainty of titles under the Mining Statute was dis posed of in the Warden's Court, Ararat, on Tuesday, when John Fitzgerald, who had been nine years in possession of a re sidence area at Armstrong, was told that his nine years' occupancy was nothing, in asmuch as lie had not always had a miner's right ; and that the fact that he had re pegged out the holding in November last was nothing, inasmuch as he had not ap plied to the warden previously to declare the ground vacant. The case is of im portance to all holders of property under miners' rights, whether for mining, for business sites, or for residence areas. Mr. H. H. Brown has been returned for the Paterson, by a majority of C8 votes over Mr. Brunker. Messrs. Bur dekin, Hurley, Nowlan, and Dr. Park re ceived very few votes. -lEgles writes, in the f Australasian' Smart certainly. A gentleman of the legal profession at one of the great min ing centres having spent a gay evening at a leading hotel, found the fresh air too much for him. Instead of reaching the bosom of his family he gravitated to the lock-up—with the much-needed assistance of a servant of the Queen in full uniform. The lock-up keeper didn't know him, and consequently couldn't send for any of his friends to bail Mm out, as is frequently h7 tb°sc tender-hearted officers of justice. So he was allowed to sleep until 7 in the morning, when he was aroused and asked his name, .which he promptly said was "Johnson." Instead of availing himself of the good offices of friends, he determined to face the matter out without disclosing the accident, and declined to send for any one. He ob tained soap, water, and a clothes- brush, and was refreshed by a cup of tea. He then proposed to the lock-up keeper that an official should walk beside him to the police court. When the time came, this was doue, and by keeping the officer in earnest converse, it appeared as though the lawyer was engaged upon some busi ness before the court. Arrived there, he was allowed to take his seat as usual at the solicitors' table, and when the name of Johnson was called he calmly rose and said, "I appear for the prisoner, your worship." "What," said the police magistrate, "do you deny that he was drunk ?" " Oh, no !" he replied; " he was very drunk, but is very sorry for it." " Five shillings—or six hours' imprison ment," said the P.M. "I will pay his fine myself," said this ready-witted gentleman, who in this instance showed that the man who is his own lawyer hasn't always a fool for a client. The ' Mercury's' Singleton cor. writes : —Another extraordinary cure by the Tumour Powder recently referred to bjT us has been brought under our no tice. In this case an elderly female was troubled with a tumour on the shoul der, hearing of wliich Mr. Moore kindly applied his powder, with unqualified success. In the course of a few weeks the whole mass was drawn out and sepa rated from the shoulder, and eventually fell without being cut away. The tumour has been preserved in spirits of wine, and may be seen at the shop of Mr. W. C. Lesley, druggist, in this town, it bears a strong resemblance to an oyster shell, being some four inches in diameter, nearly circular, and not more than half an inch in thickness. j The ' H. T. Mercury' says:—A number ! of whalers who had, thanks to constant ' unbibings, attained that state of mind wherein people are apt to find fault with everyone but themselves, assembled yes terday afternoon in front of the shop of an outfitter who carries 011 business not far from the wharf. The seamen accused the shopkeeper of certain malpractices in connection with their advance notes, and threateued to smash the shop windows. For several minutes a constant din was kept up, when the police arrived on the scene, and the crowd shortly afterwards dispersed. Several of their number rushed down to the wharf and jumped into the sea, in order to cool their ex cited feelings. After disporting them selves in the briny for a short time, they landed and refreshed their inner man by auti-templar beverages. From Sydney telegram in Tuesday's * Mercury'The ketch Go-ahead has been wrecked on the Manning Itiver bar. The crew was saved.—A man and a boy were killed by a ballast train, on Saturday evening, on the Melbourne and Albury hue.—Ponto, a shepherd, employed by Mr. Perry, of Bendemeer, has been found dead.—The wreck of the steamship Helen Macgregor was sold to-day, for £7- The wool and tin were not offered. The 1 Forbes Times' says Mr. Cos tello, who has a fine farm near Goola gong, informs us that he has had a large patch of his potato crop entirely destroyed by crickets. The potatoes had nearly arrived at maturity when the crickets got amongst them, and the tops remained healthy-looking in spite of the foe at the tubers, consequently such a wholesale destruction was not looked for. On dig ging them, however, only the bare skin of the potato was left, the whole of the in side having been eaten out, and, as our informant says, " You could place what ■ looked like a large potato in the palm of your hand and blow it clean away." The Muscle Brook cor. of the 1 Mer cury' writes :—Mr. John Sweeney, while engaged in ring-barking timber on D. M°Jntyre, Esq's., Cuen estate, and going from one tree to another, trod across the back of a death adder, which brought the fore part of its body across his instep: the reptile bit the boot on the inside, near the ankle, and hit the end of its tail several times against the loose part of the bottom oi his trousers. After being kicked off it was some few minutes be fore Sweeney recovered the shock enough to know that his life was not at stake. The length of the adder, after being killed, was two feet. Sweeney, noticing something moving in the adder after be ing killed, said to bis men that they would open it; on the operation being performed no less than nine young adders were brought forth, measuring from six inches upwards ; and in a very short time be came so savage that if you touched tliein with a stick they would both bite and strike it with their tail, so they were all consigned to the fire. The Huntley cor. of a Beudigo paper writes :—A most diabolical attempt to murder was attempted here on Wednes day night on a young man named Faul. Faul was going to his home, near the Deep Lead Hotel, from the direction of the Bendigo Creek, and when near the workings of the Old Cambridge Company, he heard a report, and felt his hat lifted off his head by a bullet, from what he supposes to be a revolver. At the same moment he saw a flash from the firearm, and hastily picking up his hat he re turned back the way he came, instead of going home. Upon examining his hat, the bullet-mark was plainly visible, enter ing on the right side just below the crown at the top. He says he has no suspicion of any one, and cannot make out the cause, as he never gave any one reason for such an attempt on his life. The next day he went to the spot with the police, and on measuring the distance from ; where the shot was tired, it was found | to be about eight yards. The revolver i was apparently fired from behind a bush, J and the person firing it must have been | in a sitting or stooping posture. The ' Newcastle Pilot' says :—We have had the pleasure of viewing at the Great Northern Hotel some very elegant silver and plated ware prizes, adjudged at the late Show of the Central New England Pastoral and Agricultural Society, to Mr. W. Swanson, an enterprisiug storekeeper, miller, and farmer, of Inverell. The prizes are all suitably engraved with the recipient's name, and the object of the award. They consist of two silver cups, given as best prizes, respectively, for " the best oaten hay," and " the best fine flour," and a beautifully designed cake basket (special prize from W. W. Drake, Esq., manager Commercial Bank, In verell), for "the best tandem team." Mr. Swanson also took money prizes for fowls and poultry, and invested it in an appropriate addition to the other plate described—a very handsome salver. Mr. Swanson, before leaving Newcastle, pur chased some very choice poultry, to aid in future efforts of competition. We shall be curious to hear how the feathered ones fare on their long journej' overland Northwards. The ' B. F. Press' says :—On Saturday two small boys were playing near a well in a yard in Piper-street, the youngest seven or eight years old, the other some tliree or four years older ; the youngest is a son of Mr. Smith, the watchmaker, and the elder one is named Brent. The cover of the well was open, and young Smith fell through the opening. The well bucket was hanging some distance from the surface, but the little fellow fell straight to the water without touching the bucket; he says tliat when he reached the water he was at first blinded, but re covering himself speedily he called to his companion to lower the bucket. Brent let the bucket down nearly to the water, and Smith somehow scrambled into it, and sang out " pull up." Brent was not able to accomplish this alone, but his mo ther appearing on the scene assisted in hoisting the bucket, and Smith once more found himself on terra firma, where he -was received as one from the dead by his parents, who reached the well at the mo ment lie was taken out. The child was found to be uninjured except by a slight bruise on the hip. Mr. Smith (the child's father) tells us that after the accident he measured the well, and ascertained that it was nearly SO feet deep. The 4 Wide Bay News' says :—The child, Agnes Mackay, who appeared in the Police Court yesterday, exemplifies the need of compulsory education. Her mother and herself appeared well-dressed, j so they cannot be in very great poverty, yet that girl, nine years of age, can nei ther read nor write, nor has she any no tion of moral obligations, except that if she told a lie she would go to " the bad man." God, the Bible, and heaven were words that bore no meaniug to her, but as she believed in some sort of hell, her evidence was admissable. Can anyone deny the right of the State to step in mid rescue a cliild like that from the probable fate awaiting a training like hers ? Edward Noonan, a stockman employed on the Nive Downs Station, Qd., lately shot dead a man named W m. Laurie. The prisoner was immediately arrested and sent to Charleville. The ' D. D. Gazette says :—1 he con viction of George Preston, at the Giafton Sessions, on the charge of stealing a tho roughbred colt, the property of Messrs. Barnes and Smith Bros., was announced in our issue of the 10th instant. At the close of the case Mr. T. H. Smith pre sented Mr. Snb Inspector Kilfedder, of the Queensland Detective Force, with a cheque for the full amount of the reward (£100) offered by his firm for the recovery of the two tliorough-bred mares and foals stolen from Gordon Brook early in Feb., 1874\. The liberality and public spirit displayed by the firm cannot be too highly commended. 1 Telegram from Toowoomba, in Brisbane ' Telegraph':—At the lands sale of the Cecil Plains and 1 lands held to-day, the Hon. James Taylol purchased the whole fifty-six lots, eom prising nearly nine thousand acres. Fifty three lots were sold at the npset price (thirty shillings per acre), two at an ad vance of two shillings per acre, and one lot at an advance of one shilling per acre. A strong feeling is growing up against selling forfeited lands by auction, while so many people are waiting to select. The following, from the ' W, B. News,' lias a new style of criticism for Australia : —We were present yesterday evening at a full dress rehearsal of the Amateur Dramatic Club, and we were well pleased with what we saw. It is, of course, not proper to divulge secrets, and therefore we must not say much about the perform ance, but we feel justified in saying that the dresses are iu the highest style of decorative magnificence. The lady per formers are delightful; one of tlieiu is really a magniticeut creature. The wealth of her braided liair, the liquid depth of her beauteous eyes, her tall and stately figure, make a tout ensemble of female loveliness which must carry the most phlegmatic audience by storm. The entrances for the Maitland Show are closed, and are more numerous than they were in former years. The 'Gecloug Advertiser' says :—An unseemly disturbance occurred on Sunday evening, in the People's Institute, Yarra street, where Mr. Wallace, the blind evangelist, was conducting divine wor ship. The preacher had taken for his text the parable of the talents, and was in the midst of his discourse, when a man advancing from the porch astonished the congregation by calling out in stentorian tones " I say, old man, you come from Hobart Town." Constable White, who was in attendance, went up to the cause of the interruption, and advised him to observe some little respect for the feelings of the audience by going away, promising that should be wish to take part in the services when iu a less excitable mood on another occasion he should be accommo dated with a seat. The remonstrance had no effect, for the preacher had no sooner resumed his discourse about the talents than the intruder called out " You're a liar 5 you never lent a thousand talents. Cries of " Put him out," arose from the indignant worshippers, and a|scene of turbulence ensued, during which the object of pious wrath kept bellowing out. The constable advanced to arrestjthe man, and bad his hat knocked off his head, but tlie blow was returned, and the next moment the noisy pugilist measured his length in the gutter outside. A second constable came to the assistance of bis companion, and the rowdy was conducted halfway to the watchhonse, when lie again became extremely violent, kicking and striking out at a furious rate. Eventu ally, with the combiued strength of three constables and the watcliliousekeeper, tlie prisoner was taken to tlie lock-up, where he was lodged in one of the cells on the charge of using obscene language. The offender was recognised as a carpenter named Michael Byrne, an old acquaint ance of tlie police. Mrs. Goodenough writes to the < Herald'You have so kindly opened your columns to an appeal in favour of the Creche, or Day Nursery, that the committee feel constrained to ask you to permit them now, through you, to inform the subscribers to, and friends of, that institution that they are obliged, reluct antly, to close it at tlie end of the month. } The funds subscribed, amounting to £110, will by that time have been ex pended, and during the period the nursery has been opened the attendance of chil dren has not been sufficient for the com mittee to feel themselves justified in further appealing to the liberality of the public. During the eighty-six days that the Creche has been open, ten different children have been taken care of, and the number of attendances has been 204. The committee think that this scanty at tendance shows that it would not be right to continue tbe undertaking. They would, however, state that the thankful ness of the mothers who have accepted the accommodation, and the constant re appearance of the same children at the Creche, proves to theiu, if proof did not exist elsewhere, that the principle of the Creche is a sound one, and that its failure or waut of appreciation is due to causes which arc local, either to Sydney, or to the part of Sydney in which the experi ment has been tried ; the late prevalence of measles may also have had something to clo with it. It is possible that the causes which have led to this failure may be local to Sydney, and if so we can re joice that women can command such wa<rcs in these colonies as to be able to afford to have their children taken care of at a neighbour's house rather than at the Creche. We hope they are ; but we fear they are not so well cared for as at the nursery. The ' Murrurundi Times' says We were shown a £l-note during the present week, by Mr. Robert Stewart, of Temple Court, which lie had in mistake for a dirty piece of paper taken from liis vest pocket and loaded his gun with. After firing off the gun it struck him about tlie note, and lie tlicn discovered tbe loss be bad sus tained. He searched about and found several portions of the note, with holes in them, but pasted tliem on paper in a suffi ciently intelligible form, lie believes, to obtain a good note in exchange for the fragments. Mr. Pockley, the manager of the Commerciel Bank of this town, has taken the note to forward it to Syd ney, with that object. Mr. Stewart has reason to thank liis lucky star, which jiiusfc have been in tlie ascendant on. tlie occasion, for not being twenty shillings poorer than he can estimate himself at present. The English 'Financier' says, in con cluding an article on the rapid disposal of land in Australia without reserving any thing for future revenue :—So long as it rests upon its present basis, the financial prosperity of the Australian colonies is only fictitious; and, unless some change be made, the approaching exhaustion of the public lands will lead to a financial coljapse. Tlie sooner these Governments face the real state of matters the better. Taxation must be largely increased by one-fonrtli in New South Wales, and by one-third in Victoria—in order to make the revenue of the country independent of the land sales, and to raise the ordinary receipts so as to equal the ordinary ex penditure. The Australian constituencies will not like this ; but it must be done, if Australian credit is to be maintained, and the business of the country carried on. The greatest evils of small communi ties are, a learned judge states, local rival newspapers, and local branch banks. The former set the residents by tlie ears, by their miserable scurrilities and per sonalities, and the latter " string people on" until they are on the verge of bank ruptcy. Then they leave them. 