COMIKBERCIAL. GOULBURN, Friday. ALTHOUGOH not nearly so large a trade has been done this week as for some time pest, yet a fair business ??s been transacted. The amount of general trade that has taken place during the past two or three months has been much larger than during the correa ponding period of last year, whioh to some extent epeaks for the steady improvemement of the dis triot. The dry weather we are experiencing, though favourable for harvesting operations, is burning up the grass in all directions. The thunderstorm which visited us on Tuesday evening appears to have been pretty general in these distriots. From Wheeo and uGndaroo we learn that some rain fell, but not in ufficioent quantity to interfere with harvesting opera Lions. At the latter place, operations will tie over in a week or so, and the wheat crop will be better than was at first anticipated. Bush-flros have been very prevalent during the peast two or three weeks, and reports are continually reaching us of the damage caused by them. Grass and fencing are being destroyed in all directions. Fires have been close to town, but no serious damage beyond the destruction of feed has been experienced as yet. It may be mentioned as showing the enportority of well-bred cattle that at Melbourne the other day a lot of IHeroford bullocks about three years old re alised £10 17/6 per head. These cattle were bred on the Bland by Gibson Brothers. To travel ouch adis tance in a dry season and command suhob a price epe tks well for this brood of cattle. Very little wool has arrived during the wek ; but there is a good deal on the road, the Obriatmane' hal- .. days having kept it back slightly. At the wbo .,5 sales in Sydney on Wednesday very little business', was done, the prices offered in many cases not com ins up to owners' reserves. Superior fleece brought 24l4. per lb. laossra. 1Mort and Co. sold 370 bales. Tuo other auotioneers withdrew their catalogues. Tho local flour market has undergone no change sincoe our last, and business is reported as rather alack at present. Beut quality flour ranges from £13 to £13 10/- per ton; seconds, £12 to £12 10/. In Syd ney fine flour is £13 10/- and seconds £11 10/- per ton. In Adelaide best flour is quoted at £11 per ton, and whore large parcels are taken a shade less is accepted. The wheat market is at present in a quiet state, with but few transactions tlaking place; and until the now wheat begins to arrive, little notivity will charactorioo the markot. The latest price given for old wheat was 5/6 per bushel; but even at that figure little has changed hands of late. As reaping has boon going on in some parts during the last weeko or two, some of the now article may be expected to arrive before long, and will no doubt affect the prices at present ruliag here. In Sydney there appears to be no fixed prices at present, no doubt owing to some extent to the anticipated arrival of shipments from Adelaide, many lots having boon purchased to arrive sarly this month. In Adelaide the present quota tion is 4/1 per bushel. Bran ts quoted at 1/3 per bushel; but as grass is strneo and likely to be, an advance in price is not unlikely. P'ollard is quoted at the same figure as bran. In Sydney there is a good demand for bran, and prices iange as high as 1/6 per bushel. There is a good demand for maize at 5/- per aushel; but as the demand exiseting here has to be sapplied to as large extent from the Sydney market, vhich is lir at 1 4/10 pter bushel, a fuarther advance may be looked for before log. The quantities of his article grown in the district are small compared to the delnod, and hence the duticiency hls to be adue up from other placee, which accounts for the sigh price ruling. There is a good maraet for all stat produced in the district, if sound and of good quality. in burley there is nothing to report, the article being secrc, and quotations range from 3/6 to 4/. per 'bushel. Ooate are ebarco, nd from 8/6 to 4/- per ,..buehel.iereadily obtained; but as the new crop may .'.ashortly be expected to arrive, present prices will not obtain very long. Hay is advancing in value, and will continuo to do so owing to the scoroity of grass that is, heginning to be felt in the district Good oaton h'ay is bring ing from £3 10/- to £4 per ton. In Sydney theore is a good demand for prime oaten hay, which is bring ing from £5 to £6 10/- per ton. A few loads of sound straw would sell readily at £'2 per ton. This article, which has been very scoareo 'for a long time, will become morn plentiful as the wheat crop is threshed. Fresh'butter is somewhat scarce this week'; and ?n a consequence, has advanced in vaner. Beat qua lity. is worth 1/- per lb., which price will probably be ,maintained, unless we soon are favoured with rain. In salt butter there is nothing doing, and prices merely nominal. . Oheese te'in fair request, and the mrrket not over s upplied with prime. Old cheese, which is diffioult to obtain, is worth 5d. per lb. New from 4d. to. 4,1,d. per lb. :-There has been a great run on bacon of late, which his had the effect of clearing a great deal of that on hand ; but at the same time prices are not ,' quite'so firm as they were a week or two back. Prices range from 5d. to 6d. per lb. Eggs are less plentiful this week, and ls. per doz. ie'offered. It is not thought likely that this price Will rule long as there are plenty in the district, and only want bringing to market. Old potatoes are very scarce, and it is almost ?'impossible to give quotations. The new article in making its appeonrance in moderate quantities bhit prices vary according to description. SOCarriagn is keeping up late rates, and there is every, probability of its continuing to do so, grass being very scarce on the main lines and forage of all deecriptions threatening to advance It will be almost imposaible for bullock-teams to travel, as there will be nothing for the animals to eat. YASS, Monday. ,Messrs. Rommington and Co.'s Report; -Fat \- cattle: Christmas and the extreme drought, com bined with bush-fires raging everywhere, seems to have sent good beef up a little. We sold a few light ,,weights on account of Mr. Best at £1 per 100; 29 on account of Messrs. Bailey and tMurphy, in lote, averaging £7 8/. The town trade supplied with about ten days' killing, when from 50 to 70 head will bring all out £1 1/.-Store cattle: The msrkert for stores of all descriptions is certainly on the decline, owing to the scarcity of greas, consequent upon the paucity of rain. Still good lots are easily disposed of. Our sales--Mr. Beet's mixed lot averaged £5; hMr. lIoffit's old cows, to Mr. Garner, at £3; Mr. Cusack's old cows, to same buyer, at £3 10/; Mr. Sigge'.67 heifers, to Mr. MIacaneh, at £4; (in con junction with blesers. Cohen and Co.) balance of M?r. Coney'slot mixed yearling steers and heifirs £3 5/, well forward. We quote bullocks £4 15/- to £5; heifers, £3 15/- to £4 5/; milchers, £6; old cows onsaleable.- Sheep: Nothing to reort in fat sheep. -Store sheep: We could pass several lots if holders would give way a little, they are bound to come down. Soveral email sales, but nothing to quote as a standard.-Horses The market still as lively as ever, all saleable lots going off with ease. During the election and Christmas holidays we have quitted a very large catalogue. Mr. Martin's lot from £14 to £29 10/; Mr. Garner's 100 head, yearlings, at 25/; Mr. Remmington's 36 head, yearlings, at 25/; Mr. Bailey's 12 head from 25/- to £4 ; Mr. Bent's :" trotter £20; ditto, others at £2 average; Mr. Grim. . :meltt's'it £10 10/; and various saddle hacks at from £2 10/- to £9. SYDNEY, December 30. Mr. F. L. Barker's report:- Wool : As previously intimated, the n?enointed iuetioneers held their sailes on Tuesday, 29th, in lieu of last Thursday; but in consequence of late adverse telegrame, not much buesineas was got through Good condition loeeco in request at 18d. to 22d. per lb.; greasy continuee very saleable, when free from burr or seed, at 9lyd. to lid.; cobured, 16d. to 20d. per lb. A few lines have seen sold at higher rates than above, owing to their fault less condition. To-day I cleared my catalogue at :quotations, and also submitted a few lots of sheep. skins. The demand however was not so good, and lower rates are it present accepted to effect clear ances. Quotations this day-Shorts, 4(d. to 6d.; Sgood, 68d. to 71d.; pelts, 2d. to 4d. per lb.-Tallow : Owing to the holidays, the public sales werei poorly attended by the trade and shippers, and the prisnci pal lines were held over till ia more faveouraile nnpor-. tunity. I effected a clearance privetely of-K, 10 bhbds. beef at £29 10/- per ton; JW and Co., 13 do. at £29; and sundry odd lots of mixed and station at 'late quotatione.-Hides: For this class of produce, the supply does, not exceed the demand, which is mostly for well-c.nditioned heavies, now selling at rates most satlsfactory to vendors, tannere buying I freely to keep up stocks of sole leather. Medium weights for kip and harness are firm at prices which. . prevent export to other colonies. Inferior weights are neglected, except at low rates. Quotations may .- -be given thus-Heavies, 43d. to i1d. ; medium, 4611. to.3d. ; light, 56d. to 61}d.; horsehides. 7/- to 8/ large, 4/6 to 6/6 small. hinr is somewhat easier;, :.: -but horns and bones are firm at late rates; as also '~black neatsfoot and horse oil. 