HEW SOUTH WALES. Sydney, October 30. J-tie Lucy Ravel struck on the rocks at Broadsord and was beached. The grasshoppers are numerous and destructive on the Liverpool Plains. Sydney, November 1. Treeve has been committed for trial on two additional charges of forgery. Others of a similar nature are to be brought against him. The steamer Vasco de Gama left San Fran cisco for Sydney on the 9th ult. The Macgregor arrived at San Francisco on October 27. There was a violent hailstorm at Maitland yesterday, doing much damage to crops and vineyards. Two children were drowned near Branston on the same day. Heniy Eckhouse has filed his schedule. The liabilities are £12,000 odd, and the assets £6,800. A woman 94 years old hanged herself on Saturday at Endfield. Sydney, November 2. There has been a hot wind with duststorm all day. Extensive bush-fires have taken place. The Pelican Hotel, Oxford-street, has been partly destroyed by fire. A man working upon the roof fell into the street and was killed. The body of a woman has been found jammed between the rocks under the cliff at Bondi. There was a large demonstration at the opening of the railway extension to-day from Goulbnrn to Gunning. Several members of the Government were present. Engines have gone out to Fairfield on the railway line, where a large fire is reported, probably in the bush. The Governor left for Melbourne to-day to attend the Spring Races. Sydney, November 3. The Lands Department is collecting infor mation about forest timber with a view, to prevent its destruction. The bosh fire on the North Shore is still burning. The flames reached the Cemetery yesterday. The houses in the vicinity were only saved by great exertions. The weather is now calm. The Nuisances Prevention Act comes into force on December 30. Sydney, November 4. Lieut. Russell, of the Permanent Artillery Force, has been reprimanded and deprived of his seniority for striking a brother officer with a bottle. A new Medical Bill will probably be intro duced in the Upper House next session. There was an alarm of fire at Government House to-day, and theengines^ turned oat, " : but there was no aeriooa damage. Sydney, November 5,' Evening. i A woman was billed in a public-house yesterday daring a fracas. A verdict. of justifiable homicide was returned. The new Theatre .Royal is rapidly progress ing, and will be opened next month. 