The adulteration clauses in the Public Health Act have gradually become a dead letter. The Melbourne Corpora tion has made one or two spasmodic efforts to ehforco them, but the partial success wJiicu was encountered has not stimulated Mr. Fitzgibbon to renewed efforts. A prosecution for adulteration is n. costly luxury. Tlie act prescribes that an analysis can be procured from the Goverhruont analytical chemist at a maximum cost of two guinens, but there is in addition a fee to be paid for the attendance <jf the witness in tlie police court, and in the Court of General Sessions in the event of an appeal. Nor is the evidence'of one expert sufficient. The adulterator usually obtains the 'services 'of one or two chemists of more or less pretensions. These gen tlemen, with the charming diversity of opinion which characterises men of science, consider it a point of honor to contradict tlie evidence for tlie prosecu tion in every important particular ; and the only chance of obtaining a convic- tion is to ioruiy uie statement ot tlie Government analyst by tbat of other experts, and break down the case of the defendant by the sheer number of wit nesses called against him. Aiid when at last, after all this trouble and ex- pens'e, the magistrates at petty or general sessions find that the case is proved, the heaviest 'penalty which can be indicted is a line of £10. But in the great majority of cases the adul terator can snap his fingers at thpse who are seeking to punish him. The I 0th section of the Public Health Act relieves the defendant of all conse quences of his acts if he can show to the justices that he had no knowledge of the' adulteration. While such a pro viso exists the whole machinery of the measure is nugatory, even when an attempt is made to carry it out honestly. Take, for example, the case of a publican charged with selling poisonous brandy, or beer which is full of fusil oil. Tlie strong probability is that tlie stuff' sold to the public is no worse than when it left the wine mer chant and brewer. _ Indeed, it would have been difficult to make it worse. Tho vendor neither knew nor cared whether it was or was not adulterated. All that lie desired was that the abomi nation should bo cheap. In the face of the clause to which we have referred, the difficulty of obtaining a conviction, even in tlie worst cases, is almost in superable. The efforts of the Melbourne Corpo ration to grapple with the mass of adulteration which exists in the metro polis have been trifling and spasmodic. But some attempt, at least, has been made. The great majority of tlie 'coun try municipalities have done nothing at all. Their inertness lias not been due,., to any desire that the reck less and incautious should pay the penalty of their foily. Their motives have been more selfish and practical... In some districts the coun cillors objected to spend money, which might be devoted to the improvement of:their own properties, on any such Quixotic purpose as protecting the public health. In others the publicans, who are the greatest sinners, wield so Wu'ch political power -that it is dan gerous to quarrel with them. And so, month after month, and year after year, dishonest brewers, wine mer chants, and licensed victuallers, in every district of the colony, are allowed to dispense their villahous compounds, and to fill the hospitals, lunatic asylums and graveyards with their victims. For it must hot be for; gotten that the misery arising from excess in this country is quite as much due to the vile quality as to the large quantity of the liquor consumed, and that many of the unfortunate wretches who lope their lives and their reason owe their destruction not so much to excess as to the abominable 'character of their potations. We have heard oi'one 'small bush town from which a dozen lunatics were committed last summer, entirely through the bad quality of tlie liquors vended by the publicans ; and it is so notorious that in a large number of the less reputable bars, both in Melbourne and the country, it ispositively dangerous to partake of the compound vended, that persons wiio have any regard for their lives and health conlinh' themselves re ligiously. to certain inns. By great card the . . inhabitants of. . iUy -particular town 'may manage ;ta 'protect- them-, serves and filler ve theit . Bu i travellers cannot take these precautions. A glass of ale unwarily swallowed at some roadside inn, at some railway station, or on board a stenmer conveying a crowd of excursionists to a pleasant watering place ou the South Coast, may sow tlie seeds of a disease which can never be eradicated. It is high, time either that the present law were administered by tho Central Board of Health, the corporations, and the justices in a very different sprit, or else that fresh legislation were at tempted. Adulteration has been almost stamped out in the mother country. There seems no reason why it should be allowed to sap the health and morals of the people of Victoria. The defeat of the Farkes Ministry, which is announced in our tele graphic intelligence, was not altogether unexpected. The elections in New South Wales terminated a fort night ago, and although Ministers affected to -be jubilant at the result, their p leans of praise had nothing like a cheerful ring about them. Only 49, of the old members were returned, and of tbe.se but 20 had voted with the Go vernment upon the question tliat i'mnie-. diately preceded the dissolution. So far the prospect was not cheering. But more than this, the speeches of the can didates ift the hustings were, for' the moist part, anti-ministerial, and it soon' became evident that they would play an independent role in the Assembly. This was so apparent upon tlie eye of Parliament reassembling that Mr. Robertson wrote to the Hertxhl, claiming for the hew Assembly sufficient ability to produce two minis tries, if necessary, that Would be better in all respects than .the 'one led bjt Mr. Parkf.sv The result shows, that Mr. Robertson did not' count without his host. The amendment moyecl,by him, affirming the principle of Mr. Coojibes' motion of last session relative to GaA-, diner's release was carried by 3H to .29, and tho resignation of the Ministry immediately follows. Al though Mr. Farkes lias been defeated . ostensibly upon the issue referred to, it is quite certain that a number of other matters) ench important in itself, have contributed to this result. None but the wilfully blind can fail to see that, where a re venue .requires to be supplemented from the land fund to theextcntof £1,000,000 per annum to meet expenditure, the finances of the country cannot be in a Sound condition. The fact itself was commented upon lately at the hustings, and comparison was drawn between the fiscal- practice of New South Wales and Yictoria in favor of this colony. Education again was an other matter which the Parkes Minis try were afraid to put a vigorous hand to, and all .the opening vice-regal speech said-tipon this head was " that.'cqhside-' " ration, would- b'o given to the ques- ". tion." So vague a policy as this im plies could not fail, to be regarded as unsatisfactory !by the public, w'hicli. is divided nt the present, time into two hostile camps on the niatt'er of.educa- tion. For these and other reasons equally cogent the longer retention of office by the Parkas Cabinet became impossible. We may well understand how convenient the Gardiner question was found as a quick match to light an already smouldering fire. Public in dignation. had been aroused, not simply by the release of a notorious criminal by an exercise of the Royal prerogative that was inimical to t he interests of the coinuiuiiiij, uub r y un uncuiituitubiumu and arbitrary act on the part of the Ministry. New South Wales may be pardoned for wishing it not to -be be lieved that it has any active or latent sympathy with its criminnl classes, and Mr. Pabkes would have been tolerated probably iii many extravagances if he had only refrained from placing this feather Weight upon the back of a com munity that has bornfe, uncomplainingly, it must be said, many serious injuries from his rule. The preparatory announcements with respect to the Philadelphia Exhibition, to be held next year,, have begun. to attract attention to tbe subject of our wines. A gentleman recently, at the dinner of the Melbourne Yinegrowers' Association, gave some details of the. difficulty he experienced in disposing of a parcel of superior Victorian wines, which lie liM lately taken with liira to London. Tlie cause of the difficulty was, as lie alleges, the great prejpdice existing in England against the wines of this country. There is doubtless some prejudice existing both among English merchants and consumers against Australian wines. But it is only a prejudice of that general and indistinct character which usually ex ists against anything hew, and is not foitqded on positive dislike; arising from experience. It may therefore, and will certainly, . be readily overcome at no distant date. What our vinegrowers have mainly to consider is that their ihdustry is buf, in ite infancy, and that they cannot hope all at once to make a great impression on the - English market, or compete successfully there with the producers of Fraiice, Spain and Gekmahjq which have been the recognised wine coun tries of the world for centuries, and which yield wines of the highest quality, and in quantities almost incal culable. The time has not yet come for a great export trade from the vineyards of Victoria. The efforts of their pro prietors must rather be directed to the adequate supply of our own home market, in which there is nearly as much French and Spanish wines disposed of as "Victorian. Next, they should look to extending the growth of the vine far beyond the limits it has at present reached if they expect, to carry on 'anything like a large trade, home or foreign. The production of 'Victorian wine was nearly as large seven years ago as it is Jio'w. The growers seetn to have become dis couraged, because' they did not succeed in realising for their wines, when just made and in bulk at the vineyard, prices which the merchant or the re tailer could hardly expect to obtain. The attehipt was tin egrfegioiis error, which repelled the mercantile man, and prevented the wines entering into gene ral consumption. It hasi beeii repaired however How,, but its consequences .re main in a small demand and a limited production. f>00,000 gallons of wine, as a total annual result, is but a very small basis on which to rear up a trade of .even , moderate proportions. Yet we do not exceed that quantity in the annual production of Victoria .at tlie present timb—iexclhdiiig of course the trans-Murray wines which .belong- to New. SonthWaiei , 'J?bis stationary' coriditidn bf the industry iS.Wmloiibtfedly a gre«t reproach "to -Victoria; and .eon- 'ftiuts. -fljtiraa|ety . Miai '-Ci£is ."cb£en; accomplished iir Gitlifornia, wHero-tbo production last year amounted to 10, OHO, 000 gallons. The report bf Dr. J. B. Keen e, the principal chemical analyst to the British Government, addressed to her Majesty's Commissioners of Customs, upon the wines in the International Exhibition of 1ST.'!, should show to our wiue-producers that their vineyards furnish them with an article fitted to be the basis of a great and a successful wine trade. Dr. Kerne says of Vic torian wines " The defects that " existed in their earlier stages of cul- " turc have been greatly remedied, and " they have generally a full, rich, " vigorous character and quality of a " favorable kind. Some few are espo- " cially fine in all that constitutes n " high-class wine, and will bear com- " parison with the best of European " growths ; while the average of the " remainder, compared with the bulk of " continental wines, omitting the best, " is higher in quality, strength, and body, as also in character and flavor." Here is evidoneo of high value, which should encourage our producers to go on in their course of improving the qualities of their wines. At the same time, they should enlnfge their vine- ynrds, and greatly augment the quan tity of their produce, if they hope to be in a position to comply with the demands of commerce. What is wanted amongst our vignerons is more energy. They can produce a first-class article, as Dr. Keexe testifies, and they must energetically develope that great advan tage if they desire an early and large measure of success. An unprecedented appeal comes to us from the country. It is urged that the late bush-fires partake of the cha racter of a national visitation, and that it is the duty of the people of the metropolis to repair the damage the fires have done. Now, it may be admitted at once that the damage is co-extensive with a very large area of territoiy, and that the victims have an extraordinary claim upon public sympathy. Scores of hard- working families must have found themselves suddenly deprived - of everything that years of industry and privation had enabled them to put together. Some of the tales of in dividual disaster that have found their wnv into the public prints are suffi ciently sensation al and distressing to rouse the charitable instincts of tlie hardest heart among us, and the proba bility is that we shall never know the full extent of suffering that has been in flicted upon the settlers of the burned out districts. But, admitting this, how can it be reasonably urged that it is the duty of Melbourne to take the initia tive in coming to their relief ? That the inhauitants would contribute freely to any fund which may he designed to relieve the immediate wants of tlie sufferers would be only in keeping with what we know of their efforts on pre vious occasions. Biit if the country districts are to reap tho full benefit of arty benevolent movement of a national character, it must commence with themselves. Indiscriminate charity is no charity at all. Money collected without a definite object is pretty sure not to reach its destination. All experience shows that it is wasted in. the act of distribution. Through what channels are the sufl'ei'ejs in the burned out districts to be assisted, if not through the local bodies i They alone can ascertain the extent and nature of the damage that lias to be repaired, and the means of repairing it must come through them. To call upon tlie metropolis to assume the responsibility that really belongs to them is to do no kindness to the sufferers. Whatever efforts require to be made to relieve the distress that no doubt must exist throughout the country must originate in the seat of the disaster itself, and it will then remain for the people of the city to co-operate. 