THURSDAY, OCTOBER 2Gni, 1S76. The report of the Chief Inspector of Stock on the tremendous ravages amongst the llocks of the "Western District is, in one respect at all events, very satisfac tory. He and the veterinarians who carefully investigated the matter ex press a decided opinion that it is not infectious. It would have been a serious matter indeed if scab having been stamped out, another com municable disease had sprung up to prevent that free ingress and cjjress of sheep which is in course of being arranged with the Government of New South "Wales. But the nature of the circumstances, and the causes which are given in the report, are such as will cause astonishment, not to say incredulity. It is affirmed that the sheep have white blood, or blood deficient in potassium, and that this deficiency is stupendous ; it is also stated that analysis lias shown a defi ciency of potassium. "We must submit to potassium, of course, or any other learned explanation of why the sheep have died in such large numbers. It would be a heresy to dispute the re sults of scientific investigation, but we must confess to an ill-natured incre dulity and a shocking inclination to say " fudge." Not- for a moment would we decry the analytical capa bilities of Mr Cosmo Newberry, be cause we know him to be a quite com petent expert, but for the' life of us we cannot stand this potassium business. We apprehend that what is really .meant is poorness of blood, the result of defective, nutrition, which is-, found in human beings as well as animals, and. results from a defi ciency of or unfit food, or mal- assinii lation. As ' sheep do not turn night into day; attend balls,: eat ice creams,^ 'stuff themselves with greasy pastry, or perpetuate any of the other absurdities and gluttonies to which human nature is prone, are not smoking or studious animals, and have no' defi ciency of air or exercise, they cannot suffer from indigestion. It seems to us that;: most persons of a practical inind, wlio liad the investigation: of a subject such as this, would have thought comparison a good test, and killed some .sheep, from other- districts- to compare with those the subject of the investi gation. This, however, does not appear to have -been- done. The want. of potassium is said to arise from " feed " ing on grasses which had rapidly and unseasonably shot up,' without draw ling from the soil their normal com " plement of inorganic constituents "grasses in whieh potassium, as we have " seen, was all but non-existent." But unfortunately for this assumption of Mr Cuiut's there is nothing to support it but the hypothesis put forth by the- veterinary surgeons who assisted him in the ; investigation, and it is therefore purely an assumption, and for him to hike it as granted is a very loose kind of reasoning process, and one which we anticipate has brought many a smile on the face of practical flockmasters. ' Had the grass been analysed as well as the blood of the sheep, and an absence of potassium been discovered in both, perhaps the .groundwork for a distinct expression of opinion might have been laid. It is no doubt an easy, but a very absiud, in ference to assume that as the blood has proved deficient in potassium therefore the grass must have been deficient in that constituent also. The reasoning is all tlie other way. Sheep have been grazing in the Western district for very many years, and although during that time there, have been all sorts of seasons, no such disaster has shown itself until now. The chances are, indeed it is almost certain, that the grass is what it has always been, and the hypothesis that it is now different is a perfectly gratuitous one, and sup ported by not a tittle of proof, and by no inference that is worth a jot "What evidence can Mr Cukr and his col leagues supply of the grass having "rapidly and unseasonably shot up," and that it is 1 deficient- in the elements requisite for adequate nutri tion? It seems to us that if these gentlemen had set to work to frame a report which should evoke a maximum of iidiciile they could not have been more perfectly successful. It is known that grasses are not equally nutritious at all .seasons, but can any evidence be produced-—one instance, for we will be content with one—of grasses so defi cient in nutritive qualities that sheep have died as those have whose blood has^ formed the subject of. analysis ? Xt ■ is a perfectly untenable and ridi culous assumption that the grass is deficient in the usual constituents, and is not supported by the fact that the nutritivencss of the pastures diflers at different seasons; because even, when least nutritious, there is not an abnormal absence of one i particular element. Mr Guru and his coadjutors might have expressed a decided opinion as to the cause of , the losses of sheep without going so far afield for an explanation, inasmuch sis they refer to the aclvis ableness of reducing the number of sheep on the pastures. The reference to the stocking of these hits the blot, and why did they not pitch their potassium craze to the dogs and say plainly that the sheep had died of gradual starvation, in consequence of the land being over stocked 1 Even had they done so, and given us this, the lational and manifest explanation of the matter, no one but all idiot would have taxed the floolc owners with cruelty, or an offence of any kind, nor even, perhaps, with a want of judgment, because in a season less extraordinary than that which has been experienced the land would have afforded ample nutriment. It is easy to understand that there was 1x0 such dearth of glass as would have suggested to the flock-owners the gradual process of deterioration that was taking place in the slieeji. It is another case of over-stocking, at a time when the weather was unpropitious for an abund ance of grass, and why did not the inspector tell us so, and not ask us to swallow his quack notion, his potassium. It is possible—we suspect that it is more than possible—rumour says it is certain—that the ground has become infected, by being constantly grazed with sheep, and that it requires the substitution of cattle, the use of the plough or the firestick, if that were possible. That great purifier, the bush-fire, has almost disappeared, else had we not heard, perhaps, of this disastrous loss of sheep. Mr Curr has been dragged into the toils by bis veterinary associates, and we advise him to keep them at arms length for the future. He will never be known as Mr Cuuu any more, he is one of the dear departed." He will be tlie victim of a prefix, and be known as Potassium Curr for all tbe rest of bis days. 