Jl e (ippMlai ®imnes.. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1876. PERHAPS one of the best compliments that coild'b: paid.to Sir Janies M'Cul: loch's. financial policy is found in the utter disagreement of three leading parties in the StAte as to its tendency and merits'. By'one infliential journal it is charnaterised:.a intensely demo cratio; that it- will if adopted drive capitalists from the colony to seek other' sources? of "inv'estment, 'where the pro ceeds of' industry' are not singled out for special taxation. By another jour. nal, Sir James M'Culloch is held up to public execration as a monster redeemed by no virtue, because, contrary to all his antecedents and pledges, he is sacri ficing - the industrious classes to the landed aristocracy. The Berry follow ing, on every occasion when they are permitted to laud their policy of burst ing up the large estates, point to the Premier as a renegade- and traitor to the cause of freedom, because he ob-' jects to class-taxation as opposed td the dicta of all authorities on the subject, points to Imperial practice in proof of the soundness of his views, and logi. cally proves that his financial system. bears more heavily on the moneyed classes than even that of the levellers themselves. Amidst this conflict of opinion it is not easy to see the truth at a glance, but the result will show that the l'remieir has "ad6ptedl the medium-couse an'l strain'?ed a point .in favour of equity and faii'ness, As the discussion on the Btldgot proceeds it appears to us that the iiiajo rity would be wise to let well alone, and support the Premier in his policy to prevent the advent of ;i roingher men' and rougher sehernes," We suppose it is to9 mue to expect Mr Service to lose any opportunity of tripping up the Premier, but we cannot understand his consistency in advocating an income. tix in the Cabinet, and opposing it when brought forward by a rival states. man. As the amount proposed to b realised from an income-tax is only £120,400, it is to be hoped the Premier will not stake the stability of his Minis. try upon it, as 31r Service stakedl that of the Kerferd Ministry on the spirit duties. Not that the income-tax ca-r. not be sustained by argument, but it would be wise for any Ministry to yield to the force of objections raised • by antagonists and friends, rather than allow the deluge to return in the forts pf the promoters of exclusive claew. legislation. It is sometimes attempted to ridicule the argument that Sir James M5'Culloch's policy is the Inore recom. mendable, because its moderation would secinure the approval, of the Legilative Council. It is the insertion of the thin end of the wedge of direct taxa. tion, which may eventuate in establish. ing a comprehensive system. Were Mr Berry to assume the reins of Go. vernment with an immense following to- morrow, and put forth all the powers derived from .a score of Higinbothanms, the Council would never endorse an act passed avowedly for the. purpose of bsii·iting up the large estates. In this 'reftiitl they 'would be supportedl by all the property of the country, and byall the constitutional power of the Imperial Government. Taking the income-tax on its merits its supporters certainly have the best'of.the argument. The smallnessrof-the Rum proposed to be raised by it is strongly in favour of try. ing it as an experiment in taxation. Its " retention as the key-stone of the Bri. tish financial' policy, and the failure of Mr Gladstone to break down Mr Dis. raeli's influence by proposing to abolish ?: it, show that it is regarded as a per. i' manent institution by the most. tax. hating lpeople in the world. It is ia absurd to argue that a small percentage on the incomes of wealthy men will drive capitalists from the country. Capital seeks investment. where it is likely to find returns, and is not nece sairily-scared by a tax 'of 6d. or 3d. in the pound. There is force in the argu ment that a distinction should be drawn between incomes drawn from realised wealth and incomes derived from per. sonal exertion, and we understand the Premier to have admitted this principle, and to have promised to adjust his .measure accordingly. Neither would it deter emigrants from coming here. Thliere would be no novelt.y or hardship in paying a tax to which England has been accustomed for thirty years and mote. The aversion of the English people to the income tax is harped upon with insnense assiduity, but the con clusion is always forced upon us that they grin and bear it, and that the most piopular statesman of modern times could not persuade them to take hitm into office when he promised to abolish it. If Sir James M'Culloch, on count ing heads, finds the votes against him, he will be wise not to do what Mr Service did. Should he withldnw this' part of his scheme, however, it willnot be for lack of arguments, and it -is wonderful to fiund hin opl, sed Iv t0hse politicians who are incessantly demand ing that the wealth of the cotintry shall be fairly taxed. THit swimming matches passed off as suc cessfully as their nlost ardent patrous could desire. The chief prizes were car ried away by competitors from Btall:rat; but there will be nothing in that flact t, give occasion for regret if it leads, as it should do, to closer and more constant practice in the art of swiinmming by our local youths. The little misanderstanding which occurred while the arrangementc for the matches were in progress, need only be referred to as proof that an effort should be made to give themi permanenc', under proper firms and regulations. In other words, that a Club should be esta blished, under whose auspices the art of swnimming may be systematically encour aged. The thanks of the commulnity are due to the gentlemen through whose exer tions the matches have been held, and who have exerted theelselves to promote the spread of this most usefil aiind healthsy branlch of plshysic vutliue;tion; hoIt com bined efiort as a Clutb wiohl eihble Ithem to extend the sphere of their ,plerationr. We understandi that at Ballarat during the past 12 mionths ou-cr 70 boys have been thoroughly instructed in die art, througr h thie 5means at cousand ,f the Ballarat Club, and a similar edlucationil agenicy may easily be estabhlished in this neighlbourhood, where opp,,rtunities for bathing abiound. lToo Imuch cntisit be said of tihe imsportanoce of teaching the youth of bothl sexes to swime, to say nothing of the healthfulness of the exercise when daily practised. Noihin can be mort conducive to thle promotion of physical health rand strength than constant bathing, which purifies the blood, streugthens thte muscles, and braces up thle nervous sys tem. There is reason to believe that th; persons who have practised bathing from? childhood escape numnerous ills tlhat flesh is heir to, ancd particularly those affectiso5. called niervous, which are peculiar to modern society, and are said to arise from the sedentary occupatiolcs and excesnive competition in social and busiuess life thabt exist in new as well as in oll couutries. Swimmiing should bIe made a part of the State school curricululs, wherever pracs ticable, and the establishment of bathing places tfr the instructiou of both sexeC should be regarded as an imperative duty by the local governing bodies throughlout the colony. Unfortunately the Salt Borough Council does not at preosenrt att:lch muchl importance to its responsibib ities in this respect. A well-organise i Club woull "educate" the Council, a?'d induce a recignitisn of those respousibiliw ties, or, railing that. would find meant to remoi e what is really a reprdachl to .the district, and provide for the systemntic traisiug of youth in the acrt oft swimmfng The Mrr:cry .will airive'it the Lattube brigt se thisy ctt2 '.cs.. shili?r'ag siin for .-lhe choisr cGit;pn:l'cder Tith. fill general' cargo, arived at the La:trobees terdv aftliernoonu. We learn that the wteek of the Cascade arid her cargo were "old in Melbourne 'es?.rday to ~C Ieers Lvell and towan for the ius ut ' . A match will take-place to-day on the i- ? ree-.nwittle course between Mr W. Tav T.-"sb -h Excitement, and Mr J. It. : -?i"lims' Slippery Dick, two miles, for a go-. od stake. The race will be rnu at Stwelve o'clock sharp. ':j*;-The monthly police court will be held 'at Rosedale to-day. A number of cases S.'are set down for hearing, including one of furious riding, two of assault, one of illegal 'i3mpounding, one of illegal detention, one of lunacy expenses, two of fraud, and ten ::.;tinPall debt cases. Our Rosedale correspondent's remarks "?as to reckless riding in the streets do not A,ppear at all unwarranted; a glaring case o; ccurred in Rosedale on the afternoon of last Sunday, and we believe that the police have taken steps to prosecute the offender. As the magistrates have the power to impase a penalty up to £20, one or two convictions should act in these cases as a warning to those who cannot ride th'rbugh the streets'without putting their bo'ses at full gallop. 11 frhe Duvalli troupe played to very good \- -hon-es at Rosedale on Monday and 1 ues -day evenings. The entertainment being of . a kind heretofore unknown in that township, ensured considerable success. The dancing of Miss Rosalie and Miss . Heloise was greatly applauded. Mr Coutts's singing wais also much admired, .::iss was also Mr Hall's make up as old D'.peborah. The performers were well ac ,comlpanied in the various songs and dances by the pianiste; Miss Hunoet;bein, who pppeared completely at home in her share of the performtance. The comnpany pro ceed to Walhalla, anld thence to Bairns dale, where they may expect good houses during the race week. Accounts have been received at the local 't'reasury ftr Millar and James, T. ,Kenyon, W. Kennedy. A. Muorison, J. i'Donald, W. M1'Williamns, T. Pratt, R. "-Packett, J. Simmons, F. Wallace,E. Walsh, .J,Williamsom, , W. Fogarty, F. Jamnes, I. -.Potter, W. M1. Smith, J. Travis, J..M. -Allan, T. Coto, P. Commons, M. Feely, fJ;.Oibney, C Gordon, W\\. Greenaway, S. Hoplkinson, E. Hagan, Harper aind Harris, dJ~cBs Haynes, L. Kabat. Leases have althb been received for F. Schroeder and ,'6Ah Read. A large bushfire was burning to the .ea't of Rosedale on Tuesday evening, apparently at the. back of the Holey Plain station; another fire was also observed in a_ ,p~hrthwesterly direction. .Le,8t. James 'sChurch 'of England, Hey c'ideld, was opened tfr Divine Service by the Very Rev. the Vicar General on Sut P::diay afternoon, 13th inst. He preached to , '!'Plarge congregation front the verse of the second Lesson,, "I saw ito temple therein." ,n?-the evening the Rev. Mr Kelly con ducted the service, and preached on an "a propriate subject. Satisfactory collee -tions were made in augmentation of the \building fund. The Church is a substan 8iltl little edifice, built. of brick, and, is • dapahle of accommodating about a hundred .people. It is prettily situited, near to the SState school. lMiss 'emple laid - the, 'folundation stone of 'the 'buildling'during the former visit of the Vicar General, and i'ot only contributed £100 herself to the qpat of the erection, but also rendered sub stantial assistance in vcirious other ways. At the Police Court yesterday before Messrs. Staveley and Guthridge,, J.s'P., ,Thos. Tuckley charged with being drunk and disorderly was fined is. 1\ichael =M'Namara was charged on renmnd with being a lunatic. Drs. Reid and l-Iedley eiamined the patient, and. gave evidence tit he was fitto be at large. M'Namara tWe~P- b.e l:tfriktling, and had evidently been suffering from deliriun remens. The Be3ench, 'ii disciharging the accused, stated itb tiatenttion of discharging prisoners in sie?iilar cases, but would then deal with ;him as vagrants, the local bodies being puit to cons'iderable. expense by the hbeha vjour of persons who had no claim to medical attention, their temporary aberra t tlion heing brought tabont alone by their own excesses. On Saturday, C, lHalliday 'charged with stealing £18 i notes from Win. Moore, of the Harp of Erin Hotel, 'ias fully committed to take his trial at 1the next General Sessions to be 'held in Sale ,litlhe defeat of Mr W. Gaunson, at Col lingwood, is understood to be peciuliarly paitfiul for several reasons. Mr M'Kecan, " Mir Patterson, and Mr - Munro wished to -increase the strength of their section of \- what is known as the liberal party, 'and 'they did their best to secure his .return, es.uch to the disgust of the other and more ainfluential section to which :Mr, dlirams bloelngs. 'There is a serious "burst utp" a-t?.sng the stonewallers, and the M'KIean isection are puzzled is to what they shall do to compensate Mi r '. 'Gaunson, .who has not only irretrievably: forfeited his Government situation and-incurred heavy \- -;election expenses, but hias also lost his nomination deposit of £50, not having re \ceived the proportion of votes requisite to give him power to reclaim it.'' tl, ,',.' i .The Volunteer Comtniission is, we (Telegraph) hear, about to send in its re port. The recommundation is said to be that the volunteer force be retained, but that it be remodelled, and that it be placed .inider the comnitand of a colonel, for whose .--ervices lapplication is to be made to EnS land. It is recommended that a field officer ofetgineers be second in command. 'The appearance of thu report is expected !with much interest. ' . Adeolonstration in-honour of the Rev. Dr'Cairns, on the occasion of his depar ture foirSeotland, took place Monday in the J&eltuoourn.e; Towin lall. Some 3000. per rons .were present, and the lion. Alex. Fric e'r,. M.L.C., liresided. Two fardwell addresses were presented to Dr Cairns one rom his own congregation, and the otbhi from nine of the detnomitations in I the colony. The large assembly was atd dressed by a number of ministers of dif "ferent denominctions, all of whom spoke of Dr Cairus in the warmest ternis. Within the last day or two it has been • whispered in certain circles that Ballarat . is likely to contribute shortly to the di .:vorce eourt an interesting case of scan. mag. (says the BIullarat Courier.) The petttioner is said io be a wealthy country resident, who has lately come into large "'itates, and the respondent is a young lady who has been residing in Ballarat for some'ceekiks past. The story is that the wealthy country resident married three years ago, and that within the last few months ciritumstance: have come to his knowledge which-led him to suspect the ,-delity of his spouse. There is likely, too, to be a co-respondent in the person of a local Lb?hario. QUEERa F~EINCJS. Odd sensations in various parts of the body particularly in in the head and lower extremicies, which do not amount to actual pain, but are. upon the whlole, rather worse, trouble , many persons. Almost !invariably they proceed from nervousness and weakner-r. A few doe-c if that peerless nervine and invigoran8, '.Ueoruo \VOLTE?rS cnItDrI AnnooMric. SClare rs invariably dispel all • suchl qieamr-feelirin?s and establish perfect bodily comfo'rt ai: d tr:inquillity.---A'-:l,!]. The New Zealand cable was thrown open to the public on Monday. The rate I of charge is los 6d tfr ten words or under and la for every additional word. The address and signature are counted and charged for as part of the message. The following late telegrams are from the Indian papers received by the Avoca : -" Berne, January 24.-The Conference has been held here of delegates of the International Postal Union, the Indian Government taking part, for the purpose of adopting a revision of postage rates be tween England and India. It has been agreed that the rate for half-an-ounce let ter be 6d. via Brindisi." " Londin, Jan. 34\. Negatiations continue for the purchase of the Egyptian Railways by English capitalists. Favourable results are ex peccted." The Ballarat Star tells the following story apropos of the Brough Smyth in quiry :-"It is said that a Castlemaine man, or a man near there, had a mining lease and certain moneys forfeited, and after repeated applications to the depart ment, could get no redress, although he believed he had been unjustly treated Suspecting that Mr Mackay, the Minister' then in power, knew little or nothing of the merits of the case; he resolved to go and see the Mini.ter himself. On going to the office the secretary endeavoured to put him:off, but the applicant forced his way into the Minister's room, and told his story. The secretary, who was present, gave the applicant the lie direct, and the applicant, unlike the terror-stricken clerks, at once 'gave the secretary a,good; ham mering,' as our informant phrases it, and not only that but got thie redress he sought at the hindt' of the Minister." '[We are told that the person who thus administered condign punishmsent to the tyrant 'of the Mining Department was Mr R. L. M. Kitto, of Fryer's Creek.-ED. G 7'. A London paper called the Week's News writes :-" It would seem that the leading jooural has fully recognized its mission to keep in advance of its contemporaries by detailed telegraphic, news. It has more space at its disposal than the penny sheets, and its special wire to Paris, and its special wire to Berlin, just provided, are sipple mented, we understand, by a special tele graphic connexion with India. A contract, we are informed, has beed si'ned with the Anglo-European ''elegraph 6ompany. con ceding 'tii The rimes for £4,000 fior three years the 'exclusive 'use 'of the cable be tween Bombay anud London for' one hour every Sunday night I Last Monday the. pulblic reaped' the first advantage of this arrangement, and a charmin~i account of the, week's adventures of the Prince of Vales in Ceylon was presented to'the pub-' lic don Monday' morning. This will be, withoiiut ldoiiht, a. permanent limii, for while during the excitement of the Roanl visit the principal incidents have 'been described at considerable length by tele graph by several of the special correspon dents in India, it has, of course, been at great expense, and' will not be cohtinued. Besides;'a inesage 'cut'down to a certain price is a.very miinli less readable tl ing than 'the full hour's' narrative which swill.. now be transmitted week by week." '. I-Iere is another tolerably fair snake story:-" Some time :ago, Mr Robert Williams, near this place, heard one of his wife's ducks making a noise as if something was after it; he got out of bed and went to where she was, but could not hear or see anything. lie went the second time, hiut with the same result. He told his wife he guessed the duck had gone crazy. Next morning he went to where the old duck was sitting upon her eggs, under a' brush pile, and-inmsgine his astonishment -he saw a large black snake coiled up under the duck, his snakeship having swallowed twelve eggs. Mr Williams cut its head off, cut it open, took the eggs and placed them under the duck, and eleven of that dozen eggs hatched. Mr Williams's word is as good as his bond." Owen (II.) News. 