DOUBLE MURDER AND ARSON IN IRELAND. The following are the details of the tragedy at Lixnaw, on 8th October Thomas Quitter, aged about 60, held a good farm from Lord Listowel, and was reported wealthy for his position. He lived at Kiltoomey a mile from Lixnaw, and nine from Tralee. At the end of a range of thatched houses, offices, i*cc., in which he lived, dwelt his sister-in-law, the second, or as some consider, the first victim. The pair had lived together for some years after an alleged mar riage ceremony in England. They were excom municated by the parish priest of Lixnaw for carrying on an incestuous intercourse; but on the occasion of a mission by the Franciscan fathers of Kilarney at Lixnaw last summer they submitted to the church, the excbmmunication was formally removed, and they have lived apart since. The woman had been a Widower for a number of years, and her son, John Quitter, had been several years in the police, serving in the Midland Counties. He was discharged from the force, and his uncle (the deceased) then gave him means to emigrate. He came home last year, having been seven years in America, and since then there has been perpetual quarrelling. He had been bound over to keep the peace at the suit of his mother and uncle, and informa tions .were pending against him and three others. Last' week fresh summonses for assault and threats were taken out, on which he should have answered at the petty sessions in Odorney. The prisoner had been drinking rather heavily since his return from America, but latterly he had become more temperate. He lived with his mother, and on Wednesday night the woman who acted as her servant got supper for the mother and son as usual, and retired to sleep in another house, leaving them together, about nine o'clock. At about two o'clock next morn ing James Barrett, living uear,' was awakened, and looking out saw MrsiQuitter's house on fire, and signs of fire in the .other houses.-The . prisoner was walking-up and down the road bareheaded. Barrett rah .to the house of Michael Sheedv, another nephew of old Quilter's, but found "he had already been aroused and was in the act of dressing hastily. They found Quitter jnn., (his age is 40), looking unconcernedly at the flames. Sheedy ran to old Quilter's house, and burst open the door, but was driven back by the ftain.es and smoke,.He made another, effort and succeeded in entering. He found the body of old Quitter lying on the floor with his head literally smashed in from the crown. He dragged him out, and found he was alive but insensible. He died before the authorities reached him and without recovering consciousness. The flames had taken such a strong hold of the inflammable material of the thatched houses," and the ex tinguishing appliances at hand were so defective and inadequate that the; people had to.let the fire exhaust itself. ; The police and Captain Macternqm commenced their examination as soon as possible in old Quilter's house. On the floor near where the body lay they found the remains of a four-pronged pike, the handle burned away, and in a hole in the wall they dis-: covered a bundle of papers, which turned out to be deposit recepts, 10 U's, and other securities, for £400 odd. The remains of Mrs. Quitter were next examined, and in the corner of the sleeping place there were found the ashe3 of the bed with the remains of the unfortunate woman, distin guishable by the from and the appearances of the almost' destroyed intestines, and the steal chain of the beads she had worn round her neck Under strong escort the son was brought into Tralee, where lie was lodged by the police in the coustabulary barracks. Marks of blood were found on his drawers and shirt, but it is said he had changed his outside clothes: The theory of the police is that the mother was murdered as she lay in bed, the uncle was- struck down 'With the pike, and the murderer sought to destroy the evidence of his. double crime by burring down the houses. The prisoner was removed back next day to attend the inquest; at the magis terial inquiry he preserved a demeanor of stolid coolness, refused to give any explanation, and persisted in representing himself as.innocent, and wronged. His hair is grey, and his features ill-favored . . THE UPPER MURRAT,-The correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes:-"The weatheri3 certainly such, as the oldest resident cannot re collect having witnessed before during the season of Christmas. We had a heavy fail of rain, and the sky is overcast with heavy clouds which threaten another downpour. What a contrast to this are the reports from Sydney and Mel bourne. From the first we have complaints of heat drought, and bush-fires, and from the last of excessive heat, the thermometer haying reached the high reading of 310° in the shade, and 148" in the sun ; whilst, with us, the highest reached was, in the shade, 88° varying down ward to 54°, with occasional showers. _ Whatever temporary hindrance it may occasion to the ?trathorinw in of'the hay and wheat- crops, it will undoubtedly be 6f great benefit to the pastoral interests of the district, occasioning a second growth of green grass which, should an accidental fire occur, will render its spread less rapid, and, therefore, the more easily overcome, and also removing all fears rt'f scarcity of grass and water. The river continues considerably above summer level, with occasional flushes of muddy water, which casuses it to retain its yellow color." GREAT JEWEL ROBBERY.-Information of the robbery of several thousand pounds worth of ?jewellery and other property belonging to Lord Truro has been forwarded to the London police stations. It appears liis Lordship ordered his servants to pack up into a large wickei basket, coverod with black patent leather, a quantity of ladies' materials and valuable jewel lery, amounting to, it is reported, £10,000. After the valuables were packed they were placed in a trap. The basket bore a label with tho following address:-"Lord Truro, Hotel de l'Europe, Brussels." The cart, which was driven by a trustworthy servant, stopped for a | short period in the bor-uigh, and afterwards i proceeded towards Woolwich, by the Old Kent road On the driver nearing Woolwich he was startled to find that the basket, with it valuable contents, had been by some means extracted from the vehicle. A new great armor-plated vessel will shortly be commenced at Chatham dockyard, whore a numbov-of vessels are now in hand. 