:? COUNTRY NEWS. vifniv " ,J!u-5:wy t'V; vcifio ^IPSWICHi ysatii' :'i.r4 - . . . • 2lBfc Deoember. ♦ ; •A Bene^oient SeAeon—The; Annual Search i-s-roa Pbbsento—A'THokAsraa—A Contrast . Wat to Tin: Feelings—EablyAs .o'SOCiations-^-Enjoyino Christmas—PreRara i;o*IONfl - TOE ■ THE ' HoLttAYB—A'' Peculiar .-k-Pbopie—The FrEe LisT—Drinking to | iI'I'Death—An AccidEnt—The Heat. ^TTto'date'temihdfl mo of the • different' con xtifiong of; life hnder which we liye in Australia fritat .^die'.T remember as. exiating . in'the ftjffiwlaad at the period of iny diBtantemldhood; ^n^b^ate at the head of this letter is' the one dedicated ria?.the-calender.of saints to St. I Thbinaa.:' 'It used to be, the day Tdu./wtuch ti^V/^neydlenco Whi6h characterises, the Chritfni&s;:' cycle ' opened its purse-mouth tod1 diapeased ' its bounties to the poor. The^ jpopr" tenants of wealthy landlords; the poor em£loy£s*6f healthy capitalists, and the pb^.ndighhoitfrBnf well-to-do farmers, usedto' ttokdvtito}^brhing their annual itinerary,in ieaibh tit presents —they went u a-ThoinasLng." I' WA^'der if the custom still, prevails" in those 'fcnghffi^'nioral districts, whoso' leafless Iiedg " ^c«to"&id; bqire trees used often, 'at, this season, to-W ehcased in the soft, white 'hoar-frost! I know that'.Christmas boxes and New Year's gifts are "fitillin. vogue, bat many years' have i passed einte I saw poor women and children' gathering' lags' full of wheat, ncei Hour, or' whatever useful articles they could collect. That Was ttbbnt tho Vest UBe to which it saint's, day conldbo put. '■•'Again,0. tlio' 2'lst, is the shortest day of the 1 .yei^1; in-England. There the snn rises this Wbr^'g-atdiglit; and will set this afternoon, .bout- ionr. - should the day be dull, lights WiltW'ireeded'by. half-past four, and fires all' ■ What a .contrast to our hot, clear, sunny J'Bublthis'is'giying'way to an infirmity of. mine Which; leads me, as Christmas approaches; touts vert tor, the happy days of yore when the mtfrry'party used {9 Btir up the festive spirit aWnnd::the5, " paddy :fire " on the paternal heaitfc.':!,Ii»wich is to be my themo to-day. Npt'f" iruddy'. fires,". no red-berried holly be-' dsbhed-'irith''rosettes and' oranges, hanging, from the ceiling, and tempting the sly oscula tion of youthful lips; ho ice-hound-ponds and iWMjjto-tempt skaters'into healthy exercise % ho. iutfarinVFoarfroBt sparkling like infinitesimal diamonds in tho brief, wintry sunlight! And "jrhere^is-uow: the merry party?," The W^rabies'bf-life and dutynavo scattered us,: I.toVe ^jgreet Saint Thomas's memory in a fight and slight ,as decorum .will permit.';.' I,fcave to .w^it for Father. Christmas W'^.l^peratureymying from 95 degrees .to. ll^'xlejjtees,' and painfully.seek what pleasure .^yeme hnder a broiling sun. ; .1 hope ha^will. be^more^merciful than Jast'year. I th&h; the'eicessive. heat of the ,past month has .altepm'. deprived", people of . any. pleasurable sh&^ioh's' a^out Christmas .enjoyment. BebWdjiwai.trit' with languid resignation.: , Tnero'dobs not appear to be any special zeal in •pr6yi<Bn%. for 'festivity. Of course -the; store-' Eebjimd MB.aH.biiByj-.and atooks of good things «rS'hbmg.1 laid' in store for the holidays. If Wognnot haye, outdoor frolics wo . must make th'#.bWit|use wo can of the coolest rooms of our hoitteii, J'Of- oourse hundreds will go to tho traces} even at-100 deg, in the shade..; MrJ Tavares selected a .most unfavourable night for'a,visit to Ipswich., This wook eyery biray.rs.hard, at 'work; amusemepta are out. of thtf question, Neither drama nor sleightrof handyvill draw people out the week before Christmas. Thus it was only ; a small audience, greeted the dramatic company on ■Wednesday night, It /seems .to, me. that wo Ipswichians arc a ttosi pec'idiar;pebnle. I will back—for nothing •-fth^tpsirich folk.againBt the colony for their patjbnpgb of inteUrot. Mimicry they do not «eein .to caro fot; .but the announcement of a go^'leiture has a magnctic effect upon them. Itot.Th.Uiu&y;, night a large number of people, Psseml^rt.!in...ihe-Wesleyaa Church ;to bear a leotero.from the . Bey. A.Butledge, on " Wil-, iiata'.III.and tlie Revolution." The hangers "on who take everything on the cheap were okduded';fromr the building by the definite chargeat the door. I believe a few-of the yemiBfflened^outside near the open windows. ' All, the .schools have broken up for holidays— five" weeks' holidays. A vast relieffor the teachers" I do not grudge them the .relief, but T yriush. other classes of men engaged-in , meutil persuita could get five weeks complete rrot fibm byain; work onco a year; tho Balary meanwhile going on as usual. At soma > of-our local'schools prizes were given, and tho children • wgded.witbbuns, sweetmeats, &c.; 'Tho | Hospital, Committee has accepted'the following,tendersWino, spirits, do., G. H-. Wilson and Co.; groceries and sundries, T. W. Brady and'Co.; milk, T. Green; funerals, J. W.-Beed. • • ' Mr. dohh'Farrclly is the' successful tenderer for the -removal and reconstructibn of shods, yards,d&c.;} "belonging to the Queensland P. and A-.Society." The tender of Michael Con-; sidine-for clearing the now ground, at a cost of £18Was accepted. Aldreadfnl case of "drinking hiinsolf to -, death.occurred at Harrisvillo last' week. Charles Nuttjr was in Ipswich on Thursday, j and died at his own residence on tho Eeserve I oil Friday mprning. Drink did it,, as it has ! done'sMilarly for others in that neighbourhood. . But,Warnings are wasted. Mishaps and acci J dents' oontinnc: Qn Monday an unforlunoto ; man named Carter was found on the middlo 1 road to'tlie Keserye in a stato of destitution tuid ' jnranityV",';He'was' taken to tho hospital. i '• Mri'Thomas- Webb, cordial manufacturer; Was, on'Friday last, bottling somo lemonade, 0 whou a bottlo burst and sovoroly lacerated hiB " thigh. Dr. Dossberg sewed up the wound. .'Mr. A. St. Lcgor hftfl had his collar bone • fractured by being thrown from his horse. Shen, of Rosowood Sorub, met with a peculiar but dangerous accident while* search ing for cattle..,She sthmbled- and.fell.'on a piece of'sticki'with'a sharp pointy %hioh deeply .pierced the abdomen. Dr. iloasberg. sewed up the wound, and sent the patient to the hospital. A lad named Spellman h'as been , injured by his horse falling with him. He'is recovering under surgical treatment. On Saturday the heat was almost unendur able. A hot .wind, sent the'mercuiy up to 109 degs. in the shado, and there it stood as late as 4 p.m. Two cases of sunstroke, occurred, one fatal. The town is badly off for water. Sick ness is becoming prevalent. . Tho' hospital is full. Bushfires aro Taging in ali directions; In several places, on both sides the railway, between here and the river, fire is making havoc of the httle ^bs that there was. . „ ,, : On the Ipswich Reserve thare is "Btill plenty of grass and it is green. Ho farm-work can be dohe till rain falls. 