THE VOYAGE OF THE WESTERN MONAROH. A passenger by the above vessel sands to a metro politan journal the following: The ship Western Monarch, 1315 tons, Captain .T Hatton, left the docks on December 8th and Gravesend on the 9th; had light windsdown the Channel, landed the pilot off Torbay on Monday, December 18th, and took her departure from the Start at 8 p.m. of the same day. She had a fair run across the Bay of Biscay, followed by light winds i on the 22nd passed Madeira fifteen miles to the east, and caught the S.E. trades on the same day, which were very light; crossed the line on January 11th in longtitude 27- west. A great deal of calm and light winds vere experienced, almost without intermission, until January 29th, when the ship was in 31"5 south and 26"0 west. The calms were then followed by considerable lightning at night and the next day a stiff breeze; heavy seas were ex perienced, and the weather became suddenly cold. From this time the winds were almost continually strong and fair, and a capital run was made to Tae mania, which was passed on March 5th. The total distance run in five weeks, from January 31st to March 5th, was 8820 miles. After passing Tasmania, head winds were experienced for three days, after which light winds prevailed until Sunday, March 12th, when a stiff breeze with light showers came on from the eastward, which continued during the night. On the 14th Cape Moreton was made, and the anchorage reached on the 15th at 8 p.m. On December 17 spoke the sohodner Volunteer, from Hull to Malta; on Jan. 8th spoke the ship Blair Athol, from Glasgow to Mel bourne, thirty.four days out, and on the 14th signalled a North German barque from Santo Porto to Fal mouth; on the 17th the ship Loch Katrins, from Melbourne to Falmouth, forty-nine days out, was boarded and letters were sent home by her ; on Feb. 28th spoke the ship Assays, from Cardiff for Portland Bay, eighty-six days oat; the barque Adelphi, bound to Newcastle, N.S.W., was spoken on March 12. The Western Monarch is a new iron ship classed Al, 100, for twenty-one years, and was built last year atBarrow, by the Barrow Ship-building Company, for her owners the Royal Exchange Shipping Company, J. Paton, jun., manager. She is the first ship which has been despatohed for some time by any other firm than that of Taylor, Bothell, and Roberts, who, how ever, acted as brokers in shipping the passengers; although it was currently reported in London that this would be the last vessel in which that firm would have any connection with Queensland emigra tion. The Western Monarch is eminently adapted for the emigration trade, having been built especially with a view to this business, and this, her first voyage, has proved her adaptability for carrying passengers. She left England with 448 souls as passengers; classi fied as follows :-6 adults, 1 infant, in saloon; 14 adults, 5 children, in the second cabin; and 342adulte, and 80 children in the steerage. The voyage has been one remarkable for an almost entire absence of rough weather, the breeze experienced when off the northern part of New South Wales being the only approach to rough weather experienced; in fact the whole voyage basin this respect been of the most exceptional charac ter. There have been, however, a few incidents wor thy of notice. On the evening of Sunday, January 2, just after tea, the weather being very calm and fine, the ship going two-and-a-half to three knots per hour, a young woman, named Agnes Hampton, suddenly threw herself overboard. She did not sink, but floated away astern on her back amid the most appalling and deafening shrieks from all the other girls. The boat uwain at once jumped after and caught her ; he was followed by another sailor named Starkey, who had the presence of mind to divest himself of his boots, and to throw over a life-buoy, with which he swam to the assistance of his shipmate, who had rather more to do than was agreeable, as the girl, being a large strong woman, had grappled him by the neck, and was nearly throttling him. By tho aid of the buoy, ho was enabled easily to keep her afloat until the lifeboat arrived, Starkey swimming around them in themeantime. The boat was lowered with great celerity, and in a very few minates the whole party weare safely out of the water, although not a minute too soon, as it was rapidly grow ing darkand night had closed in by the time the boat was again on the davits. Thegirl, in an insensible state, was taken to thebospital, where, fortunately, animation was soon restored by Dr. Harrick, the surgeon- superinten dent. The unfortunate croature subsequently suffered i from an attack of plourisy, For some weeke she had to ie constantly watched, as she declared her.intentlon of epeating the attempt on the Brst favourable oppor unity; and as' tbhe ship was not provided with a trong room for the confinement of criminals, she had o be constantly watched by an attendant. The rhole affair grew out of some love msatters-although, a it came out that the girl was an excellent swimmer, nany on board suspected that she had simply used his method of bringing herself into notoriety. She was, we believe, an actreess in London. Her pmesence n board, as well as that of many others, makes one wonder how passages are obtained by so many females who are anything but what the regulations of the oueensland Government admit of. Considerable agi atioen was caused early in the voyage by the breaking lown of a portion of the condensing machinery, which necessitated the pumping of the water for the mgine by the force pump. The sailors refused to eump at night to provide water for the passengers, who in their opinion ought to pump for themselves. for some time the male passengers, overruled by some if the more voluble and lazy, also refused to pomp, end there was a probability of the ship being obliged o call somewhere for water. Finally twenty-seven if the single men undertook the duty-there being no more who would assist them. Up to the last week but one these men kept a relay at the force. pump all night long, and thus the supply of water was maintained. There is too much reason to sup pose that many of the new arrivals by this ship have rome out with a view of living withount work rather than by it. As long as the system of trusting largely to emigrtion agents in large towns, whose only in trests in the selection of emigrants is the commission they receive, there will always be among both male and female emigrants a large peroentage of an un desirable elanss. On the night of February 27, an unfortunate accident befel Osptain Watson, who shot hirdseelf through the hand with a revolver ball. Under the skilfal treatment of Dr. Harricks, be is now progressing towards convalesesnce, although the hand is as vet useless. On the erdning of March 8, an alarm of fire with a succession of the mostfright ful screams in the single females' department, startled all hands. In leess than five minutes the force pump was manned, the hose passed through the booby hatch, the fire extineteurwas on hand, and every man at bin post, when it was found tobe a false alarm. It trans. pired that the matron, who, throughout the voyage, proved herself most inefficient, had a spirit lamp open in her esbia, while she boiled a small kettle over a candle. The two came in contact, when, of course, an explosion took place, which caused the alarm of fre to be spread. As it came opt that something of the sort had happened on one or two other occasions, the surgeon.superintendent took possession of the lamp on this occasion. On Tuesday, 14th, being the 9and day of the voyage, Cape Moreton was reached and a pilot signalled for, but on being informed that no pilot could come off, the ship's head.had again to be turned seaward, with many a malediction on the unhospitable reception accorded. Next eaorningOape Moreton was again made ; Pilot Sholl soon after came on board, and the Western Monarch came to an anchor in the roads at 8 p.m. There were five deaths on the passage, one being the only child of Mr. E. Rome three other infants, and one adult, a Mrs. Anderson, who was confined on board, and who died of puerperal fever, on February 23rd. Divine service, according to the rite of the Chureb of England, was conducted on Sunday mornings by Dr. Hearrick, and in the event ings by Mr. Vallanoe, aBible Christisalocal preacher. Ocanionally evening payers were read by Mr. E. Thorne, who also gave two or three addresses, and by the eurgeon.superintendent, in the single females' department. The following particulars with reference to the above vessel will be read with interest: The Executive Council having, upon the report of the Health Officer, ordered this ship and her immi greants into quarantine, and, being desirous of ascor taining whether the illness among the passengers was of a sufficiently serious nature to warrant her detention at Peel Island, appointed a commission, consisting of the unofieial medical members of the Central Board of Health--vi., Drs. Bell, O'Doherty, and Cannan to. inquire into, and report upon the matter, prior to any further action being taken. Accordingly, the members of the commission, accompanied by the actipg.Colonial Secretary, the chairman of the Immi. gration Board (Mr. Darvall), and a few other gentle. men, on Saturday, proceeded by the steamer Hate to Peel Island, for the purpose of making the necesoary inspection. The steamer left the Queen's.wharf at a.m., and arrived off the quarantine station, Peel is. land, at about 11 o'cloek. Here they were met by Mr. Hamilton, the Superintendent, and Mr. Horroeks, Acting Immigration Agent, who has been at the station for the past six or seven days enperintending the erecs tiou of tents, and otherwise preparing for the reception of the immigrants. These gentlsmsn reported that the whole of the Western Monarch people, with the exception of seven cabin passengers, had been safely landed on the previous day, together with their log. gage that no fresh cases of fever had ocourred; and that, with the exeeption of the one convealescent case of fever already reported, all the immigrants were in good health. Theoommissioners,acompanied by the Hon. W. Hemmant, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Horrocke, and members of the press, were then taken over to the island. On the beach the surgeon-superintendent of the vessel (Dr. Harrieks) was met and consulted. In answer to questions, he stated that the case referred to (a woman) was convalescent, and now showed no bad symptoms, the patient being able to eat meat. Her child had been taken ill on the 7th instant, and died two or three days ago. He did not make a pot meorlem examination, but was satisfied that bronchitis was the immediate cause of death ; there was no vieo lent symptoms in the child; the mother was still in the hospital; one man had been isolated some time ago, as a suspicious case, but he got well in ten days; had had no deaths from fever during the voyage; the only cases of fever that had occurred among the pa·. sengers were those of the woman now in the hospital, and her child; the voyage had beeon a successful, healthy one ; had had two births and six deaths, the latter being mostly among children, who died from diarrhocoa and bronchitis ; as far as he (the doctor) could see, the people were now in good health; ther. was one of the crew now in the hospital, suffering from chronic bronchitis; at the present time he saw no suspicious symptoms among the immigrants. After receiving full particulars from the surgeon superintendent, the visitors proceeded to the hospital and examined the inmates, also taking a general look round at the people ad their quarters. About twenty new tents had been erected on wooden frames near the single girls' wards for the accommodstion of tbhe married couples. Nearly every tent was.supplied with a fly, securely pegged down, and with board and blankets on which to sleep. The people, who, as far as could be judged from a cursory glance, appeared to be a healthy, able- bodied lot, were busily engaged in various ways, some washing, some carrying water, and others cooking, or attempting to sook, over bush-fires scattered here and there. Notwithstanding their con. templated detention, all seemed in good spirits, and determined to make the best of their situation. There appeared to be a unanimous opinion among the visi. tore that a vast improvement in the acommodation at the station is urgently needed, the present build. ings, such as they are, being considered not only inadequate in size but unsuitable for the purposes for which they are needed. Amongst thebo most press ling requirements are properly-constructed closete, the one or two at present in existence being, not only in a disgraceful state of dilapidation, but in a condition that renders them injurious to the health of the immi grante. Two of the waterholes on the island-those from which the single girls and married couples deo rive their supply-were visited. One, at all events, was found to contain an ample quantity of really good water, and it was stated that this had never yet bseen known to become dry. The present cemetery, how ever, is much too close to this waterhole, snd a fresh site for the purpose should be selected without delay. The quarters for the eingle men, who have also been supplied with a a new lot of tents, are some distance from those of the other immigrants, and were not visited on the present oceasion. The members of the commission held a short oon sultation on the island, and unanimously came to the conclusion that there was no necoessity to detain the people at the station longer than a thorough clounsing of wearing apparel, &e.;, together with tihe necessary fumigation, could be effeoted-excepting, f course, as regarded the siok, who could be taken froAl the island ehenever the surgeon-superintendent recommonded their removal. This decision was reported to the people, who, it may well be imagined, received tbh announcement with a considerable amount of on thusissm. The ship was next visited. She is a new iron res, se1, of splendid proportions, well fitted up, and in every way suited for the eonveyance of immighants. The bunks had been taken out, and were being con veyed over to Bird Island to be burned. The aides of the vessel are supplied with a framework specially adapted to prevent the aeoumulation of rags and other refuse at the back of the books, while at the bottom of this framework a scupper runs the whole length of the vessel on either gide, with gratings at intervra for the parose of disoberging water employed in washing the lower decks, bunks, &o.; The inspection of the resel proving satisfaory, a telegraph message was forwarded to Brisbane, and a reply soon after received, conveying the sanotion of the Cabinet to the release of the immigrants and vessel upon the completion of the cleansing operations now being carried out. 