BPECIALt WEATHER TELIEGRAMS. O WIoowrwrxNDI, January 21.-The drought is be coming very serious, thunder-showers of rain having only been prevalent for some time past. There was a slight shower this morning early. On Winton station the eattle are dying for want of feed, and from other .sttionereports are equally unsatisfactory. The IHere ford stud herd on Mr. Wyndham's station is suffer ing :greatly. Sheep are travelling from all directions towards the Balonne for feed. A change in the wea ther is thought to be pending. The heat is insuffer able, and the thermometer is averaging 99' in the shade, in the coolest places, at midday. ' o?ao , January 21.-The weather is still dry, and there is very little grass. ~feasles are still prevalent Sthe district. ?St'iv, January 21.-Tho weather continues very fine and hot. 'There has been no rain worth speaking Mffor the last six months. There is little or no grass in headlistrict, and the country is anuch parched, the tbck 'travelling for grass. S T. Gurono, January 20.-There are indications of the dry weather breaking up, slight rains having com moenced yesterday, and the weather has since continued elondy and changeable. A bush fre raged on Goulnoar bar back country from Friday to Tuesday last. Jasoary 21.-The rainfall is scarcely perceptible, the;woither having again cleared. There is little or nb 8grss within miles of the water frontage. A num lbarbf-attle have been shifted to the back country, and 10,000 sheep are travelling for grass. ':Cjii±VTTLE, January 20.-The weather continues dt t.snd intensely hot. A shower of rain, lasting tsenr.minutee, passed over the township yesterday. t nis i ch wanted throughout the district. There is" ibgreo, and the supply of water is fast failing in s eal places. Mr. Jenkins has just arrived at Man tloe, forty miles below this, with half his cattle from lj WSouith Wales. He experienced much ditenulty in t elliug up below Ccnnamulls, passing through a s'hteb of ninety miles of waterless country. The G?iWon Downs sheep (18,000), and those from Amby Downs (8000), travelling down south, are returning. edhabetter's cattle from Maryvalo, Roma road, are trn?elling.this way for water. B $ A, January 21.- The wreather is excessively ealtey. The rain-fall since Janouary 1 has amounted td.µx.inchee. Lightning is very prevalent. The country generally is well greased. 100 heifers, from iagan to ClOermont, passed on January 17, Mr Boyle in cherge. On the sime day a mob of forty horses phed, going north, in charge of Mr. Wallace. 900 bialboks for Mr. Dangaf passed south on January 12, Mfr. rown in charge. .SmAEToPas, January 20.-The heat has been ex eessive for the past week, the thermometer averaging 91::in the abode. Thunder-showers having been fre quent, the grass is looking well. Rain is wanted, there being 'do water for mining purposes. 10,000 sheep-owned by Mr. Nelson, travelling south for grass, paseed hereto-day. ,nricprE, January 21.-The weather is excessively bot'abd oppressive. Thunderstorms are of daily oc ouridbb with a strong indication of a steady and baey tfain. The rainfall during the peast week has esaeeded'thro inches. The thermometer has averaged S6 fn'uthe shade.' Mover Paent, January 21.-The first heavy down fall f-riin'foreome time past took place on Tuesday aig&s;,eooompanied by a violent thunderstorm. The country in the adjacent districts is all burnt up by bush.fires. oonazowrozr,, January 21.-The weather is most eoit, being 95' in thehbade. Nearly two inches of _rap.dll onae[esday and Wednesday last, and a fur ths? ownfall is threatening. Grass at present is in f4i..appply, but the supply of water in the district is respsed to be becoming low. A mob of cattle has rcest.leslt'Areher Brothers' Gracemere Station, for \- .inure Downs, Barcoo. A female died from the effects of sunstroke on Tuesday last, near the Dawson 3I a?stnaary 21.--In this district the supply of botk"'eand water is abundant, occasional showere of $nbiahaiipg of late been frequent. The following atpfý movements are reported :--600 head of cattle, fr ra. Bell and Wherton'e station, en route to ape d,jin charge of Mr. William Borey. 1500 hea obf cattle passed at Waverley from New South Wae& in" charge of Mr. Adams, en route to South Feoe??C oopor, from which all the sheep have been Q~P rlPmiD, Jannary 21.-The weather has been into~pely.?pt inre Friday last, but the rain has just set ....The, roads are reported heavy from the late rains heth'distriot. The supply of grass and water con 4pa netisfactory. BeumnUoeuB, January 21.-The weather continues Svery dry,5butl rain is threatening. Grass in the vieiiit' of4he:roade is very searce, and no stock, from preoassitato of the country, can travel through the distriaetandkeepftheir condition. Sr.'K~t~& as'o, January 21.-The weather here is verys56t aendtualtry, the thermometer being 95deg. in the abhda6 Grass is plentiful, but water is searce. 1200ý'hid:of cattle from Grancheeter to Waterview passadl'hte'on Tuesday in splendid condition. A mob of horses from Bilnagowan, for Rockhampton, ps ,to eadpy.--Meaoles are prevalent in the district, and sepral deaths are reported. MAOSeA, January 21.-With the exception of a abohewelast Saturday, no rain has fallen to date. Rain is mpohwanted, and the weather is most oppressively hot, .northerly and westerly winds prevailing. The sugar- sane is looking well, but will soon suffer some damageifthere is no rainfall. Bow?a,' Jdnary 21.-Thera was a heavy squall of rainlastlsiturday, but no rain has since fallen, al thongh'the' sather has been cloudy. ?Tdlvavm, January 21.-The weather is cloudy, hut ribi. The country looks well. The thermometer in th bhlibalf? tbepaat:four days has averaged 100'. Biekrusie? r p aleat mn the township and district. Two sjdred, and ten head of fat cattle have passed Juanoton Oreek es route to Cooktowa, and 600 head, also fet attle, are to leave Ttiohmoud Downs for the Fal?ergold ields this month. A man named Pierce died '" seanstroke on Wednesday afternoon, whilst ampliediainting a tombatone at the cemetery. aOs rn?a Towaue, January 21.-The weather is exceelingly hot and sultry. Heavy lowering thunder clondi,are promising a rainfall, but no rain has fallen this I.eoq, with-the. exception of showers of short duratjM, epfficient to cause a spring in the grass. Caaunas, January 2L-Theweather is unsettled. Feed -is plentiful. There are no movements of stock to report. Goonei owoc, January 21.-Heavy thunderstorms have 'oIlate been prevalent throughout the district, and thl Etheridge Rirer is rising. The Einesleigh and Ooppereld Rivers are both running, and cannot be oree ed.1 The rainfall since January 1 is equal to six inchesi The ooontry is -becoming soft, and the s?pplj?f gra Iesi most satisfastory. Sixty-four head of bhoirs for sale arrived on Tuesday last from New South Wales. NoznANzoo, January 2L-The weather is un usually 'dry for this season of thbo year. The rainfall during December amounted to six and a half inchos, and from January 1 to date 2"15 inches. At present there are no signs of floods in the river. Graes is abundant, and the stock are looking well. Forty head of dairy cattle from Taldora passed here recently for Georgetown. The In, schooner, is preparing to shift 800 bead of mixed cattle from Sweer's Island to the mainland.-Courier. William Boatswain Johnson, of Ipswich, boot and shoe seller, waeadjudged insolvent on Friday lest, upon his own petition, before his Honour Judge Lutwyehe. The first meeting of creditors in tje estate was fixed for the 81st instant, the usual statement of liabilities, &o.;, to be diled by the 28th. At & late District Court two suitors put in an ap. pearance before his Honour the presiding Judge, end the plaintiff secured a verdict by which the defendant was adjudged to pay a debt by monthly instalments, failingtodeo so, he would be requested to retire from the publiegase for a time. The days of graeo hav ing expired, the plaintiff in accordance with his legal righte--eeMerebhant of Venice-wished to incarcerate his quondam friend, but found there were technical objeeti6ns which prevented the disciple of Tubal Cain from being fed and lodged at the public expense. The disciple had to be transferred to a neighbouring hostelry, with his attendant, where it is scarcely neces. sary to' ay they live like fighting cocks. The beauty 6f the matter is that the recipient of all these attentions'seems to enjoy the fun and is looking for ward with great glee to the prospect of being able to pay a visit to the Capital, with a valet to attend on him. He has once or twice been heard to say that if his old friend the "Merchant" will only enable him to earry'outthis long projected trip he will always feel grateful,-Peak Dotor elegram. 