PASTORAL NEWS; STOCKMOVEMENTsl | AND MARKETS. BOUBKB STOCK REPOnT.-Januory 8th. Stock owners are quiescent with their stock just now, awaiting a down-fall of rain, which is so anxiously looked for. From all points north and west of Bourke, our correspondents inform us that the country is parched and waterless, excepting those stations lying outeida a sort of doomed circle-the no rain one. We have but few movements to chronicle. We leam that 10,000 sheep, the property of the lion. John Hay, aro travelling down the Culgoa i en route for Thurlagoon station ; they are from the Bon Accord station, Queensland. 500 hoad of fat | cattle are travelling down the Darling for Wilcannia for sole ; they are expocted to arrive early this month. It is. next to impossible .to travel with ¿hoop at present. Owners of stations in tho imme- diate . district «re removing their flacks further inland,- in order to avoid decimation or nonrly so. Several unstockod runs upon which improve- ments have hoon mado, and ready for stocking, have been abandoned for the present. Accounts of stock dying for want of water and herbage aro continually rea :hing as.- K rain does not visit us, the losaos will ho serious.- From the Bulloo River, under date Doe. 27th, wo have "received tho following: Tlint light showers have fallen'during the Inst fortnight, but not sufficient to bo of any great benefit. Snrao cattle on 4he Corangula Creok aro obliged to be shifted to somo distance, owing to tho want of water. 900 store cattlo aroshortly oxpected to arrive nt Thargo- mindah station,, from Chnrtors Towers, having been purchased by tho owner of that station. Ko fat cattle aro yet nlile to start for want of grnss. Bourke Telegrapñi FoiWBB STOCK IJKPonT.-~January 14, 1878. Another week of dry hot weather ; in fact the thor moineter lins stood'' at over 90' most day», nnd on Thursday reached 95' in the shade. Everything is parched and dry ; oomplnints aro coming in from all quarters of no feed, and wetter running out, so that prospects at present are not tho most encourag- ing. Wool is still coming up from down the river. This oveniug there are symptoms of a chance, and many are anxiously looking and hoping that it may come. There aro plenty of stock movoraonts, but fow Bulos to roport, tho chief difficulty is to know which way to travel.-Tfio following aro the locil passings: 3000 mixed sheop (Trosillion's)' from Yamma, going to tho Albert Wator Holes on the Bogan ; owner in charge. 1500 fat ehoep (Osborne Bros., of the Bogan) going to Cowra ; liodgo in chargé. 14,500 mixed sheep; belonging to T. K. Scott, Esq., of Victorin, for tho Barwon; Weir in charge. 600 superior store bullocks ( \V. M. John- ston's] are close to for salo f they are reportod na an Al lot.-Foibcs 2'itnes. WAOOA WAGGA STOCK ERHÖHT.--January 14, 1876: We hnvo nuw, apparently, ontored upon sum- mer, the temperature for the past fow days- being far moro in nccordnnco with general notions of what is seasonable in January on tho Murrumbidgee Ono or two smnll bush-fires, too, in tho vicinity havo assisted to put an ond to tho delusion that wo- were in early spiing instead of midsummer. Stock koop in good condition, for feed is still plentiful, and there is yet no sign of wator becoming scarce. Down tho river tho weather hns been hot, but thoro the want of water is becoming severely fuit by those who havo not done anything towards pnvirling ngninst tho contingency. Towards tho Plain?, after a. fow hot days, a chango took place, sinco when tho weather has beon remarkably cool and agrooablo. Heavy clouds havo been hanging nbout, but th,> rain has boen very slight indeed. In tho Manaro district the weather lins been variable. We hour in some quarters of hot weather, and1 of frosts in other directions. In the local market thoro is still good inquiry for fat cattle, especially first class bullocks. Store cattle aro not in Buch good request, and pur- chase» appear to be doubtful about investing. Store sheop ore improving, the mark o t being brisk, particularly for wethers fit for fattening and wean- ers, while there is a good inquiry for young owes, Messrs, Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co. havo sold 4ö fat bullocks for Messrs. P. and J. Troy, to Mr. W. Walsh ; a puru-brod bull for Mo'ars. 15. and A. Westby, to Mr. Pabst, of Ton-mila Creek r and (in conjunction with Messrs. Wv and J. Italeig' ) tho Jumble PlainB station, with 6000'shoep, &c;, for Mr. C. Spiller, to Messrs. M'Cully, Denny, and Co. Tim only stock movement to rocord is tho arrival of 680 store cowa (Mr. Kennedy'«) from the Castlereagh, now awaiting sale hero; Mr. G» A. Elliot (P., and Co), agent.- Waqga Wagqa Empress, HAY STOCK ÄKPOIIT,-January 12th, 1870. Weather warm and dry. Plenty of grass,, hut a scarcity of water, is the news coming from all quarters. The roads between tho Murrumbidgee and tho Darling aro now dangerous to travel, from tho long waterless stretches intervening. 180 fat cittlo ropoitod from Hillston on 1st inst. crossed at Hay on the 11th, Mr. G. Butts in charge, for Hol- bourne. BOOOstoro ahoop crossed for- Hon. W. Wilson's Willandra station, from his station on the Murray. 4000 fat sheep, Dr. Dickson.'», from Uabba for Melbourne, iiitcharao of Mr. Harrington, crossed yesterday. In stock lnpvomonts we- bavo to report -&O00; fatshoep stnrtedkrom Culpnturaon 28th tilt., m chargo of Mr. Goyder; 6th inst., 2180 do. loft Groongal, and 8th inst.. Í200 do. loft Hunthawang, all fur Melbourne. Olir Hillston correspondent roports that the weatherlduring the past ten days has been very dry, with boisterous winda opproach ing to hurricanes, some day» very coo!, and the following hotscorohing tornadoes. Tho result of this has been the scorching up of the grass, which is very lengthy and dry, and Rreat care should now be taken ns regards-fires. But tho groat drawback is somanythousandsof sheep having lind tocóme in fro m the bick blocks, and others making an ni tempt to cross to Bourke and elsewhere on the Darling, hav- ing to loiter up the river until the rain sets in, and tho withdrawal of largo numbers of cattlo from the market from the samo cause, Tho mob of 39 horses, advertised by Mr. Mackenzie, coming from Cudgie Creek, did not arrive until 4th instead of 1st instant, consequently a lot of buyers wore disappointed. 7800 ewes bolongtng to Mr. John Davidson, of Bur rawoena station, Bourke, T. Evans in chargo, passod Illiston on 6th instant, on tho north downwards, ns thoy could not proceed to station for want of wator. They are in very excellent condition. A large mob of sheep from the Hunthawang run are repotted near Hillston for Melbourne. Mr. Simpson's, of Wydonp, shoop aie at Booligal, north side, Mr. Simpson, jan., in charge. A. Macpherson reports the sale of 40 head of cattlo to Mr. Mackenzie, of Ivanhoe, 20 head of prime fat cows to Donohoe Brothers on account of x\lr. Ilorriott, South Hay, at highly satisfactory prices, 380 ewes with lambB at foot, and 100 fat ewes to Mr. W. Churoho ; and lins several draughts of cat- tle and slieopsand horses now uhdsr offer for several ownersÄ-^jfci eyineißraziorfffay, \\\ 