DOES SUNSHINE PUT OUT A FIRE ? Many an old bushman would answor this query with a decided affirmative, but it has often struck us that the fire (a bush-fire for instance) is not lessenod in strength by tho sun although its glare is rendered less intense in comparison with tho brighter and more powerful sunlight. Every one knows that fireworks aro not nearly so brilliant to tho sight on a bright moonlight night or in tho day time as they aro when dis played on a dark night. A contemporary says : A good deal of discussion has lately takon placo ovor tho old question whethor sunshine chocks combustion. It is an old notion that sunshine lessens the intensity of a firo, and may ovon put it out, and the theory was that the sun's heat, by expanding tho air, caused a diminished supply of oxygen to tho coal. This and all other explanations aro now con demned, and tho fact is denied. One writer says that if a few pieces of charcoal aro ignited in a chauffer, and placed in a sunny room pro vided with closely-fitting shutters, the firo will appear to die, away in tho sun's light. But if tho shutters are closod, the coals will bo seen to bo m full combustion. Thoro is no phouomenon at all, but only tho appoaranco of ono, which is duo not to the sun's heat, but to tho fact that its light, boing stronger than that of tho coals, overcomes and subdues it. The fact of combus tion is so intimately connected with glowing ignition in our minds, that anything which lessons tho glow appears also to diminish tho combustion. SNAKK-OHAUJtiNa.— It . appears from tho ' BaJIarat Post' that oar Australian roptiles have an oar for music. A lad of Mr. Upjohn's, of LyonB-stroot, was playing an accordoon, when a close up'tolpmusiLn7ovidon\1y°aHra'0teo1idby the music/ The lad; in alarm, called his mothe? who, coming suddenly on the scono, nearly trod on tho roptilo, whioh, however, glided out of sight in tho confusion, and could not bo dis covered . After a time tho boy commenced playing his instrument again, when tho snako ouco moro camo out of his hiding place attracted by the dulcet strains, but its enjoymont was cut snort by a neighbour putting an end to its exist ence. 