IMELBOURNE. (JFKOJI OUIl OWN COUBESPOXDEXT.) Thursday Evening. Wo breathe once more ! The Government have adopted the course suggested by the Argun this morning, have digested their leek and withdrawn the Land, Property, and Income Taxes. And so another political crisis has been temporarily averted. The .Ministry have advanced, another stage to wards the haven of recess, and the sole question is, will they ever attain it. Many days freighted with political contest and manoeuvre have passed over our heads since I expressed the doubt if in the excited condi tion of Parliament they would ever reach the harbor for which they have struggled so man fully. Events continue to justify my doubt, and never has it been so nearly fruitful as at the prcseut moment. Last night a hastily or ganised conclave of Ministerial supportcra waited upon the Premier to ascertain his intentions, and pointed out to him bluntly that events had now reached such a stage | that either the Ministerial supporters would now have to pass to=-the Left, or that, in self-defence, they must cast their leaders into the cooler shades of Opposition. De spairing of support in the Council, the Ministry have adopted the only practicable course open to them, and propose to meet the deficit in the revenue by the issue of Treasury bills. Can it be hoped that the House, so nearly divided, will consent to this course, and will permit a recess before the Appropriation Bill has been discussed '! The Ministry are reduced to the position of a wild horse at bay between contending bush fires. If their Bill of new taxation were for warded to the Council there can be 110 doubt that it would be cast out, on the general principle that so notable an alteration in the | incidence of import should not be attempted when theapprovaloftliecountry was so faintly indicated. If they, as they havedecidcd to do, stay tlieir course, the House will scarcely assent to credit thein with a large expenditure in the face of an inevitable deficit, without exercising its voice in regulation of the appropriations. If they obtain a dissolution have they any chance of returning with a more confident majority than that which at., present adheres to them. Dreading a disso lution, recognising resignation as suicide, fearing to force their new taxation upon an Upper House notoriously opposed to it, doubtful of their support in the country, unable to master the Assembly by numbers, the .Ministry are in as grave a plight as ever witnessed in the political annals of Victoria. The supposedly cleansed It.M.S. Sumatra departed to-day with an unusually large complement of passengers, amongst whom the names of the Hon. T. Elder and family —whose services to exploration are familiar | to all of us— will be noticed. She takes with lier52,5GS ounces of gold (the bulk of which has been shipped by the Bank of Victoria), and £25,230' worth of specie, the bulk of which goes to China for opium and tea, and to India to-be converted into currency and jewellery. The Ballarat Amateur Ilaccs arc singularly inattractivc to our metallicians. There is absolutely not a single bet upon them worth recording. Can it be possible that this is attributable to the absence of the professional element'! Is it because there is an impres sion that the various events will be competed for by bona fide amateurs in a fair sportsman like spirit that the " ring" fail to see money in them ? 0 lempora Omores ! The man ltaynor, accused of making false coins, was brought up to Court to- pay, and was, after lengthy evidence as to the case | against him, committed for trial, but the Government analytical chemist, who had been called upon to test the supposed spurious coins, and which had been noted as such clever imitations, very unexpectedly testified that he had found tliem genuine. However, the circumstances were so much against the j accused that he was committed oil the charge | of coining, also for stealing books from the Public Library. An exasperated client took it out of his solicitor to-day in Queens-street, by the sum mary process of kicking him d tergo, saying that being a scoundrel the lawyer was not worth the trouble of a legal process. The energetic elderly gentleman laid on as if he were castigating one of his former boundary riders, but youth favored the other side, and after the indignant elder was brought to the ground bystanders intervened. The Walter Sherwiu cigar business will, it is said, be referred for the decision of the Police Magistrate, as the Customs ollicials are, in their evidence, qnite at variance with the written statement of Mr Shcrwin. The Messrs L. Stevenson's case of alleged false returns to the Customs has advanced a stage, and one point of accusation, that wrong .measurements were given, has been shown to be without proof, the actual mea sures corresponding with entries. 