AGRICULTURAL, AND PASTORAL INTELLIGENCE. There is nothing of a strictly local character \ in the way of a^ricaltnral news to report this week. Kaiu U still much wanted by every class in the community more especially by those who cultivate the soil, and those who have large possessions in the way of flocks and herds. The weather lias l>ce:i of a disagreeably warm temj>eratnrc through out the week but a change seems to have taken place in several parts of the colony within the past few days signs of rain being inanifcst&L; The ram show at Hallarat is to l>e held on the Utli and 14th September next. The California fields are ploughed with what are called gang ploughs, which are simply four, six, or eight ploughshares fastened to a stout frame of wood. On the lighter soil eight horses draw a seven gang plough, and one such team is counted on to put in 040 acres of wheat in the sowing sea son, <»r from eight to ten acres per day. Cap tain Gray near Merced, has put in this season 4000 acres with live such teams—his own land and his own teams. A seed sower is fastened in front of the plough. The plough has no handles, and the ploughman is, in fact, only a driver : he guides the team, the ploughs do their work. It is easy work, and a smart l*»y if his legs are equal to the walk, is as good a ploughman as anybody, for the team turns the corners, and the plough is not handled at all. (hi the heavier sod the pro cess is somewhat different- An eight-horse team moves a four gang plough, and gets over about six acres j»er day. The seed is then sown bv a machine which scatters it 40 feet, and sows from To to 100 acres in a «tnv, and the ground is then harrowed and cross-harrowe<L An up-country correspon dent informs us that bush-fires arc raging in the vicinity of Lexton in the thickly tim bered ranges of the Pyrenees thus destroying miles of rich pastoral country for the time being. Another correspondent writing from near Guudngai in Xcw South Wales informs us that the weather is very dry, but life in the back country is made pleasant; water is much wanted there as the creeks and waterholcs are rapidly drying up, cattle and sheep are fast 'lying for want of water and ffM^l. whilst settlers and others are com pelled to keep their stock travelling in order to -save them. The fW/V'-r says:—" The yield of grain this year in Warrenheip, IJuugaree, and Moorabool Creek is consider ably less than last year. The greater jtortion of the j»otato crop sown in black soil and low-lying grounds in these districts was greatly checked, if not totally destroyed, by the few frosty nights which occurred in the early }*arfc of last week." The following is from the Aron't A'lrt rti*> r :—"Judging by what some of our viguerons say concerning the prospects of the coming vintage, it is likely that the excellence of the grapes will prove to 1* somewhat partial. The hermit age burgundy and pincau Mane, will l>e Inst in jM»intof quality here, not much being expected of the clmsselas and some other white varieties. Fruit has become exceed ingly j'lentiful in this district, the wholesale prices being much below what were obtained Last year. Several owners of Large gardens decline to sell, Ijclieviug that the manufac ture of the fruit into jams will prove much more profitable. If a system were intro duce*! by which jams O'uld Ik.* so uinnuiao tured and tinned as to be ])resentnl>!e to wholesale buyers, ive should S'»ei have a aerv imj«ortaut industry in this district.*' Hie WerraeknaLeal correspondent of the same journal says: "The fanners are busy ploughing and carting their grain to market, and. from all appearance, the amount of acreage under cn*p this season will Ik.- far in excess of last year : in fact, there is every prcs]»ectof it reaching twice the area of last season. Messrs Cameron brothers of Wattlcdale, intend to put in from ISO to2«*0 acres of crop, and several others will not be farlndinnL The soil for the most part is of such a nature that it turns up better dry than when soaked with the winter rains, conse quently there is rmt such waiting there is down country for tlie rain to set in before starting ploughing. The grass, although kept very short ou the runs here, is not very dry ur scarce. The line shower that we got fconie fortnight or so ago gave it quite a start, and in many phices. e--;»ccinlly where the grass was gts«i tiuring the spring, it lias quite a greenish appearance : indeed taken it altogether, it is » considerable improve incut upm what it was this time last ycar.v The wheat harvest may now be said to be over here (says the lk>ni> r W<t!rL.) it lias n-'t l*-en a heavy one, the area under wheat l»eing small, and the yield light. 1'helightest crops will run something over 10 bushels and the heaviest up to -So. The district Iris not git»\ni a gr«at<lcal more than will supply the local consuiiiptiou. A Lake Muiidi corres]K»udeut of the Ojuuh< io»fy a Hamil ton paper, says most of the crops alou^ the bonier are cut an<I stacked waiting for the thresher. The oats are very heavy, and in ironic paddocks will yield quite 40 bushels to tile acre. 1 lie wheat, as far as can be judged will I*e about 20 bushels to the acre. Fens and potatoes are g",„1. especially the latter. Feed continues abundant, ami the dock are I*»*kiii:r first rate. The T'nm* snvs ; —"There is an area of nearly 200.1 KXl.W) acres of pnMic lands in Xew'Soutli Wales, tw«olliir<Is of which are *»ecuj»ied by squatters on short leases, but all of which, excepting public reserves, is oi>eii to free selection.** At Jloj.tr Creek, in the Jnglewotwl di>triei. tlie grain crop has averaged from 20 to 2~» bushels to the acre: at Mvsia. further north in the same part of the colony 30 bushels to the acre have been obtained. * The Cheviot Hills hstate, near Fenhurst, lias passed into the liands of Mr John A. Hutton, who was tlie only tenderer. From Mount Ganibierwelearn that a most unseasonable and severe frost there lias seriously <hvfuaged tne j>otat<» cr< >p, and that the variety kuutvn as "^uttoifs Flour balls,** have resisted the effects of frost much 1 >etter than any of the other varieties in cultivation. The JMhr.it St«r savs " In many cases in Ilungaree the splendid crop of peas this season hasiM.cn the mainstay of the laraiers when the wheat lias failed to a great extent. \ eiy few vie'ds are under 40 bushels jH.-r acre, and in some instances the crop has given Ijetwcen and 70 bushels." The London ooTCsn'mdcnt of the .s>bo// J/or.o„7 //w/,/ states that the Annual".'Ihow at the agricultural Hall on 10th of De cember, ISTo, was a great success. Perhaps the machine which most interested Hod"e, m»w keenly alive to liis own interests, was a new sheaf-binding reaping machine. ' Keap nig liiacuincs he had long ljceu familiar with, but a machine which could both reap and bind the sheaves was sometliing new, The machine is the invention of Mr Walter A. According to the Tinn -•>: \--"The cut cum falling upon the endless liclts on the platform is carried to one side, luted, anil delivered into a sort of hoiijier, waere revolving arais separates enough for a sheaf bunco, pinches it close, whip-di thin wire round it, twist the two ph.es of tlie wire round one another when thev meet, ar.d then cuts the wire asunder anil tosses off the tightly-bound sheaf. Tlie marvel is in the simplicity of the parts hy which all this succession of operations is .affected with a steady, regular motion, and as much expe dition as required. The binding apparatus adds about two hundredweight to tile wei-dlt of tlie reaping machine, but the horse-power to actuate it is said to be Jess than that requisite for driving delivery rakes. The thin annealed iron wire cosls'ahimt Is -Jd to Is Sd j>er acre. At first Mr Wood experi mented with machines making the bands from the straw of the sheaf bunch, hut found no way of avoiding the shedding and waste of grain during.the process. He theii tried twine; this was subject to mildew .-mil rapit. decay, so that the sheaves, if holdin" tirm till they reached the stack, fell pretty much to pieces, before tlie time came for threshing. The objection to the wire, of course, is the liability of its injuring animals which eat or He upon straw ; hut a tool is provided for cutting the wire hands as the sheaves are fed to the threshing machine, audit is found easy to cut and collect the lands in the liaml, it lieing, therefore, <>nU chance banils which go through the machine with the straw, perhaps to prove troublesome afterwards in the chaffcutter. !5. tlie ,^ttlfr or the stable bedding." The Co/i'orvoit /'nmnTsavs:—" A favourite, and rather a new kind of "mash tor - i new kind of masli for horses is coming into use, composed of two quarts of oats, one of bran, and half a pint of llaxseeik Tlie oats are first placed iu the stable bucket, over which is placed the linseed ; add Iwiling water, then the bran, covering the mixture with an old rug, and allowing it thus to rest f >r live hours ; then stir the mass well up. The bran altsorbs while retaining the vaponr, and the linseed binds the oats and brau to gether ; a greater quantity of flaxseed would make tiiepre]>arr.tiou too oily and less relished. * >iic feed per ilay is sullieient; it is easily digestible and is sjieeially adapted to young aaimals, .-elding to their volume rather than 11 their height—giving substance to their frame, i'rofessor .Sanson reminds us not to overlook the food, in the nourishment ques tion, in connection with the amelioration of livestock. He considers oats, as so gener ally given to sheep, as objectionable, and ap proaching the unprofitable; rains generally receive one pound of oats daily, ewes half that quantity- Oats forming and exciting food, are especially suited for rams during the season when they serve, hut for hastening the devclopement of young sheep they only build up the bones, not the flesh." 