Pastoral Items. Thc stock movements at Jerry's Plains for the weuk ending 20th December have been as follows: 15th December: 200 mixed cattle (fat and stores), frorni Bulgarie to Abbey Green, Singleton ; owner Mr. George Loder in charge of Mr. It. l'reeinan. 16th : 220 fat cattle, from Pockataroo to Sydney; owner, Mr. Thomas Cook; iu charge of Mr. McDonald Clarke. 18th: 120 fat cattle, from Killarney to Maitland; owner, Mr." Doylo; in charge of Mr. Edward Merrick. 20th: 200 fat ont tlc from Tyrell to Syduey; owners, Messrs. Richards and Williams ; in charge' of Mr. Mugwick. A correspondent writing from Bridgman to a northern contemporary, reports :-" Tho weather is at thc presout very changeable ; some days almost remind; a body of winter, while others again are hot and scorch ing. Tho rain, which we aro all anxiously praying forr is still wanting, although heavy clouds are threatening, a heavy downpaiv daily ; and under this state of things vegetation ns a matter of course is assuming a rather parched look. Stock looks vory fair yet, but as the grass is now becoming very scarce, we are afraid that this will not be case after a while." On Tuesday before Christinas (we learn from tho STAR) the shearers engaged at Tenterfield Station«, completed their laomrs, having shorn 2{,000 sheep. The clip has turned out well, both in weight and quality, aud the wool has been got in under favourable circumstances, the weather having been suitable during: tho entire operations. On Wednesday wo noticed a number of respectable looking men loaving tho station eu route homewards or to other sheds, who appeared: evidently doicrniiucd not to bo "lambed down" thh time. This can bc traced to tho influence of tho ab stainers, a number of whom were employed afc tho Ten terfield woolshed, under Mr. A. Telfer, who is, wo are assured, a true believer in the cold water movement. From the Upper Barwon River:-" The weather* up here remained fine since my last, with the exception of a few hours' rain last Monday. It set in from tho southward, and wo wore not disappointed very mu jil, as wc ra roly got a heavy rainfall from that quarter. it has boen very hot lately, tho thermometer marking 110 deg. in the shado. Things arc beginning to look rathol* serious, and not all bright for tho grazier ; grass and water aro getting scarcer ovory day. We now look forward to January for a break-in the drought, as wo nearly always get rain about that timo. Stock up to tho present timo aro in good condition, but cannot so much laager, unless wo getraiu. The click of the shearn has all butcensod in the different woolsheds about here and teams being plentiful, most of tho wool is on thu road for Murrurundi railway station. Thc clip for 1875 has boon very heavy, the wool bciug well-grown. Tho Wilcannia stock report of tho Tutus is as follows:-Tho weather during the pant week has been dry. We bad a slight shower on Sunday last, but not nearly suflioient to do any good. Tko dry weather and indications of drought are becoming serious matters, and out back we already hear of sheep going on tim I wallaby. At Bourke tho Ci-iNTitAi, says :-Owing tn the continued dry weather, stock movements havo been retarded, and very few items are at hand. AVc are in formed that Mr. Tobin has purchased 2000 head of cattle from Messrs. Allison, on the Castlereagh, and that he has started 015 fat bullocks for thc Melbourne market, in charge of W. Kolly, and that 500 store bul locks mid 000 cows with calves have started for "Winbar. 1818 fat sheep left B. J. llain's station on the 25th ultimo, for the Bathurst markets, J D. Murphy in charge. 1200 wethers and 700 owes have started from ' Yarrowceu station for the southern markets ; in charge of A. Smith. From Brewarrina our own correspondent writes that 3300 fat sheep, the property of M'Leay and Beaumont, crossad thc Pontoon on the 27th November, eu route for Syduoy via tho Marrar Creek, F. H. Powell in ehargo. Tho now; proprietors of the Milroy station, Messni. M'Millan Brothers and Co., are making very ext'j.isive improvements. They aro about erecting a : now and commodious woolshed, setting a more poworf ul i steam-engine for wool washing; besides other addenda to meet requirements. The NARRABRI HF.RALT» reports:-The drought continues;-in this short sentence may bo summed up thc present s ate of this part of tho colony. Grass is a. . th'ur; of thc past ; water is only known on tho frontals, -rherci'ecd is not. Stockowners contemplate travelling t'.icir sheep and cattle. But in which dirocticu to tako thom 13 tho question to which no answer may bo yivcu, for all partu arc " tarred with' tho same brush." The , '.'onsequenco of this uufortunato state of alf airs ia a general stagnation of pastoral business, promising a , iixorA unsatisfactory termination. Tho weather co:i [ tinucs beautifully line, ¡ind cool southerly breezes ht'.vc, tempering thc atmosphere, made existence fairly bear able* But tho long and earnestly desired rain comes ? not-the drought centinuss. lu station matters there is absolutely nothing to report, .nor does there apptar 1 any likelihood of their being anything for some time to , come. Passings havo been few, and as follows -. Oa Monday 1700 fat wethers, E. Vickery's, from Edgeroi -an indifferent flock, J. Dodds in charge, passed. Anc .during the week the Midkin, Bombadello, and Buuu: Bunna drafts of fat beasts passed up the left bauk o tho river. Having crossed at Molly, wo have been un ( «ble to ascertain on what days they passed. The Com . badello uud Bunna Bunna mobs were nsticed in ou last issue. The Midkin, Town and Onus,' Skuthorpe ii chargo, consisted 210 fat beasts. Travelling is vcr, bad. The "Warialda correspondent of the TAMWOKTJ 2SKWS states :-Tho weather still continues terribly dr j sind unless rain soon comes, stock hereabouts will hav a hard time of it. Present indications are in favour of change, heavy masses of black clouds having sprung u in tho west, and tho sultry atmosphere being almos »tilling, circumstances which usually precede a storm ii in this part. Despite the continued drought, selection i still the rage, and a good deal of land was taken up las land day. It is stated on credible authority, that Mi John Crane, well-known and respected hereabouts, i about closing for tho G uueyerwarildi station, the prie being £03,000. Mr. Crane being an enterprising indi vidual who understands his business, and will be a usef u neighbour, the general wish is that he may succeed ii effecting terms, and prosper with his speculation. "With tho exception of one or two small sheds shearing at Buckley's Crossing (says the MONAH* MKUCUUY) is entirely nt au end for thc season,and fron various accounts that have beeu bunded to your corres pondent the clip is rather light, considering the very dr; and favourable winter we had for the health of shceii but littlo of tho wool is shorn in the grease. Very earl; on Thursday morning a real nico drop uf rain fell, alu not before it was wauted, the country beginning to luol rtasched and dry for the want of it. Two or three duy. Kteacly rain would have a beneficial ciTect on the stock io the comiug winter. At Michalngo haymaking is ru pi dh going on. The Dubbo District Stock items ar« as follows -530 head of fat cattle (Aarons') from thc Bogan ure coming up tile river, for Melbourne. They arc a ven fine lot-one half being very fat and prime : lit; .stun cattle (GolwelVs) have gone on to Forbes foi salo. The "Warren passings are:-3900 fat sheol from C'olano passed "Warren on the 2» »th for .Sydney 12,000 sooro sheep (Towns and Co.) passed oi tho 22nd for market-are now looking out for : place to shear. Our Mara Creek correspondent says: J30 fat cows (prime) belonging to the Hon. John Hay from Thimilgunnia, on the Warrego, have gone up travelling towards Melbourne for sale. 200 fat cattle ( H Smith's) started from Pillicawarrina on the lGth foi Mudgee or Sydney. Davison's sheep have been down again and have passed back southwards-this is the third time they have passed here within a fortnight. 2000 fat shesp (Sawers and Orr's) have passed ou the 17th foi Sydney. Messrs. Ridge, of "Willie, are mustering fat cattle for Melbourne. "We learn that a lot of fat cattle (700) have passed down the Wammerawa for Willarcj (M'Kay-s). There has been nothing, says the FORDES THIES, but a succession of windstorms during the week. Kain hus seemed imminent ou several occasious but it Iras invariably blown over and it still looks us unpromising at ever. Every thing has a parched and burnt up look, and if rain docs not soon come the consequences will ht serious. Business in the local market still continues exceedingly dull. Mr. Chas. St. Baker reports sale, on account of J.L. Whitmill, Esq., to Messrs. Dowling and Co., Genungie, of 1000 ewes in Iamb, at a satisfactory price for cash. Our Hillston corresijondcut, of date 22nd, reports : 14,500 ewes, belonging to T. Iv. Scott, Esq., hound for Gingie station, Barwon River, passed Hillstone, in two mobs, to thc north side of the river; Messrs. Weir and Langhorne in charge. 2000 fut sheep, belonging to Mr. II. B. Welsh, Euabalong, passed on thc north side on tho 15th. Mr. Drysdale passed on the 16th to bring up the Groongal sheep for tho Willandra station. 1700 breeding ewes, bound for Ncwbcbinda station, Bogan, Mr. W. AV. Pettitt (owner in charge) passed on the 20th. 7200 hoggets, belonging to A. G. Joues, Esq., crossed to thc north side on the 21st, proceeding up river; Mr. E. G. Fennell in charge. 7-100 mixed sheep, belonging to A. G. Jones, Esq., crossed to the north side on the 22nd proceeding up river; Mi-. T. H. Murray in charge. These two mobs ure all youug sheep and in splended condi tion, which shows that great care has been taktnin thc droving; thc ewes have very fh;e wool, but this may bi- expected as they were pun based at a long figure, being the progony of Mr. M'Caughey's Coonong stud. 10,000 mixed sheep, belonging to M'Gregor anil Campbell, will cross on the 23rd for Booligal. 170 mixed bullocks from Booberoy station, Ljicblau, passed on the 17th. Mr. Wm. Scott in charge, bound for Sand hurst ; Dalmahoy, Campbell, Hepburn, and Co., agents. The weather has been very changeable during thc week. On Sunday, the 12th, heavy rain of six hours' duration ; Wednesday, the 15th, thunderstorm, after that, hot scorching winds. Tho weather during the past week (says the Dunno DISPATCH) has been remarkably dry-no >ign of rain. The country on all sides is beginning to feel the effects of the continuance of this weather, ¡iud in sonic instances so marked has been its results that sheep havo commcuccd to travel for feed and water. And if there be no rain beforo the ucw year, many more thousands will be on what is more forcibly called the wallaby. In tho immediate neighbourhood of Dubbo- along the river Hats, &c.-there; is not a vestige of green feed, but out back and on the enclosed grounds, though green feed is scarce, there is plenty of dry old grass which will prevent stock from wanting. Thc water in the clay pans and holes is giving way or has been exhausted ; and now thc only permanent supply is nt dams or wells. The river is getting very low, and a fresh for a good many.reasons would be ac ceptable. On thc Macquarie, below Dubbo, feed is scarce, in numerous localities ; but in some cases, it is numerous enough. This dry season has proved more than nil that could be written the advantages arising from fencing. Persons who had thc energy and pluck to fence have plenty of feed-although their runs have carried far more stock since tbeyjwere enclosed than they ever did before. On the Mara, the'weather continues dry. Kain is badly required, but it is in- some way gratifying to know that uotwithstandinp the drought, stock of ail descriptions as yet look well. Like in the majority of places, it is the fear of what it might be rather than the present condition of matters which frightens. On the Castlereagh, the want of ruiu is being very forcibly felt-and as water is failing fast ou thu river as wull as thc back country, the ert'eots of the drought will be forcibly felt if there should bo another month without a copious fall of tho required element. On the Barwon thc weather is unchanged dry, and-rain wanted. There arc rumours of largo bodies of sheep about to como down, looking for feed, from tho Queensland border. On tho Duck Creek, Marthaguy, Sec., thero ia a waut of feed. The RIVER IXE GRAZIER fllay), publishes the following :-The past three days have been something like our usual summer weather, the thermometer ihow inj about SO deg. through tho night, and up to li» deg. . hiring the day. Wc hear that the country towards the Darling is in" want of heavy rain. Bush"fire:', ere be-1 c arcing somewhat prev¿leat. There was ooo oa Herar bury last week, anti another yesterday in Burrabogie, In many places the grass is several feet high, and dry as hay, and our settlers will have an anxious time of it until rain sets in. Xo sheep crossed at Hay this week. About 70 cattle, from Messrs. Rudd's station, crossed on 10th for Melbourne, in charge of Mr. Calvert. Our Wheelbah correspondent reports crossings tis follows - December 14 : 17UÜ sheep, Pettett in charge,travelling up the river; ISth, 50 JU .sheep, M'Cleleu iu charge, from the Bilabong for Abbotsford. Our Hillston correspondent reports 1-1,50)ewes bolongingto Mr. T. K.Scott,of Gingie sta tion, Barwon river, driven in two mobs, passed Hillston on the 15th and Kith, Weir and Langhorne in charge, sheep iu good condition ; ¿OOO fat sheep belonging to Slr. X. B. "Welsh, Euabalong, passed Hillston on the north side of the river on thc 15th, bound for Melbourne. Mr. Drysdale passed herc on the Kith to bring up the Groon gal sheep for Willandra station ; Mr. Harrington passed on the 12th tobringdowntheEuabaf.it sheep for market; 170 mixed lot of bullocks from Booberoy station, Lach lan, passed on the 17tb, Mr. William Scott in charge, bound for Sandhurst, Dalmahoy, Hepburn and Co., .?gents, expected to be in Sandhurst on the loth January. Mr. li. C. Mackenzie reports sale of the Coombie sheep "to Mr. E. Roset, Booligal, at a satisfactory price; ."¡3,000 sheep are reported to day as being bo tween Cooper's Creek and Hillston, 17,000 of these be long to Mr. A. G. Jones, travelling for feed. Mr. Tobin, late of Vail oak stations near Terauy, Victoria, has purchased 200 head of cattle on the Castlereagh for his station on the Darling ; til5 fat bullocks arc en route for Melbourne from same station. Tho weather of Sunday, 12th, changed towards evening to heavy rain, which histed six hours, and again on Wednesday heavy showers fell during the evening. The hot winds, how ever, soon dry up the "gil gie" holes, and thc sprouting grays is nipped by the scorching wind and sun. We have this week bean introduced to a large batch of loafing sheep-the first of the season which bring war to the list with the travelling manager nnd station overseers. Messrs. Wilkinson, Hann, Minchin, and Co., Wagga A\"agga, report having sold to S bullocks for Mr. William Marshall, of Wyalong; (¡2 bullocks for Messrs. Mucnamur:* Bros.. to Mr. I. A. Dallas, of Berembed ; ¡1200 two-tooth mu iden ewes for Mr. A. Wilson, of Coree, to Mr. M. Callaghan: and for Mr. C. M. Lloyd, of Yamma, his thoroughbred colt The Wizard, by Angler oat of Lancashire Witch, to Mr. L. Ryan, of Wallandool. Our Deniliquin correspondent reports the following crossings for the week ending December 16th: -December ftth: .'1200 sheep, Merri 31errigal; 11th: ."ion) M-lieans. 4.S0O Kennedy's: 13th: 20Ö0 D'Archy's, UOJ Walker Bros.; Kith: «000 Eli Elwah. 