The Advertiser. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 15, 1877. PRCOEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. FRIDAY. DECEMBER 14. In the Legislative Coucil— The Municipal Corporation Act was [?] a first time. The two Loan Bills for £1,098,600 and £163,700 were read a fin* time, and the aeooad reading find for Tawaflajr am*. The Crown lands IJJnwnlHaWnn Bfll was fnrtlier conndered in Oommfttee and wwbbA ments passed allowing pastoral \mmm hiMtng noi, kaathauSOO aquar* mQea and with bass* of not leas than five years to ran to porsbaaa two blocks of SOO acres each at not leas titan £1 per acre. The Port Augusta Pack Lands Bf?wa* read a second time and carried through itaimamin ing stages. Council adjourned at half-past S until Toes day next. In tlin ITnnnr nt flaw inbij The Masters and Servant* Sill was reada second time and taken into Committee. The clause providing for the most important altera tion of tits present law, *>~ abnliahiag the power to commit a servant to prison, was nega tived. The rest of tiie Bill was agnjlte.^^ The amendments made by the I-egirtatire Council in the Land BUI were ordered to be con sidered on the following Tuesday. The mndmauh Tramways BOlwas raad a seoDiidKinf?ndi>sawrf«hmiuCaniaiitt?e.aoaa> amesdments being made. Kr.Boswo?H's motion wish respect to tbe Northern Territorr was agneS toT^ The Adelaide and Suburban Tramway. Bill waa taken through Oommittae. Mr. Waro'B motion for a retarn astopastoral AnWtknbyllr.KaraforarepartrirtiiePort Bridge, fee, waa agreed to. The Bouse adjourned at 638 pjn. till Che fol lowing Tuesday. The final report of the Select Committee on Workeand Tendenwas brought up in the Assembly on Friday. The Gommittee was appointed in consequence of a petition from the Chamber of Maaufacturee in favour of calling tenders for various articles hitherto manufactured by the Go vernment ; also complaining that work for private persons was executed in die Go vernment workshops; and that Government tenders were encumbered with conditions that operated very disadvantageously to die colonial manufacturer. Naturally die enquiries of the Committee extended some what beyond the limits of tiiis memorial, and resulted in useful information being elicited with respect to Government con tracts of all kinds and the disclosure of some defects in the manner in which public business of thw *ort is camel on, and various suggestions *ere made for improve ment in the future. Rumors were afloat when this investigation was started to the effect that extraordinary and damaging revelations would be made as to the benefit in his pri vate business Mr. Colton gained bj his connection with the Government. Toe chief accuser of the late Premier was a rival importer, lit. Holdea, but his charges entirely broke down. He and several other wills) ■mm gave "impressions'" and hearsay evidence, but nothing more. The accueations were not only unsubstantiated, but entirely disproved. It is a pity that persons should make grave charges against public men that they are not prepared to support by anytiiing approaching to proof. Mr. Clement, for instance, as a member of a deputation, made charges against the Railway Department, but afterwards before the Select Committee offered no evidence whatever in support at those damaging statements. The Committee decided tbat the evidence proved inconveniences in the present eyrtem of tenders, and they suggested remedies for the evils complained of. There have been gnat complaints made of the injustice of each a condition of a puttie contract, as that from the decision, of the Qovemment supervisor or manager, there shall be no apaaaLaod the report recommends an independent ar bitrator. A. cash deposit instead of a guarantee is recommended as a security for the execution of a contract. Delays in payment while the works are in pro gress are eondenuMd, and the Committee propose" that a certificate from tke super intendent of the works should he sufficient authority for payment, leaving the final account to bs adjusted afterwards. By tlits means payments to contractors can altrays be made within one week after the certificate is signed." A grievance bad been made of the execution of work in die Government shops for private persons- The total value of this work was under £100, of which three-fourths consisted of pitting together two traction engines for an earth excavator belonging to Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., and Mr. Man stated thfct tie Government had received so many favors from the firm that he hardly knew how to refuse reciprocating to that extent. Of course it would be better {for tin Go vernment rigidly to refuse to do work for private persons, as however small the service may be it is sure to be exaggerated by gossiping rumors. There were various statements to the effect that the Govern ment workshops were overaoanaed, and that there was idleness and waste in that department, but none of these assertie? were substantiated. Whatever may be the gefaeral opinion respecting these work shops it must be difficult to get at Of truth. The me? are not likely to state that they bungle, or idle their time away; it is not probable the officers will admit that the business under their control is carried out wastefully; and not much can be learned concerning the working of such a department by the flj ing visit of members of a Parliamentary Select Committee. It is admitted that the Government workshops are necessary for repairs, but it is urged that for the manufac ture of railway carriages, tracks, and other articles tenders should be called. To this the reply is that the Government are wilt ing to throw such work open to competi tion, but that they are not justified in pay ing the private local manufacturres mSjch more for an article than it wauld coat to import it, or to , produce it in the Government work ! Btyps. The report of the Committee stakes that, «it has been shown, that when ever 'articles' and 'appliances' could be advantageously tnaniifaotared in the tiuytiy' the Government have shown a die pofitM? to have the work done in the Pfepvince." The evidence of tin manofac tnv^wu very remarkable. TheydatsMd arrangement for local ifdostrio* at the ex| ense of the country, but they wore to belunder no obligation to afford such emjoaiagement; on the contrary they were to be free to import as much as they liked. They were not to be left to the mercy of mechanics. Some of them «ckaowkdfe4 they tad not the means to carry out property the work they demanded should be put into their bimda, and suggested that the Goven mebt should sell them seasoned timber. About the richest portion of the evidence on this branch of the enjuiry was that given by Mr. James Martin, of Gawier, whose politico-economical deliverances da senre to be rescued from the obscurity of a bulky and wearisome Parliamentary re port. In calculating: the cost to the State of importing rolling-stock he reckoned commission, agency, and other charges that tin Government and some Urge firms would not bare to pay; and Mr. Cooke asked him if it would not "be fair to trait tiie Government cakniatioas on the same basis as far as the colony is concerned" as he would those of a large Company or firm, and only take into account actual expenses. "No," sty* Mr. Martin, "I think not; and that is what I say, that there is a vast difference between the Government taking that view, and private individuals. Private individuals are working for * purely selfish object, and it is legitimate for diem to save all the money they can. The same with a private Company; as private individuals they are justified in saving all they can; but I look upon the Government as like die father of a family, or die head of any huge establishment, who wiah to keep tkeaudFea witbu tbeia aelvefl. if yoa were doing hnrinrai for yoor firm at borne jam. mieht charge them with certain thing* to auka joar balance look better. If you were exiwai ing money or ?«*>ri'^ a loss for which other portions of the busines? oo^fat to he charged, you wonld charge those portioat with those specific items: although it might not be actually any money coat to yoa, yon would see yonr boaiaeM mnEeriug br it, and yon make charges against it to cover that part of yoar *—■■—f [ m j j however, that the GoreraaMOt u am in the positioa of a father of a family, and whikt I thiak h is right that they sfaoald aee that one member or oaw V?— * of a fcmOy does not get an adfaatage to the duadrantaze of others, they ought to act for the good of the whole. They ahoadd aw that every thing' works harmoniossly, and as long at the fcmdy are booad together and work into each other's hands it is siwars a fact that a family are strong as they bring all their naoazces into one fonts." It is the same with Government ; if they aend the mosey oat of the colony they cannot have it here as wetL" The father <* the family is to show has impartial ailaetioa for his chadrea geanta?y by tekjag a portioa of their good* aad giving them to Ma hoy James. Mr. Bower trotted this witaoas oat very prettily. " Let ate aader ataad to what exteat ywa woaid gire the eotony the adTaatage. Yoa wood give the colonial amafaetanr 25 par east, more than if the articles wete maaafactarad else where ?" With a f harming ffcaakneai Mr. Martn nafied—"l doa't kaow that I wsald fix any defimte Kant. Itaapeaato me that it it rimplj taking it eat of oae pocket aad patdaf; it iato aaother/ Exactly: acd that is what we and per eons to the Stockade for. Bsniy the mantle of the Arch Flam has descended upon oar genial aad worthy friend. The defeat of the Ministry is New Soath Wales ought to be a km to &r; Joha Bobertwn nd Mr. GsKrett. aad to pofi inwof tint dam throaghoat Aastrslis. They managed by political inem an* strategy to ana* • Ministry doing fur work and to plunge the whole work of gownwrt into inextricable ooafaskm. They did this ob no groans af real party or genuine policy, bat solely for the propose of getting' into power. It is altogether fatate to expect, era if it were desnabu, tint there should not be a straggle among politicians for victory aad place. It mast be so. The contest of parties is absolutely necessary to the balance of oar somewhat anomalous Conetitotioa. Bat statesmen ought always to remember that party does not mean faction, and that oaem certaia definite prinapka am upheld in Parliamen tary strife the battles of Parliament are just the faatOee of kites and crows, and nothing aura. The trial of strength ap pears to have been a somewhat severe one. On die Ministerial aide certainly no effort was spared. As aooa as the late disKilatioa was pronoanced ever/ means is the power of the Government was used for the par- poae of moipaUtiag the ekc&Hta.; It «u among the more serious charges brought against the late Mimetry that en undue and even corrupt ose was mtfe of IGsisterJal mflnencw. The Hob. Join Darin, the Postanster-Geaeral, especially made hiaisclf vseful or obnoxioas. He employed the power he had at bis contra! in coDsoetioa with post and tekgiaphto and moosagat broadcast wknm then was a chance of working upon the electors. The very day the Howes met the right of the Robertson afinistrr to govern the cotmtrv ra directly challenged. Mr. FaraeU, acting at the behest of older and omto iaiaentaal potitadaaa, aored at aa — vmjmm* to tha adoption of dwrapty to tiw Governors Speech,'That the Hoaxe Celt boood to iipmiai grave doobta as to tiheaatiatactiorjooadaet of paUic baauxM awta Hk EsoeOeacy coaU Kenc the advice of .awkn of the Houe entitled toataes?tta?oa." It w«aU he imaoarihk tot—wan iimfiiii?iiia?atio?iafiaiaereT B3ore db«ct term*. "Theae an, your ExeeOeacy, who am now aetiag at the Gonraaeot of the coaatry do sot poasa the eoafiieMe «f tin Bmw." Bat white the rJinntwfji was sjiren tkaa ditecdy, aad «poa genecat yoaads for it amast he le ■oAarf that* vote of want of eoafi danee was aetoaOy hangiag orer the heads of the Miauftiy wfaea ta? dbwolrtwn of Faifimnt took place aaother iatae was raind ia the coone of «1m Aehate which CQBtribntfd ia bo small degree t? the de feat of the Gomr??MSt. The IGmatiy had oaattod ia th« Opemap Speech to sketch oat cm ia ootttae their ia tMaW pofiey apoa the had qaestioa, and it waa afaaoat flriaimli il of them that they ahooU smseat it. Sb Jola?obertSdaanordia^jtoUAeEMae wtatbeaadhkooUuagatapiopuseddoi?g. Aaaasatter of oonaeit had ao effect in allayia^ the etona, bat served rather to incieaae its TiMe?ee. The qumli on the had sjMMtio have haoasas each ttat it woald be impoawbfc? for any Mlnislij to propound views that wmdd not neat with very sharp and decided aatagoahm. If them was any iame placed before Ae electors it was this same qoeataoa of a new land pofiey, aad the diS?rences of opinkn were at least as uaaiero?S as the candi dates. Ae enoo therefore as the amead fflentof the3l«t cUue sad all tfaerettof it came to te propoonded the Qcmse showed more determinately than ever that it would not follow tiie lead of the Premier. After three nights' debate, in which everybody who could apeak took part, the amendment of Mr. FarneU was carried. The new House declared in a part, the sitting that Stt Jofca Behnrtoafe aad hit mlleag?w a«t take ftp—dwi «t frem I** Trca?iry beaches. TJba ■ lawiycaa etaeionwu mcM the following day by the Rtignatkmof the MiaisUj toy to** fan* to Hi* K|] || lllmiLj. Sow critic perhaps wiU fi.4 fc^li with tlw artioa of Sir Heteafoe Bohiaeim fat act andiqr for Mr. Fanefl aad giriaf bin the dance at ail natKf being fheksad «t &eGonraneot; It has indeed ka the aaiaUco«i*eeft*eMedaaic,«ajMia9ya?the ookw% that the mover af • UHXpSIm motion AnU have eaftraaaed to him the tak of forming a ftcah adm'imatrrtiml Bat them k to naaHllallimai afjuaatf ■or era • tiadifinrail amlj for Ufa come. Itisorte.the caastatibeEejlJah Psititmm that tie «>atroy<r of a Owm ateat hat aathhar whatever to do vitii tfaa CDOBBjr a new «ae. la ttu cm Bfcr ha took. laataai at *mdmg far Mr. Anl he aaatforflv Batf Fatlna,tlw oajfv amaf the OBMaMiaB that hal -aaw whmw v^nnv va vwi* &«ja na?Eav «b? hai m mfa telani «■ U> ncaa* defeat farcMkaW «a*hia f allieal?« M da>ai >4 ■■liatnalr AeaWylhatltti thw «V*«I*?I aaoa ldav Aftat anwd «f caaatraetiag a aliif ChMiwl Im girt f«r has to onvcoae, aai «aw «a fha «a%. What, «haaw ■? «ha a«Biieal piigi*i atlhefatanf W« agn. with «a* JUv %ya^a* afaWl?^B^fc^B^afta^aaf tf^M^^A^^ that tharo—yhcaa* pfcihy ■«>?,> <*afi*ioa of fartaa (aach jg*rth? «a «aaf atvj aafa?? a many atanag Qaa??Haaataak ■•••■ •■■ cwany ttai Mnca Sal paa« anetaaif toaaah aaattoia to as aKftaaaa. A. lV?aaaiy what haaata af a naarva af amaalaiffiaa? Itaaaatohe Oeahjaot af #^^ a^aaVft aaaT flaWa% afJa?^B?i a^a^MW '■^■■■^ "JaaWl ptW aWWH aa?T^amw aaV?al^^ laa) livHfe a^aW aaBB^BBBaaBBBBT aaaar a?Ma??aaaaaV A-JLa-^B-p •■* Wv •^y Va^aaaH aaWaaW?t HaWaViaw* - tt k a inilaMi ba?gaUaa to thaai. Fnijthiaftfhat alattanaaa%aat attoW iiHiiiiilhyHaalnii i af gall. laf>?. •Ban et thk — ar tairf aaito «f mala- aaan naai aaymar can yaw flaw* Wwhfi ft a tea aooa aa yet to faaaaat that Ba Jdi Bilnlaw mml (fir Haarr IWfa?wi? be amaiiiiw «f oa* Omm bmbA, hat aofar at «? «r aha?|?Mb? &ehw;^ at aa?ta?ial?avfiaafr«ala\ itiaai naiiiaiaailiiiii I iiiaWj tohawialii Both hsve faMJis, b-t bo^haw Tirta?a, ate bo«h vet? gnat. It hi the intaatMmof tmi Ctaanunmitaar cf Faamt W«nms? Ha* «ba Bams te4ar •? smaa«ai iaaamlamia caaasstisa tttiol- Seisms v^ y ******* ■"*•■ •*• Jadgmr fnaa • II i I n nil W tha Snapmar ia an* AMasaay aai Baaja/taamt* a*ajiaamMaVslaysaaasasanaiaaliafaa^ w snt aa Bnaanaa/saaa. ISlaaaim?amam^afllr.BwsiaiiAaS SmVjafe CaaT ammmmlmmf A\ ImmWammmmffM VsmUm fJm^mmmimt ■mm mmmmmfc wfl? —wasj^*^ mmmV~ aW gaaW aMkmaml MsfflsaTaMafamfa? IK ■■■ JMHsflMama | It j> flmmt tOTO aBTMHI afrnWCakfi «sf Ateiq^asfraaFartPirieatatoaat m\ BBBBBssai aMsaaam^l sT^bbbbbW ammml mWv??saal mtaaaasl aaat aVaasi aaaasl ■ Mean. laa?aH Bmaaan/ ft inisiii ttaar fafciaa aaVaf m fhamiar aUat fnaa f ausl'sj^wi^ w sysWrnamaTwaaTsaamei \- A Meeting fc to la Mi at (he Jettr •VtoLOwaMsa. Aa?a«aataabt*amaa?? mtaampt: ~ iljAj s^^ aaHha^^B^^sissMA^^^i^H^^ria' drtaemasaj. aasmTaabama^amari?aaami «m?*i> > ssjarfaaisaVm aaaalaaaaa^ afajmm gw at The aaaahar af imtiMhl •sksiltai iato the Aiaataai* sasmaafaaalaa ma> liaaa «aaas eaAalDaaaaaarttOTi Is7| anaimaaJLtals aj^^—-—^—^. mammal aM Hjs dm> mas- CmMmlij ii liiftlt I I «VMr. qfLfaaaClssiLilliiji af — ITMiijll Km?Cfaaynm«ismil ■ftlamase •Tsmv mmms?sam a a B I B^maff^am« BaV Cassm aWmWrn^assmial ssaT sm^aafl?amW. mmaammmWasmt^B??l smY m^rnl mafj^ma_h^U? mamTVJm^ami aal AaammaaalFmn* OaamV. wJa? iai.ama •?a*awtatawlmtfeiaraama,lsl ma? m? ttm?gjmaaam llrls^hHl jMT < afa a—i *■ —imaijpmmi sj^W i injJTwaa, IfoMlatmalJimMMa. qnaiaai «fc>M U' ■; Hj mla? sa? —■■•CmagMMM—t—s ffmiliai lilt «w Ham* m* mWffmtts????ml. mff> ftml mfaVmfmlal flmMHt Stt flsamt^af •We aaaVmaaai/ aamt n? Osafca teyZt?rfmia mmamla SaTammattattta VmT^Ba^mr amaai ammm?mmimm??f a^mml mvmV^mSas????aVi ssss) a^asm 1 a^mS^ mamMsmaftssmw ' VVOCI ■WaWWarn^, Jb. T?FwwsFm¥el sawaVsmTaW* ■•VmwslM j^^^^ ha? she'taM? i ii|l ly'ti— smt aal* ? «W<A«&iaf; 71 fig Aamamm aHI aa hdd. Wehcfemanadacaaj of "BawtmTs TT .Hl—,-!■ mi Itlimilliallia mnvvmsnaam?i^>^ *'.\ ? - 0-^. Am *fa> witn tne mx wnsa •■■ mma^^^^ i^" rwMieita— lium n isima aamy (alMr. a«a -to?Mrttol am Tie ammal picnic in conaectiaa with th* CbdMtiat at Pwt Adtmide. is aaaamd |a be held on the grounds of Mr. J>. Bower, H&, at Woodville, on December 28.^ A programme of the sports provided will be found in our ad vertising columns. The proceedings will wind tip with a ball, -which is to-be held in the even ing in the Port Town Hall. The fallowing is Friday morning's weather report .'on the Adelaide and Fort Dar win Telegraph tone r-rr-Beltana, light, .cloudy; Strangways Springs, light, few light clouds, warm; Peake, light, few light .clouds, hot; Charlotte VTaten, moderate, few light clouds; Alice Springs, calm, few light clouds, very warm. ..'. " An extensive bush'fire was raging on the Oanowie Bun <m "Wednesday, December 12. It broke Oat between 12 and 1 o'clock, and Bpreai rapidly, the Burra paper says, over about two miles of country. The inhabitants turned out, and succeeded in getting the fire under. No damage was done beyond the burning of grass. Bush fires have also occurred at Booborowie, but none very serious. Roderick McEenzie, farmer* of Rollick's Hill, while oat shooting on Thursday, December 13, in the vicinity of a lagoon near that place, met with a serious accident. He .was in tile act of shooting etsoma wild fowl Whan the gun he was using bunt, Mowing his right thumb -completely off and severely lacerating the flash. He was admitted Into the Adelaide Hospital the same evening. Colonel Dowttps and Major Godwin at tended on Thursday evening, December -13, at Ford's Hotel, Clare, and enrolled a sufficient number of men fcb make up the local volunteer corps to the comply number, vis., 60. Many mom were willing to join, but were not required. Those who had joined before were put through their drill by Major Godwin, who expressed himself well satisfied with the progress they had made. ~ We hare received from Messrs. W. A. Oawthome ft Co.* copy of the JCetboume Punch Alataxack for 1878. The pictures are well drawn, and some of them very amusing; the reading matter aumnwriingly good of its kind, and the publication, as a whole, is thoroughly well «ot up, and deserves the large sate which we are qoits vsum it jrill have. No one will regret a sixpence invested in Its purchase. The members of the Marine Board returned to Adelaide on Thursday evening, December 13. after visiting Lake Alexandrina for the purpose of whether it was necessary to place a light on a certain .point on tbe>l«ke to guide &eKurEay;«teamersa> night, as recommended to the Government by Me Ferguson, of Messrs. McCullagh fc.-00. The result of the top will, probably be announced I by the Board atameeSng shortly to beheld. « During the last few days of very hot weather the crops have ripened very last," states the Clare paper of December 14. " There Beems to b? a deal ef blighted wheat. The eats in patches have 'm bleached appearance, and are altogether destitute of grain. In places the gram is slightly shrivelled, and even in the early crops the wheat looks as if affected with rust or blight.* The City Coroner held an enquiry at the Victoria Hotel, Hindley-street. on iMday after noon, December 14, Into the circumstances attending the fire which took place in the shops of Messrs. W. Stephens, T. Knowies, and A. W. Ralph, HindW-s teee*> pa. the uiuiiuua evening. Tbe evidence showed that tiie fire originated in Stephens's ahep, bat did 3 not leveal'the cause, and the Jury returned a verdictto that effect The attention of the Insolvency Court was- wholly.taken ap during Friday i*<?.w Deoember 14, by the ezaminatteuel P? Prid more,of Adelaide, grain merchant, lbs Hon. R. 0. Baker, «a behalf of the Bank of Adelaide preferred 11 charges against the insolvent f 6 obtaining forhaanuion for his debts by means of fain ptetenees, awi wilfully witiholdmg booki ahowing ifae good* stored by him. ■ At the meeting of the Glenelg Town Council held on Friday evening, December 14, a further permit was granted to the Adelaide and Glenelg BaOway Company to ran their locomotive engisea pa Jetty<road for a period of 12 months. A letter was reoaived from Councillor Carver, from Fort Pine, resigning his position as Councillor. He said that owing to business engagements he would be prevented from attending ttWmtfting?of. tfae Council; the resignation was accepted. On Tuesday, December 11, a compli mentary banquet was given at Kooemga to Mr. F. Lane, 3JF ., on his retirement from the civic chair, and to De. Gave on his leaving the Borra to commence tb? pnettee of bis profession at Jamestown. Tbere were about 30 gentleman present, and the Mayor (Mr. E. lapsett) -occupied the cbanV An address was presented to Mr. Lane, awinwijanfed by a tea and coffee service for Mrs.3JamV Dr.Cave was also pre sented with a Imasmae silver inkstand. The first day oitiieCricket Match plaved on the Oral between: a Combined Australian Eleven and Ttijjilissi of Bouth Australia, on Friday, December 14. resulted in tiie Eighteen being disposed of £oc 04 runs, and six wickets of the Steven fattmg for 56. His Excellency the Governor was «n the ground during the afternoon, and about SjQOO spectators were also j present. The game will be resumed to-day at half-past IS o'clock; and will be continued ' without any adjournment for luncheon till 6 -o'clock ■' On Wednesday!^ "December 15, a votary ; •f Bacchus had a namnr. escape fronvdrowning in the Bavee Ittaugbtoni Our Redhill corres pondent says that "-after drinking a great deal more than wasjood jornim man wandered down Ae Biver Branghfa>a,aad was found by Messrs. G. F. Cteaage aodG. A. WaUman in one ot the deepJMlesia fiie lastsfasge of drown ing. The man was .jfjwnc d, although jthe jives of his rescuers wneepdangeeed in naying him, the water being about e|ght feet deep. He was taken to Whwh'« Hotel,«ad properly eared for, and is now quteisbovered under Dr. Ziehlke's treatment. -- ' "The road from Glare to Spalding- by the White Hut Gap naa been hitherto," writes the Nbithtt a Arqns of December 14, "in a bad state of repair, and therefore bad for heavy traffic Clare in consequence has suffered con siderably in a business txnnt of view, as farm produce instead of finding its way along that route to the natural and nearest market had to -be taken elsewhere. We are glad therefore to be able to state that -Mr. Morris, surveyor to the North Midland Bosd Board, has received in structions to proceed with tie necessary re pairs, and that* number of men are already at work on a portion of file road." The Judges eat in Banco on Friday, and in tie'case of Potts v. Wbitelaw they dis charged the rule axri for a nonsuit or new triaL In the case of O'Brien v. Bowbmd (Clerk of the aJ«J.iil? Laeal Court) and Bawhey Oar Honors expressed an opinion that the applica tion Cor & mandamus to compel money paid by CBrien in winiatww with a verdict of the local Court to fee paid tack should have been against Mr. W. V. Smith, who acted as attorney for Basrhey, and drew tbe money out of Court after a rule am for a new trial had been g"**** by tha Sopreme Court. On the suggestion of the Bench the case was adjourned so that the parties might endeavor to oometo an arrangement. The Court adjourned till 11 o'clock this morning. Writing on ike subject "of die rabbit nuisance, tha Bwrra Xitws says:—"Assuming thereto beat Represent time 10^)00,000 fuU grown rabbits within a radius of 40 miles from the Burra (and large as this nqmliKr ig t ve believe it to be below rather titan above the mark), we can safely estimate that during seven months of the year each pair will produce five young per month. Thus, after making a good allowance for reduction amongst the progeny during their days of infancy, and for the depar ture of a certain portion of the patriarchs of the tribes, we find the monthly increase to be nearly 20.000J900. If we reckon the oost of killing at M. per head, the above estimate shows the cost of delay to be £41,666 13s. *L per month, without reckoning the damage to feed and crops." On Tuesdaj .evening, December 11, several influential gentlemen of Gawier as sembled (says the Bunm>) at Thomson's Com mercial Hotel to .bid farewell to Mr. B. W. Gray, who is leaving Gawier to take charge of the Popt-Officalat P«rt Adelaide. Councillor Bright, who occupied the chair, proposed " The health of Mr. Gray" in eulogistic terms, and -wished him success in his future life. He re ferred to the many kindnesses the people «f Gawier had received from Mr. Gray, not only in his official capacity, bat as a eitiaen. Councillor Ferguson supplemented the remarks bf Mr. Bright, and the toast was drank in bumpers. Mr. Gray feelingly responded. Apologies were received from several business gentlemen, the Mayor being absent through ill ness. Some valuable presents were made to Mr. and Mrs. Gray before they left Gawier. A curious question has arisen in con nection with the practice of making out the titles of roads in the name of the Commissioner of Boads for the time being, upon whom it appears notices are served in case it is resolved to close or exchange those roads. Should he have left office perhaps he may not take suffi cient interest in the matter to raise any objec tion, even if the proposed proceeding is un desirable. He may, however, have left the colony, in which case the exchange or closing of a highway would take place without any oppor tunity being allowed to the proper authorities to object. It Menu that properly these roads should be Tested, not in any Commissioner by name, but in the holder of the office whoever he may We, or else in some other official who has a more lengthy and secure tenure of office than the Commissioner has. A fatal accident has cocurred at Truro. A correspendeut informs the Kapunda paper ** that on Thursday evening, Deoember 11, a one-armed man, named Thomas Vtaa, in the employ of Mr. James Heggie, of Angaston, left Truro on horseback going southward. When about half a mileon the road, and near the road, he was seen by two residenta to fall quietly from his horse. They having looked at him and chink ing lie was only drunk and would soon recover, left him on the roadside. Subsequently a laboring-man who passed by, seeing the state of affairs, returned and gave information to the Truro police, who finding the man in an in sensible condition removed him to the Crown Hotel and sent for Dr. Ayliffe, who on arrival pronounced the case as hopeless, but remained with Tian all night, but at noon on Wednesday death terminated the poor fellow's career. He never recovered consciousness. It is said he leaves a widow." On Thursday the Government hud on the table of the Assembly the following report, prepared in tbe Surveyor-General's Department, of the amounts of purchase-money and interest falling due on credit selections to the end of 188$:—1874-5, purchase-money accruing due, £300; 1876-7, purchase-money accruing due, £1,526 12s. Sd.; 1877-8, purchase-money ac cruing due, £76,805 As. 9d, second instalment of interest, £36,376 65.; 1876-9, purchue money accruing due, £390,433 ss. 3a, second instalment of interest, £90,627 145.; 1879-80, purchase-money accruing due, £470.302 Bs. doL, second instalment of interest, £73,083 10s.; 1880-1, purchase-money accruing due, £689.611 195., second instalment of interest, £30.945; 1881-2, purchase-money accruing due. £905,184 10s. <HL; 1883-3, purchase-money accruing due, £739,757 18s. 9d.; 1883-4 (first five months of), purchase-money accruing due, £309,433 9s. 9d Total purchase-money accruing due, £3£23£15 18a. 6d.; total second instalment of interest. £231,832108. Grand totals, £3,765,078 S?. 6d. Referring to the want of police protec tion at Bedhill, our correspondent writes on December 10:—"The presence of a police trooper is wanted more and more, for hardly a week goes by that tbe services of one are not required. On Sunday week a number of men congregated in the Main-street, where they could be heard swearing, cursing, and interne bets about some racing that was taking place among?t themselves; bat on Saturday night, December 8, a most disgraceful and abominable disturbance was enacted in the street just oppo site the public- house door. Directly after 11 o'clock some 30 or 30 men all more or less in toxicated had a quarrel. Fighting was carried on till past 1 o'clock on Sunday ramming and the yelling, swearing, and cursing made up a scene which perhaps some of your readers might think could hot possibly take place in this Christian land. Why will the Government persist in refusing to appoint a police-trooper at Bedhill? If the matter be not attended to something serious will take place." On Friday a Company was registered at the Supreme Court under the name of the Glenelg and Brighton Tramway Company. Its object, as stated in the memorandum of associa tion, is ** the construction of a. tramway or rail way about five miles in length, commencing at or near Moseley-etreet, Glenelg, and running to Section 216. Hundred of Naadunga." Tha pre sent capital of the Company is £3,000 in 2,000 shares of £leach, and the gentlemen whose names are attached to tbe memorandum are Messrs. li. M. Cullen, W. Wadham,N. Nolte niu?,E.G.Gwynne,T.Aubert,A.Ball?ntyne > and A. M. "Wooldridge, each of whom takes a hun dred shares. The gentlemen named are not the promoters of the meaaure-which -has re cently passed tiie Legislature, nor, in tile action they have taken, have they had their mwrrtMn ; but it would appear that the new Company wish to have the benefit of an Act towards the expenses of obtaining which they have in no way contributed. We shall await with con siderable interest the result of what may fairly be described as sharp practice. The following particulars of the accident to tbe railway guard, Nolan, a* Crystal Brook. recently mentioned in our telegraphic colnmns. are taken from the Port Pine Gazette of De cember 14:—**Ou Tuesday morning last;, white the down train from Gladstone was stopping at Crystal Brook, and just previous to starting-, the guard, a young man named Nolan, sustained some severe injuries. Tbe engine was shunt ing some trucks backwards to connect with others, and while Nolan was in the act of coupling them he slipped, and in trying to save himself caught hold of the top of tbe truck and raised himself, not high enough, however, to prevent the buffers mtfhinE and squeesing him in the lower part of the ab domen. He was conveyed to Knapman'a Hotel, Crystal Brook, where Dr. Parkinson has been in attendance on the sufferer, and we are happy to say that the doctor does not consider the in juries bo severe as at first anticipated. When we last enquired Nolan was in a fair way towards recovery." Mr. J. fiudalTs residence on Church Hill, Gawier, had a narrow escape from de struction by fire on Wednesday evening, Decem ber 12. The Btotyip says:—"The weather being very hot, and as there was scarcely a breath of wind between 7 and 8 o'clock, the children's bed room window was left open, a candle being left burning on the table while they were enjoying a bath in an adjacent room. A breeze springing up tile candle - ignited the curtains, and the woodwork of tha window was jnst catching fine whm ttiafl.™.^ y^y by Mrs. Rndall. An alarm was immediately given by the ringing of a dinner bell and screams of fire, which caused tbe neighbors to assemble, and tile fire was extinguished. The water in the bath proved of much service, and probably saved the building from destruction. Mr. Budall was absent at the time." The following chapter of accidents is taken from the Gawier Bunyip of December 14:—lost week Mr. C. Brown, of WiUaston, received an injury to bis hand through it becoming witanglert in the cogs of a reaping machine. Two fingers were badly crushed at the tips.-Oa Sunday last a child of Mr. Horsley, of "Wasleys, received a similar accident through playing with a ehaffeutter. • Un fortunately one finger was so severely crushed that it was found necessary to remove the last joint.—The same day a son of Mrs. Heaslip, of Gawier River, had both bones of the left arm broken through a fall from a horse, caused by the girths giving way. We learn from Dr. Dawes that all are doing well.—As Mr. and Mrs. Mclntyre, of Lyndoch Valley, were driving home on Satur day afternoon last, when about two miles from Lyndoch the horse shied and went on to an embankment, capsusing the vehicle. Mrs. Mclntyre had her arm broken, which was attended to by Dr. Bichter, and she is pro gressing favorably. Mr. Mclutyre and au infant, the other occupants of the vehicle, escaped unhurt. Mr. Josiah Boothby, the Executive Com missioner to the Paris Exhibition, has made a collection of paintings of South Australian scenery to take with him to Paris. There are 12 or 14 of Mr. H. J. Johnstone's beautiful pictures, which have been noticed in our columns as they have appeared. These have nearly all been kindly lent by the owners for the object in view, and will form a very pleasing feature in the South Australian Court. In addition to a pair belonging to Mr. Boothby, the following gentlemen have lent their pictures for exhibition—Messrs. C. Peacock, J. H. B. Warner, G. Hamilton, J. W. Parkin, T. Worsnop, and C. B. Hardy. The paintings comprise the large one of the Water fall Gully, the Reservoirs from the hills looking on to the plains; the Torrens amongst the hills near the Gorge, the Gulf seen from the hills, two wayside cottages on the Echunga and another road, a rustic bridge over the Sturt, the Onkaparinga near Clarendon, landscape near Echunga, a view with fine gum trees on the Mitcham Creek, &c.; The coloring and atmospheric effect will give a good idea of the fine climate of South Australia, while the work of the painter will afford a favorable specimen of colonial art. On Friday morning a deputation waited on the Misister of Education with reference to the proposed closing of the school at Balhaanah. The deputation, which was not specially intro duced, consisted of Messrs. J. Duffield, T. Pogh, and F. Kerr. Mr. Duffield referred to the fact that in March of the present year a deputation waited on the late Minister (Hon. E. Ward) and presented a memorial signed by 72 residents in favor of keeping the school open. In July another deputation also waited on the late Minister, who promised to consider the matter and Bend a reply. The deputations had repre sented that no new school was wanted, and ex pressed tiie opinion that the Bslhannah School should be kept open. Since then Mr. Ward had visited the school, seen tbe number of children in attendance, and sent a minute to the Council of lMllCMftimi nmunm^imr Hint *li« griniM ?e kept open, and saying that he was unwilling to reverse their decision, but would like it re ferred back to the Board of Advice. The reply at but received from the Coun cil of Education was to the effect that a new school would be erected at Oakbauk. It was pointed out by the deputation that the children on tbe western side of the river would have to cross the bridge and pass through Bal hannahtogototheOmkbankSchooL The Local Board of Advice hadrecommeuded the retention Of ***? IMJianwhfjfilMwil^MlJ ■g«in«fe«li?f. recom mendation the Council of Education decided to adhere to their former resolution, and erect a new school at Oakbank. The deputation con sidered that tiie decision of tile Local Board of Advice, after having the matter referred back to them, ought to have been held to be final, as they were best acquainted with the wants of die district. The Minister promised to look carefully into the matter and send a reply. A veir interesting musical and literary entertainment was given at White's Booms on Friday evening, December 14, by the pupils of Haidwkke House. Norwood, in aid Trf the Indian Famine Belief Fund. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. Henry Scott), who presided, delivered a short opening address and afterwards distributed the prises to the pupils. Prior to the opening of tile. concert a number of elegant and useful articles of needle and wool work, em broidery, leatherwork, &c.;, and a number of drawings and watercolors that were ranged on tables and on the side walls attracted a great deal of attention, and were much admired by connoisseurs in fancy work and art. Mr. T. W. IWons officiated as conductor, and Mr. W. B. Chinner as pianist, the former being the singing master and tiie latter the music-master of the pupils, whose proficiency did them great credit. The stage was occupied by upwards of SO young ladies and gentlemen, and the programme com prised selections from the opera of " Maritaua," and other instrumental and vocal gems, as well as readings from English, French, and German authors. -All tbe performers acquitted them selves in excellent style, but a few were favored with special applause, and the fol lowing songs,&e;_,were encored:—"The Harp in the Air," "Scenes that are Brightest," "Out on the Rocks," "Starlight on the Biver," "The two Cousins," and piano fantasia, "Martha." The rpmainiW of the programme comprised iriano duet, "En Route;'* song, "Dublin Bay;" English reading. ** Dollars and Dimes;" piano fantasia, "Faust;" mauling (German), "Mignonf piano fantasia, "La Sonnambqla;" reading (French), "Les Etoiles quS Ffleut;" chorus, "Sing, Pretty Maiden;" ronanot and chorus," Itwasa Knight •" chorus, "The Angelas;" song and chorus, "Pretty Gi??naj? song, "Alas! those Chimes;" chorus. "Oh! what Pleasure-" duet,"Sainted Mother f copras, •* With Rapture Glowing;'' piano duet, "The Sleigh Bells;" English reading, "Lady data Vere de Verc" . tlte fast general meeting of shareholders in the Port *fl«fr.My sad Lefevrefe Peninsula Fefrry Company was held at the Company's Office, lipson- street, Port Adelaide, on Friday afternoon, December 14. Between 300 and 490 shares were represented, and Captain H. Simpson presided. The Directors 1 report stated that tie balance-sheet submitted simply, showed thfe receipts and expenditure, as the state of operations at present was not sufficiently for wskd to admit of a profit and low «<«■"■■>■ being made up. As the ferry had been at work but five weeks tiie actual cost conld only be approxi mately arrived at. but a few figures were given 'for tiie information of the shareholders. The contract for tiie Unique was £293 10s.; for tiie ferry, £45; and the engines, £430. The additions to the Unique in the shape of lockers, awning, bunkers, &o;, amounted to £64 14s. lldU, and sundry articles of ship's chandlery to £28155. To this was added the preliminary exnenses of forming the Company, also some unpaid accounts, msA-ing a total of £913 os. 10a. As the amount called np was only £750, £300 would have to be paid out of the earnings of the boat.before any funds would be avail able for reserve or dividend. The receipts for the five weeks amounted to £100 lls. lid., and tils working expenses to £18 Ob. 3d, leaving a. balance of £52 Us. Bd. Out of this there would have to be paid tiie licence-fee, £10 per annum, and other survey fees and repairs when necessary; also, lighting the steps, a work which was now being carried out. The Directors added— * The Col lector of Customs has granted permission to cany across such goods as might be taken over a bridge or roadway. The Marine Board on being appealed to have also promised to en deavor to keep a dear passage for the boats, and a general desire has been found on tiie part of tbe officers of the three departments, viz., the Harbors and Jetties. Marine Board, and the Customs, to facilitate tiie public convenience." The Directors' report was adopted, and the Directors were thanked for their labors. Mr. Geo. W. Smith was elected Auditor. The ques tion of monthly tickets was considered, and it was decided to let the matter stand over. The Directors have resolved to allow children to be carried by the boats for half-price daring the Christmas holidays. A deputation, consisting of Messrs. B. B. Smith, J.P., J. Coonsell, B. Searle (of Messrs. D. k W. Murray), — Smith (of Messrs. Harris, Scarfe, and Co.), R. H. Wigg. — Wigg, jtnx, J. Preston, and A. Kirkpatrick, waited on the Treasurer (Hon. 3. P. Boncaut) and tiie Chief Beeretarv (Hon. W. Morgan) on Friday morning, Decem ber 14. Mr. B. B. Smith explained that the deputation had been hurriedly formei in con sequence of a reply given by tiie Treasurer in : the House of Assembly to a question asked by ' Mr. Boss, that although there had been ' negotiations with Mew South Wales for the re newal of the Customs Convention, nothing definite had yet been done. As rh« present treaty . expired next day, and as considerable operations had been undertaken by merchants and others in expectation of tbe renewal of the treaty, it would be a matter of extreme incon venience if tbe Convention were not renewed. On behalf of the mercantile community gene rally that deputation wished to point out tne great desirableness of continuing the trettyif e reasonable arrangement could be made. S>uth Australia was the natural outlet of the Kiverine produce, and it would be a matter for regret if aii j thing were done to place difficulties in the way of the trade which now came into the colany. Tbe Treasurer referred to tbe strenuous exertions of his colleague the Chief Secretary in and out of office to keep up the treaty between New South Wales and South Austra lia, and said Mr. Morgan would be able better than himself to tell the deputation how vehe ment had been the efforts of the present Go vernment to get a renewal of tbe treaty in good time. Tbe Chief Secretary said very soon after the Ministry took office they sent a tsicgram to New South Wales asking on what terms tha treaty could be renewed. A few days later a tele gram was received stating that the matter would be immediately attended to. The Government then sent another telegram to New South Wales, asking that early attention might be given to tiie matter. To this communication no reply had been received. Yesterday the Go vernment, seeing the necessity for poshing on tiie natter, sent another message, pointing out that tbe present treaty would expire almost im mediately, and asking that it might be tempo rarily renewed for a month if fuller airaugs ments could not be made at once. The Govern ment also explained in the telegram that a suspension of the treaty would cause consider able inconvenience to tiie mercantile com munity of this colony. Although no reply had been received to this message, he believed on* would soonarrive. The delay was probaUyattri butable to the political crises in New Sooth Wales. Hehad reason to believe thatSir John Robertson, and in fact most if not aU New Sooth Wales politicians, were anxious to meet the wishes of this colony. (Hear, hear.) Mr. B. B. Smith said the mercantile community had great confidence in Mr. Morgan, and be believed they might safely leave the matter in bis hands. (Hear, bear.) The deputation then withdrew. The Boyal Marionettes open to-*ught at White's Booms. The Service of Song, "Moses," 1 was per formed on Thursday evening, December 13, by tiie Christian Sunday-School, Lindsay Circus, Htndmarsh, ander the coodactomhip of Mr. Lees. There was a good attendance, and all seemed to appreciate the n>usic. Miss M. A. Lees efficiently presided at the hanneninm, and the connective readings were distinctly given by Mr.H.Hussey. The Cataudinis are now malrin? a tour through tiie Areas and meeting with great success. On the opening night at Port Augusta the large Institute Hall was so crowded that money was refused at tiie doors. The agent is expected to arrive in Adelaide shortly t3 make arrangements for a series of farewell concerts during the Christmas holidays. On Friday evening, December 14, a children's concert was given in the St. Francis Xaviet's HalL There was a large attendance, and the Kev. Bishop Reynolds occupied tike chair. The entertainment was for the purpose of raising funds to give tiie school children a Christmas party, and tts special feature was that the programme was almost entirely carried eat by children. Tbe bill of fare embraced songs, solos, duete, trios, choruses, and instrumental music. Miss Morris ably presided at tbe piano, and took part in a duet with Miss N. McCallum. The instrumental department was well repre sented, pianoforte duets being rendered by the Misses Hayes aad Lowther, and Ctrrigan and Allison. Master Allison made his first appear ance in public, and showed himself a master of thedarionette,havine to submit to an encore. Solos were given by tbe Misses Williams Coonan, Higgina, Ryan, Warburton, Pritebard, and Murphy, and Masters Morrisey and Conrad. Dnet? were contributed by tiie Misses Hayes and Lowther, and Williams and Pritchard. Trios and choruses were given by different mem bers of tiie company, the latter in an excellent manner. The weekly meeting of the Adelaide Lodge, No. 7, LO.G.T_ was held on Thursday evening, December 13. There was a crowded attendance, and after tiie niirmfcag of tiie pre vious meeting had been confirmed, those present at once surrendered the charter held under the B.W.G.L. (American) and applied to Bra. W. B. Stephens, P.B.W.G.T. under tiie B.W.G.U of tiie world (British) for a charter, which was granted. The proper officers were elected and then installed by Bro. Stephens, and the Lodge was constituted as tiie " Adelaide Lodge, No. 2." The meeting was a very harmonious one, not the slightest opposition being offered to tiie action taken. The reasons for this change were stated to be that there was not tiie slightest chance of reunion at home; that tiie recent formation of a Worthy Grand Lodge in Melbourne under the American party bound tbe Australasian colonies to their policy without first consulting tiie members of tiie Order; that the policy of both parties was tbe same as to temperance—tiie American admitted the colored race theo retically, but tile British actually; and H??+ with tbe first parly Australians had but little traffic, while as to the oUier theconstant arrival of immigrant ships and war vessels rendered tin change imperative. On Friday evening, December 14, a literary and musical entertainment was given in tiie Norwood Baptist Church, on behalf of tfae Manse Fond. Mr. J. A. Holden occupied the chair, and Mr. T. H. Jones presided at tiie organ. Unfortunately the experience of tfae evening furnished an apt example of the incon veniences often endured by those who seek pleasure under difficulties. The evening was warm, tiie church was crowded and hot, the windows appeared to be hermetically dosed, and the ventilation was painfully inadequate. Mr. Thomas Spargeon contributed humorous addresses to the evening programme. Reci tations were given in a superior ■??««?■«?• by tfae Bev. H. J. Lambert, and Messrs. Spurgeon and J. L. Parsons, tiie "Virginia" of tiie latter being specially -^mirM The musi cal portion of file entertainment was introduced by aa original "Christmas March," played on the organ by tiie composer, Mr. Jones. The quartettes ** O, Valley Fair," and " Father, pray with me to-night," were rendered by tiie Misses Vandepeer and Mr. Flununer. Tfae song, -Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep," and " Cradle Song of the Poor." were also contri buted—the former by Miss A. Vandepeer, the latter by Miss B. Vandepeer. "The Reaper and tiie Flowers" was sung by Mr. Plummar, and "Angels ever Bright and Fair" by Miss Vandepeer. The duet" Greeting" fay tiie Misses Vandepeer was modi admired. On the motion of tiie Mayor of Kensington and Norwood, Mr. S. Glyde, a vote of thanks was accorded to the ladies and gentlemen who had assisted at tiie entertainment. 