SATURDAY, DECEMBER), 1877. The threatened constitutional dispnte be tween tbe two Houses is now brought down to s email and well defined compass. Mr Bebby has publicly stated tbat the Ministry will send to the Upper House the question of paymentof members in a separate bill on two conditions ; and it remains to be seen how that Chamber will deal with this fair and generous offer. These conditions are that payment be fixed for the duration of the present Parliament, and that a reasonable guarantee be given by the Coun cil beforehand, that a measure thus drafted will be passed into law ; and no person, whether in or ont of Parliament, can cavil at these terms. The Conncil first assailed the Government and the Lower Honse on this question, as we have repeatedly shown, by its general demeanor, and also by its ad dress to the Governor. It thns forced Mr Bebby and his colleagues on tbe defensive ; and there is nothing therefore at all unrea sonable in the Government now turning round, and asking the Conncil to take the initiative to end the dispnte. It is no secret to readers of this journal, for the fact has often enough been set forth in these columns, that the Ministry had no desire in the first instance to coerce the Conncil over this snbject. The intention originally was to Bend np the vote in a separate hill. Bnt the attitude of the Conncil forced the Go vernment into including the amount in tbe Appropriation Bill ; and this bng the case, it is for the Council — now that it is offi cially offered reasonable terms by the head of tbe Ministry — ta come forward in a manly spirit of compromise, and by agreeing to pass the vote, on tbeconditione as described above, briflg thje qaarrel to a peaceful, sensible, and satisfactory termination. This is plainly tbaiduty.of tbe Council as the matter now stands ; -and any attempt to wriggle ont of it will only make tbat Chamber appear still more'utjgfflaoBatila; thaait does even nowin tbe eyes of the whole community. Bnt the Government have also a dnty to perform in connection with this matter, and that is not to yield the sixteenth part of an inch more to the Upper Honse than what is Involved in Mr BERRY'S promise. The iasne at stake is a most important one for tbe people of Victoria ; and the Government are therefore bound to be assured that payment of mem bers will be sanctioned np to the close of tbe existing Parliament, before they depart from their present stand- point, and send up a separate measure to tbe Conncil for the purpose. There muat be ho un certainty abont the matter at all ; because any element, of tins kind associated with it will not please the great body of the electors, and is sore, sooner or later, to be substantially repudiated. As, therefore, the snbject now stands, the responsibility of ending the quarrel is cast .npon tbe Conncil, and the public will wait with no little anxiety to see how that Honse intends to conduct itself at this juncture. Both tbe Suez and CaUfornian mail stesnlers reached Australia yesterday; tbe former at Western Australia, and the latter at Sydney. Tbe neve brought by both Vessels will be found published ta; another column. " As tbe statement has now been published, there is no reason why we should withhold any longer the name of the pursuer against twenty-eight members of the Legislative Council for the recovery . of £252,000, penalties for sitting and voting ta that Chamber without making the requisite declaration as foil aa tbe law demands. The complainant is Mr John Palmer, of Ballarat; and it is within our knowledge that he fortified himself with a number of favorable legal opinions before taking the step announced. It is stated that Mr Palmer has retained Mr George I&gin-; botham and Sir Bryan OToghlen to push hie case, to fruition. The Electoral Act; 82nd Vic toria, No. 324, requires that the declaration ehall contain all particulars from the rate book or rate books of the property included in the qualification foraaeat; and it is the omission of these details that forms the groundwork of Mr Palmer's pro ceeding. This is tbe last day upon which electors' rights can be issued for the General Electoral Boll of 1877\. Mr Christy, electoral registrar, Lydiard street, opposite the George hotel, informs 31B that he will keep his office opea from seven till nine o'clock this evening, for the convenience of those who cannat attend in the day time. There wae another long meeting of the Town Council last night, and several debates of an acrimonious nature occurred. Tbe chief one took place in connection with the Eastern railway station, and culminated in a scene between the mayor and Councillor Scott. The latter taunted - tiie mayor with taking too much upon himself, ta omitting to call a public meeting on tiie subject of the express train stopping at Ballarat East. The mayor explained that after a conversation with the Commissioner he bad not considered a public meeting advisable, but Councillor Scott was not satisfied with this, snd an interchange of compli ments ensned; Councillor Scott telling the mayor that be was not fit to be ta the chair. After mat ters had become more placid a sort of compromise wae effected, a resolution bring carried that if the object sought was not attained a public meeting should be rolled for next Monday Week. A report of the proceedings of the council will be found in another column. A little boy named James Morrison, aged appa rently ten or eleven years, was charged at the City Police Court, yesterday, with stealing two dorea, the property of Mrs E. Harding, and breaking her window. The young culprit pleaded guilty. He was also charged with being a neglected child. Sub- inspector Bsbtagton stated that prisoner was a very bad boy, and that no good could be got of him. The bench ordered him to be imprisoned for six hours, and then" sent to the Industrial schools for five years ; his father being ordered to pay 2s fid per week towards his support. A very disgraceful scene took place last evening, at about ten o'clock, near tbe railway arch, Fed street, where a number of men and women were fizhting and giving utterance to language of the most disgusting character. It would be well if the police paid strict attention to this locality, as this would no doubt check much of the impropriety which takes place at that spot. . The valuation of the town of Ballant East has been completed, and shows that the annual value is lesB by about £1200 than last year. The estimate of receipts and expenditure was last night adopted, and a rate of le fid in the£l will be struck at next meeting. At tbe City Police Court yesterday, a lad named Alfred Merritt was proceeded against by Mr S; Cadden for shooting four wild teal during the close season. Mr Cadden deposed that on Wed nesday morning he heard a shot fired at the Fork, dam, and on going out saw defendant running away with the four teal. He threw them over a fence when be saw Mr Cadden, -and made <0E. In court defendant pleaded guilty, and said that he did not know he was doing wrong. The bench, ' however, could not reconcile this line of defence with the fact of his running away, and fined de fendant 20s, with 5s for each teal he had killed, together with 5s coBts— in all, £2 ' 5s — with the option of seven days' imprisonment. We hsve received from the Welsh Calvin istie Church, per Mr Rees Davies, Sebastopol, £1 13s 3d, for the Indian Famine Fund. A bowling match between four rinks of the Bal larat and Learmontb clubs was played off on the green of the latter yesterday, which resulted ina. victory for tbe Learmonth club -by 29 shots. For the season, the weather was highly auspicious, and during the afternoon the green presented a very animated appearance. Host M'ICenzie, of tbe Stag hotel, provided a- most excellent luncheon for : tbe players. The game seemed to be thoroughly enjoyed, and the visiting club took tbeir defeat in good part, seeing tbat this . is the first time that Learmonth has obtained a victory over Bal- larat. At the close of the game the healths of the respective clubs were drunk at Host M'Kenzie's, after which the visitors took their departure. The following is the result of the play -. — No. 1 rink. — Learmonth — Spiers, Pool, Findlay, Vallance (captain), 17; Ballarat — Pope, Eyres, D arose, Sim (captain), 29. No. 2 rink. — Learmonth— Dalgleish, P. Quinlivsn, Ross, M'Cubbin (captain), 39 ; Ballarat — Munro, M'Donald, M 'In tyre, Beard (captain), 14. No. 3 rink. — Learmonth — Henry, Stewart, Bony, Baird (captain), 39; Ballarat — Greenhiil, M'Dowall, Logan, Ftalayson (captain), 22\. No. 4 rink.— Learmonth — Hooper, Mnrpby, Rain, Richmond (captain), - 30; Ballarat — Rogers, Bain, Bade (captain), 31. In tbe absence of a fourth man' in this rink, tbe first and last players played three bowls each. Totals — Learmonth, 125 ; Ballarat, 96. The Roman Catholic bazaar, now being held in tiie Mechanics' Institute in aid of the new episcopal residence, was opened again last night, aad patro nised by a large crowd of people. The bazaar will be opened for the last time this evening. A correspondent complains that Messrs L. S. Christie and Co., of Criterion House, were the only drapers in tbe town that observed the public half- holiday yesterday. The Charity Sunday committee will meet on Monday afternoon, at four o'clock, to decide on the distribution of the money collected. The Bev. J. E. Herring will preach to-morrow in St. Mark's Church, Brown Hill, in the morning ; in St. John's Church, Warrenheip. in the after noon ; and in St. James' Church, Little Bendigo, iu tbe evening. The programme of the Morrisons Annual Races, to take place on the 26th of December, will be . found published in our advertising columns. Tba details were given in this part of The Courier yesterday. Nominations for the Miners' Handicap must be sent to Mr W. M'Clelland, secretary, on or before the loth instant, and tbe handicaps are to be published on the IStb. The 24th will be the night of general entry. The matriculation examination was continued yesterday, at the School of Mines ; the subjects taken being Euclid, history, and Greek- To-day German is tbe only snbject to be taken. We have received a circular from the Melbourne Relief Committee relative to the famine in India, but pressure on our space prevents ut from notic ing it at greater length this morning. The Ballarat Yacht Club Regatta came off at Lake Wendouree yesterday, and resulted in an unqualified success. A report appears elsewhere. A very large meeting of members of the Lai Lai Falls Turf Club was held at James' hotel, Lai Lai, on Thursday evening. Stewards were appointed, and a liberal programme adopted for New Year's Day races An evangeliatical service will beheld in tiie United Methodist Church, South street, to-morrow even ing, when Bible leadings, with appropriate hymns, will be given. . The annual missionary sermons are to be preached in the Bible Christian Church, Arm strong street, Soldiers' Hill, to- morrow. "The. Bev. T. J. Cory, lately from England, will officiate in the morning and evening, and Mrs Cory In the after noon. On Monday everting a tea and missionary meeting will be held. The ordinary meeting of tiie council of the Vic torian Rifle Association was held (says the Argus) at tiie Fort Phillip CSub hotel an Thunflmy even ing. , A- letter waa gecei ved from Mr Glegborjj, baa secretary of the Ballarat Rifle Club, churning the aecond prtae in tbe Rifle Clnb Match, in tbe I receht meeting of the V.R.A., for the club. He | contended that because of Captain Greenfield's I disqualification the club should sot he debarred from the second prize, mote particularly as Captain Greenfield shot with tiie club prior to his disqualifi cation. it was unanimously derided to send a reply, stating tbat, Captain Greenfield having been disqualified for tbe whole of the meeting, bis score had been deducted from the total score made, and this consequently brought the Ballarat club below the East Melbourne Rifle Club, te whom the second prize had consequently been awarded. What appears at present (says the Ge!<mg Ad vertiser) to be a valuable discovery has just been made on tbe Glen Derrick estate, now owned and occupied by Mr John Ctinnick, but formerly the properly of Mr Donald M'Lean. Want of water has compelled Mr Clinnick to sink a well, about 50 yards from bis house, situated on the estate, which is nine miles from Geelong, the rising ground bring a continuation of toe Batiabeol Hills. On Thursday the workmen engaged reached a depth of 21 feet, when they struck a kind of reef running atiroBS toe line of toe shaft, and dipping towards a valley. The reef turned out to be a conglomeration of damp slate-colored earth and coal, 7 feet thick np one side and 5 feet thick on toe other. The coal was found in small veins, and, when dried and I plscedin fire, burnt briBkly, emitting plenty of pis; j which caught fire immediately:. Mr Clinnick brought several pieces of toe coal, and portions of toe reef found in toe well, into Geelong oh Thurs day afternoon. The coal was tested, and found to contain splendid. ignittag,powers. It remains now | to be proved whether there is a sufficient ' quantity of coal about tbe locality to justity an extensive prospecting, but toe results so far are certainly I encouraging. Further steps are to be taken by Mr Clinnick to prove the nature of his find. The distance of toe well from the Colac road is about one mile. Mr Cope (says toe Age) gave notice in the Assembly on Thursday night tbat on Tuesday evening next he will move — " That there be laid before tins House a return of all members of Par liament who have left this colony since the prin ciple of payment of members has been established, toe time of their absence, toe amount received by them during such absence, and whether any Jegai opinion has been given upon the subject, and if so, by whom, and ail correspondence which has passed relative thereto ; also, toe names of all members (if any) who have refused to accept such pay ment.'' A new industry (says the Telegraph ) is about to be established by a German colonist at Colling- wood, at considerable cost. . Iq Sackville street, .Mr Hummell is erecting a " shot tower" for the manufacture of shot. The building is octagonal, and the material used red and white brick, toe I walls of toe base being 4 feet thick. It is already 1 over 100 feet high, and has to be carried consider ably higher, when it will be oneot the most pro mi- I pent landmarks in the colony. Mr Tucker (says toe Aye) is determined that the I motion proposed by turn in reference to the closing I of public roads, and adopted tiie other day by toe Assembly, shall -have some practical effect upon toe policy of the Government in reference to tfiat much-vexed question. Oa Thursday night he gave notice of his intention to.aekthe Minister of Lands what progress has been made by Ins department in the preparation of plana, ordered by toe House some time ago, of all roads proclaimed, surveyed, or reserved. Mr Tucker will also ask for a state ment of toe number of districts > in which roads have beeu proclaimed since the commencement of j toe present session. According to a letter from Sir Samuel Wilson, published in toe Argus, toe latest experiment in toe introduction of salmon baa, so far, been a brilliant success. The ova, which were received in very fair condition, considering toe long voyage, were estimated as numbering 55,000, and of these no less than 28,000 have been hatched ont at Errii- doun. The young fry are thoroughly strong and healthy, and appear likely to do well if suitable streams can be found in which to place them. Sir Samuel Wilson believes that toe Snowy River and toe Gellibrnnd River will be the best, but be thinks the riven running throngb toe Gippsland Lakes may probably suit tbe Californian salmon ; and he entertains tbe hope that even the Yarraand the head waters of toe streams aeuto of Mount Mace- don maybe found not entirely unfitted. for the purpose. A caucus of members of the Assembly support ing the Government took place (savB the Age) in toe Executive Chamber at toe Treasury on Thurs day afternoon, far the purpose of considering toe political situation. There were forty-nine mem bers present, and five others sent excuses for non- attendance, -and at toe same time promised to sup port the Government in any course they might deem it necessary to take. Mr Berry occupied tiie chair. The whole course of recent events was reviewed, and tbe greatest unanimity 'prevailed. The strongest confidence in toe Cbiri Secretary and flie Goverameht generally was expressed, and; though no formal resolution was arrived at, it was understood generally that the Government would adopt a definite line of action when toe occasion arose, and it was agreed, with one exception, that the Government should be warmly and loyally, supported in the line of action they proposed to take. The effects ( says the Pleasant Creek News ) of the recent heat are evidenced by the number of bush- fires 'in the neighborhood. On Thursday a large volume of smoke was seen 00 toe Grampians, in toe vicinity of Hall's Gap, indicating toe pre sence of a bush-fire of some miles in extent. In several directions there have been appearances of fires, but not of a serious nature. The Government (says tba Age ) have appointed a board to enquire into toe merits of tbe proposed export duty ou bark. The following gentlemen will hold seats on the board : — Sir John O'Sha- nassy. Mr Bosisto, Baron -Von Mueller, Mr Fin cham, Mr M. L. King, and Mr Bees. 