SOUNTRV NEWS. Mr. Longmore has, it appears, effectually scared the unhappy selectors who are not yet free from the clutch ef the Lands Office, On Monday last a meeting was held at Maffra, and i selectors' league formed for their mutual pro- tection against Mr. Longmore. in his opening remarks, the chairman said he was a selector himself, and although he had no personal grievance to complain of, he did not know the moment he might have, but knowing the same as all present did, that numbers of bona fide selectors were suffering daily hardships at the hands of the Government, it behoved them to lend a helping hand to all those in distress, as he (the chairman) thought in many instances it did not deoend so much upon the position of a mon sua TIT vw» the nnlitinal influence he could bring to bear upon securing his lease. The next speaker (Mr. J. Carpenter) pointed out that by combining together, they could carry their cases into the Supreme Court when the Minister denied them justice. He then moved the formal resolution initiating the society for their mutual protection against the hardships to which they were frequently subjected. The resolution was unanimously carried, and a large number of members were forthwith enrolled. Office-bearers were duly appointed, and the next meeting fixed for the 19 th insfc. A very enjoyable day (writes our Melton correspondent) was spent at Exford, the station of Mr. H. W. Stanghton, on Saturday last, the Sth inst., when he invited a large number of the residents of Melton and surrounding districts to a kangaroo hunt. Upwards of sixty horsemen were present, including his Excellency Sir George Bowen, who was the guest of Mr. Stanghton, A large number of iongtails were destroyed, and every one thoroughly enjoyed the outing. ' Jehn Mayberry, a well-known Clunes miner, was killed on Monday (says the Ballarat Courier ) by accidentally falling from one of the levels in the South Clunes mine. Having just re turned by the first train from Ballarat, where it is said he had been baptised by an eminent minister on the previous day, he went down the mine to join his party in a drive, and mistaking his position when he got ont of the truck, instead of stepping round the end of the shaft, where there was a clear passage, he stepped into another compartment of the shaft, and falling a distance of 60ft., was killed instantly. There were lights near the shaft where he got out, and his mates spoke to him, bnt had no idea that he was under any misapprehension as to his position, and were horrified at his sadden disappearance. He was much respected, and leaves a delicate widow and six children. A day or two since, an experienced bush man (says the Owns Advertiser) suggested to us a very sensible plan of in part preventing the spread of bush-fires. He said that if owners of runs would spread salt all along their fences on either side, both cattle and sheep would be attracted by it, and the result would be that all the grass contiguous to the fences would be eaten up. A bag of salt would suffice for a mile of fencing. Two purposes will be served ; the cattle or sheep will have a necessary supply of salt, and thrive all the better for it, whilst the danger of lire will be reduced to a minimum. A very serious accident occurred on Saturday (says the Bendigo Advertiser ) at the Serpentine, under what at present appear to be somewhat peculiar circumstances. It appeals that a man named Col man. a selector, who was engaged in running a mob of horses off the plains at Messrs. Younghasband's station on the day named, was found about noon lying on the ground insensible, and evidently suffering from very severe in juries. It was plain that these injuries were the result ef an accident, bnt as Column was alone when it happened, nothing definite is known as to its nature. The horse which Colman had been riding, however, was a thoroughbred, and amongst the mob which he was running off the plains was a horse which was blind of one eye. it is conjectured that Colman, in driving the mob before him, got on the blind side of this horse, which oannnnod against his own and knocked it over upon himself. On Monday morning Colman was still unconscious, and in a very critical condition, although the symptoms appear to have under gone a slight improvement. A man was seen to jump overboard from the ketch Agnes, lying at the Patent Slip Wharf, Sydney, on Saturday week (says the Sydney Morning Herald). As he was evidently In a fair way of drowning, another from the same vessel, jumped ever and got "held of him, but on the drowning man clutching at him, he swam away to a raft of logs made fast between the Agnes and another ship. An oar was then thrown to th_ drowning man, and although he caught it, it was of no use to keep him afloat. As no boats were between the raft aud the shore, he would certain' y have been drowned had not the chief officer of the steamship Mary Cochrane, Mr. James Gilroy, very pluckily swam, out to - him and pulled him up by his hair just as he was sinking, keeping him up until the raft was cast adrift and a boat brought to their assis tance. 