Echoes from nome. By MAJOR VEniTAS. I ALWAYS had my doubts reapecting that visit of the Prince of Wales to Auatralia, and thoso doubts were confirmed when, in one of the Australian papers, I read the names of certain gentlemen who were to accompany the Prince as special correspondents. I now have it from one of those very gentlemen that the project never went further than a hint thrown out by way of feeler, and that the response to that hint was a pretty broad intimation that the House of Commons would not vote the money withon'i a very strong protest. No further step was then taken, although the Prince would have been glad to como to our colonies, his special desire being to see New Zealand. The mention of special correspondents suggests the war. One of the recent telegrams states that a batch of them have been Bhot by the Turks. Let us hope that the telegram was a fabrication. Yet it is quite likely. The Turks have lately refused to allow newspaper mon to accompany, their army, and newspaper men would not bo worth their salt if they did not glory in dofying all sorts of auch regulations in order to be first with news. It is not unnatural that, in these days of telegraphing, when the promptly-forwarded telegram of a ubiquitous "special " might (and such a thing has happened moro than once in late years); by premature revelation, spoil a good plan of campaign, a general should deal very promptly with an intruder within .his lines. There is this also to be considered. The bad odor in which the Turks are at present in Europe is due entirely to the revelations pub- lished in the Daily News of the atrocities in Bulgaria and elsewhere. On the whole, I fear the Turks would be only too glad of the chance of stopping the special correspondent's pen by a small company of marksmen drawn up early in the morning to lay the unfortunate man low beside hi8 own coffin. War correspondents ore numerous now-a-dnys. There would be in the present war from twenty to thirty from Great Britain alone ; and the French and Germans are falling quickly into our Bystem. G. A. Sala, one the pioneers of special correspondence, and one of the best, can boast that he has Been most of the battles that have occurred in cither hemisphere during the past twenty years ; and he is now on the outskirts of the Turkish army, writing the moat graphic denunciations of tho Turk, wherever and whatever he might be. Forbes, of the Daily News, and Henty, of the Standard, are both old stagers, and they are with the Russians. All manner of mon, some of them never heard of in the newspaper world, act as occasional war correspondents, and the public would sometimes he considerably astonished if they knew the source of the contribution which is commonly attributed to some well-known writer. The newspapers at home are co-operating to meet the enormous expense which war cor- respondence involves ; the Newcastle Chronicle, Freeman's Journal, and two others have raised a fund of £10,000 to send out a correspondent whose production will bo their joint property. In these days the work is chiefly done by telegraphic message ; so that for the future there will he very little chance of a war con espondent achieving literary distinction as did Dr. Russell and Nicholas Woods in the Crimean war. The best corres- pondent is now the man who is most fertilo in expedients, best able to ride, and camp, and starve, and fight his way through redtapeism, and all the other obstructions which lie in his way in a foreign country where tho freedom nud power of the Press are absolutely unknown. And the newspaper that will be foremost will bo that-other conditions being equal-that has the longest purse, and the pluck to open it in provid- ing special trains, relays of couriers, and carle blanche to its correspondents to^vire despatches by the furlong. The Arohbishop of Canterbury is calling a Pan-Anglican Synod for the autumn of 1878, but it seems that several Bishops of the Episcopal Church throughout the world blankly refuse to attend, and a very strong note of protest comes from New Zealand. The last Pan-Auglican Synod, held a few years ago, was not, on tho whole, considered satisfactory by the Church at home. It was thought that, as the Synod was a wholly irresponsible body, the meeting was too much like playing at the old Ocumenicnl Councils. All the sittings of the Bishops and Archbishops were held in private, and the two shorthand writers (one of thom, I believe, is now resident in Queensland) who took notes of the proceedings were made to promise secreay. They wore the only persons present who wore not right roverends ; even tho secretaries of the Synod were full-blown Bishops. Some of the prelates then present- it was five or six years ago, perhaps moro - have since died ; others have been shifted by promotion or exchange. Of course it was not to be ex- pected that what transpired should be kept wholly à secret, and it leaked out in au Ameri- can newspaper that the Bishops were found to be by no means in full accord in doctrine. It was generally whispered, too, that Bishop Selwyn, then a delegate Bishop from Now Zea- land, rando the ears of the English Bishops tingle in a speech which is no doubt recorded in the MS. report which lies in the archives of Lam- beth Palace. But he nfterwards accepted the bishopric of Lichfield. It is notable that the first proteat against the Pun-Anglican Synod now proposed comes from Now Zealand. I wonder whether this conference of 1878 will be the last of the kind ever held? No more remarkable news has come to haud for n long time than the announcement by the latest mail that a strong section of the Ritualists, under Mr. Machonochie, has declared for disestablishment. If a good many far-seeing men are not mistaken, this ia the beginning of the end for the State Church. She was safe-at least, for a time-so long as her worst foes were the Liberatiouists and political dissenters from without. Now we shall Bee whether a house divided ngaiußt itself can stan«. De Morgan, I observe, is at it again. I re- member De Morgan well, as a young man, not too well washed, and somewhat out at elbowB, wearing his black bair loug over his ancient collar, and making his first bid for the sort of popularity which an agitator amongst working men gets. I would not refer to bim at this dis tance but that he, and men of his type, point a moral which working men all the world over may well lay to heart. The moral is that the popularity Bought for seldom comes-that if it does it is bitterness and sorrow-that all the so-called working men's champions of working men's rights have sooner or later to complain of base ingratitude on the part of the persons for whom th,ey profess to be working. Some months ago I read in the Courier a report of some meet- ing of unemployed in Brisbane, and on the spur of my amazement that Buch a thing was possible in a colony where, so far us my experience as an employer goes, the working men are the real masters (and tyrannical masters, too), I seized my pen to indulge in a few reminiscences of working men's agitations. Some interruption, however, occurred, and you and your readers were at that time saved the infliction. Since then George Odger has died, and De Morgan's name has appeared at odd times in the newB from home. Odger died in distress and distrusted, though there was never an abler working man'e agitator than Odger. His fate should be a warning. I cannot help coupling the name of Odger, who had brains, and plenty of them, with De Morgan, who is, and always waB, a Bhallow-pated egotiBt, aiming at notoriety ; and I couple them because De Morgan seems to have made violent bids to step into the other's Bhoes. Odger really suffered for his principles, so long ago as the Chartist days, for he was a Chartist, and not one of the lucky ones who managed to escape the grip of the law. Then he went into Trades Unionism, but somehow he never was thoroughly trusted in that gigantic organisation, which is at the present time revolutionising trade at home, and causing many people pro- found alarm. At that great Reform League meeting in Hyde Park, which has become a matter of history, Odger was in the carriage that conveyed the leadera of the party to the gates, which were locked against them. Subsequently I heard Odger boast that the people had levelled the railings of the park to the ground. Those railings fell by sheer acci- dent. Much as was made afterwards of the riotous nature of the proceedings, I can vouch so much from the evidence of my own eyes. My own weight assisted in the business : it was, I say, the purest accident. The Reform League people had gone back with flags and drums to make and hear speeches in Trafalgar-square, leaving some twenty thousand idlers like myself who had gone to Hyde Park merely to Bee the fun. We were looking through the iron railings at the troops within-who had been brought out by a thick-headed Government to shoot down the demonstrators-when the railings, which were in a Btate of disgraceful dilapidation, tottered and fell at one point. About forty of us tumbled into the park with the railings, ond then arose the uproar and violence which caused so much excitement. However, to return to poor Odger. He neglected his business for political agitation ; contested two or three boroughs ; generally withdrew from the con- tests in a manner never satisfactorily regarded by his brother working men, and never again had their confidence. Tho Reform League agitation was genuine ; it had a great object, and it achieved it. But out of it arose a number of Bham organisations, of whom Do Morgan seen» now to be the representative. I remember him in connection with the Land and Labor League, a pot-house Bociety of ragamuffins who really wanted nothing to do with labor, but who pro- pounded a wild scheme of dividing everybody else's lands amongst themselves. De Morgan, thon a mere youth, thrust himself into the front. The society, of course, failed. Next he tried Trades Unionism ; but the Trades Unions wore too wide awake ; they would have none of him. From that time he has been perpetually on the move-now doing a little Fenianism, now defying the authorities on Plumsteud Common, always call- ing mass meetings here, there, and everywhere, and generally posiug for martyrdom. His latest freak is to take up the Tichborne causo, ask the Queen to receive a deputation, and threaten to mob Parliament with hundreds of thousands of working men. Of course a man like this can to some extent obtain a following ; the rabble always gravitate towards such naturally. But good working men of Queensland do not -. No, no. I will not iuBult you by supposing you can be led away by the occasional paragraphs which glorify these seedy patriots and down- right enemies to your true interests. A friend at home has been reading a pamphlet which somewhat alarms him. He writes me that nil virtuouB men should clear out of Australia at once. If the author of this preciouB pamphlet were not either a fool, or a lunatic, or a liar, I should Bay so too. Lot us hope be is one or all of these. I cannot give you the whole pamphlet ; but, just as you may form a fair idea of the whole cask by the glassful you draw out of the spigot-hole, you may get a taste of this author's quality by the following tit-bit :-" As for the heat, bush-fires, droughts, floods, hot-winds, mosquitoes, and the larrikin or rowdy element in the colonies, I will only say that the first six may bo borne for a time, but the last mentioned, without a great effort is made, will as surely swamp the colonies as ever water swamped out a hole upon Ballarat. AB to grass widows, the number of suicides, vice, and immorality, I will only say that I havo Been nothing in my travels that is at.all fit to bo com- pared to the Australian colouicB, This may be considered strong language, but unfortunately I am sorry to say that it is too true, for I pledge my word that I am drawing it mild ; but I will content tnyBolf by saying that I have whips of dry powder in store, and ready for UBO if neces- sary." 