NEW BOOKS. V \- : The ' Life of Felix Bartholdy Meadelsf ; sohn,' from the German of H. A. Lam^ padius, translated by. W. L. . Gage, ia^, enriched with sketches by Benedict, Qhorley,' and others, and; will be, rekd with interest by all lovers of musie atid admirers of simple true-hearted ganiiis.' Meudelesohn ;\vas born, in Hamburg iiv 1809 of Jewish parents. His fatherj-' M6se3 Mendelssohn— was the banker \n whose - house Rahel always found a wel come, so that . he was brought t up in an atmosphere of- refinement and aspira tion. - ; When ' Mendelssohn ' was between three and: four' years- old- the family reirioved to Berlin, where the boy receiv- id the. best education' obtainable, and n touaic- became 'a^pupil of Zetter, w^o soon discovered his remarkable talentp. ' He plays the clavichord like a* youiig devil,'^ said that rough but kindly man. The boy possessed all the delicate organi-t zation of ' genius. (^£s* eai was perfect, and his beauty and- hist kindly tempir endeared him to every one- ; When tonly twelve years old Zelter1 presented him to! Goethe, and thus b6ganJanintimacy which lasted until the poet's death; .Before th;e a'ge^of fifteen Mendelssohn' had compose}! four'pperas, all of which; were performed privately, for- his - genius was fostered' in every way, and he had all the advantages of .his father's wealth' anil good position in - society.; /^ 1 caM hardly master' my own wonder,' said his prouft ' instructor, 'how the boy .. . . haj' made such progress. Everywhere you find what is new, beautiful, and peculiar wholly peculiar — 'tis massive, as if 'front an experienced ^n^v' HeSdefisohi :bntmued to throw- ofcy one . worl: ifter.^ anbther ; itai^/^s^', power am bis fame culminated in tn? oratorio; of 'Elijah' and 'St. Paul.' The former was , brought; out , in . Binning- j ham in ?&& year 1846, and it was our good 'fortdne to be present at 4he'^erforinance: when he was le^ing, so that^we can fromj o*uf oVn' observation 'endorse the truth of* the following description of him : — ' His: fanie as a condtictor'.is now world- wide. 'When once his fine firm hand grasped the' baton! -the: electric' fire of Men.del83ohn'& nature seemed to. stream out through it' and be felt at once by singers, orchestra, and audience ? Mendelssohn conducted inot only with the baton, but with his whole body. , At tho outset, when he took his place at the music-stand^ his countenance was wrapped in deep and. -. atyhbst solemn earnestness. You could see nt a glance that the temple of music was a holy place to him. As soon as he had given the first beat his face lighted up, every feature was aflame, and the play of his countenance was the best commentary on the piece. Often the spectator could anticipate from, his face what was to come. The fortes and crcscendos he accompanied with an energetic play of features and the most forcible action ; while the decrescendos and pianos he used to modulate with a motion of both hands till' they slowly sank to silence. . . ? . His wbndrously accurate ear, niade hihv detect the Jeast deviation from the correct time in the largest number of singers and players. He not onlv heard it, but knew whence it came. ' 'F,f* not J1 sharp,' he once said to a young lady in his kindly way in the midst of a performance of 500 voicejs and instruments. At rehearsals he was charming,' 'throwing in all kinds of bright and merry words. He knew how to rouse the most indifferent aud idle to the 'best performance they were capable of, and to keep the weary in good humour. !' 'His ^nosfc severe rebuke never wenjt beyond a touch of sarcasm. ' Gentlei men,' he once said to a number of men who would talk after it was time to beglni, 'jlgiaye^o doubt yoti have something v£ry valuable to talk ^ about, but, I beg you to postpone' ifc now; thb ?is ihe:: place to sing.' . His patience and his kindliness brought out the beat from everybody, and thia was the npre remarkable because of -his extremely' sensitive ear and delicate frame. ' Piancj, ?piano,' he would cry out 'as: if in pain. 'I hear no piano ; at/all,' and 'it was one of the remarkable8 features of his leading to hear the largest choir sink at the, : right places into the faintest breath of sound.' There is a portrait in this Jbookj but no portrait can do justice 1jo his beautiful face, the mobile features changing with every .change of thought, and , the tender , lustrous black eyes which ai*e said ? to have 'possessed a peculiarity ascribed to the eye of Walter Scott— a ray of light seemed often to proceed from its pupil to your own, as from a star ; while the depth of religious feeling .which they were capable of expressing was like a revelation to less impressionable natures.' Mendels sohn s letters were published some years ago, andtheyarecharmingfromtheirgracie, simplicity, and playfulness. Especially pleasant was his description of a visit to the Queen, when she sang some of hip own songs to him. His language was fomble and fluent, and he could draw and paiut, but music was his natural f orm of expres sion, and when asked by his brother and sisters what the Hebrides were like, instead of attempting to describe it in words he sat down to the piano to imitate the roll of the waves and the wailing of the wind. Mendelssohn was the Teniiy son of musicians. His thoughts seem ito turn upon their own beauty, and : hia music suggests far more than it expresses. He died before reaching his thirty-ninth year. 'Turkistan,' by Eugene Schuyler, professes to be merely ' notes of * a journey in Russian Turkistan, Khokaiid, Bukhara, and Kuldja,' but it is much more. Mr. Scliuyler's personal experience was limited by his official introduction. Being the American Secretary of Legati6u at St. Petersburg the Russian authorities ' took such care of him,' he says^ that he had no chance of seeing anything except what hundreds of Europeans had seen before ; yet by carefully accumulating amd comparing officwl, utformaticuj, ami, testing it-byikeen personal obaervationf aMsted ; by a perfect knowledge of the language, he has gained an insight into the habits, (the .laws., aud the customs. ,of the countries , he visited r such, as has never before been acquired,. ; and &H; this information is. arranged; with great skill ' and power of .. expression. Mr. ^chuyler was' laccompanied, . during the firsVpaH of^Hr journey* by'thd xmthbr ;of ' Campaigning on the Oxus;' whose rapid aiid adventin*0U8 ride_acrass the . des«i*t has ab?eady,been notiqed- in; these columrla. His jionrJieyl exteadect ,fedni the Utal, River to the Aral Sea; henoe jto Tashlvend along, ihe , Yalky .o| J,he , Syjr Daryav?ohce so $6pvl&i;& thrt^a legenil tells, hoiv^a^ nightjnga^e, could tiy !lrcpn branch to' branch^ o|( ^he* friiit-trees, aJud a cart could* walk fronYwail to wall all ihe way tp;,Kashgar ; -noW: av wild steppe covjered , with flowers, while all -that' remains of its . former civilization ar'o'the' mounds which mark ttie places of the numerous buried cities. Tashkent is the headquarters of . Russian .dominion^ in Turkistaidi, 'and tlie etiquette*^ oflfthe Governor-General's Court is said to be even, mpreTstrictly enforced than that of the. Winter Palace of the Czar himself. From Tashkent Mr. Schuyler diverged to Khokand and Bukhara. He even, went asvfar as 'Kuldja on the* borders 61 Mon golia, a Chinese colony of old date whi-jh as;longi isi it ?&&&' under CKirieae' govern- ment flourished.. and [throve', as it does not : dd inow* vjfix. Bchuyler' shoves how the Russians have been forced into occupation of, one' district after another, just as the 'English have beau forced into it in India, auu the wide range of his careful observation has enabled him to form an opinion of its ettecfc, which, coming from an impartial 'observer, is necessarily valuable.' 'He believes it to be on the whole! beneficial to ihe cruelly oppfessed inhabitants of Central Asia. t. This does not, however, appear to be. the opinion of the people themselves, and thje* expense at which the Russians hbld.^he country is. so great a drain upon their re sources, and the people , are so ready; to take advantage of any relaxation, of power, tliat .the author thjjaks there jp littlfi danger of .menace to British Indiau : ' *Th $ Russians seem ( to ? be trying to gQveni T.urk|stan, ' as if., ;it^. were merely k Russian '; proVlndeg ? and; the ' people! Tdjvotedly * atiacfied to^their j nativl 'customs, whichrhave Iiad all- the Spree' df 'law,' reaent , thia atteinpjb lceenly, ,rr Un ? fortpnatefy also, Turkistan has become a jefBgBi for ; civil ihd military lonicers ? whb had made themselves obnnoxious ?in Russia, Jand f he ' vices and incapacity of* these rulers are bringincj dietestatiQn; j|pon their country. Then ' the exactions and barbarities of General Kauffmann Uheri he took -Khiva caamot be ' forgotten. On ewe occasion the Orde^r waa given to kiij every man, woman, and child of a tribo that was in revolt, and the bracelets and necklaces with which 'the , po$r women finally, purchased mer^y, for ^io remnant of fthe Hr^be I wero / exlribjtfed y in / St. Pcfersbur^ as the trophies 'or ^Bucceas instead of badges of cruelty. The Russians/ore, very liberal : to therjroligipus pre^idicfia df -thfe 'c6nqueretl taco,Jauu they dp. not permit tho nriosts to tyrannise over them with impunity. The .-cpnseqaenaD^ is th^t \ Ma homedamshi' ' fa * pra&\ialry bocoming weaker. Formerly it was the custom for religious functionjiries to rush through the towns' at the hours for prayer, and force the people from their shops or their business into the mosques. This is now forbidden, ami the peoplo no longer ' driven to church as to the parish pound,' take advantage of their freedom and stay at home. Mr. Schuyler describes tho life of a Mohammedan from the. cradlo to the grave, and gives curious instances of the survivals of ancient customs among the nomad races. A marriage among tho Kirghis is conducted without the presenco of the bride and bridegroom, and when the ceremony is concluded the latter is sent forth to find and take- possession of his bride (whom probably ho has novcr seen) from among a bevy of her compa nions ; evidently a remnant of tho mar riage by capture of former times. ' A Rule to Khiva,' by Fred Burnaby, Captain Royal Horse Guards, takes us over much of the ground traversed by Mr. Schuyler, but tho two gentlemen come to very diflerent conclusions. Cap tain Burnaby appears to bo somewhat of an alarmist. He looks upon a war with Russia for the possession of India as inevitable, and going to Central Asia with this idea in his mind found much to confirm ; it. His ? account ot tho drunkenness and profligacy of the Russian officers and officials is' even worse than that of Mr. Schuyler. Speaking Russian and other languages of Western Europo with facility, he was not always recog nised as an Englishman, and conse* quently heard the prospects of a war wjth England discussed with por fect freedom, and perceived that it was earnestly ; desired -pn all hands. - , ' We must abide our time,' thpy said. 'When the Zarewitch is on the throne, thjpn wo shall Have a war. Bismarck, too, does not want to-fight at present^ Ho would like to see Russia light England, Austria, and Turkey ; the old fo,x would sit still him self and do nothing ; but if wo got the best of Austria he would take Holland and Vienna as his share of the spoil and as a reward for his exertions, while if we wero beaten he would take tlie Baltic provinces. * But perhaps you are a German,' Baicl ^one ;4-f { the ?, travellers'. ' No ; 1 ' - ain an Englishman,' was my answer, l and I am very much obliged ^o you for this interest* ingicdnversation.' ' in the caseijktt -3ieso Russian .officers the wish is,, probably father to the thought.; War of aiiy sort -with any place, is earnestly desired by them as an escape from the dullness and ennui of their life of banishment, and they do not consider the state of ihe Russian exchequer, which is very low, nor realize #. the fact that a country held by force is a very bad basis of operations against an enemy. Tho Khan wondered why the English did not come to help him in the war, and Captain Burnabv found himself and his country men extremely popular at Khiva becauso they were looked upon as the -.natural born enemies of the Russians. ;1 Captain Burnaby colleoted much information about the different routes through Tnrkistan which, dull as it is to tho ordinary reader, would prove very valuablo ill case of war. His ride to Khiva was taken in tho middle of winter, with the thermoneter sometimes -40 below zero. On one occasion his hands were frost-bitten from an exposure which was little more than momentary. Tho pain in his arms was extreme whilo tho fingers were perfectly numbed. Throe Cossacks came to his assistance and plunging his arms into iced water, rubbod them to restore circulation. At first all their effoits seemed in vain. '* Brother, you will lose your hands,' romarkod one; ' They will drop off,' said another, ' if we cannot get back circulation.' Finally the application of strong spirits restored sensation, find Captain BurOfby was. relieved of his intense fear. 'A Boole of the Play,' by Duttoii Cook, consists of two volumes full ot information and pleasant gossip about tho stage,' the actors, and tho drama. It begins with 'playgoers,' qmd tells us thai in the days of Elizabeth there was nut only 'much cracking of nuts and con suming of pippins,' but tobacco was freely smoked in the theatre by tho upper class of spectators, including ladies, and gambling went on between tho acts. The spectators, moreover, assumed a right to .choose tbo play, and / the / actors were ' sometimes obliged to give up the one announced and produce whatever f* the major part of tho company' had a mind to,' As-iri thoso days the scenery was only represented by descriptitre'boards, upon whicn the titles of^the^scano* $ere printed iargoj^ntl tho same dress ?stfrvedf or all sorts of hferocs:. This was not s^o difficult as it would he now,*;^3''-jcVasionatly- thb play would be diaugedv.~thr.ee' or four tiinolk tho 'audience callnig 'sometimes for 'Tamer- lane ;' sometimes ' Jugurtha ;' sometimes 'The 'Jew of Malta;' and sometimes for parts of all these ; and at last 'nono of the three. taking,' the actors 'wero forced tp undress /md put off i$heir tjjngie Habits and conclude tlie day with * Tho Merry Milkmaids.' ' It was literally ' tho day,' for the performance commenced as early as 8 o'clock, and on holidays) when jwolors, watermen's apprentices. aiKl-su ch- oice 'violent spirits' were at lei»^ttii/and «b«ie^' tearing tragedy full of figtitsand 8kinnishes'wa8 produced for their amuse ment, it was not uncommon for the spec tators to get into such a state of excite ment that they rushed on to the stage to assist in the fray, making a tyir more bloody catastrophe than was .over in tended. Mr. Cook gives interesting par ticulars of the miracle -plays of ? Chester, which ran through a soason »of several weeks, and which seem to have been pro vided by the different Companies or Guilds. .Thus, the 'barbers got up ' Abraham, Melchisedek, and Lot ;' the bakers V The .Last Supper/' tho cook?. ',The Descent into Hell,' and the skinners .'The Resurrection. '?? Attonflanc* at these representations* was considered a good qrork,. and if continued {ov*&io-i;'i period was oven supposed to help a spec tator, at a future season out of purgatory. One of the most amusing chapters in the book is called' 'Pay here.' ?! Our fore fatbflrs^it'.ipp^ira, clairaod tho, privilege of testing their amusements before giving themselves up ?to them, ;aud if they di-l not like tlie first act pf a play ^expected to be allowed to go out and to have their money paid back. Pepys tells hovr ho saw the first acts of two different plays on tho same afternopu for nothing .: and Within the present century it was not uncommon to see the words ' No money returned' in large letters on the play-bilL WIwjii people couldj lounge in and out ofi a play house in this way the means of/ ingress and egress must have been better arranged, -one would Hhlnk, ?&an; %ey ' aro°nAv. Mr. Cook js very pathetic on , tyd .'tlifti cultyof gettiiig to an inpide, spat .^h. tho pit now-ardays,,j He also objects strongly to ,gas. 'No constitution,' he says, 'could stand- a- nightly course of the vitiated atmosphere of the theatres ? as they exist at present ;' and he urges the advisability of throwing the light from above instead of having footlights. These, he 'gays, are 'not only con trary to , . nature, throwing the shades upon the actor's countenance the wrong way, but- the stream of hot air continually rising trom them is most injurious to health. 'We should like to see a theatre built upon hygienic and safety principles with all the lights banished to an upper chamber, and let in only through glass, and with abundance of means of exit for the audience, so that escape would be easy at all times. We can hardly in these days go back to the ' cool light' of a few wax candles, andgas within the room not only heats it but consumes and vitiates the air. The days of the steady old playgoers who spent- all their, evenings at the theatre were the days for encouraging art. Mr. Cook laments over the change, and thinks that too much of the spirit of the drama is lost in the attempt to make it realistic. He complains of the business of 'making up' having taken far too important a place in the actor's work. The elder Mathews could alter his face in a moment to 8uit any character he chose to take. On one occasion he kept the green-room in a state of indignation by the liberties taken by a supposed Mr. Penny, a terrible bore, who was always there, and always paying special attention to Mrs. Mathews. In vain was the doorkeeper ordered to refuse him admittance, the fact being that he came in as Mr. Mathews. At last the man, driven to desperation by the blame showered- npon him, upon seeing the detested Mr. Penny going out again flew after him, knocked him down, and had hurt him severely before discovering his niiBtake. Another time Godwin was taken in by this actor. Godwin being engaged upon a novel in which disguise plays an important part, requested Mathew3 to show hi'in what he could accom plish in that way. The interview was ended when Mathews reappeared as a bore, and assailing the author with flattery drove him to the window, which he insisted upon opening for him. ' Mr. Godwin, passing the gentleman with a courteous look of thanks, found to bis astonishment that Mr. Jenkins had disap peared, and that Mr. Mathews stood in his place.' The Water Famete on Yokke's Pekissula. — The account received by telegraph from our Special Reporter last evening, and which will be found in another column, fully confirms all that we have published as to the great straits to which the residents on the Peninsula are reduced. Wallaroo seems to be in the best position, and consequently teams are coming in from twenty and thirty miles round. Our Special Reporter counted on Saturday seventeen teams carting water between Wallaroo and Kadina, a distance of six miles. In some of the teams there were five horses. The cattle are of course in a terrible plight, and even in the townships horses are dying. What makes the matter worse i3, that even at Wallaroo the public tanks are at the last ebb. Preparations are being vigorously pushed forward for distilling water. Mr. Biggs, of the Wallaroo Mine, -expects to be in a position to begin supplying 'this evening, and will be able to increase the daily supply up to a limit of 10,000 gallons. At the Wal laroo Smelting Works it is antici pated there can be furnished about 12,000 gallons, and at the Moonta Mine from 8,000 to 10,000 gallons daily. Altogether this will give a total of about 30,000 gal lons. So long 03 the tank supplies hold out the people will be able to manage, but when they are exhausted, which must be very speedily, the supply of distilled water will be quite, insuflicient. There is a strong prejudice against drinking the 'distilled mine water ; but this will no doubt be overcome by the stern necessity of the case. Our reporter states that on the road to Barunga Gap he counted sixty dead sheep, and he was informed that three hundred were lost from the same flock between Kadina and Clare. The Eastern Question. — It will be seen from the telegram which is published elsewhere that the Conference in Turkey has proved abortive. It now seems almost certain that the hesitation of the Turkish delegates has simply been to a great extent a manoeuvre to gain time. At the last meeting of the Conference they appear to have again reiterated their refusal of the terms proposed by the Great Powers, and at the same time they brought forward no scheme. of their own for the considera^ tiori of the Plenipotentiaries. It is consi dered probable that an ultimatum will be delivered to the Porte to-day. The Cable Conference.— The Chief Secre tary and- the Minister of Agriculttbreaud Educa tion, with the Postmaster- General, and Superin tendent of ? Telegraphs, start to-day, for the South- East, -where they will attend the opening of the Kingston and Narracoorte Railway. They will then proceed on their journey to Sydney ^ia Melbourne,' to attend the Intercolonial Conference on, the cable question. During the absence of the delegates Sir. Colton, will perform the duties of the Chief Secretary, and Mr. Bray those of the Minister of Agriculture and Educa tion. , The Reservoirs. — We learn that there L- sufficient water in. the Hope Valley and Thorndon Park Reservoirs for the supply of the city and the other places in the water area for about four, or five months from the preseut time. ' Opening or the Narracoortk Railway. — The op eniiig ceremonies of the Kingston aud !Narracoorte Fiailway will take place to-morrow. iThe Ministerial party will leave Gleuelg by the Governor Musgrave this afternoon. In other columns appears an interesting record in refe rence to the railway. . Fire c; the Hills.— Judging from the im mense volumes of smoke that have beeu hanging over the rauges t« the east of Adelaide°for some days past, a very extensive -bush fire must be raging there. The only information we have 'been able to obtain about the fire is that it is Trarning somewhere in the rear of the 'Wheat- '.sheaf Inn. ? Presentation.— The subscribers are reminded that the presentation of the testimonial to the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, to which we referred ; a few days ago, will be made this afternoon at ' the Church. Office, Leigh-street. The contri butors and the clergy are specially invited to attend. Mr. W. F. Btjcke.— This gentleman, who ?will be 'remembered as a prominent member of the Carandini Operatic and Ballad Company, j Las resolved upon settling in Adelaide. as a] -teacher of English, French, and Italian singing, ; Tiis wife undertaking to give lessons on the '? ^pianoforte. . Dr. Nohmak.— It will be seen from an an-': jiouncement in our business columns that Dr.; '.?Norman has given up the intention of leaving j the coldny which he announced a short time ago to his patients and friends. Many of these; 2iave strongly urged him ? to reconsider his deci-'i sion, and they will doubtles .be glad to see that .their representations have b«en successful-; .... j \- Lighting the City. — The ratepayers are' 'invited by advertisement to : attend a meeting in the Town Hall this evenii^' to 'sanction . ra$e. of twppence in ;the , pound for VshtiPS f& y *ifcywith gn«r., .'', : \ .-?.-? ;,.--*?-' i Death of Rev. Mr. Hodge.— We regret to learn that the Eev. M. IL Hodge, who has been suffering for some days, past from typhoid fever, died at 4 o'clock an Saturday, morning; January 13, from the effects of this virulent disease. ' Mr.. Hodge was one' of the* oldest Congregational ' ministers, in the colony. He arrived here in September, 1849, and lived at Port Adelaide up to. the time of his death. He laboured earnestly and zealously, and some few years ago a new church was erected for him — a proof of the success of his. labours. He was a plain, practical preacher, was much liked for , his : genial manners, and greatly admired for Ms hale' and1 vigorous physique. The deceased gentleman, who was twice married, his present wife being a daughter, of Mr.' James Frew, leaves three sons, who hold respectable positions in the colony. He was 73 years of age at the time of his death. The ships in the harbour hoisted their flags half mast 'high out of respect to the. deceased. On Sunday afternoon a funeral service was con ducted at the Port Congregational Church. The coffin was carried in by Messrs. Saint,' Ballantyne, and Michelmore, and Captain Bickers, Deacons of the church. On the platform were the Revs. J. Jefferis, LL.Bn A. Scales, C. Manthorpe, J. McEwin (Con gregationialists), P. Maclaren (Presbyterian), and Mr. Martin (Evangelist). The church was crowded in all parts, including the leading men of business at Port Adelaide, and representa tives from various city Churches. 'We noticed the Rev. M. Lloyd (Baptist), ,H. Mack ('Wes- leyan), and J. Lyall (Presbyterian), present The proceedings began by the organ playing. 'The Dead March in Saul,' after which the Rev. J. Jefferis offered prayer. The congrega tion next appropriately sang Montgomery's hymn on the death of a pastor, commencing— u Rest from thy labour, rest, Soul of the just set free.' The Rev. P. Maclaren followed by reading Psalm va, and 1 Corinthians xv., which was followed with another earnest prayer. After singing Hymn 648, beginning 'When our heads are heads are bowed with woe,' and the benediction had been pronounced, a procession was formed to the Cemetery. The Sunday school children went in front of the hearse, followed by four mourning-coaches, containing Messrs. G.-P. Hodge, H. E. Hodge, of Port Augusta, and F. Hodge, sons of the deceased, and Mr. Whyte, whose late wife was their only sister, Mr. James Frew, the father and re latives of the present Mrs. Hodge, the deacons of the church, and several ministers. Many persons walked immediately behind the coaches, and about 40 private vehicles brought up the rear. Arrived at the Cemetery, the Rev. S. Green (Episcopalian) met the party and conducted them to the grave, which was the same as that used for the burial of the late Mrs. Hodge, who was interred in 1875. There were about a thousand persons present when the body was lowered. The Rev. T. Hope (Congregationalist) was also present. The Revs.. J. McEwin and C. Manthorpe took part in the burial service.. The choir, under the leadership of Mr. Thompson, sang to sweet plaintive music a piece entitled ' Weep. Not.' In the prayers made by the ministers, mention was made of his blameless . consistent life, and thankfulness was. expressed for all the good that had been done by him, whom they rejoiced to think of as being among the blessed 'who rest from their labours, and their works do follow them.' The South Australian. — The voyage of this steamer, just completed, has been rather more eventful than such passages usually are, some vexatious delays having occurred in the start, but when once fairly away she fully upheld the estimation previously formed of her admirable sea-going qualities and rate of speed. Almost on leaving Melbourne, and while yet in the Yarra, her troubles began, for on rounding Humbug Point, near the Saltwater Creek, the strength of the flood-tide, acting on so long a vessel going at reduced speed, set her head on the opposite bank, where she remained fast. Tug power was sent for, and applied, but when she had succeeded in getting clear of her bed, the hawser parted ,and again she went ashore. An hour or two saw her once more afloat, and uninjured, and all went well until reaching Port Phillip Heads, when a thick fog, attended by a heavy sea, induced Captain Lockyer to bring up, and await the morning before taking the 'Rip,' especially as he had 18 horses on deck, some of which could with difficulty stand to the rolling of the vessel. At 5 a.m. of the 12th a start was made, and Cape Otway rounded at noon, a strong S.W. wind and heavy sea pre vailing. Cape Northumberland was passed at midnight, and Cape Jervis made at 5 p.m. of the 13th. The voyage throughout has been un usually rough, and the stud consequently a cause of much anxiety, but the horses all arrived in perfect safety, no damage whatever having occurred to them. On boarding at Glenelg at 8 p.m. by the Fairy the gangway was found fairly blockaded by a crowd of passengers with their luggage, all . of whom were anxious to reach shore as soon as possible, and to avoid a night's detention at the Semaphore. Captain Newitt in two trips (the South , meanwhile laying-to near the Hulk) cleared her decks of most of her voyagers, many of whom proceeded to town by the evening trains, some of them having such extreme faith in the honesty of the folks at Glenelg as to leave their luggage totally un guarded in the middle of the road or on the trucks, they themselves having gone up by the trains. A motley heap of boxes, portmanteaus, kennels, bed dunnage; and carpetbags were removed to Mr. BacknalTs boatshed for safety, there to await their respective owners, who will no doubt to-day claim their property. The Coorong. — An enquiry into the circumstances attending the grounding of the steamer was held in the Marine Board Office on Saturday morning, January 13, when, the first officer engineer, leadsman, and the captain were examined. : After, considering the evidence the Board censured Captain Dowell for ventu ring to take the steamer up the Port river on so dark a night as that of January the 6th and thereby getting her aground, ami they suspended his pilot exemption certificate for .one trip, at the same time expressing their opinion that Captain Dowell : had, during the period of his command before the present; mistake, proved himself to be a most careful officer.- Mr. Turn bull, the Port agent for the steamer, informs us that she was got off on- Sunday morning, January 14. The schooner Freebridge was lashed to the stranded vessel, and as the tide rose the schooner floated and raised the steamer until she was got off, which occurred about half-past 3\. The steamtug . Sophia then brought the Coorong to the Port, where she moored- along side the Euro at the Company's Wharf. She is advertised to sail for Lacepede Bay to-day. ? Military Road. — On Saturday morning Mr. Townsend, M.P., and Mr^ King, SI.P,- the members for the Sturt, accompanied a deputa tion to the Commissioner of Public Works, con sisting of the Mayor of Glenelg. (Mr. W. E. Wigley, M.P.), Councillors S. Cornish, W. J. S. Stacy, J. Oliver, and G. Carver, aud Mr. J. Soal (Town Clerk). Mr. Wigley stated that the deputation . understood that the Government intended making a military road from the . Semaphore to Glenelg. As that was the case he said a bridge over .the Patawalonga River would be necessary, and he suggested that the Government should erect one that would serve the pnrpose of a dam. The Government would thus have a deep stream which could be used for conveying ammunition, if necessary, and the public health would be conserved ? by the exist ence of a sheet of water which could be used for purposes of recreation. Mr. Hickson, the Har bour Engineer, thought very highly of the capa bilities which the creek presented for shelter and recreation, and believed that property would not be injured by damming the stream : but a survey was being made to make sure of that point. The Corporation were anxious also that they should be consulted as to the site of the bridge. Mr. Colton, in reply to the deputa tion, said that the Government had never had it in contemplation to run the military road as far as Glenelg. The road was simply to afford facility for rapid communication between the two points at which it had been arranged that batteries should be constructed, viz., at Largs Bay and a point abont three miles to the south, and would have no connection with. Glenelg. Mr. Wigley said an impression existed in the minds of the general public, from what had ap peared in the newspapers, that the road would be made from Port Adelaide to Glenelg. Mr. Colton said that the newspapers had certainly misunderstood the Government intentions in the matter. He could not -say what might be done in the distant future, but certainly at present the Government had no intention what ever of connecting Glenelg with the military road. , :- Athelstoxe Watee Supply.— On Saturday ; morning a deputation waited upon, the Com missioner of Public Works to ^ask that their : water supply^might- be- increased. : Mr. Colton said he would endeavour to 'meet the wishes of ??the' residents. It will be remembered that they j are close to the 'main source 'of supply for fite] city and suburbs, I - '. . ? : .;?:?, s r, \ » \ --a , Thob-Hox. A.fB.^t^Y.i-A$ ..ihf. dinner/ given to Mr. John Denison, JJP^at Palmer, on Friday, January 12, ,th€i Hon.- As,B. = Murray, who occupied the -ic^nair^mtimated that it was not his intention! ^to'/offer himself as a candidate -for re-election- rat : the' ensuing elections for the Legislative Council. ' ' -'? -??' ' ?'*' ::' :!?; ? ??; i * '- ? 'i .' '?'.??, Jewish Benefit SqciexY.-^A. meeting of members of the Jewish 'community wss held at the Synagogue-Chambers yesterday ? for 'the: puipose of forming a'' Je\nsh^JBenefit Society; Sixteen: persons' -were,, present, and .- ; itry T; Saunders presided. ? On the motion of Mr. Hyams, seconded, by Mr. M..C.«. Jacobs, it, was. resolved that a Benefit /Society be formed; and the Chairman, Messrs. M. C. Jacobs,'H. Bennett, S. Bernstein, and W.. Pole, were appointed a Committee to draw up the necessary rules and regulations. Twenty-one persons enrolled them-i selves as members of ,,the Society, and the meeting adjourned. South Ar stratjan Cricket Club.— A meeting has been called for this afternoon at the Prince Alfred Hotel for the consideration of important business. . . . . : Wilson's Circus.— Wilson's Mammoth Circus, which lias just concluded a season of thirteen weeks in Melbourne, is coming to Adelaide by an early steamer. Its tour in the adjacent colonies has been exceedingly successful, the audiences frequently numbering from nine to ten thousand nightly; The Press in Victoria has spoken very highly of the performance, and doubtless Mr. Wilson will be largely patronised lere. The stay of the Company in Adelaide is limited, as they depart for India at an early date. All-Enoland Eleven v. New South Wales Fiiteen.— By a reference to our telegraphic columns it will be seen that Mr. Lillywhite's English Eleven have been treated to a most decisive defeat by the New South Wales cricketers, who, however, played fifteen against eleven, and not fourteen as previously stated. The match almost ended in a single innings defeat, and was ultimately won by the colonial team with 13 wickets to spare. A match has been arranged, which will begin to-day, in which the New South. Welshmen are to play the All-England Eleven even. The Englishmen must look to their laurels or Sydney will cany off the palm in cricket as well as in boating. Georgetown. Races. — The annual meeting of the Georgetown Jockey Club is advertised to be held on the 23rd' March next. The pro pramme comprises six events, the principal of which are the Gulnare Handicap of 60 sovs. and the Steeplechase and Town Plate of 30 sovs. each.' Presentation.— On Saturday morning a pre sentation was made by . the members of the Register staff to Mr. F. T. Whitington, who has been connected for between three and four years with the literary department of this journal, and is' now leaving with a view of taking*holy orders in the Church of England in the course of a few months. A gift in the shape of a col lection of theological works was handed to Mr. Whitington on behalf of the staff by Mr. William Holden, who expressed the general feeling of respect and esteem which had been felt for the recipient during his connection with the Register, and also referred to the ability he had shown in the work which had fallen to his share.. A suitable reply was made by Mr. Whitington. A DiSGRACEFrx Quarrel. — During the morn ing of Sunday, January 14, a shoemaker named Evans, -vho lives in the neighbourhood of Light square, was badly wounded by his wife with a tumbler. The woman was quarrelling with an acquaintance present, when she hurled the glass at him, and the husband stepping between the two received the full force of the missile in the forehead, inflicting a very severe cut. .Th man was subsequently removed to the Hospital. Yorke's Penik3xtla Water Supply.— We learn that besides erecting the Normanby still at Port Wallaroo for the distillation of sea water, the Government contemplate providing additional tank accommodation foa the Penin sula towns. It is probable also that the dams at Green's Plains will be enlarged, and that another dam will be constructed there. Addi tional water accommodation will also be pro vided along the road between Green's Plains and the Peninsula towns. Ebbatcit.— In correcting a mistake in our telegraphic report of Thursday's meeting at Moonta, we made another error. The Town Clerk mentioned a 'hundred hogsheads,' and not a ' thousand hogsheads' per day as the quantity of water which in December wa3 esti mated to be sufficient to supply the town. Bubning ofthe Albion Mhi.— Gawler, which is one ofthe largest of our country towns, and which has not the benefit of a fire brigade, seems singularly unfortunate iu being the locale of startling casualties in the shape of large fires. Some years ago Mr. Duffield's Victoria Mill was burnt down, and again the second mill suffered from the devouring element only a short time ago; and now another disastrous fire has occurred, resulting in the partial ruin of the Albion Mill, the property of Mr. James Dawson, Mayor of Gawler. The fire was first discovered by the local constable at a few minutes to 4 on Sunday morning, and before half an hour had elapsed the flames appeared to have taken complete command of the premises, notwithstanding the active exer tions of the townspeople. The only fire engine, as often happens in such cases, was out of order from want of work, and it was some time before it could .be made available. However1, there was plenty of assistance at hand, so that a great deal of property was preserved ; but nevertheless the ? loss: is still very heavy. An -iron door ? that shut off communication between the mill and' the large wheat store adjoining proved most effectual in preventing a! further spread of- the flames. Some of the machinery was preserved, and so was a small quantity of wheat, but much of the stock was either- spoilt by ? burning or by the water thrown on the building. At present no infor mation as to the origin of the fire is ?forth- coming, but it is stated, that the men left the mill premises about 11 on Saturday night after seeing the place secure and turning off the gas; and the/meter when examined- was found to be properly turned off. Great excitement prevailed' in. Gawler when the fire was disco vered, and a greater part of the population turned out to assist in getting it under. Some fear was felt for the Old Bushman Hotel and several buildings across the road near the mill, and once or twice the hotel became ignited, but the fire was promptly overcome. The mill proper now stands a. mere shell, but the stores, &c.; are intact. Had the flames reached an enormous stack of wood at the rear of the mill the destruction of property would have been fearful; 'but the wind, which at first blew from the east directly on to the pile, providentially fell, and changed to the north. A report will be found in another column. Glenelg Lighthouse. — From a communica tion handed to us we find that the consumption of gas in the Glenelg Lighthouse during last montli wgs at the rate of 500 cubic feet per week, costing the small, sum of 6s. 9d'. We are assured that not only has the use of gas m the lighthouse proved . economical, but the light given is far superior to that produced under the old system. In lighthouses in the 'old country' this fact has been so well recognised that some of them, notably Howth, Bailey, and Wicklow.Head Lighthouses in Ireland have gasometers connected with them in which the gas necessary for their lighting is generated. Trap Accident.— An accident attended with no more serious consequences than a visit to the coachbuilder^ will easily set right, occurred to Dr. Naylor's buggy on Saturday, January 13, at Glenelg.- The 10.30 a.m. train had just started for Adelaide, and was abreast of, the Jetty Hotel, when a young horse driven by the doctor, evinced * a ' strong antipathy to the engine * and its belongings, and turning short round ran the ; trap against one' of the verandah posts of Mr. Comtek's shop, breaking the ; shafts ' and carrying a - portion of ? them away' with him. Dr. Naylor kept his hold of the reins until fairly pulled to the ground, when the steed had it all his own way, and went straight down the streefpast Miller's Corner/and along the line until he was stopped near the Sturt Bridge. The train was now coming up, and although the horse evidently wanted to renew the race his wishes were destined to re main- ungratified, and he was led back again to his OMyner, who had escaped with a slight sKaking, and the horse without a. scratch.; In each'instance the train was brought to a stand still instantiyVand wh.eri passing the animal at the outset -was' scarcely -moving,' so 'that no ' Maine conH- be'attacihed to; the railway officials, ?who did.all; iniJieir'poVer:to aVert 'farther loss. { f3SEdsiiMAi--'£MT4iioNlf-T^aiii| invitation was sent by t the Mayor of Mount Gamoier (states the local paper) to the 'members of the Ministry, who will be present at the opening of the Narracoorte Railway, to visit Mount Gam bier after that ceremony. Owing to theMinistry having completed. other arrangements they were not able toaccepfc the invitation. The Commis sioner of Public Works telegraphed on Thurs day : — ' Thanks for your invitation. / Am isorTy I cannot accept, as: arrangements are already maae,'.'i.: - .?' .-?!.-,. ,.:. -..-'.?. ; , .. ? ? BusH'FiRErN the Southt-East.— A bush fire which had been smouldering on the Benaira Run forever a week, but wMch had been under control,- broke1 away on Wednesday,' says the Border Watch of January 13; and did conside rable damage.- -The wind carried it rapidly towards Mount Gambier, and it soon crossed the road into Moorak, burning about a mile and a half of fencing. - -The grass was here so long and the flames so .fierce. ,that . ,the beaters could not get near it, and it was^for a time feared that it would make a clean' sweep' over the estate. Fortunately, however, before it penetrated far a hollow where the grass was tolerably green checked the fire, and it was beaten out. At Benaira a change of wind - came to the aid of the beaters, and. the fire was eventually mastered there, but not before it destroyed the 'grass of between 7,000 and 8,000 sheep— a loss which can be ill borne this season. The shower which fell on Wednesday night prevented the fire starting again on Thursday,and every precautionis being taken to prevent its doing so again.' Presentation.— On Friday evening, the 12th, the reading-room' at Messrs. D. & W. Murray's clothing factory presented a very gay appear ance, the occasion being, a tea party and soiree got up by the hands employed in the clothing factory, in' consequence of their senior cutter, Mr. E. Atterton, being abont to leave for England. After a substantial repast, provided by Mr. F. D. Beach, to which about 150 persons sat down, an overture was played on the piano.' This was followed by a number of songs and choruses, after which Mr. Threlfall (the Manager) as Chairman presented the guest of the evening with an elaborately silyer-mounted emu egg inkstand, with an appropriate inscrip tion engraved on it. He said it gave him very great pleasure to present the testimonial, as the hands could not allow Mr. Atterton to leave the colony without some expression of the esteem in which he was held, and he eulogised him for his assiduity in business, and hoped they would see him again in the colony. Mr. Atterton thanked them for their handsome token of esteem, and said he should always prize it. He Bad done nothing but his duty to the firm and to the hands. The three years he had spent in the clothing factory were the happiest he had ever spent in any situation. Three cheers were then given for Mr 'Atterton. After an interval, in which the fruits of the season were handed round, the programme was brought to a con clusion. ? An enjoyable evening was spent, and votes of thanks were. carried; to the Chairmau, and to the firm for providing such a room in which they might enjoy themselves. The Late Mr. Marwood. — The Australasian says, in reference to the late Hr. Matthew Marwood, of the late firm of Lorimer, Marwoodi and Rome, that the deceased had been over 18 years in the colony. He came out from Liver pool as managing partner here in the firm of Messrs. Swire Brothers, general merchants. In 1861 he and Mr. Lorimer entered into partner ship, and he remained a member of the firm of Lorimer, Marwood, & Rome until within the last four months, when he retired, with the view of opening a separate business iu Ade laide. He started business there under the style of- Messrs. Matthew Marwood & Co., but his health giving way, he returned to his family in Melbourne. He died at the age of 44 years. ; The Bishop of Melbourne.— Besides the formal deputation that waited on Bishop Moor house at Queenscliff to welcome him on his arrival two other gentlemen ('Atticus' states) boarded the Bangalore after she had got within the Heads. One was the representative of the extreme high and the other of the extreme low Church party in the diocese, and each, was equally anxious to be the first to make proper representations to His Lordship ; but the Bishop was not ' at home' when they called — that is to say, he was in bed — and in bed or in his cabin he remained till the arrival 'of the Dean, the Chief Justice, and the Church officials deputed to meet him. One of the most melancholy nights ever passed was that spent by the two representatives — one pacing the poop on the starboard while his adversary kept watch on the larboard side of the ship, neither recog nising the other's presence. As the Bishop belongs to what is known as the broad Church I must congratulate him on his happy escape. Rather Awkward. — People should be very careful of their actions when they are in the neighbourhood of a camera-obscura, writes 'Atticus'' in the Leader. There is one of those pretty little shows on the Sandridge Railway Pier, to which, during the holidays, a large party paid a visit. The room was too small to hold them all, so a gentleman and a young lady remained outside, and went for a short stroll along the beach. After a minute or two they both looked cautiously around, and seeing nobody about naturally conchided that they themselves were unseen. Iu this belief they kissed, not once or twice, but at least fifty times, and in the most pronounced manner, and the whole of that performance, innocent enough, no doubt, in itself, but which people like to go through in private, was faithfully represented with the most startling accuracy on the white table round which their friends and relatives were grouped. For the sake of human nature I regret to say that none of the witnesses to this shocking scene shut their eyes or turned away .' their faces for the five or ten minutes that the kissing was kept up. Thb Queejt.ajvD Sunday Harvesting. — The Chcshii'e Couiiiy JMews remarks that on ' Sunday afternoon, October: 29, Her Majesty, accom.-. paniedby the Princess Beatrice,'- drove to Lo'fth- nagar Distillery, arid paid V visit to Mr..Begg.' From continuous wet. the weather had onthe previous 'day cleared up and .changed ; to bright; sunshine. Tlie Queen, after a short stay' at Lochnagar Farm, continued her drive by way of Balnacroft, and remained some time beside a1 field, of oats belonging' ib Mr. Begg where about 50 men and . women were actively at work binding in stopks. grain which had been spread out to dry on the Saturday. It was quite dry on Sunday,' and the- people in the district turned out, and, with willing hands, had the whole field bound and stocked by evening, part of the operation being conducted by moonlight. Before leaving, Her Majesty signified to Mr. Begg her opinion that the work was one of neces sity. In this she differs from some ' Scotch clergymen, who on Sunday and on the Sunday previous denounced from the pulpit the practice of Sunday harvesting as a .violation of the sanctity of the Sabbath.' .'Not too Honest.' — I was admiring the other day (says 3;gles'in the* Australasian) the resistr, less force of a hydraulic press, flattening the long wool-bales into inedible pancakes. When the bands of hoop iron were secured I observed that there was an overlap of some 12 inches- of iron. Naturally inquisitive, I asked why. 'Well, you see,' I was told, 'it is made a condition that the hoop iron used in dumping shall be a certain length to prevent oversqueez ing, but there is nothing said as to where we ^re to put the rivets in t' . ' ' ' ' [From Saturday's Evening Journal.] Port Pirie Wharf Cosipany.— A meeting of the shareholders of. this Company was held on Saturday, January 13. ! Mr. D. Bower, M.P., presided, and read the report, as follows:— 'Tour Directors in placing before you the balance-sheet for this the third ordinary general half-yearly meeting have, to report that the jetty extension of the wharf has been completed. Your, Directors considered it best to lease the property for the- present in accordance with the resolution of the shareholders meeting held on 29th August last.as the Government dredger, now at Port Pirie, will do a consider able portion of the deepening of the channel, which otherwiSetKe' Company would have had to 'do.-. The property has been leased to Messrs. John Darling k. Son for a 'term of three, years, at ?? an annual ... rental ?; of ?: £300, with . the lessees'7 option *- (upon giving six months' previous ' notice) of the lease being extended another year .at £350. This will leave a net interest of 5 per cent, on the subscribed capital. You will perceive from the balance-sheet that the sum of £280 0s. lid has been expended in excess of the capital, and the present liability -is £240, which is to be paid put, of the first year's rent. Your DirectoTs consider that when the.- present, lease expires the property will be greauy^impfoved and enhanced ' in value, and a Higher ^rental obtainable if the shareholders wisfi to 'relet it?* . rThe report aWL. balance sheet -were adopted. .Mr. H; Y. Sparks was leappomted Auditor/ ^ , - -? r ? 