ITEMS OF NEWS. Some very large fires were raging yesterday in the direction of South Muckleford and Mitchell's Creek ; dense volumes of smoke arose there about two o'clock, leading to the opinion that it was something more than ordinary " bueh," but must have been hay stacks or a crop. A very huge bush-fire broke oat yesterday afternoon, not far from the northern end of Green Valley, Newstead. "We have received from the publisher, Mr G. Robertson, a copy of " The Licensing Act, 1876," with introduction, notes of cases, and a copious index by Mr James M'Kean. In an introductory chapter he presents a summary of alterations made by the act, and at the end an index which will facilitate reference to the work. Mr Richard Pott, of Walmer, met with a severe accident on Saturday last. Whilst bring ing a dray load of water over arongh part of the creek he stumbled, and fell in front of the wheel, which passed over his leg, breaking it just above the ankle. The leg was set the same evening by Dr. Hallion, and the patient is doing as well as can be expected. A very general sympathy is expressed for Mr Putt, as this is the crowning misfortune of a series of others. Within the last six months he has lost two vain- able horses, — one by disease, the other by acci dent. A day or two ago we copied a paragraph from the Argas, ia which it was said that .he Roman Catholic priests had forbidden the faithful patients in the Melbourne Hospital to receive bouquets of flowers from Protestants. From a letter Bince published from the Rev Father Barry, it appears that attempts have been made to proselytise the Roman Catholic patients by giving them bouquets of flowers in which were hidden religious tracts. Everyone must admit that such a system of proselytising is not one to excite any special admiration, on the contrary is condemnatory. Families residing in out of the way spots in the neighbourhood, should be very particular tbat before retiring to rest they have all the doors and windows of their domicile properly bolted and fastened, and that there are ready means of alarm in case of danger. A case in point to this might be found every day in the district ; the latest occurred the other morning when two young sportsmen, happening to get up in the wee sma' hours to continue their sport, descried two men hiding under some vines near tha bedroom window, which was open. The boys raised the alarm, when the in truders bolted off and were not seen in the neighbourhood again. There was a great crowd attended the per formance of Wilson'B Mammoth Circus troupe in the Market-square last night, the. number present being estimated at 1500. Great expec tations had been formed about the size of the marquee, the circle, and the company, and so far as these were concerned they were not rea lised. The marquee which was pitched in the square was apparently nearly as large as Chiarini's, and the circle was about the size of that used by Burton. There waB no equestrian drama, and very little departure from the ordinary standard of circus business. There were some trick-horses superior to anything ever exhibited in this town, and there was a gentleman upon the trapeze who imparted con siderable variety to his movements. When swinging on it he stood on the bare bar, balanc ing himself without support from tho hands, sometimes standing on one foot, sometimes on both, at others lying aoross it. The other tra peze business was good, but not better than that done by some other artists in that line. The bare-backed riding was as good if not better than anything that has preceded. The tumb ling was good, and that of an Arab gentleman superior, he having taken a somersault over nine horses. He flung himself about in the air in an eccentric and agile form, giving the im pression that he had bounded off in some un certain circuit, leaving it in doubt where and when he was to come down. No doubt it would be impossible for Mr Wilson to bring up any thing like the whole of his troupe or his horses to the country for a night or two, but repre sentations had gone forth that he was going to do so, and hence the disappointment. If false expectations had not been raised there would have been a worse attendance, but more satis- fflfiKon Thfl nftrfnrmanrA a a cvViaIa nao r»nfr equal to tbat given by Ohiarini. The yield of gold for the week, says the Ben digo Advertiser, is small, amounting to ouly about 1300oz ; this falling off iu the average yield is accounted for by many of the companies not having got into full working order after the Christmas holidays. The calls for the week are very light, amounting to L700, against L1800 17s dividends declared. A correspondent of the Riverine Herald writing of tho Brookong Goldfield on 1st January, states: — "This placa is nine miles from Urana. In reference to the goldfield, I am sorry to say things do not look as well a3 I expected _ to find them. There are only three holes besides the prospectors on the gold, and that I do not consider payable, as the ground is very hard, and the yield is only half an ounce to the load. The population at present is from 800 to 1000. Numbers are going away, and about the. same number arriving. The great draw back is want of feed for the horses and cattle. Water is four miles disiant, and 3d per bucket on the diggings. A great number of people are going on prospeoting, and I hope in my next I shall have better news for .your valuable paper.' I would not advise anyone to come here at present, unless well provided with money and tOOl B," ! . The cricket match between the Geelong Twenty-two and tho All-England Eleven has proved a most hollow affair. The game was con cluded on Saturday, the Eleven winning in one innings, with 103 runs to spare. The Sydney Evenings News understands from a reliable source that a marriage has been ar ranged between the Hon. Robert Cranmer Trollope, brother and heir presumptive of Lord Kesteven, and Alias Robinson, daughter of His Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of New South Wales. A correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser, writing about Loutit Bay, says: — "One his torical incident, and one alone, belongs to the bay. Foundered amidst its sands, akin to tha hopes of the fat prisoner at Dartmouth, lies the old Osprey, on whose deck, a3 she walked the waters like a thing of life, oftentimes had paced the real Sir Roger Tichborne." The Ballarat Star writes : — It would bo well, now that the water-supply is low and the weather hot, to look well to the quality of tho liquid drawn from the pipes. A phial of water drawn from the mains was brought to our office on Sunday, showing a thick mas3 of stuff at tho bottom, which, though devoid of motion, was said by tho person who brought it to bo a mass of small worms that were alive and active when iltA twntill tven hlfl4 vonftl rtfF Tfc Vfllllfl Sfifilll that either filtration or boiling is indispensable to safety at present in the use of the water from the mains. It is always with pleasure wo record an act of bravery, and the one we now relate deserves public recognition. At the late Oddfellow's picnic at Ravenswood, says tho Independent, a little boy, named Edward Davis, aged about 12 years, by some means fell into deep water, and wa3 all but drowned ; indeed, so near was he to it, that he had sunk for the third time. At this juncture another lad, named G. Jackson — we believe a son of Mr Jackson, the head engineer at the Sandhurst railway station — and who is only a couple of years older than young Davis, at once, in tho most courageous manner, plunged into the water, and succeded in rescuing the drowning boy. " Anglo- Australian " writes in the European Mail " Those who take an interest in colonial artists will be glad to hear that Mr N. Chevalier is full of commission. He and Mu Chevalier spent tha autumn in Switzerland, and from what I can learn tbev were highly delighted with their trip. Like a true artist, Mr Che valier luxuriated in the grand scenery around him, and brought away with him impressions which he is not likely to forget. Switzerland, with its icy alps aod Australian sky, is highly suggestive to an artist, and I hear Mr Chevalier has several sketches which he is about to trans mit to the canvas, the whole of them being be spoke. Two of these are for an Australian gentleman, who under the impression that a 3ight of these snow-clad Alps will cool him when it is blowing a hot wind — a no mean compli ment to the skill of the artist." The Argus remarks that Parliament will be dissolved about the end of March, and the general election will take place during the month of April. The new electoral rolls can not be completed before the end of February, and as Boon as they are ready the necessary ar rangements will be made for holding the general election. Under the new Electoral Act the writs mu3t be issued within seven day after the dissolution of the Assembly. The nomination dav must not be less than four nor more than seven clear day3 from the date of the issne of the writ, and the polling day not less than four nor more than seven clear days from the day of nomination. All elections take place on tho same day. The utmost time that can elapse between the dissolution of the As sembly and the election of the new Aeaembiy can therefore be only three weeks. The expenditure of tho vote of L10,000 for prospecting purposes, which was passed by Par liament a few weeks back, is being proceeded with by the Mining department. On Saturday last Mr M 'Lallan informed Mr Mason, M.L.A., who had an interview with him on the subject, that it was his intention to proceed as vigour- onsly as possible daring the next five or six months with the prospecting of the nnknown portions of the colony. The Gippsland districts were amongst the first that were receiving at tention, as instructions were being sent tbat day to tha warden for South Gippsland to place him self in communication with the prospecting com mittee at Stockyard Creek, with a view to fitting out a prospecting party to explore the ranges of that district. As soon as the outlying country had been fairly tested he purposed directing his attention nearer home, in districts where parties could carry on operations daring the winter weather if necessary. A young man named Albert Reubae, living at Footscray, met with a terribly sudden death on Satruday afternoon, through a gun accident. He had left his home, says the Telegraph, early iu the afternoon to go down the river in a boat on a shooting excursion, and proceeded in the direction of Williamstown. About 5 o'clock the warders ou board the penal hulk Sacramento heard the discharge of a gun, and a boat was seen drifting before the wind not far away. A boat was nut off. and the unfortunate man was found lying in his boat bleeding from a large gunshot wound in his left breast. He was then qnite dead. A double-barrelled gun was found in the boat, one barrel being loaded and capped, the other having been discharged. The body was taken to Williamstown and placed in tho morgue there, awaiting an inquest and identifi cation. Yesterday morning the deceased's wife and other relatives proceeded to Williamstown and fully identified the remains. The deceased was only twenty-five years of age, and leaves a wife and three young childreu. "Jt Igles," in The Australasian, is responsible for the following story : — " After one of those stormy nights when the stonewallers kept de cent people out of their beds till daylight, there was on the following day a meeting of the joint committee of both Houses on Parliamentary buildings. Sir William- Mitchell, .who was in the chair, expressed surprise at Sir C. G. Duffy's attendance, suggesting that his efforts with his obstructionist allies must have fatigued him greatly. But SirGavan disclaimed any sympathy with the introduction of physical force and en durance into politics, concluding with this per tinent summing up of the Opposition leader : — ' Mr Berry's tactics have been truly admirable. He first drove his greatest possible ally, Mr Higinbotham, out of the House. He bas doomed payment of members — a matter of absolute necessity with a democratic representation. He Has restored a:r names lu'UuIlocn, it not to his old popularity, at least to all his original power, and I think he wants but another week or two to give him a majority at the general election.' " For tho last day or two, observes the Bandigo Independent, there have been painful rumours about Sandhurst referring to alleged embezzle ment, or something of that sort, on the part of a local bank clerk. Some two years ago a youth went into the Bank of Victoria, the son of a very old resident of the district, and, after being in the bank's employ for some time, it is supposed that he got into bad and consequently expensive company, as too many of his profes sion do. To meet the expenses of such a style of living, which was qnito beyond tho reach of his salary, it is stated that he falsified the books of the bank by operating on the account of a well-known broker under tho Beehive. The youugman, who is scarcely 20 years of age; was, on the irregularities being discovered, placed under surveillanco awaiting tho arrival of the inspector from Melbourne. It is said that during the last day or twothe' clerk re ferred to has been detained at the bank. It is not quitecertain that there will be criminal apro- secution in tho case, but there appears at pre sent very little chance of the matter being hushed up. The amount of the defalcations is flfjd tobeaboiit L2p0. !l J . The Gippsland Mercury states that Sergeant | Scanlon received a telegram last night staring that a miner was found drowned at the Wal- lialla shaft. It is supposed that he accidentally fell in through the grating. It was stated at tho Cricketers' dinner, on 1 Saturday evening (states the Geelong Advertiser) that the match between the All England Eleven and a combined eleven from Victoria and New South Wales, is to come off. It is not known yet where the match will be played. With respect to the outbreak of small-pox in Sydney, the S. M. Herald of the 4th inst. Bays: — The Government yesterday succeeded in pur chasing a vessel to be used as a floating small pox hospital. The ship that has been procured is called the Faraway — a fine, clean, roomy vessel, of about 500 tons. Any oases that may hereafter ariso will bo immediately transferred to this vessel. A skilled nurse has been on- gaged to be placed on board the ship as soon as the necessary arrangements are completed, which it is supposed will be within twenty.four hours. The murderer of a man named Paddy Morris was recently captured in Queensland, by some blacks, through the following clever stratagem. The Northern Argus of the 27th ult. relates :— " Four blackfellows, named Tiger, Davis, Jackie, andDundallv, went out to the ecrub to lnnL- fnr tho nriaoner. who for some time was in- visible. At la3t they met him, aud proposed a game at cards — one suggested euchre. 1 Sandy (the murderer) said he preferred poker ; so they squatted down on their blankets and played poker, their weapons — nnllah-nullahs, boomer angs, &c.; — being the stakes. This was arranged to get ' Sandy's ' weapons froni him. The knowing quartette iormed a semi-circle ncar the prisoner, who, having the whole four against him, lo3t game after game ; and as each weapon wa3 won by his captore it wa3 removed to tho other side, out of hi3 reach. After the last wea pon had gone the way of the rest, one of the' four got up to have a smoke, while the others engaged 'Sandy's' attention with something. Suddenly, the pretended smoker seized him from behind, and 'the other three were upon him in stantly. After a short struggle ' Sandy' was overpowered and secured with a dog-chain. Tho prisoner confessed the murder, stating that he gave Morris ' two fellow blows.'" The Argus's New York correspondent writes as follows, under date November 27 : — "The Philadelphia Exhibition closed on the 10th of tars monin, puuciuaiiiy according ru auuuuui..- meat. The day wa 3 very stormy, and rain fell heavily, so that the ceremonies, that had been arranged on quite a grand scale, were hastily adjourned to one of the buildings — the judges' hall — and there proved rather unimpressive. It is found that the total attendance at tho Exhibi tion falls a few thousand short of 10,000.000 ad missions. The exact figures are 9,907,125. This wa3 an average of 62,300 daily for the 159 days on which the Exhibition was open. The attendance rose gradually to the last. Iu May it was about 20,000 daily ; by August it had reached 33,000 daily, and in October it was over 100,000 daily. The entire receipts have been 4,308,735dol. 24c., of which 3,813,724 dol. 49c. was from admissions, and the remainder from ' concessions,' etc. If the shareholders are paid first, they will receive about 80 per cent, of their subscriptions. If the United States Goverment is first reimbursed it3 appropriation, they tvill receive only about 50 per cent. The schema for a permanent exhibition in the main building is not yet pat on a secure basis, and uittjr ui uioy uu w outi<eeu> wu vuw .« « think tbat there can be no doubt of the great benefit which the Exhibition has been to the United States. It has educated our people in many directions, and I am mnch mistaken if it bas not sown the seeds of a widespread discon tent with our protective tariff." 