GSIiEBAL NEWS. i. Meetings -of the Executive and Cabinet Councils were held on Monday, the business transacted at the former being brief and of a xoUtino nature. The Cabinet sat from 2 o'clock until past 10 o clock discussing various questions of pubiiQ importance, and dealing with some of the details of the policy which is to be sub- Knitted to tbe country. As is already known, %he Premier will speak at Warrnambool on the 25th, and as soon as possible 3 afterwards his colleagues will address their constituents. No dates have been fixed for anv.of them doing so, with the exception of the Minister of Lands, who will speak at Echuca on Friday, 1 the. 28th' inst. It is as yet uncertain what members of the Ministry will yisit the Western District in con nection with, the opening of the railway from Ararat to Duukeldon Monday. , The Minister of Railways will leave town on Saturday, and it as possible that the Premier and the Chief Sec retary will follow him by a special train, which will leave Melbourne on Monday morning. The train will be provided to convey members of Parliament and others who have been invited to attend the opening demonstration, and it will leave the Spencer street station five minutes before the ordinary morning train to Ballarat. The proposition, to lease land froni the Corpo ration for the establishment of saltwater baths, is one upon which the members of the City Council are pretty much divided in opinion. ! The matter came before the meeting on Monday, < when the proposed agreement between the Cor poration and the projected company was sub mitted for consideration. The council went into committee thereon, and a warm discission ensued. Councillor Carter, in opposing the agreement, was twitted by Councillbr Curtain with being actuated by a desire to serve his new constituents at St. Kilda, on the cround that their interests would obviously suffer if a saltwater bathing-place were established in the city. Alderman Gatehouse then waxed very warm in his condemnation of the scheme, aud during his speech used language more em phatic than discreet. The form of conditions between the council and the lessee was eventually agreed upon, and the adoption of the committee's report was made an order of the day for the next day of meeting. There is a large amount of detail work to be accomplished yet before the new Electoral Act will be in working order. The list of returning officers is still incomplete, and as they have the appointment of the places at which nominations will be made, the arrangements for the latter are progressing but slowly. Fixing the polling places is another difficulty the department has to contend with, the applications for new ones being so numerous. They have to be referred back to the returning-officer and the police magistrate of the district for their sanction or otherwise, and as the returning-officers are not all appointed, this work is consequently de layed. The officers of the department are work ing hard to get the arrangements complete, but it will be as much as they can possibly do to accomplish this before tbe days of nomination and polling. Another unfortunate man, it wonld appear from a report made to the police on Monday, has committed suicide by jumping into the. Yarra. While Mi. George Henry, draper, residing-at 13 rue raid Hill, was walking along the bank of the river, he was informed by a woman that she had seen a man jump into the water above Edwards's boat-house, and after appearing once -on the surface of the river he sank. . A parcel containing shirts and other articles of wearing apparel was found near, the spot where the man is stated to have, jumped into the river. The matter was placed in the hands of tbe police. A respectable-looking woman was charged at he City Court on Monday with being a vagrant. The poor creature, it appears, suffers from a peculiar craze, although not a very unnatural one in a mother, as she imagines that her infant child is not like other children, but is an angeL On all other points she appeared to be perfectly sane. Constable Roach told the Bench that the woman's husband was a worthless. ; fellow, who neglected to take proper care of her, and she was quite destitute. The Bench was reluctantly compelled to send her to gaol for a fortnight, until inquiries were made concerning her hus band. . The fourth man wanted by the police for the outrage committed in Little Lonsdale street last week, was arrested on Saturday. He is known by the name of -John Cavanagti, but he possesses the alias of Richmond. He was brought before J the City Court on Monday, charged with the murder of the unfortunate man William Payne. Tbe pieman, John Yates, was called, and gave evidence that tbe prisoner was one' of the men he saw running away from where the deceased was lying on the ground. Cavanagh was there fore remanded on the application of Inspector Ryail to the adjourned inquest, to be held on the 24th inst. The prisoner is an iil-looking fellow of the larrikin class, and his serious posi tion' did not appear to cause him any uneasi ness. An unnatural mother, named Bridget Burns, was brought before the City Court on Monday, charged with endangering the lives of her children. Sergeant Dalfcon, on passing the woman's place on Saturday night, saw her chasing her little boy oter the tables, chairs, etc., in the dwelling, and as she appeared to be mad through drink, he arrested her. A neigh bour gave evidence tbat the woman frequently got drunk and illtreated her unfortunate children, and the Bench ordered her to find one surety of £25 that Ehe would be of good beha viour for the next twelve months. Mr. Candler hold an inquest at Mordialloc ©n the 14th inst. upon the body of a lad named John Dobson, seventeen years of age. Morris Kelly, farmer, Bullep Bullen, deposed that he had known the deceased for six weeks past. He was the son of a widow at Colling wood. He was in the service of witness's son, and was travelling with his employer and witness to Btxln Buln on Thursday last They camped near the Post-office Hotel, Spring Vale. De ceased and witness slept under the dray, which suddenly tilted up about 3 o'clock in ' the morning. Witness was pinned to the ground by the dray. His son obtained assistance, and the heavy loading of the dray was then fonnd resting 'on the deceased's stomach and chest. He was then quite dead. The horses were sup posed to have tilted the dray while feeding between the shafts. The juiy returned a verdict of accidental death. An inquest, was held by Mr. Candler at lily- dale, -on Sunday,, uponthebodyof Mary jane Dagon, forty-five years iof. age,; who was found dead in bed on the previous morning.' The deceased was the wife of .John Louis DagOn, Yerringberg .. Gruyere,4 1 She stopped at the, home of a Mrs. Rtgaldi on Tuesday night last and was too ill to return to her home on the next day On the following Thursday ehe was delivered of a child.. Nonmedical man was called in. » On the next day she complained of a pain in her side, and on Saturday morning dip was found dead in bed. Dr. Barker, - who had made a post-mortem examination of the, body, , deposed that the cause of - death was shock - induced by the diseased conditionof the interned organs. There were no signs of peglect or careless- ness, and medical attendance probably whnld i not have averted death. The jury -returned®- verdict in accordance ,with the medical < testi mony. The promoters of the North-western Canal are still endeavouring to carry their point of obtaining permission to survey the route. -The secretary of- the company, Mr. M'Coll, h&sbeen; in Melbourne for some days urging theGoverri- ment to grant this Concession, and we Under stand that it is possible the request willbe- complied with, subject to -such conditions as will fully protect the interests of the pnblic. The company asks to have the land its survey- pegs will mark out protected from selection, and if the boon sought for is granted, the time will be as limited as it is possible for the work to be done in, and a guarantee will also "be re quired that the funds necessary to complete the survey, will be forthcoming immediately. We are informed that the company is prepared to accept these conditions, so that so far as a sur vey can settle the differences of opinion between the promoters of the canal and the professional authorities who have condemned it, they are likely to be disposed of without much . further delay. A young woman named Ann Goodwin at tempted self-destruction onMOnday by poisoning herself with white precipitate. The matter was reported to Sergeant Fullerton by Jessie Welsh, a resident of Stephen street, and in going to a shed at the rear of the informant's residence the officer found the unfortunate woman, -whom he at once removed to the hospitaL Under the treatment she was subjected to she rapidly recovered, and was considered to be quite out gf danger last night.. The Ashby burglary case was investigated at the Geelong Police Court on 'Monday, and a con siderable quantity of criminating evidence taken against the prisoner, Edward O'Connell, ' who was committed for trial at the next' sessions, bail being refused. ' At the WiHiamstown Court on Monday, two j men, who were fighting early on Sunday morn ing, were each fizied 20s. for the assault. One, of them (George Munro), was fined, another 20s. for resisting the police, and the other, (Robert Woods), was required to pay an addi tional 10s. for using obscene language. James Eraser, better known locally as " Jimmy the Fisherman." was remanded on a .charge of vagrancy, in order that an effort might be made to secure his admission to the Benevolent Asylum. A girl named Lindsay, about six years of age, - narrowly escaped being drowned in a water-, hole in California Gully on Sunday (says the Bendigo Independent, ) She was rescued by a youth named John Sknes, aged fourteen. Numbers of unfenced waterholes are merely traps for youngsters, and are highly dangerous. The lad deserves praise for the rescue. A wool-classer named William Barraelough, residing at Belmont, attempted to commit suicide ou Sunday afternoon by cutting his throat with a razer. Barraelough (states the Geelong Advertiser) has been, rather intemperate lately, and being out of employment for three weeks, his mind seems to have become disor dered. - On Sunday afternoon he took a -fit of madness, rushed from the back-yard i into his house, seized a razor and drew it across his throat, inflicting a .wound about 2in. in length, from which there flowed a oopions stream of blood. Mrs. . Barraelough, observing the gash in her husband's <throat, gave the alarm to her - neighbours, and the pohce having been comma-- : nicated with, they at once arrested Barraelough; and took him..to the hospital, where the wound was sewn np. Barraelough has a wife and three children. There is -only- one new name -to he 'added to the list of between 220 and 230 candidates who are now before the constituencies seeking . to fill the eighty-six seats which will be avail able in the new Assembly. . It is that of Mr. Thomas Shaw, of Wo6riwyrite,-who has under taken to contest the electorate of , Geelbng. with the leader of the Opposition. A largely- attended meeting' of Mr. Shaw'B friends was held on M6n- day night, when 'that; gentleman most emphati- caily denouncd the tactics of the stone- wall party, and declared bis iutention of going to the polL He was most enthusiastically received, and a large and influential committee was at once formed. Dr. Reid, who had been re quested to come forward, has 'definitely declined to do so, but has signified his determination to support Mr. Shaw. In all parts of the celony the would-be representatives4— especially the new men — are industriously at work, canvassing and addressing the electors. Among the old mem bers who are making a move ate Messrs. Ma-ckay and Burrowes, a meeting 'of whose "friends J was held at Sandhurst on Monday evening last, and arrangements were made for Mr. Mackay to address the electors ©nMonday. even ing next, and Mr» Burrowes on Tuesday evening. Mr. Woods is also to break, silence this evening at StaweU. Mr. _ David Gaunson does not ap pear to be satisfied with his chances of .defeating the Minister of Mines at Ararat, as he has been on a visit to Buniaypung, feeling hi way with the electors of Granville, but. the reception he met with was not encouraging/ Mr. W, Glarkd, one of the representatives of the constituency has held two meetings, at bothof-Whrch he was' well received, and. ! was .accbrded unanimous votes of confidence; Mr. Casey is among hib constituents, and addressed a large meeting at Kerang, On Saturday 'night; which is reported to haye been most unanimous awd in favour of the hoa. gentleman's re-eleotion. Deaths from typhoid fever in fee neighbour hood of Richmond still continue to be reported. A little more than a week ago the son of l Kyle, a resident of that locality, died of the disease, he being the third , child she has lest since the beginning of the year. On Tuesday another son died altera lengthened illness. The ; poor mother has been rendered destitute by the succession of calamities which has befaUen her family, and a subscription has been opened to meet the necessities of her case, which is a thoroughly deserving one. - - - ; ; i ! What might have resulted in a crions rail way accident, odcurrod>eween Ins Saltwater River Bridge and Footscray station on Tuesday 'shortly after noon. An engine belonging tO A goods train for Geelong- broke one of Its steam- pipes, aud a Williamsbowii p&ssenger; train fol lowing closely behind, being unable to render anyafedbtancn, Was delayed about twenty raiuutee, much to the discomfort of the passen gers. A pilot-engine at last arrived and jshupted the disabled engine, with jacks, on to the maid '.line, allowing the passenger train to pass. vThere are no signals between the scene of the breakdown and the Essenldaa junction; thus the passenger train went in close proximity to the djelayedigoods train, hat fortunately nb damage was done. = - t .. a t ? . A very interesting rifle match, it seems, Is likely to be the ' outcome of an animated diu- -cusaion, which took place recently qvert the camp fire ah Banbury, \ as to thei fn&itft; of. the different corps. This understood thata sort of triangular match has been arranged between ; ten of the Ballarat Rangers, tonhflthe Southern Hifies, , andtenaiM the CollingwoodRifLes, in take dace at the Ballarat. butts, on Saturday ;nfxt, if arrangements eah be perfected in- the meantime, andhs the men chosen to represent each corps: will- be the crack shots, -morel than usual interest will centre ih the contest; Amongst the riflemen practising at Ballarat are Major Sleep, and Captain Greenfiela, who shot In the international matches at Creedmoor, dud ; whose scores in some events compare favourably with the best marksmen in the world. . " .A meeting of-1 the Manufacturers and Ex hibitors-' Association Was held on Monday evening, when a large number of hew members were present. Mr. F. W. T. Evans occupied the chair. The usual routine business being disposed of, the secretary read the report of the deputation to the Minister of Lands, which was- confirmed. After discussing the report and the present position of the association's affairs, a motion was proposed and carried unanimously that a Manufacturers and Exhibitors' Associa tion be formed for the purpose of obtaining a site of land and a permanent building Tor future industrial exhibitions, the subscription to be £1 per annum, A sub-committee was ap pointed, consisting of Messrs. Knipe, Skinner, = and the secretary, to draw np and ' issue a circular to all exhibitors, requesting their co operation and to invite thein to attend the meeting to be held at Hockins's rooms on Mon day next, the 23rd inst., which will be duly advertised All the gentlemen present enrolled themselves members of the association; the meeting then closed. One more name has to be added to the long list of raea killed in the : mines of Victoria. On Monday afternoon, a miner, named James Lowe,' whilst working in the Nonpareil claim, Happy Valley, was suddenly crushed ' to death by a fail of earth, which occurred without the" slightest warning. Mr; Candler held an inquest at Moorabbfn on the I6th inst., on the body of Sarah Cook, the wife of a man named Joseph Cook. The de ceased died suddenly during her husband's absence from home on Friday night last. The medical evidence Went to show that death was caused by sanguineous apoplexy, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. A man named William John Stevens was killed by an accident in the North Devonshire claim, at Sandhurst, on Monday, through falling a distance of S4ft. down the shaft. He intended to slide down a rope, which was not securely fastened at the top, and gaye way with him. The' poor fellow was taken to the 1 hospital as quickly as possible, but died within an hour of his admission. , The ordinary weekly meeting of the Com mittee of Management of the Melbourne Hos pital Was held in the board-room of that insti tution on Tuesdays when there were present Mr. W. Gillbee (in the chair),, the Pom. J. G. Francis, Messrs. Gibbs; Shaw, Hodgson, Moody,- Phil lips, . Plunkett, . Laurens, Corbet, Anderson Motherwell. Hood, and Lawrence. Mr.; Phillips referred to the. jecenfc loss eust&hiedby; thefosti- tution in the death of its treasurer, the Hon. Edward Cohen; aud moved that the Buboom-7 mittee, to whom power had been given to draw up aq. address for presentation to tie late gentle- ' -man, prior todiis intended departure for Europe, should now have power to draw -up alettfer of con dolence for presentation to his bereaved widow and family in conjunction with the address and testimonial. This resolution was seconded by Mr. Plunkett and unanimously carried. In con nection with the same motion Mr. Gibbs gave notice of his intention at the next meeting to move, that, " With the consent of the widow of the deceased - a tablet -be erected in the porch of this hospital to the memory of the late treasurer, the Hon. Edward Cohen, similar to, and by the side of; the one erected- to the memory of the ' late Sir F. G. (Palmer." J4r. H. J. Hart for warded a letter, resigning his position as a member of the committee. The meeting, how ever, hefore accepting it, instructed the secretary to write and ask Mr. Hart, who has at all times been a very energetic member of committee, to reconsider his determination. The following gentlemen were appointed resident surgeons to the institution for the ensuing twelve months, viz. : — Drs. E. B. Heffernan, John Fitzgerald, F. A. Garlich, and Angus Munro. Upon the motion of Mr. Phillips, the secretary was in structed to write to the City Council, requesting that a level crossing might be made at the entrance to the hospital. The state of the house was reported as follows : — Week ending 14th April — Admitted, in patients, 80 ; new cases, out-patients, 241; new cases, casualties, 194 ; total for the week, 515. Deaths, 14; dis charges, 40; number of patients in hospital, 368. A serious stabbing affray took place at Eagle- hawk on Monday. It seems that a Chinaman named Ah Kee was quarrelling with another known ., as " King Charlie," when the latier stabbed Ah Kee ih theTxack with a knjte. The; injiired man was taken to the hospital, where his' wound, which is of a rather serious nature, was attended to. . Some idea may be formed of the extreme dry ness of the present season says the Mount Alexander Mail) from the fact that two exten sive bushfires were taging in this neighbour hood on Sunday : last— one in feb direction of "JBarfold and the Other near Muckleford. This is xatherjextraordinary considering the advanced season. , . ... t ,i : .. - - - <->- - . A man named Michael Russell was chargtilat the City Court on Tuesday with threatening thb liteibf his wife. .. The unnatural fellow, it ap pears, hae foV a considerable time been the terror of those it was his duty 'to protect, and' e- quently he had brutally ill-used his wif e and cbil&eo.; The 'Henoh eeqt him to garf ifor tirelve ifiOntfevas he Appeared to be perfectly incorrtgiMe. .v. . I ' : '' , Definite steps have at hut bewr tafoBn to supply the great deficiency of the Government Railways. |The folLowiqg tinder was accepted by thily Depar . - mention Friday — For the construction ot sixteen covered -and twelve, medium- covered goods Waggons, the depart, snpplttng. WhjcOj, axles, axle brasses, , and lndiariibber washes. Messrs. Walker, Hickman, and Cp. Only one ' tender1 was received for the -erection of m ghteen gatekeepers' houses ; that being in excess of the estimate, it was decided to call for %eph tenders. i Mk Candler held, all inquest oa Thursday at Mulgrave hpotf the body of William Campbell, aged feixfy years. Deceased .was found on Wed" nesday ;morfiiiig lying at the sidl;of 'his dray by his daughter with a log of Wood Upon his neck. She removed -the log, and , found that her father ! W36 quit® dead. She called the assistance of neighbours. It was evident that the tinfortn- . nate man had been killed by the Ifig falling upon him Off his dray, and the jury returned a verdict to that effect. ! A .meeting of the- West Beach Association was held at Sti Kilda on Wednesday evening. Mr. TT G. Bobardt in the Chair, tt was stated that Mr, Gillies hiad not bad the courtesy to reply to the request' of the deputation that waited on hifii last year, Urging the construction of a mili-' tary road rsund the beach, which the meeting held to be a very reasonable, requirement, and a wiork which .the Government ought .to under take. It was, however, pointed out that any action on the part of the Government before Colonel Jervois had inspected the locality, and submitted the report on the defences of the colony, would be ; premature, and here" the matter was allowed to rest. At the same time it was determined to take the opportunity of L calling the attention of the various candidates before the electorates of St. Kilda, Emerald Hill, and Sandridge to the subject, and it -was also pointed out that the road might be even tually extended to Brighton, thus completing a great and useful work from every point of view. One bf the members said that during the cotrte of one year nearly the whole populations of Melbourne; Carlton, Fifczrcy, and other suburbs deriyed immense benefit by their visits to the seaside. It would be seen, therefore, that the execution of the work would be a great pubhc benefit. Requisitions were 'subsequently adopted praying for the extension of gas and water mains, and the proeeedings.terminated with the customary compliment to the chairman. ; The following tenders were accepted by thte j Public 'Works Department oa Thursday. : — New pbblic offices at Maryborough, P. Cunningham, £?7,25S : additions to the cohrtihotise at Pens- hhrst, W.. Ross, £1,03) new court-house and telegraph office at Rnshworth, Jas. Nation and Qe., #,5S. : According to the ideas of some people, rail way trains ought, to be stopped at frequent in tervals, in much the same manner as ordinary street vehicles. A deputation from Oak field, a rural locality twelve miles from the city of Mel bourne, waited on the hon. the Commissioner fbrTtailways on Thursday, for the purpose of ask- ; ing him to grant authority for the construction ; of a platform and flag station at that place lo\ the convenience of the residents in the Neigh bourhood. Mr. Jones,, in reply, said that in the opinion of the officers of the department there was hot tile slightest necessity for such a cpnce&ion;, as the Broadmeadows and Craigie- hurn stations, between which , Oakfield was located, were only five miles apart. There would not be the slightest gain to the depart- ipent, and the inconvenience would be very gjreat. . The request could hot he entertained. < The; hon. the Minister of Mines received a i deputatiohnc Tbursday fromthe borough council of TMbot, which wished to obtain an additional grant from the Government for waterworks construction. They -also desired to' be allowed to make a change . in the plans by raising the Height of the embankments, with the View of increasing the capacity of the reservoir, And dis pensing with the settling pond's, which, it was represented, were Mot required, as the water was already sufficiently clear. r The Minister, in ;isply, said the sum of. £10,000 had been voted by Parliament, which, would be paid as the work was proceeded with, but be had no power tb increase the amount; With regard to the proposed change im the plans, it would be sub. i mitted to the Engineer-in- Chief for report. It having been reported that the State school at Nunawading, which is held in a building Dented by the department, was about to be re- moved to another locality, a deputation, intro duced by Mr. Crews, waited upon the hon. the Minister of- Education on Thursday for the pur- pose oL representing the inconvenience which the removal would occasion to the residents of the district. At the same time an offer was submitted bii the part of the trustees of the building to sell it to the department for £450 The Minister informed the deputation that the inspector woukL shortly visit the locality and report upon the budding, and in the meantime no further steps would be taken in respect to the pemoval of the . school. The Minister also received a deputation from some residents in Spring street, who desired him to use his in fluence to prevent the issue of a lieenee to the proprietor of a dancing saloon near the State school, which was a nuisance to the neighbour hood: The Secretary of Education said the at- tentioh ref the Commissioner of Police had already -been drawn to the place, and the ' Minister promised to do his best to prevent the licence being granted; , An assault case Of a very unprovoked and dastardly nature came before the local magis- trates sitting at the Emerald Hill court on Thurs day morning. It appeared that on the previous evening a man named Jofin Beatoun went m a senw-mtoxicated state on hoard a vessel I vine af ' \- the ueeh's wharf, and there most vielentlyknd furiously assaulted a man named John Meek w,h? bad endeavoured in a quiet manner to ex- ft the mistake the fellow had. made. Ev.ea- taMly the pohce brought him to the watch- hettse. Where he was locked up for drunk andidisqrderiy, aud-also for the asst he had committed. On being brought before the macik: tor offence, dad fT .tb® second, or in defoultof payment to be impjsqnedforour weeks. . f _ The.body of the man found fltuding in the Yarra mi Wednesday was on ThursdayiCentified , as that of an old man, sevenfy- two years of age. named Henry W elborn. He had been Btopfimh for a number of years at Coopers' Arms hoteL little Bourke stipet east. Lately he-had heen bad hlth and unable to work. Daring this time he nad cm more than one occasion demand l|rimwtailorti de streanCI tas starring. Mr. Foley reliev . thatftip desb4«3 queSt was beld on tne body on Thursday, Mid K; Neild gave evidence that death had been caoaed. by drowning. The jury returned a verdict to 1 the effect that tiie fleceasdd wasfoohd 1 The Government of'NeW Sodtii Walls, | donation of valuable ix>0ks tq. the library of 1 the Eclectic Associatidlf of VichWi, have added 1 greatly to that association's power for good jy 1 ai educating medium in our midst Among 1 other works of importance are Djpv Fyanddl | 'f Orchids of Australia! and " The Mammals of Australia," which are illUttrAted with woodl i cute. Another Ihtrhstdiig b06k but , partiV lariy Bo to the phRbldgis it thb Mn rtV'fit Ridley's Kaniilatoi add Other Australhai u Eangiia|feSk" . A gpnacoident of>.eevere nature, and which \ nearly led to fatal rplts, occurred on Sunday , last (says the Riverine Herald ) to a young nun named Ryan, living at GonbOwer. Hilfiathte "11 was engaged shooting kangaroos at a date hoar of the night, and mot being awaro of hay pesBoasri in the vicinity, anfortimately jiroil the contaeti .r j of the gun into the £>ack and shoiilders of hit . . I son. The poor fellow was immediately conyeypi . ( \ into Echucal Dr. O'HaTA, hfi extracted tie j shot, reports -that he is progressing ju well ig " j can be qxpectedv j ' ' | The infant found on a vacant allotment off c . Malop street, Geelpng, some days ag< was . charged at the local police conrt, on VYednoi. day, with being a neglected child, and sent to " the infant asylum aft the Industrial Schools R.oyalPark, for a -period of seven, years- iW The prisoner Peter Mnrdfeh, . chsigbd witiL the murder of Henry Ford at Wadga WaggA .;; and who now stndt committed: to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions, attempted to make \ his escape from custody the other day. It wVH discovered towards the end of last week that by some means he had possessed himself ef a knife, v and had cat a hole in the woodwork of hie pell , door, immediately ander the catch of the look, i It was fortunately discovered in time, or he might have managed to have broken ottt of hlft cell, and obtained the means of escape from th| ? prison yard. .in; Typhoid fevhi does not appear be cosfmed- to Richmond. The Bendigo Independent of. - Tuesday mentioned that the disease had mads its appearance at Eaglehawk and Diamond Hfll, and now another, and unfortunately a fatal case, " has happened at Spring Gully, in the family of Mr. Richards, his daughter Eliza, about thirteen - years of age, having succumbed after less thm a week's illness. We are evidently in danger of an epidemic of this fell disease ; and the con servators of public health and private indiv. viduals should do all in their power to prevent the spread of contagion. The charge preferred agaiiist William Charles Cook, a pawnbroker At. Sandridge, of baring unlawfully Altered a certain pledge ticket with intent to .defraud one Joseph Cohen, was heard by Mr. Mollison, P.M., on Thursday, at the local ; police court. The charge was laid nqfor foe 22nd section of the Pawnbrokers Act, and it was shown by Mr. Read, who prosecuted; tiiuL ..J oh the 15th January list, A iir of frufisers aha ' a vest hall beeh pledged with the defendant fey '- a tailiir named Norton, who, in return; recavedL. o a sum of 6s., together with tne ordinary pawn - ticket, which set out the amount for whioh the articles were pawned at 6s., and the interest thereon as 6d. per month. This document rob ' sequently fell 1 into the of a dealer named 1 1 Cohen, by whom it was sent to the defendant in redemption of jfoe article, Afi; JtowteHIk they were not givfi Up; Gonen found it neoeaJ « sary to gfi hiid demand them in person. The defendant the told Cohen that he had not sufficient money, and at the same time handed back the pawn-ticket, wifo foe fls. altered W 10s., and the to 8cL Oohttt charged foo; defendant with having altered .the timcntti when the latter admitted that he Had dbnb as they had been wrongly entered. Mr. GiliStli 41 for the defence, did not rill thy witnesses, Ijttt simply Uontetidea there tens no case of any fraudulent intent. The defendant's pledge. book represented the. amount advanced on foe articles as 10s. Mr. Mollison thought the- case one which should be sent to a higher court,1 i and, therefore, committed fee accused for trial, allowing bail in two sureties of £50 each. Upon » the first charge preferred against Cook, of i' ha\ ing neglected to enter in a, foir and regular manner particulars of the pledge in question, his \V orship decided to postpone his aetasiob, in order that the second charge might not b prejudiced. " A recent telegram mentioned feat the com , mander-m-chief of the Turkish army had left . Constantinople for Schounjla, a town of Buh " garia. A letter in fee Cologne Geczt tte gives an " mterting account of this town and fortress The Turkish troops, toe correspondent says, are for from being ready for war, and tbe nhote ; w tcQ av bchoumia and its vicinity does ?rl?XCd 12-00 men, with five or ixbaVT j K orsea and ammunition are wanting, are of tbe troops in hosfi? „ 0u ever, they are. well attended to by. a European surgeons. The latter, whe are mos% >: f#»Hr some of them have within a , TnrfciS" 8eV'erl thousands of pOUh3k " f mostly oome direct from fet wlfi i ,am ra<ik sai -mr" IS Iff SSfiSSKssssssc ImpenOteable forest, t.f q . ahdhk good gttM QTOld »rmy.Tucli lias jffteaciy gamed We poslassion of theD4hnbian fortresaes ahdYna;Sohonima < might bar the roadto Constantinople. Dirt to do this effectually it will require a garrison of at least 40,000 men. It wduld then not be pos- sibie to pass by Schoumla without cutting off one's retreat j and. in order to enter", upon a regular siege bf the Idrtress it would be neces sary for the bteiegihgarmy to distribute itself over a, space of from ten to twelve German miles; For this least 100,090 men would be required; and even with such a force little could be done unless the garrison were forced by hunger tb capitulate," . .. _ . ?. A voung nan. Edrd Moran (says, the Warr- nambobl Gttiimiwtfi'f-' was campfedtene' night last week onLakeBoloke Plains, and being very tired; Retired to rest in his cohered dray; leav ing a candle plight.- He was aroused tb find, t ie dray nVeloped in flames- ah<l- all he had witn'l liaip including" borne bank-notes, com- j pletelydestroyed. .All he saved was a coat, aud the leg of a pair of tro wsere. ' On Saturday evening considerable excitement wa8tcrepted in Adelaide saysthe South Austrq- lian,Regi$tcr))iy the reportthataman, named William Cook, hd'ptabbed liis wife/ It appears that since their arrival in the colony, about gevqn months ago, Cook and Jus .wife had lived ) part, ,Mrs. Cook being out ; at service. She re- « iarned to town & few days ago, sinoe.whichtime - she has been "lodging with a shipmate in Gray street. Oi-Saturaay Cook, accompanied by His two children, went to see lier, and endeavoured to get her again to live witH him. She refused to go, and a quarrel ensued, during which he stabbed her with a clasp-knife; in, live different places, thb most serious wound being inflicted just above the left brbast, and it is feared that the knife has penetrated the liiflg. It is stated that after the commission of the' deed the man went to Glerjclg by flic train. He has not. been heard of since, but the police are searching for him. " , , A man named Robert William Irving met With a very severe accident whilst engaged in dam-making at Mr. Davis's station, Deiiiliquin, . on Wednesday, the Hrh inst. Irving, whilst working in the excavation, was covered by a fall of earth, and upon being extricated h8 was promptly removed to the Deniliquin Hospital, where it was found that he h$d sustained serious injuries about the hips and the lower part oft the back. He remained in the institution named, gradually growing worse, until y esterday, "yvhen, as he has friends in the Sandhurst district, he was reujoyed ,tq the Beudigo Hospital. He now . lies at the institution, and on W ednesday night (says the Advertiser) was in a. very low state, suffering excruciating pain, and.hqt little hope &an; be entertained of his recovery.- f Mr. Candler held an inquest at the Pent- : ridge prison on Saturday on: the body of a. prisoner named Michael Meenan,. seventeen . years of age, who, at the time of his death, was. serving a sentence of three months' imprison ment for attempting to throw, tobacco over. the walls of the Melbourne Gaol. Deceased had only been in the prison hospital five days prior to his death. . The medical evidence showed that death was the result of typhoid feVer, the germs of which had been contracted- outside the prison, as the Melbourne Gaol , and Stockade were quite free from any such disease. A ver dict in accordance with the medical evidence'; was returned. Martin 'Hoban, the landlord . of the Yarra Farnilj hotel, Flinders street, on Wednesday sued f £ seaman named Michael Healy in the District Court for £12 Is., for board and lodging, money - Idnt", etc. The debt had accrued between the 30th March and l3th April, during which time defendant paid £2, thereby lessening the amoifnt ef the original account, which was £14 Is. 31s. 6d. of the . amount sued for was for money lent, breakage of glasses, etc., and' the remainder was for refreshment. Mr; Gall; in delivering his' judgment, said withconSiderableJ Severity that it was not creditable in publicans to encourage men to waste their 'substahbe, as in this case. HadHealy consumed the amount of liquor he waLs chafged for in his bill he must have bden drunk during tile whole of the fort- wgflt he Was stopping at the Hotel. He could Only say that'if he possessed greater power than He at pretent had; the plaintiff would not he the Holder' of a r licence long. He then 'made -an : order' for £t, rfefusiffg tb allow .costs. ' , : ' The body ; pt another man - whidii "hid Evi dently been three or four days in the wafer; . wasfouna in the River Yarra on W ednesday morn- ' ing, opposite Edwards's boathopse. The follow-.' ing is a description of . deceased About fifty- five or sixty years of age ; 5ft. 5m. or oin. in heigh t; medium build ; . light hair, turning grey; , beard of about a fortnight's growth ; dressed in a dark frock-coat, no vest, white shirt, grey tweed trousers, dark scarf around neek, elastic- side boots, and small white hat with a hlabk. mourning band around it. Scraps of . paper bearing the name of Henry Welborn were found in the deceased's Hat. The Mayor of Richmond on Wednesday laid the foundation-stone of the. South Richmond Free Library in the presence of some 300 persons. Mr. Win tor, who was presented with a silver trowel," : formally declared the stone well and truly laid, .and reviewed the origin and progress of the movement which had led up to the cere mony. TheTown Council placed on the estimates for the present year the" sum of £G00 towards the purchase of land and the ejection of a build ing.' The. question of site exercised the Library, Committee considerably both In mind and body.- Eventually a piece of land in Church street south had been offered, and though the amount required exceeded what it- had been intended to give, at was considered- so suitable that the- committee .at once recommended, mid the council . assented to,, the purchase. The council had atitheir disposal a sum of £400, ; with which . tiiey < . proposed - erecting a, room capable, they believed; of meeting the preseht , requirements of the district. - The Hon. ; J. G. Frahoifi,' who was present, also jOffdced a . few remavks ; upon. <th.B < occasion, and after: cpmpli- . menting JMr, iWiinter upon his speech, said, tht ; in bvtfry country ; he had visited/ he: found that - in those places where .education -wab further ad vanced!, .the inhabitants were inore prosperous . and- contented. ; Messrs. Bteisto and Inglis, the representatives. »in Parliament of -the ; district, also addressed thn gaihfering before tho ferminar tidtt-of -i3»e cerismony.- r, 07 -.y ><'.. A'rCsideilt'Of Geelon naUied>J5ienry Bodell, wHd Wite dm ployed as a labhhrer in Mr. Martin's Goulbfoni Valley survey camp, -eviuced ?eymp-. tnrtik of 'lunacy on -IStuiday 1 thbrning while in eafftp fttafet the' A&vlrliser; ), m& on -Monday mottiibg committed snibide 'by ' hanging himself froM'lthe ridgepbl of hih 'fetfb by a saddle-1 etfad. An inqtteatf was hbld- Wthe body at Stmworth, and a verdkit of suicide while of A itvt.'u.'; I i - I. l-J I,' UnSbufld tiaind was returned; r Bodell was; comi Ve sPeHing, a ydung man, jnud hjs rash aot , deprives a 'wife . and family of ; their -bread winner. A melancholy accident, having a fatal termi nation, occurred at the residence of Mr. James Henley, at Richmond, bfl the Ovens River, on Saturday evening (says the Offens and Murray Advertiser). ThoMas Henley, Hie youngest child of that gentleman, and who was about seyehteen months old, Was having a bath pre- vious to beihg put to rest for the night, when by some means it pulled -a dipper of boiling water Over and Was scalded to death. The laying of the foundation-stone of ihe Warrnambool breakwater is to take place on -thq 27th ihst., the occasion being .celebrated by a grand procession of the friendly societies, £re brigades, and other; pubhe bodies, headed by the volunteer; bind. There is.alsotobe achildren's \fite at the jetty, a luncheon in the afternoon, and a ball in the evening ; in fact,: Warrnambool will be entirely given up to merrymaking on the eventful occasion,1 S y The charge of embezzlement brought against the late collector for the Ballarat Hospital— 1 Frank feeler— oame for the last time before the local police court on Tuesday, and . ended in the committal of the accused to take hw trial at the next court of General Sessions to be hqld 6n the 21st inst. Only three witnesses were examined : — WiliiamjRogerson, manager . of the Grand Trunk Lead, at Haddon ; Mr. C. L Bur rows, secretary of the liospjtal ; and Mr. J. A. Chalk, auditor. Their evidence \V&s; with refer ence uO three sums ' which he is ' charged 5 with embezzling, SUd.up to the present conclusive ; proof has been brought to show that, the morieys in question have not been accounted for by him iii his books except in OHe receipt-book, which had never been produced at any audit. There yet remains a large number of witnesses to be examined. Bail was allowed, himself in one surety of £250 and two sureties of £125r " A grand moonlight promenade concert of vocal and military music will, by special per mission of 'tlxe hon. the Minister of Lands and Agriculture, be held in. the Botanical Gardens on Wednesday evening next, the 25tli inst, The Southern District Band, the band of the Emerald Hill Artillery, Madame Steinbach, Mr. Furlong, and a double quartet of male voices from the German Ranch Club Ulk, will be in attendance. The entertainment is in aid of the funds of the Southern District Band, who have been playing in the gardens gratuitously for the phsfc twelve .months. Independent of the claims w hich this band has on the public, they intend issuing a first-class programme for the occasion. The gardens will foe brilliantly illuminated, and an efficient police force will be in attendance for the preservation of order and the protection of the gardens. , The weather, which has beep, unusually sultry for some time past, assumed a more threatening aspect on Wednesday night, but though the sky became heavy and overcast, -no rain fell. At Adelaide, Warrnambool, Geelong, and Alexan dra a steady downpour, has, set in, anda change may, therefore, be looked for .here. William Nolan, who was dexterously cap tured by Warder Strong on ..the works of the Pentridge Stockade. on Tuesday night, with a large quantity of tobacco and other articles, was fined £10, or one month's imprisonment; at the Brunswick Police Court on Wednesday, this ; lenient sentence being inflicted out of respect for his father, who proffered to send him out ©f the country, and paid the fine. Prisoner seemed to be incorrigible having only been out of Pent- ridge about' a fortnight. At the Kyneton Police Gourt on Tuesday, Daniel Rierdan was Committed for trial on two charges— highway, robbery (pnder arms, and de manding money, with menaees. He offered no bther defence than that he was so drunk at the time that ho did not kriqw wliat he was doing. J The report from the quarantine vessels at Adelaide on Saturday Was of a satisfactory cha- racfer (says the South > Australian Register ) Only one or two additional cases of measly having appeared on board the British Enterprise, the patients being at once removed to the lazarctie. fn the hulk Dr. Worthington was hopeful at to the result of the scarlatina case, which had been somewhaj; doubtful, nd the other .patients, were going on well. It may tend to set at rett the popular anxiety to state- the- utmost care is being takep to (enforce, strict isolation. The two vessels are at a distance of over a mile from the beach, and a steamer continually makes a t&rcuit; outside the cordon of flags placed to indicate . the boundaries . of" tfiei Quarantine Station. The transfer of patients' is made by one of the ship's boats, and iie supply oft provisions and stores from the shore is taken by steain launch, from which the sup plies are t put into a boat boomed off from the ship's side. ' No person is 'permitted to go on board that boat, but the packages are tumbled into ker without ceremony. Oh Saturday, when a couple of tons of coal were ' required, tHe boat was.let go from the vessel and towed a consider able distance away to effect the transHipiheht. All operations are carried on to windward so as to avoid any contagion" floating on the breeze, and no boat is permitted f near the vessel with-. Out the presence of the health officer or one of his assistants in order to see the regulations 'strictly enforced. In the prbsent case, every thing possible is done to prevent intercourse of any kipd beyond the supply of necessaries and oral communication as to the state of the people on board. The passengers look to 1 be in good health, and at times ask questions relative to friends on sliore, but it is , not very easy, to carry on a conversation at the distance kept by the steam launch. At a quarter to 11 o'clock on Thursday, a fire broke out in the wooden engine-shed of Mi. . Hugh Lennon's implement manufactory, North Melbourne. The fire 'Spread rapidly in the shingle roof of the building, and the conse quence -was that the -roof was completely de stroyed before the fire, was extinguished by the Hotham brigade, which_ was quickly on the spot, followed,: promptly . by - Inspector Hoad with the : metropolitan, brigade. The origin of . the fire cannot' be explained. Tlje, amount of idamage. . don?, to. the machinery could not at once be 'ascertained, but it is covered hy in- .surance in the Victorian company. Mr. Lennon i& a£; present .iu fSydiiey. , , f , 