OPENING ADDRESS. Mr. Wilding opened his case with the fol- lowing address :—May it please your Honor and gentlemen of the jury—I feel my inability, gentlemen, to lay this case before you in a vivid and clear manner, but as I am so igno- rant that the gentlemen of the legal profession cannot, or will not, understand my case, and lay the merits of the case before you, I am compelled in the interests of myself and family to try and do so myself. Before the commencement of these long-to-be-remem bered trials, I tried in every conceivable way to come to some amicable arrangement with Mr. Leeder, knowing that he lost a good deal of property as well as myself ; and a plan was suggested which would not bear unequally on either of us. At first, Mr. Leeder agreed to settle it mutually by arbitration, but as I did not press him at once he became very cool, and sought advice from every lawyer whether- he could not get out of paying at all. He went to Mr. Burt who told him that he was liable, and he had better make it up in the easiest way he could. He was then inclined to do so, and we began to mention different parties who should act as arbitrators, if we could not come to terms ourselves. At about this stage of affairs I made a proposition to him to this effect:—that if he would pay me£300 in three years I would put all the amount I could back to him in his business, and anything he could assist in carting material for building or fences should be taken from the amount. But mind you, gentlemen, this amount would not repre- sent the losses I sustained, as assessed by a competent man to be above £600. About this time Mr. Leake got hold of the case, and not being on friendly terms with me, from causes that are well known to me,—having exposed some wrongs I received or believed I received at his hands—I resorted to the public print. Is it to be wondered that this gentleman to gratify his feelings would have carried these actions to their present crisis! Or is it to be wondered at that these two men, Duffy and Chadbourn, who were discharged from my employ for getting drunk and neglecting my horses, after they had been racing, were made easy dupes to carry on these crushing actions. Now, gentlemen, I will call my witnesses, and it will be clearly shown that the fire which burnt down Mokine, was not the one I lighted, and I hope to shew you that I am not the vil- lain I have been painted during the proceed- ings in these trials. You have heard from all the witnesses that the original fire would have burnt Crouch's and Swale's property. Surely, gentlemen, you will give me credit for doing my best under the circumstances, and if one man's mode of dealing with a fire is different to that of another, it does not follow that the plan I adopted was not the best. It has been insinuated that I threw the fire across the road. Now you know, gentlemen, it is simply absurd to say that if a fire is burning on one side of the road, it is not to burn on the other side, without being thrown across. No doubt, many of you, gentleman, have had some experience in the matter of bush-fires and I only appeal to your common sense in the matter. The manner in which the witnesses have given their evidence will give you an idea of the feeling existing towards me in this matter. There is an animus that must be apparent to you, and the sympathy which has been cre- ated for Mr. Leeder has, I fear, done much towards damaging my cause. With these few observations, gentlemen, I will now call my witnesses. Rosanna Wilding, wife of defendant, de- Remember my daughter Alice calling calling my attention to a fire. My husband went. When Chadbourne returned in the evening he said he could not cross the roadon account of the fire. Alice Wilding, daughter of the defendant, remembered going to the fire. As soon as we got through the slip rails I saw flames. My father told Chadbourne. Duffy, and me to re- main there until he returned. He said he wanted to see if the fire had crossed the road. He told Chadbourne to light along the road towards Northam. Cannot say how far the fire was from the road. The fire had burnt up to the road. By His Honor—There was a space between the road and the fire. The witness continued—I saw three kanga- roos cross the road. After we had done burn- ing, remember my father telling Chadbourne to go to Mokine. He returned, saying the fire had crossed the road. My father sent him back immediately. Thomas Wilding, son of the defendant, cor- roborated the statement of the previous wit- ness. John H. Gregory—I am a sheep-farmer and grazier near Mokine. Remember the Mokine fire. On the 16th Dec., 1876 at 12 o'clock, noon, I could not see any smoke of bush-fires. At a quarter to 1, noticed a large fire in the direction of the Warranine. The wind was blowing due north. Live three miles due south of Mokine. It continued to blow for two hours when it veered round to the south- west. I was fearful the fire would reach my place and made as much preparation as I could. Without exception it was the severest fire I have known for the last 30 years. As I soon as I had got my corn in, started for Mo- kine, and from what I heard from my sons I returned home. By the Defendant—Should think the fire travelled at least 6 or 7 miles per hour. A fire might possibly burn against the wind. A cattle track is a means by which to extinguish a fire, but in your case a track would have been of little use, blowing as it did. The origi- nal fire must have done the damage. I cannot see that the fire made by you could have hastened the progress of the original fire at all. By the Attorney General—My sons told me about the fire. The defendant showed me where he lighted the fire. It is about 100 yards from the corner of paddock to gully ; it runs into the Warranine. The original fire was travelling from north to south. The country is thickly grassed. It was about three o'clock when the wind changed. By a Juryman—Fire is carried a great dis- tance at times. William Giblett—Know the country where the fire originated. It is not grassy by the side of the road. I should say the fire lighted by you would have to go round the hill. It could not overtake the original fire. By the Attorney General—Am acquainted with the country. It is grassy a short distance from the road. William Tarling—Was living with the De- fendant as teamster at the time of the Mokine fire. Was near to Mokine when the fire broke out. It came up from the direction of the " Basin." The fire followed me up the gully. By the Attorney General—It was about 2 o' clock when I saw the fire. The Defendant was then asked a few ques- tions as to what stock he had on the run at the time of the fire. The evidence for the defence being concluded Mr. Wilding briefly summed up his case. The Attorney General replied. His Honor on charging the jury, very for- cibly explained in what way the jury could arrive at a proper conclusion. He informed them it would be neccasary for them to be satisfied that the Plaintiffs' property would not have been destroyed had the defendant not lighted the fire, innocently or not, before they could find a verdict for the Plaintiffs. The jury were absent about an hour and a half when they returned with a verdict for de- fendant in both cases. Printed and published by GEORGE INKPEN, at his Office, Avon Terrace, York, to whom all communications must be addressed. 