WESTERN AUSTRALIA. By the Tan jore we have Western Australian papers to October 27. We take the following items of news from the Inquirer of that date : — The Eucla teleeTanh line, whinh is tn rmf: n« in direct communication with Adelaide and the outer world, is rapidly advancing towards com pletion, and will be finished by about the end ..of the year. The South Australian Government are assisting iirthe construction of the remaining portion of op side of the line, and this will tend to effect a junction between our borders more rapidly. Great difficulties have been experienced in forwarding supplies to those engaged in this arduous work, carting in some places having to be done a hundred miles. There seems, how ever, every prospect that the undertaking will amply repay its trouble and cost. There seems no probability that the offer to put on steamers between here and the Eastern Colonies will be taken up ; and, more than this, the present sole steamer on our coast seems fated, through the action of the Legislature, to leave us early next year. A telegram received states that Captain Audley Coote, in addition to his telegraphic business, has partly arranged for a steam mail service between Perth and Singa pore ; and a rumour is abroad that he contem plates establishing a monthly service between Melbourne and the Straits, embracing the ports of this colony. Should lie succeed in completing this arrangement, though it is unquestionably not so desirable as that to the Eastern Colonies proposed by Messrs. Lilly & Co., yet it may form a nucleus for more extensive steam traffic than we have hitherto enjoyed. If; seems pro bable that the arrangement referred to is that 'in connection with the Banda Company, whose offer was laid before the Legislative Council and approved of last session. This Company made a proposition for bi- monthly communica tion between here and the Straits Settlements for a subsidy of ? £4,000 per annum. This offer was approved, but in the opinion of the House Beemed too liberal to be genuine, and a sum of £6,000 was placed at the discretionary disposal of the Government. There is at present same little stir in connec tion with public works. - The section of the Geraldton Railway lately opened is working satisfactorily, and considerable quantities of lead ore and wool have been ; conveyed from inland to the Northern port The agitation in regard 'to the line from Fremantle to the Eastern Districts, via Perth and Guildford, is unabated, and various offers have been put forward for its construction. The promoters of- the Floating Dock at Fremantle seem intent not to let the matter fall through, as bo many other important works have. Ap influential Directory has been formed, and measures are already being taken to secure the requisite timber and pumping machinery; and it is to be hoped the undertaking will be pushed on as rapidly as possible. The weather has been for some time most un seasonably dry and hofc, and the crops have Bnffered severely. The drought, however, appears to have terminated, rain having fallen in most of the inland districts during the past week. Baron von Mueller has proceeded to Champion Bay, and he is now on a journey overland thence to Shark's Bay. His stay in the colony will probably extend over two or three months. We shall probably have the honour of claiming the Baron as a colonist at same future day. He has already taken up a large block of land near Bunbury. His Excellency Sir Harry Ord is expected to arrive from England by the next mail. The Hon. O'Grady Lefroy (Colonial Treasurer) will probably represent the colony at the Paris Exhibition. ilr. Helmich, Postmaster- General, has been obliged to relinquish his duties through illness. Mr. R. A. Sholl, the Chief Clerk, has at present the charge of the department. The revenue for the quarter ending September 30 was £35,823 0s. 9d. ; the expenditure £44,601 19s. Rich specimens of gold quartz have been found at Roebourne, computed to average five to six ounces to the ton. About three weeks ago a distinct shock of earthquake was felt at Pinjarrah, on the Murray River. The shock extended about fifty miles round that locality, and was accompanied by a noise resembling the discharge of cannon. Sericulture is progressing satisfactorily both in the Government establishment and that of Mons. Beurteaux. Two interesting cases have been tried in the Supreme Court during the month. One was a charge of poisoning wita intent to kill brought against Hortoa Bateman. The alleged victim in the case was Mr. George Thompson, a mer chant, of Fremantle, and the accused was his confidential clerk. The evidence disclosed a knotty complexity of facts, and after a lengthy trial the jury acquitted the accused. The other was a civil action brought by two settlers against Mr. Thomas Wilding, of Northam, for having, in endeavouring to save his own pro perty from a monster bush-fire, caused the destruction of theirs. This matter had been the subject of two previous actions connected with what is popularly known as the ' Mokine fire,' in which a verdict was given against Wilding, in favour of Henry Leeder. Wilding in the present case defended himself, and ob tained a verdict in both actions. The Privilege Question in Victoria. — The Australasian says Mr. Service by his speech on Thursday night made an important contribution to the question of constitutional privilege under discussion ; but his speech possessed an even higher value in the exposure it gave of the utterly childish, unworthy manner in which privilege questions between the two Houses were always discussed in the Assembly. The asserters of the privileges of the Assembly always begin, as Mr. Service showed, by assuming that its members are the ex clusive representatives of the people in the first place, and in the second that they can do no wrong. Such questions always fall ' into the hands of a number of political firebrands, who make no attempt to reach any Judicial standpoint whence the dis pute between the two Chambers might be im partially surveyed and estimated. So far from this, they regard it as the ' Liberal' creed ' that if that House liked to declare that a certain thing was a question of privilege, and that the Council was usurping the privileges of that House, that House must necessarily be right and the Council wrong. In fact, it seemed that the feeling inside that House was that whenever a dispute of any sort arose between the two bodies as to the powers of each, the Council displayed arrogance and the Assembly only de manded justice and f airplay and its own rights.' That this was a perfectly fair statement of the views which animate the Liberal party was very soon afforded by the speech of Mr. Berry, who amply confirmed the statement of Mr. Service that questions of this kind were generally debated in that House entirely from a party point of view. The assumption that the House is the country is soon extended to the further one that die party is the House. So far is this the spirit at the present time that when he slid that the question of privilege was 'not one between the country and the Council, but solely between the Assembly and the Council » ^:^fr?CeJ1Dight haTe gone furt&er.; and have trutbfuUy declared that it is simply a question between the Council ar.d the Berry party raised merely to gratify the malignant spite and to forward the selfish objects of the party which originated it. 