; GEHEBAL 1TEWS. It is said that toe Crown Prooeentorahip, vacant by tbe"-rea|iatiari of Mr. O'Loghleo, has been offered to and aooepted by Mr. Helm, barrister, of 8aodhnrst. Bushfires have done oon.iderable damage to toe grass arid fencing, in toe Wincbeleea district. On Mr. G. Armytage'a run at Mur- roon tome 2000 acres of grass fell a prey to the flames; whilst many struggling selectors have lost toe feed on which they were depend ing, and also their fencing. A ood weighing thirty -eight pounds was oanght in the Loddon on Thursday night. The ood bad another luge fish in its stomaoh, the tail of which was sticking ont of its month. Mr, Parsons' team of Hindoo polo players will appear firat at Ballarat on the 10th inet The Star states that the Hindoos belong -five to one tribe of people, and fire to another, and play fire against five. One team are said to he able to hold their own against any ten in Australia, The Melbourne coroner held en inquest last Friday upon the body of Mr. Wright, toe late sheriff, who died suddenly at Brigh ton. The evidence of Dr. Tovell, who made a pod mortem examination of the body, went to show that he'had fouod'a bard substance bad grown from the top of the akoll and pressed on the brain. This, in his opinion, bad censed deceased to expire in his sleep without pain. A verdict wsa returned ac cordingly. \- : A Valuable Goat. — Mr. Young (Young and Rodda), of Blyth, haa in his pos- session milch goat, wbiob has given him a supply of milk continuously for nearly fonr years.. The owner values her exceedingly, and would not exchange her for any average oow in South Australia. \- A servant girl at Wagga hu been com mitted for trial for larceny. It waa shown that ehe was in the habit of dressing herself In her tnistrees'e clothes when ehe went ont for walk with i'her yonng man" on Sunday evening, and also had gone to a temperance ball similarly attired. Unfortunately for her some of her " borrowed plumes " were fonnd in her-box. On Saturday Mr. Andrew Botberfocd, a gentleman -of wealth residing in Geelong, commenced his ornsade against toe batchers of tost town by retailing toe best - mutton at 2d pec lb, toe price charged by toe ordinary tradesmen being dd. It ia not known whether Mr. Rutherford will again become a -candidate for Legislative honours ; if he does ha certainly will have a good claim on toe poOri The Courier famishes the following de scription of a new waggonnette made to the order of Rosenthal Brothers, hawkers, of Coleralne. Tbe vehicle ia admirably con structed for toe purpose required — hawking drapery, fat, over a wide conotry district. The interior is' fitted with eighteen large compartments ti-each a box, with cover, lock, and key— and several shelves for tighter goods, A centre board ia let down at night, and hare the hawkers make their bed, and sleep 'anngly enough nnder a cover made of waterproof navy canvas (by Davis), and curtains of tbe asme material. There are steps for ladies to ascend to the " shop," and ample -room inside for displaying goods' to advantage. There ia a rack at the back for carrying provender, and a receptacle or -two for tools, fa. The coder-carriage is light, bat very strong, -and the waggon ia well finished thronghont, no expense having been .spued in its construction. It may be drawn by two or four horses, arid is toe. 'best vehicle for the purpose designed that we have toqn. Alluding to toe DSniliqnin and Meama lw»y. the Momma correspondent of toe Wagga Advertiser Bays As was prophesied hy pnotical men, toe Moama and Deuitiqain railway tine baa been condemned by oor Eogioser-in-Ohief, while being oonstradted— "gingerbread work, made for sale," fa., were toe general remarks, at toe time whistled at, now proved tree. The directors are not popular ; they hold a -monopoly, eund are ton -moat, use of itr-.the . fares are to.nmcfe to tohVoppotiSn la mooted in toe shape ol a -dooble line of «w»«u Crossings are much needed on toe tine, aa for lostaope, frnm the time of leaving here iuita reaching seven: miles ont one can- not ra-otaj. T5he directors Rave been petitioned by. the townspeople 2 to.q . "abject, bat they pointedly refused jto accede, to their request Growler says he would like to see a good ."to winter, wben toe remains of the Jfoe could be looked forin toe adjacent bitiyboaga and guni awamp and the directors "not tree, At praaent xtbey are reaping a fine traffib WAdkly Ibereuio. All f«t Atoek for; , Melbonme' axe' now trucked st "Tfe,1 ffretoltoarfmuypnotman tTRs otorrespundeqf iff -ton Wagga Wuq» Ajjnrrffaa; -wptoa: — "Jt area oon& tomhopedthat toe riew year would bring a change of weather, bat opto toe present no rain has fallen. The heat has-been intense, the thermometer .varying from 90deg. to «ie grass haslost its . rihtntivtproporfeee, -nria crSca orideronr feet tike brokenjglarii. Stetobritoe fr#e» seveVti-haTObaen forced to'prieh their stook IntomaA.I email lot of «"« is fofth -»»U»«i at auction one illto'ieaak Hiere Is tittle rih bo water TO »ti«e taoks dnt bl&Vwhattotio;'tf is; reaerrisfifofchousehibrirptoea-flt i« feared pianyriiU be rnined. On the Moira reserves %area toe whole-wMi one eeleqtor avers, eaten ! 4begrMri,jqotas,nd all. ; Still they rexdq. xpsntjnwf rin the aeyeral aefoctiona' token np ;; ooueequently the new eejeotora SRsot even keqp ahorec. nnd are jmt > grwt etaita.- Theyhaye ordered titetoesp tobelkeptbsok, end in rejdy haye boen faoed with a ' writtqn Botios that tbey are trespeaten.1.1 doner Rose, who ebonld.- have .„been here weeks ago acoordfog to the.Miriister of L'0", husnot yetpntln anappearahce -''tbereJore, toe nnfortnnateadertore are- at their.wfte' end... Water toeyhavpnone within three and ' 4bafe«nBee«f toeas; rind toqyhanriotfeep a horse to draw it, i - 3%e Aoeatatee that -fond drainBge, whioh is toe fonndation nf all eSbrti in ttiadlreo- tiqnof un improved system ot egrioaltnwi is jgradaslly reneivlng an innreased ehare of' attention. Several dram-tile factorieahave of lateyears been entablishefl, and ymdergronnd idrinriae is 'bdng much ' rinconragsd in some distneta. In btoer looslities surface drains are considered sufficient, and several power- drainage purposes in Nrw ZsaUndf wSfie noV A few are at wnrk in this mod tbe neighbour ing colonies. Mr. Hugh Leonoo. who makes this implement one hia specialities, baa thia week finished very, superior one to the order of Mr. A, Lioci>las, for -one of bis cor respondents at Mount Gambier Tbe plough weighs ov«r 54 cwt.v end will need from gfirteen to twenty bollocks to make it effec tive. It will open a furrow, to act as a ear- face drain, fifteen inches wide st top, fifteen inches deep, and five inches jride at bottom Thia powerful implameut Ar« two coulters, cranked so as to cut the xwo sides of the drain at an equal slope. The heavy furrow islod&edmon; a sloping platform, and then,' by a cleverfy placed inonld board,' dtsbhaiged ' npon thsdff ude, either' .one ini or six inches from the opened drain, according to tbe will of tite operator, as- the back part of the mould board, can be set narrow or wide In a similar manner to the small scarifiers. ' The Iosb of the Torres Straits mail steamer Singapore was- chronicled in bar telegrams published last 1 Saturday. The vessel -atraok on a ennkeo rock near Miokay, and her pas sengers and prew- numbering eighty, with forty Chinese, have .been safely landed on an island where they have plenty of provisions. The Argus saye.'-The news of the loss of this fine ship' was beard with mnoh regret In Melbourne. The Siogapore left Cooktown on Tuesday last for Brisbane with the mails and passengers, having landed 450 Chinese At ' the former pork Sir Arthur Kennedy, the. new Governor of Queensland, was to have oome from Hong Kong by the Singapore, bnt tortnnately determined to wait for the next steamer, the Somerset. The loss of this fine steamer will be a great blow to the company, which has already Buffered severe losses in carrying out the Torres Straits mail service ' Ttw Singapore -was quite a new steamer, having been expressly bnilt for tbe service. On the occasion of her first arrival in Mel- bourne; 1875, she was veiy much admired on account of bar Inradhome-appearance and admirable passenger accommodation. Her gross tonnage was abont 1,700 tons, and she was in . every ,jrespect a fine ,veaseL She, could steam np to twelve knots anvboni; mid on her voyage out she made one of the fastest trips to Singapore on record, accomplishing the distan'ce'ih thirty -two days. The Singa pore is the aeoond vessel belonging to tbe 23, and A.M.S. Company which has been totally lost, the Queensland having been sank by the Barr&bool; aboat six months ago. The following particulars of a gross and brutal assault on a schoolmaster were made known to the Courier on Friday. It appears that in oonseqoeoce of a report being brought to tbe ears of Mr 1/owtber, ' head- teacher of the Drummond-street State school, of a de predation on an orchard, he proceeded to the < house where the parents of one supposed delinquent resided. Mr Lowthfer, however, failed to see the boy, and was ordered to leave tbe premises by the mother of the lad in a very peremptory manner. Mr. Lowther returned to the school, and in a short time the father of the lad came to it, and after asking Mr. Lowther why bis eon was to be blamed for the robbery, struck him several times, causing severe contusions on the left eide of his head and neck, and inflietiog a dangerous kick on the right loin. Dr. Nichol son wa called to See the sufferer, who wee fonnd to be severely braieed. Touching toe doings ol the ".Vagabond," the Melbourne Typographical Journal, gives currency to the following rumour : — Some few weeks since a yonng xnangiving a foreign name, and of gentlemanly appearance, waa brought np at the Melbourne Police Court, charged with assaulting tori Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. The aeonaed wae ordered to find two sureties to the amount of £50 to keep the peace for six months, or in default to go to prison for tint period. The sureties were not forth coming, and the indi vidual was removed to gaoL Rumour has it that the person in question ia the veritable " Vagabond," who has taken tori only course open to him— that of breaking the law — in order to obtain . a gtimpee - into toe working of our prisons. It ia supposed that aa soon aa he haa accomplished hia object the £50 bail will. be forthcoming, and this Yagabond" will be released. With a patriotic spirit that does them in finite credit, Dm. "M'Crea and Girdlestone have initiated some additional experiments with snake poison at their own ' personal ex pense. Mr. Sydney Gibbons and Mr. St. John have both given tbeir assistance in the same direction, tbe .experiments being con ducted in one of the courtyards of toe Mel bourne gaoL On Thursday afternoon, states toe T'degraph, toe virus waa extracted from five fine tiger snakes, and next day the gentlemen named tried its effeote on a nam- bet of healthy dogs, for the purpose of testing anew antidote compounded from the deed bodies of snakes. The antidote was not entirely encoessfol, ea the firat three dogs after being inoculated with the poison be trayed rapid symptoms of dissolntion, and despite the so -called antidote, succumbed almost as rapidly aa they would have done under the ammonia treatment. Several other dogs, similarly treated, did not make such a rapid exit, and lingered on j in fact, t a late boor last night, they were still lingering on. One of tbem had eo for re covered as to tske a little food, bathe was hungry before they started the experiment. It is understood that the experiments were not conducted entirely to tbe satisfaction of Mr. Hnret, tbe gentleman who compounded toe nostrum, several conditions on the sab. jectof toe treatment to be followed having been ignored, 