Local Board of Health. THE usual fortnightly meeting of the Brisbane Local Board of Health was held in the committee-room, Town Hall, on January 19. The members present were—His Worship the Mayor (in the chair), Dr. Bancroft, and Alder men Bale, Hubbard, Graham, Miller, and Apjohn (secretary). MISCELLANEOUS BUSINESS. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. The Secretary reported that the nuisances dealt with at the last meeting had been abated with the exception of those on the premises of Mr. Hempsted, Fortitude Valley. He would, however,' watch the matter, and take action if necessary. It being considered desirable to be, if any thing, more stringent than usual at the present time, the board resolved that immediate action be taken if the nuisance be found to still exist The Secretary also stated, in reference to the request of the board that Dr. Bell send them one of his new earth-closets for inspection, that that gentleman had patented the closet, and was desirous that the board should have one fitted up at their own expense in the Town Hall in order that it might be thoroughly tested. Dr. Bancroft referred to the bad state of cesspits in some parts of the city, in consequence of their not having been emptied for years, and explained the nature of the earth-closet which he used, and which he had fpund to answer admirably. It was decided that the secretary inspect Dr. Bell's closet, and also that of Dr. Bancroft, and report concerning them to the next meeting. The Chairman explained that the action taken by the board at the previous meeting in refe rence to taking preventive measures against the introduction of contagious diseases into Brisbane had been anticipated by the Government, and the requisite action taken. A letter from the Improvement Committee of the Municipal Council, in reference to stench traps, was ordered to lie on the table till next meeting. THREATENED INTRODUCTION OF SMALLPOX. Alderman Balk said, in reference to this sub* ject, he had prepared some resolutions which would serve the purpose of opening up a dis cussion on the matter. He was not at all wedded to the motion which he intended to move, and would be quite willing to adopt any alterations which the board might suggest. He thought it was just as well, perhaps, that they should not take up the position of alarmists ; and, as it had not yet been proved that small pox really did exist in the Bay, it was advisable that they should acton general principles. In accordance with this view he had framed his resolutions ; no particular disease was men tioned, and they would apply to any epidemic with which the colony might be threatened. They were as follow :— 1\. That in view of the possible Introduction of an epidemic into Brisbane, four sanitary iuspeoton be temporarily appointed, at a salary of £3 per week, whose duty it shall be to make a house-to-house visitation, and in case of uneleanliness, or the existence of any nuisanoe in the houses and premises so visited, to at onoe report thereupon to the secretary. 2\. That, during the interim between the board meet ings, the secretary be instructed to inform two members of the board of any cases of breach of the Health Act brought under his notice that may require immediate attention. 8\. That this board ascertain the best kind of disinfec tants to use during epidemics as a preventive, and that, upon such information being obtained, the secretary be instructed to describe it by advertisement in both the 4\. That tne citizens generally be earnestly requested to at onoe report to the secretary of the Local Board of Health any oases of illness of an apparently infectious nature, and also any accumulation of filth in their neighborhood, in order to enable the board in such cases to take imme diate action. He concluded by formally moving these resolu tions. Alderman Hubbard seconded them. Dr. Bancroft agreed that some necessity existed for extra inspection, because some pre mises he had seen were in a very dirty state ; and irrespective of smallpox or any other epidemic, some effort ought to be made to have them cleansed. With regard to smallpox, the remedy lay rather in complete vaccination. At present it was merely a voluntary act in this colony. In Victoria and New South Wales, it was compulsory, and he believed in all the countries on the Continent of Europe. He thought we could not do bettor than to follow in the wake of these countries, in which the sub ject had been studied, and to vaccinate the com munity as completely as possible. They could not get it made compulsory without the sanction of Parliament, and in the meantime they could only move in the direction of inducing the people to submit to it as extensively as possible. It was the only remedy for Bmallpox. Its effect might be likened to the owner of a house in the bush, who took the precaution to burn off all the grass and dry wood around it, bo that when a bush-fire occurred in the vicinity, the house would remain uninjured. If vaccination were thoroughly attended to, when the smallpox ap peared there would be nothing for it to take hold of. Mr. Bale asked whether want of cleanliness, such as dirty premises and so forth, would not greatly assist its spread. Dr. Bancroft said his experience of the disease had not been very great, but judging from what he had observed, it seemed to be scattered more by means of individuals than by premises— more particularly by persons travelling in cabs, omnibuses, railway carriages, and the like. Un healthy state of premises and dirty back yards were doubtless favorable to the spread of small pox, as of other diseases. It was a matter that should be attended to. He imagined that, in the event of smallpox breaking out in Brisbane, it would be necessary to construct some sort of temporary wooden hospital in some isolated place. The Chairman suggested that it might be desirable to at once make some provision for meeting any emergency that might occur. Dr. Bancroft said it was doubtful whether it was necessary to take any Buch steps as this until more necessity existed. It would not take very long to run up such temporary buildings as might be required. Alderman Bale Baid that, in case of any such necessity arising, he thought there would be no difficulty in getting assistance from the Govern* meat. Dr. BANOBOPr said that, with compulsory vaccination, there would be no difficulty. This had been proved in other countries where it had been tried. At the same time he should like to have the question of the additional inspectors well considered. With regard to the third resolution, in reference to disinfectants, that probably referred more particularly to drugs. He would prefer that the people depend less upon drug disinfectants, and rely more upon pure air, satisfactory drainage, the use of an abundance of water, in order to ensure perfect cleanliness, and the burning of old clothing, instead of keeping them in heaps. With regard to all excreta, the great disinfectant was dry earth. He attached very little importance to drug disinfectants, suoh as chloride of lime and carbolic acid, which were only used in infinitesimal quantities ; but con sidered that water and such other agencies as could be used in abundance, were much more effective as disinfectants. After some little further discussion, the reso lutions were all unanimously agreed to, with the exception of the third, which was withdrawn. With regard to the fourth resolution, it was suggested that advertisement* be inserted in the papers with » view of giving it effect, and it was agreed to write to the Local Board of Sydney, asking for copies of any pamphlets or other pub* lications they might have bearing upon the sub ject of the public health. 