BEENLEIGH. November 13. ON the principle of being thankful for " small mercies," we must not omit to chronicle a very slight downfall of rain with which we were favored during the afternoon of the 12th instant; so alight, however, was' the rain hereabouts, that it can do but little good unless supplemented by a more copious supply, of which there appears as yet but little prospect. The bush-fires have in their origin (in some oases at least) brought grist to the mill of mem* bers of the legal profession in this locality, one case for negligent use of fire having been brought under the notice of the Bench to-day, and a similar actiou beiug set down for hearing on Monday next. In the action decided this day, the pro secutor was. Mr. George Black as attorney for Mr. Adam Black of Qympie, thedefendaut being • lad named Otto Bachow, an apprentice to a tradesman here. The evidence for the prosecu tion proved conclusively the commission by the defendant of the offence of starting a fire in a paddock belonging to Mr. Adam Black, which fire ultimately destroyed nil the grass in the pad dock, about four chains of two- mil fencing, and about eighty cords of firewood. No evidence was called for tho defence, and the defendant being convicted, was fined £20 and costs, in de fault, seven duy&' imprisonment, the term of im prisonment, in default, being made comparatively light at the instance of the prosecutor. An application, by J. N. Ehlers, for a publican's license, was adjourned until the 14th instant, there not being a Bench numerically strong enough to entertain the application, which was refused on a former occasion. Country correspondence is not often instruc tive, but I can see my way to " point a moral" now in connection with electricity. A telegram received into the Brisbane Telegraph Office before 9 p.m. one evening does not reach Beenleigh till 9 a.m. on the following morning, in spite of double fees paid for transmission. The caute of delay is said to be that the line went (or was put) "to earth" like the foxes in the old country I Moral: Don't send a telegram if you have a horso handy. 