MONTHLY SUMMARY FOB THE MAILS. . ^ ? Inquirer db Commercial News Office, '.'.: .' ? February 19, 1876. \- OUE LETTER HOME. If the novelist in search of a hero is.as sorely' perplexed as the journalist in search ..of .a^aqbject at this time of the season we can well understand die difficulties under which he sometimes labors. There; is absolutely nothing to write about, and matters remain in slatu quo. The Go vernor has taken refuge at Rottnest Island, whither ha is enjoying himself in the company of the Chief Joetice (Sir A. P. Burt), the Acting Colonial Secretary (Hon. A. O'G. Lefroy), and As&i;&tant-; Controller Thompson. In tbe course of a few dayB Hia Excellency will pay his first visit to the settlements on the North-west coast, probably calling at Champion Bay and Shark's Bay en- route. H.M.S. Nymphe has been placed at Hia Excellency's disposal, and has been sent round from Syduey by Commodore Hoskens for that purpose. It is rumoured that Mr. Sholl, tbe Government Resident at Roebourne, who has obtained leave of absence on account of ill-health, will return to head quarters by the Nymphe. The only subject of interest, one which will be received with great satisfaction by extra-colonial readers, has been the arrival by the last mail from England of a roll of satin, fifty yards long, the produce of forty pounds of cocoons reeled into ten pounds of silk by Messrs. Desgrand & Co., of Lyons, and manufactured by Mr. W. C. Brocklehuret, of MacclesfiekL It is pro nounced an extremely fine sample, and is a heavy fabric, considering its weight ; ten pounds of silk being calculated to produce eighty yards of ordinary satin. We sub join Mr. Brocklehurst's letter, which speaks for itself. .. We would only observe that the value of the silk in its manu factured state, which is estimated at 12s. per yard, is the estimated price at the loom. Similar satin would not be procured in a Regent- street establishment uuder perhaps twenty-five shillings per yard. Thus an impetus has been given to sericulture, and we are satisfied that with a soil and climate such as we possess this industry will in time be fully developed. The letter of Mr Brocklehurst, addressed to the Acting Colonial Secretary, is as follows : — « Macclesfield, Dec. 2, 1876. « Deab Sib, — On the 11th of August I wrote to inform you that I bad directed the silk produced at die Government silk worm establishment at Perth should be thrown and manufactured into a fabric suited to exhibit its capability and quality, according to the wish of His Excellency Governor Robinsou, C.M.G., expressed in your letter of May 15, 1876. This has now been accomplished, and I have the pleasure to inform you that a piece of golden-colored silk satin, 50 yards long, made entirely and ttholly from that silk, has been forwarded to-day by steamer to His Excellency's address, Colonial Secre tary's Office, Perth, Western Australia. *' The value of the silkin its manufactured state is estimated at fully 12s. per yard, reckoned on the basis that the orgauzine (warp) and the tram (weft) were each worth 48s. per Si in the gum. ' As I take much personal interest in the subject of Silk Culture in Australia, I wish to be allowed to present any expense expended in this experiment to the colouy. Every one here connected with the trade is satisfied that the result is most satisfactory ; and there can now be no doubt but that the production of silk must become a very valuable, industry in the colony. ' Some delay was occasioned by the hesitation as to the selection of the colour. On the question being referred to Mrs. Neill, that lady decided in favor of gold, as appropriate to the ' Fleece.' ' Advices Lave been received of the departure of the Lady Louisa from London with emigrants for this colony. Notwithstanding occasional cries of wolf, wolf, we absorb immigrants as they arrive, and there appears to be a constant demand for labor. The Geraldton JJorthamptoD Railway contractors adver tise for fifty men, and ' wants ' continually appear in our columns. It can clearly be shown that men who choose to be steady and industrious may get on here as well as in any other part of the world. We lately instanced the case of some military peusioners who volunteered to ' come to this colony on a three years' probation. While serving tbeir time and in full receipt of pay, 2s. 6d. per diem, many of them have accumulated property and have uiouey in the Savings-bank. Although they have the option of remain ing iu tbe service a large number have preferred claiming their discharge. When it is considered that the pay aud pension of the pensioners averages from £55 to £110 per annum it speaks well for the colony that they are willing to give up a certainty, with every comfort aud little to do, and that they are ready to take their chance in the great battle of life. We commend their pluck. Our friends in India who are ventilating the question of emigration among their residents who are in the enjoyment of small pensions, and whose prospects of a future for their families are not very clear, will do well to consider the advantages this colony offers in point of climate aud resources - to such as have small means to begin with. We do not hesitate to say that there is a fine field open for anyone of limited means who is determined to make his way in the world. This colouy perhaps offers greater advantages than more populated ones, for the reason that there is less competition and that demand always exceeds supply. The various benefit societies have had their annual festivals. The City of Perth Lodge M.U.LO.O.F. held its anniversary on the 1st instant The members, together with brethren of the Order from Fre mantle, Guildford, York, and elsewhere, walked in procession through the streets of Perth to St. George's Cathedral, where the Very Rev. Dean Gegg preached the anniversary sermon. Mr. Trotter presided at the organ, and a full choir was in attendance. In the evening the members sat down to a substantial feast, and every ^hinn n,Ani- a£V null i~\r* 4- Via /Z.4-%* metnnt «uj.ug n^uv vu »* *-Ai.^^— %^** w**v vvu AUOMMJ.V the inauguration of a new Masonic Hall took place at Fremantle with all the ceremonies usual on such occasions. The Hall is a two-storey building, neat and ornamental ; the porch being of a mixed Iouic and Doric order. The Tobin system of ventilation has been adopted. The architects are Messrs. J. G. Broomhall and James Manning, and the builder, Mr. J. J. Harwood. The cost of this handsome edifice, which faces the sea and commands a fine position, has been £1,8'. 0. — The Grand Lodge of the Good Templars held its annual session on the 24th and 25th ultimo. There has been a very satisfac tory increase of membership during the past year. Most of the officers have been re-elected. Mr. Stephen Sainsbury is the new Counsellor, and the Rev. Joseph Withers (Church of England) has been elected Grand Chaplain. Fiuaucially the Grand Lodge stands very welL — The Order of Rechabites have seven Tents open and are gaining popularity and accumulating property. In social matters we have very little to write about. A successful concert, under the auspices of the Church of England Suuday School, took place in the Sunday Schoolroom on Monday evening last. Excellent readings were given by Mr. G. VV. Leake, Q.C., aud Mr. Commissioner James, and good music, vocal and instru mental, was rendered by ladies who are always ready and willing to assist in efforts of this kind. The children attending the Cathedral Sunday School, together with the inmates of thi Perth (P.) Orphanage and Bishop Hate's Native and Half-Casto Institute, to the number of nearly 400, held their annual' festival at ' Peppermint Grove, whither -they wore conveyed by steamer, on the 13th instant. ..... : Mr. '?' Frank Towers, . who' with ^ his family lately visited tlie ' colony ' ton a professional tour, has received a. castigation at the hands of the Press for his vile ' attempt to ran down the colony. The public were disappointed In him, and because be d|d not meet. *ith- more than one bumper house, although he found it convenient to play some twenty nights, he has exhibited an amount of ingratitude which we thought impos sible in one Who had been so kindly treated. Oidium has been very prevalent in the vineyards, but the extent of its ravages has not beeu so great as was anticipated. The blight appears to have had greater influence upon viues that are exposed than upon those which were not trellieed, and therefore more protected. Vineyards having a westerly aspect appear to have suffered - most severely, and this is accounted for by the prevalence of strong westerly gales, accompanied by heavy showers, towards the end. of October and during the early part of November. It maybe added, however, that. tlie. disease was noticed, but in a very mild form, in several vineyards on the banks of the Swan iu the spring of 1875. The present vintage will doubtless be a very meagre one. The yieLt of the harvest has been a fair average oue. Grain of all kinds, favored by the hitter rains, exhibit very satisfactory development ; but the acreage put under crop during ihe past season, it is estimated, was far too limited, even under still more favorable circumstances, to furnish suffi cient breadstuns for local- consumption.: Occasionally the weather has been excessively warm, the temperature being considerably heightened by the prevalence of bush-fires. For the past fortnight, however, the atmosphere has been very agreeably tempered by bracing sea breezes, which make np for the inconvenience, experienced now and again, of a withering easterly wind lasting a day or two in each week. 