: ITEMS OF. NEWS, . From returns received by telegram at ' half- past nine o'clook last night) of the polling at the Boroondara eleation, - the' numbers-were" Mr Murray Smith, 434 : Mr Kuipe, 303. Tha re- turns are not complete, bub the 'issue seems a certain victory for the first- named candidate. ' .1 — a7ho-electoral' listsfbf MaldonV and NoWateaa division is open for inspection at the office of the registrar) Newstead. At-the late matriqulation examination of the Melbourne University, Henry Hyam Orawcour, a "native of Oastlemaine,' son of Mr Samuel Orawcour, successfully passed. Mr J. 0. House, shire secretary of Newatead, has recently suffered great pain in the forefinger of his right hand, proceeding from a gathering, and as no other means presented itself of getting rid of: the .pain : except by . .amputation, he had the finger removed. At the Police Court yesterday Thos. Gatwood was fined 20s for indecency, in default fourteen days' imprisonment. Laura Plowright was com- mitted to prison for fourteen days for indecent language. " A drunkard was discharged, but had to pay 2s 6d for cab-hire. Themarkat was opened yesterday, -and .was moderately attended, . TJie_ supply of geese, however,- was -not -.so plentiful as -it should have been, judging by the number that were to be seen straying about the .streets. There was no alteration ip preyious ratejn . . The trains yesterday kept anything' but good time.- p The 4."3, from Eohupp.tirokedo wh at ftijjninymee, causing great ijoIay.;; rTlie;frain leavipg Sandhurst at t.25 p.mrwas iihanr and 45 minnfei- late in ppnsequenoe, and the passen gers' from the Maryborough line, had tp'hrait a eohsidereble 'time through the aepident; The mail fpr England will olose on Friday morning at seven o'clook. Registered letters and money orders can only be had up to Thurs day. The extra day of grace which has' been given is to' suit the convenience "of business people, whose ordinary avpbations will iecos- sarily' be. interrupted by the holidays.- " Our monthly summary will be published on Thurs day, The Superintendent of .the Benevolent Asylum acknowledges the reoeipt of a 18 gallop oaak of ale from Mr J.. Myring, also a: 27' gallon caBk from Messrs Fitzgerald and. Newman, for the use of the. inmates. The House Stewarfi of the Hospital acknowledges the annual gif t " of Fitz gerald and Newman of a cask of ale ; also the annual gift of a cask of ale from Mr Myring, Standard Brewery. The rough and boisterous weather which pre vailed on Saturday has done a great amount of damage to orchards and garden's in this neigh bourhood, very few escaping. In some of the exposed positions, whole branches were torn from the treeB, while the quantities of apples, pears, aud apricots scattered on the ground was enormous. This, together with the froat which visited us lately, will tend to make' fruit both scarce and dear. We regret to hear that the Rev. E. Day, who has for so many years conduoted the services of the Congregational Ohuroh, is leaving the town. On last Sunday he announced from the pulpit that on Sunday next he will preach his farewell Eermon. The oause of this unlooked-for ohange is, we understand, due to the falling off in the attendance, occasioning a decrease in thorevenus that brings it below the expenditure. To avoid falling into arrears the deacon-in-oounsel as sembled oonsidered the most convenient method of lightening their obligations was to make a proposition to roduce their pastor's stipend by taking off a third. At first Mr Day thought ho might accede to this proposition, but on fuller consideration of his responsibilities he believed it. batter to resign his stewardship. If then the reverend gentleman finds a change of place agreeable to him he will carry with him the respect and good wishes of all dosses, irrespec tive of seot. As president of the benevolent asylum he haB for many years performed func tions on behalf of the poor inmates that have entailed upon him a groat deal of trouble, and, no doubt, at times muoh anxiety oi thought. At Chinaman's Creek, on Saturday last, about nine o'olook in the morning, a bush-tire broke > out near the farm of Mr Hooper, and on account of the strpng wind then blowing from the north-. west, it spread with groat rapidity— the roar of the flames sounding liko distant thunder. In about an hour the fire reached, the farms of Mr Leversha and Mr Maokay, and it swept through their grass paddooks of thirty acres each, de stroying the whole of tho foncp, whioh was nearly new. It thereafter readied the hill to wards Haroourt, whero Mr Reiley's farm is situated with a crop of wheat standing within a dry bush fence, whioll took fire. Mrs Roiloy put the whole of the bedding and other move ables into a dray ready to leave the house, for if the crop had taken fire nothing oould save the premises, but strange to Bay although not a vestige of the fence is left, yet the crop did not get burned. Mr Reiley is a groat sufferer, also Mr Hugh Maokay who has thirty acres of grass and timber destroyed, and fully half a mile of fenco. Mr floury Loyeraha haB nearly tlio whole of a thirty-aoro paddock destroyed, grass,- timber, and portion of liis ohook and log fence. The fire apparently broke out at a oharooal kiln, belonging to Mr Hooper. The Government should stop these men from burning - in the summor-tims, especially wlioro as in this case they are surrounded by farms, ns almost overy year some one gets burnt out through these charcoal burners. Tlioy should cortainly be made to burn up the rubbish, and not leave bushes to feed bushfires as was the case in this iuBtanae. The advent of Christmas was denoted yester day by a groat ioflux of strangers to the town, seemingly on plonsuro bent. Many of them ap parently had an inclination to go up in a bal loon, for it was impossible to paBs a few yards along the square from tho afternoon till the evening without finding men and boys attaohed to these esrial messengers. Two strangers,: who artivod in the afternoon with bundles of these inflated playthings of red and of blue, hit the public taste to a nicety, and disposed of an im mensity of their fruit merchandise. Only a sixpence they eallod out every now and again,-, with an unfailing charm for dialodging'that con venient coin from tho pockets of those who dis covered they had a present . tq make. At night additional liveliness was imparted to the thronged streets by the Fife and Drum Band, 'marohing through the town - playing spirited tunes, flanked on all sides by attendants who .made a somewhat imposing procession. Later in : the evening the Volunteer Band, paraded, the town pjaying selections of snored music. . I .Great.- orderliness prevailed among the festive going 'people, though, there was . occasionally an odd traveller to be seen who lengthened his journey by the circuitous breadth he took, but he dis turbed no one by his anticipatory libations. ; However, there was on Saturday night a apeota- cle at the railway station betweeu the hours of; 10 and II o'clock that it would have been more agreeable not to have observed. It was that of a gentleman dressed in black, with a white neck tie and a prayer book in his hand, rolling ' along the platform, and making occasional excursions | to the refreshment room to fill up the interval of ; waiting for' the train5 to Sandhurst.' He must i no wy however, be enumerated -amongst those iwho are about to celebrate the great festival of. ; the year. V | A oircular has been issued by the Chief Secre tary to the various departments notifying Mipi3- j ters and heads ofoffices of tho rejection of the | Appropriation Bill, and requesting them to be iqautioqs in incurring liabilities.. Whenever a | postponement of expenditure is. possible 'this course is to, bo adopted. By this means it is ex- Ipeoted that the money iu hand will laBt until 'the-end of March, so'that afresh supply will not 'be absolutely necessary until April next, al- jthough, of course, /many of the postponements will euse great pubHo inconvenience. The dense ignoranoe of banking matters .die-., played by some depositors is very amusing. One day recently a cheque for L5, says the Star, was presented to' be dashed at a bank' here by a .tradesman who had obtained the ohequp fppm; I the drawer. It was handed back marked " not sufficient f upds," anfl. the. tradesman promptly called pii .tho person who had drawn.it fpr an explanation.' The .' reply was, " Woll.T'm i blowed,"' the — — " bank" notr to haye sufficient funds to pay that amount." 1 I The Sydney Morning Herald relates that bne'i afternoon recently a Mr Vaughan had occasion'' to go into one of the upper rooms of the pri- ; mises occupied by him at 66 Market- street, when he noticed lying: amongst- a 'quantity of waste .paper and other articles about tho floor, a large snake. He gave the alarm, and Mr Hawley, of : the American Novelty Company, went upstairs and killed' the reptile. It proved to be a' large carpet anake, measuring 9 feet in length.) How the snake found its way into the room' where it. waB found is.not known for .certain." A yeqr or so ago the premises were used for an' exhibition, and it haB been con jectured' that the one found as above described formed one of the. exhibits whioh had' escaped from its receptaole, and had lived sipce in the flooring or in some obscure hole) ' On Sunday.ufternoou, between 5 and 6 o'alock, a aad accident happened' near the" railway sta tion,-; Yarraville, by which a middle-aged woman named Smith lost her fife through the careless ness of her husband. It appears, reports the Telegraph, that Smith had some friends - visiting the bouse during the day, and when his wife wsb about getting tea prepared, Smith was engaged in. one corner of the room showing a loaded re volver to his fripnds. , . Without any warning, by some means one of the chambers went off, and the. charge entered the le'ft 'breast of the unfor tunate woman, who immediately expired with out saying one word. Dr Morton, of Footacray, was quickly on the spot, but his servioes were of no avail, the shot having penetrated the lungs. Smith was arrested and lodged in the- look-up bySenior-constablo Fowler. A post-mortem and inquest will be held during the day. De ceased leaves no family. Smith was at one time engaged in the navy, and was, at the time of the aepident, showing his friend how to use such a weapon when afloat. Our Melbourne cor respondent writes, that a verdict of accidental death was relumed. The announcement that the " Australian Blondin " would walk serosa the River Yarra on a wire, and that there would be no charge made fpr. witnessing the performance, was sufficient, remarks the Argus, to draw a large crowd to the neighbourhood of Edward's boat-houses on Saturday night. The wire used was apparently half-inch wire, and the aito selected was imme diately above the boat-houses. The night was dark, and evidently not the least preparation had been made for ligliting- up the performance. Shortly before starting the perforator tied a couple of fireworks to oaoh end of the balaneing- pole, but one of them fell off almost imme diately, and the othir did hot laBt one-third of the way across. The performer started on his difficult task with great confidence, but when about a dozen yards on the wire he turned as if to come back. He changed his mind, however went on and crossed safely. The persons manag ing the fireworks allowed one to become extin guished before tho next was lighted, so that Blondin was twice in the dark before he got across. The wire was badly guyed in only two plaoos, and swayed a great deal. With suoli unsteady footing, combined with a fitful light alternating with almost total darkness tho task must have been a very diffioult one! Soon after starting on tho return trip tho fire! works on the south side of tho river gave out and bofore accomplishing one. quarter of tho journey Blondin missed his footing and fell, but hung on the wire with his legs. With great pluck and determination he maintained hie hold of the hoavy balancing pole, struggling hard to get it above tho wire again, in order to regain hie position. A light was shown from tho north ern bank, but in a few Beoonds, thiB gavo out and no more nttempts wore made to light up tho Bceno. In the dim light tho lad oould be seen trying hard to get above tho wire, and after a time suooeeded in regaining his feet, and ro-' turned to his original starting point amid the most enthusiastic oheering, ' . 1 0 v. . j The yield of gold for the week at Bendigo amounts to over 4000oz. Ip di?idendaL4063 16s 6d hps been declared, as againat L800 oaUa made, leaving a balance in favor of dividends of Lfl263 15s 6d. . A fatal acoidant oqourred on Sunday af ternoon at Newcastle, by which Williams, a restaurant- keeper, and three other men. were drowne . They went out for a sail, and when four mi outsido tho Nobbs were caught in a southerly burster and capsized. The subject of prospeoting is engaging atten tion in New South Wales. Mr Ooonan, states the Sydney Evening News, is to movo, in the Assembly, " That this House will resolve itself into a committee of tho wholo, to consider ou address to the Governor, praying that his Ex cellency will bo. pleased to cause to be placqd on the estimates for 1878 a suui not exceeding L5000, for the purposes of assisted prospecting the Grown lands of the colony." On Friday evening last a farmer and wood cutter named Patrick Rearney, residing at Oonnewarre, left Marshall Town about 11 o clock for his home, and was believed to bo slightly under tho influence of driok. He appears to haye proceeded safely in his waggon, drawn by two horses, till reaching the railway crossing near Marshall Town, wheio ho must have falleu off, and the wheels of the waggon passBd over him, as a Miss Hall, driving into town at an parly hour, found the dead(body near the hind wheel of the waggon. ; " We regret to hear," says the Beudigo Even ing News, " that apprehensions are alive to the faot that the dreaded vine disease, Phylloxera vastatrix, has made its appearance in the Ben- idigo district. We do not desire to nlarm'our vignerons unnecessarily, but from what we learn we think that not a moment should bo lost, and every exertion made to stamp it out before it spreads any further. Indeed from what we have heard more than one vineyard is already afiected, and that for some considerable time. : Wo think, therefore, the vinegrowera of ithe Bendigo district who are immediately in- terealed should give every assistance to the Go- jvernment in having the present bill before: the House carried out in its integrity, and not clog their efforts, as this desirable measuro is- solely in the vinegrowers' interests." Consequent upon tho news received from 'Europe, the Oerberus has been placed upon a iwar "footing. Commauder Mandeville, says the Argus, has recoived orders from the Chief Secre tary to ship 12 additional men, which will bring ithe orow up to the neoeseary strength, and other requisitions which the commander has made to secure the complete offioiency of the vessel have been assented to. A confidential report has been received from Commodore "Hoskins regard- ling the Cerberus, and this has been transmitted !to Commander Manderville, and all its recom- Smsndations are to be acted upon. _ The com- imodore. expresses the highest opinion of the value of the Oerberus as a protection , for'the port if she is properly supplied with , men .ai)d Isto.r.esi.andthg Government Jiave decidgfftoi.sc- oede'to all requests and suggestions. ; );r. ! The Geelong correspondent of the'Agb writeii : On.Friday afternoon a nuyel institution was opened in the. Market-square. It consisted in jwliat is known as a coffee house under the stylo jbltliq; Albert Home, and has beep established ioa. the priqoipie so mucli , in vogue in large centres of population in' England and America. For Bonae time past the movement has, been on foot, atid it was at length decided to purohase commodious buildings at tho corner of Malop and Yarra streets, in the Market- square. These cost L1500, aud the money to purchase them j was raised by fifteen gentlemen lending L100 eachpn easy terms. The first year they ore to receive no interest, and the duration pf the loan iand the rate pf interest to be charged will be determined by the sueoeBS of the undertaking during the first twelve months. The alterations ' to the building, and the fitting of it with the necessary furniture and appliances, cost L637, of whioh 1,531 was subscribed, leaving a balance of. L106. This has been further reduced by Friday's subscriptions to L29. The objects of ithe promoters of the institution is to provide a suitable home for any who are unable to. obtain accommodation elsewhere, tickets being issued in the same manner as for charitable institu tions. The room was opened on Friday by the ;hon. J. Balfour, M.L.O., the Chief Justice Sir William Stawell, also being presents " ; , The following account pf a misuhderstandihg : between Bishop Thornton, and some : of t)ie. members of Trinity Church, Buninyong, . is , given by the Ballarat Star : — " We are sorry to : have to announoe that what is- described as the 'cool treatment' by Bishop Thornton of the churchwardens' and vestrymen of the' Trinity Ohurch, Buninyong, in thei matter of' church business, has caused the lay officials to resign in a body.'. From what we can learn, the bishop has deoided to remove Mr Barren to fill a a va cant place in Ballarat, and that without ' in the slightest way consulting the churchwardens and vestrymen in the matter of the removal, or as to who shall bp appinted in his place. Mr Barren has been so attentive to his parishioners in Buninyong that he lias won g'oldon opinions here. His visitations have been suoh as to warrant a wish on the part of his flock for a continuance of his services in Buninyong. The removal of Mr Barren from amongst us (says our correspondent) by Bishop Thornton, and appointing a successor ' without consulting the proper representatives of the ohurch, can not be warranted, and we have heard'it broadly stated that it is likely, if no proper understand ing is come to between the contending parties, a Ffee Church will be established here, under' the sfime denomination, but entirely indepen dent of Bishop Thornton." , ' The Launceston Examiner of Daoember 18' reports " A robbery was perpetrated on Fri day night, by which Mr Susman, of Hobart Town, who has lately opened a branoh business in this town, has lost property to the value of about L400. Mr Susman, jun., had been stay ing at the Brisbane Hotel, but was about to take up bis residence privately at Mre Walker's, in Canning-street. While visiting at Mrs Walker'b he was introduced to a man named Richardson, who was lodging there. With this man Mr Sub- man became on rather friendly terms, and on Thursday night be took liim to liie room at the Brisbane. During conversation there a box containing jewellery to the value mentioned above was noticed, and Mr Susman made a re mark to the effeot that it contained valuable property. Ou Friday evening Mr Susman was at Mrs Walker's house, and was engaged in a friendly game of cards. Richardson oxoused himself from joining, saying he had business in town. At a later hour he was seen by the waiter at the Brisbane coming down the hotel staircase, but no particular notice was taken of him, as ho had beon seen there the previous evening in Mr Susman's company. Next afternoon Mr Susman went to the hotel for his box, but it was not to be found. Upon inquiries boing made it was suggested by the waiter that perhaps Mr Susman's friend, Mr Riohardson, had taken it to Mrs Walker's for him. Riohardson then became sut- pected, ond Mr Coulter, superintendent of police, paid a visit to MrB Walker's on Saturday night for the purpose of interviewing RiohardsoD, but he wcb not to bo found, and he has been non est ever since. It is, however, Btated that he was playipg billiards at an hotel on Saturday night, and that he dined at another on Sunday. A searoh warrant was oxeouted upon his property at Mrs Walker's, on Sunday, und a quantity of jewellery, the property of Mr Crookes, stolen from the City Hotel some months ago, was found in ouo of his boxes. We may state that Riohard son had boon pusp'ected of pilforing the boxes of lodgers at Sutton's and the City Hotels, and was turned out of oaoh place in aonsequencc. Hois by trade a ooachmakor's blaokBmith, and is said to be a good tradesman. He was well known in musioal oiioleB, having taken part in several con certs, eto., lately given tu Daunoeston,'! , ' — The Oriental Reef, Morse's Creek, Bright had 340pz of gold from 200 tons of Btona on Saturday.- A singular accident qcourred on Sunday at Bacohus Marsh, to a man named Patrick Grey aged 40, a resident in the neighbourhood. The unfortunato man was driving a bullock team and dray, whon tho lattor came in contact with a tree. Presumably the tree was rotten at the base, for the shook caused it to fall, and in bo doing it crushed the poor follow frightfully fracturing both his thighs. A.corrospondent of the Toowoomba Chronicle says "Shortly after the separation of Queehs. land from New South Wales, a gentleman was leaving Melbourne for . QiipeuBland, where he had received a vory good Government appoint ment. He was not one of the most wealthy class, although an exceedingly good fellow,, and ho had to borrow from Mr Duerdin, a well- known solioitor in Melbourne, aomo L17 to help pay his oxpensoa to Brisbane. Three months pftor his arrival, lie was in a position to. reopup liis friend the borrowed money, and he wrote Mr Duerdin, asking him how he should remit it. That gentleman answered that he could" invost the L17 for him in Brisbane at the next land Bale. Not long afterwards a land sale at Fortitude Yallay took plaoe, and six acres were purchased for Mr Duerdin, at L9 per aore L54 in all. Mr. Duerdin has joinod the "' great majority,' aod his executors are realising ' his estate fur the benefit of his family. The six acres, originally purchased for L64, were sold py them to Mr George Cowlishaw (the reprp) sentative of tho land company) for Lip,'(jo6 cash— a good investment truly. While on this" subject, I may mention that the corner block now ocoupied by Mr A. J. Hookings, in (jqeen,> and Albert streets, was originally purchased byl Mr Archibald Michie, the Agent-Gehefal :fdr Victoria in London, for L30, and was sold by ' him for sixty pounds ; L20.099 is about its ' value at this moment." - ' : ; ' . ' We (Argus) have made some inquiriesi into the school and University career of young Alex- ander, who has just achieved for the colony the highest distinction it has yet gained in the lists of educational competition in the old country. We find that he joined the Wesley College in 1871, just when Professor Irving assumed charge of that school ; that he passed the matricula- tion examination— that awful terror , to our schoolboys— with credit before he was thirteen. In the same year (1871) he was elected Draper scholar, beating his seniors, Irving and John- ston, who afterwards distinguished themselves at the University, and after an uninterrupted career of success , at the school, including the gaining of the Argus prize, quitted it in 1874 as Walter Powell scholar. In the beginning of 1875, he obtained all the three exhibitions at en- trance. At the end of that year, he was placed in the first class in the arts honor list, and had awarded to him both the classical and mathe- matical exhibition. At the end of 1876 his name appears again in the first class, and he gained no fewer than three exhibitions for cias- sics, for mathematics, and for natural science. After such a career, it is no wonder that his teachers advised him to try the wider field of competition which an English University pre- sents, and he went home last May, uncertain whether to choose Oxford or Cambridge. He appears, however, to have determined to try at once for the Balliol Scholarship, which for men entering Oxford is the highest honor attainable, and therefore most keeply contested ; and un- less the telegram received on Friday has been misread, he stands first among the scholars elected for the year. We can easily understand that with Professor Andrew's' pride in the for- mer Wesley College boy should be mingled some regret that so promising a student is lost to his own University and Professor Irving's pleasure in finding his favourite pupil occupying the same position which he himself once filled. 