ÏELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES VICTORIA. (mOM OU« OWN COItllESrONDENT.) CASTLEMAINE, SATunnAT. The mines are looking up. The terrona' Reef Company cleaned np to-day 202oz,, and the directors declared a dividend of Ci. A great jubilee waa held at the Criterion Hota to celebrate the event. The minea at Chew ton aro also turning out well. The Wattle Gully Central Company and others gave over lOOoz. for the fortnight. The poor aluicera have nearly all atopped for want of water. The Caledonian Reef Tribute Company ia doing very well. A payable quantity waa cleaned up to-day. The Perseverance Company, Fryerstown, also had a good cleaning up this week. The Fryera Company start to get out quartz on Monday, having drained the mine thoroughly. Gold has been Btruok heavily in the Angla- AuBtralian saine, Golden Gully, and oleo in the Duko of Cornwall mine. There baa been a great bush-fire to the Bouth and weBt of the town all day. ECHUCA, Sunday, A fire broke out this morning In Mont- gomery's furniture shop, Hare-street, which is only a few yards from the scene of the fire of the 22nd inst. The premises, which were of brick, were known as the Beehive atora. The fire, which started in the front of the shop, had gained a good hold before the alarm was given, and it spread to White's boarding-house, part of which building, to- gether with the Beehive atore, waa totally de- stroyed. The Riverine Hotel, adjoining the shop on the other aide, waa saved with diffi- culty. The bulk of White'a effecta, which were insured for £100 in the National oflico, waa saved, but the whole of Montgomery's stock was consumod. The latter waa insured in tho Australian Alliance Company for £000. The origin of the fire ia unknown. SANDHURST, Sunday. Michael Ryan, farmer, at Axedale, waa thrown from hia horse this afternoon, and killed inatautaneoualy. (AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS TELE0RAM8.) NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, Saturday. H M.S. Nymphe sailed for Western Aug. tralla on Thursday. The Customs officials and others who wera on board the Briebane in quarantine wera released yesterday. Captain Balfour, of the steamer Brisbane, haa been fined £100, or three months' im. priBOnment, for a breach of the quarantine regulations. A prisoner named Victor, under committal for horae-stealing, eaoaped from the Gulgong lock-up last night by lifting a heavy log form- ing part of the ceiling. One of the lads who fell over the cliff at Argyle Cut haa died. The Rev. P. F. O'Farrell, of St. Joseph'», Newtown, died yeaterday. The Alberta have the Cup match well in hand. To-day they acored 100, with the losa of only one wicket, Thompaon and Murdoch, not ont, making long a coree. Arrived.-Wentworth, a.s., from Noumea. Sailed,-City of Melbourne, b,s , for Mel. bourne. Sunday.' The Sea Nymph, from New Caledonia, reporte :-The barque Landum, 155 days from Marseilles, went ashore at Bulari Paas on the 21st, and ia likely to become a total wreck. The cargo consisted of wine8, brandy, kc. Arrived.-Alexandra, S.H., from Mel- bourne. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE, Saturday. Chief Justice Way will be sworn ia a« Acting Governor on Monday. It ¡a feared that the general wheat average will not exceed five bnBhela, leaving a sur plua for export of about 70,000 tons. Holdera of wheat are asking Ga, 3d., and the market ia exceedingly firm. The It,M.S. Bangalore Baila at midnight. QUEENSLAND. BRISBANE, Saturday. Advices by the Bowen atate that the Leonora steamer ran into the brig A. F. Levy in Formosa Channel. The latter instantly Bank, and all livea were lost. One hundred of the ringleaders ia the Japanese insurrection have been exeouted. A large fire in the Buburba of Foo-Cuow destroyed 2,000 houses, and 100 people wore killed. The educational movement ia rapidly spreading over Japan. Cbipli (!) advicea Btate that there are pros- pects of a great famine, Winter had al- ready Bet in, and parents were selling end giving away young gula in exchange for food. _^^^^^^^ Trie half-yearly meeting of the Model Lodging House Company will be held at 11 o'clock thia morning. 