TOWN TALK. Full particulars of a disastrous fire at St. Albans, which consumed four stacks of hay and a live-roomed weatherboard house, and gutted ; a seven- roomed stone house, besides doing other damage, will be found another column. The property destroyed belonged to Mr Thomas Fargie, a farmer at Bast Geelong, and he estimates his loss at £700, only £360 of which is covered by in surance: The fire occurred on Thursday night, and was the work of an incendiary. An inquest is to be held as to the cause of the conflagration. A very important subject, affecting the interests of the. port of Geelong and the Western, district, was brought under the notice of the Town Council, yesterday, by dr. Meakiu. He referred to the excessive :harges which vessels visiting the port had ;o pay, and said that many wool ships were' prevented from coming to Geelong to load, as the charges for towage made it a seavy cost on the ship. Other details, little in ihemselves, but all detrimental to the en :ouragement of shipping at this port, were •eferred to, and a suggestion was made that iteps should be taken to get the establish nent of a local Harbor Trust. The" matter was considered to be one of such vital im portance that the whole Council approved of t being brought prominently before them igain, with statistics and other information, io that immediate steps might be taken to ibolish or lessen any restrictions which nay affect the port of Geelong. ; It was stated at the meeting of the Conn ;il, held yesterday afternoon, that the plans :or the, new railway-station had been .ap proved of by the department. This seemed bo take the councillors by surprise, as each was under the impression that the Council would have had an opportunity of inspect ing them before they were adopted) a promise to that effect having been made 3ome time ago by the Commissioner of Rail ways. The Mayor intimated He would at tend to the subject, and see the Hon. Joseph Jones, with the object of getting the plana submitted for the Council's inspection. The excursion to Ballarat in connection with the Yarra-streefc Weslcyan Sunday school came off yesterday. At half-past seven a.in., the school r children, together with their parents and friends, to the number of 560, proceeded by special train to Ballarat. The city was reached shortly after nine o'clock, and the pic-nicers were at once con veyed to the Botanical Gardens, the ren dezvous for the day. A slight shower of rain fell, and the weather looked rather threatening for some time after the party had arrived, but the dark clouds subse quently cleared away, and a very enjoyable day was spent. Lake Wendouree was ex ceedingly well patronised, the Committee of the school chartering two steamers to convey the scholars about the lake. This proved a great source of amusement, and the games provided for them on shore were, comparatively speaking, neglected. The refreshments given out to the children were, as usual, highly appreciated. This de partment was under the management of Messrs Bennett and Son, and a new arrange ment in connection with the distribution of the eatables was put into operation. Each teacher was given a box containing sufficient for those under his or her charge. The method..worked admirahlv. The train ar rived at Geelong in the evening at 7.45, and the excursionists soon dispersed and sought their respective homes, thoroughly satisfied with their trip. Mr Kirwan, the Geelong Stationmaster, was very attentive to the children, as were the officials at Ballarat and Wendouree. The Superintendent of - the Sunday Schools, Mr G. M. Hitchcock, was, as usual, very successful in carrying out the day's programme. A decided bungle has been made by the Town Corporation in the matter of appeals against the assessment. On the 4th Decem ber, when the subject was under discussion, the Council agreed to adopt last year's va luation, except in the case of new buildings and alterations to old ones. This determina tion had the effect of confirming the valua tions of last year, so that no appeal against those assessments could be made. Yesterday an Appeal Court was held at the quarterly meeting of the Council, and when one of the burgesses appeared to prosecute liis appeal against the old assessment, it was pointed out that the appeal could not be entertained seeing that the Council had already confirmed the assessment. A majority of the councillors explained that they never intended on the 4th December to deprive the burgesses of the right of appeal, _and the subject was provo cative of a long discussion. In order to get over the difficulty it was determined that the appeals should be postponed, and that a call of the whole Council should be made for the 19th inst., with the object of rescinding the resolution of the 4th December, and thus allowing any of the burgesses to appeal against tho assessments if so desirous. j There has been a large lire raging near the ! Stony Creek waterworks during the last few days. It crossed near the new dam, on the Stony Creek road, and it took Mr Irwin (the maintenance foreman) and the men en gaged there all their time to save the large I burning conducting the water from the dif ferent aqueducts to the tunnels. The fire, apparently, came from the direction of Steiglitz, but some persons fancy that it was caused by contractors grubbiug in the neigh borhood. The woodwork at the water- | works has been put in first-class order, and ! if it had caught fire the damage would have bceu cuualvlcitVblc. I There is scarcely any appreciable change ' in the weather to report About 11 o'clock yesterday forenoon heavy looking clouds covered the sky and a few drops of rain fell. The clouds, however, drifted away to the north, and the sun's rays were felt during the remainder of the day. Towards evening smoke from bush fire3 in the direc tion of Queenscliffe and Portarlington again made the atmosphere oppressive, but a cool breeze from the south afterwards set in. The Geelong Assizes were commenced yesterday. His Honor the Chief Justice presided, and the criminal business was soon got throngh. George Irwin—whom, it will be remembered, broke into Mr Holman's dwelling at Bellarine and stole a quan tity of jewellery from it—pleaded guilty. When the Chief Justice was about to sen tence him he asked the prisoner if lie had any witnesses to character that he could call. SuperintendentFurnell was present in Court, and informed his Honor that the prisoner was not one of tlio criminal class, although a pre vious conviction was recorded against him. His Honor remanded the prisoner until Monday, in order that he might enquire into the case! A man named George Wilson, charged with arson, was discharged, the jury considering the evidence inconclusive. Walter M'Beath was found guilty of assaulting and robbing Catherine Cain, near Murglieboluc, and was remanded for sentence. In the Court's Civil Jurisdiction, the case of Gray v. Pearson was heard before a Jury of Pour. There was a dispute between the litigants as to whether the defendant, who bought tho debts in the estate of I). Cocks, owed the plaintiff, who was one of "the creditors, £136 9s 6d, or £50, the purchase- bein** at the rate of 10s" in the £. The Judge"told the jury that if they found for the plaintiff they would have to give damages for the amount claimed or for £50. The jury, how ever, stuck out on an idea of their own, and returned a verdict for the,plaintiff for £67 8s 3d. The Court sits at nine o'clock this morning. Por some timo past the workmen at the Gardens have received their wages from Mr Kaddenberry, the Curator, in a rather round about manner, and attention was drawn .to the subject by Cr. Jones at the Council meeting yesterday. It seems that the Town Treasurer has been in the habit of giving a cheque to Mr Baddeuberry covering the wages of the men under his control. The Curator has hitherto paid it into liis own banking account, and paid the men with cheques on his owu banker. This formed the matter of complaint, the prin ciple being considered a bafl one. Tho contention of Cr. Jones was that the men should cither receive their wages in cash, or separate cheques, signed by the Town Trea surer. The ventilation of the complaint led to a little unpleasantness, Cr. Jones being accused of wishing to cast a reflection on the integrity of Mr Baddeuberry, but this was indignantly denied by Cr. Jones, who said that he merely wanted to see a re! form made in a matter which, he con sidered, needed some reformation. Some disagreeable things were said on both sides, resulting in Cr. Jones being told that if he had anything to complain of against the afiicers, he should make it known to a Com mittee, and not to the public, with the view af securing a little popularity. It has been stated in several quarters that She reaping and binding machine, designed hy Mr Ferrier, of Coleraine,- and' made by Messrs Humble iind Co., of the Vulcan Poun Iry, is somewhat of an infringement on the patent obtained by Mr J. A. Kay for a knot, iying machine. In order that tho public might jo satisfied that such is not the case, Messrs Bumble and Co. wrote to Mr Edward Waters, of Melbourne, who undertook tho patenting of botlf inventions, on the subject, ind they request us to publish the letter i ihey' received in reply. It is as follows ' "In reply to yoars o£ yesterday, I beg to say that I am quite familiar with Mr J. A. Kay's patent knot-tying apparatus, as well as with Mr Ferrier's reaper and binder, and that, in my opinion, Mr Ferrier's machine does not in anywise infringe Mr Kays patent.—Edward Waters." " It is intended to make the Regatta on I Lake Connewarre on Good Friday more attractive to the pnblic than it has been for some years. A largely attended meet- | ing of those interested in making it a suc cess was held at the Olive Branch Hotel last evening, Mr H. Davison being in the chair. A list of the prizes proposed to be offered for competition was drawn up, and if the necessary funds can be collected there will be every inducement held out for a Beries of spirited contests. It was decided to fix the programme at the next meet ing, to be held on the 23rd inst. A suggestion, which by the way must be j considered a very excellent one, was made, to offer a prize of ten or twelve | guineas for a junior foar-oared gig race, and the Secretary was instructed to j communicate with the Ballarat Rowing | Clubs, inviting them to send crews to com pete in the event of the prize being included J in the programme. There can be no doubt that the local clubs should be represented in such a race, and it would have the effect of I attracting a large number of sightseers,. and | the regatta would certainly receive great iclal. Another equally good suggestion was made 'to engage a band for the occasion, whose enlivening music would greatly add to the other charms about the lake and its surroundings. The meeting ad- | journed till the 23rd inst. The usual annual inspection of the police accoutrements was -made yesterday by Mr Kioholauu, luopeetiug Superintendent of the Force. The policemen in town and the-snr rounding districts were collected at the sta tion in M'Killop- street, and went through a variety of drill movements. For several days past shoals of salmon 1 trout have been met with near the Bird Rock, just outside the harbor. Some of the j fishermen have been more than usually suc cessful, and several of the fishing smacks have come to the wharf so heavily loaded with the salmon that the gunwales of the boats I were almost level with the water. The only case of interest at the Police Court yesterday was that of the prosecution | i of Julia Riley for having assaulted her hus band. The evidence' disclosed the fact that husband and wife did not live upon the best | of terms, and the Bench decided to dis charge the prisoner with a caution, be- . lieving that both ■ were in fault. Mr | Banton, P.M., and Mr Upton, J.P., at tended at the Court-house. The attendance at the meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Literary Association, last evening, was very favorable. A good deal of routine work, including the election and nomination of new members, having been got through, Mr- J. F. Hogan opened a debate on the question, "Has Government a right to enforce the observance of the Sab bath ?" Mr M. B. Byrne responded, deny ing the right of Government to interfere with the subject's personal liberty and liberty of conscience on the Sunday more than any other day. An animated debate followed, extending over an hour and a half, and many sound arguments were advanced on both sides, the result being the atHrma ti©i of the question by a majority of one vote. A correspondent informs us that he does not believe there is four weeks' supply of water at Ballarat. He says that about IS years ago no rain of any consequence fell in , Gcelong from January to June. He believes that if the present drought continues the Geelong water supply will fail, and he thinks ;r it injudicious to water the streets with re servoir water. Salt water would answer the purpose equally well. We think consumers of water should be careful not to allow any waste at the present time. The Sydney correspondent of the Herald telegraphs to it:—"The Canadian exhibits consist of a large and varied quantity of articles in which trade is expected with Aus tralia. The Canadian and United States ex hibits weigh 2500 tons, requiring 20,000 feet of extra space. Gregory and Co., engineers of San Francisco, require over 2000 square feet for their display of mining, agricul tural, and general machinery." Our Thursday's Sydney telegram con- j tained the following item:—" The Ocean Gem is the first vessel with American and Canadian goods for the Sydney Exhibition, and will bring 1200 tons of cargo." In re ference to this statement, Messrs Newell and Co., of Collins-street, write to the Argus, explaining that the Ocean Gem is only 323 tons register, or about GOO tons capacity ; that she will touch at Melbourne first and land 200 tons of cargo j and then proceed to Sydney with the remaining 400 tons. A paltry charge of assault was investi- gated at the Melbourne District Court, on Thursday. A Mr Taylor, of St. Kilda, sum- moned Mr Wm. Turner, assistant manager of the Commercial Bank, for assaulting him, and Mr Turner issued a cross-summons. .It appeared that Mr Taylor entered the bank and endeavored to force his way to the general manager's room, seizing Mr Turner by the coat and attempting to drag him down the stairs, when he interfered to prevent him. The Bench dismissed both cases. Some residents of Kiora interviewed the Minister of Lands on Thursday, with re- spect to the establishment in their district of a Governmental Test Farm. The result has been kept private. Owing to the immense bush-fires which are raging in the ranges between Dromana and Melbourne, the telegraph line has been interrupted, and the Tasmanian telegrams on Thursday night had to be brought on from Dromana by the steamer Williams. The cricket match, All England v. Twenty two of Wellington, has terminated in- a crushing defeat for the latter. In their first innings the Twenty-two made 31 runs, and in their second (playing with 18' men) 3S runs. The Englishmen scored 190 in one innings," and thus won the match by an innings and 121 runs. In the second innings of the Wellington team, Lilly white took 13.wickets for 22 runs, and HiR 4 wickets for 14 runs. Heavy rains have fallen in New Zealand during the last few days, and the crops liave been extensively damaged. At the usual weekly meeting of the Coun cil of the National Reform League, held in Melbourne on Thursday night, the Secre- | tary reported that he had been in communi cation with all the constituencies, and that I the tone of public opinion, as expressed in | his correspondence, indicated the signal de feat of the M'Culloch party at the approach ing election. Final arrangements had been, tnade for the meeting in the Princess Theatre on the 19 th inst. Mr Knaggs would preside, and the meeting would be addressed by the Hon. Graham Berry, and Messrs Dow, Robertson, Harris, and others. The Loch Tay has brought 150 tons of refining machinery for the Rosstown Sugar Works, being the first to arrive of four, ship ments now afloat. The machinery has been constructed by J, and R. Houston, of Gree nock, who have made the manufacture of sugar machinery a special feature. An able seaman, named M'Carthy, be longing to the ship Hankow, which has just arrived from London, was sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment, at the Sandridge Police' Court, on Thursday, for assaulting the second mate of that vessel. It appeared that he refused to turn out with his "watch" when called, alleging that he was sick, and assaulted both the second and third mates when they endeavored to force him out. He was then put in irons and imprisoned, but | as he persisted in creating a noise Captain Symington flogged him with a cane and had I Iiimgagged. He sued the captain for assault, and the Bench inflicted a penalty of £5, with £2 2a costs,' informing the captain that, although he had the power to imprison the man, the flogging was an unjustifiable act. Entriesforthe Ballarat Swimming Matches, which take place next Saturday, ■ close this afternoon. . The following candidates for the vacant seats in the Wining Board, for the several divisions in the mining district of Ballarat, have been nominated :—Ballarat Division Messrs P. Conway, Joseph Gundry, and N. Kent Buninyong Division—Messrs W. Graham and J. Magor. Smythe's Creek Division—Messrs T. Gribble, W. D. Hey wood, M. M'Inerney, andT. W. Scott. Steig litz Division—Messrs W. R. Cooper, J. T. Elford, arid H. Elmslie. Only one member has to be elected for each division, and the election takes place on the 24th instant. Full particulars with respect to the polling places will be found in. our advertising columns. The annual distribution of prizes to the children attending the Sabbath School in connection with St. Paul's Church takes place to-morrow. afternoon, at three o'clock, in the church. The teachers of the school have provided the prizes, and they will be presented to the children1 by the Kev. Mr Short, who will also deliver an address on the occasion. We have been requested to intimate that parents and" friends of the children are invited to attend. The Kev. T". M'Kenzie Fraser will resume his - fortnightly lectures in the High Church, Gheringhap-sijreet, to-morrow, evening, at seven o'clock. The Kev. George Slade will deliver a sermon, to-morrow evening, on the death of the Rev. James Martin. - - The Rriy. Mr Gosman,'of St. Kilda, will preach in the MfKiliop-street Congrega tional Chkrch, to-morrow morning. It will he noticed by our advertising columns that the Indian and Persian Polo players will give two exhibitions of their skill in the Agricultural Show'Yards on the 20th and 21st instants. Mrs W. Carl Fischer will he at home on Monday, the I2th instant, from ten a.m. to six p.m., to.enrol pupils. Classes re-assemhle on Tuesday, the 13th instant, j We have received from Messrs Gordon and Gotch their Hand-book for 1S77. This work has not been published for many years, and the issue for this year excels its predecessor! the information it contains being more copious than ever. _ Iu consequence of the pressure of adver tisements, the report of yesterday's meeting of the Town Council appears on the fourth page. Mr Brazier writes to us from Drysdale, denying that a man created a disturbance in his shop. The Antral Advertiser notes that the Salt Lakes at Boloke, which have not been dry for the last five years, are now sufficiently low to permit of salt being gathered. In a Government Gazette issued on Thurs day evening, it is notified that Dr. Barker will act as Health-officer for the port of Port Phillip during the illness of Dr. Williams; and that Mr C. E. Stntt, P.M., has been appointed visiting Justice to the Pentridge penal establishment. " According to the Age, the Stevenson ctn broglio is at last on the eve of a settle ment. The 28th inst. will be the' first day of the Civil Sittings before Easter, and as 12 days' notice of trial must be given, the firm, if they intend to proceed against the Crown, as they have threatened, must take action on or before the I6th inst. On the last occasion the firm held back their pleadings until the last moment, and the Crown, con sequently, were unable to proceed in the ^actions ; but this time.everything is in readi ness, and a large array of evidence is at the disposal of the authorities. Immediately Messrs Stevenson's solicitors give notice of action, the Crown will make application for thq appointment of a Commission to take evidence in England. Messrs Stevenson have elected, it seems, to rest the final issue on two side charges—one against the Post master-General, for illegally detaining cer tain letters belonging to the firm ; and one against Mr H. M. Guthrie, for alleged slan der—instead of selecting the main question, and charging Air Guthrie with illegally breaking into their warehouse and taking goods therefrom, without being in possession fl of sufficient evidence to prove that these $ goods were uncustomed. jjj^$ 