R E C O L L E C T I O N S OF A S E P T U A G E N A R I A N . OLD COLOHTAL WEATHER. | There can be no doubt that the occupation of an ancient and extensive desert by civilized man modifies the climate of the locality and renders it better adapted for the requirements of his race. I think the settled districts of South Australia aijford unequivocal evidence of this fact. Apiong the visible agencies producing these results, two of the more obvious and effective, although not perhaps acting in unison, are clearing away of timber and cultivation of the soil. Those who in the edrly days of the colony saw storms of rain descending with almost tropical violence on the smooth and hard baked plains of Adelaide and instantly rushing off as from a metallic surface, flooding in their way gutters, creeks, and rivers, can e fully estimate the contrast presented at the present lime. Now hundreds of . miles north, south, and east of Adelaide have been penetrated by the plough or spiade, and consequently temporarily detain the rain, part of which subsequently filtrates to the nearest watercourse, -while the remainder is either t absolved by vegetation or evaporates into the atmosphere. . These and other processes consequent oni our settling here have, as old colonists agree, considerably modified our weather. My present business, however, is with that and kindred phenomena as we found them on arrival in the colony. That the climate is I not of a deadly nature I personally furnish an instance. I have redded almost constantly for mpre than 38 years in South Australia. My occupations Jiave been chiefly carried on.; in the open air, and the noontide hours have always been included in e my working period, yet never . was. I . • detained from tmainesa by weather of any kiQd, except on' one remarkable day, to j which I will presently allude more ly" particularly. I nave been for wpeka together, sometimes for months, in the remote bush, and have.theu alike through wdt weather and dry slept frequently under a tarpaulin, a blanket, wallaby skins, and sometimes the open sky, mj copch on such occasions having generally been the green pward or the waver' levelled sand of tie sea-beach, yet I neiver <suBtvaed diminutioii of heUth in ; Undoubtedly our midday summer heat | lis occasionally excessive, and in an ! occasional season like, the last, the firstof ! its kind which I have experienced, aided by increased exhalations, rendered the i atmosphere oppressive and for a time unwholesome. In the early days of Adelaide the intense heat of solar rays reflected from a bare dry surface was trying to European constitutions, but only produced momentary inconvenience and was rarely the occasion of injury. Instances of coup-de-soleil were, as th now. are, less frequent than might have been anticipated, and were in most cases attributable to carelessness.. Yet most of e ithe business arrangements which occasioned -the congregating of iiumbers took place at or about noon. It wap often iauggested that in the summer season a cessation of business for-'two .or three; e hours in .the. middle of the day should take place, but the suggestion was never jacted on—a elear proef that its necessity !has never made itself imperatively felt. gs . I have said that there was one day on which I absented myself from business by constraint of weather; that was " Black Thursday," the 5th of February, 1861, a day without parallel even in this hemi- ; sphere. I resided then at the foot of the mils, between three and four miles from Adelaide. My horse-was saddled at the usual hour, and I had ridden a few hundred yards from my gate, when the animal recoiled from a blast which resembled the combined and concentrated yapour issuing fromathousandbrick-kilns. I returned him to the stable, leaving the saddle on, for I thought that tempest, would soon relieve the. atmosphere bf its sulphurous burden ; but as the day .Wore on the sky bccame denser'and and darker, the. air hotter and more noxious. Feeling , certain that, for once, business in laide would be suspended, I liberated the horse from, bis _ saddle^ left Mm to luxuriate in a' cool' stable, on new - hay and • fresh- drawn ' well-water, and kept; down my own temperature by frequent and copious .sprinkling of rooms and verandah with, ioold water, and the ipersonal imbibition .of cupB of hot liquids. That day fruits of all kinds then in season were literally roasted on the trees, having the exact-flavour of.,fruit long submitted to the action of fire. Leaves of trees and bushes and the upper portions of vegetables were so thoroughly calcined that.a mere touch reduced them to'powder. - The whole of Australia appears to liave been subjected to the inclemency of that unearthly day, and it assumed much ' w greater severity in Victoria and New South Wales than in South Australia. "When engaged in gold-digging in the adjoining colony in 1852 several Victorian settlers, for the - time similarly engaged, narrated to me extraordinary scenes which they had witnessed in the uncultivated districts of that colony on Black Thursday. Enormous bush-fires were burning in every direction, sheep and cattle were roasted alive, and several human lives were sacrificed. In some instances, while one fire was rushing and roaring along another conflagration would . burst forth a few miles ahead, as if the eager demon of fire had vaulted unseen over the intervening space. It is a curious fact, to which I can personally bear testimony, that the aboriginals of Victoria uniformly attributed the origin of gold to Black Thursday; which immediately preceded its discovery. I have heard many of them insist on the fact with great earnestness. This :ia almostproof that they were not acquainted with the existence of the precious metal until its discovery by Europeans. Corroboration of this assumption is afforded by the absence of gold from among 1 substances which previously they were accustomed to employ for use or ornament. I used, while working at the.gold-diggings, to consider the latter a remarkable fact, taking into account the rich colour of the metal and its prevalence at the time of which I write. Of course natives could not be expected to unearth it, or, if they did, to distinguish it from accompanying earth or stone; but when I was there I found spots on the surface where after rain small golden beads glistened in the sunshine sufficiently to attract abservation. On such occasions I have in a few hours scraped togetherwith my pocket-knife as many minute nuggets from among the blades of grass as would fill a dessert-spoon. These varied in size from the dimensions of sparrow to. swan shot. It struck me as strange that none of these pretty little beads were ever impressed into the service of lubra or piccaninny. •We used to have extremely cold as well as extremely hot weather in Adelaide, and I am inclined to think that the. alternation of extremes was more marked and -sudden then than latterly. Ice in the streets was not an uncommon spectacle. Frozen gutters we witnessed last winter, but the ice was less massive and more evanescent than formerly. There was also a slight fall of snow, which from its rarity excited great curiosity. Once, and but once, I witnessed a snowstorm here worthy of England. I think it must have occurred in: the winter of 1840, but have no means of referring to the correct date. I was at that time editing a newspaper, which was printed at the northern side of South Adelaide, while my residence was at the southern extremity. The sun had not risen when I left the office.. A little sleet was falling, by no means an uncommon occurrence, while hailstorms of extreme violence were, frequent, and sometimes inflicted much damage on buildings and gardens. In a few minutes the sky grew; much darker, and a heavy fall of snow commenced—real feathery snow—in flakes asjlaige as sixpences and shillings floating gradually down , and accumulating "where they fell. Bf the time I reached home , the ground, trees, roofs of houses, mid all: other inert objects were clad in an uniform of! glistening white. Not a bush nor flojwer displaying its own colours was visible in my 'gardjen, and I cast "heavy flepces from my outer garments as I discarded them. Many a game at snowballs I flayed next day with boys, aome vof them older than myself, originators of the cojony, whom I will jnot tiame in;cpnxte$< ti<m with such rnstimeb Snow m Wge patches remained visible in the^towiqahip for days, and the Mpunt Iiofty range of hills presented a strange picturesque appearance. Gn riding, <eveQ three wewts a^er, In the n<ri$rt>ou&i;>bd of Mount' B4rkerf lMtrtdassoi Of su>« Qcmape-; rahle depth still lying in gullies and other ! sheltered spots, whither, no doubt, they : had been drifted. That such a fall is of , very rare occurrence was proved by the testimony of nati/ee. The young had never beheld such a scene, the irnddlejaged had heard of, and the most anti- ; quated patriarchs had witnessed something •like it. ^ ^ One of the phenomena, probably elee- ' trical, that used to startle new arrival* was ; the whirling dust-colilmn. Multitudinous j lines of buildings had not. then been ey erected to curtail the free exercise of their jgambols in Adelaide. Some of these columns traversed miles before dissolution, |were of extreme height, and possessed of jsuch mechanical'ibroe that while spinning along they would catch into their vortex iand raise^ fropi the ground straw, .rags, papers., sticks,' apd aU-such" imccoisidered. trifles. J . I' once' saw moderately-aized account-books ami an empty cashbos thus jexalted to a very respectable distance ifrom the' ground. One. . day I was standing in front of our little wooden Court-House in conversation, with jMr. Charles , Mann, when' ft tall jcolumn went rushing and roaring past us, increasing its hulk at every yard of progress. We estimated its height at a: mile. When it had proceeded onward about a quarter of a mile it stopped suddenly, expanded its substance laterally to. about twenty times its travelling breadth, when a new compact column darted . up in its centre, atnd resuming the journeyileft the discarded atoms" behind-it,like, tie cast skin. of an enormous serpent. : One remarkable characteristic of these dust- Whirls is ' - that -when' they have free course, for their progress the surrounchng atmosphere ia breathlessly still. In 184Q I was taken into Custody, by one . on, North-terra oe, which; was a favourite resort :of these pirouettera.' I had juBt descended - the steps the ^ank: of. : Soiith Australia, when I foirnd inyself in the embrace'^ a massive piliar travelling: with great velocity. It screwed hie half way rounds and imparted to . me the sensation of being about to ascend into the'air, winch eixaltation, however, X ^scaped. When released from the hug of my dusty friend, I brushed from my-face a considerable quantity of'/his discarded substance, -and beheld near'. me three ladies .of my acquaintance, who were clad in. white garments these tad been lieft urispileii by the, uncleanly monster which had <bhosen his path cloae to, them. I regret to add they , were heartless enough to laugh loudlyat my involuntary "Jim- Crow" action,-' and- : at my subsequent , resemblance to an obsolete statue in some T neglected shrine, VV .'' - I Another phenomenon . which I ^ often ofbseryed, andwhichoocyrrodonly whenthe ajtmoephere was motionless, was the' sudden snapping and falling of- trees apparently spund, and 6bme of them of gigantic size. The crash which ensued amid surrounding sjlence was peculiarly - emphatic. ; Occasionally this apparently preternatural stillness was suddenly broken by a sort of sirocco, which exercised its fuiy for a few minutes and then left all wound motionless and silent as before f but. not, when forcing its way through woodlands,, until it had torn off sturdy, branches, and even uprooted massive trees. One afternoon, on my return from Adelaide towards my then residence at the foot of the Mount Iwfty range of hills, I tad nearly Pjassed through the forest, which is now called Norwood, when behind me I heard a) din composed of roaring, hissing, crackling, and other contending sounds. -The Wind-fiend was half-a-mile to rearward, : bint approaching direct towards , ina. The atmosphere was perfectly calm and oppressively heavy. All trees near me seemed asleep; not a leaf was moving. The advancing atmospheric^ wavb made itself terribly.'apparent by flyingbranches,, tall trees swayed and bent like twigs, and an attendant cloud o£ sticks, bark, leaves, and dust. I put" my mare to her speed for a few seconds, but finding flight vain I dismounted and chose as sfatndingground the clearest spot close at hand, by which time ' the progressive but momentary chaos had reached me. My steed snapped her bridle and galloped om I lost my hat, endured a few smart cats from small substances driven with violence against me, and then all was c4lm and peaceful as before. The remainder of my journey horns was in the wiake of the aerial demon, which had done no mischief beyond impairing the symmetry of several gum-trees, but, on the other hand, had ingratiated himself with the thrifty housewives by providing abundance of firewoodwithout the intervention of axe or saw. At my own door lajy an enormous and sound branch of a gum-tree which tad the appearance of having been twisted ofE j On leaving England I anticipated witnessing tempest in more terrific forms than it assumes here; but, although I h^ve seen thunderstorms in- all parts of this colony, amid the hills and on the plains, I have never, either recently or in the olden time of the colony, witnessed oAe to equal in sublimity some which many years ago I beheld in England. The caihn tieauties of moonlight and starlight our sky is eminently ^ fittedto exhibit, being generally quite transparent, although occasionally it is more obscured than it formerly .was by vapour. I used frequently to see lunar rainbow^ both tingle and double, some of them possessing great beauty. I httfe not witnessed any lately, perhaps because I was not lpoking for them. kxoiHBB Mxksteel Cokpaict.—The United States Minstrels will oOeu for a season at White's Booms on Saturday, Stay 4. Among the performers we notice the pamee of 'T. H. Bainford and B. V. Kohler.'; The latter will be remembered for his performances many years on the cornet, fiagpolet,and harmonicon. 'hh Voltjmtebes.—We understand, that a rejiew of the Volunteer Force will take place onjthe forenoon of the Qoeeafe Birthday. Naw Wnmm Dbasbbt am>. BaaoTde Clothiwg. —Cash Purchasers are rciqpested to the Stock of the undersigned before purelMwtaer*-the veijr.bttt' value for mooey. err l»5ge Stock-of flint- rtMiXareadsand CotUao one of JAa best, TiUon. in the oolong on the' dIms.-- idl goods wananted Sbrunk, and jMxfWt guaranteed: Note AddiBW—T. Xdrima**, ttL kdk*afaEMt, seutr bppocit* tte-Stodc 3dU; aad hton-fctrace, Gltueifc oypqstte iCa. jRmtfiowt. '•iti'. i , .- ••Z'.immr:- ¥ Wt^m, SifownKk-T-Tbat I WjSSbStA&ifi;, qiMgow We ire IwqQ^l ta BUOi to ttae" ** ' bM'AiiuSl ijOrnvn iappear ia anothsr'otf.UBDai 