WATER CO MM I SSI ON. Friday, 18Lh Jakcaby. Present — The chairman, and Crs Lewis Cl&xton;, Wilson, PhQlips, Morrison. Turpis, T. Williams, J. H. Williams, D. Brophy. Robertson, Dnnti, Scott, Legeo.and Gray. CorrektuNbnck. — From Mr Joseph Dawson, Little Btndigo, stating tlrat hp was prepared to ad vance the turn of £50, w.rhout interwit, for labor, if water were laid on to that locality at once- Referred to the works committee for report — From Mr J. Olemow and twenty -five other residents, of Rabioon and Talbot streets, requesting the water- pipes to bo laid down in those streets. Referred to works committee for report — From Mr J. H. Harris, solicitor, on bihalf of Ah How, a Chinese storekeeper, at Golden Poiut, residing in proximity tn the Chinese camp, requesting that he might have a private hydrant for instant use, in case of fire in the camp, which is built cf very inflammable material. Referred to the works committee, with power to great the application. From the Ballarat Anglers' Association, asking per mission fr the members to fish in the commission's reservoirs. Referred to works committee for report — From Mrs Florence M'Carty and residents at Brown Hill, reqnas;iug that the water belaid onto their pre- luLoa. Referred io woiks committee for report. — From Mr R. M- Gale, stating thit as a redaction of the official stsff wa « ic contemplation, ho would deem it a favor if a tGS-imonial acknowledging his loog services were granted to liim. Granted ; and the seal of the cornmissioD ordered to lie attached. Chairman's IlvroiiT.— i-n tbe lOtli and 17th in stant he hid waited on fh ho ? the Treasurer and MinieU-r of Mines rex? cling tho £5000 bakuce due the c.iminis.-iou. Hie Ministers admitted the reasonableness of the reqoe-i. but stated that difficulties then existed. T!»e wh-Io am rant, however, had bjw boen paid bv cheque frm the Treasu--y. And had that day l>«n lodged to the credit of ihe commission ia the London Chartered Bank. Ballarat Fast. The report concluded with ac knowledging the courtesy o! the Ministers. Tho re port was adopted; and "on the morion of Cr fc'cott, wconcted by Cr Claxtou, a vote of thanks was unani mously passed to Alajor Smith for his exertions in tho matter. A ami ar compliment was also p»id to tho chairman for his services. A discussion took place on the advisibiliy of reading a leber received from the manager of the Commercial Bank of Australia with respect to the action of the cnb -committee in withdrawing the aococot from that bank Or Tnrpie said that oopiaa had beeu sent to each member of tho commission, and insiated upon the o rrespotdence being read. The chairman intimated that the lettor had been sent to his private reridenoe, and was not properly addressed, bnt it Lad been filed in the office. Cr Robertson thought it would ba un- advisabte to have the tetter read, as it wunld lead tn no good. The secretary afterwards read ihe minutes of & committee of the whole, at which Cr Turpie liad said that it would be advisable to change the aocouut; but Or Wilson had said he did not DiirAr the Commer cial Bank liad been offered sufficient security. Cr ilson now said that it was threo months since the committee had been appointed, and no report had jbI been presented. If this had b«m done, there would hare cot been any trouble The chairman was about to read the minutes ol tLe committee on 10th Decem ber, bnt Cr Robertson protested against this being done, unless the committee brought up R report, and it would only lead to unpleasant things being said, and interfere with the privacy of committees. Cr Morrison thought the Commercial Bank bid been most unfairly dealt with, and tbe ac count had beeu withdrawn in a most surreptitious , manner. Cr ficoX said a report had b en presented ' to the commission. Cr Morrison said, crither he nor other ocrcnmisidoners remrmb:r»»d &nch; a report being before them He wanted to know whetbrr the business was to be conducted by «l»rAfr commissioners, or eighteen. Or Scott said tbe committee had been appointed with power. Or Mor rison — "But not with power to change tbe halving account." The chairman then read tbe mhretea of the committee, fibowing that the committee had aotboiind himself and Cr fioott to change tbe account frmi the Oammarcaal Bank if necessary. Or Robert sod -again protested against the minutes of one meeting alone being read. Or Wilson than moved — " That the com mittee be requested to bring up a progress report as boon as passible." Or Brophy seconded the motion. The chairman said he would like to make an explanation, if at liberty to do so, and would shew that the letter from Mr Hamilton, llie manager of the bank, was fail of misstatements. Cr llomaon supported Cr Wilson's motion. Cr Gray thought there waa some misunderstanding in the matter, and explained ihe -oircnnistanceH under which the account had been changed. Cr Uaxton said if he had been al the meeting he perhaps would not have been clearer on the poiut with refarenoe to the power of the committee to change the account, and did not believe it had that power. After some further discus sion, Cr Wilson's motion was carried, with the proviso that the minutes relative to the appointment of the ; cr.mmittee be prodcoed. CoLLtcroK'6 UnroRT. — The amount received dur ing the month was £379 17e '2d. Trie consumption of water by minirg companies was 10,556,000 gallonB. Received Fr> aVCE — The following -account.? were passed for payment:— Labor. £48 16s lid; wage. £8; labor on reserves. £ ;.0 12 .- ; l PPT Gong Gong par -fi beet .£17; laying new meius. lis Id; li. liawsiy" £22 6s 6d; Fhcvnix Foundry, £46 7k; RetaJlack. £54 10s; H liing. £11 13 lid; Campbell, I'awsey, aod Co., £1 IRs lOd ; T. Tavlor. £2 12-; ilortimsr. £2 4r J M-Fwau, £5000; D. Kitts, £L0; livan, £-5 2s Gd ; Nolan. i\ff, and Co., £4 4k .0i;" R M'Robiii- 6«-n. £2 3-z J. O'Hehir, £2 2e €d; The GrnrL-r, £3 10s Cd ; Gas Company, £1 15. lOd ; T. Brudenell, Iob; J. Mortim«7r, £l 7b 6d: daputalion expeute?, £7I6s; ras, 1 nngareoEhire, £1844b 'J be committee also reoommendixl that a promissorv note , for £->CO0. bearing bitk interest, be given to Meisrfi' M'Vwan and Co.. under fed of the commission. Tbe latter recommendation waa jalso Adopted ; a motion by Or Brophy. that the matter be considered in com mittee, beiog lost. Engineer's Rbpoht. — 1. Referred to the water raservofi, and the voike tlier&on.; Bush- fires had oc curred on the reserve, but little damage had beeu doue. Adopted. — 2. The depth cf water in the re servoirs was Afi follows: — Beale'e, 5 feet ; Pincott'6, 7 feet 2 inches ; Kirk'e, 32 feet 9 inches ; Gong Gong, 6247 feet. The springe on the upper reserves were almat dry, and but li tie water from this source found ite way to tbe reservoirs. Adopted. — 3\. During the formight 202 feet of pipe- had been laid and six new fiervicce attached. Adopted — 1 Referred to the progress of laying the new main, which would be completed about the end of the , i-onth Adopted- — Cr Lewis drew attention to the fire near Bentleys, which had been caused by boye ehootirur on the reserves and naing paper wadding, bnt no AcLion was taken — Cr Turpie drew attention to the bad e'ate of the wattr from tbe mains, and tbe engineer stated it was owing to the water remaining siaguant in the new pipes for noarlj- four wt-eks, but when the 9 inch main was open to tbe swamp, a general scouring would take place, and the water would be as good as ever. Cr Wilson asked whether the water in the Gong Gong was as pare as Kirk's. The engineer replied thai the water from the Gong Gong was better and purer than from the other dams ; but in a few weeks, when the connection was complete, there wonld be no cause for complaint Cr Wilson Was glad to bear this, because an erroneooe impression gone abroad. Or Lewis called attention to tbe waste of water going en in the city, and asked if the iaBpectirs were doing their duty, as during some days he had seen streams issuing from premises in Bturt street Cr Morrison then asked if the reply received to the engineer's letter to Messrs Young and M'Guigan's final certificate was Balis factory. The chairman e ated that no reply had ei been received. Petition. — Cr T. Williams present© 1 a petion from twelve reaidente in Bond street, drawing attention to the injustice ibey had received by the commission 1 i&ving; neglected to lay water-pipes in that locality. Cr Williams added that the residents were prepared to dig the trench, if the commission would provide the pipes. Referred to the works committee lor report. — Cr T. Williams also presented a similar peti tion from residents in Joseph streoL Ft f erred tj the works committee and engineer for report Genkkal Business. — Or Bcctt moved — "That the works committee bring up a report on the future management of the worts." tir Morrison seconded the motion, which was carried. Or Wilson brought under tho notice ol the commission the principle upon which the water inspectors performed their dQtiea He himself had let his own garden go to waste for . want of water; but this course was not followed by some partieE, who allowed the wa'er to run through their hoses all night Seme persons who used the water only moderately were harassed by the inspec tors, while others wore never interfered with. He would suggest that personB bo allowed to water their gardens three nights a week. The chairman ' ruled ihe -motion out of order, and Cr Wilson thou hoped the inspectors wonld be dismissed all gether. CrOIaxton supported Cr Wile on 'fi remarks, bnt sug gested that the chairman give the inspectors instrnc- tions in the mailer, Cr Bropby suggested that those persons who were.jn the bab't of watting watar should fee competed to use meters, and pay for what thoy wasted. (Hear, bear) After a few remarks by Or Gray the motion was carried. On the motion of Or Scott, ii was resolved that ilia works 'committee report on the advisability of fencing the Gong Gong reserves. The commirsion then adjourned 