NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEY, February 3. — The western country along the railway route presents a deplorable appearance. The grass is parched, the creeks are dry, bushfires are raging, and the cattle are starving. On Tuesday next, Mr. Greenwood, M.L.A., will move that a mea- sure should be introduced by the Government pro- viding for the compulsory attendance at the State schools of children between the ages of six and fifteen, and the abolition of school fees in such cases. The Stad Amsterdam, s., has sailed for London with 2,286 bales of wool, 3,701 ingots of tin, and 4,923 ingots of copper, besides sundries. February 3..— The eclipse of the sun yesterday was imperfectly seen, owing to the watery state of the atmosphere, and a partially clouded sky. 'I'he Italian man-of-war, Christopher Columbus, arrived from China to-day. February 4.— The third shipment of exhibits for Paris will be made this month. At an inquest on the body of a volunteer artilleryman, killed on Saturday last at the commandant's parade by falling from a gun carriage, and the wheel passing over his neck, a verdict of accidental death was returned, with a rider added that the carriage was not provided with the necessary guard-irons and straps, and that the same should be provided. February 5.— At a meeting of the Working Men's Defence Association, held last night, the usual anti- immigration discussion took place, several of the speakers expressing themselves strongly in favour of Mr. Berry's conduct in the present crisis in Victoria. The Inspectors of the Council of Education have found a number of children who are not in attend ance at any school, although they have been given free certificates of admission. A considerable num- ber not attending allege that they have no suitable clothing, and it is suggested, to meet such cases, that an extensive ragged school system is necessary, or the formation of some organisation to provide cloth- ing. Latest advices from Fiji state that. Governor Gordon will shortly visit Sydney, returning about the month of May. His Excellency is now making an official visit to Samoa. February 6— At the annual meeting of the Cham- ber of Commerce, yesterday, the chairman (Captain Smith) in moving the adoption of the committee's report, referred to the advisableness of establishing a Customs Union between New South Wales, South Australia, and Queensland, and said he saw very few difficulties in the way of realising so desirable an object. During the last twenty-four hours over seven and a-half inches of rain has fallen in Sydney. While the storm was at its height, last night, a woman fell into a flooded creek at Paddington, and was drowned. February 7.— The weather is still wet, with occa- sional light showers. During the past two days over ten inches of rain have fallen. Much damage has been done by the heavy rainfall in the city. At the sitting, this afternoon, the Legislative Assembly resumed the consideration of the Estimates. All the votes on account of military expenditure were passed. A supplement to the Gazette notifies that an Inter- national Exhibition will be held at Sydney in August, 1879. 