. CIROULAtHE AD ^ui 1?. .. (From our own.Carrespondent.) On,Sunday the.whole dstrict wasono vb???dj ihs mdk'b bush.fires iand the day was very -close, quit? ?-`'hot wiuid- as most unusual citrumstancofor Circular Eload.4~The light,air.came from all-round, theo compass?-EE." iii theomornii?,"W.; at midday, ?eto ' .El in' the evening. The smoke was so dense that it is believed i there mdfst ] have' beer extenslve fires acoross the Straits.- No accounts havo.yet beii'broight in an to' -diingeiaet'bhy; ft r? it: fenBee :aidd Drlips- are' sure to Informationwas received to-day-from. WOolnartlCthat the kithi' Paulind, bound" to-the;Pieman':River with explorers and stores, had, after being .off Sa fdyCap to run back for sholtor to Wooln6rth, and in doing so struck on a rook and injured her contre-board. At lastthoe lon. the Minister of Lands and Works has called for tenders to clear a road-between Table Cape and-Deten-: tion ; tenders to be received up to the 16th'inst. This is a move in the right direction, so that the settlers can have direct communication by vehicle. 't is the only link wanting to render the road complete to. Launcoston. . The settlers have been agitating for the opening of this road for a number of years. STherb hats boon no change in the Cir hular Head Marino Board for this year, the members being Moesrs. G. Anderson" .. T. Smith, A. Tatlow, F. V. W. Ford, and $. J. Emmett, Master Warden. SonooL Azis?vensAnY.-On Thursday, Jan 3rd, the observance of Christmas festivities at Circular Head reached its climax, and, let us hope, its fitting con Clusion in the celebration cf the Sunday~ School anniversary. For although, no ddoubt, much may justly be said in favor, of a series of jollifications at thiis sason yet the appetite for pleasuro begins to pall f over-fod,, oven at Christmas, and we roAlizo the force of the poet's aphorism-' If all the year were playing holidays to sport would be as tedious as to work.', And, after the old yeiar is dead a little whileo ta naturally forgot hini liko, any; i . other friend, and when the new year has safely survived the first days of its baby hood, the time for ?allooing over it passes by. Yet, within this shodrt period, we hpve had picnics, dinners, and drives-; cricket matches, school examinations; dramatic performances, athletic sports,' acrobatio manmouvres, and a religious oeercise I About 11 a.m. the Sunday School children assembled in force at the Church: of St. Paul, and, after singing sundry hymns, were marshalled under the leadership of the superintendent and Sunday School teachers, from the aisles of the church, through the ivy-covered porch, and down the winding main street of Stanley, to the silvery" Long Beach." Here discipline and order were remitted and a general scamper' of the juveniles took place along the sand towards the rendezvous. The. graver part''of the assembly took things a little more steadily, and some walking, others driving, the half-mile that separated the township from Borrodale's Paddock, whereo' the great events of the occasion were to come off, was soon passed. By degrees more people began to arrive, each coming drag and spring-cart from that terra encognita " the Forest" de posited its human load, and by these frequent increments a great concourse of all ages and sexes was gathered toether,, and at least 500 people, inoludiig children, were 'on the ground, the, cry beitig' still' "they, come, they 'come I" Presently began the real business. olthe day-the feeding-without: which (all mere outward preparations would have been superfluous' Tq?,g0ojlg Jalks were seated in' twoi lonso., masses-girlsahereg boys thoee-ron the.grass, ,wh er they.e, ceoved from fair hands the goodathingsl provided; of; wheich'diintidr~bll quantity soon disappeared, and the dishes containe ing mountains of sandwiches, tarts,,cakes, and cold, puddings, :which -appearedirat first needlessly imposing, soon, bore ;u mistakeable traces of 'a'aelege iandebt.a large attacking force. This primary duty safely discharged the : adults'" were waited on;, and their' .wants eiin. - plied with equal vigor' and despatch The scene in its general, features was strikingly Pretty and 'ffective, and here and there were. touches of life6biid ,hu morous odd groups and'little vistas, de serving the pencil of.the sketcher ian the photographer's .instantaneous art. ; The famous Stanley Band, forming a circle a little apart from the crowd in a shady nook, awoke'an echo 'irom its 28 brazen throats, which soon phange'!tho aspect bf aflairs, giving life'ind fresh vigor to the 'scene. ' The' day wore on in perfec't harmoiy' 'and" varied pleasre, until the shadidws began to'lengthbo from the hills and; the keener aiirsof,,vei?pg: induced afresh movement.pavilion.wards.: ," How every body got fed:no person exactly- knows, or where the pyramids' of sandwiches went to is not recorded ;but itt'i is a matter beyond question, that all;,ate 'and were satisfied," and stirabile :dilce tli'e utmobt harmony preivailed;' aid' tliosei'proverbial grumbler who are geherally to be found on thee , occasioiis ,were this time cofn spiduoiis by their 'absence. But there' is an end to all .things, and at. length thi last round was danced,;and the last sand wich demolished,' and' while theebeetles To wheel their droirsyllight under.the over-arching trees, 'horses and drags' idrd edlled' into requisitidl for the inevitable jouniey home.' But the feast will not rdadily.be forgdtten foransid'the change, bustle, and anxiety of life, a day of unmixed pleasudireo is so far a rarity as to be heartily 'wolcbmo, and we are, most of us, epicurean enough to 'enjoy it iheii It comes. And' lot us .hope that when every vehicle had safely, deposited 'its mixed cargo after the hearty excitement of the day,, a refreshing slooeep would be the only needful restbrativeb . ,i_. ,1 Jan. 7;. . ..: ... ?t.. -: ,,. i 