CO.LSER CZAL. GOTLBURN, Friday. Brsioess hos on the tw hole ben about up to average during the past wecek; and now that things have again get into their sccustomed channels we may look for an active general trade. The seather since our last has bean very hot and dry. Without doubt Wednesday, Thursday, nod Friday were the hottest days this eelson ; on the last two days hot winds were blowing making it extremely unpleasant, which together with hot nights have made the veei a trying one. The want of rain in this district is much felt, as grass is fast disappearing under the scorching rays of the sun. Bush-fires have been raging on some of the hills around town, the smoke from which has given a hazy aspect to the hills during the day. Between 7000 and 8000 bales of wool have arrived at Sydney during the present season in excess of the previous year's clip. During last nweek 27,977 Victorian sheep crossed into Lower Riverina at Msama, and 3500 crossed into Victoria. The wool sales in Sydney on Wednesday weore well attended, and active competition resulted. Prices were considerably firmer than at previous sales. 1600 bales were quitted under the hammer and privately at 15. to 18Sd. for fleece, 7~l. to 10ld. for greasy, 17d. to 19~d. for scoured. Tnere have been but fan sales of sheepskins in town this week. Those sold realised fair prices. In Sydney on Wednesday the demand for sheepskins was stronger, and all offered changed hands at from 31}d. to 7d. for unwashed, 8d. for washed. Hides do not appear to be coming forward in large quantities for sale by auction; but a good number are being bought privately by our local tan ners. The fea sold under the hammer realised up to 14/- each. Harvesting operations have been going on steadily, and the intense heat has made it necessary to push on the work of cutting wheat, the grain having become quite ripe in a very short time. During the past two weeks a large proportion of the wheat in this district has been got in; and in the course of another neek there will be little remaining in the field. Produce.-There has been a moderate amount of business done under this head during the past week. The market has varied bat little in regard to prices. To-day the rates obtained were as follows:-Best fresh batter is in fair supply and worth 101. per lb. Cheese has come in pretty freely and is a shade lower, 3d. to 4d. being the presePt rates. Bacen is not much inquired after, and 9d. per lb. is present value. Eggs have become somewhat scarce, and Sduring the past few days 1/- per dozen has been willingly paid. Barley is in better demand, and sales have been made at 4/- per bushel this week. Oats are also romewhat firmer-3/6 to 4/- per bushel has.been obtained. Hay has slightly advanced in value, owing partly to the fact of farmers being busily engaged getting in their other crops. Best oaten is now bringing from £3 to £4 per ton. In Sydney oaten hay h.a i been sold at £4 10/- to £5 10/- per ton; lucerne, £3 10/- to £4 per ton. Potatoes are somewhat scarce, and better prices have been obtained. New are very prime in quality, but not suficiently matured to keep for any length of time. There are a few old in the market, but the quality is such as to prevent their sale. In breadrtuiff there is nothing now to report, with the exception that business is very dull. At the Smills prices are -foe flour £16, second quality £15, per ton. There is hardly any wheat In the market at present; but we hear that some parcels of new are to arrive next week. The market value of this article at present is 5/6 per bushel. In Melbourne flour is quoted at £12 17/6 per too, wheat from 5/9 to 5/11 per bushel. From Adelaide we learn that the aleo is reported of a carot of about 70,000 buehels of wheat, to be delivered at Port Pirie anchorage for the United Kingdom, at 6/- per bushel. In the local market maize has advanced to 6/6 per bushel with a very bare market; while in Sydney there is a strong demand at prices ranging from 6/3 to 6/6 per bushel. The maize crop in the Grafton district is reported as looking well, notwithstanding the severity of the drought. The hay and corn business in Auburn-street known as Wiggins' has changed hands. Mr. William Lockard having purchased the same, will continue to carry on the business in the same premises. MErseS. FIn?.Y AND CO.'S RCPIRT: -Fat cattle: Market still firm. Prime cattle continue to improve steadily. Our sales have been 60 head bullooks on account of S. Gibson Esq., Kenmore; also through the yards a smalldraft of coae at £7 2/, and one pen killablo bullocks at £5 2/. A continuance of this weather will soon bring famine prices. We have also sold through our agents in Sydney a draft of prime cattle at full market quotations. Bollocks may be quoted up to £9.-Store cattle: We sold a small draft of bullocks at £2 15/. Prices nominal. Fat sheep: We sold a small flock of light weights at 8/; prima wethers are worth 10/- to lt/.-Stores: Inquiries principally for first-class wothera-worlh from G/- to 7/6. Ma. War. StaDs' RePort:-Fat cattle: A great many are being sent to Sydney, where the market is good, for prime aay 27/5 per hundred I have sold two drafts of bullocks for forward delivery, and by auction two pens of cows, middling quality, up to £2 5/. Felt sheep: The market is weaker in consequence of the number that is heing trucked to Homebush. I quote prime mothers from 10/6 to 11/; medium from 0/- to 9/6. I have put a flock of prime under offer. Store sheep: Good wethers of fatten int ages may be quoted at 7/; mixed ages, 5/9 to 6/6. I have a buyer for 1000 maiden owes.--Storo cattle : I sold 7 steers at £2 -/., 7 young ditto at £1 5/, 4 heifers at £2 1/. 7 youngdrlitto at £1 5/. 2 calves at 17/, 1 cow at £3 1/, 1 ditto at £2 1/, I springer at £4 10/.-Horses: I had several yarded; buyers being indifferent, a few only sold.-Pigs: Rather slack of salo.-Poultry : Very little brought to mar let.-Produce : I have consigned to Sydney 3 loads n?eray and washed fleece; sheopskins 61., 5id., and 4/d., Ehort-woolled 21.; pelts, neglected. Hides 36 at 14/1l. Tallow, 20/. MELBOURNE, Thursday. Mecars. It. loldabroogh and Co. teloegraph us na follows:-WoV offered 5600 bales and sold 4000 bales rool this weekr. Greasy at 7d. to 13}d.; latter forty ono bales fair aivraCe. Fleeco to 19it. No superior lots washed. Inferior sorts dull. SUTTON FOREST, Wednesday. MSr. A. A. Waldron submitled to auction at Cul len's Hotel, Mlosavale, on Saturday, 168 ncres, known as Allea'a farm, near tha Cross Roads. After a tedious competition it was knoclked down to Mr. W. Barooley for 18/3 per ncro; £70 worth of improvo ments are to be made within sir months and 15[/ per acro still doue to government.-Scrutineor. COOTAMIUNDRA, MIonday. An agreeablo change took placo in th temperature of the atmosphere in the early part of the weooek, a fosw days being quite cool as compared with the weather praviously and since. To all appcarance rain is far distant, which is rather to be regretted, as a few showera would prove beneficial. Notwithstnnding the dry nature of the growing season, the hbrvest will bo a satisfactory one in thois districts. The hay and the wheat crops will be gencrally profitable. Diliocultica have been oex perienced in obtaiinng labourers for tho harvest; and many of the farmers have determined to leave tbhem selvac as liltlt as poseiblo dependont upon manual labour in future by the purchasn of farming mt chinery. There has been a brisk trailio in shoop by rail from the Cootamundra station since Novembor last. 16,000 head was the number trucked up to thn d'ate of our last ios, and doring to wee the o l number has been increi'ed to 21,000. By lateast advics Irotm the Sydney market priesa are qunted as followo: Wetheca, 13/ ; ones, 10/G; 561b wethera being quoted .t 183/. The market honever showa a do. clinig, tandoncy, and tho supply is good. Messrs. Strongitharm and Mackenzio report having sold for Me,? rs. Mackonzio nod Archer 1057 owea to MoJers. T. and G. Bar3on, and having tracked 1403 sbeep for M,~ors. Davlin and Son,,and 1472 nothera for Merso. O'Shea sad Carroll. Herold. 