Country Correspondence. DALRYMPLE, Feb 28th. We have had a few light showers, but the weather continues dry. The farmers are taking every opportunity to get their stubble burnt. Last season very few were able to burn, and in consequence they had to harrow or rake it off before they could plough. A few have started ploughing. We have had an election for District Councillor in place of George Cousins, resigned. There were four candidates, and a good deal of excitement over it. Fifty-six ratepayers recorded their votes. .Mr. T. Wurm, Stansbury, was declared elected by a majority of nine votes. The contractors are pushing on with the new Government tank or reservoir at Stansbury. It will be a great boon to teamsters and others, when they have a good supply of water in it. Great satisfaction is expressed with the appropriation of the Peninsula Road Board for this part of the district. When the metalling of the road from .Minlaton to Stansbury is completed, there will be a vast amount of traffic on it. The Government School at Stansbury was opened last week. It will be a great benefit to the rising generation in that part of the district, as the nearest school is at Yorke Town, fourteen miles off. We want another now in the centre of the district. MAITLAND, March 5th. We had splendid rains last night, and the weather continues still threatening. Most of the dams in this locality are full, and a considerable quantity of water has been caught in the Government dam. This has unfortunately, I believe, no troughs, pump, or gateway giving access — matters that should be attended to. The rain will prove a great boon to the farmers, many of whom were terribly short of water. CURRAMULKA, March 4th. The heat has been intense during the last few days, and yesterday an enormous bush-fire was raging between here and Maitland, the black smoke clouds sometimes completely obscuring the sun. Another fire was blazing away to the southward, near Port Vincent, and a smaller one to the east. Altogether, Curramulka has had a fair share of bush-fires this season. We have hardly had any rain during this summer, with the exception of one showery day a couple of weeks ago, and the soil for fallowing purposes is therefore very hard. Still a great deal of land has and will be broken up before sowing. I notice your Port Pirie correspondent gives rather amusing accounts of some of the working men of Moonta looking for work (?) at that place—well I have seen some very similar in- stances. When living at Maitland some time ago, a couple of young men, supposed to be looking for work, asked me if I could give them a job. I replied that I had nothing particular for them to do, but offered them the job of throwing out a small tank at 30s per week each, if they found no work. One of them at once replied, " I'd sooner cut my d—d throat before I'd work for that.'' Not long ago I had a young fellow from Moonta on this farm. He started full work in a white shirt, really good tweed vest and coat, with trousers to match, and elastic-side boots. No change of clothes or even a blanket with him. Two days was enough—he left! No cards! Now, I do not mean to say for one moment that all, or even many — of the Moonta men are of the above type ; but I take it you have a fair share of rubbish. Water-carting, and paying for it, is the evil of the day ; and some of the farmers have stopped the plough, in favor of dam and tankmaking, hoping to store enough water this winter to enable them to tide over next summer, and thus do away with a heavy expense. PICHI RICHI, March 3. The greatest attraction, and that which engages most of the attention of the northern residents, is the Government Gums and Port Augusta Railway. This piece of work is progressing slowly, but surely. Plate-laying, I am in- formed, is to commence in about another month, as far as the Saltia, about 12 miles from the Port. This will enable the contractors to push on the building of the bridges, because they will then have the means of conveying their ironwork and rails by train, instead of having to wait for the ordinary teams. Most of the cut- tings are finished as far as Saltia, but from here to the Pass there is some very heavy cutting yet to be excavated. The Chinamen appear to be working very well ; in fact, by what I can see of them, they are just as good as the Englishmen. Their work is done well, and they are very industrious; their dealings are honest and straightforward Of course, there are a few exceptions; and where can you find a body of men who, without exception, are honest in all their dealings? I must confess, despite the rather disparaging opinion held of them by your Port Pirie correspondent, they are a first-rate lot of men ; and I only wish all who have anything to do on the railway works were equal to them in fair dealing. The weather has been, and still is, extremely hot. During the last two weeks it has threatened to rain, but nothing more than a few stray drops have fallen among the hills around us But of thunder and lightning we have had our full share. There is one thing which cheers us, instead of rain. In this respect we differ from the Moontaites ; that is, we have plenty of water in the wells along the creek in the Pass. But for all this, a good fall of rain would be acceptable, to bring on the feed for the cattle, as at present all the teamsters have to carry their horse-feed with them. The religious status of the inhabitants of this part of the North is at a very low ebb. There is no church nor chapel nearer than Port Augusta, a distance of 18 miles. MINLACOWIE, March 3. We had a few nice showers last week, and it is a great, pity it did not continue for a few hour's longer. The last few days the heat has been unbearable ; to-day the glass was up to 104 in the shade. The people in this part are all crying out for rain ; the farmers wish to start their ploughs now, as the most of them have burnt their stubble, and are waiting for rain ; some have already started the plough. I think the bulk of the wheat is already carted and shipped. There have been about 10,000 bags shipped at Port Minlacowie ; and there are about 3000 more to ship. The crops in this part have turned out a fair average, about from 7 to 10 bushels, with the exceptions of one or two who got very little more than their seed back. 