FUETHEE PAETICULAES. The picturesque little township of Hahndorf has escaped the ravages of the fire which has been threatening it for the last three days, but nianv of the farmers and settlers who live on its outskirts have had losses which are more or less severe in the shape of miles of fencing, tons of timber and bark, besides feed, such as_ it was. None of the sufferers can give a fair estimate of the damage, because it is not easy to determine the value of the peculiar property they have lost. Some of them say that every panel of fencing will cost three- shillings to replace ; and in one spot so rapid was the effect of the fire that seventeen panels were swept away in less than five minutes. The flames when the fire reached its height on January 30 were often seen to catch the high grass and dry leaves, sometimes coming along in a wall many feet high, keeping all hands on the qui vive to meet it, as it frequently happened that a sudden eddy of wind caused by the intense heat sent sparks like rifle-shots twenty or thirty yards ahead, igniting a fresh place where least expected. The hollow trees standing, red hot inside and out, acted like ' furnace chimneys, a strong draught through; them carrying sparks and burning cinders high ' in the still air to fall yards away. As night . approached, the spectacle was one of truly, awful grandeur. In spite of the strenuous1 exertions of those who had banded themselves j together to confine the fire within as narrow I limits as possible, the flames shot from tree to tree j with fearful rapidity, until it seemed as if the; destruction of Hahndorf were inevitable. There had been no business transacted in the township since midday. The mill suspended operations, the farm labourers deserted their ordinary work in order to assist in beating down the fire, and even the school children exhibited their willing ness to help by handing buckets of water to the; firemen. All entered into the spirit of the work with such zest, however, that by the time the sun had set the ignited scrub was pretty well got under, and the flames began to rage less and less fiercely. The danger to which the fire-beaters exposed themselves was frequently exemplified by the narrow escapes for life which were witnessed. Several times had the beaters barely time to get beyond the reach of danger when some towering tree would give way at the bottom of the trunk, and topple to the ground with a thundeiiike crash, scattering its burning branches in every direction. Fortunately, however, no accidents occurred, though some of the men were unable to avoid getting their clothes burnt, whilst a few others had their eyes severely inflamed and their whiskers singed. One little incident is worthy of being recorded, if only to illustrate the marvellous celerity with which the flames spread. A woman named Wiep, whose house is situated on the outskirts of the township, observed with considerable alarin that the fire was a few hundred yards distant from her property, towards which it was advancing in a long line. She rushed out of the house to ascertain the whereabouts of her children, and on her return a few moments afterwards the flames had nearly gained upon the premises, and a spark had been blown through an open window on to a table cloth, which was in a blaze. By means of the greatest efforts the flames were luckily extinf guisbed, and the house saved from destruction. On Thursday morning most of the flames were got under, relays cf men and youths having been up all night to prevent further outbreaks. Hahn dorf has special advantages for a bushfire to take hold of. It is a plentifully populated township about a mile in length composed of stone and wooden houses, many of them thatched and dry as tinder. In common with most townships of the kind in the hills it stands in the heart of the virgin forest, with here and there a clearing on its outskirts, but with tons upon tons of dead timber lying in some cases almost at the farmers' doors, and more often not 200 yards away acres of dead leaves and dry rank grass lie on every side. There is a treacherous element about bush fires that makes them doubly hazardous, as in the case of the late one at Hahndorf. After all danger has apparently passed and the fire put out it may remain harm less for a week or more till the people are lulled into false security, but suddenly some stump that has been secretly smouldering smokeless will burst into a blaze under a shift of wind, send its sparks flying into a tuft of grass, and in a few minutes the whole hill or gully is like a furnace. The gullies act like funnels, sending gusts of wind from unexpected points to help m the general mischief. Hahndorf had all these evils to contend against, and it was only the ex traordinary promptitude, courage, and endurance of the men who flocked to the scene to meet the common enemy that saved the place. The township looked quite deserted — even the children being out helping the beaters. Hahndorf has not been in such peril from fire for 20 or 30 years, and it naturally created ex citement The most extraordinary rumours were afloat as to the utter destruction, of the place, the loss of life, and other exaggerations. Frederiekstadt, which is another German town ship lying to the eastward of Hahndorf, would have fared worse if the fire bid ? ; I reached it, as fields of high grass and tons i of dry or rotten timber lie right in the track of the flames, and Borne of tie farmers say it would have been utterly impossible to stop them. The loss of the bark burnt is serious, as it will take several years to renew the supply, and it is valued at about £10 per ton, many of the settlers making good incomes out of the sales. An alarm was raised on the afternoon of Thursday that Grunthal, a township on the Woodside-road, was threatened ; but it turned out to be unfounded, the fire which caused the rumour being some distance behind it amongst the hills and in the scrub, where it was confined. Fires seemed to be all round. One had been burning on the gold reserve at Echunga ; another broke out near Crafers endangering Mr. W. Castle's property, in fact destroying some fruit trees and fencing, but it was put out before doing much mischief. The country near the tenth milepost on the Adelaide and Mount Barker road was also burnt to some extent, but prompt measures prevented the flames from spreading. On Mrs. Homersham's property, near the Eagle-on-the-Hill, the fire which swept the hills and gullies last week, and was thought to have been quenched, broke out again early on Thursday morning. Some labourers, however, saw it in time and stayed its progress. A fire was raging in the scrubby hills near the Greenhill-road, but from all accounts had not done much damage except to fencing and timber. There is every reason to believe that the worst of the bush fires is over, and on Thurs day night there were signs of a change in the weather. No reliable evidence of the origin of the bush fire which threatened Hahndorf has been obtained, but it is 6et down to unprin cipled persons, who wish to reap the benefit of the tons of charcoal which would accumulate all over its track. The fire along the range bordering the road from Adelaide to Echunga is attributed to a swagman's revenge for being refused work. Several mounted troopers have been sent to the various places visited by the fire, and are seeking evidence. 