Colonial & Intercolonial Messages HEW SOUTH WALES. I ABMIDALE, Wednesday.-About-100 farmers and others assembled at Mr. Gentle's farm, Saumarez Ponds, this morning, to witness the first trial in this district of M'Cormick's self-binding harvester. The paddock selected was not level, and had furrows in it, and portions of the wheat were too thin and short for any machine to catch ; but in every place where the crop was of medium height and thick- ness, it did the work splendidly, turning out the sheaves tightly bound and neat. All the specta- tors were fully satisfied, and unanimously pro- nounced the trial a great success. AiiBUBY, Thursday .-The weather for the past week has been warm, and the amount of smoke prevailing is a sure sign that bushfires are rife. -Ere this the electric wire has informed you of the warm reception given to the ever- victorious Australian cricketers, They arrived from Wagga at Coil's Globe Hotel on Saturday night. Sunday was spent leisurely viewing the beauties of the Australian Rhineland, and sipping the choicest productions from the vines with kindred spirits. On Monday there was a general holiday pro- claimed, and the Eleven repaired to our local ground, and gave us some specimens of their batting, bowling, &c;, the approval of onlookers being testified by those ringing cheers pecu- liar to the Anglo-Saxon race. About 2 o'clock a splendid collation was served at the Australian Hotel. Champagne and compliments vied with eachotherfor the mastery, after which the team were driven in one of Crawford and Connolly's large coaches, tooled by the inimitable George Carter, to see the wonders of Mr. Fallon's Murray Valley Vineyard, the evening closing with an amateur concert, in aid of the local cricket dub. Although hastily improvised, it only tended to show how blest we are with musical talent. On Monday the team left, amidst much hearty hand-shaking, by special train for Melbourne. Shades of my schooldays fondly rise up¿ and as they are lost in the dust raised by I the coaoh wheels/one cannot help thinking venividi, vi«.---Our principal hostelry (the Globe), which has won such a good reputation under Mr. Thomas Colls, changed hands this week, the delicate state of Mrs. Colls' health rendering the step necessary. Mr. Asherman, a Victorian, is the new proprietor. -Wool has passed through more freely, and har yest operations begin to get general.-At the «ale of local cattle, biddings were not very spirited, Edward Arthur Herbere has been before the police authorities charged with bigamy.-The Morder Pott is justly incensed against the borough council for obstructing the proper formation ot Smoliet street. , BROUGHTON CREEK, Monday.-The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a Presbyterian church, Kangaroo Valley, took place on Friday, the 6th instant, and was a great success. About 400 persons were present. The ceremony was per- formed by Mrs. Harper. BEGA, Saturday.-On the 30th March, 1874, a man named Frederick Berne, an old and respected resident, was drowned while crossing Frogi Hol- low Creek duringa heavy flood. Every effort was made to recover his body, and the river was re- peatedly dragged by search parties, but no trace of his body could then be found. Two years ago a hat was found four miles from the scene of the accident, and identified as Berne's. A large re- ward was offered for the recovery of the body, as a number of cheques and money, the proceeds of an auction sale he was returning from, were in his pocket-book. This morning Mr. Patrick M'Namara, while watering his horse at the river, over two miles from the creek junction, found a boat with the bone of a foot inside. The boot is identified by many, besides the bookmaker, who made it, as belonging to the deceased. The police, with Mr. M'Namara, have proceeded to the spot to institute a vigorous search for further remains. The weather keeps warm and dry. Bain threatens constantly, but blows off. BATOTJBST, Saturday.-At the inquest held to day on the hospital fire a verdict was returned i that the fire resulted from accident. The building 'was uninsured.-In the cricket match played to-day between Bathurst and Orange, the former won in one innings. BATHUBST, Monday.-The mail and passenger train, which should have arrived here at 5.27, was three hours late, owing to the breakdown of the goods train between Wallerawang and Bowenfels. -A thunderstorm, succeeded by a strong wind and a heavy shower of rain, passed over the city tj-day. During the storm the roof of the stable at the Boyal Hotel was lifted bodily by a whirl- wind. BATHUBST, Wednesday.-Another meeting was held to-night, at the School of Arts, in reference io the strike, and ' was largely attended. Messrs. William Collins and Joseph Wright, delegates from the Seamen's Union, were present, and gave a statement of what occurred be- tween the A.S.N. Company and the seamen. The first and principal resolution, moved by Mr. John Boyd, and seconded by Mr. James Kellaher, was passed, stating that the action taken by the seamen was the only decisive step they could have taken, and expressing the sympathy of the meeting and giving a pledge to assist the seamen by every legitimate means to bring the present struggle to a satisfactory issue. Several persons addressed the meeting, and subscription lists were opened and a committee appointed to manage local affairs. The meeting was orderly and well conducted. CARCOAR, Saturday.-A handsome address and testimonial were presented to Mr. L. E. Isaacs last night. The police magistrate made the pre- sentation, and all the influential residents of the town were present. CARCOAR, Thursday.-A heavy thunderstorm, with copious rain, lasting several hours, passed over here yesterday. The lightning killed a valu- able mare in Coombing Paddock, the property of Charles Young. The rain will do much good. To-day is cool, with every appearance of more rain. CASILLIS, Friday.-The bridge which spans the Munmurra at Casillis was opened for public traffic, It was christened the M'Elhone Bridge, by Mrs. Meredith Parker, and prosperity to the district was drunk in bumpers of champagne. Loud cheers were given for Mr. M'Elhone, M.L.A., and for Mr. Ahearne, the contractor, who provided the refreshments. There were sports and amuse- ments of various kinds in the afternoon, and a grand ball in the evening. There was a splendid band provided for the dancers, and dancing was kept up till daylight this morning. The town is I full nf visitors. COONAMBLE, Wednesday.-The weather is very dry. The average heat to-day was over 100* in the shade. DENILIQUIN, Thursday,-Some curious work has been done here at the Revision Court, which sat till 10 o'clock: on Tuesday night. Fifty-seven special jurors were erased from the prepared list without any apparent reason. The following are some of the prominent names struck off, viz.:-Thomas Johnston, Frederick Marshall, R. H. Ryke, William M'Donald, E. Andows, Wil- liam Nisbet, John Oddy, Alfred Tripp, Robert Vagg, Christian Walker. The latter selector was ordered out of court for insisting on knowing why he was objected to. Numerous cautions were given by the Bench, especially to Mr. Edwards, the solicitor for some of the applicants. EAST MAITLAND, Tuesday. - The Northern Jockey Club Autumn Meeting will be held on the 13th and 14th May next.-Mr. Robert Ballard, an old resident; of East Maitland, died yesterday, -Messrs. Wade and Co., of Dungog, have com- menced the manufacture of starch, in addition to that of corn ño ur. The article is superb. GRAFTON, Friday.-The lengthened spell of dry weather has broken, and there have been some light showers in the vicinity of the town. Outside of the municipality there was very heavy rain last night. It is reported that the house at Mountain View, the property of Mr. David Laird, was com- pletely cutted by fire last nicht. It was only S~ artiaily insured, mostly in the Victorian Insurance ompany. Bush-fires have been prevalent in the vicinity of the house for some days, but they had been quite subdued. The house has been untenanted for a considerable I time, the proprietors having another house where they reside, at some distance from the place de- stroyed. The house, whioh is built of stone, and the land on which it was built, was advertised as the first prize in the Mountain View Estate Lottery. The ticket holders are anxious as to the results. The fire has not yet been officially reported to the police, but it will most likely be done in the course of the day, when there will probably be an inquiry held.-The entrances for the South Grafton Maiden Plate are Yarraman, Woodpecker, Princess, and Beatrice; and for the Handicap, Stockwell, Tomboy, Bullocky, Euroda, Yarraman, Tartar, and Tocal.-A Masonic lodge, under the Scotch constitution, called the " Livingstone," has been formed at Kocky Mouth.--Much satisfac- tion is expressed here at Mr. Bawden's action in the Assembly on the Land Bill, and especially on his giving notice of a motion of confidence in tho Government. GLOUCESTER, Tuesday.—The man Lockard, who cut his throat on the 3rd instant at Back Creek, died last Saturday. At the inquest a verdict was found that deceased committed suicide while in a state of temporary insanity. It transpired that his right name was William Lockard Laurie, and a stranger in the district.—The Australian Joint Stock Bank has opened an office here under the managership of Mr. McLerie. GouiiBUBN, Thursday.-Pastor Chmiquy's lec- tures during the week, at the Mechanics'Institute, have been largely attended, and have passed oft quietly.-Mr. Dennis, late postmaster at Goul- burn, and at present stationed in Wagga, has accepted an appointment as record clerk in the Sydney office.-Bright flashes of lightning, last evening, accompanied by sharp thunderclaps, preceded a heavy downpour of rain during the night, the register showing that three-quarters of an inch had fallen.-An anti-Chinese demon- stration has been arranged to come off this even- ing, to be followed by a torchlight procession. The members of the committee appointed have all things in readiness foran imposing display. HAY, Thursday.-A full bench of magistrates here on Tuesday refused to grant a publican a license, stating that they bad concluded not to grant any more in Hay. A strong feeling on both sides prevails among the inhabitants. , Â new brewery has just been started, and this decision affects its trade. It is not unlikely the bench will be asked to reconsider their decision as to publi- cans' licenses. MUDGEE, Thursday.-A large number of persona assembled in the balcony of the Boyal Hotel, last night, to discuss the Chinese question. Mr. "Wilton, Mayor of Cudgegong, occupied the chair. After some discussion it was agreed, owing to a heavy thunderstorm, and consequent unavoidable absence of some of the requisitionists, to postpone the meeting until Wednesday next. Several of those present were in favour of taking strong steps against the A.S.N. Company for their action in employing Chinese labour. NAUBABBÍ, Thursday.-Edward Pearce, alias " Ned, the Native," John Williams, alias " John Britton," were charged, on suspicion, with stealing the sum of £28 from one Hugh Lloyd, on Saturday last. Sergeant Abbott and Constable Webb provecí arresting them, and that no money was found on them. The prisoners were remanded until Wednesday, bail refused. On Wednesday (yesterday) prisoners were brought before tha bench. E. Smith and William M'Neil, a wine- shop keeper, of Narrabri, and John Bridger, of Mogil-Mogil, after giving evidence for the defence, I were 'charged with having, in conjunction witt* the two prisoners, been concerned va. the robbery. r AU four prisoners were committed for trial at the .'next Quarter Sessions to be hela at Narrabri. Bail 1 ''was allowed, but not being forthcoming substan . " tial enough, prisoners were removed in custody, < .¿-i-The Namoi Jockey Club will hold their annual t races on the 13th and 14th March, 1879. Very good ? ' prizes are offered.-The weather is very dry and hot ; HOdeg in the shade. " QUEANBEYAN, Tuesday .-The Court of Quart* Sessions was opened here to-day. There was no * criminal business, and the judge received the time u honoured white kids. . WELLINGTON, Thursday.-There was a splen- did thunderstorm here last night. It rained * heavily for three hours, and the lightning was very * vivid. WILCANNIA, Wednesday.-Floods have occurred in the Booligal and Willandra Creeks, and the : -water is almost as high os the floods in Í870. The \- water was three feet deep in the coach at Booligal " Creek, and the Willandra bridge is partially under water. The passengers by the coach had to get out and lead the horses over the approaches, and after '?' aattinct thom over the ombankmßTitfl. whinb af. t.his I place are very narrow and unsafe, they had to ,., walk through nearly half a mile of water. Unless \- the embankments of these two creeks and on the f- new road from here to Booligal are widened, some . serious accident will result. Fortunately Mr. -. .Can» bridge, engineer for roads, was on the coach ' at; the time, and had the repairs attended to at y'opcé.-^The plan for the new hospital, designed ; by Mr; Cyril Blacket, has been accepted. . .WALGETT, Thursday.-The Chinese question is '1 strongly discussed here. A public meeting will be ,:,held in the Victoria Ilall to-night to condemn .^Chinese labour, and protest against its incorpor *? átion with the Merchant Marine Service. A peti _tibñ' is in course of signature, praying for .' protective legislation against Mongolian encroach c ment. Mr. Dangar, M.P. for the Gwydir, has been ' requested to help this movement, and ; ho has promised it his warmest support. Subscriptions *'are being .liberally contributed to support the sea < > men's'strike. 