original correspondence. ON THE - NSTRUCrrON OF FIBE- PKOOF BUILDINGS. To the Editor of The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. Sib, — Having read m the various coloma! papers of the ' destructive bush- fires, and sometimes with loss ef life, it has occurred to me that something ought to be done to erect buildings that will resist fire; therefore I am anxious to make it more generally known to your numerous readers that such cru be ac complished, and at a very trifling expense, merely by making use of the material called concrete, when mixed in the proper propor tions, and it is as strong and more durable than stone. Therefore I should like to see concrete buildings erected in the Australian c Monies, as well as in the old country. Now, to give yonr readers some idea as to what has b:en done with this inexpensive and valuable material by various scientific gentlemen, who have made concrete building their study for many years. First of all I will just Btate the experience of an eminent officer of the Royal Engineers, who say3 that he had used con crete very Jargely for barracks, both for walls, floors, and roofs, and was thoroughly con vinced of its constructive value. He had made an experimental slab, 14 feet 6 inches square, and 6 inches thick, and after 21 days' it had been supported at the edges on brick walls, and tested by 84 men marching, donbling and doubling out of time, a very severe test over it, without any sign of failure bein» visible. This same block or slab had afterwards failed with 10J tons of dead weight nl->ced nuou it in the centre, which by mathe matical calculations, he had ascertained to be about one ton more than the live load ; so that had there been 12 more men engaged in A" q t'gt the slab would probably have given nnd<-r tbem. He had another slab made \- 6in. x Oft. 9iu., and Gin. thick, which was , ' "jected to the marching and doubling a.iosrax. .g men) which did not affect it; te3, =5 A. , joa(je j with a dead weight in the it was en'-Su wi,en 15 tons was put upon ii, or centre, sa.. . sr,per_ jt bpgnr. sensibly to 3c» t. pc-T j-(X go jons upon it, or 6 53cwt. b: !!, viva cr?!.jrefl slightly. It was per foot supiiC \\. 42. tonSj „r g.Scwt. p6r then loaded nj? > CTacks did not increase, to t su ; cr, but ft wciyth of the material for the coutprar tlio outside edges carc-3 into play at tbfcr'p, of the slab being tilted up to the extent of three-quart! s ot nu inch. Tbi3 material mrdo a perfectly impuivious roof. Another gentleman, who haa studied coucreto building for 31 years, says that ho had made a floor of tlrs materia':, 19 feet by 13 feet, without any iron joists, and in the next attempt he made a floor 40 feet by 16 feet, also without iron. It was 41 inches thick at the crown, eleven inches thick at the springing, aud flat at the top. To the floor above he gave a springing of 18 inches, aud built 9 inch wails and 61 inch cross walls upon it, and it still stood without crack or blemish. Another gentleman says that he had for soma years post paid considerable attentiou to concrete building. The largest floor he had built was 12 feet 6 by 11 feet 6, and G inches thick, and with a 44 inoh bearing on tho walls, and it stood the test of being jumped upon 111 the ceutre with hardly any vibration. Another gentleman, relating bis experience of concrete building in Ireland, says the cottages he examined were built with concrete and were found perfectly dry, with the wall nine inches thick. He further adds his experience as to ihs fire resisting qualities. of the concrete he bad uaed in Ireland. Blocks of it had passed unscathed through a lime kiln. Another gentleman mentions that be had a balcony entirely sup ported on concrete cantilevers projecting 3 feet G from the wall aud eleven inches deep at the ends nearest to the wall, diminishing to three inches at the outer ends, and these were made of concrete, and they were attached to the walls seven months after the latter had been erected, the only means adopted for fixing tliem being to cut out the tliin cement coating with which the walls were faced, and then to let the ends of the cantilever come with a straight butt-joiut against the flat surface of the wall, and about three days after tlie canti- levers were fixed in position; the balcony was tested by three men running along it. It sur vived the test, and was still standing, and he further says that he has built a large warehouse containing 432,000 cubic feet, and as to the embedding the ends of joists in concrete walls he liad done so to tlie extent of as many as 500 in one building, but they had not caused the walls to split, nor was it possible tliey could do so. I can give you the experience of many others, but, in conclusion, 1 will just state a few more instances, and about the probable cost; also to show you to what extent con crete can be brought, a gentleman states that he has built a terrace of model buildings in concrete, consisting of seven houses, the front wall being continuous. Perhaps it may be as weii to give another illustration, where an architect states that he has built warehouses 60 feet high with concrete, at the rate of £3 10s per rod, and concrete walling at 6s per cubic yard. At the Picture Gallery in King-street, London, can be seen six panel doors made with concrete. I have to apolo gise for writing such a long letter, but as I have studied this subject carefully, and not only read the statements of various scientific men, but. have lie 3rd their opinions expressed personally at the meetings of the members at the Royal Institute of British Architects, London, where a paper was read upon this important subject, which produced a lively discussion at their several adjourned meetings for that purpose. T. X. KIMPTON, Architect, formerly Associate Mem ber of the Hoval Institute of British Architects, student of the Royal Academy ot Queen's prize men in Architectural Arts, and a member of the St. A1 ban's Archie "logical Society. iVo. 22, Cardigan-street, Carlton, 26tli April, 1878. 