MINING INTELLIGENCE. There was not much business doing during the time the market was open on Saturday, but Egerton were very firm. Newington, Black Horse, and Parker's, however, declined towards the close of the market. Horse, for some reason, declined, having opened with sales at £5 17s, £5 17s 6d, and closed <with sellers at £5 lCs, buyers at £5 44s. Oity of Ballarat were in the market at 52k. Dyke's Freehold sold at 17s fid and 17s Si, with buyers ct 17« Sd, sellers 18s. Dyke's North-West had buyers at 2s 4d, and sellers at 2s 8d. De Murska were (fiared at 25s, buyers at 24s. Egerton had buyers at 59s, and sellers at 61s. Hobart Pasha were wanted at 6s. Sing's Birthday had sellers at 5s 6d, and Loughliu' 17s 6d. Lone Hand were easy at Sis buyers and 32s sellers. Magdala were taken atSs-andfe 6d, dosing buyers at 8s 3d, sellers 8s 9d. Madame Berry had sellers at 8s 6d, and New Koh-i-Noor at lid. North Birthdiy were enquired for at 32s, holders wanting 24s. Kewirgton, contributing, were very weak at 20s buyers, and 24s sellers. New North dunes were held for £10 5s, with buyers at £9 17s 64. Prince Patrick had buyers at I4s 6d,and sellers at lis. Parker's United came back to 4s 3d sellers, and 8s '9d .buyers. Parade had sellers at ISs. Queen's Birthday were in request at £13, with sellers at' £13 lOe. Ristori would have been taken at £C, holders asking £6 2s. South Birthday had sellere at 6e, an3 Sultan at £4 17s Cd. The following mining leaseB ere declared forfeited: —E. M'Cartney, 10 acres. Dead Horse; E. Morey, 4 acres, SimmW Beef; F. W. Towle, 6 acres, Big Will Band of Hope and Albion Consols.—Yield for the fortnight:—No. 2 shaft, 59 ozl dwt; No 4shaft. 122 ozlldwt No. 6 shaft,40oz7dirt. Total,221 " dwt. Oity of Canlerbury Company.—Tield of gold for the week ending Friday, 41 orlfl dwt 12 gr. Creswick.—Yields for tto week:—Djie's, 150 os; Ryan's, 73 oz. - Duchess Company.—No. 1 shaft—[n consequence of there beiug no air below during the last two days, only four days'work was done last week. 45 tons of quartz raised, yield 18 oz 4 dwt 12 gr bar gold. No. 2 shaft—Tributors will commence work to-day. De Murska Company—The mining manager reports:—The several laces at work throughout the mine continue to give satisfactory returns;—Yield, 215 oz 15 dwt. A dividend (the 29th) of 2s «d per 8000th share has been made, payable on Thursday, the 13th instant Guiding Star Tribute Company.—Yield from 80 tone of quartz. 129 cz, and from two machines of alluviil. 10 oz 17 dwt, making a total of 139 dwt for the past fortnight. The mine is opening np well and giving satisfactory returns to the tributore. Kingston Park Freehold Company.—Yield of gold for (he week, 40 oz II dwt. Llanberris Company.—The above claim has been let on tribute, three months ago, to Mr Pritchard and party, and the result has been very satisfactory. The yield obtained from the mine during the past fornigbtt has been 62 oz 17 dwt 18 gr, and the previous fortnight 62 cz 3 dwt 17 gr. New Victoria Company, Waterloo.—Yield of gold •Jbr the week, 56 oz 5 dwt. New Dimock's Beef Company—Yield of retorted .gold, 47 oz 10 dwt. Dividend of £1 declared. New Eureka Company.—Yield for the week, 6 oz •14 dwt gold. A delay occurred through accident to the pumps. Everything is again in waking order. New North Clnnes Company.—414 tons . lehed; yield, 150 oz of gold. New Lothair Company.—No. 4 level—The contrae- -torsare making excellent progress in tbe south drive on Mayday lode, having extended the drive a further distance of SO feetfortho week; total distance from starting point, 276 feet. The ground is etiU very coft, and intersected with numerous quartz leaders varying in thickness Irom 2 to 6 inches. Tributore—A party working on the Mayday lode, in the bottom of 2 level, has struck what appears to be a nice run of payable •stone; the^uartz taken shows gold freely. A crushing of 95 tons of quartz has been completed for Harris and party ; bar gold obtained, B2 oz 17 dwt. Parker's United Company.—Yield of smelted gold for the fortnight, 108 oz. and 19 oz from plates; making 1£T oz in alL New plates have been put down, which haTe somewhat detracted Irom the yield, and two days were lost tbroi^h the bush-fires, which would have done serious damage but for the active exertions of all hands. There is no change to report, but that the Eontti main level appears to be nearing the lode. There are strong leaders and a good deal] of water now from the faee. Queen's Birthday Company.—Cleaned off from 585 tons; yield, 676 oz smelted gold for the fortnight. Queen Company, Black Bill Fiat—The contractors, 500 feet level, nave made good progress this fortnight - Have crossed the stone last struck, and have about 80 feet further to complete the distance to strike same run of stone as being wotted at the 400 leet leveL The stone will be opened, up and a trial crushing obtained as soon as contractors are sufficiently ahead. The 606 feet level south trial crushing win be cleaned up on Tuesday. Cleaned up from the 460 feet level, and obtainod 18 oz 3 dwt 6 gr bar geld. Reform Company, Haddon.—Yield for the week, 211 oz 8 dwt, of which No. 2 shaft gave 70 oz 3 dwt, and No. 3 141 oz 8 dwt Bistori Company.—Yield for week, 246 oz 10 dwt. Tbe mine is looking well. Are blocking In gutter and eastern {sef-wash. The east nnder-levol is -being extended. Have-commenced rise in sosll! under-level. Racecourse Qoapauy.—Tiejd of gojd lor three fay, js 50 oz. ~oiun Clones Company. —Fortnightly report:— Batsed and crushed for the company 618 tons of qnarlz; yield, 187 «z 18 dwt cf bar gold. Orufhed at the company and tribute batteries for tributors 745 tons; yield, 171 cz 16 dwt Total raised and crashed for tbe fortnight, 1863 tone: yield, 859 oz 14 dwt • no pyrites. Average, 6 dwt 7 gr per ton. Btepe are being taken to extend the crushing power. A contract to lengthen the battery- houee by 8 feet has been let to Mr A. Nlchol; work to be completed one mouth from date of Mmmcacement. Mins Xsin good order. Slopes yielding fair share of:quartz. Put-work at Ko. 6 level pumpingrengineshaftisbeingpushedonto put in balanoo-bob and resume sinking as quick as possible. No. 2 shaft .extended south end, west lode, sixth level, 17 feet, carrying 5 feet «f stone, of good payable appearance. End coming against this &om; No. 8 shaft is being driven alongside of lode*o .effect holing as soon as possible; driven 41 feet . 'About 130 feet of ground to spend here. SmythesdaleDlstrict—FmytheedaleOoneoWluartz: Oompany—The manager reports;—No. 4 level—The south drive has: been -extended 28 JeeWor.the.week, end is now 477 feet from the shaft. Yield for about a week's crushing, 6 oz 9dwt'Jlsriiarjg6Id. The Brothers Quartz Company,"BrowM, 'EaTe^iven np work. Tbe feOnre of -this party fs much to be deplored,'as by their energy and per6everznas,fnthfi face of great difficulties, they showed that they deserved to succeed." The Golden JLge Company, Browns, are stQl einkmgfllielr shaft little S&eaa; Companv, The manager reports :—Early in the week tiuwsouth drive at tbe 5C0 feet leyel passed through what is known as tbe No. Xibreak; 1 and'we are now about 10 feet on the south, sldeof It In a broken-lip county; full of small quartz veins, carrying gold, and heavily charged with pyrites. The lode twfore Teaching the break was dry, bnt there is sow a'little-water, uid on whole the indications are very' enoouragfng. The Speedwell Company have oommenoed 'removing the winding-engine they reoently purchased. Nil Desperandu'm Company.^rOleaned np on Batnrday, and obtained 19 oz 16 dwt goll , ibejffotth Grenville Quartz Oompany, .lor 'Stevens and, party, Snake Taney, have sunk their ehaftSO lest deeper, and are now driving'for the reeL Trunk Lead Company.—YJeH of gold ./or the week, 86 oz 17 dwt. . . Black Boree United Company.—Mining manager reports, for the week:—The No. 1 shaft has been 1 good-looking No. 6 op 25 feet „ same Instripp!ngtotbe!Srlat«t2!o.fi- leveliinrth.;All tbe stopee Uok jnnoh:the .-aama 'atf last' reported.' Crushed far the Jertnight, 550atma *tf--«toiie,;wlfict yielded Sit oz retorted gold. Hon thin the usual stoppages haw fatarptoe in fwpbm •iMajJf.rmf pair, and the OTarfe batagjKmwhiOiarjBr aAiounla; for less etone. being; put, through-- Jnnfrartqre. making fair progress with new'tnaAInery. Clarke's freehold Oompany—Bliaft indeptt,-and 4 timbered, 60 feet . ' City ot Ballarat Company.—Capital progress is being made driving. The main level has been extended 35 feet for the week. Oltmes Consols Oompany,—Mining manager reports, 7th February.—762 feet level—The main vrert crosscut has been extended a fnrtber distance of 7 feet; country a little more slaty and eaBiBr for working. The north drive <?n the course of the lode extended 12 feet; reef unchanged, there being about 18 inches of solid quartz, with nioe-looHng ground alongside, and which I hope soon further improve it. Machinery in good order. Curran's Company, Dunolly.—Shaft sunk and timbered 18 feet for the vrcek; total depth, 168 feet. The quartz underlaid to the eaat of the shaft at 164 feet, when there was a little water in tbe stone. The ground now sinking through is a mirturo of flat quartz leaders and sandstone, much birder than it has been, but perfectly dry. Gollbrook Oompany.—A (Sight breakage to the maclfnery caused a delay fee repairs of twenty-four hours, in whicb lime the water rose rapidly, preventing the contractors from working. Pumping is goklg en continnovsly, but it w91 take another day or two before the men can get bc£ow. Hobart Pasha Company.—Depth of shaft <Friday night), 95 teet. The last 12 feet of ridting has been through tough blue clay. Then will be abort 6 feet more of «hie clay before the wash is reached that the bore bottomed on. Mr Q. BuSord has been appointed mining oanager, and taltBS charge ttnfiay. Lone Hand Company.—The mining 7nanager reports:—Contractors have sunk tbe shaft I feet during week, making the fell depth 78 feet The ground in the bottom is hard, and blasts bafly, owing to so many seams or joints in it. We have a little water, bnt nothing of any consequence. Magdala Company.—Un accounts having to elab np 50 feet of the shaft this wetfc, only 31 feet has been gunk, which makes the toW depth 2t)G5£ feet Flat floors, with thin slabs of quartz on them, are met with every 4 or 5 feet it sinking lately. Slabbing will be completed on Monday, and eilddlig resumed. Ventilation will then be good, and uual progress made. The incline drive is up 5 feet. Morgan's Birthday Oompany—Shaft sunk 4 feet deeper; total depth, 70 feet New Koh-i-Noor Company.—Manager reports :— Stmck the lode in the 590 feet level on Thursday, 168 feet from shaft It is 4 feet 6 inches thick, and heavily charged with minerals. It has every appearance of being gold-bearing. I think that in a few mora feet driving we whl strike the shoot of gold ~ profitably worked in the upper levels. North Dimock's Beef Oompany.—Shaft sinking going on steadily. New; Australasian Company.—Bottom main drive extended during the past week a further distance of 40 feet; total distance from shaft, 414 feet Intermediate level cleaned np as far as the barricade, which is 26 feet back from face of drive; cross drive driven from this point a distance of 30 feet Shall break through into thB wash to-day (Monday), 40 feet south of main face, after which, if considered judicious, shall work both faces. Newington and Pleasant Creek Company.—The flat st me recently discovered 80 feet below the 1100 feet level has been cut into, and proved to be a continuation of the stone struck in the winze. It is 6 feet thick, and oontaios a large quantity of pyrites. About 20 tons of the etone has been broken out from it. Tbe lode in the intermediate is 2£ feet thick, and shows better gold. Battery fully employed crushing the company's stone, and will be cleaned up in about ten days from this. North Black Horse Company.—Stopped driving oi Wednesday, and prepared for sinking a winze. Oommenoed sinking winxe on Friday—stone 3 feet wide Prince Patrick Company—The mining manager reports on the 7th instant as follows:—The contractors in the 1500 feet level have driven 6 feet for week, making the full length of drive 48 feet No change of importance has been met with in the ground during the week. The north drive in the 1100 feet level has been extended 20 feet during the week, making the distance from tbe shaft 212 feet. The track is still favorable for working. A contract has been let for continuing the 1500 feet level to tbe reef, and also for continuing the sinking of the main shaft, and these works are now being proceeded with. South Learmonth end Egerton Amalgamated Company—Contractors sunk 5 feet last week; total depth, 57 feet. Tbe ground has been very hard, but from the appearance of the bottom of the shaft on Saturday morning, the mining manager thinks he is almost through the hard bar of sandstone. South Birthday Company.—Shaft sunk S feet last week; total depth, 200 feet Sinking continues in hard eandetone; water not increating. South Scotchman's Oompany.—The miningmanager reports, on the the 7th' instant, as follows:—The contractors in the 940 feet level have driven 3 feet for the week. This drive hie passed through a welldefined quartz reef 3 feet thick, and the faee of the drive is now into eoft elate country. The south drive in the 600 feet level has been extended 3t feet for the week. Tbe quartz in tbe bottom of tbe drive continues to rise in the face, and a flat vein of quartz is making on the eaat side of tbe drive, close to the faca Sulieman Pasha Company.—The erection of machinery was completed on last Monday, and steam got up on Tuesday; some of the joints leaked a bit Baling the shaft commenoed on Thursday, and the water will be all out by Monday (to-day). The shaft will be sunk 50 feet deeper before opening out for the lode Some time past (says the P. C. If act) the flat reef worked by the Oriental Oompany for such splendid yields was laid bare in the Extended Cross Beef Com. when It was broken out. The expectations were, however, to a great extent disappointed, the first two crushings not yielding anything like what was expected. There now appears to be some prospect of their realisation. On Friday a quantity of stone was laid bare which showed goldin much larger quantities than have hitherto been seen. More will be know the value of this latest development in a few days. 