?MOUNT GAMBIER CIRCUIT COURT. Tuesday, October 28. Before His Honor Chief Justice Way. The- legal gentlemen in attendance were Messrs; Davison (Aoting Orown Solioitor). T, W, Vaudrey, E. B, Grundy, Samuel Samuels, A, J, Davies, and J. R. Moore, The proclamation appointing, the Court being read by the Judge's Associate, the names of the Jury were then called. John Hollis did not answer, and the Corporul of Police said the summons had not been served on him, as he was in Viotoria, FAME PRETENCES, Allan Stewart, charged with having on the 21st July obtained <8 from Mr, 8, M, Carson byJalse pretences, pleaded not guilty. His Honor thought the Magistrate had been justified iu committing this case (in fact he could do nothing else) but still he thought there was not evidence enough to secure, a eonviotion. The Acting Orown Prosecutor said he had in tended to enter a nolleproscyui, This was done and the prisouer discharged. &AROENY.; Mary Maclntrye charged with having on 8rd June, 1870, stolen from Mr, F, 0, Overheu, 1 jacket, 'value £1 ; 8 pairs of trowsers, value £4 : 8vests, 80s: 1 tub,.9s; 1 vest piece. £1 7s; 2 soarlet shirts, £1; 2 silk scarves, 6B: 1 Bhitwl, 15s: 6 pairs of boots, £8 ; 1 hat, £1; 1 handkerchief, 0s. She was further charged with receiving the Bame. Plea i not guilty. . The following gentlemen were empannelled as ft jury to try the prisoner! Messrs. Lube Patten. Edmund Lewis, N, A, Lord, Neil Mcintosh, W.H, Harrald. L. G, Ehret, T, Lewis, J. L. Harrison, A. MacKenzie; John Hayes, Ham mer, and 0. MacKenzie. At the request of Mr. Grundy, who appeared for the prisoner, the witnesses in the case were ordered out of Court, Mr, Davison having addressed the Court. F, Carl Overheu, of Millicent, storekeeper, was called and said--I. saw the prisoner iu my shop in June last; it was the 24th, a Friday, I think. She was standing before the counter, upon whioh was a long flat piece of dress stuff 1 saw her doubling . it up, putting her shawl over it, and then put it in her basket, 1 was at my desk in one corner of the shop;; her back towards me. Shortly after she w®ot away. She did. not speak. It was not so d to her. In consequence of this and gome thing else. I made a complaiut to the police and went with them to prisoner's premises, We found a piece of dress stuff (produced) whioh was the one I saw her take away. It wns found wrapped iu paper, Also saw a jacket (identi fied), This was sold to the prisoner oneo, but it was returned as she did not approve of it: she said her husband did not like it, I gave her credit for it. I missed it the same night when we were straightening up, I mot prisoner iu the shop a few ckys after, and asked about it. She said she had returned it, We looked through her boxca and found lots of tbfop three pairs of trowsers; this pair had my private mark on it j it has been cut off the othora, Three veata-thev are_similar to those I havo in etook, Que of the pairs of trowsors was sold to her by ray shopman j alio returned them, and I gavo her credit for them, They were missed a few days after, I swear to the vests: also an iron tub-it had some clothes in it whon found. It has not been used yet. Prisoner came in ono day to see it, but did not buy it j it was miesod before the 1st of June, a few dayy after I showed it to her. I found this piece of print there; it is mine, I never missed it from the shop j also another pieco hauffiiiK up. Two soarlet skirts, as well, they mc A?el« °?e has my Pl'ivate mark on it. (Ac this juncture the prisoner betrayed much emotion, moving about very uneasily in the dock.) They were never sold or charged to her. Also two men's silk scams and a ailk handkerchief. I identify this, as it has mv private mark on it. This other is of the same sort. I have similar ones in stook. This lady's shawl was found. The ticket is gone, but it is similar to those I had in the shop, I did not misB it. It was not ohurged to the pri soners,: Tbese boots-threa pairs of women's they are. jpine ; they are marked. I did not miss them. She, bought one pair of the same ".sort, and put theiu on whon arrested. Bhe wus only charged with one pair. Two pairs of girl's boots, Prisoner has a boy and a girl, This hat is also my property, found on her pre mises, I know it by tho stylo of its trimming, It has been altered a little bit. Tho price of tho dress stuff, 27s, : jacket, 21s,; trowsers, £Q : the one I identified is worth £2 6s, tub 0a. fld.; print, 0s. 0d. ; skirts, 20s.; handker' chiefs, fls, ; scarves, 7s. fld,; shawl, 16s, ; women's boots, 87s. fld. ; girl's boots, 21s. fld.: hat, 26s. When we removed thegood3 prisoner said, "OhI Mr. Shiels, don't let him take them away, ' I bought them years and years ago, and paid for them." The articles were in different parts of prisoner's plaoe, Bome in boxes. Cross-examined by Mr. Grundy, I have known Mrs,, Molntyre for five years : during that time I have dealt with her in butter and eggs. I did not pay cash for them, she took stores: I never paid her cash : the balance has always bden against her-! she has sometimes paid me cash, I missed the jaokefc 1st Juno, and the' tub a tew days later. She looked at the tub on Monday 8rd June in the shop ; it was missrfd the next day. Between that and 24th June I often' saw her: I did not tell her I suspeoted her; I wanted to be quite sure before I did anything. Meanwhile I took her. balances there is now q balance due to . her of . 18s. 7d. I cannot fix the date when the other things were taken, Mrs, Molntyre had permission to take things away on ] approval, but she had first to obtain permission. ' She sometimes kept them three weeks. She bought the jaoket. I took it back to oblige her, I have the book with her account here, (Handed' j to Couusel.) It was the custom to enter things i in the book when she took things on approval I am uot positively certain that she never took : things away without being entered j mistakes occur in the best regulated establishments, She bought some trowsers on the 27th May, they were entered by my Clerk ; the custom was to i put everything that was in the book into the bills rendered to her, When she returned things they might not be mentioued in her ,bjn8t gfie had two pairs of boots on 20th June ; I saw them in addition to these produced. Before this arose I ponsldered her honest and straightforward in her 1 dealings. By Mr; Davison-At the time I was living In the.premises adjoining the sh6p,..:. :! ?By the Court-When she took away the dress piece, her husband was not there : he was out* i side the shop wlieu she brought back the jacket: he Was not there when slie was pricing the tub, j William Henry Pascoe said, I am assistant to Mr. Overheu, I sold this jaoket to'the prisoner. She returned it. I think iu May. I made an entry to the book, (bopk handed to witness), the ,81§t May. She. rptyrnpd ft after jihftt. 1 did not sell }t tp jier again, J missed it an the fol lowing Mopdny morning. These trousers were returned tp me by the prisoner on the same evening,; She said they were too expensive for her husband. I missed .them that evening, when Twas clearing the counter. Witness identified other articles, and continued.-I missed ithis , dress stuff about June 24th. There are other assistants in the shop who sell drapery.' I am certain; I did not sell any of these things to the prisoner, ?'»' ! - ... ^ ' OroBs-ejcamlnedr-I have not > been with My. Qmhep ciuite two yepr?, Mf«, M pin tyre dealt with us all that time. She often took things on approval. I don't recollect oomplainlng to her about keeping things too long on approval, I cannot say If things in Mrs. Mclntrye's house were the same as those in our store. She did not deal solely with us. I cannot say if other people in Milloent sell similar glpvep, I kpow her husband, J did pp.t spe him on June 24, I did not see him optsido, it is the accountant's duty to enter things in the approval book, we call them out-we never make mis* takes if we can help it. I never found any goods that had gone out without being entered, I will swear even-thing is eptpred thfltgpesopt, David Mpo}?, assistant ip My, Overheu's store, reepgnispd several pf tjie articles in Court: he had never sold any of the articles to the pri> goner: lie was ou the tub side of the shop, He sold the tub to Mrs, Franols, and when he wished to deliver it, it had gone, Mrs, Frauds, had another tub in place of It, patrlpjf Shipls. police-trooper, stationed at Millicent deposed-I went in company with Overheu to prisoner's house on June 25. I found this blue dress piece in prisoner's bouse. She said " Oh dear me I that dress piece is out of the store, I brought it home to see if Molntyre would like it." I arrested and cautioned her ; she repeated what she had said before. I then exeouted the searoh warrant and found the things procured, some of whioh were identified by Mr. Overheu j they were in a room detached from the house, called a store | when we took the things out of the boxes, nhe said "Areyou goin^ to rob me P I bought the things years By Mr, Grundy«~She handed me the dreBs piece herself | she ohjeoted to our taldng the other tilings, I havo Known her live years and ft hall, She has twp ohik}ten«~oue ten, the other about seven years old, They live about a mile from Millioent.: Mr. Overheu, recalled by the Judge, said pri soner has been in the habit of bringing eggs, &c;,, about two or three iu the afternoon, and waiting until the storo closed, when her husband called for her. He used to come to carry tho things. She did tho business with me. This was the case for the prosaoution, Mj, Grundy submitted that the more serious offence of stealing from a dwelling house could not be gone on with. The Act required that tho property should be worth £5, and thoro was in this case no evidence of any one thoft of tho value of £6, and of course tho various thefts could not be added togothor, so it would reaolvo itself into a caao of siniplo larceny, His Honor concurred iu this, and said he would put tho oase to the Jury as one of larceny.. Mr. Grundy then addressed tho Jury. He said it was a diffloult thiag to address a jury after about half a store had been exhibited before them, and after they had boon horrified by tho thought that all those things had been stolen, He might, if ho choso, draw a pioturo to play upon their feoliogti, by portraying the mental agony of that unfortunate woman in the dock, and the suspense of her poor children, but ho would content himaolf with appealing to them as' twelve men of common sense, to consider tho faots of the case, For some five years, the pri soner had been carrying on an honest and straightforward business, in tho capacity of a butter and egg seller, and Mr, Overheu hud been tho storekeeper who had received her wares; he in return supplying hor with boots and petti coats-in faot, being her linen draper, haber dasher, and tub manufacturer. It appeared that on a certain day, Mr., Ovorheu thought there was somethiug wrong; but he did nothing, he waited. Ho. then pointed out what his client had said as to how she became possessed of the goods. . They had been sold to her (according to tho proseoutiou), shortly before, she had brought them back* and they were now asked to believe that on the same day Bhe stole them, Was this probable P Her credit was perfectly good, and she could easily .get the thiugs without committing a felony. Tho question was not did she take the things, but aid she take them foloniously P iio had known Mr. Overheu for a long1 time, and he did not wish to ea3t the slightest imputation on his integrity, but he might be mistaken, aud when he saw tho prisoner putting the dress stuff in her basket, she might have bought it of some ona else, who forgot to enter it. it was only his assistant who said mistakes woro mado, It seemed that whatovor was in the book was right, and everything else is stolen ; it may havo hap. pened that these things woro not entered. He did not protend to say tho things wore not Mr. Overheu's, but they may havo boon takon on approval. Was it likely that a woman of hor charaetor and position would suddenly fall into tho ciimo of which she was charged P Thoro was a cash balance duo to her and she might think she had a right to take goods to this amount, or oven a littlo larger amount. His Honor then summed up ; a suggestion had boon mado that tho things were taken on approval, but it was proposterous to suppose that customora could bo allowed to como into a shop aud take things without communicating with tho storekeeper. Tho Jury found tho prisoner guilty, Mr, Grundy said ho would call witnesses to character. Georgo Glen, 6.M., said he had known tho prisoner for 18 years and up till this time ho had regarded her as an industrious respectable woman. Michael Whelan, Chairman of Drainage Board at Millicent, said ho had known the prisoner 7 years, and gave her a good character, Aaron Lane, of Eivoli Bay, had known priso* nor about ten years, she had always been honest and upright. &omo; written certificates of character s/oxo liaudcd in, and a lettor from Mr, Archibald Johnson, which the prisoner was particularly anxious that His Honor should read. Mr. Grandy requested that the prisoner might bo couflued in tho Mount Gambler gaol., His Honor regretted to see a woman who had borne suoh a good character as tho prisoner in her present position; if he could regulate his conduct by Jiia sympathies ho would discharge the prisoner; but ho had iiis duty to porform, and he. could not forget tlmfc thero had been something systematic in tho way tho prisonor had takon the goods; and ho waa afraid it had been going on for somo time. Sentence-12 months' imprisonment, to be carried out in the Mount Gambler g&ol;, An order was made for the goods to bo re» turned to tho prosecutor. MREA.OH OF l'EOMISE. Bellinger v, MacDonalcl,-Mr. Davison ap* I'lumtiff, and Mr, Samuel Samuels witn Mr. Daviea for defendant, Damages were laid at £600. Henry Oates, Edward Pepper, W. Hiller, J. Hemneman, L. Paten, Thomas Lewis, G. A, Pritehard, J. L. Harrison, Ohas, MoKenzio, G. A. Krummol, Edmund Lewis, F. Hammer were called to servo as a Jury in this caeo. Mr. Davison opened tho case. Tho claim set forth that oil tho 8th February defen dant asked plaintiff to become his wifo, and tlmt thoy agreed to marry oaoh other. That the plaintiff had always been ready and willing to marry defendant, and that defendant has refused to perform his engage ment. Tlio defence states that defendant did not ask plaintiff to be bla wifo. That thoy did not agreo to marry, or if he did it was by mutual conuont rescinded. If ho did so promise, ho did so under tho impression that tho plaintiff always had been, and was then, a ohaato and modest woman, whovo^o she has not alwayo been, and is not ohaato and modest, whereupon tho defendant is justifledln breaking his ongagomonfc, Mr. Davison prooeeded to say that in January the plaintiff left Eobuca, in Victoria, where she had kept a school, to go to Now Zealand, whore she had taken a situation as governess. Beforo doing so she eatne to Milli ceiit to visit her brother ; sho arrived in Milli cent on 4th January ; a fortnight after tho defendant came j ho was a man of property and a friend of her brothers, Judging from his ap. pearance one would hardly think he was a man to win the hearts of young ladies : but aDpear ances are deceitful, for ho told the plaintiff that three other young ladies in Millicent wore dvinr; for lovo of him, Mr. Samuols objected'to this. One breach of promise case at a timo was enough. Mr. Davison continued-He did not mean anything disparaging to defendant, tho faot of winning young ladies' hearts was nothing to bo ashamed of; besides these three, thoro was a very protty aotross in Molbourno who wished (acoording to his statement) to become Mrs. MaoDonald, From the time of meeting defen dant paid plaintiff very great and marked atten tion, and had proposed marriage and had been acoepted, [At this stage tho witnesses in thia case Mere ordered out of Court.] He had promised her an eighty-guiuca piano, a trip to England and also Tasmania, and everything that was asl^ed. Briefly tho issues were, w^s a promise made, was defend ant 'released from it, and is it true that the plaintiff is not ohasto and modest, as defendant alleges. Of plaintiffs chastity there oould bo uo doubt, and ho had no fear on that count. Thia pica of unchaatity had been made to keep tho plaintiff, who defend ant knew to be a modest, timed young woman, out of tho Court, presuming that she would be afraid to come thoro when such an attack had been made on hor virtue. He was awaro that a certain amount of prejudice existed against these actions, but (hero was, no reason why a woman »hw'd pot got iu3. tide $8 well rej ft rtian. Qi\ the ground of expense already incurred injury to tho feelings, and dam age to plaintiff's future prospects, he would ask i for substantial damages. The chargo of unohas tity was a most cowardly and cruel one. Sarah Ann Bellinger, deposed-At present I live at Millicent. I am a teacher, t came to this district in January 187 ft. I was before that keeping a sphopl at Echuca. I came to visit my brpthpr, who lives at Millicent, arrived there on the 4th January, First saw defendant on the 18th January. He came to my brother's place. He stayed till Sunday night. He was very at* tentive towards me. He wanted my brother, his w}fe, and myself to go to Gillap station. We accepted the invitation, and went the following Saturday. There he was very kind and atten tive the whole time. During our Btay he in vited us to Penola races. We stayed till Mon* day morning. Several times he luvited me to go. I told bim I could uot stay as my ticket would be up, aud perhaps my brother would not take me. lie said, " I will see that he does tftke you." I took a return tioket from Mel bourne to Beachport. I alluded to that. I re* collect a conversation that took place when we were jjolug away. He asked me to go to the races. I said I had business iu Mel* bourne. He said well, we'll give you a week, I said it would take me that time to get to Mel* bourne, then he said he would allow me a fort* night. I do not remember my reply. After that he came down to the buggy where I was standing and said "won't you come back," I said I could not spend my money in coming baok* wards and forwards, I must take a situation. He then left roe and went into the stable with my brother, We drove baok to Millicent, where I found mv tioket extended to the second of March. Wo went to the Penola races, wo got there tho flret day. but did not seo the defendant tliftt day» NoM day about the 4inuer hour bo | came. My sister-in-law and brother saw bira the day before, but would not let me see bim. On the 7th February I saw him; he came into the room, said "How do you doP" took hold of my hand, and pulled me on the sofa. My sister in-law was there. Ho said " I am sorry to be in this state j it is not my fault," He said be had not bean drinking, but he had, He said it was .Torn or Jack Crowe that made him drink: they took it to him in the night, He was very penitent;. Wo Lad luiwhcov, and then ha went with us to the races. He attended on as there. Ho got out of tbo buggy, and gave some whiskey to a racehorse, My brother and MoDonald went to a tent, and raiurncd to ita, 'We saw two or three races. Ho said rnaay things, but I did cot take much notice what he eaid, He said ha would givo me " Sloighfc-of-ilnud" for a buggy horcs, He was running two horses. Wa started homo about flvo. Ho went with us. He kept Buyiug he would novor drink again, aad that after the first of March he would not taste any* thing again. We got to Millieont' about 10 o clook on the morning of ths fit!). I heard him cay, in answer to a remark of my brother's, ' mi y°7l- Sarah could live happily with me P he mentioned my name. My brother said he thought so. u,ud added, "'^cmr only fault la driuk, and Sarah could easily break you of that^1 I said " I should not think of having you while you drink," I forget 7/hat he said then besides that ho would leave drink off altogether, I said I did not wish that if he drank in moderation. Ho said' if he hod a wife he would not drink t it \\\'<x'd very lonely at homo and co he drank, aa there was nobody to apeak to. If I were bis wife^he would leavo it off. I eaid, .' indeed yotx would leava it oil then," Subsequently on the day I was sitting on the sofa with him he said "will you niPrry Sarah, and go to Gillap then P I told him I would have to go to Met bourno first, I had business there; and that'it would not be vory nice to ieavo him so seen afterwards to go to Melbourno, so soon after tha mama^o (laughter.) Ho said " when you come back will you lmvo mo P" 1 said " yes I witf, bat you will havo to bo vory- good to me," We had lunokcon tutor that. 1 asked himifbocotjld not como to Melbourne : he said he would come, - but m tho meantime- where would I stay.,, I told lum at Madame Simeon's I don't think any* thing further was eaid. % His Honor,--That wae before lunch, you SfcyP Well I think wo 11 resume this after lunch (laughter.) ? - The court then (1,15) adjourned to S.p.in;J ? Alio Court having resumed the examination is eliiei of Miss Beljingsr was continued by Mr. .Uni/isoii, She caid-^-Thero was no further con* venation before iunch, It was when'ho came back chat he spoke of a trip-to England, After uncheon he west to Miilitsnt 5 about .4 o'olook ua returned with, my brother, When he returned howasaa affectionate no over, end kissed mo, ills behaviour way that of tui accepted lover. About 8 0 cloak ho wont away with Tom Neil, aa thoro was a fire oa the station. He returned 7 ho had been drinking ; ha said Dr. Jackson had ordered him, as he had lie-art disease. ? ? His Honor-His heart ought fco have been OQttC?. ; . WitneaSpHe said Dr. Jnelcsea had prescribed dark brandy and porter, or port for his heart, rn; n ' v1.0 stayc« the nest day, I His liouor-Lingered round tho spot like, eh p] 7 %\,Cutho nest night. I osid I would go 0 Me bourne on the Wccjnc-sd&y.; Tuesday was the Hth, whoa ae g&id; ho would take mo to a i°" m ti , mi como> ^ough. On Thurs day wcKeand cama and X wrote to him, MeKeand w overseer on the station, Sent a let tee by bim. (Not co to produce it was admitted by dofen. dant 3 counsel.) Defendant referred to it when I neat eaw him, I cannot xmcmbov all I said in it, I \to,u vexed with him for not oommtj, and eaid that I must go to Melbourne nost week, and if ho did not wish mo to re turn ho v/ris-nt liberty to break hi;- engage tn01\ i tc 3 ^ W'-do a promise 1 would perform it if I had to go thr<m»U flro 1 ter,' 1D,ofclulanfc cattl° 011 Saturday, the loth. I had. boon fco tho poot»o£iic©. Be was , m the room when I returned. He sp-id. "Yon I are not going; you shan't go j J don't see | wiiat you want to go at all for; at all events ' you shall not go until after the races"-Milli« ; ; cent lacea. That day ho would not consent'to my going. SVent up town with lie. When he fUat met me he shook hands with mo: I think ' he Iusood me, I a*n not uuro, Next day (Sun 1 wae asking him fco allow me to go to ftielbourne. Ho eaid no. I tried to coax him to let mo go, uud he wouldn't bo coaxed. \Ye y/exo alone, vxc-opt « Jttfcfs boy, during. the coaxing, " askcti my aioter-in-law to persuade mm to lot _me go; She eaid I wuoi go. Then ' he sold, 5 vr'eli, jrriio lias fco go, I'll lot her: but how oi;g will you bo." I onid " n month;'1 I uaked hxm if 3io thought it wi«o to marry B0 ?°,on\\.t TOId 'yoti might ha oruol to mo, Alia ho dui not kuow chat I nnghfc not be a regular vixen. He looked tifc my eistcr»in*law and said, ' You ' hear what sho ie eaying," Arthur haa known mo sixtcou years, and if I had iaults, ho v/ould know them. Ho could tell you that I never drank until fcho last fow years. I had the collar full of winoj and uecd to serve it out to the men, and never tasted it myself.'* I asked him to coma to the dining-room and tell my brother 2 could go. There I "Arthur. Mr. McDonald says I may go to Mel. bourne."' Previous to this, in tko parlor, when I was with my uiater-in-law, sho said ,(will you get Sarah a piano. Ho eat silent e, minute, and I eaid, "Surely you will not keep mo down there without ono," Ho said ho would buy ono for 80 'guineas. Then he asked mo to promise him what ho was going to ask, 1 said "Yen, what is it." Ho eaid m five months Mr. Grica has promised mo 12 months lcavo of_ absence, when ho w'ouid take me homo, 1 said X would rather go to Tasoia* ma. Ho caul wo would go thoro, either coins or coming back. Ho aaked mo if I thought my fnenda would approve of fcho marriage. I eaid I I1. ^ ^ ^ould not caroN if tlioy saw lurn tipsy they v/ould not like him t ho eaid ho v/ould zoo to th&'c, Uo taid ho eoulci not come to Melbourne as ho could not leave the. station that time of year. Ho said if it was hia own plaee no would not mind, I said shall I send you my address P Ho said '' yes, I'll write to you. 1 went to Melbourno about 19th of February. I got back exactly a month after. I did not see defendant for nearly a week. I wrote to him saying I had returned to tho day he had given mo, Two days oftor ho came to see me, and said ho had 110 idea I was back. di. reedy he heard of it he camo to me, I la tho lotto? X told him I prised ho did not visit me. if hp did not coins at i once J should go to Adelaide : I bad offender some of my friends to pleaso bim, and I might as well stop with them aa waste my time.there. Ho came and apologised for not coming sooner1. I He said ho was in such a hurry to come, ho bag started without hia tea. Ho was affectionate in 1 his manner j I was vexed but we made it up I afterwards. He asked me to give him some tea. I did so, When my sister-in-law was going to bed he asked her to kiss him, Sho refused, and he called out to my brother who was in the next room, " Ought'nt Annio to kiss me P She's to bo my sister-in-law." Nosct morning I had a conversation with him ; lie asked rne to take some splinters from his hand ; I did 60. I gavet him my references and he read them, except on® from Mr. Hamilton, which I read to him. Ho said you havo plenty of those, or too many 01 those. He said Mr. Griee was coming out. and it would make it Jjolly awkward for -ua on tho station. His Honor^Yea j two is company, and three is none. Examination continued-He parted with me in aa affectionate manner. He said "I'll not disappoint you.» He said he was going to th^V tailor s to get measured for some oiotnes, I never saw him any more. About five or seven week after I wrote to him. At one time he told m his income was MQQ, and that Mr. Grice ha promised to raise it to £500 a year. He said h was in a good situation, and did not care to lose it; at the same time if ho did he was indepen. dent of it. He gaid he had property in Millicent -that ocoupied by Mr. Whelan. He is partner ' in some property with my brother. I have lelt much annoyance by this; it was not right lor him to treat me like this. The following letters were then handed is and read Millicent,_April 8. down, can't L». w-.T juui vonaucc to me since my return 1B ungentlemanly; if you don't wish me to remain, why not Bay bo, not keep me in this suspense } don't think I could leave without an explanation from you to know if I am agy way in fault, if bo I am totally ignorant of -ifat present. I havo abided by your wish in all things since 1 havo known you. You had no right to put me to bo much expense and trouble and treat me like this. If 1 were like many other poor girls, without means to convey them to another ?art of the giobe, I would be in a fine fix. hope aud trust you won't keep ma much longer without knowing what my destination is, for my time to me, while I have my own livelihood to get. is as preoious as yours* It strikes me probably Mr. MoKeand has been putting in his veto. If that Is the case, it U simply because he would like me himself and you can have very little faith in me to believe it. Don't for heaven's sake say anything to him about it, and get me into more trouble than Jou have already done, I wrote a letter lor lotod to you put he went qS without b|(l4io$ adieu. Arthur is in an awful, rnge, says before I go he will have an explanation, for he will go down and bring you up j and lote more I can t write 5 in fact; rshall come myself If you don t Boon ahow up, for I will, know your reason. Yours, &e.;~SARAH A.. BELLINGER. . " , , Gillap, 7th May, 1879. Miaa S. Bellinger. . , " Dear Miss,-I received your letter last Sun-, day, and was sorry to see that you went to so much expense and loss of time. I cannot see tow I was the cause of it, as you must be well aware that I did not propose to you, and perhaps it would be quite as foolish for you as it would be to mo to got married now, considering our short acquaintance. You told me you were going to sea your sister in Adelaide, and that you were going to Now Zealand for a ^ie\ I am verv eorrv if y°u QVfl disappointed, but really Fcannot ace that I am to blame in any wav wh&tQVor; \ tuov^fovoj I oanuot say nioro for > the present. Good night. I remain youra re. .pJlullj, Null. u 5 Dear Mr. MoDonald-4 can assuro you I was, surprised beyond measure when I perused your letter of the 7 th inat. How could you concoct such a vile fabrication of meP However, as you have gone bo far, unless you come here and pay my expenses and loss of time you have put me to, in one week from the time you get this, I ehall bring an notion against you in Adelaide. 1 have been given to understand I oan claim at least five or six hundred, so please yourself: doii't fear facing mo for it, for it would be im possible for you to insult me more than you nave already.' I bavo Arthur and Annie as witnesses j they both know you would not allow me to' go to town until I engaged my. . 'self to you. Can you deuy sitting on the sofa the Sunday before 1 loft and made me promise I would be back in one month. As for proposing ? as you state you did tnoro than once. Of couiso, when you were undor the influouce of liquor took no notice, but when sober I did. speak of my going to Adelaide and New Zealand is a make up of your own, I should have huA to ba very sharp when you only allowed me ft month and wanted to limit it to a week when was at Gillap. Our acquaintance would cer. tainly have been short if A bed mauled you when you wanted mo two or three weeks after I knew you, and well you remember, if you like. If you wanted to break your engagement with me, why not do it in an way, not make such an wntiuthful statement. Don't for one moment suppose that I.am ignorant of your motive for doing .this. You bavo beon deceiving ^fp*' S£'D3" time visiting a QN",ftP; Vlou would lot you off without any trouble, per baps you have an idea It ia manly, but in the flight of r eeuaiblo poison deceit la simply uia* gusting, I strongly advise you wot to do so again. I shall sea tbe girl before I leave Milliceut, Trusting you will attend to what 1 have stated, and put me to no farther trouble, Yours, &o.;, Saras A. Bswingbr. P.S.-" Every hour you keep me waiting now you will have to pay for, so you had better aettlo at once." ' Miss Bellinger was then cross-examined by Mr, Samuels at great length. She said There were several bachelors at Boaobport, X saw Messrs, Pollatd, Craig, Gompton, Wehl, and several more. Mr. Pollard is a married man, Mr, Giddinga is not a bache lor. Mr. Craigis, Wo weio talking; they epoke very highly of Mr. McDonald, Mrs. MoMahon was also in the room. Mr, Craig has now gone to England, 1 do not tccol« lect what took plaoa that night. X had a glass of port wine; that was my eccond evening at Boaobport, Thursday, the 20th, . Mr. Lane and another gentleman were thatu There was only one room to sit in at the total t do not know what took plaoe. We spoke of MaoDonald. pollard said I (mould be the salvation of him } * might have said 1 I had not mado up my mind to marry him ; but as I was coming back on purpose to do BO, I could not moan it. 1 do not remember . Baying it. I was sitting on the sofa with . Mrs, MoMahon and noma gentlemen--thoy were short of cbaiia ; Mr, Pollard came and sat near mo; ho did nothing to me; Mr, ' Craig was sitting at tho tabla writing tickets for the boat, he waa between Mrs. McMahon and myself; he slapped Mrs, McMahon on the shoul der in a playful manner; she had boon his nurse; I do not think X was tapped on the shoulder ; Mr. Craig was u very forward man, and I should »at have been surprised if ho had done so; I did not liko him ; I went to bed between 9.80 and 10, I slept with Mrs. McMahon, Paring the evening I had a glass of port wino and some lemonade, I said if I did marry McDonald J should not be jealous of him, as he is bo ugly, I said that to himself, I did not «dvortise it in the Border Watch, I should not have likod him so well, if ho had been good looking. I was not making fun of him, I think handsome . men are not to bo trusted., (Loud laughter.) I did not speak of "JPonald Hay. I know him ; it is throe years agel eince I saw him when ho used to oorne to any brother's plaoo. Something may have iboen .said about his payiug attentions to me, but I ara not sure. There was no larking. X used to laugh to try and amuse myself, as X <waa very null and dowa-hwted, ri had seen MaoDonaid itwico before I went to Penola vacQs ; onco before 1 went to Gillap. He did not propose at Gillap. He was not sober all tho time he was at the races,. but he was uofi drunk all the time., At. Beaohport I said I was to be married to him jta a month's time. I e*peeted to be married idifeotly I oamo baok to Millicent. X objec ted to tho liasto, but not to tho marriage Itself i I desired that; I refused him twice. Well, wfeere did you relent ?-At Millicent, on tho 8th. Coming from Penola races we camped on tSio road whilo tho horses were rested. I wrote no other lottoia to him. X did not send him any poetry. He did not Bead me a lino. I did not wish fco pome into Court, Mr. Diwies tviod ta compromise the matter with mo. X did not lat It. at Beach* port, I did nothing to ba ashamed of, or that thero waa any harm in. My brother did not persuade me into the marriage ,against my will, But ho had groat influence in persuading mo to accept him. He said, " he is not nvuoh to look, at, but ho will make a good husband," (Loud laughter,) X sent him my (photograph). When I got baok to Millicent, X should hayo liked his photograph, but I did not bavo it, I was 28yeais old on Sunday. I did not know that MoKeand was a suitor for my hand : people had told me that ho wanted me for himself. Once he said ho was 20 yeaw old, and another time 80 years, X asked how it was ho differed in his age so much ; he said he thought lie would . have a ohance if he sabl he was 26. I have not his photograph ; I am friendly with him. I did not teli Mrs. Inns that I would not marry » McDonald unless he settled £1,000 on me. He had propoaod to do it, but I objeoted to it, saying it would look as if X married him for his money. X spoko to her about him After he had givon me up. X went to tea with her. She said, " It Is a good thing yo», are not going to marry him, he is so ugly. Mrs. Inna was always against my marrying McDonald. There has been a lawsuit be tween hor and my brother, and I suppose it is a little revenge for hoi to come here. I never told Pollard X should not come back from Melbourne. Of course I did not know if I should livo to come back, I was then, unwoll, aud the sea Biokness might kill me. I was afraid it would, CroBa-oxamincd-I was fond of bim. I can not say when I began to get fond of bim. He, .,eald ha was 31. . By tho Court-Does he look UP Yes. (Laughter). Cross-examined, continued-When I was in Melboumo 1 did not send him a 'valentine with cupids and real angels in the distance. Going to Melboumo I stayed three days at I Beaohport on account of a man having com mitted suicide, the steamer being delayed. Up to that time I loved him just the same. Re-examination.-There were several ladles at Beaohport. Mr. Davies oame to me, wanting to compromise with me, and trying to get a list it my expeuses. Annie Bellinger, wife of A. H. Bellinger, of Millicent. stated-I recollect the plaintiff «oming to Millioent; defendant came a short time aftor.«about a fortnight. He stayed from Saturday till Sunday. He was very attentive to my sister-in-law. He invited us to Gillap. We went there the followiug Saturday ; he was very attentive to her all the time, He asked us to go to the Penola races with him. We went to the races; defendant met us there: he shook hands with plaintiff ; I did not see him kiss her, He Bald tie had taken too much, but he could not help it as he had lost the race, He went home with us to Millicent} be was very attentive to . plaintiff all the way home; he said his only fault was drink, and thought the plaintiff could live very happily with him. Later I said to him that he would have to keep her nicely ; he said yes j he could well afford to do so j lie said he would get her a piano; I thoueht 1 they were engaged; I thought so from the! . manner. They sat together in the buggy and in the house, when ho left he shook hands. He oame baok the following Saturday, My sister in-law wrote a letter, and afterwards he asked me if she was augty With him. 1 saw him kiss het often. He said he would tako her to Eng. land in five mouths time, There was <* dUcus 5Ion between them about her going to Melbourne. le did hot liko her going, but afterwards con sen ted, making her promise to return soon. He said he would go to Melbourne for her, but after wards explainod that ho was very busy and could not leave the station at that time of year. When she had gone he aaid it was dull without Sarah, but It would not be for long. I oomforted him. Defendant oame After her return. I did not see them kiss. He took hor hand and held it awhile. He auid he did not know she was back or he would have como before. He had I left without his supper to see her, Ho said that if he touohed plaintiff she scolded him. 1 tlunk he had had too muoh liquor, and she had been scoldiug him for it. By Mr. Davison-Did he ever want to kiss you ?~-Ycs, ha said I ought to kiss him, as I should soon be his Bistftr-in-law, I wouldVt. Cross-examined-Don't you know that all men hate their sisters-in-law and mothers* I in law ?.-I don't know. MoKeand was I attentive to my sister-in-law before her en- I gagemcnt. They woro both paying atten-1 tions at the same timo. They were both I there together. MoKeand is good looking. ** ^now is the rioher of the two, I McDonald owns some houses with my hus- I ??, aP Millioent. I do not know the amount I ottne income they derive from these houses. I I never saw him "on the spree" before I Panola races, He has had some brandy at I 'T' ?no n'8^t when he was going to I bed, My sister never told me he was a good looking man. She said she liked him in ???' S ?. ? ? usHnosa. She did not say Bhe I iiitea him because he was a good man among I sneep. She aaid she would not be jealous of I him, My husband said ho thought Mao* I Donald would make a good husband. I , ^'thur Stormanu Bollinger, of Millioent, j stated-My sister came to my place early I in January of the present year. Defendant | °?mQ a fortnight afterwards, and I stayed two daya, He had often been there I botore, We are partners in some property, I He was very attentive to my sister, He was I more attentive at Gillap than before, He asked me to try to persuade her to go to tlio Ponola raoes. Ho said ho would I engage a room for us at Penoln, He I asked me to porsuade my sister to I marry _ him, lie asked me for my I sister. I said he should ask her himself, He I said, "Yon don't half help me along, or stick I up for me as a brother-in-law." He said if I lie nob married he would leave the drink off, aua ho thought thoy would livo happily I together. I thought so too, ns I had known him a good many years. X have seen him kiss her, and it was eaay enough to see that I he then wanted to marry her. 1 do not I know what has made hira change his mind. I Afterwards ho told me that ho had allowed my sister a month to go to Melbourne, I When she returned he came to see her, shook hands with her, and wautod to kiss her. Ho held her by the hand, A bush-fire 1 had prevented him coming before. He came I straight away without his supper. He said we I four were to atay with him a lew weeks aftor they I were married, I next saw him at Gillap, He said he had not got the letter my sister wrote, He said ho would write to her tlio next day. I stayed there the evoning, He went out about I /'SO, I did not see him again until bedtime, when I gaw him in the kitchen, There were two other females there, Mrs, Molioughlin and I hor daughter, who is about id or 17 yours I old, He never left me by myself before, fie owns Whelnn's property, worth about <8700 ; ho owns property with mo, his Intoreat in it is worth about £ltidj he tola mo ho had £1,000 in a bank in Victoria: ho hna horses, five or six good ones j Idoiiotkuowtheirvaluo, He had some racehorses besides, I Cross-examined-*-! am not paying the ox-1 penses of this action. Before my sister came I I did not speak to MoDonald of matrimony, I was | a poundkeeper once, I resigned ; there was some Court business about it. I said my sister would I cure him of drink. I Mr. Samuels-So you consider it a right I thing to mako your sister a peripatetio Jnobriato I asylum P I Mr. Samuels said ho was unfortunate in having I opposed to him a young, beautiful, and attractive lady, because, whatever wo tried to do, wo, as nieu, wore always prejudiced in favor of women. I Mr. Samuels oited a passage from Addison I ott Contracts, page 680, to show that if a I woman has been guilty of lovity, immodesty, I or impropriety in a publio plaoo, a man would I be justified in breaking a promise to marry I her, He also quoted remarks of the Lord I Chief Justioe Branwell, in Smeler v. Stern. The bridegroom was taken to the Penola I raoes as a sort of prisoner. The old couplet I applied I " Tlio goddesa of persuasion forms her trolu, I Au4 V«mis tlenlis t.he aWftll). I lu this caso they must be oareful tiofc to I let their hearts run away with their heads. Plaintiff said she soleoted defendant for a bus band on account of his ugliness; that was taking a rise out of him and his client, who could call themsolves the two ugliest men in the Court. This was a peouliar action, this accomplished j young lady falls in with a man, drunk, unedu oated, and of no parts j from hor demeanor in I the box it could be seen she was a lady of oon- I siderable parts. With regard to the plea of un chastity put in the defence, lie did not moan for one [ moment, to cast any imputation upon the aotual J chastity or purity of thenlaintiff, wiiatwas mennt I was the chastity of her demeanor and convorn tiou. An affianced woman should consider herself sacred to tjie man who is to be answerable for I hey happiness and the possessor of her person. I Like Oaesars's wife she should uot only be vir tuous, but above suspicion. Mr! Samuels oleverly and fully reviewed every noint of tlio evidenoe, { but want of space and time prevents insertion I being given to his able speeoh. I ? H. 0, P. Pollard, of Millioent, auctioneer, said I know the plaintiff, I saw her at Beach Sort'about Feb. She was oo hep way to Mel-1 ourne. . There was a delay in the steamer And I she stayed at Mr. Oook's temporary hotel 5 two j davs I think. I met her one evening in a room called # private parlor, it was kept soleot. There was another parlor Thore were .sevoral people I there, men, sometimes the landlady or servant I girl came in. Miss .Bellinger spoke to me about MacDonuld, sho asked my advice as to whether I it was judicious to marry him. I said it was a I very difficult matter to give advioe upon. She I said he drinks frightfully; I said matri mony might reform him. I asked her I if sho intended to pojpp baok : she said she did I not know. After that wo hfto ft general conver-1 sation. Beiug oommonly reported that an en gagoment was in existence, many remarks were I made : and Miss Bellinger said that if she did J have him she would never be jealous of him, I as he was quite too ugly for anyone to fall in I love with him. (Roars of laughter), People oarae I in and out of the room during this conversation. I Mr. Craig Bojb pejjt plaintiff pat t of the time. We were drinking j I pmpt my what Miss Bellinger had. She pressed my ft#ft I threw it up (laughter) raised my foot -Miss Bellinger's I foot, 1 mean. ] Mr, Samuels-That's what you call reciprocal feeling. (Laughter.) I 7 The foot then went to Mr, Craig's side. I left a few minutes before eleven, to the best of my knowledge she was jBlill there'.'. She did not seem offended when J threw her foot ?bout: treated it as a joke. Examined by Mr, Davison-Cannot say if there were other females there. I do not know tjjat he is a preacher, I have never known any- I thing wropg about Miss Bellinger : her engage ment was generally spoken of: she seemed to be quite undecided; we were ehafeng her, I am a married man. I George Giddings, builder of Millioent, said 1 have seen plaintiff at Beaohport about middle I of February, at Cook's Hotel, after tea. There I were several other females besides, A convcrea-1 tion took place, referring to Mr, MpPonald: she said she had a chance of marrying him or Donald I Hay : she asked which sho should have. I liad seen ner once before. She said MoDonald drank I and that she was not frightened of any one I falling in loye with him.' She was not sure if she was coming baok from Melbourne. Occasionally plaintiff's leg was thrown by Pollard over into Mr. Craig's lap, this was dono over a dozen times. She did not resent it, She re mained in the room until eleven o'clook, Miss Bellinger had two or three glasses 'of port wine during the evening j I paidlor one, Pollard and Craig eaoh paid for one, Cross-examined-I did not counf Itow manv times, but at least a dozen times plaintiff's le« was thrown into Craig's lap. I am not paid for coming here j I belonged to the Baptists a short time ago 1 I deoline to say if I was turued out of that denomination for indecency with a woman. I don't know whioh leg was raised. 2 did not interfere, I have lately assigned my estate for the benefit of my creditors, I have not concealed my property home, EllBa Inns, wife of Peter Inns, mason of Millioent, said-I know the plaintiff. I have had a conversation with her about a pro posed marriage with Mr. MoDonald. She did not . seem willing, 01 anxious to marry him, We have spoken of him on many occa sions, This was in March, before she went to Melbourne, She did not say« he was to ma,fy she said, " If I marry him he muBt settle £1000 upon me." Miss Bellinger recalled, said it was untrue n h,hr,ieg was thrown into Craig's lap. On tho lith or 12th October, I camo in the coftch from Nwrwowta to Mount Gambler, Mr. Davison addressed the Jury in a long and able speech, dwelling upon the cruolty and cowardioe of the plea of unohaslity, whioh they had not attempted to support, His Honor summed up, After a abort retirement, the Jury returned a verdict for the plaintiff- damages £880, Mr. Davison applied for judgment, which his Honor directed with costs. The Court at 7.20 p.m. adjourned iim die, 