WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 1879. IN our last issue we alluded briefly to the straits to which the Gippsland hos pital has been reduced, in consequence of the falling off of subscriptions. There are a few eloquent facts with which we may supplement the appeal of the sec- retary appearing in another column. The institution, as its name denotes, is the only one in this large province, and patients are received into it from places so far distant from each other as Port Albert, Omeo, Donnelly's Creek, and the new shires through which the line of railway runs. It is the only hospi tal, in fact, east of Melbourne. It is scarcely creditable to the community at large that the committee should find themselves embarrassed for the where withal to pay current expenses. It is I possible that the policy of dispensing with the services of a paid collector is not a wise one, and that were the dis trict to be actively and regularly can vassed, the claims of the Hospital would not be lost sight of. This is a point which we may be permitted to suggest as worthy the consideration of the com mittee. We know of no other district in which the spontaniety of the public in matters of charity is so wholly re lied upon, and in this view, perhaps, to cast the least reflection upon the general public for insensibility would be not only ungracious but unjust. The dis trict which is served by the hospital includes a territory which is becoming thickly populated, and bids fair to rival the older portions of the dis- trict in substantial prosperity. We allude to the newly settled country lying between Morwell and Drouin It is only by the services of a paid col lector that the willing donations can be gathered in. We refer more particu larly to the new shires in the west, because the bulk of the inhabitants are new comers, and have not become ac- customed to recognise their benevolent duty towards in institution at Sale; but we remind our friends along the line that many urgent cases have from time to time been brought in here from Narracan, Mirboo, and Brandy Creek. During last year 222 in-patients were treated and 42 out- patients also were relieved. The district which has shown up as liberally as any considering its distance and its then state of dulness Grant. We are glad to be able to state that the appeal so far has worked ad- mirably, one old citizen having stepped I liberally forward with a Life Governor's donation of £20. If this example were imitated by a few other residents who are in a position to do so, and a syste- matic mode of collection adopted, we should not again hear of a financial t deadlock in the affairs of this noble charity. IN the early part of our constitulional dispute, and indeed up to the appear ance of the Embassy in London, the Spectator was quoted with much appro val as an authority in support of the views of Victorian Liberals. Subjoined we give part of an article which ap- peared in tIle London journal on Sept. 20, on the plebiscite and commend it to Liberal perusal: It is useless to conceal from ourselves that a plebicite and Parliamentary government are, in the long-run, incompatible ideas. Parliament cannot play a secondary part without ceasing to be Parliament. There must be no power above Parliament, or, rather, no power actually exercised by living persons. Parliamentary government may coexist with a written constitution, which can only be altered by some special machi- nery; and a plebiscite invoked for this pur pose only, though It would be objectionable on other grounds, would not he inconsistent with Parliamentary government. But Mr Berry's Reform Bill makes a plebiscite part of the ordinary machinery of legislation. Whenever the two Houses differ on any matter of sufficient importance to make the Assembly interested in carrying its point, a plebiscite will be resorted to. Consequently, it is with a plebiscite that all the greater measures will he associated in the minds of the electors. They will perpetually be look ing forward to a time when, instead of having to chose representatives to manage their affairs for them, they will be called upon to manage their affairs for themselves, in some particular too important to be left to those who ordinarily manage them. It is impossible that this attitude of mind should not in time bring about a much lower esti mats of Parliamentary government than exists in England. In proportion as the minds of a people are turned away from Par liament, the authority and reputation of Parliament suffer. They suffer in Ger many, because in pratice, whatever he may be in theory. Prince Bismarck is above Par- liament. They suffer in the United States, because the interest of electing a single Pre- sident is greater than the interest of electing the members of Congress. They suffered iln France under the Second Empire, because Napoleon III. knew the value of a plebiscite, and the Chambers could never flourlsh under that overpowering shadow. What has hap lpened in Germany, in France, in the United Staes, will happen in its degree in Victoria if this Reform Bill becomes law. A greater instru- mont than Parliament will always be lurking in tile background, and by the side of that greater instrumenllt, government by Parlia- ment will seeom a poor and secondary Iaffair. We are not in the seurets of the Victorian democrats, and we cannot profes to know whly thlley should have set themselves with so much determination to bring about such a resalt. Wlatever he the expllanation, we I have no ldolbt o tilo te result. If the Vic torian aneollstitutionll is remodelled onl the Ilasis of Mr lBerry's Reformln Bill, It will be a lheavy blow to Parliamentlary governmoenlt il the colany. The form will remain, Int the spirit will have lied. Coosidering how largo a pullltion will be concerned inll the future history of Victoria, 1nd1 how in1lttive other colonios have solmetimes sllownl thmlnselves. this is a calamity to oe mlost deeply regrettedu IWe are reuested to state that the Clerk of Petty Sas o011 will attendl to is5l5e sum0 monses at 'rraslgou nn Tbhulrsday, tile 131th, inll lieu of Frillday 14th inst. T'he echnonler Olengarry passed trllugh the Laken Enltrance yesterday morning at , .30, and proceeded up the river. T'he treasurer of thile Glppsland flospital acknowledges with tlhanks the reaelpt of a donation of £20 front Mr J, J. Drew, in 4 aid of the Itlltitution, This liberal don , tion constitutes Mir Draw a life member. I The Long Tunnel Co.'s monthly repcrt shows,-Quarts crushed, 1818 tons 11 Cwt; amalgam 7622n za : gold, 3318 oz0. A dividend of £3 per share is declared, and £360 carried to the credit of the reserve fund. Those established favourites, Mr and Mrs J. L. Hall, with their clever sup porters, will, we remind our readers, ap pear again on Thursday and Friday at the Victoria llall. The piece for to.morrow night is entitled "Lhe Professor," which is said to be full of dash and effervescence, like most of the pieces which the Byronic Company play. The Agricultural Show will take place tonmorrow, and the prize list appears in another column. We are requested by Mr Rose, the Secretary, to state that he will receive entries, from those who have not been able to come in before, at the Caledonian ground up to noon this lay. 'Three hundred entries were received up to last evening, some of the classes being very good, especially hacks. Some inte resting special exhibits, ranging from a horse.power threshing machine to a pair of monkeys, will beon the ground. At the sale of Mr Yuille's thoroughbred horses at Newmarket on Monday, Mr W. Pearson made the following purchases: Thistledown, 10 yrs, by Caractacus-The Flower Safety, 80gs; Persicarin, 12 yrs, by Lord Clifden--Fernhill, 140gs; Inse curity, 8 yrs, by Gunboat-Bad Debt, 100gs. At the Police Court yesterday, before Messrs Platt and Slattery, Js.P., R.Guth. ridge and Co. ,btained a verdict for £5 against Jackson Orr, being commission due on the negotiation of a loan, with 15s 6d costs. Mr Wise appeared for plaintiffs. The cases of Bushe v. Spencer and an other for neglecting to pay half cost of a division fence were postponed to 25th in. stant, they being within the special juris distion of the police magistrate. A cricket match was played on Monday on the Sale ground between a local eleven and a team from Heyfield, the event result. ing in a victory for Sale in one innings with 34 runs to spare. Such being the case, we need not "pile on the agony" by publishing the scores. The top scorer for Sale was Little with 19, while Reynolds did most for our visitors, who furnished in both innings the unprecedented number of 13 duck eggs and six melancholy units. 'The game passed off very pleasantly, and the weather being perfection there was a very fair attendanceon the ground. The Gippslsnd Mining Board met ,es terday; there being present Messrs Foster (chair), Knight, Martin, Curtain, 'Iraill, Gray, Campbell, Reordan, and Trench. A letter was read from the Mining depart ment, in reply to one from the chairman, representing the inconvenience caused by the want of a clearly dellued boundary line between the districts of Gippsland and Beechworth, in the vicinity of Sassafras and WYheeler's Creeks; stating that Mr Whitelaw would report thereon, and in viting suggestions from the chairman. The chairman now submitted an alteration on the map which would bring the miners at the new diggings within this district, as they desired. The chairman's action was approved and a cordial vote of thanks passed to him. It was resolved to ask Government to apply a revote of £300 for cutting a track from Violet Town to Red Jacket; that it would be useless to again protest against the exclusion of MAs..B. from Local Land Boards; that the Post master-General be asked to extend the mail service from Sassafras to Zulu Creek, as the miners would be greatly benefited thereby; that application be made to have Sassafras Creek proclaimed one of the polling places for Mining Board elections. The Board then adjourned. The Governor's ball on Friday night, though a very pleasant affair to those who had part in it, was remarkable for omis sions. One correspondent says there were over 1400 persons present, a very large number invited being from the other colo nices. Complaints are loud that Victo rians were comparatively thrust aside. It is also stated that few of the members of the Legislative Assembly were invited, and great is the wrath thereat ; indeed we may hear of it in the House. However, it was a goodly assemblage. The dresses were distinguished for taste rather than luxury, some of the best costumes being simple blendings of the new prints. Mr Joseph Clarke's ball, on the previous evening in the T''own Hall, was attended by about 800 persons, many of whom were from the neighbouring solonies, especially Tasmania. The Pastoral Times (Deniliquin) of Nov. 8 says:-The weather has been al most like summer. The river Edward has been very high, 30ft 6in above summer level ; it has fallen since considerably. In several localities grasshoppers have made an appearance, and in some places doing much damage. The liay Standard reports acontinuance of favourable weather. Stock movements show sign of improvement, and the favourable season is telling on stock. Victorian sheep are passing in great numbers for Queensland, about 14,000 crossing for that destination, and from what we learn more are to follow. At Wagga the weather has been fine, though at times cloudy and windy. The promise of luxuriant feed is already arousing fears that bush-fires will be prevalent unless great care is taken. At Dubbo the weather has been changeable. A great storm of wind and rain took place, but up to the present no serious damage is reported; large trees were uprooted bodily by the gale. The herbage is ahundant,and stock are in splendid condition. At Daylesford, on the 5th inst., a man named William Cook, to create a little diversion, set fire to a number of squibsin the Royal hotel bar, and then seizing nce, called a " canou rotket" placed it in his mouth. After a fiuing a few seconds it exploded, blowing his tongue to pieces from point to root, lacerating his cheeks, and of course damaging his teeth, lie now lies in a dangerous state. The dividends at Sandburet last week amosnted to £8208, while the calls were only £100. 'I'he United Hustlers and Redan Company has paid £7,800 in divi. deids within the last three weeks. A bootmaker named Maseau, at Geelong who was kunocked dclown by the wind on S2811th Oct., while putting up his shutters, died in the Geelong hospital on Sunday, his skull having been fractured. TIhe Age reiterates that the Ministry have delanydl tile bhisiuess of tile session by r the "iiautlelous uttemtpt to reconstruct the tariff," provoking hostile votes on the flnor of the IIouso and in the Farmers' Unions outside. War between Japan and China seems to be itinliuent. Rlussia apparently will take e sides with the "Japs." The fleets of both Asiatic powers are formidable. S A portion of the Chislholm estate, situ slt ated on the Railway line at llcdfern, N.SB.V., comprising 12 acres, has been 1 bought by the Government for £100,000, a A case of English chlolera at Geelong a has terminated fatally. 'IThe local hoard Sof health do not appear to consider the Smatter of much importance. 