News of tbc Week. r. ^"rearson Brothers has sent put an excefedingly -creditable pictorial almanac with their-wee&yj; illustrated. That firm wjU make its mark in the; colony yet. We have to hand the Cometsim&jxm;, I which is entitled to rank as a firsL ; class sarpple of -lithographic art. It is i, gobd advertisement ', for the firm of Scrimgour Sons. . And bfesid^si these, the Border Watch . presentiatioii. "bewk' : 1 almanax; neat a&id; complete. ' At a meeting .of the Port Institute Committee oh Tuesday' evening, a" resolution was passed under which Messrs. Phillips and Tomsett have resumed the Honorary Curatorpliip of the Port Mu seum. We understand that a great acquisition will shortly adorn this repository of natural curiosites—an ape from Java. Its a terribly l^ng w^y to send for ; a specimen of that particui- Wr kind of animal The nearer market (say Victoria.!) seems to be ignored. His Excellency the Governor returned per s.sj South Australian Monday morning. j Mr. Anthony Hall, : J. P., has (as we intimated would be the case) been appointed a member of the Adelaide Licensing Bench, vice Mri Formby resigned. ' | We have received a donation of three guinea^ from Messrs. 1 Santo Go., Port, for the Blind, Deaf, aind Dumb Institution. j IVIr. Russell has announced he will not race the j^ivid again unless fresh boats competed Her success has become monotonous. We admire his spirit. , fhe cieyr of the Zephyr have challenged the crew of the Britannia to row the Regatta course for £30 to £5. j The Directors of the Port Adelaide Docli Company have made a call of £1 per share. ! Mr. A. Hall, J.P., has been elected by a large, majority as Director of the Commercial Bank. . The Lefevre's Peninsula District Council has appealed to the Government with respect to the deficient water supply, and has been promised that so soon as the North Adelaide Reservoir is .finished there will be an ample provision. Condon, the mail-cart driver Port, has been transferred to Adelaide and succeeded by MxlSheriden. ' The excavations at the new Dock at the Port aretprogressing- rapidly. At present there is no waters^worth speaking of,; and the pump is em-. ployed : only :a few minutes: at intervals, A -irieetrng of tlie jS. A. 'Yacht Club is called for ifcfe evening, ait the Ship Inn. ie '^Portland District Council held a special Dueling oh-.^tonday evening, nekt for the pur g^Bes of IThe Rev. John Thorne lectures on Monday^ evening next at Glanville on " America and the Americans," in aid of -the funds of the Bible Christian Church. The Semaphore Anglican Church is roofed in, and the contract is being rapidly brought to a completion. The edifice begins to do credit to the architect's design.' The Baaik 'of South Australia has donated £10 10s. to the sailors' Home. The Mayor of Port Adelaide entertained Alderman McJSiSSS^^-Ege'I^H CSlub-House on Tuesday afternoon,, lusrib-prior to the departure of that gentleman. ~eman Thgre were about 50 gentlemen present, aind a few appropriate toasts were duly honored. .• 1 - On t^ediiesday, fit, thB Port 'Police Court, Peter Burns, seaman of the brig'Miss Kilmansegg, was sent to gaol for one month, with hard iabor,-for ; an unprovoked assaidt upon the chief officer. ' Mount Gambier Gas Company postpones operations six months to await scientific deve lopinents as^to lighting.' ! We draw attention to the announcement tliat D5r.» J.-^S. ^Hsohj' ^ho hks returned to Port Adelaide for the ^rafctice of his profession, has been appointed Sui^eon to a number of local Lodges, LQ. P.IV L r • ^he imimgrant^hip Salisbury arrived on Wed nesday, wit^ efjualft^ 321% statute adults, It was computed that the register tonnage of -vessels;jn the Port Adelaide harbor on January "6th amounted to >34,761 tons, iexcluding Government vessels, steamtugs, and hulks. Of that ;25,6So tons irepresented extra-colonial shipping. 7,187 intercolonial traders, and 1,889 coasting craft.—?' Register." . A lad named Thos. Reilly, Eudunda, laborer, was drowned in a deep waterhole of the .North Para River on the 4th Instant; jumped in to .bathe, swam two yards, and sank. Knispel iried to' rescue,' but was nearly drowned also by Refily clinging to his leg. Hole dragged body^ recovered same evening. Inquest—Acci dent" A sad boat accident occurred on Lake Alexan drina on the 6th January. Mr. Yelland, Point Sturt, farmer, with Eis two sisters and a Miss Crocker, were crossing to Milang in a boat. On Tuesday the boat was found bottom upward ; only-two of the occupants have not yet been recovered. . . . A.terrific bush-fire has consumed 80,000 acres of heavy grass, 4,000 or 5,000 sheep, and a large quantity of crop, near Penola. Twenty-seven , bushels to the acre has been reaped from a 40-acre piece at Willochra. The Glenelg and South Coast Railway is to be opened for traffic oh Monday next. Dr. John Fisher died on Monday. Ophthalmia is prevalent at Mount Gambier. An anti-Chinese meeting at Hindmarsh has passed resolutions congratulating the Seamen's Strike Committee of Sydney for the moderation and propriety which had marked their conduct during the strike, and in favor of the formation of a Anti-Chinese League, and' the voting against any candidate for a seat in either House of Parliament who would not promise to advocate the policy of the League. On Monday night, at Sayers' Hotel, the prizes to the successful competitors in the regatta were awarded, and the protests considered. The question between the Annie Watt and the Ethel was left to private adjustment. The Ayah was disqualified, being half a ton over limit; so Linda took first and Hydaspes second prize. The four-oared gig race was referred to a second trial, but the Zephyr, not agreeing, the Britania will have a " walk over." It was decided that the Palawan had not wilfully fouled the Emu in the life-boat race ; and, she, therefore, held her place. The Silver Spray was upheld in the dingy race against a charge of fouling. The Ada was adjudged second prize in the youth's pair-oared race, the master of the Lillie being over age. Mr. E. G. Blackmore, Secretary to the Port Rowing Club, owning the winning boat Queen in the champion race, asked that the Treasurer would hold over. the £50 until it was decided whether to receive the prize in money or trophy. It was announced that Captain Simpson will in future restrict the life-boat prizes he offers to intercolonial crews, the English vessels not having competed in any sufficient number A high compliment was paid deservedly to Mr. Honey for his energy, to which the success of the regatta was to a large extent due. There was a " knott-y" misunderstand tween one Knott at. Hope Valley and named Moschke. Knott tried solution b loaded with powder only. It was not s effective, but Knott retained his prese mind and clubbed the gun, breaking the st over Moschke's head. The law interfered just when the men had arrived at this stage .towards an understanding, and poor Knott is to interview at an early date one. of our most distinguished Judges. In an ordinary way he could not have attained that result by years of hard toil. ' • ... .) A fine new church, built of Dry Greek stone in Gothic style, has been built by the Bible Christians at Glanville, 45 ft. by 35 ft., and to seat 200 persons. Mr. D. Garlick was architect, and Messrs. Lidbury and Collier the builders. It was opened by services on Sunday last, and by a public tea and meeting on Monday; at the latter Dr. Bollen presided. The Rev. R. Kelley gave in a report reasons for erecting the churchy there being none other nearer than the Wesleyan Church at the Semaphore. The financial statement showed that the payments had been £1,155, of which £116 was for land and title, £16 for furnishings, £32 for organ, £115s. for numbering seats, and £990. total cost of building. To meet this there had been general receipts £124 3s., and promises £24 10s. 6d. Loans had been obtained for £300 at 7 per cent., £610 at 8 per cent., and £18 free of interest. Briefly they hoped to "raise altogether bythe end of the services say £200, leaving about £1,000 as a debt. The Revs. T. McNeill, R. Lang, S. Raymond (Primitive Methodist), John' Price (Baptist), and R. Kelley severally addressed the meeting, which was interesting and successful. A Sunday-school is to be opened immediately. The Willunga dredger has been working the whole of the year at the outer bar, and has nearly removed it to a width of 300 feet by 3,600 in length, giving a depth of 20 feet at low water. She has raised for the year a total of 195,100 cubic yards. No. 4 Dredger was launched a few months ago, and when her machinery was fitte:! went to work. At first she was not foimd to work very well, and considerable alterations had to be made in her machinery. She is now, however, doing very well, and can break up and raise the limestone crust without any difficulty. A great deal of work had been done in the dock for the Marine Board in the way of buoys, beacons, moorings, etc., etc. ; and all the vessels, steam-launches, dredgers, and machinery are in good working order. A man named Stephen Botheras has been drowned at Moonta Bay. On New Year's night Botheras was the worse for liquor, and probably fell overboard from the ketch Normanville. The body was recovered two days afterwards, with the face completely eaten by fish. We deeply regret to hear that Mr. Cleave, of the firm of Messrs. Cleave and Hardy, is very seriously ill with rheumatic fever. The Crownthorpe has brought three purebred and high-pedigreed greyhounds for coursing pu. poses. The Edithburgh bazaar in aid of the Institute funds has been held with success, and will be re-opened in March with the unsold goods. BUSINESS ENGAGEMENTS.—G. R. Selth and Co. will sell, This Day, at the Jetty Hotel, Semaphore, at 3 p.m. sharp, Land, Largs .Bay, Lefevers Peninsula; and Chas. Hams, at the Mart, Nile-street, at 3 o'clock p.m., Furniture, etc. Host Sayers, of the Port Hotel, mindful of the many friends he has made among the masters of ships trading to the Port, drn-rng^ the comparatively short period he has conducted his present business, issued a number of invitations tor Wednesday evening last. He had prepared a bountiful table, covered with every delicacy that the season suggests, and a pleasant company sat down to partake of his hospitality, Mr. J. 1. King occupying the chair, and Captain Nicholson the vice-chair. After dealing with the more substantial portion of the report, a programme of toasts was entered upon, which comprised not only the usual loyal and constitutional toasts, but also several having special reference to Port interests. " Success to the Port Hotel and the Host," was duly honored, and drew out a neat little speech from Mr. Sayers, in the course of which he adverted to comparatively recent entrance upon Port life, after having held a position in the Railway Department under Government, on his retirement receiving a memento (a handsome gold watch) which he cherished as a mark of the estimate placed on the performance of his duties there. He had formed a great many friendships at the Port, and had succeded beyond his expectation ; and he had endeavored strictly to carry out the resolve he had made when entering upon hotel business, to act conscientiously, and always do his best to deserve public patronage. He thanked the company for the honor they had done him, and regretted that the attendance had not been much larger; but he had received quite a number of apologies, because of business engagements. The remainder of the evening was occupied by songs and speeches, and the company dispersed in good time.—It should be mentioned that Mr. Sayers has made very large additions to the hotel recently, of a very substantial and convenient character, to meet the requirements of his growing business. The total receipts of the Seamen's Union, Sydney, on account of the Strike Fund were " £3 000, and the disbursement £2,100, a credit balance of £850. The Queensd receipts amounthd to £70Q and the "ture to £300, leaving a balance of the good. The action of the Bulli Company in locking out the men has been followed by the Mount Keira and Mount Pleaaant Companies. Nearly a thousand men are affected by this step The question of the Bulli Company's seamen who struck work sooner than supply the A.S.N. Company with coals will also be considered by the Board. William Hodge (sen of Mr. Hodge, butcher, of Glanville) fell off the Jervois Bridge while fishing on Tuesday morning, January 7, and was drowned. The body was ihortly afterwards recovered. An inquest was held at the Australian Clubhouse, Port Adelaide, the same afternoon. Deceased, who had a spur on his boot, caught it in the net and overbalanced himself, falling into the stream, when he cried out " Save me !" He was fourteen years old, and served as a butcher's boy to his brother. After going the rounds his mother gave deceased permission to go crabbing for half an hour. Deceased could swim. A verdict of accidental death was returned. We hear that some lads have been guilty of stealing the clothes of ladies and children whilst they were bathing at the Semaphore Beach » and a few days ago we heard of three hunking larrikins watching their opportunity when a man was bathing at the end of the jetty, and rifling his pockets. Dr. Basil Tudor Craig has been warmly re ceived by the Anglicans of Mount Gambler on entering upon his incumbency there. The Batavia, sugar laden, kept too much inshore by the mate, stranded on Thursday morning a little south of Point Malcolm, in sight of the Semaphore. She bedded on sand and sea-weed and got off without material injury at high tide on the following night. . Avery interesting meeting took place recently in connection with the Lodge of Unity, 598 (E. C.), Port, when Senior Wa-den, ; Brother John Westover, who had been elected Worshipful Master of the Lodge for the ensuing year, was duly installed. There were about 90 brethren present, including the R.W. Deputy District Grand Master and Grand Lodge Offices of the English Constitution, with the R.W. the Deputy Provincial Grand Master, with Grand Lodge officers of the Scotch Constitution; also, the R W. Master and Officers of the Adelaide Lodge, 341 (S. C.), Port Adelaide, and representatives of the Irish Constitution. The usual business living Lesn disposed of by retiring Master. Brother Martin, the very impressive ceremony of installation was proceeded with. Brother H. E. Downer, Deputy Provincial Grand Master, officiating. This being concluded, the brethren were entertained at a banquet, pro- vided by Bro. R. Sayers, Port Hotel, in a very creditable manner, the Worshipful Master pre* siding, supported by the R.W.D.D. Grand Masters of the English and ScotchConstitutions. A brief programme of toasts . jeas gone through, including the health of the Master,>wfio received the congratulations of the Deputy Provincial Grand Master and his Lodge and sister Lodges upon his accession to the high office, and upon the general efficiency of the Lodge. The evening pleasantly closed in the Visual manner. A telegram from Wallaroo, January 9th, says—'' The Royal Shepherd put in to Wallaroo to-day having been disabled on her passage from Tumby Bay to Port Augusta. Last night about 7 o'clock a fire broke out on board, but by great exertion it was kept under, although considerable damage was done. It is said that the water get too low in the pipes, which got heated and set the wood in the bunkers on fire. The intense heat has been the cause of cracking the boiler, and the vessel consequently arrived under sail, ; Joseph Raiden, charged with inflicting grievjous bodily harm upon Mrs. Catherine Hamilton, on Saturday night, January 4, has been commit^ ! ted to take his trial at the Supreme Court. On Thursday a hungry shark was. caught in the vicinty of the Tfing Cedric at the Semaphore anchorage. Its measurements were 13 feet long, by a circumference in the thickest part of its bodf of 6-ft. 6-in The " interesting stranger" was to be brought up to the Port for inspection, butfdeeomposition setin too rapidly. We have been favored by Captain Minchin, of the King Cedric (hailing from St. John's, New Brunswick), with a few further particulars. There was an ordinary fishing line out, at which the shark (bottlednose species) made a grab. This being observed, a proper steel shark-hook was bent to a .threesinch bowling line, and baited with a large piece of pork. In ten minutes the dainty morsel had fulfilled its mission, and the fish was hooked; Under the Captain's direction, the men "played'* the monster until it was too tired to be frolicsome, when another line with running noose was slipped over its fins, and 26 men were clapped on at the capstain, and the shark was brought up. cheerily O ! to the cat-head. A third line was., passed over its tail, and the rascal was secured from mischief. The tail measured two feet four inches across ; its dorsel fin stood up 18 inches; its side fins were 18 inches long; and it had a. nice array of eight rows of teeth in suchi first-rate order that they would have been a credit to any dentist in the colony! When the dead fish began to smell badly, the head, tailj| and two fins were cut off and preserved, and will! no doubt be inspected with some curiosity when! brought up to the Port. It was a female shark, and the male appears to have hovered around afterwards on a commission of enquiry, amusing himself by taking off the steward's line. The, Captain keeps a hook ready to receive miswidower properly. It is something to think of, a man from this self-same, vesssel attempting to get; away a short time ago on a couple of planks lashed togethfer, with a supply of 5 lbs. of salt beef and a few biscuits. Perhaps it is fortunate; for him that he was caught by the Captain, or he might have been some way through the process of digestion, instead of performing at his; ease on the rations Her Majesty provides in such cases! 