TELEGRAPHIC IN2-ELL1QENOE. fAUSTRALIA* PRIBS AOBKOT.J SYDNEY. Wedkbbbkt. Tie '..Commissioners of the Hew South 'Wales -Exhibition have Reared -a'fiespateh from St. Petersburg, notifying that, - wing to the distence of Sydney and the neareeesef the opening of-the Exhibition, the Russian Govercment are nnabb to cooperate. Similar intimations have been received -from Spain, Natal, and Mauritius; hut the 'Government of the latter Affords encouragement. Representations have beensade by private firms that, as German; took ne part iu the Paris. Exhibition, <jt is believed that it wili be largely represented here. Lottie was announoed as 'the winner of tfhe Mayor's Cnp for the Open ®eat Bace, but was disqaati£ed. C&rloUa;, the nfi^t in, was declared .the winner. A deputation from ChEnese*merchaots, acootnpanied -Ay several commercial gentlemen, waited to-day on Sir Henry Parket, offering their services -to asiist lhe Government in suppressing vice and immoEsSity amongst the lower dsas of Chinese, The Premier promised to communicate himself with the head of the police, and Ascertain whether -such assistance would be accepted. .He stated that the authorities relied to same aztent upon the 'Chinese-receiving assistance bom -the other residents. The Treasurer intimated to-nightithat he would table the estimates to-morrow and make his •financial .statement on Wednesday next. The Sydney Corporation Bill occupied .nearly the whole of the sitting. The Assembly .decided to tax Government property to the limit.of city rate, which is£xed at 2s in the pound. BRISBANE. WSBSAEOIY. A man died yesterday from lod^aw, caused by a cut which -he accidentally received whileaiding in « bus. Judgment hoc been given in the case ,ef the 3fformanby .Company v Corfield, Pateman, And Co. ^Southampton, iu Savor of the defendants. A deputation (from the anti-Chinese movement waited on Ur WiiUiams, the local manager of the companies affected by the late strike, and urged that the men 4?ho had sided with the Union, should not be pursued vindictively. AUCKLAND. WEDXESO.IV. A treaty of commcrce between Germany aad Samoa was signed on the 25th January. It resembles the Americas treaty, with additional provisions that the laws and taxes affecting Germans shall not be imposed without consulting the German authorities. Mr Coombes, of the firmof Coombes and Dalby, has been found drowned in a well, supposed to result fromsuicide. ADELAIDE, WEDNESDAY. Active measures are being taken for the destruction of rabbits throughout tie country. Through the depression in the copper market the Moonta mine is still further reducing hands. The operations in the Eapunda mine, having been suspended, Captain Osborne has resigned, and will presently proceed to New Caledonia to take charge of the Belade mines. The city council are urged to hurry the deep drainage. A contractor named B&fferty; has been burnt iu a bush-fire in Fortlington district. HOBAET TOWN, WEDXESDAT. The constitutional difficulty between both Houses has been satisfactorily arranged. In the Council It was stated that there was no desire to infringe on the rights and privileges of die Lower House. The Assembly agreed to pass a bill for three months supply on the estimates of the present year in lieu el ihott Of last year, as presented. 