gtcmii af JjUiPS. The Prince of Wales. — The iude- fatigable George Collins lievey has - inter viewed tfce Prince of- Wales.' and, according to our cablegram. His .Royal "Hi'jrhnAAg has wished the Melbourne International Exhibi- tion every success. No mention apars to have been' made- respecting the /.talked oL Royal visit to Victoria. "Toe AoEin'-GBtrBRAifiBiF. — By - Our latest European cablegrams, it will be seen that the necessity for paying .A high salary to an Agent-General has, focA-Jo me„At .any, rate, been avoided. The Hon. H. E. Ohilders, who appears to hold this colony :in grateful- remembrance, has accepted the office without pay. So long as we can retain the services of so influential an English statesman, it will be foUy to think of giving the office to any of our Liberal hangers-on to place and pay. A Burst Up. — The driver and fireman of an engine on the Horsham line would ap pear, by our Horsham telegram, to have had a verv narrow escape indeed yesterday, the engine on which they were standing having blown up. The locomotive was, com paratively speaking, a new one, having been manufactured at Eall&rat; in 1874, and it will be. necessary for a strict - enquiry to be made. Should it be" elicited tliat the bursting was the result of bad workmanship, the accident will tend to shake public confidence in' the colonial-made article which, we have fre quently heard, costs us more originally, and more to keep in good order than imported locomotives. Prize Fighting. . — Messrs. Foley, Mace, . and .Thompson, must have felt ex tremely uncomfortable, 'when arrested in Syd- . ney yesterday, and remanded to Deniliquin. Bail has been accepted for their' due appear ance at the last-mentioned town, but sliould their up- country trip necessitate absence, from tbe Randwick race meeting, we should not feel surprised to hear that tneir recogni-' sauces have been estreated. The police have been blamed lor not preventing a prize fight on the secluded banks of the Murray — wliat will people say' when they read in our tele grams that two men fought for an hour and i a- half on Sunday, in one of the most fashion- ' able suburbs of Melbourne, without bring officially interfered with.' ' ' Banquet to ' Mb. Ex-CouNciLLoa : jacoby. — a meeting "of the committee ap pointed to carry out the necessary arrange- ' ments for a farewell banquet to Mr. Jacoby. was held in the Council Cnambers yesterday afternoon. Present— Messrs. A. T. Dickens (chairman), Bree, Thomson, < ncker, Sergeant. Kingk, shields, and the hon. secre tary, Mr. Smith. Mr. Smith stated that Mr. Brayshay was on the point of leaving Hamilton on business, and had declined undertaking the responsibility of catering for the banquet, bo he, Mr. Smith,had communi cated with Mr. Mills, of the Commercial Hotel, who had promised to arrange every- ' thing satisfactorily. The chairman said that the first thing to be done was to consider which was the most desirable room in which tbe banquet could be held. I his led to some conversation, audseveralplaces were proposed. Mr. Thomson thought the Town Hall would be the best place in which it could be held, as this was a public affair. Mr. Bree coin cided with the last speaker, especially as Mr. Jacoby had been a member of the borough council. It was therefore resolved on rue motion of Mr. Thomson, seconded by Mr. Bree, that tbe banquet should be held in the Town Hall. On tbe motion of Mr. Sergeant, M.L.A., seconded by Mr. Thomson, it was decided that as the Mayor would unavoid ably be absent, the ex-Mayor (Mr. JL S. Bree) should preside, and that Mr. A. Christie, president of the Shire, and Mr. W. Thomson should be invited to take the vice chairs. The list of toasts having been ar ranged, the meeting terminated. Progress of ballarat. — The metro politan gold-field appears, to be in a particu larly healthy state just now, and commercial travellers pronounce it td be the soundest place for business encountered by them in their rounds. The quantity of goods absorbed by Ballarat is something enormous, and money cannot be so very tight when a large percentage of the traders are buying at a month, instead of taking the customary three months' credit. The shops and business establishments seem to be doing a roaring trade, aud there are very few premises to let. The streets of Ballarat are alive with traffic, and the pavements are lively with pedes trians. So far as we know, this improved tone is not due to any wonderful increase in tbe yield of gold, but is attributable to the fact that Ballarat is beginning to depend upon other sources of prosperity than the produce of the mines. Agriculture is making great strides all round Ballarat, and a great breadth of country is under cultivation. The local industries employ a considerable popu lation, and constitute a source of permanent prosperity. But in the opinion of many of the residents, the extension of the railways in new directions has brought to Ballarat a considerable accession of trade, even the most distant feeders conveying from far-off Hor sham, St. Arnand, Portland, Hamilton, and other places visitors who in times past never thought of sojourning in Ballarat. A New Way to Burn Stubble.— The farmers of the Wimmera seem to have inven«ied a -peculiar method of getting rid of their stubble, preparatory to ploughing the ground for a fresh crop, or, at any rate, the plan, if not new, is one we have never before witnessed. In many of the paddocks along the line of railway, a. pair of horses may be observed dragging behind them what appears to be a portable bush-fire. On closer inspeo- . tion it is seen that the horses are harnessed to an iron harrow clogged with burning straw. The harrow gathers up all the etubble as it goes along, and the straw is consumed as fast as it comes into the harrow. This mode of preparing the ground seems to answer re ' markably well in fields where the stubble is too thin to be removed by the ordinary method of burning off A JiosxER. — The advisability of a magisterial roster being formed was again illustrated, and painfully so too. to suitors, yesterday morning. Certainly there was only a small amount of business to be trans acted, bat this ought to have been diapngAd of, and those interested relieved from figuring attendance at the Court at which they vriS now have to re-appear. We are quite aware that two or three ol our great unpaid;" are very regular in their attendance the court ; indeed, their regularity would appear to have led their fellow-magistrates to constantly rely upon their presence on the Bench ; but'1 they should only be oallediUpon to do a fair share of the work. .To- ensure this, a roster should be agreed upon, which .would provide. , for the attendance of two magistrates on every court-day, and it is to be hoped this suggestion will be promptly .adopted in order to save farther annoyance. Public Works at Horshah. — The capital of the Wimmera appears to be basking in the sunshine of -Ministerial favour, ana the inhabitants are. in high feather at the large amounts now . in process of ' disburse ment for the improvement of the town. : &The; public "o t cos, the' walls of which are now nearly complete, will be a spacious block of buildings, Costing' briween £9000 and I £10.000. - The plan is something like that of the Hamilton public offices, -but on, a larger. Bcale, the frontage being 73 feet by fe depth of 52 feet. In addition to the rooms in the two storeys for the accommodation of .the postal telegraphic, survey, lands. aaoL recemt- aud pay departments, there is a battery room and other cool quarters underground, whilst a tali -clock-tower 70 feet high lifts its head for the purpose of telling the time of day. The ! Hpcsham .laBway -station, jrfneh isthe best on the line, will cost about and will be somewhat similar to the one at Hamilton. In our last issue, it ..was .intimated that a tender had been accepted for a new Court house at-Horshani, which is bound "to be -a commodious structure, a5 the' contract price without extras. Two distinct TOtetftdifjnes are also, being carried out kbHfgham - the one befog that of the Wim- 'mtorowhireiCouncil to $apply.the town with: \- water, -snd the «ther befog ah independent affair to accommodate the requirements of the., railway. The fi»tJnentipaed scheme yrili. cost about £9 000, «»» supply gallons in the twenty-four .hours,' . JVc have -already described these works, and it will here be sufficient to say that the pumping-:, engines are now bring put together ja: the shed greeted for the purpose 1 on" jthe'bank . of the Wimmera about a mile frouji thefqii, frhdiijf "tije filter-beds, are revingtiie finishing tbaches. ahdUialf of fiix -inch -mam's,- aad ttiree miles J of smaller mains, axe being laid down 'by the workmen, whilst the-tower which is erected 1 in the centre of the town, looks Iffce a repro duction of the Tower of Babel, with its nu merous storeys and windows, the: ' summit being crowned with an iron tank, to hold; 30,000 gallons. ' The railway "water scheme ha. not yet made much progress, - but the works are on a smaller Bcale, and the cost may be expected to be somewhere abont £3000, or perhaps a little more. Other water schemes, for the supply of localities oiiteide the .town, are in progress, jMuJdflro. "Wimmera' Shire Council "are expending,: £27,000 altogether, in providing water for .the -ratepayers. Altogether,-, the .handsome sum of £20,000 Is now being spent by Govern ment in public works within the town of Horsham, and more than double that amount -within the limits of the„Wimmere Shire. Sudden Death.— Quite a painful impression was created in' town on Sattfrdiiy when it . became known that :Mra. Thiel, of Thomson-street, wife of Mr. Wilhelm Thipl, had died suddenly in child-birth. ..As no medical man had been in attendance ' on uie deceased dating her accouchement, a magis terial enquiry was deemed necessary. ' This, was commenced yesterday by Mr. W. Thom son, J. P., who adjourned it, after taking some evidence, until Friday. It has been deemed inadvisable to publish the report until the enquiry has terminated. In the mean-' time it may be stated that the deceased was buried on Sunday, and sympathy has been expressed for the bereaved family, seven young children having been left to mourn the untimely loss of their mother. The Latest Dodge out. — Larri- kimsm faas— since the first institution of that too popular, order — assumed a variety i of shapes, but it has been left to some of the geuus in this locality to " out-Herod Herod." \Ye are informed that Mr. Caple, the fanner, recently , rejoiced in the possession of as fine a crop of potatoes as the eye of man could wish to see. "Suddenly, a most marvellous change took place in the appearance of the plants - from a healthy green they turned a sickly brown, shrivelled, and died- An en quiry into the root of the disease elicited the fact that it had no root ! . All the potatoes, had Jroen dug up and taken;, away, -and the : stalks being re planted, delayed detection of the abominable ohtrage that had been com mitted. We trus the police will exert them- selves, and see if they cannot sheet the crime ; home to the perpetrators. . Csicket. — At two o'clock sharp this afternoon, a match at cricket will be com menced between the Academicians and the members of our literary and composing staffs. Judging "from the" dis -composed" style dis played on Saturday by our representatives, we . should imagine tuat the Academicians will not have a very difficult task before them. We are, however, told that our men did not take their proper " form;e)6 " with them, and consequently could not get properly "set." They promise to defend their "sticks" better this afternoon, and if possible make " pie " of their youthful oppo nents. On Easter Monday, a match is to be played here between the Hamilton C.C. eleven and the sable representatives of tbe Condah Mission Station. Hobse Racing. — Lovers of this kind of sport will have a choice of meetings on Easter Monday, as races are to take place on that day at Fenshurst and Hochkircli. The Penshurst programme has not been published, but that for the Hochkirch annual meeting appears in our advertising columns. For so Email a place as Hochkirch, it has been framed ou a very .liberal scale, and should command the support of owners of " platers " in this district; The close proximity of the course to Hamilton will doubtless cause the attendance of visitors to be very large, es pecially as there will be nothing doing in town. AIasonig. — Mr. James J. Martin. P.M., has forwarded ns ai: circular, knforming ns that, "In view of the rapid grdwth and. in creasing importance of . the Masonic order in the colony, arrangements have been mde for the issue of a fortnightly publication, entitled the Victorian Freemason. The object is to consolidate the influence of the order, and to provide an accurate and reliable organ for the fliggfl rTii ailing of int.«Mfj7pnry , " Tbe Pianoforte Company. — It will be observed by an advertisement that the annual meeting of the above-named company is to be held on Wednesday evening. Hamilton Young Men's Christian Association. — A general meeting of the members of the above association was held in the ddfeliow's Hall, Kennedy-street, on Friday evening last, when the following gentlemen were elected office-bearers for the ensuing session President, Mr. John Ser geant, M.L.A. ; Vice-Presidents, lie vs. J. K. Maonrn11a.il, H. .Robinson, and Mr. H. M 'Donald ; Secretary, Mr. John Thomson ; Treasurer, Mr. Smith ; Minute Secretary, Mr. Brake ; Committee, Messrs. Tillyer, A. Greed, Brake, Naveau, iL Cross, S. Dear- month, Marshall, J. T. Kennedy, A. Arnott, and T. Brown. Fire. — The Warmambool Guardian reports the total destruction by fire of Mr. Henry Phillips'- -boiling down establishment at Bryan O'Lynn, on Thursday morning. From Mr. Phillips we have ascertained that about three o'clock in the morning he was aroused by information that the place was on tire, and on proceeding there found the roof in a perfect blaze. It was impossible to get near the building, and the wnole structure, which was of wood, and pretty well saturated with grease, soon tot lly succumbed to the flames. The plant (considered one of tbe most valuable in this district), was valued at £3900, and was insured in the Victorian Company for £1500. (here is not the slightest clue to the origin of the fire. he building was situated about a quarter of a mile from the homestead, and the first notice was given by Jemmy Dawson and his wife, aboriginals who reside on the station. Caramut must be a healtby place. By the gazetted accounts of the cemetery trustees for 1S7S, we observe that only £1 was received, as fees for graves during the twelve months, the expenditure during the same period, being fourpence, leaving the credit balance at £10 17s 2d. i he Caramut trustees certainly appear to manage their : business better than those who occupy a ' similar position with respect to the cemetery at Inyerleigb, whose balance-sheet is the next on the list. The fees for graves, &c.;, received at Inverleigh during the year amounted to £2 15s, against which there was a charge of £2 10s for salaries; £1 for office expenses ; also, £2 for works. An in crease in the death rate will be' necessary to keep the.Invedeigh' trustees on the right side of the ledger. Stock and. Stations.— Messra. Grif fiths and Weavjer report having sold the Morrill Creek station, Tarlilan district, New South Wales, with 16,200 sheep,. 3390 aires purchased land, plank for the' lump sum of £20.000, on account of -Messrs. lk-aud J. Ramsay.. . ' ; . Captain mopblnft" j alias, Scott," who has recently been discharged from Pent- ridge, evidently has bis Wjjta' about him. He , was sent to Pentridge for seven years for robbing a bank at Egerton, end 'now means to make money ont of the prison itself. To morrow he is to lecture in the -Alfred Hall at Ballarat, oa" Seven Years in Pentridge, in- tended'to provethat Pentridge is a university of crirhe, where tyranny and .injustice are practised, to the wmntryis cost and ehame." The lecture will last two hoars, and the novelty of- the whole affair will, no donbt, , draw a large audience. \- Oholkka at Balla&ax.; — It is- satis- factory toleam that Mr. S. H. Marshall, of Ballarat, did not, as at first feared,'- die from Asiatic cholera. Writing on , the .subject to the Ballarat qiapeiSr .Dr-'-j Bunce, .11.1 ca Officer of Health, says s — "A tumourhavinS obtained circulation that the late Mr. 6. H Marshall dierj from Asiatic cholera, I think it light to allay public apprehension by stating that the cause of death wafi "what is tndwn as ordinary 'English cholera, a disease that occurs during summer in inost towns in ihe colony, and which is seldom fatal. -There 4s really . no cause to fear infection." Deputy Hegis'trah— Miss Annie Thurman has been appointed to act us deputy registrar of births and deaths, at Coleraine. during the absence on leave of Mr. G- Thur- " The Land. afo.&pplications; ap .proved. — Licenses f section 19)— J. M'Lean, Njjllan ; 3. H. Bobbins, Ashens ; A. Lowe, Xfioyarrok ' Walker, LilUmnr Jtyan, Jung-Jung ; D. and H. Brewer, "Nullawarre ;' W. Readp Mtpu£gafL-'lf-'fl. Scott and W. Wiekenton, ' Loang Hobfrt Stajj, Narra- watnrk. Section 19 ) — E . O . RonHteC Nullan. (Section 47) —A. Patterson, ' Watlup' ' W. Myles, Horsham. Leases section 20j—H. D. Sprott, Werrigar ; 3. ' urner, Dunmririkle ; .-DOwens, jNnSan ; J. D. Topper, Rupanyup; "U. Hales, Qnaatong ; ' H. '-R. Humphries, Baheallah ; S. Eichards, 'Gritjurk ;' Wi Tay lor, Bessiebelle. . Shocking Suicide.— For some consi I derable time past, as we learn from the -droits, the Rev. T. C. _Cole,.M. A, the Church of. England, pastor in charge of .the Malvern and i 0£kleigh districts, had been subject to recur- Vent' attafcks of melancholia of a most distress- ing nature, and great anxiety was mmnfeted bv his friends as to the ultimate result of the mental strain which was involved. So serious did his condition become, that a few mbntb ago leave of absence from lus. clerical duties was grauted'to him, in theLbpe that a relief from his arduous duties might terminate <in his recovery. -With a view of trying the.-, effect of change of scene and associations, he abont a fortnight ago became an inmate of his father's house at Hawthorn, but he be came no better, and on Friday last, dorjpgau, interval of temporary insanity, he committed suicide by strangling himself, in the most determined manner. Previously ne naa manifested no symptoms of a suicidal ten dency, and although his friends watched bun to a certain extent, in order to prevent his accidentally coming to any harm, still no attempt was made to place him under actual 'restraint. At about 2 o'clock m the after noon, tbe reverend gentleman appears to have resolved upon depriving himself of existence, and it would appear that he fook great pmnb to prevent the frustration of his suicidal intention. At the rear of the house in which he was residing is a stack of wood of unusual dimensions and he seems to have climbed on to the top of it, and in the centre -removed a sufficient quantity of wood to enable him to descend into the space which the timber had previously occupied: He then appears to have placed a silk handkerchief, tied together at tbe ends, round his neck, and then with a piece of wood formed a tourniquet, so to speak, and firmly twisted up the hand kerchief until asphyxia occurred. The un fortunate gentleman was very much respected, and his loss will be greatly felt by many use ful societies, in the advancement of which he took a lively interest. Interesting to Selectors. — Tn re ference to the case fo which the registrar of titles refused to register the transfer of an allotment of land sold under a writ of/, /a., on the ground that the sanction of tbe Go vernor in Council was required, the Riverine Herald says, if the objection is sustained, "another very serious blow will have been struck at the credit of selectors. Under snch conditions no one will eve to incur the risk of pikfog advances' on the security of Crown leases, unless at exorbitant rates of interest. nd it will have an injurious effect in another way. urchasere at sheriffs sales will become scarce and sby. No one Trill care to give anything like the real'value of a selection, with the knowledge that after he has obtained the sheriffs transfer he may be unable to obtain the Minister's, andtbus fail to secure a title. The decision of the Court will therefore be looked for with more than usual interest. The difficulty has arisen 'entirely from the usurpation by the Minister of Lands of powers which belong solely to the Legislature. There is no ' authority whatever in the Land Act for the insertion of such a condition in selectors' leases. The act clearly contemplates that when a selector has passed his probationary period of three years under license he shall be entitled to demand and obtain a title with which the Board of Land and Works shall have 110 power to interfere. This title may be in the form of a Crown grant, or, if more con venient to the selector, in the form of a lease, but in either case its effect as against the Crown is intended to be the same. . . « Only a few months ago Mr. Longmore issued a batch of leases containing- another condition, which was quite as much beyond the power of the Governor in Council to impose as that which has been brought under tbe notice of the Supreme Court. It was to the effect that in the event of the land leased bring required for railway purposes the lessees should be entitled to demand not more than £1 per acre by way of compensa tion. Some of the selectors, having no sus picion that they were being imposed upon, executed their leases as a matter of form. But attention having been drawn to the illegality, a large number positively refused to accept tbe new condition, and the result was that Mr. LoDgmore was compelled to give way. We presume when those who relied upon the good faith of tbe Government have occasion to demand compensation for land taken for railway purposes, they will be told that, having accepted the illegal condi tion, they are 'bound by it, and that if they ; did not like it at the time it was their busi- , ness to have refused to execute the leases, and compelled the Crown to issue proper ones. We submit that selectors have a right to be protected against snares of this kind." By our telegram it will be seen that the Supreme Court has given its decision, and the only proper one it could, our corres pondent to the contraiy notwithstanding. — JEd. H. S. \- Open for Selection, on and after tbe 12th of April, at 9 a.m.: — 604 acres, allot 1, Benayeo ; 20 acres, more or less, part allot 14a, Enmeralla, kxpbrimbnts on Fluky Sheep.— On Saturday, Messrs. J. Finlay, John Simson, W. Camming. George Aitken, and A. Lincolne, members of the National Agricultural Society of Victoria, with the secretary, proceeded to Avenel, for the purpose of inspecting the sheep purchased and placed in the hands of Mr. Fletcher, to be operated on for ihe cure of fluke. There were also present : — Messrs. James Turn- boll, of -enaila ; Riohard Peny, district inspec tor of stock; and Charles Manon, V.S. The Argus famishes the following account of what took place:— "The yard, which had been arranged by Mr. Fletcher, was replete with the necessary conveniences for handling, killing, and dissecting the sheep. There were 48 sheep provided, out of which four were chosen by the gentlemen present, bring a fair average of the lot, and killed. Two were full-mouthed merinoes, one a two-tooth and one a four-tooth crossbred. All proved to be fluky, and from the liver of one 210 fluke were taken, Mr. Marson, V.S., operating at the disseoting table. Twenty-five sheep were then specially marked, and dressed with the curative ointment, the time occupied being only a few seconds each, thus leaving 19 sheep undressed, which will be allowed to run with those under treatment. Five dressings, one week apart, will, it is expected, test the remedy, and the sheep will then undergo an inspection by tbe same committee, on which oc casion the whole of the sheep will be killed. Due notice will be given to enable any one inte rested to be present A sample of the fluke, in. spirits, taken from the four sheep, may be seen at the office of the society, Kirk s i <azaar, Mel bourne. The party returned to Melbourne, arriving about 9 p.m." ... Tbosk Wicked Wealthy Classes: — The Ballarat Star furnishes the following : — ."Ji has been reserved for Mr. H. I'ril, M ?. a rtovannoimrt - the 6tarthn& intelligence ;fo the electors of Ballarat -West that, those in his opinion unutterably- wicked people, the wealthy classes of this colony who are generally supposed by loyal Hboab to be the -only opponents of Mr. berry and his followers, have scraped to gether the nice little sum of £100,000 for the., purpose of buying the next general election. This information he afforded to the Western bran oh of the -uallarat National Reform League, .which was inaugurated on Saturday night at the Western hotel, Sturt-rtreet, and. we need not say that it has about as much foundation in fact as most of the other canards which emanate from the lively imaginations of some of the representatives of loyal-liberalism in Victoria. TaBWEstEBN Country. — Acorrespon- dent&om;&heBuike; River informs us (Northern. Standard) that the year 1379 . has commenced 'veiy badly for that portion of the North Gregory. He eaye; — " Four men have been murdered by 1 tile blacks, and one is presumed to have perished through want of water, which is a sad tale to relate. Mr. D..Mackay, who, with Mr. Stuart, of Mitchell Downs, stocked some country lately on the Templeton, a' branch of the Herbert, started 'by' some three weeks ago hum : ins cam ii on the Herbert to look forwater. and liav not been seen once' ; his tracks were Mowed for some distance, but without success. In Novem. ber last's mob pf .rattle belonging to Mr." "W. Beckett arrived on "WiUs's Creek, and formed a station on a branch creek. The party consisted of a person in charge, Bernard Malvo, and three' men, Jaines Kelly, Henry utter, and Thomas Holmes. A week ago all here were startled by news coming down of all four "having been murdered by the blacks ; the native police, as is the usual thing, were away, but a party started tip at once to see if the other people on "Wills' Creek were alive. Their arrival is now anxiously looked for, when I hope to be able to forward fulTparti- culare. The native police here— consisting of a sub-inspector, camp sergeant, and five boys- have two rifles ; in fact, the whole turn ont is a disgrace .to the Government.'' Our correspon dent goes on to say that it was a shocking tight ; everything was done that could be to bury the remains decently, and lie expresses a wish that a native police officer, such as D'Arcy Uhr or X 11\. Ieley, could be stationed there. Mount Gaubiek Autumn Show.— Although the erhihits of wheat at the above show, held on Thursday, were not so numerous a? a the Hamilton exhibition, there were some very fine samples. In its report the Border natch "says Agriculture! . produce was only, poorly represented, " wheal ' hahg' itestrieted ic three lots,'oats to. three "ibter grass to one'ldtl and potatoes 'to 19 lota. Barley, peas,' and clover were nnrmnesented. The wheat ah own was very good, the first prize sample being as gwd as however, chine from Millioent V duce of an old Mount farmer-M tixoH It turned the scale at 684 lb« should think, will be rarllv The two other lots were iIi?Sjtlil'9H They both came from Yahl. JiQH fair, the best sample makuw sm? Umpherston showi £ U produce of a recent 5?- TJey made the eicdw" 9 68 lbs. per bushel. The sarnT exhibited a bag of well-gro ifl potatoes shown were excellent dication of the drought they W For round potatoes there and for collections/ three. close. Among the collections neties, as yet little cultivated. wZu g>e IS.4® favour : that of M? ticularly worthy of WIS. "We two lots-one light the othe dSPfSM Mr. Eglinton. These their size only. Eaoh bag — the one weighed 118 lbs. andtaSL1111 They came off ground ground springs. Then and Now— Writing ata/H quick passage made by the 4BM the Adelaide corresrendent rfS 'VH Watch says For the fcTti 1 £ and O. Company have had the carrying tlie mails between <W 'this greater Britain of the SouthnB coarse of post will be under 80 written in London on February 14 J in Adelaide yesterday afternoon; were forwarded by the outoin? £? "NS closing of the mails having purpose. The voluminous new this morning's paper is only 3y plies to the correspondence tec steamer are now tax oat at seaonVH Assam, which left Glenelg st last night, so that allowing (42 days) for the homeward ne delivered in London just go to which they axe a reply have The smallness of the world is apparent day by day. When these colonies we made a 93 days' that was considered a fast run but now we can come and go. and ktj in Australia, in less time." A MUNKEY AT TBE OFEm.! not often that a pet monkeyis takeBfo opera, but such was the case at the on Saturday night, when two znemWTB gentler sex, both Intoxicated, antRr crush to escape the vigilance of the at the dress circle entrance, and to selves well forward towards the sfaT iH (says the Argus) ' one of them pn <jS monkey attached td"her wrist little beast's antic wanderings " oreit | attracted the attention of all who I and alarmed and disgusted many who rrfH toit. The attention of the manager Ft having been directed to the occurred 31 ; quested the offenders to withdraw jbbii I refused, and as the opera Jud cLJ9H nothing further was done until' the Airst act, when the order was repeat time backed by the presence of police, but it was of no avail, and WwiH oe gently but iinniy applied. WheacaJSM been thus removed, the other-Hbhe dafifl singe — followed quietly. Thjr restored to them, and they were left t SSI some more congenial haunt. The said to belong to Sydney. ' rh 