FORESTRY Atlas Eucalypti. WE are in receipt of a further instalment of four lithographic plates of eucalypti, designed for Baron yon Mueller's atlas on that complex genus of Australian trees. The Government of Western Australia, acknowledging the importance at tine work, hare liberally placed sufficent funds, at the Baron's diapoaal for the publication forty lithographic plates of species peculiar that colony Baron yon, Mueller justly. pointy out the unreasonableness of expecting the Victorians to bear the whole expense of such a national undertaking, and no doubt were out government to make the necessary application to the Chief Secretary of Victoria all the eucalypts peculiar to. Queensland would be included in the atlas add monograph. Bearing in mind the Import- ance of this genus and the vast wealth which must ere long accrue to us from the products obtainable from its numerous specie by distil- lation aad other means, such as potash, tar, acetic add, essential oils, perfumes, and others It wduld be false economy- to grudge a- small ex- peaditure towards' the elaboration of such a highly remunerative object. Our own Board of Enquiry into diseases in live stock And plants, would we are certain lend their hearty co-opera- tions towards the attainments speciments for this purpose, and their many corresporidents scattered over the whole area of Queensland would no doubt gladly assist The four species figured are 1\. E. haemastoma, Smith; 2. E. melliodora Cunn ; 3. E. obliqua, l'Heritier ; 4. OdoHata, Behr. E. haemastoma, Smith—popularly, known. as blackbutt—is a fine tree attaining to a height of over 200 ft The bark is smooth and deciduous and after shedding it the trunk has* spotted' Or variegated appearance. Individual trees qfttfefc species have been often found half barked, whiah means that for a height of sometimes 10ft, to 12ft from the ground the trunk is covered with sometime a rough and raucous cortex, and at others with a soft papery bark, the trunk or hole seeming to grow out of this rough belt like the second joint of a telescope. Although this tree is sometimes called blackbutt, it bat in reality no claim to the name. Blackbutt never occurs except in flooded country- we speak of northern Queensland—and we have never seen this tree in such a situation in the North. It occurs in New South Wales Victoria, but we believe variety will be found in Queensland E. malodorous Cunn ) is a moderate sized tree with smooth bark of pale leaden color (A. Cunningham). scaling off gradually in the upper branches, according C. Moore; furrowed and persistent according to F. V. Muller in Queensland this specifies to popularity known as red gum but its vulgar name is the yellow box tree of artisan. In reality its specific name means the honey-scented eucalypt, a name which by the by could be given to nearly all individuals of the Myrtles, if the smell of blossoms alone were considered. This tree is well worthy, the fosteriug care of our forest conservators (of the future) on account of the toughness and dura- bility of its close-grained timber. An equitable perfume is obtainable from its leave equatable distillation. It is a native of New South Wales and Victoria, but could be easily: introduced into our own colony E. obliqua (I'Héritier) is popularly known in Viotoria as the messmate stringy- bark tree from the ease with which its wood can be split into rails and shingles, besides being what may very appropriately be called an all-round wood for the purposes of bush carpentry. it has become an almost indispenable adjunct to the Victorain bushmsn. It grows with wonderfull facility from seed, and pollard-trees shoot up with a marvellous rapidity. Its stringy bark is in our opinion its best protection against the fearfully devastating effects of bush-fires, although no doubt the young saplings would suffer and perhaps be killed by such a visitation. We cannot coincide with the learned Baron's stated opinion that," the easy ignition of its fibrous bark leads to the destruction of older tree.'' We have seen so many trees saved from destruc- tion by the very fact of their bark having this fibrous quality that we have come to the con- clusion that this is merely another adaptation of nature, or, to speak plainly, ''the survival of the fittest" The fact that stringy-bark tress cover our ranges throughout Queensland—tracts which are always most densely timbered, and where the grass being very tall and rank bush fires rage annually with fearful force—is suffciently in- struetive to lead us to the foregoing conclusion This moderately-sized tree is a native of Vie- toria and South Australia. We have now considered the foregoing species ef eucalypts as forwarded to us by the learned Baron, and will merely state in conclusion that we wish him every success in his arduous task Specimens ( flower and fruit) of all the Queensland eucalypts are, as we have previously intimated, solicited by Baron yon Mueller, and we trust that gentleman having the future wel- fare of the colony at heart will devote some of their leisure hours to this subject. From our correspondent at the Burke river we have received intelligence of Opal, the black- boy who, as readers of '' An Explorer's Diary'' will remember, waa supposed to have deserted the Queenslander Trans-continental Survey party' The account Opal gives of himself, our corres- pondent writes, is that he was sent out after stray horses, that the one he was riding knocked up and died, and that he himself nearly perished for want of water. The blacks found him in an ex- hausted state, and carried him in to water, and after stopping with his sable brethren for about three months he was picked up by Mr. F. G. Johnson, who took him to the Burke river. It, waa Opal's intention at the time oar letter was despatched to join the native police, and out correspondent remarks that he "should think they would be glad to get him, as one of the boys bolted the other day/ The letter from which we quote is dated May 30. 