IN BANKRUPTCY. Before His Houor the Chief Justice. Thcrsdav, March 13, 1879. Counsel in Court — Mr. Leake, Q.C.,Mr. Burt (Stoue and Burt), and Mr. S. H. Parker. Tue examination of Frank de la Motte Jotiuston, an insolvent, was cuuunuea. On the court assembling, the Rev. T. C. Laurance, a practitioner of the court, ross and said he had a few words to say with reference to the demeanor of t'ie insolvent whilst undergoing previous examinations. The insolvent was desirous of iuforming the court that up to the present tiaie his health had been such as to deprive him of the power of recoguisiug the propriety of making a full disclosure of his affairs to his creditors. On more than one occasion during the past few days he had indulged iu the use of powerful drugs ; at the examination on Monday, in particular, he Was suavijujj from luioiciduse of laudanum, and at various tunes it had not been at all nnusual for him to take strychnine, whereby his nervous system had become greatly deranged. Having improved in health, and, as he had already said, fully realised the contempt he had exhibited to the court, he (the insolvent) was now prepared to explain all his transactions ana to give the court a clear insight into the whole of his affairs — speaking the ' troth, the whole truth, and nothing bat the truth.' His Honor was glad to hear that wise counsels had prevailed with the insolvent, and that at length he was prepared to make known the true state of his affairs. His Honor, however, was afraid that what insolvent urged with reference to the recent state of his mind would not avail him much, since letters which were in the possession of the court clearly showed that he (insolvent) had pursued a course of deception, thus removing any doubt of inadvertence. The court would be obliged to mark the contempt of which insolveut stood guilty, but the punishment the court would inflict would be apportioned ac cording to the future behaviour of the insolvent on his examination. Having animadverted upon the gross impropriety of the insolvent's conduct — laying par ticular stress upon the dishonourable conduct of the insolvent towards Mr. Hamersley with reference to the untruth ful story about the solemn oath on the Bible at James' Hotel, which insolvent now admitted was utterly fake — His Honor expressed his hope that the promises now made by him were sincere. Mr. Parker proceeded with the examina tion of the bankrupt, who said — I have not got the letters of the Ashburners permitting me to occupy the Canning properly, nor are they in the hands of a third person; I wrote to them offering £300 for the property, which offer was accepted, and it was promised that the deeds would be obtained and the convey ance drawn and sent out to me ; I have not received the transfer deed, and I must say that the last Letter of the Ashburners was rather evasive, and was couched in such terms as led me to think they wished to be off the bargain ; I received this letter in December, and previous to my negociation for the £150 loan from Mr. Moore ; the letter was burnt, with others, at the Canning by a bushfire, but I never communicated anything with respect to the loss of this letter or of Ashburners'' hist communication to Mr. Moore ; in fact I deceived him throughout. [The bank rupt was further examined as to the precaution he took in preserving his papers, and as to the meaning of certain propositions to creditors as to the dispo sition of his estate.] His Honor here administered a further caution to the bankrupt. His Honor thought his (the bankrupt's) future liberty depended a good deal upon whether the creditors got the Canning property or not Mr. Burt having examined the bank rupt on behalf of creditors he represented, Th6 bankrupt made a statement to the effect that he withheld the Canning property from his schedule with a view to obtain a large mortgage upon it and pay debts ; that he had made no further com munication to the Ashburners with reference to it, nor had Mr. Victor, or anyone else, to his knowledge. His Honor — The bankrupt might be committed until the production of the deeds. Mr. Ashburner could be asked whether he would complete tne transfer. Mr. Parker resumed his examination, which resulted in the bankrupt condemn ing his statements on previous examina tions as utterly untrue, and made with the object of deceiving. Having adopted a wrong course he had almost unconsciously followed it up. The bankrupt added that he had no interest in any other land except ' Belmont,' nor had he made any overtures to purchase any othor land on the Canning ; I sold Spencer's butter for less than its value, and I have not paid Spencer for it ; Jubb paid me £600 to become a partner at Barndon Hill ; I have drawn many cheques on the Union Bank —one for £60 — but I cannot say for what purpose, nor do I know where my cheque book is ; I have not had cattle at the south for the last twelve months, but I have offered fat beasts which I had not, to several parties in order to obtain an advance — among others to Messrs. Pearse and Osborne, and also to Mr. Parker. [The bankrupt greatly prevaricated in these statements, as well as many others of minor importance, which caused His Honor to again administer the bankrupt a sharp rebuke.] His Honor — I am afraid the name of the Rev. Mr. Laurance most be added to the list of persons whom the bankrupt has so unblushingly deceived. Bankrupt resumed — What I said at the liquidation meeting about my brother having a bill of sale upon cattle was untrue. No further progress was made with the examination of the bankrupt. His Honor severely condemned the conduct of the bankrupt, which he said he could not, in the interests of society and the country, overlook. The solemn effect of an oath on the Bible would be entirely demoralised, were persons giving evidence in that Court to be allowed to perjure themselves as he (bankrupt) had done. It would be necessary to keep the bank rupt in custody until the true state of affairs with regard to the Canning property was disclosed. His Honor accordingly directed the bankrupt to be kept in con finement until further order. 