fflyKffiwuto} g t m g . THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. — During the remainder of the session the Legislative Council will sit more frequently. There are to be two more sittings this week. To-day the Chief Secretary will move the second reading of the Constitution Amendment Bill, and on Thursday the Main Roads Bill, the Selectors' Mortgages Bill, and the Brands Bill are all to come on for the second reading. MARINE BOARD BILL.—In the Assembly on Tuesday Mr. Fowler proposed the insertion of a new clause in the Marine Board Bill for the repeal of the sections of the Marine Board Act of 1873 whicl^ provide for the inspection of donkey-engines on vessels and wharfs. The proposal was strongly resisted by the Government, but Mr. Fowler succeeded in carrying his point by a majority of six. Mr. Henning then moved the recommittal of clause 1, which enables the Treasurer to make regulations to define the duties of officers, with a view of striking it out. He made this proposal, he said, because he objected to the Treasurer carrying out his stated intention of giving the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties power to settle the size and description of jetties. The hon. gentleman was proceeding to criticise the work of the Harbour Department in connection with the Kingston Jetty, but he was ruled to be out of order by the Chairman; and it was pointed out that if he wished to enter into a discussion of the question he should give a notice of motion. The amendment was then negatived and the Bill was reported, the consideration of the report being made an order for Thursday. LOCAL COURTS OF EXTENDED JURISDICTION.— In the Legislative Council on Tuesday Mr. Hay strongly urged upon the Chief Secretary not to proceed with this Bill this aession. He pointed out that since its introduction it had been altered in almost every particular, and it could not receive careful consideration at the hands of the Council so late in the session. He objected to the Bill on the score of the enormous expanse it would occasion. Mr. Soott endorsed the hon. member's views, and expressed surprise at the Government approving Bill which had been changed " lock, stock, and barrel." He accounted for their anxiety to pass the Bill on the supposition that they were desirous of filling the fine gaol being built at Gladstone. He believed in an extension of the jurisdiction of the Local Court, but was opposed to entrusting officers in the conntry with the decision of intricate questions in insolvency. Mr. Baker regarded the Bill as a retrograde step. The object of the Legislature had been to simplify all legal proceedings, but the Bill would introduce an additional procedure and prevent either of the others from having a fair chance. The new procedure, in his opinion, was certainly not the same as that of the Local Courts. The Bill was a thorough jumble, and would lead to great ex pen?e. Messrs. Fisher, Hogarth, Campbell, and Eandover also urged upon the Chief Secretary to withdraw the Bill. Only one other member (Mr. Crozier) spoke on the question, and he was in favour of the Bill. The Chief Secretary intimated that be could not withdraw the Bill without consulting his colleagues; bat stated that in the face of the opinions expressed b? a majority of the members of the Council it would be useless for him to proseed with she Bill. THE ESTIMATES.—The Assembly made considerable progress with the Estimates on Taesday, during a sitting which lasted until after 11 o'clock. The votes for roads, streets, bridges, jetties, &c.;, were passed with one or twoarrendments. The amount for railway survey) for new and proposed lines was reduced from £5,000 to £4,000, and that for water .supply surveys from £3,000 to £2,000, the sum for road adjoining the Semaphore Signal-station being struck out altogether. The £100,000 proposed for maintenance of main roads was vised in full. When the vote for grants-in- aid to the Mount Muirhead Drainage Boarc came under notice Mr. Parsons moved to strike out the words providing for a subsidy tc private subscriptions. After considerable" discussion this_ principle was agreed to, and it was also carried into effect in connection with the vote for aid to Corporations and DistrictCouncils, which was reduced by £5,000. There was a great deal of discussion on the various items under the head " Miscellaneous," bot only two reductions, amounting to £1,050, vere made. These were secured by striking out the sum of £1,000 for formation of roads tc wells and sinking and repairing wells and by reducing the vote for travelling expenses of memoers of Parliament from £100 to £50. It vas stated by Mr. Play ford when the vote for aid to Agricultural Societies was under noti:e that he intended to decline giving a gran; to any new Society which was established vitbin tweBty miles of one already existing. An attempt was made to reduce the amount asked for in the line "Incidental and Unforeseen Expenses," and objection wes made to tbe expenditure in advertising bush-fire notices, but the Government succeeded in carrying the vote. During the discussion Mr. Parsons tock occasion to echo tbe sqggestion of his colleagte in the representation of Encounter Bay, that wholesale bribery of the Press had been resorted to. So far as we are concerned we treat the paltry imputation with contempt, and can OD1< regret that the hon. member should demean himself by lightly making accusations which he well knows have no foundation in fact. There was also an attempt to strike out the £6S6 proposed to defray a part of the expense to which the Commissioner of Insolvency was put in prosecuting Mr. W. V. Smith for libel. It was pointed out by the Attorney-General that the late Treasurer had agreed to pay such of the costs as were incurred in establishing the reputation of the Courts over which Mr. Downer presides, and on a division the line was passed. When the item of immigration was reached it was decided to resume, and the Committee obtained leave to sit again on Thursday. WATERWORKS.—The following return to tl e order of Mr. Simms, giving information as to the total expenditure and the annual cost of maintenance, with other particulars in connection with the old and new reservoirs, was laid on the table of the House of Assembly on Tuesday, October 7:— 1. The total expenditure on the Hope Valley Seservoir has been £163,000, and on the Thorndon Park Reservoir £57,700. 2. On September 27 of the present year the former reeervoir contained 32 ft. 4 in. of water. 3. The Government do not propose to complete tbe new reservoir by properly claying and otherwise repairing it. 4. By the end of February next reservoirs will be ready for U6e at North Adelaide, Magill, Burnsidf, and Mitcham. 5. The annunl amount received on account of the Adelaide Waterworks was £22,125 17s. 7d.; Suburban do., £14,00115s fd.; Port do., £2,881 8s. 7d.; Glenelg do., £1,532 14s. 5d. 6. The receipts for the year 1876-80 amounted to £40,541 16s. 2d., and the expenditure to £23,387 4s. 4d., making the total net receipts £17,154 lis. lOd. The interest paid during the year was £23,914 18s. 8d., making a total amount paid on account of interest above receipts of £6,760 6s. 10d. 7 ind 8. The cost of collection was £1,985, and of management and other incidental expenses £21,402 4s 4-i. 9 The smallest quantity of water stored in the Hope valley Reservoir during 1878-9 wis 9,000,COO gallons on April 28, 1879, and at Thorndon Park Reservoir 60,750,000 gallons on May 2 of the same year. 10. The quantity of water stored in the Hope Valley Reservoir was on September 29, 1870, 261,500,000 gallons, and in that of Thorndon Park 125,450,030 gallons. AMENDMENT OF THB CONSTITUTION.—A . dis cussion took' place in the Council yesterday Mr. Hay's motion for leave to withdraw the Bill introduced by him for the amendment of " Constitution. This course was adopted by hon. gentleman in order to enable the measure introduced by the Government to be discussed. Mr. Fisher opposed the motion, and characterized the Government Bill as an insult to the Council and a measure which they should be justified in obstructing. The Bill, he said, r ' 1 was an abortion and a skeleton. None of f the other speakers, however, sympathized in L these views, and Mr. Hay's motion was carried. NORTHERN TERRITORY LEGISLATION.—In l the Assembly on Tuesday the Bill to protect Indian immigrants who may go to the Northern Territory was passed through Committee i with A d f t w . j n<» jwwvw w f some amendments. The principal alteration was one made at the instance of Mr. Bray. It provided that agents can only be appointed after their salaries have been passed by Parliament, thus placing the control of Asiatic immi gration more completely in the hands of the Legislature than it would be if the Ministry had the power to make appointments trusting to their future approval. The Northern Territory land Bill was alio passed through Committee, and both Bills were reported. QUEIN'S CUPS.—Mr. Coglin has given notice that on Friday, October 10, he will move that an address be presented to the Governor, praying His Excellency to recommend the granting of two prizes of £100 each, to be com. peted for by horses to run on the Old Adelaide and the Morphettville Racecourses respectively 