COMMERCIAL. STOCK REPORT. Evrnuss Office, February 7. Tub heat of the weather has increased, and apparently is still increasing. From the various quarters in the vicinltj' we have similar accounts, coupled with fears of bush-fires and general desire for raJn to replenish tlie dams which are now either exhausted or very low. From down the river we loam that tho srrass is very high on some of the runs, and a sharp look-out is be ing kept with the view nf preventing bush-fires. The latest accounts from Queensland state that the weather was unsettled m most parts of the colony. From a few stations, including those in the western district — audi as Mvc, Cumiamulla, Tnmbo, and RlackalJ— fine weather was reported ; but in the majority of eases tho advices indicated gloomy cloudy weather, while more rain had fallen at Ipswich, Kimbcrlev, and Georgetown. At Brisbane the weather has again become fine ; but a considerable quantity of drift-wood came down the river, showing that heavy rain had fallen on upper portions of the Brisbane and Bremer. On the Barwon (says the Argun) bright clear days and moderately cool nights have prevailed. There have been one or two feeble atttcmpts at a rainfall, but with the exception of last Wednesday morning, when 25 points fell, nothing has happened worth recording. Wc are again commencing to feel the want of i-ain, as the creeks and dams arc drying up, and feed getting very scarce and brown. A gentleman who has just j returned from a trip round the Back Creeks reports I matters a« being in a very bad state, in fact '|Uitc as I had as the worst of last year. We hear that at j points. v On the middle Darling, the weather has been fearfully hot, the thermometer having ranged up to 115 degrees in the shade. Ou the Narnoi, dry weather prevails, and Id tlie neighbourhood of Narmbri things are lieginning to assume a serious as W-ct. Up the river the country looks beautiful. From the Dttbbu ficxjtatch wo learn that tho country looks first-rate, though it is plain that rain is badly wanted to freshen up the feed, and give a start to the undergrowth, as well as make things generally com fortable. From the Upper Bogan, we hear good accounts. Stock of all descriptions are looking first rato, and if prices are only as good as the quality of the stock there would be very little to find fault with. Im provements uro still the order of the day on the sta tions, and when it is considered the trying ordeal through which the pastoralists have emerged, their energy cannot be loo highly commended. On the 31acquaiio, matters, pastoral, look first-rate. Sheep and cattle are in rare order, and the country could not positively look belter. Tbeereat damr*?ris now from hush fires. Travellers arc careless, and light fires everywhere, aud strike their camps, and the conse quence is that it is only through the most arduous exertions of boundary riders aud other station bands that those fires arc kept from spreading. On the Lachlau (says the Forbid Thus*) the wuathcr has been simply insufferable. Heat— intense heat— morning, noon, and night, without any variation whatever. As a consequence, grass and water arc drying up f:ist, and the frontages are getting exceedingly bare. We learn, however, that out back there is still a f.iir supply, sufficient, at all events, to put through the summer without much incunvcuicnce. In the local market the following transactions are reported Messrs. Wilkinson, Minehin, and Lavender reiwrt having sold 8000 breeding ewes (in lamb) for Mcssj-s. P. and J. Tyson, of Corrong, to Messrs, Snanahan and Jennings, of Warhrcccan, this sale in conjunction with .1. C. Walker and Co., Melbourne, and 400 young ewos to Mr. Geo. Power. Messrs. Rand and Toinpsnu report having sold 10U0 hix-tooth ewes for Mr. W. J. Lytic, of the Yanko, to Messrs. «l. J. and W. M'Nickle, of Eummyharccnvha, this sale in conjunction with T. K Waller and Co. ; also, 42 bul locks for Mr. W. J. Blake, to .Jr. George D'ncv, of Lake Albert. The dulness which lias characterised the Sydney market for some time past continues. Best beef is quoted at lfis to l(5s per lOQlbs, and prime wethers t)s to 9s Od. In Melbourne there is some improvement, owing to a not heavily stocked market. Best buttocks have advanced from 10s to ir»s per head, and sheep from 6d to Is. Tho Maitland market continues low, best beef being quoted from 14s to 10s i-cr lOOlbs, aud prime wethers to Us. The Blaekull items are Mr. dyne's r:\ttlc had reached Jsisford, when they were ordered back. Mr. Jt. M'Doutpil has sold his cows— about HOD head -to Messrs. Weir and Scott, the late purchasers of M«T)iey Plains station, to be delivered at Morncy at Ts. (-d. per head. Cardell's 800 head mixed cattle, sold to Mr. Hay, who recently purchased Palparara station from Mr. H. M. Hughes. A tnol- of fat cattle are about starting from Avington. A hundred and thirty head of fat bullocks, from Myall Creek, in Now South Wales, bound for Warwick, passed the bordor at Texas on January ISth. The only stock item we (Wilcannia Timcx) hear of is 2C2 fat bullocks, (Messrs. Davis and Co.'s) missed on the 2Cth January from Kernhree, for Melbourne. Our Mcnindic correspondent reports 250 fat eattlc from BeJaclic Station, near Cooper's creek, en route for Melbourne, |)asse'J here on the 24th. 10.000 sheep | from Mount Talbot, Victoria, en route for Killara : station, passed here on the 20th ; 250 head fat cattle 1 from Mount Murchison station en route fur Adelaide 1 market passed here on the 27th. Tlie Narrabri passings are On the 23rd : 245 store . catllc, from E. Vickeryo, Ncwlcy. for Messrs. Daugar's, . Ncotsfield Singleton. 24th: 12«j'fat cows, (Uangar's) from Bunna Buuna for Maitland. 20lh : 7u00 store tsheop (Ufgirin's), from Miller's Creek, for Warren Downs. 20th : 1800 fat wethers, (Vickorv's) irom i Edgcroi for Sydney. 27th r 50 store cattle, (WiillV) from Branxtou, for Gundcmaine. 30th : 1800 fat wethers, (Vickery's), from Edgcroi for Sydnev. —Herald. 