THE tragedy whicb has beenrred in Afghanistan, althoagh to tbeliat degree lamentable, cannot be truly said to be Barprising. The character of die people, and their past conduct in relation to the English, are each as to warrant the. worst suspicions, as to their secret intentions, even when their professions df pB^ and frienTJBhip are the most plansible. Treacherpas, revetigefal, implacable,. and merciless: snch are the Afghans, Mid such have they ever beem. TuC Ifnbledefcriptioa gf to ?nenaig» oiven ( by the. Paalmist of r old.: exactly _ characterises; them—"Their throat is an open e- l do sepulchre.; not their feet are swift to shed' ir blood; and . the way of peace they have not known." . These are the same people who, in 1842, /butchered in cold blood an-entire Siitashaimy, leaviagorilya single sool alive to carry'"home the .dreadful tidings.' Sheee are the saj^uinaly.Ravages whose> atrocities equalled—they- ocndd not and Lahore.' They are every^ whit as bloodthirsty as the Zulus of Southern Africa,' with all the worst.elements of Asiatic faithlessness superadded. Once and again the EnglishJiave trusted them, and always they have~Mein b^teayed. "The: massacre of Major CATA4NABI "an3_"liis staff is the last drop poured into" an already .overflowing cnp. The iniquity of tiie Afghans'is MIF' Sy ' this last act they havci .forfeited /all: daim to* consideration. Their, crime^ isfimparidonable/. Swift and exemplary VBUg«iance must be visited upon them. Even me" "daMs of humanity require this. • •-Extermination.of the .entire-race from the face of the e&ith; jwoald scarcely be too signal and severe a puniehment for such a population of miscxeants and. cut-throats. There isiio reasonlog beyond the' fact in such a case as, this. It would be idle to enquire now into the jiice points of national Jaw, air between A^han rights and British claims. AIliBncJfdiscuBsiohs jaiust be postponed jfor the pr^nt. jFor 'iio law ever made wholesale treacherous murder permissible, 1 either • by' savage • 'or ' civilised race«." No;' code »of i 1 political" ethics sanctions aseaseinatioii. ~ The argument of Hihe -dagger -and "Hie {Hstol -is not to be fonnd in any iystem of international legislation. .Even if : the British were: not justified in the recaat actipn thbyhave taken in respect of AfglMiistan;'the massacre of their repreMntativeandhfe Btfftewduldstall be an ratrage upon humuiitF, and-a violation of ^very- princip!e :: of -human justice. The outlaws who are still abroad in our own x»lony, ,wifii lunds Vred with the Jhkiod trf the murdered conetaUes, allege that they .were ,actuated to ^e-®B5«tration of tiieir crimes by injuries which they received—or some of them—from the police force. But even if this plea- wjere well-founded,-not one (jot the leBB would'iJie thorderere^deserve the gallows. In nb "case ought they, or would^the^ JbeiallbwBdJ to escape their most righteous dppm. Thecaae is exactly the same with the assasuns of "Cabul,;- Ofo plea of injury sustained at the bands of the British can, in the vfiry ^mnllpgy- degree, mitigate their atrociouscguilt. Nothing' remains, as we have feaid^ but to take 1 revenge npon tKm^an<J : to do nnto them as they have ^oneto the representative of the British Empire and his household. „.. iSdentla' ik' Carthago! was the monotonous' cry of the stern CATO in ancient days. Carthage had inflicted a deep, deadly, nnforgivable.injuryonKome; jmd- flarthsge must be deBtroyed. JSot one atone of her prond cities should be left upon another. Efer proud supremacy-on- the sea-must be taken frojn-;- her; i-jand her busy and populous poite by " the shores of the;: blup... • MedltOTi.niD|B.,, left, solitaiy, desolate, abandoned ebf Mankind. The ruins of Carthage at^lhis ..day,amidst the sands of the desiBrtafd tivthedfeertedsea- beaii, : exhibit ian Awftfl.practical commentary on CATO'S memorable watchword. Britain—In fhe relation of the one to Car- -thage, and of thei other tb'. Afghanistan b complete. Britun cannot. hold .her." magnificent Indian , empire in her grasp whilst she is perpetually menaced on h6r northern frontier by a treacherous and murderouB pqpnlatidn, amenable to ao laws of international justice, ob obligstions. of common humanity, no considerations, above those which Actuate savage cannibals. Afghaniatah igmt' be «ubdued, and Cabul muist l^r^mantie^.' T.When *the! avenging army" of POLLOCK marched) Into the territory whose soil was, BjtiHj .crimson with jthe slaughter of ELPHIKt- i stokb's^biiga^e,flucha lesson waBtanght I the bnteh^ot^omian,and cMdreB as, one: would think, avenAfghans wduld not;have; forgotten;*-" The Forced a -be,- 'd^fttte the latest intelligence announcing | tiulmMd Afghari tfoops bave taken seenioh of the { ^ p of course, they- -will be speeday" driven. 'AWh^^'.l^^ffe thrill oriMjgnMn whichTheliaings oT the massacre atcGdol haariicaatee^ttehea^^ men at home, ,aad at thu moment the avJmg^^nnyjBifriBn^infe^X^bnl^Jhe <egoe|.it iB«*«y toforetell. Tbenwiaip fierce fighting?liia loss of fife Jwid Ay the ^ C ^ d l ; massacre of the brave CATAGNABI. This time the work of punishment will be thoroughly done. Afghanistan will be reduced to the condition of a dependent j>rovince ; and the inigUgjpE England will famine as'Bupreme, evenrln that tnrbnlent mountmn xegibn, as it is jsow in the plains ot^BenjjalxJr on the wfld; ^indaree, that conquered HTO£BlpLl,i^«nd that captured Calcutta and Seringspatan^ is'quite able to subdue the miscreants of Afghanistan, both in and out of the passes, &nd-to.; dismantle the fortresses of Cabul. It is her manifest '3fesHhy. She'niust be victorious or nothing. No power on earth can be allowed to stay her advance, or to prevent Justice in this case "heing Inflicted.. * . ^ . ' " • All doubt as to the visit-of His Boyal Highness the Prince of Wales to the'A'nstralian colonies is now at an end. A cablegram elsewhere announces -that His Royal Highness is making -preparations' lor the trip, and that all'arrangements are being imade . to-provide for such a contingency as the •deatht>f the Qheen,"should anything of the land [occur before the Prince's -return to England. ; It was reported at the meeting of the Water - [Commission last night, that tor the first time this year the Gong Gong, was fall. It has. hitherto been the practice of the commission to keep tbe water down 2 pr 3 feet to prepare for floodwaters, "bat it has been decided'.to change this state-of affaire, and, ns there is sufficient preparation for floods in the complete arrangements of by washes and floodgates,\o ieep aU the dams full as long as' possible.' By this means a much larger qnanti^r of water will be stored tip than nsaal, sjid it "4s; hoped will give ample , supply through the forth- '.eoniing summer, "ftie depth of water in the Gong ;Gong on Thursday vie 70 io.f^t, or within half an inch_ of its utmost"-capacity* in Kirk's, 40:3 feet, or nearly "as mncbasitwill contain. It is expected that the rains of yesterday will have ;filled all 4he dama. and tbat therefore there is a grand supply of water Btorefl in our reservoirs. Tbe mother t>f Mr-Watt, sharebroker, expired very-«a<yenly ather.eon'sjfisiaence; SHirt street •west, last night. The, deocased lady, who was sixty years -of- age, -fell -off her chair and expired -immediately. She liad been ailing for some time from an affection of the heart, and was subject^to .fainting fits. An inquest vSl-probably be held to- day. • • The notice served by the.Bosrd of land and iWorks on the WaterCommfiBion, of its intention |to enter and take possession of the works and pre-' iperties of the commissioners, was .considered by the commission In committee last, nighty the £»mmiBaion's .solicitor heihjg present. • 1 A elderly laborer named Daniel Stotteh, a resident of Buninyong, wag admitted into the Hospital yesterday afternoon, snffexing from injuries to his side, aua tamed xh the morning at Buninyong. Stotten was engaged with BS". employer in putting up reme fendng,' Tfhen a log he was lifting by some means fell over on " bim, crashing him slightly. /The following telegram, having reference to tbe Koh-i-Noor -and. Band of Hope Quartz companies y Williams'. Fre^iQld Company, was yesterday received W the-chairman of the firstnamed company:—"Injunction granted as to half of road, and inspection.". . . We are requested by Mr feis?, the teacher of Macarthur Street State Night-school, io state that the disturbance that took flace thereon Wednesday "eveolng was not so bad as sported. It appears, however, that a young man, George Powell, who bad been previously expelled and re-admitted to the school, was inclined tosplay high jinks, the result hong that the master took him by jthe shoulder and again turned-him out; but none <jf theotier scholars -showed any sympathy for the offender. Mr Boss, also alleges that he was not pelted with stohfes on leaving tbfe sehooL • "A sad acmSen^wTiich.it.is feared, may prove fatal, ocenrred bn ThurBday afternbon, to Albert, a little son of Mr Peter Telford, of Smythesdale. The little boy, who is pot" taore »>""i three years bld. was playing in his father's yard, when a neighbor^ horse kidced hlm on the temple, inflicting such severe injuries that his life is despaired of. JDr Stewart wais called in, and tendered the -neces- «ary medical assistance. While Mr« Telford was busy in attending to the little sufferer, one of his brothers slipped away nnperceived, got playing with a new axe, and inflicted a very severe -gash in his foot. _ . .In Warden's Court yesterday, in' the case ot Barton.^efsus the Band of Hope and Albion Consols Company, the warden stated that^he ten dayB -during which he had reserved bis decision had .-expiiedl:and he proceeded to enter up tbe decision, dismissing the cue with .£39 16s fid costs, the money formerly paid into court forming no part of the order. • 1 A temperafice meeting was held in the Mount Pleasant - Wesleyan school 3ast Tuesday evening, -when the chair was occupied by Mr Biggs, of -the Excelsior Tent, and addresses were given by Mrasre Blarney and Morris, who~ tailed on iell, especially the young. to keep strict to the total .abstinence cause.' Mr Blarney^ -after. apologising for the absence of ' Mr Glenny, presented the memhers . of the juvenile order with medals, which were kindly given by Mr Glenny. The evening . was made very pleasurable by tbe -presence of. the church choir, who sang several gtees. A duet by Messrs Blight and Johns, "Hearts.and. homes," . was also well rendered. -Beadings by Messrs Greenwood and -Eudey, and recitations by Miss Spargo, and Masters M'Gregor, DoBrtae, A. Watkins, ani L. Watkins followed. A vote of thanks to the chairman and the National Anthem brought the entertainment to a close. The many -miles of fencing belonging to the W«*er Commission is a sonrce of continual trouble 'lo that body, for at every meeting it is reported that some part of its boundaries has been infringed,: and it is shrewdly euapeeted that . people located "near thefenees oceasionslly lower a rail or two, and let in their cattle over night to the iieh pastnn£ of the reserves,and quietly cull the cattle off early lie. Jenc^, .as.ihe engineersays, "iu a temporary manner." Cases of trespass, in which the active agent has been unknown, ha-veieen repeatedly referred to the chairman, who hearing ofieach successive one, heaves the "Si?. 0 ! bim that feath heard a twice told tale retold, and makes a mental note .of the infliction. This week, however, the ranger and a companion : watched a spot favored of trespassers, all night; long, and in tte early dawn they came upon a man : •who opened the fence,took -ont a couple ot horses,; and.re-dosed the panel temporarily. ISey spoke to Mm, andpainted out to. him that "his farm was < dsewhere, and then they reported the matter to the chairman, who having something tangible to ' ideal with. put it iu the hands of thai ediator. Sbme months ago Mr Ware, secretary of the •llkuf"'tTo^.^ll 1 C*_ _» .' 1. • • - v Jhe tradecktaJbgues of the chief seedsmen ofthe TTnited Kingdom, and so well did he manage that yesterday by the maU he received forty-fonr mckages. of catalogues, ioduding those of the chief seedsmen and.puraerymen in Great Britttin and Maud. : A glance through the catalo<mes. which Bre ve^ JweU illustrated, shows on ^at i. large scale gai,<dening is ; tarried , on jn the\olfl <»untty,_aud_the ineritablelcomparison tdlslhat tortMulture jiere is redly inly in its earliest stages of Jnfanay.-' The "e«tafcguSi :»ai -no doubt be toond yery^ xiseful by the members of the society, for whom^hey hare ieen procured, and .to whoee library they wiU form no indifferent ad- aition.jThe attendance ofmemben at the society's heeo Becesaarily litoited during tte ^already phoi^ signs <jtjrn|rove- Ifc GUlbanks gave hi popular entertainment. .couBUting. of I -Views and a descriptive lecture, ta ^he Pleasant street State school last night, to a wge and attentive audience. The iutrodnctten * some goad singing seemed to meet the taste of S^tS^fS^J? 0 . their approval with fequent bursts of appUuse. The same entertainfflent.wUl 'be given in the Alfredton State school on Monday next. Sam Slick is making good progress. This week's number contains some very amusing illustrations foremost amongst -which is a fnll view of ihe Regulative Assembly during the etonewalting of last week.- artist has faUen"into the misuie of plactng the Speaker ip the chair; whereas'that position was occupied by Mr James, the Hou=e in committee. But, with this exception, the sPicture is ^ery accurate, besidee biang Tery funny. ^_The first: meeting of the City Free Library Ltteraiy Association took place last' nicht at the Camp street; Mr W. T. C. :itentece,'ttif(i of' members and visitors. The meeting, dtrelt Wsdv aa«tn^ges thalt Would Mise,sodaii;, .JporaUyj ^ad intelleefiiaUy, from such an associa' ,twni«ho«tag. how necessary it was lfor a com- .ntnmtJ.:-ibfc^igi compojsa of persons from all 'VH^mg thought«, «od thereby removing .those Woiyrf representatiTe-institutionTin EnRlwd •a«yrt«tt the iS^Wto t* legislators, but (in spite of them. Mr S. T. Hall followed, taking an opposite view to Mr Vallins, and upheld the English principles of government ssnot being the selfish system depicted. -J. A- Smith, L. S. Bhur, M'FhiUimy, and .Ware followed, and Mr Blair moved the adjournment of the debate till next meeting,, which was.agreeil to. A meeting of the friends of 'Sfr Edwjttd MUjphy was held at Gabbett's hotel last crrening. Apologies were received from Mr Bohert Atkinson and J others who could not attend. It was resolvedthat, in consequence of the whole of the collection-books not being in, the meeting stand adjourned until Tuesday next. It was evident, bowferor, from those sent in, that the testimonial will be a substantial one.... - Remembering the disastrous effects of the bushfireB at the reserves last summer, the Water Commission are taking steps to prevent such occurring again. The -forester has been instructed to clear off, by burning or otherwise,-all the undergrowth he can; and it is intended to keep the men at the reserves as much as possLble at the work of cutting down and burning undergrowth, so as to give as: little hold as may be to firas, should any break on£ We much (egret to see that Mr W. Bardwell, whose: photographic stndio is Sturt street is so. •well known, has been compelled to assign bis estate. Senders for tbe whole stock and trade are called for in our advertising columns by Mr Walter Joseph, trustee, 32"Elizabeth street, Melbourne. A grand challenge hurling match will take place to-day at "BusseU square, between the Bid-, larat and StaweUdubs..- This match will hie the' event of the season .-The following, players will do battle for Ballarat, headed by the veteran J. Noohan as captain:—T-Ttf. "O'Brien, J. Healey, M. O'Grady, M." Cleary, D. Morrissey," P. Mack, W. Deagen, M. Bourke, P. M'Eay, M._ Leamhan, M. Hynes. J." Dwyer,', J. Lawlor, J.^Myers, M. iByan, J. Fogarty, J. Shanahen, J. Meagher, J. M'Clennan, M.Xearnhan. "Kmergenqr—w. Mnwm, W. Power, S. Cabey. r . , • : A lecture on "Spiritualiem.its varied phenomena and agencies, also its ddctrines, inoralB, and final destiny,^ will he delivered by Mr B. Gillingham in the Mechanics' Institute lecture-room pext Mon^ jday evening. A. collection wiU be made at the close, after the lecture,"to pay expenses. 'The anniversary of the.Creswick Miners' Aeso-' ciation Kill be celebrated on Wednesday, the 29th October, when there will --be athletic sports, and £70 given away in prizes. The programme will be found fully described in out advertjsing eolumns. Entries for the handicaps 'will have to be made on or before Saturday,* the 4th -October, and the :acceptances wili close on the 25th., The event •will come off at Creswick." , : "Bob Boy, the Australian giant,"^thelargest man in' the Australian colonies, -will hold a reception at Mliaren's hotel, Bridge street, to-day. "Bob Boy" measures 72 inehes reund the-waist, :and weighs SO.'stone, so he well deserves- the 'appellation of giant. : , The TatBB committee will meet At Mr Thome's 'establishment, Haddon. next Wednesday.evening,' at seven o'clock, The Bev. A. T. Glassbn r wfll preach on the death oE Hie late Mrs Mathews, in the Methodist , Chnrch, Peel street, to- morrow evening. • The names of. tha artistes -engaged for Miss Bosnia Carandini's last concert on Wednesday next appear in another column. In addition to the. old-favorites will he-Madile. Charbonnet, the celebrated solo pianiete, and. Mr B. T. Moroneyj whose rich bass voice created such a sensat^n at the-second of this series o£ concerts, jjje pt(>. graaune will be" in evc^ywipect vrorthy of the artistes. -Tickets for all parts are on sale at various places (see advertisement) for the convenience of those who. jstish to -get good .seats, as this will undoubtedly: be the bat house of the season. We have received from Mr -John Bichardson some beautiful hyacinths and tulips, also a magnificent cauliflower, that were grown in his garden at the corner of Barkly and Bradshaw streets, Ballarat. They are remarkably fine specimens uf the varieties to -which' they belong, and show that Ballarat "can take premier rank in the'department of-horticulture. - -",-"" " The Man-woman Mystery", is the title of a pamphlet that iias just issued from the office of the Mendigo Independent. Itcontains a lengthy accoun of the affur dealt with, - and will, no doubt, find plenty of readers. ; A meeting of subscribers to Bridges' art- union will be held.at the Mechanics' Institute next Monday evening, at eight o'clock, to arrange preliminaries for. the drawing.- Mr Bridges is resolved to meet the wishes of subscribers to the utmost extent,and has determined npon this meeting" for ihe purpose. It wiU be seen by our advertising eoiamns that Madame Sibly will give Bix phrenological "and mesmeric entertainments in the Alfred Hail next week, commencing on Monday evening. Persons wishing to consult Madame Sibly privately can do so at Eussell's _ hoteL No doubt Madame Sibly's entertainments will be well patronised, as they, are always both amusing and instructive.. The anniversary of the " Primitive Methodist Church, Sebastopol, - will be celebrated to-morrow, When the Bev. J. Standrin will preach in the morning, and the Bev. J. T. Piercey in -the afternoon and evening. A tea meeting will follow on Monday evening, when,;in addition to the usual addresses, : the programme of the recent coneert wiK, hy desire, be repeated. • -Annual missionary services will be held .in the Bible Christian Cburch, Skipton street, to-morrow, when Mr Martin Hosking will preach in the moming,-and the Bev. J. Standrin in the evening. A tea meeting will take place on Tuesday, *hen, besides addresses,'there will be singing by the church choir: Mr W. Proctor will occupy the chair, and Miss Spier preside at the organ. Mr Blackett wishes UB to state that the arrest of Charles. Wilson, which we mentioned yesterday did not take place in his (Mr Blacketfe) hoteL The usual Bbating rink will be held iii ' the Academy of Music this afternoon and evening. - Quadrille assemblies will be held this evemng as follows:—At theSociefies' Hall, Skipton street - Oddfellows' Hall, Albert street; and in the Alfred Hall, GrenvQle street People are beginning to bestir themselves lor the next general election. The Cainperdmm Cfoomde saye :—" A few of Mr : Thomas Shaw's fnends met the Lenra hotel nn Wednesday to see what st^sit would behest to take" losecure 1u ; b return for Bipon and Hampden at the next elecfaon. Mr Shaw was present and reiterated the declaration -of jiia intention to stand against Mr. Xiougmore whenever a dissolution .takes place, but •at the same time left himself in the- hands of his foends. The unanimous feeling of the meeting was that both Mr Shaw and hiB friends should at once take steps to ascertain what the constituency generally thought of ..the matter, and some en-, csuraging acconpts were ^iven in of the offew of • iSuppofL,. It.ie well ^ndastood that what has been -shout Mr George Higinbotham and Mr Michie. being asked jn stand is mere talk, aDd tfaat Jlr &iunt; has declared his intention not to stand, if Mr Shaw-dote ao." "^The ^^Ks learns tliat ffignor tie Vivo, with Madame Cariotta Patti, and the other members of Ins concert company, whose names we have already -given, wni leave San Francisco for. .Melbourne by jnaalsteam.ee on the I2th December "next, and that .the. firstconcert -wttl take place in the town lisll probably ion Saturday, the Slat January, • In referencetothe man impersonator, the Beudxgo Advertiser sajB;—«Her features, BOW. that the arcumstences of her life are changed, from exposure and arduous toil to close confinement ye aaaumipg quite a womanly expression, and the iarrowed linefe and wrinkles are fast .disappearing She has a great dread :of being-sent to tbe Kew iunatfe Asylum, and the doctors appear to think that her tnalady will assnme a mnch more serious form^if the intention to removeher tq that iustitutioj) be earned out.'' Upwards of 100 sdiool teachers(says the Jrovs) have been dwmissed recently by the Ministe of Educahon teause, after long notice, they have Ruled to qualify by obtaining certificates: Mr mason provoked spine amusement in the House on Thursday by, asldngir it is proposed to compensate thrae individuals. "Give them .pensions " interjected Mr Service, much to the disgust of-Mr Masbn, who complained warmly of the satire of iril®? 0 PP°a«»on. Major Smith Aeclined to hold <mt any hopes to tbe member for uippsland thit-hiBproteges would receiveany further consideration. •"' : ^ / . • The 'Age understands jhat Mr H. E Havter Government statist, has received an intimation i>4 Neilson ,Hancock, hou secre. taw, that he has been elected an honorary membe^ Ireland «nd Social Inquiry Solely of An adjourned meetlsg of-the Edu'cation Defence Association was held "(says the Argift on Tliurs- ^ ^totatt hall, Stephen street. Twenty-fourpersons werepresent. Mr J. B Crews took the chair, and expressed-his regret ii »«endaic£ He dwelSm" e "f^S'tyrt eneiyetic Bctjon bong ^nnor^T,, ^ T ^ 0 ^ Sf Protestauti wTil m^ibei; c^ippaBy&^Bi^ it was ro^^^* ^ I to adopt li«fi«t "?„.»—" ~ wuwu.was estab-' l«st year, ^fte objects .of which »ere State. S. To enlalge the itsfromthe opaiuion of "1(41 — toStUe . atihetrni-; / danger of all insidious innovation7nti(mtw~" compulsory, and secular system of edn^« law established. 5. To organise bCh lcf ^ throughout .the colony. 6. To foster ivn,^1" teauM, public meetings, &c.;, a sustkinrf w * in OiejDaintensnce ofthe State . y j & N tion, ud to »ound a note of warnmgThrn^? 1 - the colony should it be attempted in Parii. 01 obtain'jt separate grant for any denominSS®' ^ committee was appointed to make arrant A foi: a puttie meeting, with the view 0fT public attention to the importance of c defence ofthe Education Act. 