MEMORABILIA, 1878. The leading events of the past year were the following : — JANUARY. 1st.Public holiday at PORT Ade- laide; fete at the Exhibition Grounds by the St. Patrick's Catholic Benefit Society ; t-«e«-m the Old Adelaide Course, &c.;, &c.; 1st. St. Peters Cathedral consecrated by the Lord Bishops of the Diocese in the presence -°* : the Bishop of Melbourne and Ballat, a large number of the clergy, and a crowded congrega- tion. 1st Mr. Thomas Gale ascended from the Exhibition Ground in his balloon accompanied by Mr. Dwyer. 1st. The Licensed Victuallers Amendment Act, prohibiting Sunday traffic in liquors except from 1 fm. to 3 pjn-, came into operation. 3rd. Fire in the Bundaleer Forest Reserve. About forty acres of last year's plants destroyed. 8th. The Goodwood Baptist Chapel opened. 7th. The Port Adelaide and Semaphore line of railway opened for traffic About 8,500 pas- sengers passed over the line the first week. 7th. The Diocesan Temperance Society formed at a meeting held in the Town Hall, at which the Anglican Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Ballarat took part in the proceedings. 8th, 9th, 10th. Great heat. Maximum tem- perature at the Adelaide Observatory, 165° in the sun ; 113-5° in the shade on the 9th. Several cases of sunstroke and numerous bush- fires. 11th. First number of the Gawler Standard published. 11th. The Laura Steam Mill, the property of Messrs. J. Walter, burned down. 12th. Mount Gambier Public School opened by the Hon. W. Morgan (Chief Secretary) in presence of Sir George Bowen (Governor of Victoria), the Hon. G. C. Hawker (Commis- sioner of Public Works), and a large assembly. 17th. James Ellis, teamster, murdered by the natives at Granite Creek, Northern Territory. 18th. The ceremony of turning the first sod of the Port Augusta and Government Gums Rail- way performed by His Excellency Sir William Jervois in the presence of a large number of the members of both Houses of Parliament and of the settlers of the district. 19th. The Port Pirie and Jamestown Exten- sion Railway xt Caltowie opened by Sir William Jervois. 22nd. The Lefevre's Peninsula and the Port Adelaide Public Schools opened by the Hon. Neville Blyth, Minister of Education. 22nd. Annual Session of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference opened. The Rev. T. Lloyd elected President. (Session closed Febru- 24tb. The cutter yacht TreasureTrove wrecked at Crayfish Cove, Kangaroo Island, and her master, James Clair drowned. 27th. New Primitive Methodist Church, Port Adelaide, opened. 30th. Extensive bush fires near Hahndorff. The township seriously endangered. 30th. The medal of the Royal Humane Society presented by Sir William Jervois to Captain G. B. Johnston in recognition of his services in saving fifteen lives from drowning during about twenty-two years. 31st. The new Government schools at the Wallaroo Mines and at Wallaroo Bay opened by the Hon. Neville Blyth, Minister of Education. FEBRUARY. 2nd. Great solar eclipse, visible at Adelaide from the first contact at 5h. 42m. 35s. till sunset. Greatest obscuration at the Observatory 0.85. 6th. The new bridge over the Port Stream formally opened by His Excellency the Gover- nor and named " The Jervois Bridge." 10tH. Violent thunderstorm at Mundalla, 275 miles east of Adelaide. Registered rainfall, 2.45 inches in an hour. 13th. His Excellency Sir William Jervois left for England by the Stad Amsterdam. 13th. Foundation-stone of Honghton Public School laid by Miss Ross, of Highercombe. 21st. A solemn dirge and pontifical mass for the late Pope Pius IX. chanted in St. Xavier's Cathedral. 21th. Services in commemoration of the ac- cession of Leo XIII. to the Chair of St. Peter held in St. Patrick's Church. 34th. Thanksgiving services for the harrest held in various churches and chapels, as recom- mended by the Evangelical Alliance. 27th, 28th. The Royal Agricultural and Hor- ticultural Society's Annual Show held at the Exhibition Building and Grounds. Over 9,000 visitors during the two days. MARCH. 4th. Earthshock at Laura at 3 a.m. 4th. Heavy rain at night. Depth registered at the Observatory 3.90 inches in fourteen hours, being the greatest depth, on record in Adelaide for any one day. 6 th. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) left for England by the Lusitania. 10th. The Adelaide City Mission Hall, Light square, opened. 13tb. House of Assembly dissolved by procla- mation. 14th, 15th. Heavy rains iu the North and North-East. Depth registered at Paratoo 6.500 inches. 17th. Jamestown Church consecrated by the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. 25th. The new Theatre Royal, Hindley- street, opened by the Soldene English Opera-Bonffe Company performing "Giroffe Girofla." (Last performance of the company April 19.) 26th. Heavy rains in the interior, extending from Beltana to beyond Cooper's Creek. 26th. First Government land sale under the new Act, at which 53,194 acres were disposed of on credit at an average price of £2 5s. 5J. per acre. APRIL. 1st. The remains of a human being found on the Meryibee Run, supposed to be those of a man who had been prospecting for gold five or six years ago. 5th. The compulsory clauses of the Education Act brought into operation in the Adelaide School District. 16th. Hugh Fagan, alias James Lynch, exe- cuted at the City Gaol for the murder of Patrick Bannon at Saltia, November 26, 1877. 21st. (Easter Sunday). The Woodside new Scots Church opened. Services conducted by the late Rev. P. Maclaren, of Port Adelaide. 22nd. The skating- rink at the City Baths opened. 25th. Severe thunderstorm at Yarcowie. Three horses belonging to Mr. J. Ryan killed by lightning. 26th. Six slight earthshocks felt at the Finniss. 27th. Return match between the yachts Enchantress and Zephyr in Largs Bay, won by the Zephyr by 3 min. 15 sec. Distance, 25 miles. 29th. Foundation-stone of the central build- ing of the Bushmen's Clubhouse, Whitmore- square, laid by Mr. J. H. Angas. MAY. 7th. Transit of Mercury, visible at Adelaide from sunrise till 8 o'clock a.m. 10th. The Northern Railway extension line from the Burra to Hallett, eighteen and a half miles, opened by the Hon. G. C. Hawker, Com- missioner of Public Works. 11th. The first of the Mayor's Popular Satur- day Evening Concerts given in the Town Hall. 13th. Foundation-stone of Angaston Congre- gational Church laid by Mr. J. H. Angas. 16th. The Government township of Morgan, consisting of 105 quarter-acre allotments at the North-West Bend, sold at auction, realizing £1P^7S=£391 10s. lOd. per acre. 17th. The steam-dredger Sarnia, 30 horse power, launched at Port Adelaide. 20th. Mr. John Haward Clark, editor and part proprietor of the Register, Observer, and Evening Journal, died, aged forty-eight years. 31st The first session of the Ninth Parlia- ment opened by His Excellency the Acting Governor, Chief Justice Way. JUNE. 6th. Severe hailstorm passed over the city and suburbs and produced considerable damage to property. 10th. Opening of the Adelaide and Suburban Tramway for passenger traffic. 11th. Severe gale from the west. Lowest reading of the barometer at the Observa- tory=29'52 at 6h. p.m. (reduced to sea- level). Greatest force of wind, 60 miles per hour for 20 minutes between 6 and 7 p.m. Considerable damage to property in town and country. 11th. Four men, named Robert Tapscott and James Cameron, commission agents, W. O. Evans, proprietor of the Pilot Boat Hotel, Port Pirie, and Charles Lubke, stevedore, drowned in the Port Pirie River during a violent gale while proceeding in a boat to Point Lowly to look for the ketch Wilpena, reported to be ashore. 12th. Mr. David Moody elected member for Light, vice F. S. Carroll resigned. Poll— Moody 549, Tennant 434. 13th. Foundation-stone of the Collinsfield Primitive Methodist Chapel laid. 20th. Foundation-stone of the Children's Hospital, Brougham-place, laid by His Excel- lency the Acting-Governor, Chief Justice Way. 31st. The Adelaide Skating Rink, Bent- street, opened by Colonel Downes. 22nd. The Blind and Deaf and Dumb Asy- lum at Brighton opened by His Excellency the Acting-Governor. JULY. 1st First appearance of Mr. W. Cresmick, the tragedian, at the Theatre Royal. 4th. Mr. William Kyffin Thomas, senior pro- prietor of the Register, Observer, and Evening Journal, died, aged 56 years. 4th. An earthshock felt and heard at Wauka- ringa at 7 o'clock in the evening for about a minute and a quarter, apparently proceeding from the direction of the Murray. 5th. Hindmarsh State Schosl formally opened by the Minister of Education. 8th. The Moonta State School opened, and 820 scholars enrolled. 9th. Henry Mansell, Manager of the Moralana Station, near the Blinman, murdered by Henry Burke, blacksmith. 14th. The skeleton of a man, supposed to be that of a seaman mamed Neale who fell over board from the Mercury about nine months previously, found in the mangroves, five miles from Port Augusta. 16th Joha Penley died at Mitcham, aged 103 years. 23rd. The Acclimatization Society formed. 31st. Public meeting in the Town Hall to congratulate Earl Beaconsfield and the Imperial Government for their enlightened policy in connection with the Eastern Question in securing the peace of Europe. A resolution to that effect was carried. AUGUST. 4th. Jamestown new Wesleyan Church opened. 7 th. Explosion of seventeen cartridges of litho- fracteur on the Lake Hamilton run. Nine men severely injured while at breakfast in camp. 11th. Foundation-stone of Rosewater Primi- tive Church laid by Mr. H. O. E. Mnecke, J.P. 11th. Burnside United Methodist Free Church opened. 13th. Destructive fire at the premises of Messrs. A. Fond & Co., vinegar manufacturers, West-terrace; estimated loss, £1,000. 14th. His Excellency Sir William Jervois, Lady Jervois, and family arrived per Lusitania, from England. 15th. Foundation-stone of the residence and schools of the R.C. Society of Christian Brothers, Wakefield-street, laid by Dr. Reynolds. 19th. Foundation- stone of the German Club- house, Pirie-street, laid by Mr. F. Basedow, M.P. 20th. Foundation-stone of the Albert Bridge over the Torrens laid by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. H. Scott). 21st. First concert given by Madame Tasca, pisnbte, in the Town Hall. 22nd. Earthshocks felt at several places in the North wide apart from each other. 23rd, 24th. Annual exhibition of the South Australian Poultry Society held in the Town Hall. Very large number of exhibits. 28th. Public meeting in the Town Hall re taxa- tion. Resolved that the meeting was opposed to a tax upon incomes derived from mental or manual labour. 26th. The Hon. J. Colton resigned his seat as member for Noarlunga. (See September 14). September. 1st. Foundation-stone of the reading-room and library in connection with St. Francis Xavier's Hall, Wakefield-street, laid by Bishop Reynolds. 2nd. Fifth anniversary of the eight hours labour system held. Picnics on the Exhibition Grounds, at Bickham Grange near Paradise, and at Torrens Island. 2nd. The first rail of the Adelaide, Unley.and Mitcham Tramway laid by Mr. T. King, M P. 9th. The Hamley Bridge and Balaklava Rail- way commenced. 10th. Election of Mr. H. Scott, Dr. Campbell, Mr. J. Hodgkiss, and Mr. C.B. Young as mem- bers of the Legislative Council vice Sir Thomas Elder. Mr. T. English, Mr. W. Everard, and Mr. W. Storrie (resigned). Poll— Mr. H. Scott, 4.369: Dr. Campbell, 3,944; Mr. J. Hodgkiss, 3,714; Mr. O. B. Young, 2^04; Mr. A. B. Murray, 2,318; Mr. J. Pickering, 2,169 : Mr. R. Ingleby, 2,154 ; Mr. J. B. Spence, 1,712 ; Mr. R. Vaughan, 996 ; Mr. W. D. Scott, 809. 12th. Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society's Show of live stock, dairy produce, fruits, and vegetables, held at the Exhibition grounds. Attendance about 7,400 ; receipts for admission, £262 10s. 5d. 14th. The Southern Yorke's Peninsula Steam- ship Comnanv organized. 14th. Thomas Atkinson elected member for Noarlunga, vice Hon. J. Colton, resigned. Poll — Atkinson 205, James Jones 35. 17th. Mr. randolph Isham Stow, Third Judge of the Supreme Court, died, aged 49 years. 18th. Mr. Justice Gwynne returned to the colony from England. 19th. Foundation-stone of Jamestown Hos- pital laid. 19th. Foundation-stone of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Lecture Hall laid. 25th. The Hon. J. P. Boucaut, Q.C., appointed Judge of the Supreme Court, vice His Honor Mr. Justice Stow, deceased. 25th. The Boucaut Ministry resigned conse- quent upon the above appointment. 27th. The Morgan Ministry appointed as follows :— Chief Secretary, Hon. W. Morgan, Attorney-General, Mr. W. H. Bundey, Q.C.; Treasurer, Mr. C. Mann, Q.C. ; Commissioner of Crown Lands, Mr. T. Playford ; Commissioner of Public Works, ilr. G. C. Hawker ; Minister of Education, Mr. R. Rees. 25th. Farina Telegraph Station opened. 30th. Foundation-stone of the Appila Primi- tive Methodist Church laid. 30th. First appearance of Ernest Hutcheson (the Infant Mozart) in the Town Hall. OCTOBER. 2nd. Mr. Rowland Rees resigned office as Minister of Education. 5th. Mr. Thomas King appointed Minister of Education vice Mr. R. Rees resigned. 9th. The Kadina and Port Wakefield Railway owned by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. 10th. Mr. West-Erskine elected member for Encounter Bay vice Mr. J. P. Boucaut, resigned. Poll— West-Erskine 242, Allen 119. 13th. A tidal wave swept the eastern shore of St. Vincent's Gulf. 18th. The Kapunda and North-West Bend Railway formally opened by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. 20th. Stansbury Church (Anglican) opened by the Very Rev. the Vicar-General. 26th. Foundation- stone of the Semaphore Anglican Church laid by Lady Jervois. November. 2nd. The last of the Mayor's popular concerts given by the Philharmonic Society in the Town Hall. 2nd. Foundation-stone of the Whittaker Primitive Methodist Church, Qaeenstown, laid by Mr. W. Kelly, of Cudlee Creek. 4th. The Commercial Bank of South Aus- tralia commenced business. 9th. Prince of Wales's Birthday. Banquet given in the Town Hall by the Hon. H. Scott, Mayor of Adelaide, to about 250 of the leading citizens. 11th. Goolwa Institute Hall opened with a concert of secular music 14th. James Crabb. William H. Bennetts and Edward Quintrell killed at the 55-fathom level of Hughes's shaft of the Moonta Mines by the explosion of a blast without warning having been previously given as prescribed by the regulations. 18th. The Two Wells Institute opened by Mr. W. Cavenagh. M.P. 18th. Thomas William Heath accidentally shot dead at Stonyfell, near Burnside, by Albert Baxter while practising at rifle shooting. 20th. The Gawler Town Hall formally opened by His Excellency the Governor, Sir William Jervois. 20th. Great heat. Highest reading at the Observatory 105.5° in the shade, 167° in the sun. Destructive fires at Hoyleton and Redhill. Extensive damage at both places to the standing crops, hay, fences, and homesteads. 22nd. The Flinders-street Model School for- mally opened by His Excellency Sir William Jervois. 26th. Annual meeting of the South Australian Auxiliary Bible Society in the Town Hall, Sir William Jervois in the chair. 30th. Day of Intercession for foreign missions observed by the Anglican Church as suggested by the Archbishop of Canterbury. 30th. Parliament prorogued by His Excel- lency till February 4. 30th. Foundation-stone of Parkside Methodist Church laid. DECEMBER. 2nd. The 10,000th number of the Register published, with a reprint of the first number printed in South Australia, published origi- nally June 3, 1837. 3rd. City municipal elections. Mr. W. C. Buik elected Mayor. Poll— Buik, 2,185 ; Fuller, 1343. 3rd. Glenelg Open-Air Skating Rink opened. Large attendance of spectators. 7th and 8th. Six earthshocks at Alice Springs, passing from west to east, each lasting from 10 to 15 seconds. 9th. North Adelaide Tramway formally opened. 9th. Crowded public meeting in the Town Hall to protest against the introduction of Chinese labour. 12th, 13th, and 14th. Cricket match on the Oval, between the twelve Gentlemen of England and eighteen South Australian players ; won by the former. Score—South Australians, 247; English players, 248, with four wickets to spare. 16th. Mr. Caleb Peacock elected for North Adelaide without opposition, in place of Mr. Neville Blyth. resigned. 22nd (Sunday). Observed as a day of mourn- ing for the death of H.R.H. Princess Alice. 26th, 27th, and 28th. Cricket match on the Oval, between the Australian Eleven and Eighteen Adelaide players, won by the latter. Score—Australian Eleven, 154 ; Adelaide players, 174. 30th. Anniversary of the Proclamation of the Colony celebrated. General holiday. Various sports at Glenelg. Estimated number of vsitors, 90,000. 