<M?c SHCattarcc Ctmeg. WAT.T.AROO, SATURDAY, JAN. 11, 1879, A few months since the Mining Journal referred to the future of the copper mar ket in a very hopeful spirit and did not hesitate to assert that the season of de pression haying been tided over the time for making purchases had arrived. In fact it urged in the strongest manner possible the reasonableness of its views, with respect to the absolute certainty that existed of a steady rise in the price of the metal taking place, and considering {.he acknowledged reliability of the Jour nal in question, together with its means for gaining accurate knowledge on all subjects with which it deals, eyery confi dence was placed in its predictions of rapidly, approaching better times for our, particular local industry. It stated that t minimum had been reached and in consequence those who became buyers at the low prices then ruling would make fortunes by their speculations. The question arises whether under all aspects of the question, the Mining Journal has proyed a false prophet or not, and notwithstanding the present unsatisfactory condition of the copper market, we are of opinion that its state ment on the subject, to which we have alluded, was not only perfectly justifiable at the time it was made, but also that the rapid improvement anticipated received a check from causes that could not have been foreseen and which can only be temporary in their influence. The failure of Messrs James Sawers & Go., merchants of Liver pootoocurred shortly after the article we have mentioned , appeared.- They were large importers of copper ore and copper, and at'the time they stopped payment they were holders of stock td the extent of -SODd tons. It is qgite natural |o conclude ^Shkt the creditor pf ther|jfi^p would, in order to \ bring fcheir^J«M6rs- to conclusion, force a sale of this, enormous quantity in order thafcih&y; might the more readily realise the amount of theii^geveral claims on the estate bf the insolveiS®, eyen if a somewhat lower rate of dividend'was in consequence declared. In fact its sale would be necessary in order that the affairs of the firm might be wound up, as to wait for a rise in the copper market before that took place might be regarded as equivalent to postponing it for ati indefinite period. It therefore stands to reason that the effect of throwing such a large quantity of eopper on the market for the acknowledged purpose of realising a bankrupt's estate would inevitably have the effect of causing a depreciation in price of the article that would affect the market in general for a considerable time. Another cause which has oper ated materially against a healthy toue prevailing in the copper market has affected injuriously other industries in even a greater degree than our own, and paralysed in some degree commercial transactions in general. "We allude, of course, to the great number of failures in the mother country commencing with Banking and other establishments of high standing and extensive resources, and eventually including many smaller ones, with which they were connected, and thus extending the area of ruin far be yond what might have been at first antici pated. The causes above mentioned are sufficient of themselves to account for the present condition of the Copper Market, but they are unfortunataly supplemented by the widely spread distress which pre vails in G-reat Britain, and is attributed by an eminent financier to the inflation that took place in 1870, in all mercantile transactions and resulted m a proportion ale depression, from which trade generally is now suffering a slow recovery. It is, however, satisfactory to know that it is j the confident belief of those who while best able to form opinions on the subject, are at the same time by no means remark able for entertaining over sanguine views in reference to matters of the kind,that the worst is mostdeeidedly over, and that, consequently, there is every hope of & speedy change for the better taking place in all departments of com mercial enterprise. "With respect to the views taken by the Mining Journal to which we have referred, we think that subsequent events have amply justified them, for in-the face of the depressing influences to which we have alluded, we think it a highly satisfactory circumstance that copper has maintained its ground so well as it has done, and we have no doubt that if the extensive failures, which have had so disastrous effect upon trade in general, bad not occurred, that the de- j pression which previously existed would not have prevented the Copper Market ; from regaining a healthy condition and the statement in the Mining Journal in reference to the great profits to be made by purchasers would have proved to be literally correct. We have applied to the Surveyor-General for some of the plans of Snow Town, only two, how ever, have been sent up. One may be seen at our Office Wallaroo or Kadina. It will be seen by reference to our advertising columns that a meeting of gentlemen intending to | enrol under the South Australian Rifle Associa tion will be held at the Cornucopia Hotel, this (Saturday) evening. The following is the traffic on the undermen tioned lines for the week ending Decembor 28, 11878, Port Wakefield, Blyth and Kadina—Pas sengers, 607, £123 12s 9d; 3t>ods, £31916s Id ; Wharfage, £13 10s 3d; total, £457 8s Id: Kadina and Wallaroo—Passengers, 1,981, £69 4s lOd; Goods, £215 19s 6d, total, £346, Os 2d. The Register states that the body of Miss Iionisa Yelland has been found a little to the north of Milang, and four miles from where the boat eapsised. The body of Mr W- Yelland has been found very near -where the boat upBet. An inquest will be held. The steamer Sturt, and search parties, both black and white, are still oat. Mr R. D. Walker (Middlesex) and Mr F. Penn (Kent), left London on November 14, in the Pocmah, on their way to Melbourne, to join the party of English cricketers, under the captaincy of Lord Harris. As the grant for free Education terminated on the 31st December, 1878, it .will be necessary for those who intend to take advantage of the grant for 1879, to make fresh application to the head masters of the various public schools previous to their reopening, Recent telegrams state that there is nothing new to record as regards the £ellys or Weibprg. The police are apparently helpless in both matters There seems to be some reason to believe that Kelly's gang have passed over to New South Wales. As to Weiberg, he seems to have got into the bosh near die spot from whence he made' his escape, and is likely to remain there. : . We regret to learn that by a bushfire near Hpyleton considerable damage his been done to the farm of Mr G-. Barnard. The fire was first nojticed by the servants 9n the farm at 10 o'clock on Saturday morning, and about vgq hours after wards it reached Mr Barnard's properly. 3?oriy chain® of fence on the south side and a quantity of gra8« wepe burned, and a number of young olive trees were destroyed. There was great diffi culty in saving tb« house. A' hut belonging to Mr Evans waa sleo burnt to the ground. , The first'meeting of the Devon Consols United ifining Company, consisting of 2,000 shares, was fylg intin? Seefgfe? plumber <m Wednesday January 8. There were, present fifteeen share holders, representing 870 shares. Mr Blades was Chairman. The articles of association of the Company were approved and passed. Messrs F. J. Blades, H..BeUingham, and J. Richards were elected Directors. In order to enhance the appearance of an ob ject it is necessary that something should be placed in a position to act as a foil and thereby afford a striking contrast to its noticeable features In carrying out this principle, however, "the general effect of that which is under view is riot always secured, and, as an instance, we may point to the. interior of our Court House, thfe ceiling of which, having been recently renovated presents a faultless appearance, although the walls are not only stained and diity but varie gated hero and there by white splashes from the j brushes employed in the work referred to. We think it would have been far better to have allowed the whole interior of the building to pre sent one uniform aspcct of uneleauness than by painting one portion of it render the remainder more, prominent by its general aspect of grimy 8habbiness» About 7 o'clock on Wednesday morning last, as a trolly containing ten men was running on the line near Fort Wakefield a man, who was a little distance ahead, accidentally dropped a stick on the rails which threw the trolly off the line and caused the men to fall out, and one of them named James Crocker, who happened to be un dermost, had his leg broken. He was accordingly forwarded by the half-past two" o'clock train io Kudina, and brought from thence by 'bus to Wallaroo and taken to the Hospital, where he was immediately attended by Dr Gosse, who states that the small bone of his right leg is frac tured but in all probability he will be! quite we^l in the course of a few weeks. In the report of the Timber trees sub-committee of the Chamber of manufactures, Mr Alexander Murray, of Craiglee, states that he finds the red gums will not hurt the grass or crop around them. He has two in his hay paddock—one about 12ft. in diameter, and the other about 7ft. Sin. at the same height. The crop he finds grow well around them, but blue gum and peppermint are hurtful to the grass or crops beneath them. By reference to our advertising columns it will be Been that the Moonta Choral Society intimate their intention of giving a concert at each of the | following places—namely, Moonta, Xadina, Wallaroo, and Maitland. The Concerts of this Society have invariably been of a very high order of merit, both in the ihusio selected and the manner in which it has been rendered. The present programme includes the choruses from Semiraznide, the whole of Locke's splendid music to Macbeth, and choice vocal gems, and cannot fail to be thoroughly appreciated by all loyers of first class compositions, as well as attract large audiences, the more especially when it is remem bered that this series of concerts are the last in which Mr and Mrs GK C. Smith will take part, owing to their being about to leave Moonta. This circumstance, we must remark, is greatly to be regretted, as the success of the Choral Society's concerts are mainly due to the efforts of Mr Smith, ably seconded as they have been by other members of the Society, but more particularly by Mrs Smith whose excellent voice and excep tional musical abilities have rendered her deser vedly popular on the Peninsula. No little surprise was caused early on Thurs day morning in Wallaroo at the appearance of the steamer " Royal Shepherd" under sail, and endeavouring to beat into the bay, at the same time making signals to the Harbour Master to go on board. After her arrival it was ascertained that at about 7 o'clock on the preceding evening, owing to there not being sufficient water in the boiler, the pipes became red hot and set fire to the. coal bunkers, add eyentually the boiler itself cracked. All hands were immediately set to : work, part of the deck was broken up, and [ the fire having apparently been subdued, the crew continued during the night to 1 remove cargo from the. vicinity of the Engine room in case of any further outbreak occurring, the vessel being put under sail and arriving at Wallaroo about 10 a.m. We have been informed that an arrangement has been made with the captain of the Kangaroo to take the passengers and cargo of the Royal Shepherd on to Port Augusta and the latter vessel will be towed to Ade laide for repairs. It seems that the accident was owing to the neglect of the second engineer who was in charge at the time and but for the fireman keeping the fire unusually low, an explosion must have taken place and the Boyal Shepherd would have added another to the list of ships which have disappeared and left no trace of the fate that has befallen them. It ib satisfactory to be informed that so for from blame attaching to anyone else in the matter, the passengers have testified their entire approval jof the conduct of the officers and crew of the vessel in the following testimonial which has been for warded to ob for publication:— Wallaroo Bay, Jan. 10,1879.] We, the undersigned passengers by the Royal Shepherd hereby tender to Captain Cbas. Ander-* son our heartfelt thankB for the coolness and,' seamanlike manner displayed during the perilous position in which we were placed on th9 night of the fire (Jan. 8,) on board his ship. We have also much pleasure in tendering the same to the Chief officer and crew who work*d bravely and manfully on the occasion. Everything was done that possibly could be for the safety of the pas , sengers and ship. Capt. Gordon, a passenger on board rendered very valuable assistance. (Signed) T P Jones, T E Acraman, Jas. MeRay, (Ship wright) P T Pound, Andrew Nicolson, William Lalseu, Joseph Oakley, Charles Dix, I) McMahon, Sydney G Gpdfiy, <5sorge Moray, H Pilton, John Mudie, Frank Willbisky, F Antonia.; The Rev. A. Fitcliett of the Wesleyan Trinity Church, Otago, S. Z. has communicated to the Rev, |£r Crump, the Superintendent of the Con ference the fact that he is not prepared to accbpt another appointment. He states that he has iiot the smallest ground of difference with his congre gation, but the law of the Church had removed him twice from them. He has been sixteen years under this lav and resisting it all the time. He simply finds that he Is unable to abidp under this itinerant law, which is objected to by nearly all (he Ministers of New Zealand, and which is im posed by the Ctonferegoeof Australia: bat to de part in any sense from any of the principles be lias been teaching is what he is absolutely incapable of. SPOILT8 AT MAITLAND. Our Maitland correspondent writing on Jau. 7, 1879, says—Since my last the weather has been most changeable and has much re tarded the reaping. I hare nothing new to report with regard to the yield, hut still maintain my opinion formed from all infor mation I can gather, that there will be an average of only®6 to 8 bushels to the acre, taking the Hundreds of Maitland and Kilkerran together. New Tear's Day was celebrated here by the holding of Athletic Sports, the same as were held last year, but the attendance wais not sogood aswas expected, and the fair sex, who give'a gity appearance to all such scenes were con spicuously absent.. I do not believe that I be held more than one or twoon the ground. The only exception being some who adorned Txii Mr Pearce's fine Yorke Valley Hotel. The absence of many may be accounted for in various ways. Firstly, it is a very busy time with our farmers, who ; must« and are obliged to take advantage of I every hot day to make up for the loss of many days of reaping which the Hnpropitious state of the weather has causcd them to sustain. Secondly—Many object to the practice of holding these amusements in the township, and more especially opposite a public house, as however respectable a house may be, yet pater familias does not like his offspring to spend a day of pleasure in its close vicinity. No doubt if a pic-nic with sports had been held instead, it would have been better attended. We trust that those whose praiseworthy wish to cater for the public amusement and give, more especi ally to our young folks, a day of rejoicing will remember these remarks on future occasions, lhc oports began at about a little after noon, lbe following gentlemen acted in the various capacities mentioned below, to the entire I satisfaction of all present—Judges—Messrs 1\. Hen wood and J. Pearce; Handicappers— j Messrs T. O'Brien and J. J. Thomas Slarler-D. A. Fiinloff; Hon. Sec.-W.' O Brien. The following are the Sports :— Event—150 Yards Flat Bsce—Maidens, 4 entries. B, Francis first, T, Francis second. 2nd Event—200 Yards Handicap Flat Race. 4 entries; J. Lowe first, J. Cornish second. 3r t BT?nt—Itace. 7 entries. J. King first, A. Rutter second. This as usual caused great fun. 4th Event—Three-Legged Bace 100 Yards. .Handicap. 3 entries. _ Lowe and Butter first, Meyerhoff and Crocker second. Well run. ^5th Event—Eunuing Long Jump. Three en Won easily by Alfred Short by a jump of ^i 8' -A-lbert Short second. Event—!Flat Race Handicap, 1 mile. Five Won in capital form by Mr O'Connor, his nrst appearance as a runner. He headed his competitors from the commencement and kept thelead throughout. J. Swann a good second, this young man bids fair to be a good mile runner, towards the end he put on a spurt but was too late, 7th Event—Boy's Bace 100 yards. 6 entries. J. Manning first, D. FJintoff an excellent second; although a smaller boy than his opponent, he kept the lead all the way until shoTahead6 winning p0st when Manning. 8th Event- Standing High Jump, 3 entries. J. Lowe first, A. Short second. 9th Eveat—Tilting, 8 entries. J. Bent ley first, B. Schulter second. ^veat—Greasy Pole, 3 entries. inis feat was accomplished by a little boy named J. Manning who on obtaining the prize, a meerschaum pipe (wbich I bope he , may not use for years) .was loudly cheered. Ihe little fellow struggled manfully for it. 11th Event—Walking match, one mile handi cap, 6 entries. -Francis first, Gr. Tucker second. 12th Event—Quoit match, 7 entries. Hitchcock first, Jones second. Some very good play- was exhibited. 13th Event-Boys Flat Bace, 100 yards liandi cap. first' T* Harper making a good 14th Event—Dipping for oranges, 7 entries. lhis caused some fun. Partington first, iratin second. In consequence of the lone in terval between the events six had to be passed over, amongst which was the " Tug of War " There was no music to enliven the scene which was another mistake. In the evening Ashton a Circus gave a capital entertainment to a crowded house, and the various feats, which were far above the average, seemed to delight the audience. During the day the Champion Walking match between Tucker the Champion Walker of Yorketown, and Francis of Maitland took place. Some good walking was exhibited, but Francis having broken close to the winning post Tucker was declared the winner and the stakes handed over to him. 