APr?IAcrTIONS FOP LAND,-The follow ing applications. are Gazzetted as up ºroved::-Leases under see 20.-G. Hurt and J' Duff, Spring Plaites Michael Ryan, Baynton, uald Tooborac ; . West. blhade and J. Myers, Langworner W. O'tBrion, Gleuhope ;: P. Uoinniu. Heath cote Grants under see; 20.-J. Casnp. bell, Latugworenor, CoertortoN.-Mr. M'?indlay requests us. to. state that at the Croshin Races. his Doubtful in thie Iauldicap was placed second by misinke, she, only going tt'o. rounds out of three. Darkie and Norman funning inside the post, near the finish, the 3rd horse Stringer divided thleo t.tako whift their#, ioibtfu not AvCTrlQN SAALs.-'Mr H . Thlomas an. niouces, by advertisement and; posters that l e..will 'hiid, sales as follow.--,.Oni Sattirdy,. 8th inst., at the Rodney Ex change, Haatli9ote,. the property. of Mr. Rlliiot, e;. Mount .Pleasant; on 'Thursday 13th inst", the property of Mr. D; Wilhsie,, at his residence, Utrosbli ;. on Tuesday 18th inkt,, at the :aMounit Cainol Hotel, the property of Mr.: R '?vade, "situate at V'olleeni, anod, at an early date the pro party of Mr J. Connell at Heathcoto,. Ssluous.Loss By FiRa,-On Wednoslay last weck, we regret to say Mr. Timothy i'tyrphy, firmner. living on the KyInetot roads?eigu title mlisl-3i, was a heavy loser by a bush-fire, hardly anything being savered, besidles Ihis house, and that was saved with great difficulty. The grass being long in th usnighbourhood, aud a strong hot wind blowing at the time, the fire sp read rapidly; 1lie whole of Mr. Murphvy's produce of thp seasou .was con sulted, consi~stiug of 30 bags of oats, 8 of wheat, and: some thirty bags, of seconds, *u-nd also, a reaping nuchiuno, harlness, 'and iuntueroti other articles used on a. farm; together ivith strawv stacks, tencing and a number of acres of grass It was.reported thalt several pigs wore.burnt in tih stye, hqt thisd is not correct. Mr Murphy, we urderstaud, was away front homote at the timio of the occurrence. Others ii the locality weore also ufferers, muely', Messrs. Q. Westblado, I Camphell, Newhy, and Ilanrahan, who lost a qu'uity of fencing and grass, the lasti named having about 300 chalins of fkec ing consuutumd. hae e niiot heard how the fire originutted. M1as .Sruno, AT S.?ui 'TnsT.--We ltake thu; fidloh hing pauragraphls from the Sand Innst [,paers the '3omndig Adver.tiset" of Saturday says:- "ly. iihvitatioit a number of ladies and gentlemen tl oin onoe of the rooms of the Maslio Hi:lafll t evening, for the purpose of listening to. :,oaie readings givoen by Mrs. Strong, of lloathcoto who contomplates shortly mtaking her dectl before tihe pubhlic n a reader, Anmong tho selections road were Dickens' description of Paul's death, from "'Domhey and Son"; ]{ary O'Moro's preasnt to the priest," "(Levor) ;- "Vir giiuis," (alacauley) ; one of MrS. Caudle's curtain lectures, (U. Jorrold) ; and s~aeeral others. It will ho soon that the extracit sembraced a good variety iu different styles of composition,· and would, there fore, greatly tax the ability of theo reader. Mrs. Strong was very successful in all her elforts, but especially so in theo lumorous reiadiigas. Her voice, whilo not very *powerfiil, is one that can be listened to with pleasure, and the read.or brings an aiboutit of general: ihtolligednc to boat upon her readings that could, not'fail to be appreciated. Judging of Mrs, Strong's porforbnahces of Ipst evening, we Mwould venture.to say that tht publio recitals, Iho intenda to give will lirove attractive." In reference to the foregoing the "Bendigo Evening News" has thile. following:- "Representeitives of the Press, and a few select ladies and gentleinon were oinvited. to, a pleasant rehearsal of readings and re citations,ýgiven by Mrs. Strong in 'the Masonio HIll Mrs, Strong is the widow of the late Mr. J.T Strong, who. was ongin) eer to the Marong Shire Council, and. was much respected during , his resi. dele. in Sandhurat., lThe object of :Mrs. Strong giving; a,:private seance was for the purpose of satisfying. her friends. that her pretensions to, histrionio ability were-well founded, Mr. J. M'In tyro, M.L.A., introduced Mrs; 'Strong to those present, and that lady theanread the "Death of little Paul," "TRory O'More's presbnt: to the priest," "Virginius," :"a Caudle lecture," and also gave a recita. tion. It will be scen, Ktherefore, that Mrs. Strongvaried the authors. and.xread. iugs. At the. close of eachl she was ap. plauded. Mrs. Strong hassall the elements of a good reader and reciter. She wis not nervous, and apparently .hax' looked at a much, larger audience ,than she had last night, She spoke :clearly, but too. rapidly, in the sensational portions of her repertoire, while this point was the very gist of her represeutation of- Rory 0, More and Mrs. Caudle. At times ih the latter reading, Mrs. Strong would. suggest the vivacity and versatility of Mrs: Scott Siddons, and with epre and attention will make a most favourable impression. in higher literature. We understand it is the intention of Mrs. Strong to appear before a larger audience as soon as ar rangeniets. can. bho complhted.'. The criti cism of the "Bondigo Indeplendent" is as severe as the foregoing are.: favonable, but we hBve no doubt Mrs. Strong, will survive it., : Inmportations of liquid rubbish are being made and false tonics are being brought out, with thoeview in. some instances of supplanting, in others of imitating a medi cal beverage which the inhabitants of Austra. lia know to possess genuine invigorative, de. purative and diuretic efficacy, The article iS UDOLPHo WoLFE's ScHIEDAsM ARoMATIc SctNAPPs,. Buy it and repudiate the shams,. Satrday's "Daily oTelegraph" gives.par. ticular:of an accident which occurredon Fridaymnorning at the Footacray railway station.. A porter named Richard Scully, whilst attempting to cross the line, was kngcko1 downw and run over by a. train which was. approahbing tliastationi>at full speed. The unfortu?nato fellow's legs wero fearfully managled, and it was found necessary to at once amputate thorn, an operation whiLh was performed, at. the Melbourne Hospital,.whither the sufferer was promptly conveyed. He, however, sank under t' a shock, and died, at 6 o'olock last evening. W0 "Waranga. Chronicle" have hoard from thelo most reliable authority-at loast as far as any authority can. he reliable on. suth a matter-tihat the I.elly gang prior to their raid in New South Wales territory, had planned a descent on Murchison,'but ultimately- abandoned their, amicable in tentions on learning-through their spies, we suppose,-that special preparations fo'r their reception had been made by this particular town. . <A fearful gunpowder acoldenit happened on Wednesday (says the "Ballarat Star") to a boy, about ten 'years of 'age, named' Craig, son of Mr. J, Craig, once the secretary .of the- Ballarat City Firo Brigade, and we regret to say the dreadful injuries which the poor little fellow received have resulted fatally. Ho was left alone in his parents' home, which is some listance beyond St. Arnaud, and. to amuse himself dulring their abiunce, he managed' to got hold'of a flask of pm wder, which he held over the fire as he shook a few grains out at. a time, and ens joyed the explosion, An unlucky tilt of the.. flask, by-and-bye, sent too much powder into the fire at once, and the result was that all' the contents of the flask exploded, and nearly blew young Craig's right hand 'off, the wrist being tornasander, and the hand left hanging by a few'shreds'of skin and flesh, This, however, was not. the most serious in jury he received, for the flask, with tkrriblo impetus, struck him on the. left temple, and tore away a portion of the frontal bone, leaving a horrid.gash in his head,from which the brain protruded. Th& ehild was soon discovered in a senseless state- by his dis tressed parents, who immediately sought medical aid, but some time elapsed before it was procured, and the boy's woulnds having *been-temporarily dressed, he was brought to the hospital hero, and admitted at 3 o'clock on Thursdaymprning. Prom .the first there was very little hope of the suffeir'sreecovery,: and be gradually .sank till he expired at i, o'clock inri tto afternoona-auotlihr iictiin,"df that fatal carlessness in. parents which cause them to 'lavo. such: dangerous explosive within the reach of their tender offspring.. 'His Excellenoy thol Marquis of No* manby arrived in Melbourne yestorday qv,ening,:and took the usual oaths as 'ad innistrator of thiGovernimunt oVictori pending the arrival of His' Excellenoy'g commission as Governor, which is ex pected by the coming , mail. Thq Ringarooma, conveying, the. Governor was met at Qmlmensclff b thlioe Govorn. monit steamer Victoria, and His Excollonoy was conveyed on. hoard the latter, whord the Acting Chief Secretary, the Miiniste of Mines, and the Minister of Railway4 were presented to 'him. Salutes wore fired by the Victorian and the Queenscli batteries, and also, on the Viatori reacting Saudridge, by the Nolson an H.M.S.S. Daiao. The now Governor op reaching Sandridge had a very hearty reception fronm a great concourse of people,.many of whom had come fro; Melbourne. The ceremony of swerning in took place at Governxncnt-houso at half-.past 8 o'clock. There was is lar,: and representative assemblage of citizenc present, The oaths were administerod. as usual, by his Ilonour the Chief Justice. Addresses were presented from the City Council and the \IelhJburL. Iiarbour Trust, to which His I ccelenc; gave hielt' roplis. Lady NntWub" who eatns froii New Zeand with iis Excelleocy, is still, wo regret to say, a great invalid, and so?lfred much o0 tie touttll I'ssaae wi?bh thie ltinga0roo11ua ex. pieriieced,--" Argis " Friday. Thie Eiglisht _t ail brings nemii of s dreadlful colliery ex\lo.0ion in the Valley if boldibtda, somth tValcs, resulting in thie loss of sixty lives. Parlticunlare appeor it Monday's " 'elegrapIhl 