Wit and Humor. A Skuious Warning. — One reason why more people did not go into tbe Ark, is, tliat Noah neglected to advertise in tbe papers. There is a great moral lesson contained in tbis fact. The hair of a Montpelier lady turned ?white in a single Diglit last week. She fell into a flour barrel. Lost Fcs. —Judge : — ?' Prisoner, why will you drink? Now, look at me ! I am sixty, an) I never tasted liq ior.' 1'ris mer ?. '-You've lost lots of fun, then, judge, sure as you're born.' Different Ways op Doing the Same Thing. — An a'to ney, about to finish a bill of costs, was requested by his client, a bakor, to mate it as a light as lie could. Ah !' replied the attorney, ' that's what you may say to. your foreman; ;but it's uot the way I make my bread.' PjiOPEssiON (in composition class). — ' Yoa may have lor one of your subjects for your next essay, maimers.' C. '81 — ' Can we write, on Liad manners, in college?' Professor. — -Certainly, write about whatever you are best a&juainted; | with.' — Yale Record. By as Old Bachelou. — It takes good deal of grief to kill a '.roman just after she has got a sealskin jacket. TooTiuje. — Scene: An Eating-house. — OW gentleman — 'Waiter, hoiv is this ? These potatoes are quite hard ?' Waiter (with presence of mind) — '* Hard times, you know, sir.' — Jitdii. ' Brilliast aud impulsive people,' said a lecturer ou physiognomy, ?' have black eves, or if they don't have 'em they're apt to get 'cm, if they're too im pulsive. Ax Aberdeen papa bent on instructing his son, said, ' If you. had three apples, and should give me one, how many would you have left ?' ' I wouldn't do it, pa,' was the prompt replv. Prudent Husband. — ' Every man should provide liberally for bis family,' says Mr. Smith. ' Ever since iny mar riage I have kept my wife provided with a sewing machine, surmounted hy 8 fine mirror.' ' That 'ere Dog.'— At noon yesterday there was a piece of bedcord, a dog, and a man oa tlie Woodward- avenue portico of the city-hall. if . the dog could have had his say about it he would probably have offered the mau for sale at a low figure ; but dogs in this country are dumb. . It was the mau who explained : — Yes, this 'ere dog is for sale. I kinder thought when I left home that I wouldn't take less'n 10 dollars for him ; but I find on gettiu' here that most everybody owns five or six dogs apice, and so I s'pose I'll have to come} down to six or seven dol lars. I hate to do it, though. If the old woman wasn't, wearing a horse- blanket for a skirt and tlie children barefooted, I wouldn't part with this dog even up for the biggest rhinoceros in Barnum's hull colleckshun.' ' Auv mean traits about him?' inquired the citizen. 'Waal, no,' slowly replied the owner, ' not any down right' mean trick.' 'Then, why do you wish to sell him ?' 'Waal, I can't lie, even to sell a dog and as bad as the old woman wants a new ijliirt. Tho fact is we have kinder lost confidence in Bozer, and the old woman iu pertickler is down on him.' 'HowJ was it?' 'I don't keer about the dog's hearin' what I say,' re plied the man, as he lowered his voice aud drew off a little. ' You see, he took the durudest streak on yon ever heard of. One day he left home and came back with j a wallet in his mouth. There was GOO dollars in it. Next day he brought home a diamond earing. Next night be came home with a gold watch and chain, and on his next trip he brought home over ten lost pocket-books, ten gold watches, live diamond rings, and sixj wool robes.' ' Great heavens ! but is that so ?' ex claimed the citizen, looking the dog over anew. 'Yes, that is so, aud that's why we've lost confidence in him, and why I want to sell him. I'm afraid lie don't comc by those things honestly, and they are a burthen on my conscience. The old . woman has turned over everything to the sheriff to he restored, and she says if we keep the dog we're aiding and abetting robbery.' 'If I take the dog I shall simply keep him in the barn,' observed the citizen. 'Just so. If you let him out he'll find a lost walie', sure.' ' I shall sec that he remains locked up day and night, my honest friend, and, by the wav, let me compliment you on your rare display of conscience. You deserve the thanks of every man. Here are seven dollars for your dog.' ' Thank yoa,' was the humble reply, and that meek and humble look didn't leave the man's face until the dog -and his new. . owner had turned a corner. Then lie didn't .say anything. He merely gave vent to a chuckle, which sounded 'like ico breaking on a mansard roof iir a thawing day and coming down oil a lot of' scrap iron. — Detroit Free Press. A Stobv About Musiiuooms. — Very few of tho vnush room stories now in cir culation ore geuuine. There appears to be a natural inclination in the human breast to lie about this fun gus. The Britishers, for instance, have a palpable un'ruth in circulation about a mushroom which forced its way through 12in: of concrete and a layer of asphalte iu the Loudon Post office. But the transparency of the lie counteracts, the density of the concrete and destroys the cohesion of the asplialle must effectually. Yet mushrooms are kinder piercing, and that reminds us that one time we built a house in Monterey on a grass plot where boys' vised to get whole baskets of mushrooms. The first rainy weather that came just lifted the houso .Sft. off the ground in One night, and next morning there it stood propped up on mushrooms, and th« mnh and butcher had to hand thei* orders in I with a 10ft. pole. The mushrooms couldn't stand the weight of tho house ' long, of course, because it was a three story brown stone front, with 11 rooms and a bath tub, patent range, and a grand piano, so it gradually settled down again. In fact there was too mush-room in the house ? [This story has got to stop light here.— Ed. N. L.~\—San Francisco Letter. A remarkable natural phenomenon was observed yesterday {saya the Rock bampton Bulletin of. the 18tii ult.) by numbers ofpeisoue, bnt especially by tbe teachers and ; : children 'attending the Central Schools, William-street. As one of the assistant-teachers came ont of school with tlie scholars, at tbe 11 o'clock recess, his attention was arrested by some-one exclaiming, ' Oh 1 look at the sea. ' And on raising bis eyes to the southern part of tlie sky, slightly above the horizon,, there was, 6ure enough, a panoramic view of the sea at Emu Park, and while be looked the islands in the bay rose into view one after another, showing Barren Island, Hummocky, and Great and North Keppel Islands. Soon every eye was directed to the aerial picture, and the1 view is described as one of the most ex traordinary, beautiful, and interesting th? spectators ever beheld. So natural was the illusion that the reflection of a bush fire on North Keppel Island was plainly seen, aud it is asserted tbat tbe appear a.uoe of a'sbip.was also visible. From what has been already said, we need hardly state that the unusual spectacle was a mirage— an optical illusion risiug from au unequal refraction in the lower strata of tbe atmosphere, and causing remote objects to be seen double, as if reflected by a mirror. The phenomenon lasted for about half-an-hour. 