THE STORY-TELLER. A PINE FORTUNE' W By J. C. F. JOHNSON. Author of On the Wallaby,' 'Over the Island,' ' Christmas on Carringa,' etc. Chapter, I. introduces the man and the hour. Loke who that is m >-t vortuous alway, Fnve and apers, a'-d mosL entendetu ay 'o do the geut.il d-xiee that he can, And take hun f r the gretest geuiletnan " Chauceb. " He had a acj like a benediction," Hon Quixote. A scorching Australian summer's day, with scarce a breath of air to stir the droop- ing gum-tree leaves, made yet more pendu lous by the intense heat. A day so hot that the very cicadas — those creatures of the sun —found the exertion of sounding their shrill metallic call too great, and . merely i gave a low ' y r r — ang,' an intervals, to tell their brethren the crickets that they would be ready to continue the interrupted concert when the evening approached. The birds had long since given the case up in despair, and had retired to the most shady spots.; near the creeks and w aterholes, where the whilom merry songsters sat inert and motionless, with gaping bills 'and trailing: wings in mute protest at the dreadful heat. Even the pugnacious wnnahg, those forest Ishmaels, had concluded an armistice with their hereditary enemies, .- the mows, and both sat drooping and -panting on the samer bough. With the exception of here and there a graceful native cherry, its delicate pale green standing out brightly against the dusky eucalyptus foliage, there: was no grebn thing to relieve the unbroken , monotony of sombre tints. An occasional whisper and movement amongst the highest tree-tops told of the passage of a breath of air, but it j was nothing but the small: offshoot of some; sirocco from the glaring stony deserts of the far interior that had lost its way, and,: seduced by the intense' warmth, had un wittingly wandered ?o far .south / Even the usual clear blue of the .Australian sky,! which is a relief in colour; at least from the surrounding warm tints,: was denied; for distant bush-fires, the inevitable accompani ment of Australian summers, had spread a pall of smoke overhead, causing Ahe sun to f b Z a huge burnished copper disc, and the blue sky to appear a hazy reddish dome,, through which the sun's rays struck hotly, and more unpleasantly than from a clear expanse. A narrow dusty track, worn into deep ruts and intercepted by stumps And .sprawling fpots, winds hither and thither amongst the timber. Formed by the bullock teams of the pioneers,- which, moving patiently onward, bore down smaller obstacles, but avoided, such as were beyond their strength the bush road, though it usually takes a very eccentric course, yet tends surely, If deviously, in the Proper direction. ... 7 ' Travellers iu Australia, especially such as propfifltora qf vns $j$erlt tines have oxc'uei ve light ct publlshiny this. 4 Jwrtfcy f . bottds And shin ntnl irtfrlrif wjiivw unknown anTSnWf their memories ' wlU ?arry \- , btub, that stood like hanks on either elde, climbmgpreoipitoa8| rock-reared ranges, npagmng through boulder-strewn gullies in the bfeds of summer-dried mountain torrents, « faamtoifee:far4i»UQe. hke a brown snake through the rich greenery , of some ?un1dlesau«vial plain,, -with its scattered hlackwooda or belts of quandong, dogwood, and black oak. .P uncomfortable, crooked old bush roads, we see younow but seldom— neve indeed, unless we go very far afield. Fou have given place to long straight lines' ot bright eteel rails or smooth macadam, and where the mild-eyed bullocks with their musical bells once plodded so slowly and patiently, the rail way train with ife shrieking iron stbed now goes careering over the erst while unbroken solitudes. Yet some of us cannot refrain from asking, with Mrs. Brown- mg— Wnen we drive forth in our chariot's msjestical \- wmte horsBS) , . . . Wjys|sBr than the first men who toek black ones cll> we can't have both, the seed and ,tae Rower. 'Tis said only romancers need ' complain that the pleasant old easy-going ! times- — the days of dolce far niente and bul- iock- drays— have given place to the age of progress and rapid transit. Some say, ' The world wags all the better ; let us laugh, « e of; to-day. ' Perhaps it does ; yet there be many who regret, the departure of the dear old days when for them life was fraught with such glorious possibilities in the new land of the South. But ail this long preamble brings us very slowly to our story. On this broiling January day a little ncketty spring-cart, with a tattered and patched tilt that had once been white, came crawling slowly through the s « eltering heat, appearing and disappearing- — as it swayed in the dnst- filled ruts — between the tall boles of the boxgum forest. The occupant of the vehicle, which was evidently a hawker's cart, sat on the front part, with h:s body bent forward and his feet resting . on the footboard, giving vent to his thoughts in an audible but dreamy tone : a not unusual habit with men who live much in solitude. "He was dressed in a rough serge shirt, worn loosely as a coat, and moleskin trousers stuffed into tall boots, while his head was crowned by a flap ping felt hat neither new nor beautiful. He .was a tall powerful-looking man, who evi dently bore his age well, for he « as still ro bust in body, though his hair and bushy eye brows were perfectly white. . _ This was s 'John Jepster, hawker,' for so a tin plate on the side of the cart informed passers by. Although thus so roughly at tired, Jack Jepster, or, as he was more com monly called by his bush customets, Calico Jack' (on account of his employment as a dealer in that fabric), was not a man who would be passed, even iu a crowd, without at least a second giauce. His face was the great attraction. The head was large and well set. The cleanly-shaven cheeks were but little browned by the weather, and his complexion was fresh and almost florid. The brow was broad and squat e, the nose big and by no means classical in contour, and the mouth large and firm, but yet capable of great tenderness of expression. The eyes, however, were the principal charm. They were widely set, very full and luminous, of that clear grey colour that most success fully resists the attacks of time and climate. Eyes which it did one good to look into, re flecting as they did both tenderness and truth. And though the man's face sho ed lines of trouble or of sorrow, the calm smil- ing eyes told plainly of a heart void of offence towards all mankind, and irresistibly inspired every one who looked at them with a feeling of respect and trust, if not of positive affec tion fortheir owner. Wherever he went Jack Jepster was a feneral favourite with old and young alike. 'ew Then and no women could long resist the influence of his pleasant smile and genial' manner. Children, from the precocious jroung ' gumsuckerV-as old : at fourteen as lis father was at four-and-twebty, and who indeed would have indignantly denied the imputation of being a Child in any sense of the word — to tiny toddlers whose only anguage was the univeraallanuageof baby- . lood, ay, even to infants, in arms— all took at first sight to the big kindly-eyed man. It is most true that children and dumb .creatures, implied by an unerring instinct t;Ha$ no books' can teacn, trust without re-, serve the men and women, and those only; who really love them; That this is indeed the case, those whose high privilege and pleasure it is ever to gain; the love of God's most lovable and helpless beings can attest. It was a touching' picture- of manhood and childhood to see the old' hawker take a baby i rom its mother s arms and handle it as ten- ' derly as the most skilful nurse : a not : very Common or easily-acquired .accomplishment, ' et .me tell you. Animals of all kinds frater nised with, Jack at once. Cats, those ultra- conservatives of the brute creation, arched their backs and purred with pleasure at bis slightest advance,, and hunted or beaten dogs considered themselves in strictest sanc tuary if they could get close to Jack, and were only at times.brought to a sense of; their error by his jealous half-bred collie Racket, when they..; were unwise, enough to take shelter under the cart. Calico Jack had been known in the pas toral districts north of Melbourne for some ten; years before the time when our story opens— say the year qf our Lord 1847. He had made his- appearauce one day ampng the scattered stations' with his rat- taildpld roan mare and the little hawker's cart. He was very reticent about his past, and consequently jvas generally believed to have been a con vict, while his silence as tp his antecedents Was supposed to indicate .that the crime for which he had been expatriated was bne of greater gravity than usual -a supposition, however, which was not held to be in the least; degree/incompatible with his present good eharaefcer. i Society in the colonies w as not lit that time very exigeant in such matter#. A cousider j%b|eq>ropoftion'oftheoolotiietBwerrpEfsonfl | who had landed as convicts. Many men even then deservedly held in high estimation for integrity and hard- name t wealtli , » ere expirees,'; whilst in the country district the stock- risers, shepherds, hut keepers, and cooks were: almost to a man ex-convicts or ticket-of-leave men. Many of theBe men led comparatively blameless lives, and were honest, industrious, and temperate, except for theoccasional 'spree,' when a considerable sum had been accumulated for wages. The great wonder is that under a system of management so cruel and arbitrary — a system which tended directly tp destroy the humanity in men's breasts, and reduce them to the level of brutes— so many of the old convicts became reformed men when the opportunity was offered them. The lesson to be deduced — a lesson by all of us too readily overlooked — is that there is none so degraded but whose soul yet retains at least a spark of the original manhood which was made in ' His own image.' As has been said in the old colonial days, people did not deem it very necessary to inquire into the particu lars of a man's past life if his present mode of living was satisfactory ; yet with a great number of old Jack's customers it was felt to he a sore point that he should exhibit what was certainly a very unusual reserve as to his past life. .< : But the old man throve, or was thought to thrive, though he never seemed < to be any richer. Yet from the amount of business which he did there could be very little doubt that he was making money. These were days, be it remembered, when country stores were almost unknown, and when hawkers were rare visitors at the scattered home steads of the great sheep and cattle breeders. So Calico Jack pursued the even tenor of his way, bandied jokes with and retailed news to the men and women, made himself beloved of all the children, and became the most popular man within a large radius of the thinly- populated pastoral district so soon to become the busy centre of industry, where thousands of human ants would dig their burrows into the golden-wombed earth. Chapter II. findings keepings. what calico jack found. ' Fortune brings in some boats that arenofc steered, Cymbeline/ Act IV. Scene 3. In my young days there was a clause in the unwritten code of rules which regulate schoolboy life out of school — laws -that to the juvenile mind areas inflexible as those of the so-often quoted Medes and Persians — which laid it down thathe who, when alone, found some boy's treasure, acquired an in alienable title thereunto so soon as he had repeated the cabalistic couplet : — FiKDinga raspings ; Losings SEEKinga/ Should he, however, be in company with another, the formula to be observed, ' uuder such circumstances was to cry out distinctly — ' All my own-Fain haves'— before his companion had time to establish a claim to partnership in the treasure-trove by calling — 4 Halves! !' 0 grave and reverend seignor, to whom the memory of boyhood's merry days bad become like the scattered, waking recollec tions of a pleasant dream— when the refrain of this or some other such-like rhyme rings in your ears in the clear treble of childhood — do you never recall, with an inward smile of pleasure at the recollection, the thrill of joy which you felt in thus establishing an unassailable claim to some extraordinary article of boyish property, prized often in proportion to its uselessness — a brass bed- knob, a rusty door key, a pegless top, ay, or even a Tom Sawyer's tooth with a string to it ?' Does not this retrospect of the hey day of life cause the blood to course quicker through your veins for a few seconds, until the tired old heart that has worked so constantly through the long weary years admonishes you that its day of ecstatic wild throbbing has long gone by ? Jack Jepster was one of those men who apparently never grow old in spirit even when to them has come the time that the Israelitish poet tells of — ' When the almond tree shall blossom, and them that look out oi the windows grow dim.' His smile was as bright and cheery, and his spiri s as light as those of a twelve-year- boy. And now in the hot sleepy summer day, as his peripatetic house and home swayed slowly over the ruts and through the surrounding cloud of dust raised by the feet of the old grey mare, he sang and talked to himself with a heavy abandon that any world-weary man of ht« years must have 'envied. ' What's it again ? Findings keepings. Ay, that's it, findings keepings. Let me. see ; how does it run ? Ay ! I've nicked it now — Findings keepings ; Losings seekjings, and he sang the old couplet over again jwith the peculiar intonation which children always give to their rhymes— "Findings xeepings ; t Losings SEExings.' ' She said I d find my fortune on the other side of the world some sunny Nev Year s Day ; she did. Lor ! how it all comes hack to me like a dream. The bright sunshiny April morning with a cloud- dappled; sky overhead, and a brisk breeze that skirled oyer the downs with a suspicion of j rain from the sea, and the white booths and the flags and fiddles going, and the crowds of happy people. The farmers on their rough round cobs, or with their families in the roomy open carts, and their men in iclean white smocks and Sunday corduroys turned half up the leg over the heavy highlow boots. The young folks sweethearting and enjoying themselves, the young fellows lay ing out their carefully hoarded shillings in ribbons for their girls, or having three throws a penny at old Aunt Saily for a pint o' nuts. — — Me a little bit of a chap sitting next to father in the big brown gig, and Turk, the old grey farm horse, and r ' Confouwd you, Nettle, you cantankerous old co you. Ah ha ! that touches you and hurts your feelings, does it ? Well, why do you get to taking advantage of me and crawling so that a native bear ud be ashamed of you. Get up there. ' LeVs see, where was I ? Oh, out on the l&ntish; Downs/ a$ the Wye race s, with father in the big gig, and the old gipsy a-telling the fortune o' the pretty little gen tleman whose, father had crossed her hand with silver. , ' Hey, I've had a gay time on the other side o' the world, and seen many New Yearjs Days come and go, and Lord knows, most 6f 'em's been sunny enough ; but if I've found any fortune at all, it's only been bad fortune. This is another New Year's Day ; maybe 111 find it to-day. Plenty of time yet to live and enjoy it, I'm only turned fifty-six last November ; why, I'd— — 'Oh, Nettle, Nettle, you ungrateful beast; what d'ye mean by such conduct ? Do you kuow it's five o'clock, and we've got to reach Willandoula before sundown ?' Here Jack made a furious flourish with a very delapidated and harmless-looking whip, to which demonstration the eld roan mare gives a lazy flap with her mule-like ears, and a contemptuous flirt with her short, almost hairless tail, gives three quick shuffling steps, and subsides again into her former crawl, whilst the little ricketty cart with its tat tered tilt jolts slowly along the rough bush traok. ' Eleven miles to Willandoula. Hey ! get up, you Nettle. Guess I shan't find my fortune this afternoon.' If I consent to be your wif Say how will you nrovide for me ? Oh, I can reap and I cm mow, I can p ough and I can sow. Singing— bumble dum dairy Durable dun dairy, Humble dum dairy, Humble dum day : . if you'll consent to marry me now — f You needn't go so darned quiet, Nettle, evell If you do want to listen. Don't stop out of compliment to me, I beg. If you Were to rattle along a little faster it wouldn't interrupt the harmony. I could look out Jor my fortune, too, even if we were travelling a bit faster. Hillo I what's that? I'm blest if those little blackbirds don't cry mightily like a child. As I walked out «»ne Battftner'g day. To view the country round, I saw ' The dog under the cart gave two or three sharp yelps and th n a howl, as the wail was repeated. ' Good Lor i ! itjwas a child ; and there's a j woman too.£3Phew ! this is a find. What on earth's the woman doing here V Jack jumped nimbly from his cart and went towards a big gumtree, in the blackened hollow of which lay the form of a woman clasping a weeping child in her arms. In the tree overhead sat a number of crows, that had doubtless, as is their custom, fol lowed the footsteps of the dying woman, and were now waiting until the child became perfectly still, before descending for their horrid feast. ' Well, that's mighty plain, I dare say, and very interesting no doubt if one could only read it, but hang me if I can make out what it means for the life of me, said Jack, as he looked around in vain for the other piece of the torn paper. O, well, it don t matter, I suppose, for someone's sure to know something about her. I d better push on for the station with tbe baby. He'd be a pretty little chap if he only had a bit more flesh on his poor bones, wonldn't he, Racket?' addressing the dog, which had been licking the baby's hand just before, but was now apparently listening and sniffing uneasily — a circumstance which his master was too excited to notice. ' God help the poor boy ; this is a nice start in life he's got, any way, and a pretty fine fortune I've found for myself this fine New Year's Day on the other side of the world.' ' What in the mischief's up with you at all, Racket ?' he went on, calling to his dog, that was now growling angrily. Raising the child the refrain came into his mind once more, and he said loudly, Find ings Keepings, -so they say,' and then pursu ing the quaint conceit, he added, as he placed lis burden in the cart, 'All my own, fain lalves.' 'Halves!1 shoaled a gruff coarse voice. Many a perishing wanderer on the Australian wilds has had his last moments made more terrible by the harsh calls of those crafty, cruel birds. _ ' I'll spoil your game this time, my beau ties,' said Jack wrathfully, as he bent over the recumbent figure, and tenderly 'raised the child, which at intervals gave a fitful cry. The woman was past succour. She was quite dead, and her head fell backward as he moved her, and tried to support her in a. sitting posture. A water-canteen lay beside her, emptied to the last drop. The poor baby, a boy, of about eighteen months old, was in the last stage of exhaustion. The little face was sadly pinched and drawn, and the eyes were dim and glazed. Jack qnickly got a bottle of brandy from the cart, and made a weak mixture of the spirit With water, sips of which he gently forced be tween the closed teeth of the cmld, who had ceased to wail, and lay passively in his strong arms. ' Well, by jingo ! I have done it properly this time,' said Jack. 'Poor little chap f Poor little chap ! You are a pretty fine for tune for a man to find some Ne< Year's Day. Well, now what's to be done ? Here's a bad state of things sure enough. A dead woman and a live child both on my hands at once. What is to be done now I should just like to know. I can't very well take the body. Well, I'll take the little 'un on to Willan doula, and get him attended to by the women, folks. I suppose there's got to be an in quest, but that's Captain Fotheringham's business, not mine. Let's see, there's Crosscut Dick's shanty about a couple of milesor sofromhere, but it's oil the track, and I'll have enough to do to reach the station before dark. He's a blackhearted/ rascal anyhow. It would be no use to tay anything to him about the matter.' Jack took his blankets from the cart and mule a more comfortable bed for the baby under a bush, where he laid it, and bathed its lips and face with the weak spirit and water. He then broke down a quantity of gumtree branches, « hich he heaped over the body of the woman to keep the carrion birds away. Completing his task he bent over the now sleeping child, murmuring the refrain of the schoolboy couplet, which had been ringing through his brain during his long, hot drive. FiNDings KEEPings; Losings sEEEings. A roughly- folded piece of grey wrapping paper lay on the ground, which had ap parently fallen from the child's dress, or from the dead woman's hand. Jack picked it up and examined it with some curiosity. This was what was written upon it, it was quite unintelligible in its mutilated state: — ' I'm in it wbativer tea, my dear. How are 'ee, Jack, old fellow?' Jack started mid turned quickly, to see Crosscut Dick, the fencer, step .out from the timber, with a felling axe in his band. Not by any means a prepossessing person age was this same Crosscut Dick. He was a burly, muscular man, of medium stature, with immensely developed limbs, as could be judged from his bare arms, the muscles of which stood out in bunches and knots, and by his huge, somewhat bowed calves,' iftyt were made especially prominent by the manner m which the dirty moleskin trousers were held up by straps passed round the leg just below the knee. His face was not pleasant to look upon, though, to a ww«i jtl' the semblance of brutish good humour, somewhat like that of a pleased bulldog, but with a less honest look in file eyes, which were small, sunken, and set closely to the thick sensual nose. Themouth was large, coarse, and cruel-looking, though it usually wore the appearance of a laugh, Which was as like the genuine thing as a pinchbeck watch is like gold.. His race wee closely shaven, or rather carried the/growth of several days' beard upon it. . ' Av gotten halves in th foind, ye koaw/ said the new comer. . "J ' Fau lt,' said Jack, stolidly. I hii Aw "'M'MU l.l,l |M „: :, tj.f| , Jt;;-.-/"rt vTT myorn,%and,Jiy,wa\vfWss yu could get another judgment of Solomon, you couldn't have halves in my find this time, for it's a Why and there's a dead woman under that heap of brush there. I suppose there's got to be an inquest, sp you'll he able to give evidence.' Don t ee play none, of they desmal jokes , ,on to me/ said the , splitter, with a startled ; look. 'A cafi /wm,7gamman— and a . chpild ; yrpg .ij; dd ijEt w . ' . - ' v 4 .No, the youfig iiu's ahvInlbemeantime, , and I meaqto. keep lum. so if I can. Solong, Dick, trlJL we .meet.todnorrpV. I must push ,for the stUo.' , , V .. cK>i,ft%red up Hhe reins, gave the r astounded 5f;ettlev>vho hd been indulging , in a, quiet nap, a stroke with tlie, old whip, which caused that startled and justly-in dignant quadruped to nearly tumble down with fright, and then break into a slow amble. Looking round the side of the hill, Jack saw the. splitter standing in the middle of the road with a by no means friendly look on his face, from which the habitual grin had vanished. D — — ye, but I'll sheer in un spoit of ye if it comes to anything,' he muttered, with a sneer, as he re-entered the forest. 4 But I m glad tobe quit of that whining trench. ' . (TO BE ONTINDEB.) 