g- 1 111 v-rrr:- . 1 GEELONG. (from our own correspondem.) leDruary 20. D'Arey Reads mmous "Ghost" enter- t aiument opened at tne Atkenteum for a. season, on Friuav night last, and too large hall was crow.-iea in evcrv part, and lias oeen s o every Right, p-; - rne wondrous en- ertamment in- iwentv weeks in C_J a . ... W..D 1 O/UJltij'. Ullu i.lllLL't .t 111 lib', iill i Id certain to have a iv ru-i here. The balcony is c -i d 10 ;!:e pertormance, and he third - -u: .-u .i.-e t>s dividing tue slabs 1 nto two p. -.V i-. the thinking powers are exercised as t« ;:» « these delusions are done, the lau/liL.-.i i> I'/miaiially kept up by S uch parts as the : Revels," the "Phan- t om Christy " "i.iunted House," &c.; Theente-' h::« ea given before 'die Governors ut r..-,. . eoiouies, and if it S Tinnlil pi rtmn f > 1., - . ,rt>i m v i.-ivicp is " Do not £aii r - - A harvest- celebrated on Sun day at St. Pauj-r, b . i- i. Lalrobe Terrace, and one also .was h>- id a: Trinity church in the suburb of Bamboo! i i i- The city church was tastefully or-r- »ra:e.i with flowers, fruit, and grain, r.nd sacrt d edifice was crowded at each se. h. Per. W. Alexander, a t udent in the 1 r sbyt i rian college for the ministry, pic . : -.t .1. Great i-i yrie- street Presbyterian ";rr-c:: Mr Alexander was formerly- a k'.. _ sciioo' : -.o:h.cr in Melbourne, hut probably /ad . nong!: of the treatment generally do'.edoir by tie department towards a useful body of w - n On Monday, ih !' T a'Bcckett, wlio sstayingh.ri f. ... weeks, occupied u seat on tlie jnagh.tra:-. s' bench at the city police court. A five occur j s town police barracks on Saturday, by -.- .ih-li S nreant Swavles quar ters were nt-ariy . uy .-c. It is not known ho\r the m-.flith :i Aits pztiisad. hiifc tli« damage will bo -e .1 by the govern- ment to the tune cab-mt £15«>. The bush- fires r- - ia the Golau district are causing such ..t :o pass over the bay. that on Tuesday ill : steamer Aidiuga, bound from Melbourne !> jeelorig with a crowd of excursionists r-n Uoar;, was compeliid to cruise about for two hours :o find the entvancu to our harbor. Ou Tuesday our ;'/y Fir: Brigade in dulged in a picnic Br rm C. a favorite spot on the Southern < tcean, twelve niih-s distant. The i'luilic-s and friends cf ih<- fire-fighters acconipaaiod them, aad as ih-.-. day- was cool (something unusual just now, tin- curuey and the various games engaged n formed a very enjoyable outing. Baunis ter's immense omuitjus. the " Spirit of the Age," several cabs ami private vehicles wen: t he meat's of transit J understate; that the uburban brieades aid not take part in it, which seems to show that the feud between the city and suburban brigades is not yret amicably settled. On W ednesdayT evening the local volunteer Corps was subjected to a lengthened practical drill in the new ' nttm-h- ami defence" move ments, by Cspt M. V/iiii.-.ias, of the Staff, Melbourne. The ma' oiuvring was done in the Argyle Ground. VT-imimed street, dis tant one mile from i; fie Rooms, ami the men with their item.' v-.. te niarciied to t his enclosure, t ii Tue- ay evening the saim officer gave instiucium at the tame rooms These lessons, as they may- be called, are intended as a. prep:;: at ton ?«» the cmn:n -; encampment which is to be iichi between Goo long and Queeuscliff at Easter By-ihe-by, have you got a rifle corps at l'ctchwortli ? If not a stir should be made in the matter bv some energetic citizen o; your pretty little town. Belfast and Portland, but:: of less im portance thau the chief towu in the Ovens district, possess each a detacbinent of citizen soldiery. A Mr Flash, from Melbourne, arrived here a week or two ago, ami since i ben had been spending his own money very freely, but I suppose lie came to the er.d of his purse, and not being satisfied, he indulge-: in the risky- work of imitating other peoples signatures, the victim selected iu this case being Mr Holden, produce merchant, of Mercer street. The little game was found our. forty -tight hours aiterwards, and Flashinau finds him self snugly ensconced in the Geelong gaol. Blight is to prevalent iu town and sunurb.- that the attendance at the various Stale Schools is materially affected. At Mr'Liuk's school, No. 260, a new female assistant, from Melbourne, has been uppeiiiu-d. The Rev. B. Giliii.-ghnm. <-f Melbourne, delivered a lecture on ' tiie ilouk of Dauio". at the Fiuuick-streai Bay-list Chapel, on Thursday evening, and as tii« admission was iree, thc-re was a large attendance. 