TBLEGRAPHIC INTELLIGENCE. .. fAustkalux Peesb' Aoekcy.J SYDNEY, THT-bsdit. It is reported that Sub-impectore Fitzgerald and Conway leave Townaviile by the first steamer southward with & detachment of twenty-two native trackers, for the purpose of rtmning-devra Kelly' gang. The Horticultural Society's flower show was opened this afternoon. Twenty-nine Chinese laborers on board the A.SJ9. Company's steamer Wotonga have struck werk, owing to a misunderstanding as to the payment of wages. They agreed in the articles that one month's pay be kept back, but the company increased it to two months, and now three months, whereupon the Chinese resisted in n body. Tbey were charged at the water police court to-day with disobedience of orders. The company's officer agreed to withdraw the charge, and give the men their discharge and the wages due, and tie Chinese consented. The Felons Apprehension Bill has finally passed both Houses, and will probably receive the Royal assent to- morrow. The Colonial Secretary announced to-night the capture of six bushrangers who had recently turned out. The financial debate in the Assembly has been resumed. Mr Stuart urged the necessity for taxation, and deprecated further reliance on the proceeds of land Bales. The following is the crew to represent the colony in the intercolonial rowing contest: W. Cope, C. C. Metcalf, J. Arthur, P. O. Williams, J. G. Gsrdyne, Strange, A. Finlayson, and D. Lord (stroke). Emergencies—Anslow, M'Kansy, Vautin. The team comprises six of the Sydney Bowing Club, and two o£ the Mercantile Club. NEWCASTLE, TnciBSDAV. A heavy pit-fall occurred at the Walleend colliery at seven o'clock this morning. The fall was without warning, &nd; xdcq 200 yards distant were lifted oi! their feet. Nelson (tenior), George Bidlej, and George Oogbton are missing. Two men were got out badly injured, and one killed. • AUCKLAND, Thcbbday. At the races, the Dunedin Cop resulted in & dead heat between Templeton'e Mala and Sinking Fond. Thirteen started. Time, 3 min. 57 see. ADELAIDE, Thcbsdat. Tbe R.M.S. Assam left Glenelg to-day at noon. A man named Fogarty died from exhaustion at a fire this morning, at the Melbourne Photographic Booms, Rundie street. The destroyed property is insured. A thousand bags of wheat have been sold, delivered at Pert Wallaroo, at 4s 7d. A letter from Martin and Co., of Gawler, has been published, which puts tbe conduct of Somerton, the leader of the strikers, in an unfavorable light They consider tbe men's proposition impertineo t ' to entertain it, and advise the men ^ ^ T ^ t Z t ^ ^ * * — - - There has been a great storm in tbe southeastern district, and extensive bush- fires, causing great damage. .One fire made a dean sweep of all the-farms at Wortdong -and Glenburnie, and several fanners lost everything they possessed, stables, crops, and stock, in a few minntes. A shepherd named O&ke; has been burnt to death. Bishop Short, the Anglican Bishop of Adelaide, has returned in the Assam. A large number of the clergy welcomed him. The exhibition to-day under the auspices of the Royal Agricultural Society, was the grandest exposition ever seen in tbe colony. The iodnstrisl portion was the most striking" feature, and was specially good. The show of wool was smell, but remarkably good, the chief prize-takers being E. and W. Pitts and J. Murray. There was a Urge attendance, and his Excellency Governor Jervois was present. 