THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) ruo-jntsaioN, our moots, and our hksoukoks. ■Asakdhijiist. satumja y, mb. J. is;t>. NORTH-WESTERN INDIA. CONSIDERING the prompt benevolence with which England is at all times ready to offer her advice, it is fortunato for the national modesty she can' sometimes illustrate, from her own sad experience, the soundness of •the lessons she urges upon her neighbors. She has often had reason to deplore, with all the sincerity which a bystander is able to feel, the encroaching and aggrandizing policy of those neighbors. It has been her lot to diffuse, in almost all directions, tin blessed maxims of peace and contentment. On these occasions she has usually had re course to a very common ctdndus—-the only universal language which has survived the confusion of tongues. With the sacred text and most catholic rule of pounds, shillings, and pence, she has presented herself, at various periods, at the several courts of the world, and preached with true mercantile unction the unproduc tive character of conquests. " Be assured, nations," she has proclaimed at the top of her voice, " war is the very worst of in vestments. A new province will never pay .the capital sunk. A footing in your neighbor's territory, whether won by diplo macy or the sword, is sur speculation. Conquest stock never rises above par. Annexation is a bubble scheme. Victory an uncertificated bankrupt. A treaty extorted by bullying is only a step to insolvency.. Take our advice, good neigh bors; do not enlarge your territory at the expense of j'our exchequer. Gross rent to the damage of net income " To render these homilies as palatable as the}' are useful, it is necessary that they should be delivered either by angels who do not sin, or by mortals who do. Britons have preached as men, as fellow sinners, as penitents. " Good people,' they are fortunately able to proclaim, after the etiquette of the scaffold, "take warning by our fate, and shun our transgres sions." India, of course, as might be expected, has always afforded the best supply of these mercantile moralities. Is there not Afghan-, istan 1 Listen ! First and last—that is, before we began all over again the other day—-in the sacrifice of moral character, and theu of military credit, and in the subsequent recovery of the latter article—the former being hopelessly lost—seventeen millions sterling were sunk. There was nothing on earth to show, for all the pains taken, but one of the darkest pages of British history, and a debt to that serious amount. Of course all India, and everybody connected with it, has been pinched ever since by the results of that shocking bad speculation. But, at least, it was thought the worst on that account was known. Nothing of the sort. It will be surprising if twioa seventeen millions do not follow after. The money is already on tlie wing. As that early bubble burst, thus will burst every scheme which pretends to pass military conquests under the plausible dis guise of good specs, Jf you sow dragons' teeth, your harvest is pretty sure to be in character with your seed. It is of no use to cultivate with bayonets, sow powder and shot, and then to expect a good marketable crop. War is a bad merchant. The dogs of hell do very well to destroy life. They cannot do much to save it. ' Great Britain did not at first succeed in annexing Afghanistan, so she turned her attention to Seinde. Whether the Ameers were too fond of hunting, or whether they had too many wives, or whether, as it was pretended, therp was something to fear from their cruelties or their encroachments— which they had never been known to prac tice—it was manifestly equitable for Eng land to join under her beneficent rule both sidt.2 of the Indus. According to Parlia mentary riiturns, Seinde was a drain of a million sterling per annum ; according to other computations, a million and a half; but against this last estimate might be set the reveiiiio of the country, which was actually four hundred thousand pounds per annum. Seinde has been a drag upon us ever since, so Lord Lyttou thought he might as well have Beloocliistan adjacent to it. Therefore, he subsidised the Khan of Khelat, and put a British garrison at Quettah, which brought about again a col lision with the Afghans. Thus Fol}y or Fate has again tacked the fragment of that hungry, call-repeating, purse- emptying, soul-consuming scrip to the British gaol. Sneer at .C s. d. as we may, yet we are told somewhere to cor^t the cost of every human enterprise, au wisdom which commanded to gather up crumbs," forbade all extravagant or useless expenditure. But the rule of .£ s. d. is not merely a comparison with money. It is only a means of comparing an expenditure wiil< an expenditure—object with object— battle nelijis with rice fields—chargers with carters—swordt yjt-h ploughshares—the blood of vengeance witu th.e sweat of toil— fortifications with peaceful cities—destruc tion with preservation—life with death. If money is spent in war it cannot be had for useful purposes. All goes into the military chest, and the savings of peaceful genera tions. which might have regenerated the surface aud the institutions of the country, are squandered in f;re and sword. Public works of magnitude are let t uncjone. Roads are unuietalled and unbridged. Education languishes for want of funds to en-' courage it. Police cannot be ren dered eflicient, for fear of the .cost of efficiency. AU good and profitable projects , are in abeyance, beei|i?£.f5 they cannot bo undertaken. There are now )*G funds in India; there need be no initiating tliat matter. All that England had there is j already spent, and future revenue is fore stalled. The consequence of this Afghan war. eve?', assuming it to be successful in its avowed object, musi be another incubus 011 the* liiiKnces of India, fpr, at the least, another generation, Alas! ihp,t jit should have to bo written that a needless war will anticipate and swallow up noble revenues, cripple the exertions of a philanthropic Government, and reduce !in Empire to the necessity of io:ms. Srri'LEMENT.—A supplement it published with this morning's issue. Crry Cous'oil.—Ic was mentioned yesterday at the meeting of the City Couneil that the alterations to the Town Hall would be com pleted about the lCch February, and it was re solved that no meeting of the Council should be held for three weeks, until the building again assumed some internal order. V/;th so many workmen employed qijoiit t.he' premises, it i= ex ceedingly difficult to hear $#yoiip speaking. School Distwot 0¥ SaktviiUB?vacancy having occurred in ciie lina'd of 4dvh-e f pbjve distiiet, the returning officer notifies thai; liw ;M!niuatii>n papers of intending candidates imi-t W delivered at the Town Hall by 4 p.m. on Tii'.-i;d:iy. 4tli insD,, iind in the event of more man ..ne piT^iiu being iiuiuiiiatfid a poll will he taken on tiic 1.3th mat. Magisteki.u. In(.h;ii;v.—Servant Fiuvsott reported to tile Superintendent ft Police yester day that a man had been lonnd dead at Swan I till. Ort th<\- matter b.-iu^ referred to the coroner, Mr. .I.n.-Uhnd .l»~ inquiry and ;ned;e;.l t::ai;iina;ioii. Exhibition i',u.\s'i'. — Upon the motion m" the I Mayor yesterday the (.'icy Council passed a . sum of A'2.">U in aid or (lie .Sandhurst Exhibition. Klvxi'iok Humous.—-Tho idea appears very generally to bo eutei-r.-iined that a general elee- . tion is an event of the not distant future, and ! "likely men have already been spotted for many of the electorates.'' The //Vi'iiM states tli.it Mr. tiannl, barristrr-at-Iaw, and late I'. M. of BaUar.it, lias been asked to oppose Mr. Tytherleigh, the sitting member for Normaubv, aud that Mr. John Shaw has decided to run for Hipon and Hampden, in opposition to Mr. Long more, the Minister of Lands. Tjik llLoNLii:xi%n'K.s,—The troupe of lady minstrels, known as tile Bloudeuettes, which recently visited Sandhurst, appear not to have succeeded in hitting the taste of tile aimi-e ineutdoving public in the colony. Ill Mel bourne yesterday, Mr. Brown, the manager, appeared* in the l\tliee C»»urt on traud sninnions to show cause why he should not pay £-1 due as salary to a member of the troupe. The defendant stated, whilst under cross-examina tion, that he had lost between .tT>00 ami i.'li00 by the speculation. The case was adjourned to give time for a settlement. A HORSE SUNSTRUCK—As an instance of the effects on animal life of the excessive heat which prevailed during the middle of this week, we may mention that a mare belonging to Messrs. McCulloch aud Company, was sunstruck in Bernal-street, and to all appearances the case was hopeless, from the severity of the attack. Temporary measures were adopted on the spot, which were so far successful that the animal was enabled to walk to the stables in Wills- street. It being found, however, that she was still very much affected, Mr. Forbes, the well known veterinary surgeon, was sent for, but; as he did not attend, Mr. J. Hemming, the local manager of the firm, sent for Mr. William O'Connor, who, on hearing that Mr. Forbes' professional assist- ance was not available, at the urgent request of Mr. Hemming, as the mare was a very valuable one, consented to take the case in hand. Mr. O'Connor, who is very experienced in the treat ment of horses, although not practising as a veterinary surgeon, treated the mare for sun stroke, remained with her for several hours, and she is now, we understand, in a fair'way of recovery. The restoration of this animal to health is, we are told, worth at least £50 to her owners. TREE PLANTING.—At the usual weekly meet ing of the City Comicil held yesterday, Cr. Denovan gave notice of motion that the High Koad be planted with trees to the city boundary ami it was agreed that the Marong Shire Coun cil be written to, aud asked to continue1 the same to Kangaroo Plat. Cr. Denovan pointed out that this wouid form one of the finest avenues of trees in the colony; already the road was a most popular drive with citizens. Bendigo Benevolent Asylum.—The com mittee of the above met at the usual hour on Friday, 31st January. Present:—Mr. Win. Hemming (in the chair),, with Messrs. Steaue, Osborne, and Janics. . Boyd, M.l), 19 applicants were relieved by orders upon stores apd 24 in " lyiiul from the institute in addition to those already oii the books; 3 cases were deferred for further iuquiry; aid to 3 cases was stayed, and relief to IS Chine.e recipients was continued.. . A number of the principaL Chinese residents "again waited upon the board as to their proposed" entertainment in aid of the funds of- the institute. The matter is in progress,; and they,"-- with Mr. All Poo aud Mr. Lee Wall, will5 report again .with as little delay as possible, communicating ad interim with the ^ hospital: authorities. Out-door: Families,, etc., relieved during the week, 197. State ot the lioiise—Aduits, 117; children, 8(5; total, 203. Warden's Court.—Mr. Wardeu Webstei presided at this .court yesterday. The lease applications of'P.' Coatea -and 'others, ./and B. M'Nish, were recommended. The summons of S. Suowdou v. 6.. Binney, to show cause agaiust forfeiture of lease, was struck out, none of the parties appearing. In the oase uf J, i /lope and others v. J. Solomon aud' others au application was made by tiie complainant to have an allu vial claim, situated at the 'White Hills, for feited, on the ground of non-working. Mr. Helm appeared for the complainant, 'and Mr. Horn buckle for the defendant. The warden ruled a forfeiture,'.'with' £2 14s.' 6d.' costs. In a second case 'betweeii the same parties Hope sought to be put iu]possession of the alluvial claim, but withdrew the summons, the wardeu allowing the defendants £4 3s. costs. Serious Accident.—A young girl named Mary Ellen Ityau, aged 12 years, met with a very serious accident at Corop yesterday. She was engaged,cleaning out fa iwaier tanSf when tank. Iwhibh WM-standing'by*toppled over upon her and fractured her thigh. sue was immediately brought iiite Sandhurst, and admitted to the Betidigo ' Hospital, where her injuries received the proper treatment. The West Boukke Vacancy.—The death of Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L.A., has caused a vacancy in the representation of the constituency of West Bourkc, and already the names of several probable candidates are freely mentioned. We (Daily Teletjraph) understand that Mr. Yeomans would have been the representative of the He form League, who have been casting round with indecent haste for a new member, but he is prevented from contesting the seat-in couse quence of his not possessing the necessary legal qualifications. Mr. Robert Walsh, barrister, i.« said to be the candidate whom the league wiii support, and among others who are spoken nf, we have heard the names of Mr. Thomas Healey, Mr. William Gauusoit, aud Mr. Derbin Wilidei. The Art/its says Mr. R. Byrne is spoken of as a probable candidate. On the 11th of May the constituency seated two followers of Mr. Berry, but it is re garded as certain that the election will be contested against any Ministerial nominee. Our Melbourne correspondent writes:—Short as the time has been since Mr. J. T. Smith breathed his last, rumors are already alloat as to the candidature for his place ill the Legisla tive Assembly as one of the representatives of West Bourke. Perhaps the most authentic of these reports is that Mr. Gordon Evans, a former member of the Assembly, and well known in the West Bourke district, has been asked to come forward to conteft the vacant seat in the interests oi the Liberal party, a re quest which he will probably comply with. Bendiuo Rowing Club.—A special meeting of the members of the above club took place at the Freemasons' Hotel ou Wednesday evening, for the purpose of witnessing tile presentation .of the two silver cups won by Messrs. Colcutt aud Loiuan at the club's late regatta. The trophies were manufactured by Messrs. Joseph and Co., jewellers, Pall Mall, The ijesign of the enps is simple aud elegant, and reflects great credit on the designer, Mr. Mayuard occupied the chair, and the usual business having been disposed oi, two new members Were elected. The good tilings provided by Host Lagogiannis were done ample justice to, utter which the cups were filled with champagne, and the health of the winners was heartily drunk. Mr. Colcutt, in a few appropriate and happy remarks, ex pressed the pleasure he fe)t in deserving, in con junction with Mr, Lonian, the approbation of the club, and after a little social conviviality the meeting dispersed. The Weatiieh.—The south wind which set iu on Thursday night continued to blow strongly during the greater pari, of yesterday. Towards evening the breeze got a little easterly, q.ud the sky became overcast with clouds. From the appcajratue of the sky at sunset rain may be expected during tl(c next few days. After I nightfall the temperature got very law, and the night was positively cold enough to render extra | clothing necessary. The thermometer regis tered in the shade at Messrs. Joseph and Co.. Pall Mall, av follows:—9 a.m., 70°; noon, 02"; 3 p.m., 84°: ti'p.m. 7^"; maximum, O.V; miui [ mum, 02". The barometer at 9 a.m. regis tered 29-3S0; 0 p.m., 29.400. The i-igorton correspondent of the Ballamt Co/>ri<-r stales that a disastrous bush lire took place on the 2'J'fch instant near Egerton, by which great dam age was done to crops and property. The tire had traversed a distance of four or five miles, and wa- still ragbag on Thursday. Drawing.—Yesterday an examination of per sons 'desiring to 'qualify themselves to teach drawing at State schools, was conducted in the Gftmp Reserve school by Mr. Shoe, of Mel bourne. Fifteen candidates presented them- selves for examination. CRUSHING MACHINERY.—The very fine crush- ing machine recently erected at Chiltern, and christened the " Excelsior," was made from the plans and specifications by Mr. W. Middleton, engineer, Sandhurst, and the eastings were Alllu' at the foundry of Messrs. Roberts and Sons. All the latest improvements have been adopted' WENBonN's BenDIOO AULl.N-.ic. We have to acknowledge, with thauks. a copy of Wen born's B-.'ii ligo Almanac, a well got up publica tion, containing a large amount of useful infor mation, relative to the Australian seasons, coaches, ready reckoner, telegraphy, farmiui;' fruit gardens. Government departments, law,' postal regulations, road guide, &c.;, &c.;, together witi; j. map of Victoria. I.Mroi'.TAKV Sale of Manufactuiuxi.; Pr.o I'Eurv.—It will be Le.en from a notice in our advertisiue columns that Messrs. Byrne, Vale, aud Co., of Melbourne, have been instructed to sell by public auction, at their room3, Collins street East, at 12 noon ou the 21st instant, that valuable manufacturing property, comprising the Cognac Distillery, situate on the bauks of the Y.'irra l>'iv-,r, at the foot Mellioiirue, together v-'th. the plant and machi if'ei'V, whi.e^ is' iu "frill "workiiig order. " KaMlkt. A full rehearsal of the members of the P.ckwiek Ohtb, who are to take part iii the forthcoming p - rform.uice on behalf uf the Mechanics' Instiuit'-, was held last evening at Jip, James's Hall, and went oil'Very smoothly. of n»\v liosa for the GoUkn-sqware contingent ol ■ the brigaita Ini;l£\vood.—Our local eovvcspomlent, uuclci date yesterday, writes:—We have had soma j very .hut weather during the last font (U%ySv During the great heat on Wednesday a man aurt t>v.> hor.-es died from sunstroke at \Vcdderbiun. There \a a southerly broe/e blowing to-day, but mi appearance of rain, The dams anil water Uoles arc fast drying lip, anil what teamsteis will ili) fm" water it is difficult ti> imagine, as our Borough Council show no sign of putting up a public drinking tiough. The inau William Cornish, who got his legs broken last by a waggon passing over them, is progressing slowly, the late hot - weather being greatly against him. Lake Wfekuona.—The City Council at its ordinary meeting, hel.l yesterday afternoon, ailopteil a report submitted by the parks com mittee, which recommended that 1,000 loads ol manure should be carted from the cattle yaids to hake W'eerooua, for use in tlmse parts ol the enclosure which it is intended to plant with shrubs, etc. It was also resolved that tenders be called for erecting floodgates Rauly Closing Association.—'The com mittee of the 10ai-ly Closing Association met at the Beehive Exchange last night. Alter the transaction of some routine business, the elec tion of auditors was proceeded with, resulting in the election of Messrs. Weibier and Walker. The consideration of the date of holding general meeting was deferred until Monday evening next, when the committee meet for preparing report, etc. The reticence shown by some of the firms in View Point was animadverted upon, and the matter was, after some dis cussion, ultimately deferred until next meeting, when action will be taken. City Police Count.— Yesterday the Mayor anil Mr. lloldsworth, Js. P., adjudicated in this court upon the following cases:—Mary \oung, brought up charged with having used obscene language ill a public street 011 the previous day, was fined .<10, or in default of payment three mouths imprisonment. Picric Cotter, for drunkenness, was remanded until Monday; and Edward Ruaeh, for wilfully breaking si P'.uie of glass, valued at 25s. the property of E. Flahavau, was find 2s. Gd. and 25s. damages, or seven days' imprisonment. In the debt case of H. Pengely v. 1J. Pym, goods, £'.) 15s. "2d. Mr. Motteram appeared for plain bill", and Mr. Wrixou for the defendant. The latter asked for an adjourn ment as the bill ol particulars did not show the items. The bench granted an adjournment until Tuesday. H. Stool v. J, T. Dulley, work and labor, £2., verdict for the amount and os. coats. DekiliQUIN.—Our correspondent: writes under date, .Friday:—"The thermometrical fluctua tions iuring the past week have been in outside shade, from S3 degrees on the 23rd '.list. to 11/ on the 29th (yesterday), and there is every prospect of this great heat during the remainder of the week. There are eleven nominations for three seats at council table; the public i[uestion at stake is the abolition of tlioDeneliquin bridge tolls. The election will be held to- morrow week. The Elmore House Stealers.—It will be re membered that 011 the 23ru instant a charcoal burner of Ejutou, named James Isetiie, was cleverly captured by Constable Clarke, ol Goornong, in conjunction with Constable Wearing, of Elmore. The man baa been wanted on a number of charges of a grave eharactey extending over a term of years. Au acomplico named James Taylor was arrested shortly after, and both the men were brought up at the Elmore Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Cattliu, J.P. On the application of Con stable Clarke they were remanded till the 5th proximo. Death, from Sunstroke.—Au inquest was held at die Bridge Hotel, Echuca, y sterday on the body of the man John Humphreys, who un Thursday evening was taken suddenly ill, and died the same evening. The evidence adduced was to .the effect that deceased was engaged as boots at the Bridge Hotel, Kchuea. On the 30th- deceased oomplained very much of the beat, and was persuaded to lie down in bin bedroom. Shortly afterwards I10 was seized With convulsions. Doctor Sibley was called in; but in spite of everything that could be done for him, deceased expired the same evening between seven and eight o'clock, Dr. Sibley I after marking a pod - mortem examination, declared the cause of death to be smutroke. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Sale or Piiomrn* at Eciiuca.— On Wednes day uext Mr. Jas. Shaekell will oiler for sale, at Martin's Commercial Hotel, Eelnica, at 2.30 p.m., a quantity of valuable town and suburban properties, full particulars of which will be fonnil III onr business columns. All Saints' Church.—The Rev. E. S. Crawford, of Castleinaiue, will preach in the above church to;morrow morning and ovening. Early celebration at 8 a.m. Royal Pius cess Tiieathk.—On Monday evening the above popular place of amusement will be opeucd for a short season of six nights only, when Mr. J. J. Wallace will appear in the new Irish drama, entitled "The Irish Exile," and will be supported by Herudon's grand star Jrainatic company of seventeen artists. This company played a short season in this city a few months ago, anil tiie favorable impression they left behind them will, 110 doubt, secure for them a hearty welcome 011 their return to old : Beudigo. Agricultural Society.—The usual monthly meeting of the committee of the Bendigo Agri cultural Society is to be held at the Albion Chambers at two o'clock this afternoon. DuaI'ERY Sale.—Messrs. Sloaue and Co. notify in our advertising columns that they have purchased the estate of Messrs. Rawson au.l Lawlor, at a discount, and will otter the stock, together with the remaining portion of Mr. Cornell's goods, on Tuesday next, at corre sponding reductions. Donations.—The lion, treasurer of the Ben digo Hospital (Mr. 1!. F. Howard, Savings' Bank), begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following donations 111 aid of the maintenance fund: — Gunhower station employes, per Mr. D. Leitch, £ti Us,; Mr. William Stevens, £1 Is. The following contributions to the Benevolent Asylum are acknowledged with thanks by the collector:—B. Roper, 10s. Gil.; G. M. Guthrie, £1 10s.; A. O'Keefe and em ployes, £2 2s.; Mrs. Nicholas, 5s.; Mrs. W. Bobbins. 2s. 6d.; Miss L. Robbius, 2s. Gd.; Mr. Sharkey, 2s.; Mr. Sha-v, 2s. (3d.; Mr. John Bourke, 2s.; Mrs. J. Maher, 2s. Gd.; Mr. Charles Robbius, 5s.; Mrs. T. O'Douuell, 3s. Gd.; Mrs. Buchan, iil. Ai.teuatio.v to Premises.—Messrs. Balsillie and Goodissuu announce that their premises will he closed from 5th to 7th instant, for re marking stoclj. for a great clearing sale to com mence on the 8th instant, rendered necessary in conseijuenoe of alteration of promises. Asi'IIALTING.—The borough of Daylesford invite tenders for laying down about 2,700 yards of tarred footpaths. Specifications can be seen at the Shamrock Hotel, Sandhurst, and tenders accompanied with a cash deposit of 5 per cent, are to be sent to the Town Clerk Borough of Daylesforu not later than three p.m., on Wednesday, 5th instant. The Fatal Sunstroke at Ravenswood.— We learn from the .1 /. *1. J Jail that at the magis terial inquiry which was held at Castlemaiue 011 the body of James Eadie, who died from the effects of a sunstroke which he received 011 Wednesday at Ravenswood, it was stated that deceased was wandering about in the bushfire, as if out of his mind, ami stated he had nothing to eat since eight o'clock in the morning, and was exhausted for want of food and drink. In about twenty minutes after this conversation deceased became unconscious, and seemed to be dying. He staggered as if drunk, and fell a"ainst Peter Me lane and Williamson, who had him carried to the sha le of a tree. Deceased had been in the colony for about eighteen years. Dr. M'Grath stated he had no hope of deceased reooveriii" when lie saw him on admission to the hospital. He was suffering from apoplexy, brought on by^extremo heat. A verdict was returned in accordance with the medical testi mouy. Music is the Reserve.—Hattas's City Band will plav an entirely new selection of sacred music in the Camp Reserve to-morrow evening, commencing at 3 o'clock. i St. Andrew's Church.—'To-morrow the Hev. . Jas. Nish'will preach tw*o sermons in tile above j church—morning at eleven, and evening at seven. Wt.sleyax Conference.—The Wesley an Conference rebumc4 its sittings at Melbourne on Thu'rsdav, wlieu a large'amoiiut'oi business was liT(ii«:icted. 'f'iie number of members of the igr this y«*V were (tiie Aiffm.ysj reported c..„ :-i.-iui y«»r. as follows:- . tatai f<(F the 12.01S; on trial, l,4&s; . ' -* tnc ijjpk year, 27S. The balance sheet «. depot was . read and adopted. The net proo„ 011 the year's transactions was £42 ]4s. Id. A resolution of the book committee advi..vd the closing of tiie depot, unless greater support were given by the Methodist people and Sunday schools. It wa3 agreed, after a long discussion, that the depct be removed to its old quarters if the consent of the trustees of Wesley Church could be obtained, and that the Rev. W. L. Binks be re-appointed book steward. The report of the Theological Institute for the year ending 31st nit. showe-l die capital of the fund to ha £5,050 17s. -Sit., an iucreaae'iu tiie year of £84. ' The current account of the worn-out preachers'fund amounted to £20,015 9s. 4d., with a balance in hand of £2,3S1 :2s. ~lii.. The total capital of the fund was reported at £99,701 Is. 5d.; ijuarterly meeting services, etc., amounted to £12.930 1 <• 7d. Deducting eipehrt-s. a credit balance of £0,379 18s. remained, 'f'iie" njeinberi of conference went to Sorrento yesterday, and ilieru was therefore, no sitting. 