A TRIP TO THE BUFFALO. fBv One of the Party. 1 Mr Editor, — I felt so much pleasure and benefit from a trip which I took to the Buffalo Mountains, in company with seven others, during the Easter holidays, that I vield to the wishes of mends in giving a shore account of it. We started from Mr G. Tobias's house, Buckland, near which the ascent com mences, provided with two small tents, sundry pairs of blankets and a variety of provisions, securely packed (swag- fashion) on our horses. Mr Tobias, who is well acquainted with the mountain, being our guide. We were enabled to ride a con siderable distance up the spur, from which, when about half way up, we, ob tained a fine view of this magnificent mountain, which seemed to have increased both in bulk and perpendicular height. As soon as we were fairly landed on the top, we travelled for some distance through dense scrub, and then over com paratively flat land, interspersed with large granite boulders ; and dropping over a low l'ide, we found ovrselves in a flat, sumuiulod by ail amphitheatre of 'lofty hills, composed of immense masses of granite boulders, of all shapes and sizes, asshnring the most fantastic shapes,, with here and there a gnarled and dwarfed tree peeping through. The Horn, the highest point, being in sight, round which our guide led us. As we went forward the same kind of scenery presented it self — mass after mass of rocks piled up, as if by giant hands. We were five hours from the commencement of tlie ascent till we reached our camping place (from 11 a.m. till 4 p.m.). The tents being pitched, horses hobbled, and a hearty dispatched, wo prepared for rest. The next morning, at early clawn, ive started to climb up the Horn, to see the sun rise, and feast our eyes with the extensive view to be ob tained. Twenty minutes hard climbing brought us to the highest point — a boulder about 9 feet square, flat with a slight slope, upon which a cairn was erected by a party of surveyors some yeai's ago. This elevation consists of an immense number of detached boulders, one above the other, having a wide base and gradually narrowing towards the summit. Tlie morning was rather cloudy, so that the sunrise was a most magnificent one. As tlie sun rose above the horizon, hi-; rays tipped the tops of the hills with a golden flood of light, while the space below was still in gloom. The view was most ex tensive ; but, from our great elevation, the country below seemed almost flat, with undulating hills. The height of the Horn is 5645 feet above tlie level of the sea. We now descended to breakfast — the bush-fare I need not describe ; but I can safety say we never ate more henxtily in our lives — the pure mountain air and exorcise creating a voracious appetite. Furnishing ourselves with lunch, we tra versed a well-grassed plain, through which flowed a creek of the clearest and purest water for about 14 miles, around which was the same kind of scenery that greeted us the previous day. We tra velled completely round another gigantic mass of rocks called the " Hnmp," the next highest point ; and, in so-doing, saw a large number of lyre birds, three of which were shot in about half-an-lionr by one of our party, who carried a double- barrelled gun. On one side the foliage is dense, although dwarfed, throwing out branches near the ground in a parallel direction, and immense boulders con fronting us everywhere, so that it was sometime before we got to the top. We, however, were amply repaid for our toil, by the splendid view we had of the sur rounding country. In the distance, we could plainly see Wangaratta, Lake win ton, jroLupuiiKan, nuciaanu, ivan- diligong, Ovens River, and (but for flic bush-fires) Beechworth. Wo stayed here sometime, and ate our lunch. We also visited tlie " Cathedrals," an immense mass broken up into slabs of great height, and so disposed as to give at a distance some resnnblanco to a cathedral. Tlie largest detached rock is called ££ The Leviathan," and well it deserves its name. I did not measure it ; but our guide in formed us that it was 1G0 feot long, SO feet broad, and 60 feet high. What is most singular, is that it stands on one small central point of 12 feet square, from which it slopes upward and outward, and neitlier balanced nor upheld in any other way. We walked upright .all round it — a regiment of soldiers could be shel tered by it. On our return to . the camp, so severe had been the exertions of the' day that one of our party had great difficulty in walking hack to the camp. After another night's rest we started on our return h-me, getting down in a little more than three hours ; and, although tired, still feeling that both body and mind bas been been benefitted by the excursion. The Fowl-Yard. — That famous 50,000 dollar cow which was so much talked about in this country a few years ago, has found a rival in point of proportionate pecuniary worth in a 502dol. chicken. The English Agricultural Gazette says that a game cock was recently sold for the above excessive price, and suggests that in the future the raising of such chickens would prove a very lucrative source of income. The same journal, we (Scientific American) notice, says that over 10,000,000dols. worth of eggs wore imported into England in 1876, and yet the supply was short of the demand. Here is an opening for poultrymen, and a wider field for invention of egg-preserving processes and egg-carrying devices. : 