Ifafast ffwis. VESSEL STBANDED. — The barque Batavia with a cargo of sugar from Batavia "ran aground below Point Malcom near the Semaphore this morning. It is expected that s' ae will get off to-morrow morning without d?.mage. RIVEB NEWS.—The fol'.owing were the heights of the rivers at th<v localities mentioned as reported at the Telegraph Office on Thursday, January 9:—liurrur^bidgee — Gundagar, 2 ft.; Hay, summer V eyel; Balranald, 5 ft. 8 in. Darling—Walgettj ^rewarrina, Bourke, summer level; Wilcannia, 4 ft.; Menindie, 5 ft.; Pooncarie, 9 ft.; Wen^worth, 16 ft. 3 in. Murray— Echuca, 3 ft. Sin.; above Euston, 13 ft. 10 in.; Overland Con? er, 12 ft. 11 in. FIBE AT NOBGAN.—News has been received that Mr. Joseph Morphett's store and dwellipgfeouee at Morgan was burned at 2 a.m. on Thursday. The property is insured. 1£KIK. EXFHBIVHNTAI. FABK.—The Superintendent, in his report for the month of December,-states that for a few days the weather had been very hot. The yield from 12 acres of barley sown had been 49 bags; from 6 acres of bats 3 tons of hay; from 105 acres of wheat, ^130| bags; and from 64 acres of wheat, sown for hay, 32 tons. The averages were thus: —Barley, 16 bushels per acre; hay, half ton per acre; and wheat 5£ bushels per acre. The rainfall during the month had been 0*410 on three days. Temperature—highest, 103° ; lowest, 52° ; average, SCRUB LANDS SALE.—A sale of scrub leases took place at the Land Office this (Thursday) morning, January 9. There was a large attendance. The leases of twenty-four sections in the Hundred of Balaklava and. five sections in the -Hundred of Inkerman were offered at an upset rental of 10s. for each section. The prices realized were high, amounting in one case— Section 137, Hundred Balaklava—to £25 5s. per annum. The unbranded wild cattle in the Hundreds of Nildottie and Tounghuaband were sold for £23, and an annual lease of twenty three acres in the Hundred of Caroline was sold at a rental of £7 per annum. PBTNCE ALTOTTO SAILORS' HOME.—The Hon Secretary of this institution informs us that he has received £1910s. from the Bank of South Australia towards the funds. A THIAL AT THE HOSPITAL.—Mr. Beddome, the Police Magistrate, held a Court at the Adelaide Hospital on Wednesday, January 8, when Thomas Kairi was charged with attempting to conunit suicide. Mr. Beddome remanded Kaih to the Infirmary at the Adelaide Gaol. We were misinformed the other'day when we stated that the charge would be preferred against thd man at Strathalbyn. STJDDEM DEATH.—The police having reported to the City Coroner the sudden death of man named Charles Watling, aged 77, of Thebarton, who died rather suddenly on January 7, an enquiry was made as to the necessity or otherwise of holding an inquest. The Coroner found that deceased had been suffering from spinal affection for some years and was a partial cripple from that, and although not apparently ill enough te call in medical aid it was evident he had been out of health tor some time. An inquest was deemed unnecessary. OPHTHALMIA. — The Soutlo-Eastem Star of January 7 states that " since the hot weather set in a very painful disease of the eyes has been prevalent amongst Mount Gambler residents, The disease, we axe informed, is somewhat j similar to sandy blight, and gives sufferers excruciating pain while it lasts, and not unfre- ^uently deprives them temporarily of sight: The glare produced by the sun's rays upon the light-coloured material of which our streets are constructed is very trying to the eyes, and no doubt has something to do with the prevalence of the complaint." ACCIDENT.—A man named Christopher Jones, of Morphett Vale, was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Tuesday evening, January 1. suffering from a compound fracture of the right leg, caused by falling off a horse. REPORTED DEATH.—The police reported to the City Coroner on January 8 the death ot the infant child of James Quin, of West Adelaide, The Coroner having made enquiries, and finding that the child was stillborn, deemed an inquest unnecessary. FIRE NEAR HOYLBTON.—We regret to learn that by a bushfire near Hoyleton considerable damage has been done to the farm of Mr. G. Barnard. The fire was first noticed by the servants on the farm at 10 o'clock on Saturday morning, and about two hours afterwards it reached Mr. Barnard's property. Forty chains of fence on the south side and a quantity of grass were burned and a number of young olive trees were destroyed. There was great difficulty in saving the house. A hut belonging to Mr. Evans was also burned to the ground, : ADELAIDE BENEVOLENT AND STRANGERS' FRIEND SOCIETY.—The Committee of this Society held their monthly meeting on Tuesday, January 7, at the Church Office; the Hon. John Colton in the chair. The Treasurer' minute was read, sho wing a balance in hand of £2 4s.. fid. The sum voted to relieve the various cases biought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the last month, amounted to £9 14s., being to relieve twenty-six cases. Each member of the Com mittee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. A subscription of £1010s. was received from the Bank of South Australia. A proposition by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat for the appointment of a paid visitor to whom cases needing enquiry could be referred was discussed and ultimately withdrawn, the City Missionaries kindly undertaking to continue to enquire into any cases referred to them as heretofore. LOYAL SOUTH AUSTRALIAN LODGE, I.O.O.F.— The half-yearly meeting for the change of chair of the Loyal South Australian Lodge, No I.O.O.F., waB held on Tuesday night, January 7, in the Lodge-room, Labour League Hall, Hi nd ley-street. The following Brothers were installed by Sen. P.G. J. Jones into their respective offices:—J.P.G., B. Barnes; N.G.; ffhos. Usher; V.G., P. McMahon; Recording Secretary, Chas. Hofmeyer; Treasurer, J. Rowe L Medical officer, Dr. Peel; Permanent Finance Secretary, John Jones (re-elected). The . Auditors' report and balance-sheets for the last -half-year were read, received, and adopted. The Lodge was instituted on June 2, 1877, and a balance-sheet from that date up to 31st ^December, 1878, was read. The total amonnt of funds received up to December 31 was £71212sj 7d. The amount expended was as follows:—Sick pay, £109 14s.3d.;G. Lodge dues, £94 3s. Id.) medical attendance and medicines, £204 10s. 3d.; salaries of Lodge officers, £1516s. 3d.; rent of lodge room, £7 17*- 6d.; regalia and goods^ £52 3s. 4d.; expenses of Committees, £8 10s.; gifts, £15 12s.; caBh returned, £6 7s.; making a total of £525 Is. 10d.—leaving a credit balance of £187 10s. 9d. The estimated value of the Lodge property is £50 18s. lOd. - The total worth of the Lodge funds and property is £238 9s. 7d. There are 132 members good on the books. Brother Jones, as the founder of the Order in South Australia, congratulated the members on the increasing prosperity of the Lodge, and hoped that it would continue. MR. TOIMEH'S GOLD ESCORT EXPLOITS.— A correspondent sends ns for publicaition the following extract from the letter of the Forest Creek correspondent of the Melbourne Argus. The letter bears date June 18, 1852, and was published in our Melbourne "contemporary on June 25:—"The Adelaide Escort has met with much opposition from the floods, having lost its cart, some horses, and nearly the lives of several of the riders. The road was almost impassable, and none but such men as Tolmer and hk band had courage enough to face the difficulties. The gold appears to have been saved, as also the maiL There have been some heavy floods between here and Melbourne, and I would again call the attention of the Government to the dangerous state of the Deep and Jackson's Creeks. Another life has been sacrificed at the former creek, and what was a bridge, or rather dam, is now very dangerous to cross. The mail has been stopped at both these creeks, and the mail contractor has a very good excuse for being behind time: none but a fool would risk his life to cross these creeks when flooded for Gbvercraent, and should the present driver be that fool I doubt much if Government would support his wife and family after he was at the bottom." This extract shows that the recovery of the gold from the Deep Crec-i. by Mr. Tolmer was m easy undertaking. CONSUMPTION AND ITS CUBE.—We have received a copy of Dr. Edwin Alahone's work on Consumption: its Cure by an Entirely New Remedy." The author, who appears to have achieved a position of eminence in London, has made consumption a special study. He was led to this by having been himself a sufferer from the dread disease and given up "as incurable by the most eminent medical authorities in London." The perfect success that attended his investigation has led him to place the results before the |>ublic, and he illustrates the efficacy of his treatment by at least fifty cases which bad been pronounced incurable. Dr. Alabone writes a few interesting chapters on the causes, symptoms, and cure of the disease, and in the course of one of them he discusses the question, "Is phthisis contagious?" It appears that the ancients universally believed, it to be so, and that even now it is a matter of question. The writer says'I'Morgagni and Valsalva were so impressed wita the contagious nature -of this disease that they actually refused to perform post- mortem examinations on persons who had died of phthisis. It is, however, a most difficult matter to determine, but from the pathology of the "disease from its progress and causes, and from comparison with other diseases known to be of a contagions nature, I am of opinion that the disease is not contagious. The question, however, is one that demands our most serious consideration, for if it could be definitely shown to be communicable to healthy persons we could do much in preventing its spread." In answer to the important question—"Is consumption curable ?" the author offers the following remarks:—" "Up to the present time it has been the general opinion that it is incurable. This opinion I do not hesitate to pronounce incorrect. I shall presently show that although the disease has far advanced it is curable. The only method of proving this is to adduce facts, and I shall lay before the reader a series of cases (many in. the latter stage) which are now restored to perfeet health. I myself am a living testimony"; and to abandon a consumptive patient as incurable is opposed to all ideas of justice and humanity, for every stage of this disease is amenable to the treatment I propose." The doctor substitutes for cod-liver oil, which he does not think is deserving of the reputation it has attained, an emulsion consisting of oleine and phosphorus compounded with other fatty ingredients, which he says can be taken by the most delicate person without any disagreeable effects, and which exerts a beneficial influence over the disease. This emulsion, with, according to the' severity of the cases, the inhalation of oxygen gas and the application of other remedies, ap- pears to be the principal treatment used, and; from the statement of cases at the end of the work Dr. Alabone has wrought some marvellous cures. The book is written in a popular style; and will prove of especial interest to all who are in any way affected-with pulmonary diseases. EFFECT OF THE ELECTRIC LIGHT ON THE EYES, —Professor Tidy, of-the London Hospital, in a letter to the Times says:—" I have made a point of remaining in the-neighbourhood of the electric light for at least three hours, in order to observe its effects upon me after being exposed to its action for some time. For a time nothing struck me except the intensity of the illumination and the darkness beyond. But before long my eyes became entirely blinded to all rays except the blue; and as a result everybody and everything appeared of a ghastly blue tint. For hours after I; returned, home the blue rayf haunted me ; but what was worse still I suffered from what I am rarely a sufferer from—an in-j tense headache, especially seated about the region of the eyes. As a medical man I am convinced that whatever may be the advantage of the electric light as an ilhiminant for large outdoor spaces it can never be used as a room illuminant, or even as a general street illumi nant with advantage, save to the medical prof fession generally and to ophthalmic surgeons in particular." THE OPPROBRIUM or SCOTCH RELIGION.—R "Atlas" in the World, says^—When the Scotch papers described what manner of men the .City of Glasgow Bank Directors were a little fact oame out which I hope will not be lost sight of. I call particular attention to it because it looks more likea jest than the grim fact which it is. One of the Directors always most sternly refused to read a Monday's newspaper because it had to be printed on the Sabbath Day. This is almost like the jest that in Scotland the hens are not allowed to lay eggs on Sunday. A Scotchman whom I know informs me that he was carefully trained as a boy to be a Bank Director, for he was not allowed to whistle to his dog on the Lord's Day. He might call it in English, or call it in Gaelic, but whistling was devilish. It is to be hoped that the present exposure may have a good-effect in reducing to ite absurdity the Sabbatarianism which is the opprobrium of Scotch religion. These Scotch elders devour widows 1 houses without compunction, but they excommunicate a compositor wno has an engagement on a daily paper, and therefore has to work on Sundays. I do trust that our friends of the Scotch Press will use the present oppor tunity to give a deathblow to the degrading superstition which raises the Fourth Commandment into the greatest of all, and in too many cases makes it the substitute of all." REMARKABLE CLOCK MECHANISM.—In the French horological section at the Exhibition are two clocks remarkable for their mechanism. On the top of one of them is^seated, says the Silve, smiths' Trade Journal, a handsomely attired Greek lady, a figure hardly a span high, with a small barrel-organ, supported by a boy, resting on her knees. Wi;-: the last stroke of the clock this miniature organ is set in motion and plays a tune, the boy keeping time with his head. Oh the left arm of the figure is a bright starling, which as soon as the piece is played out repeat^ the melody, accompanied "by the movements of the ladv's head. The mechanism of the second clock is still more wonderful. The ..clock is surmounted by* a figure representiug juggler in Oriental costume, seated behind a golden table. To his right stand three large silver bells on a plate. The juggler raises himself as the clock strikes, and gesticulates with his hands as if in preparation for his feat, takes up one of the bells, shows it to the spectators to convince them that it is empty, then seizes another hell, and puts both on the table. He lifts them up again, anc under each lies now a golden egg, which appears and disappears repeatedly. Sometimes both eggs! disappear; sometimes they increase iu number, and instead of -two three or four < are seen. The little magician's performance reaches its " climax when he turns . up the thirt bell and displays a "bronze ball to the astonishec audience. This bronze'ball bursts immediate! after, and a Liliputian bird, about the length o a finger-nail, makes its exit and pipes a tune. The next moment all vanishes again, and thii clever performer, after a graceful bow, resumed his seat." " " . . MARTIKI- HEKRT RIFLES. — The following concise instructions for cleaning the Martini Henry rifles are supplied to. members of th& SA^K.RA., to whom rifles.are. issued:—Open "the breeeb. Wrap a damp rag, flannel, or tow round the jag of the cleaning-rod until the size of the bore. Cleaning-rod always to b4 passed through sight-protector before fixing jag. Rub the barrel carefully up and down with i; to remove the fouling as soon as possible aftep having been used. No water is to be. used : Should the rod stick fast in the barrel no attempt is to be made to drag it out by. extreme force, but the Armourer is to be called upon tt> remove it. Replace the aforementioned fag by an oiled rag—woollen if possible—and pass the latter a few times up and down the baxre] Wipe the breech and block with an oileijl rag to remove dirt and prevent rust. Thp cartridge chamber to be wiped out thoroughly from breech end and then oiled. Close the breeeb, easing springs at the same time. Rifle should be wiped over with an oiled rag after parade. All cutting substances, such as emery, Sandpaper, &c.;, are to be strictly avoided in cleaning. Care must be taken not to injure the face of the block in cleaning, especially the striker hole. The oil used should be mineral oil The breech action is on : no account to be tampered with; and the block is to be removed and replaced by the Armonrer only. The rifle is always to be kept with "eased springs." GRATIFYING. — Young person (applying for housemaid's place, where a footman was kep'. objected to children^ was engaged to. and visited by, a most 'spectable young man in the 'Orse Artillery, and with a fortnight's character from her last p^ce, but who altogether does not exactly suit)—" I really ham sorry, m'um, for ~ rather like your appearance Mum F—Punch. A Parisian gentleman gravely stated the other day that Eerl Beaconsfield intended to retire from the helm of State. " But what's he going to do to amuse himself?" a friend mildly enquired. " Oh, he is going into ze country, and he is going for to write the lives of the great milord mayors, and if he lives long enough he will write the lives of the aldermen celebrated for their virtue." 