WHAT about the drainage of the Sebastopol platean, and the stretch of coaatry which extends from that part of the district down to the Dnrham ? Ia this movement, locally, dead and bnried ? Or, is it only lying in abeyance pending the reassembling of Parliament, or the return of Mr BEBBY to Melbourne? We are induced to pnt these qaeatioos, because it is nearly two month9 since the public heard anything about this project, although shortly after thelocal bodies killed, by their objections, the Ministerial bill, a delegate was appointed by each of those same bodies to confer together with a view to deal exhaustively with the subject. What have these delegates done since? Or, rather, have they done anything at all ? If they bave done anything, certain it is that it has not reached tbe ears of the public. On the other hand, if they have done nothing, then all we can say is that it is high time they began, or they will sadly f neglect their duty. The drainage of this gronnd is of the first importance to the a people of this district. Consequently, DO more time shonld be loBt in preparing a scheme, in this town and neighborhood, which the Government can take np with every prospect of success in the Legislature, and which will prove eminently practical for the purpose. We shall, of conrse be met with the rejoinder that there is no necessity to embark in this work at present. Parliament will not reassemble, at tbe earliest, until June, and we are only now in the middle of Febrnary ; so that there is plenty of time to deal v>ith this sabject. But one very reasonable reply to this plea in favor of procrastination is that it is anything but too early to take this matter in hand. Whatever scheme IB propounded should be thoroughly ventilated before it is submitted to the Government. The public should have ample opportunity afforded to it to master every detail, as well as the broad whole; so that any defects discovered in the proposal may be remedied by the delegates before it leaves their hands, in order that the whole community can go heart and soul in support of thescheme, when it has besn presented to the Government for adoption. There is not an atom of time to spare to comply with all these requirements; and.therefore the sooner the delegates make a commencement to carry out the functions which they have accepted, the better it will be for their own credit and the welfare of the district People, generally, have bnt a small idea of the importance of this undertaking. Most people regard it as a mere experiment, which may or may not succeed. Whereas its success is snre, and its necessity to the district is equally certain. Take the following as an example. Since the idea was first mooted, the Guiding Star, on the Sebastopol platean, has strnck a splendid qnartz lode; and the Band and Albion No. 4, also on that plateau, a magnificent reef-wash. The lode in the former claim is 4 feet vide, payable all through, and yieldB at the rate of li oz of gold to the ton. The wash in the former is eo rich that on Friday week the tributors washed 60 oz to the machine, and for that fortnight obtained £17 10s a man for their, labor. Yet the lode in the Guiding Star and the reef-wash in the Band and Albionhave been tracked down to the water level, and the men cannot go any .farther downnardB -with their work, because, the. • water stops all progress in that direction. Here, then, 'we have a striking example of bow operations on the platean are rigidly checked by thswantcjf a drainage scheme, just tbe same aa'it ehows how largely muting operations coald be extended in this district if we cpuld only get rid 'of the water. But tbe sameihing preymls more or IBBS along the whole area of country that needs to be drained, thus showing that the whole community is not only deprived of a great ideal of wealth by the suspension of drainage works, but also that trade wonld be considerably benefited, and a large amonnt Of labor'profitably absorbed, by such works bang carried to fruition. Surely, then, it is high time the delegates chosen by the local bodies to deal with thiB project began to 4o the work for which they were appointed. The Government believe id draining this gronnd as tnnch as anyhuOtan bong in Bxistence. They are therefore prepared to-do their part tpwards the work ; and we seed hardly say that that part ia a veiy important ope- But in the meantime it is necessary that the district should tiioroagbly agree npon a scheme, BO IFAT ibe Government Mil be fortified in raieSoasei by local expertness and support, and that the Juaco of two months ago will not be repeated. All theee ends can only e attained by scheme, being laid before tbe public some time before it passes into the hands of the Ministry, in order that no disunion will locally arise after it has come before the Legislature for discussion. It is high time, therefore, the delegates made a move in this matter; and we trust no further reminder from us will be necessary to prompt them into effective action. IF money can do anything to achieve this end, then the KELLY gang should soon be destroyed or captured. There is now a total reward of £8000- offered for catting short the career of these desperadoes; and this amount ought to rid this and the neighboring colony of these ruffians most effectually. £8000 seems a large amount for the Governments of two colonies to pay for getting rid of four young men; and it certainly is a lot of money to part with for the extirpation of mere ruffians. But if this money Bhould succeed speedily in its object, then it will save both communities a very mnch larger expenditure hereafter; and this fact will be readily understood when we say that up to tbe present time the Government of Victoria have spent over e £20,000 in.the pursuit of this gang, and, to all appearances, the police are no farther forward towards their destruction or arrest than d they were when the chase originally started. If, then, the offer of this larger reward should mend matters in this respect, the outlay will be a real public boon ; in which caBe the money will have been wisely and -economically expended. It is hardly to be expected, perhaps, that the police will show any more activity in hunt* ing this gang down than they displayed before; or that a larger number of private parties will be found engaged in the pursuit, because the reward has been so largely increased. We have no doubt, in spite of all the statements which have been made to the contrary, that the police have not been lukewarm in the chase, although it is certain enough that they have been anything but wisely directed. No greater hope is, therefore, to be placed in the police than haB hitherto prevailed, because a much larger sum of money is offered for doing what is wanted. But there is this hope excited by the larger reward now offered for the arrest or destruction of these four young desperadoes, who have kept the whole of Australia in a state of ferment for the laBt four months. The magnitude of the reward will probably induce one or more of the persons in the secret of the gang's haunts to give the police information as to where they can be found; and when this is done the career of the gang will be very speedily ended. There is said to be honor amongBt thieves; but the aphorismjis of any thing but universal application. Nearly every bushranger in this and the neighboring colony has been secured by his friends overlooking this axiom; and there is no reason why the same state of things should not occur in this instance. £8000 is a tremendous amount of money for people of the class who associate with the KELLYS to get hold of. It means affluence all at onoe, ample wealth to clear oat to other fields, and funds to embark in years of enjoyment, of which such persons are not usually unmindful. Every reasonable, hope is therefore inspired, of tbe KELLY gang being soon run to earth, by the offer of this large reward, not because it will give any additional stimulus to the police, but becanBe it will induce one or more of those persons, who are in the secret of these ruffians' rendezvous, to give information to this effect to the police, and the reBt will speedily ollow. The Governments of Victoria and New South Wales have therefore adopted wise expedient in this case, and one that deserves to be generally commended. It is strange that there should be a particle of sympathy felt for these rascals, or that any living sonl should wish for their escape. The statements made by NED KELLY to excite commiseration are well known to be stupendous lies. On the other band, tbe risk every human being runs of being shot down, who discharges hiB.duty as an honest man by giving information to the police, or assisting any individual who has come under tbe KELLY ban, shows the real danger there is to the general public by these ruffians continuing in existence. Sympathy is therefore wasted on . such rascals as these, to say nothing of the criminality involved in such a feeling. However, sympathy or no sympathy, the Governments of the two colonies have done a wise thing by offering a large reward to bring tbe career of this gang to a close; and it is much to be hoped that an early success will be the result of their decision. These roffianB keep a large area of country in a continual state of terror. If four tigers were running loose, the effect could be so woree. It is high time, therefore, they were run down, and that no expense waB spared for the purpose. The polling for & member to serve in the legislative Assembly for West Boorke, in the place'bf the Hon. J. T. Smith, deceased, came off yesterday, and tea tilted in the return of Sir Deakia, the Liberal candidate. There are two or three email returns to come in, and .also a difficulty to dispose of >t Wgodend, where the stock of ballot-papers ran out before the poll closed, but neither of these circumstances can disturb tbe result of the contest, which is decidedly in Mr Deakin's favor. Details will be found given in another column. Mr Hardy received tbe following telegram from Melbourne yesterday relatire to- the case of the Hand and Band ^no^liab!Hty)::Company v the National. Bank:—" Be demurrer, Hand and Band against the bank. Demurrer 'overruled with costs. Leave given to the bank to answer within one month." This decision is of conrae in favor of the company. Tbe fall judgment appears ia another column. Mr J. Japiei, ALL. A., has received a communication from'tiutJPostal and Telegraph Department, etatiag that aji officer would be sent at an early date to enquire into and report upon the postal and tel^raphic requirements of Ballarat East, afionld the officer's report be favorable to the •Mews of the town councillors a post and telegraph office east of the Yanowee may become, at oo very date, an accomplished fact. A Very respectably dressed young nan, who -gave the wune of William Gordon, "Was arrested at the Western-station yesterday morning'by Constable O'Grady on a charge of drahkenneas. Gordon arrival by tbe first train from Melbourne,' and made himself ohnorious ott the ^platfoim bylaying hold of people-walking there, and aa no one in a state of inebriation is allowed to be inside the fence or the station, the ^constable removed bim to tbe lock-op. " At.the City Poliee Court yesterday Matthew Doncaster « i charged arith atealing a quantity of wearing apparel, on the 18th of June, the property of Elizabeth Goodwin: Mr Baiter appeared for the accused. - Prosecutrixatated in the -coarse - of her evidence that a young woman waa.stopping at her bouse at the time of the robbery, and that a littlejprl saw her break open one of -her boxes.' Sub-inspector -Babington, on hearing ibis evidence, immedlately lafthdiew .'the ^proseention, and the accused waa discharged. A meeting of file Carngham Reform League waa held at the Greyhound hotel, Snake Valley, on Monday evening; and-after-the usual -rtmtine business, which included the enrolling of aevnral new members, bid been disposed'or, those present sat. down to a supper prepared in the worthy hosfs weU-knoTOTOa«TOllent«tyfc. MrC.F. Howitt, president of the league, occupied the chair, and Mr~PhflIipaon the vice-chair. The 1 c chairman said thtt tbe CamRham branch ot the Beform League waa working'ouietly but ateadily, and they were quite as enthusiastic as ever in the -cause of poliiScal^etorm- The nsnal loyal and patriotic toafts w^re duly honored. The toast l of "The Hmutry" was proposed by Mr A. M'Donell, H.M.B, who forcibly pointed out the ienefits asrmia trom^the'-Hinistiy SDW in offioe. The toast of -" The-"Parliament of Victoria " was repUed toJby«r-D, Davies, MXJL, who waa •to paittMarij well received npon responding to " The Health ot Onr Member^" which na drank with great -enthualaam. Tbe toast of "Onr Visitors " waa acknowledged by Mr. 3. P. BobecU who, after alluding to the eervices Mr Davies bad rendered the Golden Belt Company, with which he waa connected, atated that he found the feeling In favor of Mr Davies was very strong wherever lie bad been in the electorate. Other toasts were given, and the company broke up at a late hour, after passing a veiy pleasant evening. The remains of the late Mr Eymer, of Staffordshire Beef, were interred in the local cemetery on Monday last, and were followed by a large number of friends, not only from the immediate neighborhood, but from Ballarat, and the leading residents of Smytheedale, Scars dale, and Piggoreet. Mr Eymer, who was one of the oldest residents of Staffordshire Beef, was mnch esteemed, not only by his large circle of friends, bnt by all with whom bis business brought him in contact, and his loss will be severely felt all over the district. Mrs Thornton will be unBble to receive visitors at Bishopscoutt on Friday, 21st and 28th instant. The Bishop and Mrs Thornton are at Melbourne during this and the next weeek, the guests of the Governor and tbe Bishop of Melbourne. We have received XI from Alice Maraden aid of the euSerers by the late bush-fires. The annual picnics of Christ Church and All Stunts' Sunday schools took place at Geelong yesterday. The children and some of their parents and teachers, numbering over 1200 souls, left tbe Western railway station at about seven a.m. Some little confusion arose over the manner in which they were crowded in the carriages provided for conveying them to Geelong, and some complaints were made against the Railway Department for not allowing more accommodation; but investigation showed that the fault lay with the promoters of the picnic, who informed the department that accommodation for about 900 persons would be sufficient. Carriages were provided for 1000 persons, but as more than that number assembled at the station, the result was thai those who weDt were obliged in consequence to submit to being crowded. After enjoying a veiy pleasant outing, the excursionists returned to Ballarat at about nine o'clock. A committee meeting of the Central Bowling Club was held at Craig's hotel on Monday evening, when the following gentlemen were draws to compete for a handsome pair of bowls, presented by Mr W. B. Withers:—Batten agst Howling, Peitce agst Bath, Cahill agst M'Donald, Creber agst Eyres, Taylor agst Perry, Pobjoy, agst Downes, Rogers agst Wilkins, Smith agst Butler. All tbe foregoing names have no handicaps. Brindagst Gibbings, Slater agst Turner, Murray agst.Wynne, Clegg agst Marquand, M'Naught agst Brown. The last-named ten gentlemen have a handicap of 8 points. Tbe following players have a handicap of 6 points:—Hudson agst Laughlin, Cuthbert agst King, Moray agst Leggo, Cant agst Eussell, Robins agst Whiteside, Bean agst Shoppee, Lester agst Salter, Goller agst Bailey, T. Sogers agst Fennings, Crocker agst Thompson. The above drawing must be played off by Saturday next at six o'clock. On Thursday next, 20th instant, the return match against Buniyong will be played on the dub's green, commencing at three o'clock sharp. The following gentlemen will compose the rinks for the Central Bowling Club:—No. 1—Creber, 1; Gibbings, 2 Howling, 3 j Eyres, captain. No. 2 rink—Cleggi 1; Pobjoy, 2; Boners, 3; Batten, captain. No 3 link—Smith, 1: Peirce, 2; WilkinB, 3; Taylor, captain. The lake, from five till seven o'clock each morning, has now a very animated appearance by the practice of tbe various crews in training which are to represent both the rowing clubs at the Ballarat, Geelong, and Melbourne regattas. The several clubs will, we hear, take part in the eight, four, and pair oar and sculling events. We have received a copy of Mr J. W. Mills' poem, entitled "A vision of Lake Wendouree." We have not space to say much about this poetto-day; but a cursory glance over its contents shows that Mr Mills has put together a very creditable and readable production. We shall have something more to say about this poem in a day or two. In our paragraph in yesterday's issue, referring ta the Elaine water supply, the deputation appointed to wait upon the shire council should have been Messrs A. Kay, Thomas Davis, and James Conley. Mr Valentine Tree has been elected member of the Bnngaree Board of Advice without opposition We are compelled to hold over a number of letters and other matter until to-morrow. In connection with the Mining Board .election, Mr M'Inerney will address the miners at Meagher's hotel, Kangaroo, to-morrow evening, at six o'clock; and at Skinner's hotel, Staffordshire Beef, at eight. On Friday, Mr M'Inerney will hold meetings at Horan's hotel, Happy Valley, at six o'clock; and at Farrell's hotel, Scarsdale, at eight. The "fenal fie for the gold medal presented by the president, Mr W. Vallance, for competition amoDg the members of the Learmonth Bowling Club, was played off on Monday. Messrs Jamee Henry and W. Bain were the competitors, and at the close of the game, it stood—Henry, 17; Bain, 85. The latter, therefore, won the trophy by eight ahots. The excursion of St. Andrew's "congregation to Geelong will take place on Tuesday, the 4th of March. The drawing for St. Peter's Church (Eaglehawk) art-union has been postponed until the 15th of March, owing to all the returns from the agencies not having been received by the committee. \- Mr J. H. Webb, one of the candidates for Mining Board honors, will address the miners of Haddon, at Campbell's Heather Bell hotel, tomorrow (Thursday) evening, at eight o'clock. - The receipts on the Victorian Railways for the week which ended on the 13th February were £23,614 8s 7d. The amount received in tbe corresponding period of last year was £21,956 3s 9d. Mr Rogers, one of the candidates for the Smythe*s Creek division, will address the miners at the Man of Kent hotel, Carngham, on Thursday evening, at eight o'clock. There is every probability of Ballarat being visited by an opera bouffe company for a short season, about Easter time, Mr Henry Bracy having secured the Academvof Music for tbe purpose of producing here, then, several operas by the company now on its way to Adelaide, when ' will perform for ft abort season. A meetihg of the industrial classes, to decide uponJ»',*ilemonstration in honor of Sir George Bowen -upon the occasion of his departure on Saturday next, waa held (says the Telegraph) at the Trades Hall on Monday evening. A Motion was moved by Mr E. Miller, to the effect that the approaching departure of Sir George Bowen was viewed with extreme regret by the industrial classes of this colony, whose friend he had been during tbe term of his administration. The motion was seconded by Mr Gunn, and carried, after which it was decided, on the motion of Mr Gratian, that all classes of artisans, mechanics, and others, should unite in holding a grand demonstration on the occasion of his Excellency's departure, and that the Trades' Hall committee, and the various trades societies, be requested toco-operate for this purpose. A report was then brought up by a representative committee, recommending the adoption of the following addreas, which they proposed be presented to his Excellency on the occasion of his departure:—"The hour-having almost arrived when your Excellency's administration of the government of this colony shall cease, we, the artisans, mechanics,_and others, of Melbonroe, desire to assure your Excellency of our loyal attachment to the throne and person of our most gracious sovereign the Queen. It is with sincere regret that we ate about to lose the advantages of tbe many nobleanddistingnishedqualities-whichhave marked your Excellency's conduct in the administration of tbe government of this colony, and the msny generous acts of kindness which have endeared jour Excellency ana Lady Bowen to the people of Victoria. In leaving onr shores we hnmbly pray for the safely and continued prosperity of your Excellency and Lady Bowen and family, and trust that your" Excellency will receive from the largo section of the community that we have the honor to. represent their assurance at the confidence they Save always felt in tbe exercise of that true statesmanship and impartiality for which your Erceltewy'e administration has been conspicuous.'' The addreas was unanimously adopted by. the meeting, and^tbe evening's proceedings dosed with a vote of thanks to the chairman, and three cheers for Sir George Bowen. Mr Donald Cameron, M.L.A. (says the Age), on Monday brought-under the notice -of the Secretary of Education the fact that during a recent tour through the Blackwood district he had received a i great number of complaints from the residents as to the scarcity of water for tbe use of the children attending the State schools. In reply it was pointed out to him tbat the department always supplied the necessary tan si, and that it waa the duty of the teachers to see that they were'properly supplied. If specific complaints were made they would receive due attention. Those interested in the diamond drills will he glad (remarks the Bexdigo Advertiser).to learn that Mr Newman, the officer io charge of the oneat the Great Southern, has succeeded in raising ore lifter and bit which were left at the bottom of the bore hale at a depth of 261 feet on Tuesday last. The job has been a very troublesome one, and Mr Newman is to- be complimented on the success of Us operations for the Tecovery of the oat appliance*. - It was expected that the corelifter would have been got tip .early on Monday morning, but Ihrough there being aatratnm <* loose qnartz at about460 feet -down, out of which a'-lot of rubbish- kept tumbling, die bore bole got filled Mm-fot .abort 8 feet front the bottom. Altar three attempts to reach the lost corelifter a screw tap was fitted to the end of the rod., and thon lowerod. When about 10 feet from the bottom oS the twre-bcie the eadol tbe \- bot^u£~rod rested on a substratum of lT^ud and Mod. Through this the rods had to be forced ^ownwards, btu the operation was successfully accomplished^ and the screw-tap forced into the Old et the core-lifter. When raising the rods for the last time, somtt doubt vas felt as to whether the plan would result successfully or not, but to tbe intense relief of Btr Newman and his assistants, and the evident gratification rf a number of persons who were present, tbe obstruction made its appearance, fast fixed on to the end of the last length of the boring-rods. Boring operations will be recommenced at once, and it is to be hoped that no more mishaps vUl occur. The following entries were received (says the Geelong Advertiser) on Monday for the Geelong Handicap Swimming Match, which takes place at the EuternBaths on the 25th instant:—J. M'Neill, J. Jamieaon, D. M*Crorie, A. Sibley, J. D.WebBter, V. Pearson, F. W. De Little, B. M. Nicholson, W. M'Donald, F. M. Douglass, W. Montgomery, and J. Irvine, all of Geelong; W. J. M'lndoe, E. T. Hodgson, and T. G. Richardson, of Melbourne; E. A. Bennett, A. Bennett, O. TurnbulL and W. Thurling, of Ballarat. The following from the P. C. News will interest a number of our readers:—" A little more than a fortnight ago the wife of Captain Cranston, of the local fire brigade, presented him with a son. The opportunity for a harmless joke afforded by the recurrence of St. Valentine's Day was too good to be lost by Captain Cranston's numerous friends, both in the brigade and out of it, and the result was that he waa inundated with cartoons all having a more or less direct reference to his recent acquisition. The number of missives of this nature at last assumed such proportions that the recipient seriously considered the advisability of procuring a waste-paper basket for their especial accommodation. We trust that the little stranger who is the came of such attentions will prove as gallant a fireman as his father has shown himself." The payments (says the Telegraph) under the Tand Tax Act for the past half-year have been satisfactory, upwards of £71,000 out of £70,000 having been paid. Ample notice has been given to the defaulters, and the Government are now about to issue writaagainst them, and have expressed the intention of strictly enforcing the payment of costs in every case. It was rumored (says the Geelong Advertiser) on Monday evening that the wife of a small farmer living near the Werribee, had eloped with her husband's man- servant, and had taken £50 in cash belonging to her hitherto lord and master. Referring to the escape of Wei berg, a correspondent, writing to the Gijipsland Mercury, asks if he did not get away at four o'clock in the morning, and whether the officials did not first see him after they were aroused by a man who was staying in the hut. 8 It is feared <says the Age) that Mr C. Byass, grand secretary of the Loyal Orange Lodge, Protestant Hall, has met his death by drowning. Mr J. D. Morris, of Cheltenham, reported on the 16th instant tbat the missing gentleman had been drowned in the bay, near MordiaUoc, and his clothes found on the beach. Mr Byass called at Mr Morris' hotel, Cheltenham, at twelve noon on the day in question, and had some luncheon. He left a horse and buggy there, and stated his intention of walking to the beach and getting a bathe, stating that he wonld be sure to be back at three p.m., as he had an appointment with Mr M'Kuight. Mr Byass waa seen between four and five p.m. on the beach, near the Black Bock, by Mr J. P. Brown, of MordiaUoc. Half-an-hour subsequently Mr Brown found the clothes on the beach as mentioned. The clothes were carefully plsced on a ledge of the rock, and there were naked footmarks leading from them to the water. Search was made for the body of Mr Byass during tbe whole of tbe 16tb, but without success. Sharks are said to be very numerous about that part of the coast. On Friday last Mr Byass insured his life in two different offices for an aggregate sum of £500, which sum he has bequeathed to his wife. Shortly before arriring at the railway station on Monday (says the Ararat Advertiser) one of the tracks of the seven p.m. goods train from Stawell to Ararat was discovered to be on fire, and a stoppage was made on the hill near Mr Lyttleton's house. Here water was procured, and the fire quenched before much damage was done, and the train proceeded on its journey. It is thought that a spark from the engine was the origin of the fire. 