PANNOOBAMAWM. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, 4th.December. The weather during the early part of the week was beautifully fine and cool, south winds prevailing, until Thursday when a hot wind blew from the north; which in the afternoon, be- came a perfect hurricane completely enveloping the plains in clouds of dust. On Friday morn- ing rain began to descend about three o'clock, and continued at intervals during the greater part of the day. The rain should have a very beneficial effect on the late crops and also on the grass which is becoming withered up. In the neighborhood of the Terricks, several bushfires have occurred. One of the most serious broke out on the farm of a selector named Jamieson. For- tunately, however, it was extinguished before any serious damage was done with the exception of destroying a quantity of fencing, and a por- tion of a grass paddock. As grass is everywhere very rank this season, smokers should exercise all possible caution in using those dangerous, articles, the wax vestas. There is not the slightest doubt that in the majority of cases, the origin of bushfires may be traced to the care- less use of matches. At Gunbower, strippers are now busily engaged in gathering in the golden grains. The yield is reported as being very satisfactory, some of the paddocks averaging from four to five bags per acre. The quality of the grain is very good. At Milloo several of the McCormack wire binders are at work, and are giving every satis- faction. On the farm of Mr. S. Hughes, one of Deering string binders has been at work during the week in a very good crop of wheat, and all who have witnessed the machine at work express themselves highly satisfied with the manner in which it performs its work. At Pannoobamawn and Pannoomilloo, several paddocks are already reaped and stooked. In many instances the work being done by Woods' reaper and binder, of which there are several in this immediate vicinity. Strippers have not came into general use here yet, the great ob- jection being the total loss of the straw. How- ever, those who have adopted the stripper will begin active operations next week. Several threshing machines will also commence work shortly. The locusts are very numerous in many parts of the district, and are doing considerable damage to the pastures and gardens. 