TOWN TALK. It is extremely probable that the Volun teer review this year will beheld at Geelong; It will be remembered that last year Major Smith made a promise to that effect, and it is understood that Mr Berry is in favor of the promise being fulfilled, although at the time it was made the Chief Secretary was in England. The Executive Committee of the Exhibi tion met last evening, aud decided to give the whole of Friday's proceeds of the Exhibition towards the Irish famine relief fund. Season ticket holders will have to pay for admission to the buildiDg. The Exhibition Band and the chorus party will give a special concert on Friday evening. The attendance at the Melbourne Juve nile Exhibition bas, so far, been very good, but the expenses of management are enor mous. Our Melbourne correspondent, in his letter to-day, states that they are £260 per week. Oars, we may add, is managed for £60, and well-managed too. We hear upon good authority that the political friends of tho hon. Joseph Jones are sending round the hat to defray his election eering expenses for the Yilliers and Hey tes bury constituency. - - A pleasant gathering took place at Leigh Load yesterday after the meeting of the Bannockburn Shire Council. As the meet ing was the last over which the President, Dr. Hope, would preside whilst id a state of single blessedness, he invited his'friends to meet him at Halpiu's' Hotel- Gold-top was produced, and. Cr. .Ritchie, in a few well chosen remarks, wished Dr. Hope happiness in the new state into which he was about to enter, and proposed his "health and that of his affianced.. Dr. Hope responded briefly and happily, expressing a hope that as a Benedict his relations with the Council would be a3 amicable as they had always been. At the end of the limbeburners' jetty one of the main po3ts fronting the sea has beeD burnt down to the water's edge, a distance of six feet from its summit. Whether acciden tally, or designedly, done is not known, but were it not for the rising - of the tide the northern landing place at the wharf might have been destroyed. That it could have bcec accidental is hardly to be supposed, and that it "could have been designedly done shows the perpetrator was actuated by wanton" mis chief, the result of which might have de prived visitors of a pleasant promenade. A meeting of creditors in the estate of Mr G. M'Cnre, hoot and shoe dealer, of Moora bool-street, was held yesterday. It was stated that the liabilities amounted to £SQ0, and the assets set down showed nearly that amount on paper. It was agreed to assign the estate to Messrs Kcroyd and Danby, of Melbourne, for the benefit of the creditors. We understand that a letter containing a promissory note for a large sum of money, which was posted by a gentleman at Win chela ea to a cattle dealer in Geelong, has gone astray. The letter was posted on the 3rd inst. .A special general meeting of the Geelong and Western District St. Patrick's Society was. held last night in St. Mary's school room. The object of-the meeting was to confirm the action of the committee in giving a donation of £50 to the Irish Famine Belief Fund. Their action was unani mously approved of. The steamer Golden Crown made an ex cursion trip from Melbourne to Geelong yes terday. About 530 persons availed them selves of the opportunity to visit this town, and a large number of them inspected the Exhibition. The Golden Crown left again for Melbourne at half-past four o'clock. A number of her passengers, who had delayed in town, missed the boat, and had to'.return i by train to the metropolis. We understand that it is the in.tention of the owners of tho. steamer to send-the Crown to Geelong once a week daring the continuance of the Ex hibitiou. A young man from the country, who had evidently paid homage at the shrine of Bacchus during the day, not wisely, but too well, while pursuing his tortuous way along the pavement near Messrs Bright and Hitch cocks' establishment shortly after? o'clock last evening, arrived suddenly at the con clusion that equestrianism was far preferable to pedestrianism in this warm summer weather, and noticing a horse hitched to a post outside the_ shop of the firm named, clambered into the saddle without hesita tion, and qnietly rode away. A number of persons who witnessed tbi3 misappro priation of the equine animal were too much amused to interfere, the cream of the joke, to them, being the fact that the steed be longed to his Worship the Mayor, who had a few moments previously entered the Exhibi tion building. Fortunately, perhaps, for his : Worship, a well-known " turfy" publican, who happened to be passing, ran after the intoxicated horsestealer, seized the animal's bridle firmly, and after some persuasion in duced the fellow to dismount. " He was per mitted to stagger away unmolested, possibly for the reason that there was an absence of policemen in the vicinity at the time. The twenty-seeond annual meeting of the congregation of the Reformed Pres byterian Church was held on- Monday evening at 7 o'clock, the chair being occupied by the Pastor, the Rev. A. M. Moore. After praise and prayer, the annual report and balance sheet, were pre sented, detailing the condition of the congre gation in all its interests. These were adopted and ordered to he printed, as in former yeare. The report showed that the congre- i gation had raised £317 Os 9Jd during the year, by which all demands were fully met. Of this sum, £25 17s 9d had been col lected by the young of the Sabbath school for the missions at Antioch. All the ordi nances of worship had been observed during the year with unbroken regularity. The Sab bath'school is in a healthy and prosperous condition, the steadiness of the teachers aud the serious earnestness of the scholars being all that conld be desired- The Wednesday evening meetings continue to be well attended, whilst eight new members were added to the fellowship of the church at last communion. The hour of public worship on Sabbath evenings has lately been changed to seven o'clock, to meet the convenience of some members who had difficulty in being present at an earlier hour. After the reading of the re port, a staff of managers for the current 3'ear was elected, when the Chairman gave an address on the " Historical Position and Principles of the Reformed Presbyterian Chnrch," and concluded by urging the members to labor in gathering in the care less and the outcast. The meeting termi nated with devotional exercises. Mr Heron, P.M., and his Worship the Mayor occupied the Bench at the Police Court yesterday. The only case that came under their notice was that of a man charged with having been drunk and disorderly. As it was his Srst offence, he was discharged. The stock of boots and shoes in the as signed estate of Mr P. Salmon, hoot and shoe maker, was sold by auction yesterday, by Messrs W. F. Packer and Co. - There was a large attendance of the trade, and the prices realised were very satisfactory. - A woman named Margaret O'Farrell was arrested yesterday afternoon and lodged in the lockup"on a charge of vagrancy. A man named John Welsh, 55 years of age, 'whilst walking on.a gravelled footpath, trod on a small stone," which slipped from under him. He fell and strained his right ankle rather severely. He was treated at the hos pital for the hnrt. The amount of money received at the Ex hibition yesterday was £30, but this sum does not include the tickets purchased on board the steamer Golden Crown, by the excur sionists from Melbourne. The weather yesterday was again very sultry. In the forenoon a hot northerly wind, accompanied by clouds ot dnst, made pedestrian traffic slightly disagreeable. To wards the afternoon the air became cooler, owing to a change of wind to the southward, and late last evening the dark clouds which obscured the sky betokened the proximity of rain. Referring to the statements in the free trade press, that protection has driven away vessels from onr ports, and that high prices will have to be paid for the shipment of wheat, the Horsham Times pertinently says:—"We will begin to believe in the allegations which have been made, when it is satisfactorily shown to us why freights are dearer in Sydney or South Australia, which are freetrade ports, than in Victoria ; and not before." From a paragraph which appears in yes terday's Argus, copied from the Sydney 1 Morning Herald, it appears that in the free trade colony of Jiew South Wales, " iu articles like rum the duty already was 500 or COO per cent., while some wines were taxed 100, and some ISO per cent, on their value." And the Government purpose in creasing these duties. . The receipts on the Government lines of railway for the week ending January Stb, lSS0,ainomitedto£23,G8017s7d, ascompared with £22,187 3s for the Corresponding week in 1S79. Passengers,etc.,£10,734 4s4d, as against £9417 17s lOd in 1S79. Merchan dise, minerals, and cattle, £12,940 13s 3d, as against £12,7G9 os 2d in 1879. Aggregate to this date from July 1st, £653,594 Ss 3d, as against £605,41019s lOd for the corre sponding period iu 1879. Weekly average (27 weeks), 1SS0, £24,207 4s, as against £24,644 17s iu 1S79. 2s umber of miles open—1S30, 1110; 1S79, 1035. An order for the release of Cresswell, sup posed to be Arthur Ortou, now detained in Parramatta Asylum, has been obtained from Judge Hargreaves in Chambers. He goes home at once with Mr Eckford, M.P. The Oxley correspondent of the Ovens and Murray Advertiser states that the tobacco crop on the Upper King is a failure, but that the hop growers are likely to have good re tarns-. Major Anderson is at present actively engaged canvassing, and expresses his determination of contesting South Gipps land at the forthcoming election. He was at Drouin and Warragul during the week. Wo {Telegraph) are informed that the ar bitrators of the Australian and European Bank confidently anticipate that the share holders will receive 32s per share, with divi dend from the lot October next. The arbitrators hope to finally conclude their work within a week or ten dayB. The first of four eclipses of the sun occur ring during 1SS0 took place on Monday. It wa3 total in some parts of the northern hemisphere, but was not visible in Victoria. We shall be similarly circumstanced with regard to all four eclipses, of which the next, is annular and the third and fourth partial. The two total eclipses of the moon, however, which occur on the 22nd June and 16th De cember, respectively, will both be visible in the colony. The Ararat correspondent of the Argus telegraphs under date of Monday :—Exten sive bush-fires are raging close to the town, and the heat has been excessive. Early in the afternoon it became rumored that two people had been burnt out, but this proved subsequently to be incorrect. Only the fenc ing of the places was destroyed, though the people were so frightened as to remove their furniture to a position of safety. The fires have now been subdued. A lire broke out on Monday afternoon on the Messrs Robertson Brothers' estate, Colac, between the big- Wantons and the Bullock Swamp. The fire is supposed to have originated from the camp fires of some harvest men who are employed on the estate.' About 150 acres of grass were destroyed, besides a few panels of fenc ing, also six teuts, new saddle and bridle, and some sundry articles belonging to the men. A serious accident (says the Clunes Guar dian) happened the other day to a Mr Tregonniug, employed in one of the claims iu the Clnncs Company. He \va3 in the lib. 1 shaft when a slab fell a depth of 90 feet, striking him on the back and loins, and knocking him down rendered him sense less. It was thought at first he. was dead, and it. seems little short of miracu lous that he escaped with his life. He is hurt internally, hut it is hoped with Btrict care and attention he will soon recover hi3 usual health. Xiie Ovens and Murray Advertiser re lates that during the thunderstorm on last Friday Mr C. G- Thompson, governor of the Beechworth Gaol, wsb writing in his office about half-past 11, just at the time the extraordinarily vivid flash of lightning was observed, when his pen suddenly dropped from his hand, and for several moments his arm and right side were quite paralysed. One of the warders abont the same time was passing along the courtyard with a bunch of keys in his hand, and the man himself felt the shock somewhat severely. Another curious circumstance is related ;— A constable who had come to Beechworth with a prisoner by the night train bad just arrived at the gaol, and rnng the bell at the gate, when the flash struck him and knocked him down, and he was found lying on the ground when the warder opened the gate. - With regard to Renter's telegram abont the Gold Coast of Africa, published on Mon day, we (Argus) have received the following information from a- gentleman who has seen four years' service on " the coast" The firsttrading port to the westward of Whydah (the seaport of Abomey) is Great Popo, a port principally used by French traders. This port is near the west end of the lagoon system running parallel to and at a short distance from the coast. The next Is "Ahgwey, a port used by the Portuguese ; and the next is Little Popo, where British inte rests are supreme. The possession of these ports would pnt Great Britain in power from Cape St. Paul's to Whydah—the only othei trading station being Porto Seguer, a Btation of little importance since the slave trade was pnt down." The Melbourne correspondent of the Ara rat Advertiser furnishes the following elec tion gossip :—"The Constitutionalists are abont to concentrate their efforts on Mini sterial seats, and there will be a desperate battle in some of these constituencies. One wonld have thonght that Castlemaine would have been left alone, hut such will not be the case ; on the contrary, work has been already commenced against Mr Patterson, and an active canvass to overthrow him has begun. • The main efforts of the party, how ; ever, will he concentrated on Geelong, where I every effort will be used to overthrow Mr | Berry, and with this view probably three Opposition candidates will come forward. Mr Kernot will not be bitterly opposed, j neither will Mr Johnstone, but the cry I of the Constitutionalists will be ' a bos [ Berry.' The Chief Secretary is aware of his danger, and is taking steps to prevent defeat. Mr Longmore will l have to fight for his life in Ripon and Hampden, but, as he is opposed by a squatter. Beaufort will probably save him. A deter mined effort will be made in South Grant to get rid of Mr Lalor, and it is rumored that the Catholics and Conservatives will unite to achieve this end. Strange to say, I don't think that Mr Woods will he interfered with, but Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will have a tight battle. Some people say that Mr Dow will have a walkover for Kara-Kara, but others assert that in spite of the cowardli ness of the local people, who were asked to come forward and would not, a champion will be found to fight with the hero of the map.". The Secretary oE the Geelong Permanent Investment and Benefit Building Society re ports having received for subscriptions, re payments, etc., during the month ending 13th January, 1SS0, the sum of £650 7s 6d, and that during the same period 11 new shares were issued. The Secretary of the Ladies' Benevolent Association has much pleasure in acknow ledging the receipt of a cheque for £5, being the annual subscription of Messrs T. and A Chirnside in aid of the funds of the Society. The Matron of the Industrial Schools de sires to acknowledge the kindness of the President and Committee of the Geelong In dustrial and Juvenile Exhibition in admit ting the children under her charge gratui tously, in order that they might see the in teresting exhibits displayed, and she states that they greatly enjoyed the privilege. The Matrou also thanks Mr Miller, the caterer, for his generous distribution of fruit amongst the children. The Christian Brothers very gratefully acknowledge the receipt o£ ten guineas from Mr Peter M'Ginniss, Newtown Hill, to wards the funds of St. Augustine's Or phanage. We have beeu requested by Mr Tweeddalo to intimate that owners of dogsmust register their pets on or before Thursday, for after that date they will render themselves liable to be summoued. The usnal monthly meeting of the Hospital General Committee will be held this after noon. when the sub-committees for the cur rent year will be appointed. The members of the Artillery Corps are particularly requested to assemble at the rooms this evening in order to receive defi nite instructions as to the shot and shell practice, arranged to take- place at Queens cliff next Saturday afternoon. The members and committee of the Chil well branch of the Protection League will meet at the Sawyers' Arms, at S o'clock on Friday evening. The subject of Mr M. Burnett's lecture on Saturday evening, in the Town Hall, in aid of the Irish Famine Relief Fund, will be "An Evening with Father Matthew, the great Apostle of Temperance." The charge for admission will be one shilling. The lecture will commence at 8 o'clock. 