DARLINGTON POINT. a t I I The idylls of this district at the present junc-1 ture are virtually the lively chronicles of our newly-officered Free Selectors' Association. This I body of local representatives has become wonder-1 fully effusive and energetic of late ; is perpetually I organising meetings and projecting meetings to come; and is equipping deputations, drafting petitions, and memoralising Government departments with an assiduity that deserves aud should command success. The fait is, we Darlingtonians are not exactly to be trifled with when we choose to shape ourselves into a proper fighting attitude. And we really have something to fight about this time. In the first place, we are protesting against the action of a certain station-holder in the matter ot a certain local reserve. We are arc bent upon breaking through and breaking up, if we can, the unrighteous cordon of pastoral interests that would, if it could, bend the whole principle and light of free selection to the caprice of a few squatters. K is not our purpose in this particular instance to pick a quarrel with (he laud laws (although these are surely oue-sidcd and galling enough), but it is our business now, as at all times, to contend against the illegal combinations fostered in high places against the spirit of the law and the pure administration of justice. We fancy, too, that we have very substantial grounds of grievance in the present case, and that we have it in our power to probe and expose a political and moral sore whose skilful diagnosis on our part m ght establish a precedent to be hereafter referred ! to and quoted for the benefit of free selectors generally, and to the glory of Daalington Point in particular. Some of your readers might remark, and justly too, that the preceding comments are vastly a la Beaconsfield. They nre intended to be so. The hour to divulge will come, and shortly ; but is not yet. A large and influential meeting was held at the residence of Mr. John Lander, of Eingwood, on i Monday afternoon last. The president of the Selectors' Association, K. U. C. Cummins, Esq., occupied the chair. The object ot the meeting was to consider the present aspect of the hn Hay- h v i VnfAniLrjl Narandera railway rn!]tl-uI' question, nllfiahnn and ami to fn repeS M-nnt-SftA. Government in favor of the southern route, A bich was nmunt, resent, on the motion «r Mr. Helton, .Konded I by Mr. Fraser. A deputation conditio* of Ki and Mr.~PeteVrirth"are* ^cT^ding to I Sydney _ in furtherance of theviewsof theSiation, when not only the Hon. John Lackey, SllX will be personally interviewed, but the Sydney Chamber of Commerce will be uvitedto Kite assistance 1 to a measure of such grave import to o_, V W U W J O Our local contingent ot accident, and offences has been beun HomewhaUieavy Bomewhat hnnvir a«d unit formidable^onkte! fnrmiiloMo I The fateful Murrumbidgee is credited with S i lowing up sundry amateur swimmera of the wan e . * - * » » » • : i l S by the wibMtroghe is estimated the form of disastrous whirlwinds, incipient bush-fires, and the whole accompanied by ft ^hting, withering heat. , ug h, i s m u c h commended m these parts forits just and m a n l y spousal of the cause R e Rev. John B. GriiiWeofJenldene, m J c t i o n iu. with the projected Black Protectorate in the" vicinity of Darlington Point. A meagre scribbler, hailing fromArgoon and Kulki, has been doing his poor best to asperse. this enterprise and ignore ite worthy fo^der and has, ot course, signally failed m the J ^ f ^ ol every humane, discriminating mind. Mercttul Heavens! if we will do nothing for those poor blacks, U1...1,., we «ro are hideously fiMpnnsltr cruel and unjust umust. The I , ^ A u s t r a l i a d e 8 e n r e g to be wrested fwm our unworthy grasp if the vanquished superseded I . b (f t h e p r e y only ot the vices of out civilization ! Where is the humanity, where is the common decency of relegating 'J God a image cut in ebony" to the lai&sez; faire policy of respectable sinners and halt-hearted, low-toned Chnstians ? 