STOCK REPORT. TWiflirmin. FebrOWT IS. The weather has been variable — at the early por tion of the week hot, followed by some cloudy days and a few drops of rain, but not of sufficient quantity to be of any serrioe. From Hay we learn from the " Standard"" that very trying weather has been experienced, un Sunday last aDeut a una 01 a,a moi of rain fen, which added to the oppressiveness, and about 0'2lin. of rain fall yesterday. From a private letter we learn that a "glorious rain" commenced at Mossgielon Saturday at 9 p.m.,and up till 11 a.m. on Snnday it had continued, and from the appearance of the heavens there was every prospeot of a con- | tinnance, 2Jin. of rain having fallen up to thattime. I The tanks about the locality were full and I overflowing. The roads were very soft. Wool still continues to arrive at the Hay wharf. Stock move ments there may be said to be nil. At Sydney pastoral properties do not command much attention, and we cannot report any change from dulness existing. Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Devlin report sale of Grassmere Station in the Maranoa district, Queensland, with 2,000 head mixed; cattle and all working plant and belongings, etc., for j lump sum of £5,600 cash. 1,806 fat cattle were j yarded for the week, which may be looked upon as I an average supply. " On Monday 1,085 were penned, quality being horn middling to very prime, the most I noticeable being a lot fqom the Hunter River pad docks, and made a high Average compared with the j late sales, prime making 14s. per l()01b., whilst medium and middling sold fram 10s. to 12b. On Thursday 771 were drawn for. Of this number were yarded, and closing sales ware about the same as those of Monday. 15,161 fat sheep were penned, quality of same being from very prime to middling; | all were cleared out at satisfactory figures. The manager of the Meat Preserving Company | having purchased largely, relieved the market | very much. We quote— 601b. at 9s. 6d. to I 9s. 9d.,5tlb. at 8s., 441b. at 7s. to 7s. 8d. These | figures are much guided by growth of wool. In store | sheep there is nothing new to report. The enquiry | for store cattle is still limited and no alteration in j low figures ruling. We hoped that recent expen- I ments in exportation of frozen meats to Europe I would tend to create a healthier tone to market. 4,968 bales of wool were offered at auction and 3,280 sold. We are glad to be able to still report a very strong I demand for wool, and a considerable quantity is being I sold at prices fully up tc as high rates as have been I ruling this season, especially for the medium and | lower class wools, greasy wool still being in good de- | maml. For fleeces, fair quality realised 15d. to 17d-, medium 13d. to 14id., greasy (good) 3d. to lid., me I dium and seedy (id. to 8d., scoured (good) 18d. to 1 20 Jd., and 12d. to 17d. for scoured quality and me- I dium. On the Bogan, Castlereagh, and Mac- 1 .quarie, the country looks fine, the grass is dry 1 and long, and some small bushfires have I occurred. Around Dubbo the country looks well, and sheep and cattle are In good condition. At Maitland sales of fat cattle were more animated than nsnal, and there was a slight advance for this description of stook. The quotations for prime quality were 10s. to lis. per 1001b., medium at lower rates. Fat sheep were again over-supplied; prime wethere, however, realised an advance, but there was no change to note in the valne of other kinds. The store cattle market showed a slight advance on rates previously rnling, but prices realised were still far from satisfactory or remunerative to breeders. Several lots of mixed yonng cattle were sold. There is a demand for Btore cattle suitable for fattening, but the unsatisfactory returns for fat sheep prevents business being done. From Bourke we learn by the report of the local papers that there have been some nice showers, which, though n6t giving water for storage, didsome good to the pastures and cooled the air considerably. No one could possibly com- he weather during the present season. Mr. D Esclln, of Cobar, has sold the following proper ties to Byrton, Attenborough, and Co., at a satisfac tory figure : — Goronga'Peak, with 7,000 sheep thereon, purchased from J. Gormly ; Coronga Peak East, partly improved, purchased from Gormlev and Cox ; : Coronga Peak Back, purchased from c. A. Beve- ridge ; BHck Coranga Peak East, purchased from P. Best, of Gunning; and the Robertson Block from R. M'Intyre, Wagga. At Melbourne, R. Goldsbrough and Co. report the sale of the Chowar station, on the Neimur, New South Wales, in conjunction with J. I C. Walker and Co., on account of the executors of the late Alexander Cameron, together with 12,608 I acres freehold land, 2,560 acres conditionally pur chased land, 18,250 sheep, 160 cattle, and 30 horses, | to Thomas Wragge, at a satisfactory price, terms I cash. At Deniliquin, James Mann and Co. report I sale of 25 head of fat cattle, on account of War- I will ah station, to the local trade : they have also I inquiries for small lots of breeding ewes, but buyers disinclined to operate owing to continued absence I ofrain. We have no stock movements to report.— " Pastoral Times." I (For Continuation of Agricultural Nbws ; I Flour and Produce Report ; Markets, j Etc., see page. 20. 