STOCK REPORT. Deniliquin, J anuary 2. 7!i6 "wcjvfclisr sine© our lust li&s; besn dry tli8 commencement of the week cool and pleasant, and at the close unpleasantly hot. The wool_passings have been confined to a few bales, and owing to the ab- sence of Victorian markets, stock movements nave been limited. At.Hay, according to the " Standard' there is at present a project of the contmuance of fine "weather. ' The river navigation is virtually closed, and wool from "Cobar passed througfr-f or Deniliquin- . -There is at present argreat quantity. dfc wbolou the wharf for despatch- The foUowmg are flie crossings':— 24th December— 8,000 fat sheep from Gorrong to Melbourne and 5,800 store wethers from for Culpataro H. B. Broughton and Co. report s£le of 1,200 ewes T. Pearce's, Gunbah, to Mdh- gan and others at a most satisfactory figure. At Wil- canniathe weathethas been cool for the season. Feed and water is drying up rapidly, rain is much wanted. The stock movements are— 340 fat bullocks' (Sir. John , d'ShanaSsjr's) from Fort Bonrke, destination un ; known; 500 fat stiedp (N. Wilson's), from Curra- wyriuia, are bound for M£IBoa#ne« A mob of fat ' cattle have started from Btmdingabbafof .Melbourne, Tlie .hews from the Barrier Ranges is thai the Weather has bebn stormy, dome heavy rains havd fallen; causing a flood hi ibo'st of the . cateeks.- Feed .is plentiful, and the surface watr is fast drying up?.- All the wool from the ranges h'as. noW gonA down. The road has been fit for .travelling filter this year than has ever before been known. Thd Scorth Australian Government are sinking ' a larger tank on the province boundary, near Thaekaiinga, for the use of travelling stock. At Bourke the weather was warm, and the country all aromid is getting vJry dry, rain is much wanted. There was a smart thunderstorm passed over, but without rain. Stock movements, are — 18,000 sheep from Weelamurra (King and' Son's), fcrrrncrly in tended for the Adelaide market, have had th?fr route changed to Sydney, going via Bogan. A fine mob of 288 bullocks and 16 cows (W. Davis and Co.'s, of Kerribree) will travel via Menindie to either Adelaide'or Melbourne, as may be decided; they are in excellent condition. AtDubbo the weather has been scorching, with hot winds and abundance of dust, rendering everything unpleasant. The country looks well. Feed and water are everywhere plenti ful, and stock could hardly look iu better condition. The grass is very long, making the danger of bush- fires felt. Numbers of notices are now to be seen on the road, and the provisions of the Careless Use of Fire Act will be rigidly enforced by the settlers. At Sydney the holidays interfered with the markets, only one sale being held during the Week ; 841 head of cattle was all that were yarded, prices remained low, and competition dull. A sale was held on an off-day, which tended to Still further weaken the market. Fat Sheep: On Monday, 7,720 were penned, the trade being well supplied; however, the market sas very dull, and it was with great difficulty that any sales were effected; 601b. sold at 7s. 9d. to 8s., 501b. 6s„ 401b. 5s. 6d. In store cattle, no change or inquiry. In store slieep nothing doing. At Mait- land, owing to the holidays, only one market was held; and although the fat cattle sales were well attended, yet animation was wanting, and prices receded to the lowest degree for .many years past ; really good bullocks sold at from 8s. to 9s. per 1001b. The cattle forward were excellent in quality, yet with a heavy supply backing up and a limited demand, leaving little chance of improvement. Quotations — Prime quality, 9s. to 10s. per 1001b.; medium, 8s. to 8s. 6d. Fat Sheep: The supply was moderately heavy; only a portion of consignments were sold. Boiling-down value may now be fixed as the basis of the returns available ; 424 wethers sold at 7s. 6d. ; 234 do., at 7s. ; 100 lambs, at 4s. 3d. to 5s. Duff's sheep sold at 7s. 3d.; Jackson's ewes at 6s. 3d. Quotations— Prime wethers, 7s. 6d. to 8s. ; medium and ewes in proportion. At Forbes there has been very lit'Ie doing in stock matters, the holidays having prevented any business being transacted. In the local market, Messrs. Gibsone, Braim, and Co. report sales of 5,500 wethers on _ the Murray ; 1,000 ewes in lamb, on account of Perricoota station; 120 rams, on account of Mr. ?. L. Parker and others ; and, in conjunction with Messrs. J. G. Dougharty and Co., 4,000 wethers on account of Mathoura station ; 2,000 do., on account of Cobran station. — Pastoral Times. 