ASSEMBLY- : The proceedings yesterday were commenced by Mr Orr, who, fune 'eolly, as is his wont, inquired- from the Minister; of Railways whethorN." bis attention had - been called " (what "V- phrase this ia l) to tho alleged destruction of proportyon the Gouiburn line by bushfires, caused by sparks from the funnels of railway locomotives. Mr WoodB said that if Mr Orr referred to the time when the Gouiburn Valley line waa opened, ho disputed the facts. Mr Orr moved the adjournment of the House ; Mr Speaker wouldn't let bim, and Mr Cooper d it for him. It was a parallel case with t t of the lamented Cock Robin. . I Then Mr Orr waxed bitter. ,He said that this was not a case to be settled in suoh an_ off hand fashion. Several people had been ruined by tbeeo fires, and the cause ofc the disaster was confidently stated to have arisen in the Bparke aforesaid. Then Mr Orr went on to eay that the Minister upon tho occasion to which he hod alluded had par ticipated in the good things of a feast eaten in honor of the oocasion, at vyhicb also the seductive champagne was qbundant. Fuithermore Mr Orr said he had learned that Mr Woods, when travelling back .iii the train, was not wholly unprovided with creature comforts, and was probably not in a position to give a calm and judicial opinion as to how the iiru originated. This was a neat way of insinuating that the honorable the Commissioner for Railways was " quisby" upon the occasion referred to_ — and the honorable member for Moira looked as if he meant it. HiB saturnine visage lighted up with the delight of Lucifer in the weakness of poor humanity. He looked ghastly and hollow, and ae thongh no amonnt of creatnre comforts could fill him out. In thte regard Mr Woods has the better of Mr Orr. Whatever sustenance he takes seems to do him good ; bnt Mr Orr, like the Rev. Mr Stiggins, does not seem capable of assimila tion. i Well, Mr Woods protested that he never drank champagne, and that he was prepared to prove thiB remarkable statement by the affida vits of four gentlemen connected with the press. There was no getting over this — gentlemen of the press are so well known as pronounced, not to say fanatical, abstainers from all man ner of alcoholic beverages, that any testimony as to an equal virtue in a Minister of the Crown would necessarily be, like Cffisar'a wife, beyond suspicion. 'However, Mr Woods said that ha waB experimenting with spark-catcbers — and here somebody groaned, " Another brake I" — while the honorable gentleman went on to say that an efficient spark-catcher would be worth L25.000 per annum. There are heaps of spark-catchers, Mr Woods, to be seen every afternoon in Collins street, ar rayed in Pinafore costume. Bat then their business lies in another direction than the instruments with which you are experi menting, There is poetry in the one — coin in the other. Of the two I am with you, and prefer the latter. Mr Gaunson, who ie most ingenious Sin devising reasons of the wet blanket order, , when accounting for any matter apparently to the credit of the Ministry, now snuffed out Mr Laurens. Mr Laurens expatiated upon the gratifying circumstance that, in >Yedges5lfty's Argus, there appeared a telegram stating that our 4 per cent debentures were then selling at £103 15s; also, that Victorian 4 per cents were quoted at 10s higher than those of New South Wales. Mr Laurens thought that he was conveying to the Houso the moBt agreeable news. It was reserved for Mr Gaunson to give it a lugu brious aspect. This bilious gentleman in stantly accounted for the milk in ths cocoa- nut by stating that while nobody disputed the fact that our debentures were better than those of other colonies, it was the more to. the discredit of Mr Barry that he had lost L315,000 over the L3, 000, 000 loan. Then be went on to say that the Premier had allowed himself to be "diddled" (whatever that may be) by the London busi ness men, and that the honorable gentleman had been so much afraid bis threats of broken heads and burning houses would influence the market,that he had not the courage to go in for the whole loan, Finally, Mr Gaunson said that the reason why our debentures stood so high was that the Times correspondent, who was now in Melbourne, had telegraphed to England stating that the Ministry waa about to give up the ghost. This was an ingenious theory st any rate, and indicates that Mr Gaunson chose his profession very happily. Presently Sir Bryan O'Loghlen reappeared upon the stage with a charge against the Argus. During a disoussion upon a matter introduced by Mr Zox relating to drawbacks — the which, I may inform my lady readers, have no relation to pullbacks, albeit thoy are qui' e as cumbersome in their aotion — Sir Bryan complained that the impenitent misreporter of the Argus had repeated the offence of whioh he (Sir Bryan) had spoken the previous evening. And then Sir Bryan particularised this second offence. Mr Service, who is evidently wearied with the childish petulance which wastes the precious hours that should . be piven to business, asked Mr Berry to uso his \- influence to urge on tho proceedings, when Mr Berry pointed out that ths digression under' which they suffered was commenced by an Opposition member; and the irrepressible M'Intyre exqlaimed that the discussion had bsen caused by an impertinent answer from the Commissioner of Customs. Here Mr M'Intyre was called to order, when Mr Speaker said that it bad been ruled in tho House of Commons that impertinent meant not pertinent. And so it does, Mr Speaker, in nine caies out of ten at any rate. I dare vow that there was a sly twinklo in your eye when you thus delivered your self. Presently Mr Woods, inanswer to Mr Duffy, stated that the-amount of free passes issued on occasion of the Berry banquet had been paid on the 14 th July; but to a similar inquiry from Mr Gaunson as to the sum paid, Mr Woods turned hit deaf ear. Mr Muuro aaye that the hon. gentleman has a deaf ear, and so I uso the expreasion in no offensive sense. Soon after, Mr Berry told the Honse that in the, course of two years the artillery corps would be "absorbed," and that meanwhile the;number would not exceed one hundred. Then Mr M'Intyre was answered by Mr Woods that' L345, 200 remained available for | railway construction out of tho un appropriated balanoo of the loan of L3, 000, 000. I think that Mr -M'Intyre whistled softly. Soon afterwards Mr Woods moved tho second reading of the Railway Loan Applica tion Bill. Then was Mr Woods badgered with numberless questions. Bull-baiting was nothing to it. Mr Cooper asked why the Government had not brought the bill in before. Mr Woods answered that they had not done bo, because the state of the finances would not permit it ; and Mr Munro's robust comment upon that statement . was conveyed in the exclamation " What rot !" Soon afterwards Mr MaoBain, with reference to some of Mr Woods's remarks, jocularly observed "You are on the wrong rail now, John." Then Mr Woods got pff the track, and said that he knew that the agitation about the unem ployed was got up by. . eome unscrupulous people, but it had proved , a failure and a "fizzle," and be also knew how this had oome about: Here Mr Cooper asked what thiB had to do with the bill, and Mr Service exclaimed that Mr Woods was wasting time, and Mr Woods Indignantly i repudiated this impeach ment. He'wanted to know who could accuse him of waating time; at whioh Mr Gillies took up the glove, and cried " I acouse you." At this Mr Woods retorted that anybody could do that, and there was nothing in it, for whioh rsmark ho waa rewarded with the cheers of Government supporters. Presently Mr Wcods referred to the Lancefield railway, and eaid that line would huva been constructed if the Government had Dot .been obstructed by Mr Harper and the party with whioh he waa conneoted. Mr I' rancie— who, by the way, looks as fresh a a three.year-old— called this "all bounoe." Mr Service remarked, with an'emphatice hitoh.that if all Mr Woods'a news were as truthful aathat which he had Imparted to the House, it would not bo worth much. Then Mr Woods said that he wanted 1 to have permanent surveys made, and Mr Munro aBked him if this was for the election; to which Mr Woods returned that ., he , desired to keep people empleyed, and that anybody who oppeaed the bill, would do so for the pur pose of keeping people idle— whereat Mr Bent thrust hia tongue' into hiB oheek, and, I fanoy, must ''have' mutterefi the word "Gammon." Well, Mr Munro remarked that "ho did not believe a word of., it,'.' and then Mr Woods concluded his speeoh with a protectionist peronation, whion.hro.ught down the applause of thoBe behind him. ' ' After this Mr. Munro nrqse, Ha was in good voice. There is nothing the matter with bis lungs. Even Mr , Nimmo, I fanoy, re garded him with eome- natural envy as he' pounded away against the bill, with all tfc. emphasis of a Cameroninn preaoher. I'll h..i Mr Munro to work (himself into a pasalnn faster than any man in the House. v„, might have heard him in Carlton GardsnR1 The big drum of Costa's concerts is nothing tn Mr Munro upon such ocoasions. Well, why not. Does not Sebastian advise hie son 7 Bo loud boy Tho merit o! your spcocli, Shall so ho judged. Tho lungs. As tho world wags, officer tho head. However, Mr Munro had a good deal to s&v; nnd be said it well. He walked into Mr WoodB in rare fashion ; so tgat I could have pitied that honest gentleman, had he needed it. Bnt ho Bat ae indifforent apparently to ths honorable member's nnathemns as though ha had been ae deaf ae Sir Joshua Reynolds, and ae scornfnl of hie company ns Lord North in a country tavern. Then Mr Gillie > made a cynical sort of Bpeeoh, prompted. ' as I thought, by a reflection that 1 -he bad himself poescd the ordeal under which ' Mr Woods now suffered. After this Sir John Q'SbannaBy had a. eay; then Mr Harper denied the truth of the etatementthat ho had ' in any way obstructed the 'Lancefield line and gavo a history of his connection with the matter. / This dohe' Mr Cameron said that I before hie honorable colleague had possessed ' political life; he bad the Lancefield line in hia head, and Bomebody.'a skedhim whether ha referred to the material, to whioh MrjCameron answered n'-rt, bnt went on to eay — with an ' emphatic ' ob" ae he pronounced eaoh name —that Mr Sharps, Mr Casey and Mr Munro , bad been instrumental fa obstructing' the construction of the Lancefield line. Here Mr Munro's favorite phrase, '.'That is not true," echoed through the . Chamber. After this- Mr Jono talked himself clean oat of his voice against the Ministry, and was fallowed by Mr Gaunson, who, in his usual discursive manner, abused Mr Woods and several other members of the Ministry with delightful impartiality, if not with remarkable relevancy to the' question. To Bomo of Mr Cameron's interruptions, Mr Gaunson said that he did not wish to qnarrel with a client, which little joke tickled the House amazedly ' and when Mr Cameron desired to make an explanation, Mr Munro told Mr Gaunson to take a note of it and charge Bix and eight. ' pence. Then Mr Fincham would have spoken, bnt Mr Cooper wonld not let him, at which Mr Fincbam grew yellow, and I am sure at that moment hated Mr Cooper with a eonsum. ing hatred. But then Mr Fincham had called Mr Munro a Caledonian Chief, and had other- wise interrupted the Corner, so that he only got bock that which ho bad given. However, the bill was read a second time committed, and passed without amend' ' ment, after which the House went on to oonsider the supplementary estimates. There was a great deal of talk, and not a little . " chaff " over these matters — especinlly when Mr Fisher's little bill came on for discussion. However, there was little to amuse. 1 The Houso was not in an obstructive humor. , Honorable members seemed to recognise that the game was up. I wonder, indeed, that they have not long Bgo declared this fact, and acted upon it. But I suppose they love their bondage, and that they linger in very fondnese to their impotency. As the Frisenet of Chillon eays : — . . My very chains am) I grew fricirie— So much a long communion IoliIb To mtko ns what wo arc ! Well, 'tis all a matter of tasth. For ray part , I 'would not an' I could, pass such a sorry life as that of a paid servant of tho people incom petent to earn my salary ; or, still worse, eager to earn i by servility and corruption. And this was my thought as I left the GALLERY, 