; ITEMS OF kUWS. - ' On Saturday morning last; the high' wind which had/prevailed.rthroughout the week blew in gusts, raising clouds of dust; which made outdoor exercise • anything. but agree-, able. The wind fell towards the afternoon, and bauks of 'cloud rolling up obscured the sky. .Although; a few drops fell ■ during Saturday evening, it was not until early the next morning that a light drizzliug rain began to fall. This continued off and on throughout Sunday, Sunday night/ and up to midday yesterday. This genial rain will most assuredly do good; for, though no very large quantity lias fallen, still it was a penetrating rain, aud will most assuredly quench the thirst, for a time, of. the parched ground. Were a good heavy thunderstorm to roll across the coun try, lilling the dams and tanks, little more could be desired. When goiug to press last night the atmosphere was cooler but muggyi and there are indications that the rain has not all passed over. To-day, the 10th of February, is the Chinese New Year's Day. It will be kept as a holiday by ull tho Chinese residents; in Wagga, who, like their British neighbours^ indulgo lo their hearts' content in festivities of all kinds. Tub business at the Police Court yesterday may be said to hare been nil. One femhlo ine briate, on bail, did not appear, and tlie bail was ordered to be estreated. Before the close of the court, however, a medical certificate was handed iu, so that the case stands adjourned; A site for the erection of a'Presbyterian Church and manso was laid out yesterday at Yarragundry, on the Wagga Wagga and Oeuili^uia road, by tho licensed surveyor of the district. We understand that Miss Smith, who is in chargo of the Public School iu that locality has been mainly instrumental iu getting collections for the abuve object. She deserves great credit for her zeal, and will, no doubt, iu time reap her reward. , i In reply to an application from Mr; A. H; M'Culloch, M.L.A., stating that he intended briugiug 1000 children from the Cumberland electorate to view the exhibition on tho 18th aud 19th February, it was decided by the Executive Commission to allow Mr. M'Culr loch a- reduction of 10 per cent, on the amount of tickets taken by him. , A habtesi thanksgiving -. service . was celebrated by the Ven. Archdeacon Pownnll, at St. John's Church, on Sunday. The Church .was decorated with ororgreens and miniature sheaves of corn. The rev. gentle: man took for his text a part of the 13th -rorso""of the 16th chapter of Deuteronomy— "After that thou hast'gathered in thy corn and thy wine,"—and alluded to tho fact that as-far .back ; as the filteonth century the "harvest' lioino" was celebrated by' the Church-in -England j it was. also, promised during-' tho sermon. that a harvest thanks giving service would bo annually celebrated in the Church of England in Wagga Wagga. i ■ wSpailyr0fSTn3ay evening last on behalf of the Irish Famine Relief Fund was, as previously , stated, a success as fa? as tho numbdra,patronising it were concerned. We regret, however,..that tho amount handed over to the treasurer of the fund was not Buch us might reasonably have been expected. After deducting expenses, including those of the coinpauy, which amounted to nearly £27, the sum realised was about £5. This enables outsidors to form a very fair estimate of tho charitable feeling which makes itself prominent in persona whose solo aim is self-aggrandisement. • Those of our townspeople who are in the habit of taking a stroll in the evening without tho precaution of carefully securing their households are warned that there are at preseut in Wagga Wagga a number of thieves, who uiuke it their business to " lift" anything they can lay-their hands on. Several mstunees of potty thefts have been brought most forcibly under our notice of lato, and should anyone happen' upon tho thieves, in the absence of proper police protection, they would almost be justified in taking the law iuto their own hands by administering a sound thrashing tp these contemptible offcasts of society. The cloudy weather which set in on Saturday obscured from view the tail of the comet, and it has not since been visible. The nucleus has, however, been seen from a point in Victoria, 1200 feet above tho Melbourne Observatory. Mb. J. P. MuIiLiks writes from Coota xnuudra, in reference to the late fight, and states that the encounter was not for any money consideration, but was caused through the insulting behaviour of the champion of Goulburn, who received a sound thrashing. A jew issues back we called attention to the approaches to the railway station, and affirmed that no time should be lost in having the rough quartz metal, which covers the roadway, properly blinded. This has not been dono, and the consequence of this want of attention on somebody's part led to the sticking of the coaches which were con veying passengers to the station on Sunday afternoon last. Tho passeugers had to ondurc the torture causod by walking over the metal, which brought most forcibly to their notice the sufferings pcrforce endured by the 'bus horses. Mb, Robert Barbour, member Cor the Murray, arrived iu Wagga Wagga, by train, from Sydney, on Sunday moruiug. He is likely to remain here for a few days. Dumkg the last few days we noticed' several waggou loads of native pine urrivo in Wagga Wagga. Tho sample is as good as we remember seeing fur some time. The timber was taken to the railway station, where it is to bo sawn up into weather boards for the buildings now beiug crected in that locality. An unusual action against the Municipal Council of Tamworth, is 011 the tapis, aris ing out of the conduct of its water carter on Friday evening. Ho filled the municipal cart and then drove opposite the front door of the Observer office, and emptied the con tents inside. He filled the cart again aud put a second load in the office. The man went for a third load aud comuienccd running it into the oflice also, when the mayor arrived and gave the man in charge. Tho reason assigned for this extraordinary conduct is because the Observer had nltuded to tho water cartas sprinkling the streets. A jfKV discovery has made quite a stir (says a I'arkea telegram) during the last few days. Miller aud party, working on Hartley's Creek run, about a mile and a half from the homestead, aud near Scrubby Pluius, have discovered a gold-bearing reef. They havo no stone on tho surface, but have a quantity below. Those who havo seen it are highly satisfied with it. The locality is new. Jones and party of Carrajong are raising first-class stone at No. 1 east, and' have got the same reef at 70ft, and havo since cut it at 15ft. and 30ft. Several of the old reefs have beou taken up again. During the week Connelly and party have taken up a three-acio lease on tho Great Northern lead, and are very confident of picking it up again. Me. ItoBEirr Bkjig'b public«housc, Coon amble, was totally destroyed by fire on Friduy night. Tho fire, with tho strong east wind that was blowing, was so violent that very little furniture could be saved. An inquest will be held immediately. It is understood that the proporty is insured for £000. Tho strong easterly wind is still blowing, and this eated tho town from further conflagration. j The following quantities of produce were recoivcd by tho Southern and Western roil - ways during tho past week :—3052 bales wool, 109 bundles skins, GS3 bags wheat, 2210 bugs (lour, 10 bags potatoes, 1424: bugs bran, '220 trucks hay, 319 packoges butter, 7G cases cheese, 151 cases egg3, 8 packages bacon, j "\Vb have been informed on good authority | (says tho Jirihlcvic Gazette) that the ranks of ihe supporters of the Narandera and Jerilderie railway have been reinforced by the addition of. Messrs. James Cochrane, of NVidgiewo; — Rudd, of Colombo Plainsj — Jenkins, of Duckinbong ; and — Faed, of Tirana. Tuf. Evening News has been favoured with the following telegram by the Undcr- Seerctary for Mines (Harric Wood, Esq.):—"Braid ,-wood, Saturday, 12.15.—To Under-Secretary for Mines.—-A new field has been reported to me as'having been discovered ot Temora, 12 miles from Woodtown. (Baker diggings— the nearest railway station, Cootamundra.) The sinking is GO feet, and tho prospects arc four ounces to the dish. I leave for thcro on Monday next.—Uekbt de Boos, Warden Southern Gold fields." , A few nights since (writes Kilcunda1 correspondent), tho eldest girl of a family re siding near tho Grantvillc Mills, Western Pojfc, was about getting into bed with her two.sistera; .who had retired a short time previously,' when she found to her horror, a large.tiger snake coiled1 up between the two girls. : With admirable presence of mind, she quietly awakened the eldest of the two, who was on the outside of the bed, aud gob her. on the floor, the snake in the meantime making.no movement to get away. Suddenly, the sleeping child: chauged her position, andj laid hcr arm right over the snake,; whioh, as quick as thought coiled >round her arm,'but happily did not attempt to bite. A few: moments 'afterwards,' as the snake • was. ; quietly unwinding itself, the little on (still! asleep) gave her arm a. jerk, and the snake was thrown to the floor, and glided beneath the bed.^It was -shortly afterwards killed, and. measured over four feet in length. • Tiie danger of mountain climbing was , fully exemplified on Saturday last, when a lady and gculleman ascendcd Mount Sturgeon. The prospeet (aays the Hamilim Spectator) was so pleasing,that thoy lingered until'the shades of night had fullen. Ten o'clock came, and as they had not returned homo their friends became anxious about them. The cry soon ran through, the township thati&Jr.; —-— and Alias were lost in the moun tains. A search party was soon organised,: and started in pursuit, and at the " wee ama'. hours" on Sabbath morning found the lost couple, who had wondered quite in the opposite direction of their homo, under the shelter of; a friendly rock, exhausted, and ,•waiting-foi^ more light before they ventured' any further.; Tiie ^harvest' being now almost altogether, gathered in, it is about time that the .results should be noted. These, although' Very satisfactory (saysthe Border Pal) we find do not afford cause for so much, congratulation' as might' Havo be6ri expected/-Froin actual observation wo -can report' that'the yield of wheat averages no more than 15;'arid: oats 20' bushels to the acre. On many farms wo have found the: average as low as! 8 bushels of wheat 'to the acre.' These aro* the'instances; which tend to,lower the general avoragojjbutj nevertheless the farmers appear to bo inclined!! to still further increase :thoir'areas under| tillage next season. ij In the insolvent estate of Allan Mackenzie,;! luto of Co.otamundra, deceased.1 A':'special meeting in this estate, will be held at tho court-room, Sydney,-on ' Wednesday, 3rdJ March, to commence at. 11 a.m.,* for,the proof' of debt against tho said estate.,. ! Ox Thursday night the" premises occupied 1 by Mr. E. C. Hobbs, saddler, &c.;,of.Coota-! niundra, luckily escaped destruction by fire;; and other premises adjoining" escaped with it.! Fortunately (says the Herald), .just as the! fire was getting a firm hold of the■ building,; it was seen by persons- passing along th^ ^oad,i who at onco .with'good judgment rushed to! give tho alarm, aud assistance being soon at; hand, the fire .was extinguished. • -A;number; of new bags were, destroyed,.and the- floor of; .the. building'damaged. >: Butifor-tho lucky; discovery, our , own premises' : would' have! shared in the fato of destruction. No-one1 can account for the origin of the . fire.~Ai bush fire whiuhraged on .the Muttama run; on Thursday night is reported to havo done; considerable destruction, to the grass -and fencing.' \- iir i^ioLriucuourc, SvCIuey,' on Thursday., before Mr. Justice..Bowling, Mr.,Lynch, the! member for Carcoar, sued Mr.' Walsh, who keeps an hotel near the railway station, for. £30. The plaintiff's .ease was that he had taken up his. residence; at.;the defendant's house, , who was a perfect stranger to him* That after a<. short stay at the hotel; Mr.: •Walsh asked plaintiff; io accommodate him' which ho did, but as it was not honoured, he (Mr. Lynch) was sued and.puMoan expense of £5t which brought up thoamount' to £30. For the defence it wasswornthat the plaintiff had not paid for his board and lodging, and that on severol - occasions; Mr. Lynch enter tained a numbor of other members of Parlia ment at Mr. Walsh's hotel. On such occasions the best liquors had boen'extensively con sumed. Also, during 36 weeks,a bedroom was reserved for Mr. Lyuch. His Honor said tho evidence given by defendant, his wife arid daughter, was overwhelming and clear. He, therefore, felt bound to give a verdict for defendant, with expenses of witnesses. Our two Parliamentary jeaders on Thurs day night, at one stage of the proceedings, seemed in momentary danger of imitating the bad Victorian precedent of pulling each other by the beard, not to mention the still more emphatic aldermanicprecedent "nearer home." Mr. Fitzpatrick (says a writer in the Echo) .volunteered to stake his personal honour and integrity aqainst those of Sir Henry Parkes before any competent jury. Sir Henry interjected, "Dou't say too much about juries." To which Mr. Fitzpatrick responded, "The honorable member has ; been much nearer the atmosphere of juries 1 than I havo been," an insinuation which compelled the Premier to ask, 14 What does i the^ houorablo member mean V and that again provoked the corresponding query from Mr. Fitzpatrick, "What does the honorable member mean by his interjec tion?" Hero dead silence reigned in the Chamber for the space of several seconds, and tho leaders faced each other on opposite sides of tho table, glaring with flainiug eyes and trembling with suppressed indignation like two—well the simile is rather irreverent, but wo must report it as we heard it " like two tomcats ready to fly at each other, with I their backs up and their tails convulsed." ! Happily, nothing further camo of it, aud ! the public aro left to.digeet tho insinuation as to how near either or both tho leaders may havo been at any time to the unpleasant atmosphere of a jury. At the Court of Petty Sessions at Howlong last Wednesday, John Everitt appeared on remand before Captain Brownrigg, and Mr. Geil, J.P., to answer a charge of having com- mitted rape on a married woman, named Julia Casey. The evidence having shown that at the time the offence was committed, the prosecutrix was under tho impression that the defendent was her husband (he also being in bed with her at the time), and consequently had not offered any resistance, the bench ex- allow of a committal on this charge, and the prisoner was discharged, the magistrate in- timating that a chargeo on another account could be preferred. We may add that the case cited by Captain Brownrigg in support of his decision, viz.,Regina v. Jackson, was exactly on all fours with the one in which Everitt was implicated, and no other result than the discharge of the prisoner could have been looked for. It is essentially necessary to prove resistance in cases of this description, and although the consent in this instance was obtained by fraud, the mature age of the prosecutrix would be a bar to any future action on that plea. A shocking account of tho sufferings of the Ksquituaux liviug iu tho vicinity of Behriug's Straits has reached .Saw Francisco with tho return of the Californian whalorq. It appears that the constant chasms.has driven tho whales considerably further to tho north, and the American whalers have in consequence during rc;ent years taken to kill tho walrus at the rate of nearly a hundred thousand anuually. As the seal is a neces sary of life to the Esquimaux in Greenland, so iu the walrus to those on tho shores of the .Straits ; ami tho gradual destruction of this animal ia causing.terrible sufferings among the people. On the shores of tho liay of St. Lawrcuco nearly one-half of the population has died from starvation; and it is stated that iu one village containing 200 inhabitants erery one has succumbed. It is computed that for every hundred walruses killed one Kspuimaux is Bturved to death. What seems to bo wanted is a regulation to stop the wholesale destruction of the walrus, iu the game way as the seal is now protected. We regret to have to record the death of Mrs. Glenlyon, the mother of Mrs. J. B. Wood, of Brundah, and Mrs. J. Wood, of Gorman's Hill. Mrs. Glenlyon (says the Grenfel Record) died at Wollangobba, the residence of her son, Mr. W. P. Mylecharane, J.P , on Thursday night, the 29th January, at the ripe age of seventy-five, and was buried by the side of her son in tho Grenfell ceme- tery on Saturday. Hares aro increasing in the neighbourhood of Young. Some time ago one was seen about the rocks at the back of 'Possum Flat, and a few days since a resident saw 0110 in NVishart's paddock. There was a gipsy wedding in a probate court in Columbus, Ohio, last Monday, Two tnen, five women, and three children belonging to the band of wanderers, presented them* selves.at tho court, and asked for a license. The bride wore a pink muslin dress, slightly en train t with a shawl of many colours, and a common black straw hat. Hor hair was straight and jet black, and on her fingers wore two brass rings. One of her sisters wore a white satin shawl, and another a silk dress, and both giggled immoderately. A minister •who i happened to be serving on a jury was j sent for, and tho ceremony was performed. A jollier crowd novcr attended a wedding. "What's.the damage?" askod the husband, putting his hand in his pocket. " Anything you want to give," replied his male gipsy com* panion. The prcachcr received a respectable fee. A vivacious young gipsy in a white dress, red woollen jacket and a garden hat covered with white gauzo, jumped up and congratulated the bride, whon hor com* panioiis followed hor examplo. Then tho wedding tramp began. ;"\Vo (jeeire to call the attention of those wlio I are' seeking investment in good squatting y property, lo the fact that the date of salo of ' the Glenariff Blocks, West Bogau, tlio property j of ..Mr. A, G. Jones, lias been extended to Wednesday, the 21st clay of April next. .We have been requested to call attention to an important sale by auction, particulars of ( ,\vhicb >vill be found iu our advertising columus, to.tako place on Tuesday, 17th February, at M'nllyan, closo to Cowra, when will be offered, by order of the mortgagees, without the slightest reserve, 13,579 sheep (mixed sexes), 3G3 head cattle, horses, &c.; The agents arc Wilkinson, Graves, Minchiu, and Lavender, Wagga Wagga, Hay, and Sydney., That compact aud highly improved station, Egan Creek, the property of Mr. W. Love, will be offered for'sale by public auction at the Exchange, Sydney,, by Messrs. Wilkin son," Grraves, Minchin, - arid . Laveudcr,- ;ih conjunction with Messrs. W. and J, Raleigh, on the 16th of March next. Full particulars of the run may be seen on reference to our advertising columns. .. Messrs. Finlay and Co.1 announce in our advertising columns that they will offer for sale by public auctiou, at their rooms, Goul burn, on Thursday, the 19th inst., that celebrated piece of country known as The .Springs, situated in th'e.Mauaro district, and comprising an area of 18,000 acres. ' The purchasers of Kildary station are, we are given to understand, the nephew and son of .Mr. Hastings Cuningham, of Melbourne. 'An error crept into the report of the pale of Kildary station in our last issue. For 30,000 sheep, read 13,000 odd. Messrs. Mort and Co.. report by telegram, dated Saturday:—We'sold over 2000 bales of wool this .week; at up to lSd. for fleece, llid. for greasy, and 20d. for scoured. The market is firm. Cablc.advices from London, reforring to the Sti'alhleVen meat, state' tHat the success of the experiment has increased the valuc of > station property 15 to 20'per cent. ' ' Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver report having sold'on .account of Mr. A. H. M'Culloch, Colano station,11,000. ewe weanera at 5s. Cd., cash. ' ' l! Sheep-stealing is said to be rifo'in* th'o Glen Innes district.A. few days ago 400 lambs were lost from one flock. An extensive' bush1 fire is raging on the Hon. Gv.Bakor's estate at Mormlta, South Australia:\:v-1 -.:v ■-. IA', bush'fire, hus' b'och'raging since Friday week last in the vicinity of Berrigan station. The fire .was seen very distinctly at Jerilderie, but we [Gazelle) have bcen unablo'tu ascertain whut amount: of damage it; has done/. Messrs. R. Goldsbrough and Co. report the sale of the Chowar station on theNcimur, New South Wales, in conjunction with Messrs. J. C.. Walker and Co., on account of tlio executors of the late Mr. Alexander Cameron, together with 12,608 acres freehold land, 3560 acres conditionally purchased land, 18,250;.sheep; 160'cattle,1 and 30 horses, to Air, - Thos. Wragge, at a satisfactory price, terms cash. ■'*'< - 