fiTtALa 1NioM A DwSELT.aNo.-On.Priday evoning during the absence from. soino'of.Mr. George Mar tyr of oeynoldd?stroot somdo on tldroei hslaresidonou' and stole 20/8 in mioney.. 'Tlhie sri;iant girl noticeid al lightin tha room and being alarmed lfetched her master home; but the thief had then gono. It was at.first thought that a. fIuither sun of ,4 and a brooch had I boon stolens; baitthose wior aftorwards found to have Ibeen dropped on the floor. "Monr.L AzerasA.-It is announoad that this lady will appear on Friday and Saturday next in Goulbnrn hand walk seventy.five miles in tweitty-six hours. Mdllo, Azella won the recent walking tournament ih Sydney, having done soventy-six miles four hundred and fifty yards in twenty-four hours. 811h is now under engagement to Mr. W. Edwards, the champion long.distanoo walker of Australia, for a tour through the colonios, aud. Mr. and Mrs. Edwards are travelling with her. The handbills say that " Mdlle. Azella is a beautiful brnnotto, twenty years of ago, of Fronch parentaige, but born in Australia; 5 ft. 3i in. in hoight, and weiglhs at. 7 lb. Her style of walking is easy and graceful in the extreme. When very young, Mdlllo. Azolla took great delight in walking long distancon and tlaking a largo amount of open.air exercise, which has boon the moeans of giving her a robust constitutitution and a bonutiful complexion. During her professional tour Azella will be under the immediate care of. Mrs. Win. Edwards ansd will always appear illn hanto and appropriato attire." . Mr. Edwards hase with' him the " largo champion belt which hl won lately in 'Sydney, and it may be seen in the bar of the Royal Hotel. The bolt is a very finue one and contains forty.five ouneos of silver. [Just as we wore going to press we learned that the use of the mechanics' instituto has boon re fnused to Edwards. After his former visit to Goii. burn it would appear that it was determianed not' again to lot the hall to him.] STusi MnAO HAI-IA Tinoui, apIpeared.aon Satuaalay evening in the hall of the moehanins' imstifuto bo. fore a small audience, no doubt the result of the short notice given of the troupe's appearance. .The ,ontertainment opens with some very boeautiful dioramic views of various parts of Now Zealand, 'shown by Mr. D. L. Mundy and minutely explained iby Captain Ferris, appropriate sunuoie being rendered by the pianist, Mr. lnusnell. At intervals and at suitablo places the gas is thrown up, 'the cdi'taidi rises, and Capt. Forris introduces the lDIaories in warrior costume. They Inulor about sixteeon, in-. eolding four or five feomales. Ona.of thol nacts. ,as chief, and ht his \word of commaes d the 3wholo eat onlc eonomm nco a variety of goostlres' and grillmaces, 'accompanied by most oxtraordiiiary yej'lls and gurowl Iunlnusical in the extreme. It given one a good idea of native savage lifoe Ti-e Inallluvreare se mnost anourate, and tile time boat by their foot and with ]their instruments of wai' woudorhflly correct. At tho intotermission and cP)soelusipn of 'the eontOrtain moent oaie of .thll 'hMfrioes .(throtiglh, Capt. Forris) makes a speech, ini which he is very' foud of expresse. ing lhis and lis.tribe's loyalty. The ontortainment ,was considerably matrldi'on HAi tirdlay night thirtigh the gas-lights gotting out of workinglorder. The troupe appear for the last tili0o this ovsning. Issorvn-ac.--Strroender-lJohe n Reid, in Cooma gaol. Liabilitips, £21 10/. : Assets, £2, Do flcioney, £19 19/. . . Poaus1(Iacu'eai AT ' BlnntowA.-He?nory. Bofk lias Iaoe applointod pouldkoopor at Burrowi, vice Sarah eaooe, deceased. MIlsan IlorsirAn rona' "Tuctisr.Mlss Amelia Hilton has boon appointedl mining registrar 'at Tamnut, and to issue minors' rights,' business anad mineral licenies. , ''' .. CAunIIAoe ActorNT.s-An ncidant occurred on Tuesday to Mr. C.:E..Dransflold of Jomnbaioumbono. It appoars:thbat' o thb'moranig in 'nquastion ifo'iyaa driving in Iis' darria'go"from his rosidnco't tovaRds Braidwood, accomapanied by Mrs. Dransfltld aild some other riiomlhrs of hliit family, and whoi hobiing.' down the hill near'Mr. Michaol Dowliug's fartm, the broaching got disarranged, and the hdrseos (tvo spirited animals) becoming xncontrollablo, boltd off the road and brought thie and of the polo into violent contact with a troo. The polo was of course broken by the forco of the concussion, and this, we are happy to day, was all tihe mischief that resilted, tlie' oconpants of tie carcniigo,. nlthougl: inch alarmed, oscaping unhurt.-Dispatch. Ile.t PInonvoUeCWiVt:i 1'r oil O.r?cl?y ?-A corros. poendent of the'8. M. Horal sanys :-A bill is now in progress through tile Legisativo Council ihavibg for its object to declare the standlard weight of a bushel ;of eortaiti'aliecilld articlba of farm prodluco. The effect of tlio bill, if it becomie law, will ho to nbasti tuto weight for capadlty.in contraots, for farm, pro. !dtlco--a very desirablo impr\'olveont. lBut in lonking 'tho olango it would oit well that a stimpleo au:l uni. form standard should be adopted. The bill howover plroposes to )erpetuate by aenctmeict tlihl ns of tlhe ushel,i in itself a mCeasnlring capacity, Iut hocce. forth to ri'eireseni t a eIllasro of weight, not uniform Ihowover, but imcaning one thing with oan kind of (grain and quite another thing with a difflt'ent kind of grain. Thus : A bushel of wri ot in to b1 60lb.; a bushel of mlnizo isto be 50i lIb.; a bushl of 'barley, 50 lb. or 52 lb., as it may be Cape orr IEnglish ; oals, 40 lb.; and so on. Since this complication icn uc. necessary, by ain not of tio icmporial parHlament passed in 1878, the gallon in. made tlho' uit from which all stanldard rnc!asurels of capacity (whIether for liquids or dry goods) shadll be derived, and the gallon is declared to contain 101b. of distilled watcr weiighied ill air, against brass weights, at a temporaturo of ;2' Fnahrenheit, with the barometer at 310 inches, and the hushcl is dcolared to be the equivalent of 4 gallons, and the luarter the e.quivalenti of 8 bushels; thus the Euglisho bushel remains consistently a mtiotacuro of capacity, bht in practice wheat is sold inll .Londoi n by the quarter of J190 lb., and maizo by tie 1001i. In Liverpool all grain and flour are sold by the cental of 100 lb. crain and flour in tiC counity of Cornwall are dealt in per cental of 100 lb., aud the same at Crowce in Cheshire, in York, Blilfast, and in some of the Scotch markots. 'lThe Board of Trade in England ,has recognised tho coutnl of 1001b, ast au Einglish stantdard, 'tlhus the rental is nmaking its way in the ohld country, notwithstanding its, love of old usages and reluctance to change. In Oanlifornia and west coast of South America, from which octrecs we must draw our snpplios in a season of failure of Australian Iharvnts, aill grain and Iloar are sold by the ceoutal of 100 lb. In Vitooria, which ic ti? prin. cipal consloerllllc for our maize, the now tariff is levied eon grain and flour by tin 1001 b., and a landard of weight adopl)teLd for tariff lurpowins cmut loosn be adoptoed for ordinary blusiness dealings. Wilth thsi precudeunts before I heim, I trust our logiisltucro will not perpetuate by enachncut tihe absurdity of ca varying busheol stadard, but, will adopt tih shtiplo uniform cental of 100lb. for all dealings in grain and flonr; and if the exacnplo bo set by the oldeht of thl Australian colonies, thero can be little doubt the simplicity of tile system will lnad to its adoptione by all the other colonios, and our legislature will merit tlhe gratitudo of overy grower, dealer, and constnllor, as well as of the boys and girls at school, who will be :pared the needless task of trying to master the vagaries of tho bushel. WAGA WA\GA. - Thursday. - A bush-fire was raging during the night near North Wagga, and destroyed a quantity of grass. The weather is showery.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. IePRIsorNED IN A SIDlEBoAnR.--What might have easily proved a fatal accident (the QuoauboyanuAge relates) happened on Saturday last to a child be. longing to lMr. S Davis of the Australian Arms' noneaboyan. Towards evening it was remarked that the child had not been seen for an hour or two, and of course search was immediately made, the close proximity of the riverincreasing the anxiety of the relations. Mr. Davis, to use his 'own words, " flow round the town," and many others aided in the search ; but no tidings of the whereabouts of the child could be gleaned, every nook and corner being turned over, so to speak. Things began to assume a very serious aspect, when one of the neighbours it turned out quite providentially-opened the door of a large sideboard in theio dining-room, and there in the bottom division was tile little tenant. When taken out he was insensible. The day being a very hot one, and tihe safe a very close contrivance, death .would ineovitably havd resulted ore long. Some time elhpsed before onsoiousnriss returned, and no ill re. sulets are now manifest. It is supposod:'that the child, most probably playing with others, crawled noiselessly into the safe, and the door being oh. served to be "open by some orderly person was olosed;' and 'lthlt sloop overcame the child in his position. DROWNED. — The proprietor of the Narandera Argus brought out the first number of his neatly got up journal on the 3rd instant under rather afflicting circumstances, inasmuch as he had to lament the death of his able editor, Mr. J. H. Scott. It appears that this gentleman, who it may be incidentally mentioned was a short-sighted Scotchman, shortly after undertaking the onerous duties of his position went out to bathe in the Murrumbidgee on the morning of the 21st ultimo. His defective vision it is supposed caused him to select a shallow part of the river for this purpose, and contusions on the head and cuts on the face of the deceased lead to the conclusion that with rashness not usually displayedt by persons born North of the Tweed he took a "header" into water not more than three feet deep. The sad result was that the unlucky bather struck his head violently against the bed of the river, was stunned and rendered insensible by the blow, and while in that state he was drowned. His body was afterwards found in shallow water close to the bank. Thus the ill-fated journalist who came up to edit the Nerandera Argus only provided its proprietor with opportunity of writing an obituary paragraph re specting him, and giving, details as to the inquest held to ascertain the cause of his death. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death by drownig. —Tumut and Adelong Times. Tin, aouorumol JAIt seems to be tim most.popular ostablisllment of the hind among convicts, anid tihe penal institutions of Darlinghitrst and Borrimna the tmost dreaded. All experienced jail.birds, when ;ontenced, ask to be sent to Goulburn, "in order to give thenc a chance of turning honest when their time oxpires."-Gundagai Timoes. According to the ienallia Standard, " some nitch is likely to ariseo regarding the erection of a tomb. st6no in the I\fansfield cemetery over thie graves of Sergeant Kennedy and Constables ITonegan and Scanlon, who wore murdered by the Kolly gang. A number of gentlomon, with the assistance of the government grant, have secoured about £200, with which' it was intonded to erect a nnitable tombstone over the graves of tihe unfortunate policemen. On accoount of two of the deceased being lRoman oatho. lies and the third a protestant, it was decided that the bodies should first be laid together, and in order to effect this the consent was obtained from Mrs. Kennedy. and the relatives of the other two for the necessary removal, so that the throe bodies shall be plaeod aide by side in the ground over which the tombstoneo' is to be erected. To this stop Father O'Reilly, tioe p'iest residing at Mansfield, has obljected, and he refuseos to sanction either the removal of the bodies from the Rloman catholic grionld, or the interment of the protestant body in the Roman' catholic ground. We consider the Roman catholic bishop should be appealpd to in this case for permission to sanction tie request nasked. It seems hard that these bravo follows, who lived, fought, and died together, should have their iashes eoperated under suceh circumstances by the matnnlato of on?lr pirnon. If the roquest is not corn. pliedl with, we woul nuggest that the throo bodios lhe extlsnediL and placed unlller the largeo monument alout, to beo rerected in the cros0 streets of Illansfiold by the mrrderedl police memnorial rfund committee." On MI,rnlrny last Archdeacon Pvlls-,olnaones, iwho durirrg the last threeo years l]s occupied the position of incumbelt of St. Paul's church, Dcniliquin, took his depnartura .from that town to Bcga, whither he Ihas boon removed. Onr tile p)reviours evening (Sllll. dny) tihe Archdeacorn prrached his farewell seormo at St,.Paul's chltrchl to a largo congregation, and at the coliclsion of the service stood at the door of the clhurch to say good-by to the various members of thie derogregation as they left the buililrng. Weomay add that ir. Jes one esha bleen removed at his own requelst, an'l, we hear, at soe i)eClleniary sacrifice, the state of his health requiring that he should have a chango to a cooler climate. About the arrival of hiis uccessor-the Rlev.. I. Taylor of Mloruya thore appears to hn some uncertainty, but it is not expected thrt he will be in Direiligqnin before the end of tihe Ireent month.-Pastoral Tirlos. 'The body of a eman about thirty.threoo years of ago, Ift. 10in. in height, was discovered on Sunday morn. urg in a paddock near tire town of Boga. Two mner namcd.Fryer and Gtiblott wore severely injured tle othoet day by)ybeing run over by a troluck at tle N.S.W. Shale and Oil Company's works at larntley Vale. - . STho Golden Ago nilvor mino at Booroolt, has tnrniod out 11,020 oss. of silver for the fortnight. A flro took plano at Hill End on Sunday morn. ing. I'yrmont's store and dwolling worn destroyed. The fire was causod by tho explosion of a korosono Inmp. Two men named Roger Schoffield and Henry Gable had a fight at Roma on Sunday, when Gable was knocked down violently by the other and killed. Schoffield is committed for trial for murder, but has been allowed bail. A lad named Samuel Cramer, while out shooting with a companion near Melbourne, was accidentally shot. He died on Siunday. A 111an hsl died at Port Adolaido, from a sovoro form of summinor dinrrhlio or Engilisi cholera. lWheat delivereo in Sydney at 5/711. ta bushll can bo shlipped lhonm at proesent at a profit. A torrillo accidelnt haIppntid oni Tune(sdy at Min. taro, Adelaide, through the oxplosion of lorosono, wli?reby a 'Mrs. bakcr and her inifant daughtor re ceived iinjurioi from which tliy died. lMr!'. Haralh Drckl, iouilltdkeper of Burrowa, died suIl iilty (on iMondla, it n proln.nodof hoarl't dioanso. A manlii nanpmd JTohln. Christiiin, a road.repairor, 'ha dild i uddonly .ati Adelong tllroughl excessivo iShiop.stealing is prevalent in tlhe district of Coonin. The annual mieooeting of Cooman school of arts on Thmrsdoy evening was a failureo. On Wednoeday last thrnee pigs beolonging to Mr. J. V. Carey of laun Flat died from the lloaots of the boeat altlhoghl their sty was so cnostrcOted na to nahble the anilmanls to obtain shado. - Yasn Tri bun~o. Mr. 1F. Horn, contractor, of Gonulbure, will pro bably hand the new Pans courthouose over to govern Iment on Wednescdey next, and the coerthonee is expelctcd to be opened on Thlursday.-Ynsn Tri bnnc. Jmi ocalnesi AT' DIIr'To, on 5th January, from Pearcefield ; mum dne, is/;f :-Ewov sheep, 111c B fire branll right oc(k, hind quairter culit off left onar, holo tlhroughll right or, faged; rain lanib at foot. To be sold 2ind Jalnlunry. Bronon r (h inA (llin0, C, on 2nd Jnnuary munn ldue slt after each aninel :-Chlinnit lorm;e, like N reverlnedl over M or W over Am near shoulder, blaze on ftco, docked tail, shod all round, aged, 15} hlnde-11/; chleanunt hlorse, 1\V lnoar elhouldor, oi1 Iind anld fore fool wlhito, (0oc1ked tail, hog mOano, ((1((d all round, collar-narked, aged, 154 hands- 0/G.--Also,, released by mistollo and iimpounded again ail 2nd January; inin dnto, 1.10/- each :-Black or lbrown Inoe, 1JS near shoulder, brokenll, long tail, ri yearn, 14 hands; black lilly foal unbranded. To he 0old 22n1 January. Ilrnousxno AT Noei( WTaOA WAo(1A, 011on 20th December, front IIoghlaghan's Creek; 1um0 dui at date, of notioe, 10/Il :-Bay gelding, 5 J off shoulder, 11no otlher visillo lbrand, grlay Ilhairsl down faeo, pulled tail, agedl, 15 hands. To b( sold on the 20th Jtrllunrl'. Tiie (O:AT Acc-tairtso Connral.-- Tho fifth division of time globe, 1( t1his island i somllotimol called, onlbrace all the clinmalten of the earlth, oxoopt thallt of tlhel frigid onio; and, therefore, a preparation which will fortify the system ngainst all hoangues of ha atmospheric conditions, and protect it against all theoffects of malaria and the disturbances caused by the varieties of water, will necessarily be of in. estimable valuo in Australia. The famous European cordial, "Dow of the Alps," possesses those pro. teotive and preventive properties, and is besides a completo specific for indigestion, nervous debility, lack of vital energy, hypochondria, and all comn plaints of the digestiove organs and the nerves, Although but recently introduced hero (through the agency of Messrs. M. Moss and Co., the representa. fives of the Swiss proprietors) it is greatly esteemed as an invaluable restorative and most delicious iquour.-Anvr. , e- C1 Fnrtn Gwsr.-Tho' proprietors of Wolfe's Aromatic Sebiodam Schnapps, to induce the destruc. tion and prevent the impiroper use of their wrappers and labels, and thus further protect the public against fraud and deception, have inclosed in the wrappers, or' under' tholabol on the quart bottles, since 1st October 1878, and' continue to inclose in evory day's packing throughout the year, Tmres £1 OnnEns, which are drawn upon the undersigned, and which willbecashedby them on presountation. Toso. oure these gifts the public must be careful to asic for, and accept nothing but the genuine,Udolpho Wolfe's Schnapps, with our name upon the top labol.-M. fMoss and COo.Wynyard Lane, Sydney.--Avvr. Our Tars Our.--IT MAY BAva Youn Lrrn.-How it is dono.--Thro is no person living but what suf. fors moreor loss from lung disease, coughs, colds, or consumption, yet some woculd die rather than pay for a bottle of medicine that would cure them. uoscheo's Gorman Syrup lies lately booeen ihtroduced to this country from Gormanuy, and its wondrous cures astonish every one that tries it. I you doubt what we sey:in print cut this out and take it to your chemist and got a sample bottle for 6d, and try it, or a regular'sizo for 8/0. What more proof can you have of its merits ? Sold by all chemists and dealers in medicine. Wholosale by Elliott Brothors, Sydney. -"AnvrF" 2178 