ITElks OF NEWS. i The Tanjorie, with tlie ErigftfeK ' mails, ;HrHyW at Gleneig yesterday morning. She hould ar rive in Hobson's Bay on Wednesday' morning. -:Mr Patterson and Mr Pearson will- address .the electors at Tarilta and Vaughaii this even- !ing. , '( i '(:'(:"?(. Mr Langton will address the ejectors to-day (at Crow's (hotel, . Church's j Flat ; Belle Vue i Hotel, Fryers; (arid it .'the (Cumberland Hotel,- iFryersJj Mr Blarney will address the electors, in the af- i ternoon to-day at Sandy Greet, (arid ita the bvqn- !iug at Newstead. j Messrs Patterson and, Pearson had a meetin" :at Fryerstown Jast night, wheri they had a'goo'd reception, The committee in Fryerstown for the : old niembe"rs'i8 a(strqng one, numbering over 50 gentlemen", arid 'the Ministerial' carididrit'Os expect a heavy: support In tliatdistrict. The rumour wnioh! we referred to a fewdaysago as affecting the Mayor and Or Greenhill formed a matter, for enquiry at a special meeting of the Borough Council yesterday afternoon. It will be found'dealt vritti at lengtlYinmiothBreolumn,- and to be but . another story of "tlie "three brack/ crows. ,,, v . v-'- --- ' A melancholy case, came (to light- in the Police Court Yesterday,. . H- was that of.. 'a /young woman, 'daughter of an indriktHqqs and resjieot- able father, whq:vvill not suhmif '.'to oonlrol, arid was taken in ohririge Tor drurikeniiess ; last Satur day nigbt. She (had become coiiverted by the preaching of. Mr) Rash, arid ' upon - avowing she would h'ericeforth( lead a riew life she waB sent to a reforriiatqiy' fr females iri'. Melbourne,., but having left this she returned to Castleiiiahie, and hnsjagaln fallaii into her old course's. 'Mr Dee'oh; haddressed (to jiis a'eoiriniuiiica- tion in refererice.to the (lett.er.. sigu'ed "(f Justice " in our (-isue of. Monday;_ .Mr_Leeoh.Jnfp.rms us that neither the writer .of the.lettqr in question nor the author of the iriter'rqgSLtoiy addressed to Mr Patte'raori- (acted .'(in his' interest, :oi; Hvitli'liis knowledge or approTal.- Mr Leech adds thiit jie has no grievance -eithei'tpreseiilror prospec'tive against the Ministry or!' Me.?®r® PaUerson /arid Pearson. Both these" gentlenien are 'his "per sonal frierids;; and his sincere regard for thqm is- entirely irrespective of, any advaritagej- jvliioh he might or might not derive froiii tlieii' friendship. Mr Leech desires to add that he has wrjlten to us.-; vyithout having .had (.any. communication, direct or indirect/with any third person.: :. It is not often, the . diggers are careful of their "gold licenses," but yesterday we were sh'oivn ori'e'in "as good'a state of preservation ;ns when it; left the Commissioner's ;liands; in 1851. It is numbered 209, and was issued to Henry Lilly- crap. -It sets forth that Commissioner Fletcher,! at Castlemaine, in December, 1851," issued the. license for Lillycrap to search for gold in the; Upper Loddon District. It may be noted that! only 208(iibenses.had been appliod for before Mr' Lillycrap appeared ivith his party to search for the precious metal. The gentleman to whom the do'c'uin'erit. above referred to avas issued is; still a respected resident in Castlemaine, and lie has had the license elaborately mounted and framed, and it will for iriany. years, in all probability -bear, evidence as to one of the pioneers of the district.' , , . .. Talk of election expenses! Candidates com plain here of- spending (three or four hundred. Here iB'an 'item : from an ' English exchange "MrW. H:' Smith is saidtobe tired of- West minster. Each election cost him: L20, 000, and j his annunl expenses over :tlie constituency are! L3000.; -. He -is, .about.1 to seek a - new, seat in! Norfolk or Suffolk." In 1807. the -inost oxpen- i Bive con test took place' for! the < representation of ' Yorkshire that ever distinguished the annals of ! electioneering.':' -.-The .candidates; were Lord Vis- j count Milton, son of Lord' Fitzwilliam, sup-! ported by; the' Whig (party the. Hon. Henry! Lasoelles, son of Lord , Harewood, proposed by, the Tories ; and William Wilberforoe, Esq. , on ; the Dissenting and : Independent interest.. The! election was carried on with -.doubtful, success between the - two; party, candidates for fifteen days, but Mr ;Wilborforoe was:at the head of the poll for the ;whole time.- It terminated in favour of Mr Wilberforce and Lord Milton. This con test is said to have cost the three parties nearly half a million of money. The expenses of Mr Wilberforce' were defrayed by public Bubscrip- ( tion ; and such public zeal was manifested in his favourj that more than double tho sum necessary was raised in a few days, !and . one moiety was afterwards returned to the subscribers. The Beiidigo Advertiser reports that some sensation, w, as caused in (the city 011 Saturday evening' by 'the report,' whioh unfortunately proved to be true, that Mr, Matthew Moran, lessee ' of the Corporation "baths, had' been drowned.; Mr Moran.who was an old resident; of 'the ' city, 'was' very well-known, and, as hei was known to be an "expert swimmer the report; was at first scarcely credited. ' It appears thatj about seven o'clock on Saturday evening, Mr' Moran, whilst instructing some boys who wero learning to swim, lost his balancoand fell into the baths at: the shallow depth, and boiug wet, said he would go in for a swim himself. S0011 afterwards he jumped from the springboard at the deep end of tbo baths, and after swimming about for a few minutes he procooded to the 5-feet landing and caught hold of the side of the baths, but immediately afterwards turned over and sank beneath tho surface of the water, though he still retained his hold on the side of the baths. Mr Moran's assistant at the baths was .present at the time, togetiier with several other persons, and the unfortunate man was al most immediately lifted out of tho water, and laid upon his back. He then appeared to be dead, and Dr Jambs Boyd was sept for. The doctor attended promptly, and endoavoured to bring about resuscitation, but the process was unsuccessful. Had the proper steps been taken when the deceased was rescued from the water the .result might possibly have been different. Mr Moran had suffered for a considerable time past from an asthmatic affection, and it is sup posed that the shock caused to his system by ;( .. . his jumping from the spring- boaird induced ah attack of tho disease which caused ti loss ot power. ' The patsengers who arrived at the port of Mel bourne by sea during the past week numbered 1317- Of those, 765 came from the neighbour- colonies, and 552 from the United Kingdom. On Saturday the remains of a aoloctor named Carroll, were found on his land at Drouin. He is supposed to have been burnt to death during tlie late bush-fires. Mr Edward Freshney, timber merchant was seized by an alligator whilst bathing iri tho Dain- 1 tree River, Queensland on Saturday. A Poly- | nosian wont to his rescue, but narrowly escaped being killed. Mr Freshney was severely woun ded, but is now recovering. William Holcroft, landlord of the Commercial Hotel,- at Eight-mile Plains, New South Wale3, I in consequence of persons having stolen his fowls took a loaded gun about 3 o'clock in the morniug oil Sunday, having heard a noise in the houBe. It was very dark, and he accidentally shot himself in tho head. He died soon afterwards. The Echuca arid Moaina Advertiser writes " The stook traffic across the border into Vic toria has boon extremely dull lately, and at pre sent riot a singlo head of stock is being convoyed by the Deniliquin and Moama Railway. This is in a measure to bo accountod for by the great scarcity of .water along the routo taken by stock, and also to tho .' beneficial ' operation of the stock tax." A iriaii named John Elli3 was caught in the Act' bf breaking into the house of Mr G . Bull, of Herne-hill, Geelongon Saturday morning. After a severe fight, Mr Bull Becurod Ellis, and took liim to tlie loek-up. Prisoner was afterwards broiight before the police court, and sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment , with hard labour. Oh Saturday afternoou an engine on the beach between Gleneig and Brighton ran off the line, 'on -.which 3 inches of sand had drifted, and turned completely over. A mrin riding on it named August Mueller Oberhen, a ganger, who came a year ago from Victoria, was crushed and killed. Another named William Heally was severely bruised on tlie head. Neither had any business on the engine. The Overis arid Mdrthy Advertiser writes : — With Reference to a paragraph in a recent issue about the appearance of the Queensland native trackers in Beechworth, we have sinco, ascer tained that they were employed' to ekamirie some traces of a supposed camp of the outlaws about 30 miles eastward. Tho police," however, dis covered the originators of the .camp,, and the trackers returned to theiir quarters .at Btiialla tlie following day. A irian riri'm'ed Richard Williams was convic ted at the Sandhurst Court of Assize on Saturday of stealing a quantity of rope from ..the Garden Grilly United No. 3 shaft, where (it . wiib'_ being used by the contractors for the new machinery. His Honour Sir Redmond Barry passed a sen tence that will 110 doubt aqt_as a deterrent to others, namely, of two years' imprTslinment, with hard labour. . (, r > I A telegram froiri Sydney on Sunday -says Thtee priso'neirs escaped from ' Casino j lock-up last night, taking three police horses, (saddles, arid revolvers. The prisoners, it appears re moved two slabs about midnight on Saturday, nassed bv the bedside of a warder, unlocked the door, and escaped with the greatest ease. They had previously opened the constable's box and stole his watch, besides tearing open the warder's writing-desk to search for money. They then caught and saddled three police houses. About half-past 5 ori Sunday evening a man named William Saunders was drowned ''le Goulburn nt the public bathing place at Shep- parton. It appears that he "was the "worse of liquor, for he, ill spite of reriionslrance from others bathing at the time, plunged : in with his clothes on. ( He went nearly aciqss (the riven, cariie back all right, and sat .:down on ,tho bank for a few minutes, the" went in :'agai'n('' About three parts of the way across he - was seen to sink, never to rise.: Instantly several first-class swimmers went- to 'his rescue, but with fruitless result. :-' A brutal assault 011 an Italian charcoal burner named Mazzolletti, by throe Melbourne llarri-. kiiiB, occurred at Echuca East on Saturday night about eleven o'clock. Tho larrikins struck, the Italian upon his vefusing to give them money. One seized him by the throat. Mazzolletti then. pre tended to put his hand in his pocket for nioney, but in! reality drew'a knife for the .purpose' of protecting himself. Oiieof the meri then struck him over the temples with a brick tied up in a hand kerchief. Mazzolletti had to be taken to Dr Crossen, having sustained severe injury. Twoof the men (John Miller and James Dwyer) were arrested "an Echuca ; the third was captured at Moama on Sunday. The recent call of the steamship Orient ai Naples on her homeward trip via the Suez Canal seeiris'tb have created no little' stir in that "city, and even to have awakened amongst its usually unenterprising inhabitants a desire to revive the glories of medimval Italian maritime' adventure. ; One Neapolitan journal, indeed, darori, Ito ( make the arrival of the magnificent vesSel the occasion for expressing its regret that Italiana Are iilt' so ready to talk politics or fine arts rather thkn to follow the examples of Columbus arid Marco Polo. From a more practical (point of yi'e'w the same journal urges itB countrymen to avail them selves of .'their opportunities of setting up good commercial relations willi the energetic people of Australia, " which -promiso's to become, a very great' arid thriving State." It conolud'es by re commending emigration to Australia, ( " where the prospect of acquiring property is every day becoming greater. . Referring to the reduction of the overland fare froth. Sydney to Melbourne (first-class) from L7 10s to L5, the Sydney Echo remarks : — " This is n business - like step, it tends to encourage overland travelling, which j hitherto lias been so expensive and carelessly ! managed that the people rather than undertake i it preferred braving sea sickness and making the I cheaper if somewhat slower journey by sea. Tlie ! overland trip, whioh will occupy about 42 hours, j may be accompoined thus : — The passenger leaves ; Sydney at 7.30 p.m. by the mail train, and ar rives at Wagga at 9.25 a.m. next day ; at 10.30 a.m. the mail coach leaves Wagga, and reaches Albury at midnight : and after six hours at Al- bury for sleep, the passenger leaves Wodohgaat 6 o'clock in the morning, and arrives at Mel bourne a few minutes before 2 p.m. The issue of these convenient tickets will be commenced on the 25th inst., aud, to prevent ovorcrowding the mail coaches, passengers must book through with Messrs Cobb and Co. It will be romembored (says the Argus Alex-; audra correspondent) that the notorious bush-' ranger Captain Moonlight gave as a reason for! attacking Wantabadgery station tlie inhospitable 1 treatment he had received at the lianda of its in-' mates. Whether there was any. truth in the' statement or not is ' a matter opinion ; but it may not now be out of place to describe tho man ner in whioh Moonlight and his gang were treated, while travelling through this district on their way to New South Wales. One evening about sunset they reached Riversdalo, a station belong ing to Mr Mayger, who, however, was absent at the time. Two of the gang went to the house; and offered to oxchnngo some clothing and linen for bread and beef. This, however, was declined' by Mrs Mayger, who said she would take no thing in exchange for food, and thereupon gave them some bread, beef, tea and sugar, with which they departed, after making a further offer of giving her the clothes as a present, which also was declined. That night tho mon stayed iu a small hut near the station and the next day proceodod across the Puz zle , Ranges in the direction of Mansfield. Whilst camped in the ranges they were inter viewed by Senior-constable Comyns and another trooper, wholuidjollowed for several days to ascer- tain ritio thb parly were. ; Thfe constables cattio unoii tllbm UnriwArbs, Bcdtt (behig stripped to the , waist washing birilielf, hnd Warnecke getting Ins hair cutby Rognn, who whS the only 0110 of the , party that gave tho nnme lie Is how known by. A Biliglo-barrelled gun lay on the ground, and after satisfying themselves that it was empty and comparatively nseloss, the constables rodo back | to Alexandra, little dreaming of tho torriblo Ira- j gedy bo soon to bo enacted by the very men tlioy j had thought were harmless ewngsmen, or shoarers waiting to get on at AVilson s station, as they represented themselves to be. 