INTERCOLONIAL TELEGRAMS. Adelaide, January 7. The Eevenue for the hist quarter was £386,800, being £16,000 less than for the corresponding quarter of last year. A Mrs. Matthews died this morning from burning. Her clothes caught alight while she was travelling. An explosion at Victor Harbor breakwater works yesterday dislodged fifty thousand tons of stone. Syvnet. The Revenue returns for the past quarter show a deficiency of £29,000 on the past quarter. Melbourne. A terrible tragedy took place at Albert Park yesterday. An engineer named Wade had been courting a servant girl named Driver. A quarrel arose between them, and Wade shot her, wounding her in the arms, and then blew bis own brains out. Adelaide, January 8. Three cases of people burnt to death, through their clothes catching fire, were reported to-day. Sir Henry Ayers has presented the Insti tute Museum with a valuable mineral collection. The P. & O. Company are unable to alter their time-table to suit South Australia. Meleoceke. The new Australian team has beaten the Sandhurst cricketers. Adelaide, January 9. The Southern Cress, with a cargo of flour for Newcastle, has been totally wrecked near Cape Northumberland ; all hands saved. The Executive refuge to alter the sentence of death passed en Scott (Capt. ' Moonlite ' ) and Rogan. Adelaide, January 10. The steamer John Elder initiates the Orient fortnightly service nest April. It is doubtful whether the steamer Indus calls at King George's Sound this trip. Adelaide, January 12. The medical men cf Adelaide are seeking legislation to protect themselves and the public against quacks. Melbourne. The Hon. W. J. Clarke has ghen £500 to the Irish Distress Fund. The barque Scottish Knight h&s; b9en wrecked off Bustard Head, Queensland. Adelaide, January 13. The new Coffee Palace was opened to-day. The Orient Steamship Company have arranged to run alternately with the P. & O. steamers. Large bush-fires have occurred in all the colonies. The Irish Belief Fund has been taken up warmly here and in Melbourne and Sydney. 