ITEMS . OP NEWS. The latest telegram informs us that the loss in the Transvaal was greatly exaggerated. ' The official return states that the loss to the 94th Regiment does not exceed 30 inen ; also that the trial' of the leaders of the Irish Land League commenced in Dublin on December 28tli. The Commissioner of Railways invites tenders for the construction of a passenger station at Trentham, full particulars regarding-which: can be seen at the railway station, Castlemaine. _ Those gentlemen who have riot vet speoulated in Mr Scliroeder's sweep, but think of doing so, will require to be quick in action, as the list closes to-morrow. ; , .. A deatll- ooonrjod-«t— tlio-Hoapital yoatorday from exhaustion of a patient named Robert Yile, of Campbells Creek, who has been under treatment since the 16th inst. for hepatitis;'. 1 1 The right of occupying two . publican's booths at the Carnival was sold by Mr Thorburn yes terday, but most publicans kept aloof. The first booth only brought £12, and the seoorid£8, so there will be a balance of about £17 to ac count for to the, Carnival Committee by the first purchaser, at whose risk the. sale was effected. ' We notice from an advertisement in our columns that therlname of the. hon. Sir James M'Cullbch', K.C.M.G., has been added to the list of directors of the Mutual Assurance Society of Victoria, limited. The appointment has been! made to fill the vacancy caused by the retire ment of F. It. Keiidall, Esq. At the matriculation examinations concluded yesterday iri Melboure, four of tlie'pupils of Mr Walters, Castlemaine Grammar School, presented themselves,! and a reference to the list of suc cessful ..candidates; shows, thatt the whole four, viz., Messrs Smyth, Mackayj Nioholls arid Cranstoun have passed the Civil Service exami nation; The following are the Handicaps for the bi cycle race to take place on New Year's Day in connection with the carnival.; distance three: miles S. Jleeking, scratch; B. Jones, scratch; Tlios. Williams,' scratch ; 1 J. Dobson, s'cratch ; Chas. Webb, : scratch ; W; Govett, 250 yards ; W. J. Horwood, 500 yards ; W. Williams, 500 yards ; ;Thos. Freebody, 700 yards. The kangaroo at the Botanical Gardens has become quite a pet of the gardener, and follows him about the grounds, but being young it will, unless closely guarded, be liable to fall a prey to dogs, which find their way into the gardens, not withstanding they are prohibited and the owners subject to a penalty for tho trespass. If the kangaroo gets killed, the master of the offending dog will have a nice little biil to settle fdrj damages. The promoters , of the School of Design are exercised over the prospect of losing the services of Mr Summers; as the fifty pupils in the school are dependent for advancement upon the instruc tions he and Mr Pope gave to them in drawing. Mr Summers having received notice that bis services as teacher of drawing to State schools are dispensed with, this will necessitate his re moval from the district ; but as he is said to be possessed of higher qualifications as a drawing- master than many others holding a kindred posi-' tion, the surprise is expressed that he should be! removed and the less efficient retained.-; ... ! The first match between the .Eaglehawk and Walmer cricket clubs was played at Walmer ori Christmas day, and resulted in a victory for the local men. The Eaglehawk players went first to the wickets, and were not disposed of till they had scored Ol, which , was considered rather too many for the Walmer team, who only managed to score 32 in their first innings; one of the team being absent. .After a short interval the Eagle-! hawk inert commenced their second iniiings,- but were speedily got rid of for the ridiculously small score of 11 , making a. grand total of 72 runs.1 The Walmer eleven then wielded the willow, .arid did some good execution, as they beat their opponents with six wickets to spare. A lunch was provided for the visitors, and a very agree-1 able day spent. , A cricket match was played on Ohristmas-day; between the Fryerstown and Guildford clubs, oii the Guildford Recreation Reserve, resulting in a yictory for the local team. Fryerstown went first to the wickets, and were disposed of for 55' runs, of whioh Davis made 15, O'Brien 11, arid Woodyat8. Guildford followed with a total of 51, Marsh contributing 14, Philpot 12, M'El- liinney 9. Iri the", second innings the visiting team scored 35, of which Tregear made 15 Guildford in their second innings succeeded in putting together 41 for the loss of seven wickets, thereby defeating their opponents by 3 wickets and 2 runs. The bowling of Cumming for Guild- ford proved very destructive, taking in the first 'innings seven wickets for 17 runs, arid in the second, seven for 13 ruus. '/The long-stopping of Carlin wm' very much admired. BeingS holiday, a great number of the fair sex watched the game, in . addition, to the more regular at tendee. 1 The Kyneton District Weights and Measures Union met on Thursday last at the Kynetonshire offices to consider certain charges -against Mr E. T. Gregory, Inspector, of Weights and Measures'. There were present : Crs W. Thomson (in the chair), A. Watson, and T. A. Ewing (represent ing Kynetonshire), Or Darlington (Malmsbury Borough), arid Or Symes of Metcalfeshire. The memorial complained of Mr Gregory's " arbitrary and uncqurteoua conduct that he claimed the right to enter private dwellings for the purpose of searching for weights and measures ; that lie had no fixed foes for comparing and adjusting weights arid measures, and that in a variety ol instances his charges were excessive. The me morial, which had been addressed to the Met-' calfeshire Council, requested the Council to withdraw from the Union and appoint their own Inspector. There was no appearance of the peti- lioners, and although Cr Symes' name was to the memorial he was unprepared with any evi dence to substantiate any of the statements made in it. The Union then proceeded to examine' the charges, and found that Mr Gregory had been civil and courteous ; and that he had not exceeded his functions in entering dwellings. The Union proceeded to oortBider the allegation of overcharging Mr Hampson, and the In spector having produced the butts of his receipt books for three years the Union oompared them with the scale of foes and found no instance of overcharge. As to Metoalfeshire withdrawing from the Union, the 32nd seotion provides that where half of the Union" desires to go out the Union could then be dissolved. Or Darlington moved that as the memorialists had not put in an appearance, nnd as there had been no attempt to substantiate the oharges, which, so fur as the Union saw, were groundless, the memorial be dismissed. Or Symes stated that although his name was to the memorial he had only added ; it after it had been very numerously signed. He had no knowledge of the facts alleged in it, and had no complaint to make himself. He Bhould -like the matter postponed to give those in sup port of the memorial an opportunity of appear- ing to substantiate their allegations. The" In spector stated that to grant an adjournment be cause there had been no appearance of his accusers. would be unfair. He had come pre-, parod to show that there was not one, word of truth in tlieir allegations, and he was about to toko legal opinion in order to see whether they could not be made answerable for them in a court of justice. If an adjournment were granted he tlibught the least that bould be done would bo to pay the expense of bringing his witnesses (whom ho had there now) on a subse quent occasion. The Chairman stated that the Union had no intention of paying Mr Gregory's witnesses, but he certainly thought that it was the duty of the memorialists, hairing made very serious oharges against Mr Gregory, to have oomethere and endeavoured to substantiate them by evidence. The motion having been put and carried, the Union adjourned. The Malmsbury Conference Company had 142 ounces for the last fortnight's washing. \- A mau named Mark Cleave was accidentally killed at Shepparton, on Sunday, by his horse rolling on him. The Beruiagui diggings, New South Wales, promise well on a small scale. One claim yielded 211b in two days. " A stockman named Alfred Deiney was drowned in the river. Merriwa, New South , Wales, on Tuesday, when crossing with d mob of cattle. A man named Fitzgerald has been fined 10s for altering a railway ticket by the Sydney magis trates. A telegram from Bourke reports a great want of rain. At some stations they, are killing calvea and even, bullocks, and intend | stocking with A child named Kavanagh who was with an ex cursion; party at1 Tareej New South -Wales, on Monday, .has; been; lost in the bush and up to Wednesday no traces were found. All the colonies except New Zealand and West Australia have officially notified their intention of being present at the ensuing conference at Sydney/';'" v; . . TheBallarat Courier writes : — H. Oxenliam, champion long distance runner of New South .Wales, completed the task of running .10 miles in an hour at the Eastern Oval ori Tuesday after noon. ! ' i r '/ . " .; An illusion, under the title of Ariel,, or. 'Fly ing Boy, the invention of. a gentleman of , Adelaide, is being exhibited there. The figure' gradually rises from a platform, and remains suspended in the air without, riny apparent, support. '- An old settler named Dunlop, was found dead on a doorstep a few miles from' Yass; ori Tues day, .His, adopted daughter said that before death he had . accused liis' wife of poisoning bim by strychnine; His wife has been 'arrested, and the stomqch has been sent to, Sydney for analysis. Poison waS found in the house. ' The value of imports at the port of Melbourne during the week eridiri'g.the 25th inst. amounted to L140,885,; Of gold the amount wasLlO, 416 ; wool, Lll,667 ; and tea, L9384. ,The exports from the port during the Samri period arriounted to L520,382. They irtoluded--Flour; L5562 ; gold, L58,208 ; wheat, L10,278 ; lead, L8294 ; specie, L59,465 ; tea, L5259 ; tobacco, L9439 ; and wool, L307.961. . The dividends, declared for ..the .week ending December 27 are as follow : — Hobart Pasha, Is, L500 ; North Shenandoah, 6d,.L600 ; Malms bury Confluence, 3d, L312 10s ; Rising Star, Is, L720 ; Dyke's Freehold, Is, L900 ; Queen, Black- hill, Is, L450 ; Williams' Freehold, L610s L260 ; Egerton, 2s Gd, L3125 '; Queen's Birthday, 17s 6d, L5250 ;- Ellenborough, Is 6d, L1800 ; Neiv Chum and Viotoria, 6d, LG25. A most disastrous bush-fire ooourred on Sunday at Bung Bong, near Avoca. The flames: originated in the Lamploiigh forest; - through a boy'burning a log of wood to secure a rabbit, and spread over several, miles of country. Great! dairiage has been done to several large farms. Mr Christopher Abbott lias lost all his grass and fencing, Mr Milne a standing crop and a quantity of grass, Mr Jones a homestead and two large; stack's of hay, whilst Mr Miller lost all this sea-j son's produce. For miles the country is one mass! of blackened embers. - : - ; A destructive fire occurred on Tuesday, north; of Wedderburn, by which a state School was to-! tally destroyed; - It appears the fire started in ' a' grass paddock, -and1 spread until it reached the: school, whioh is Bituated between! Wo'osang and .Wyohetella, and -totally destroyed : it; -together, with all the head teacher's furniture and other effects. The school was only recently ereoted.: Several grass paddocks were also destroyed, and! the farms of G. Moreoroft and others seriously endangered, but were saved by the efforts of the people residing in the neighbourhood. ? . vk ;,r; I The Bendigo Independent's mining statistics for the half-year, show the gold yield for the Bendigo district for! the six months iust expired was 88,753 oz, or a total of 168,558 oz for the full year. Dividends to the extent of LI 27,217, were declared, showing an increase ! of ili43, 000; making a total of L221,900 for ;tfie year. : Calls made gave L44.000 or L70,000 for the yerir. The principal contributing mines are the United Hustler's and Redan Gully United, Ellesnierej New Chum Consolidated and, Ellenborough. The returns aro alcogother the best published for three years past. ! On Sunday night a swagmari, named Robert Swansoy, was burned to death at the bridge neat Morang. Between eleven and twelve o'clock at night flames were observed, to burst from thi stables, and the storeroom,' stables and cart-sheds were totally destroyed. The hotel, owned by Mr: James Hall, which 'was' a wooden building;' was Saved only by the strenuous'exer'tiorisbf tlffi residents. On the flames being subdued, the body of Swansey was diacuvered amongst the del bris, and presented a frightful spectacle. How the fire originated is. riot at present known, but it is presumed that deceased, who slept in thi stable, must have been oareless in the use of hit pipe or with his candle. Another of the light horse whose grand chargri at the battle of Inkerman Tennyson has im'- mortaliaed in his " Charge of the Six Huridred,j' has breathed his last. We (P. 0. News) refer to James Lynch, who expired at the Stawell Hospital at the ripe old age of eighty-eighi. Lynoh, was a member of the Inniskilleri Dragoons, who was sent by : a fatal mistake tt charge the Russian guns on the heights at In'- kerman. The old soldier was well known anO greatly respected, especially by the old identities of Stawell, to whom he would " yarn" by thri hour about the Crimean war. We should imsginb that Lynch is one of the laBt surviving members of the company who were so terribly decimated in their glorious oharges. i A curious, discovery of, skeletons in the Cla rence River district, New South Wales, on Satur day, 4th December, is recorded in the Clarencb Examiner: — " As Messrs. Sheean and Noonari were removing earth from . their contract on thb Alumny Creek-road, opposite Mrs. Herbert Eggins's farm, they uuoarthed several human skeletons. Tho probability js they are those of aboriginals, as the teeth were very perfect, and two of the skulls, although much decayed, resernbled their type of head. A third was so far decayed that Us form could only be traood. It is pretty certain they must have been lodged there over thirty years ago, as habitations have existed in close proximity for that period, and it is juBt possible they were placed there before the advent of tho white man, as in early days they nover buriedtheir dead close to tho dreaded whites. Tho strangest fact conneoted with tho circumstance is that they were found about eghteen inches only below tho surface of tho road, and tho bodies must have been interred at full length, a mode of burial quite difforent from that as practised by the blacks here. They were found in a bed of pure drift sand, suoh as is de posited by floods where the current runs strongly, and it is very likely the further formation of tho road will disclose other skeletons. The spot, will be known to old residents as within one hun dred yards or so of Sharp's old dairy station." 