CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. The following selections were taken up on Thursday last:- AT GOULBURN : Thomas Marmont, 70 acres, Bo- long. I A'r GOUINO: WmI Kcith, I5i nevsR, CIookwe.ll; Mi,: Norchal TIully, i1"0 acrcll, JDiala andl ILtunplton .JOsOjeph IlJIllam, .10 cries, (3rIIWaIIV. Ai Yu : HS8toplhn Colver, 10 nCros, Munton; JIuiny DIavis, 10 rlis, Ceuosy; Audrew Dnvis, 0i0 nore, Jier; WVn. Muitittlnd, It) cIosS, Jier. .Cnu nci or EsvulAoi, Norrit tGo'ueuns.-The 11ue. (. AN. M'Aroy Ireino has IbCC a tointed to the inoutnheey of North (Aoulbnrii, vico thu IRv. W. Muy. iho friends of thu hltter gentleran will bo hti ko joui r (lit ho Itna bhoon upointd to a viicarago Te V Wscrana ~T Gououon during the past week has boon cool and pleasant. oain is much wanted, and all yesterday the sky was covered with leandon clouds and to all appearance a refreshling shower will not be long in makilng its appearance. Our Dungendoro correspondent writes :-The woatholer has been very changeable for the last weak. Itain is wanted badly, as the grass is quite withered up. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT.—From the sreuarks In our Gunning correspondence it will hobe seen that Mr. John Sands of Baltinglass has died rather sud- denly. Before going to the Gunning district Mr. Sands was for years a resident of the neighborhood of Gounlburn, residing at Cambrian Vale, a few miles from town. He was a highly respectable, intelligent, and worthy colonist, and was deservedly liked by all who knew him, and his leaving for Gunning was a subject of great regret to his friends. Mr. Sands purchased Bouroong, near Gunning, the property of the late Mrs. Woodhouse, and subsequently added Baltinglass to his purchaae, the whole forming a very nico estate. In addition we bolievoe he.had a squattago in the interior. He was a widowerlhia wife having died not very long since. 'e' loeavs throoe sOlns, one of whom is our well.known aue. tioneer, and the others weoro engaged in the manage. meont of their father's properties. He was in Isis elghtieth year, but did not appear to be near so old, beoing halo and hearty when we last saw him a low months ago. The body was brought by train to Goul. barn yeosterday, nd followed by a large number of frieuds, including several from Gunning, was cn veyed to the Church of England ceometory and thereo Interroed. Fncr.-Abont half.past twelve o'clook on Thlurs: day the inhabitants of this city were disturbed by the ringing of the timr-bell in Auborn.stroot. In. quiries were at once made, whens it was found that a hIonso at Iliuld, tihe property of Mr. Patrick Gooley and occupiod by Mr. H. Brown, a tailor,,was on firs. Mr. V. Davies MI.P., superintendent of the fire. brigade, at once issued orders to have an engine dis patched to the fire with all hasto; and with as little delay as possible the Southern Qoueen was put in ordr and driven in tihe direction of Ifleld. On roeaching the spot our reporter found Mr. E. Gillospio on the roof taking a bucket of water from Mr. J. O'Brien. The furniture had all been taken out of the house and placed in the yard. Smoke was issuing from the chimney and from under the shingles in two places, but no fire could be seeon. -It appears that Drown, who is a tailor, had boon .at work in one of the rooms, and feeling cold had lighted a firo in the fireplace. Suddenly a lot of soot fell down the chimney anid set thle chimney on fire. Above the rooms on the ground-floor there has at one time beeoon attics, but those amre now closed uip. loWhen the chimney was on fire, it would appear that the smoke got inlto those attics, and coming from under thie hingles led BIrown and ollthers to believe that the house was on fire. Two or throo bucketsof water having boeen ponred down the clhimnuoy, the fire was put out and all danger overcome. Tihe pro perty sustained nio damage by fire, not even a shingle being burnt. Several shinigles were however lifted in order to look into the attics to see if they woro on fire. The members of the brigade and tihe fireo.engine wore stopped about two hundrod yards from the house, and being told that their services were not required returned to town. It may be mien tioned that lhad the ongino boon required it would have boon of little use, as there were only a few gallons of water oi the preumises. Mi[nsoOi HAre Forn GouILnunS.-TIC prospectus of a company oetitled the Goulburn Masonic Hall Company has just been issued. The cosmpany is indor the auspices of lodge 17(;2 E.C., and its object is to raise fnlis saflicient to erect a masonic hall. It is proposed to raise funds by £5 shares, on whichl it is estimated that a liberal return will be obtain. able. A photograph attachled to the prospectus shows the front elevation of a one-storiod building. which inclnding thie purclhase of land will cost ahoot £800. The erection of such a hall would be a groeat acquisitiou to the craft in this city, and it is lhoped that a suflioiout number of shares will bh taken up in order to allow the provisional coimmittee to coni. mouce weork at once. iVERaEyTAN MrUTUA IcMIeOVE.IES:N SocrY.cr-Tlhe usual weeokly meeting of this society was held on 'Weodnesday eveninig. There was a good attcidance of members. Two gentlemen wore tnoinaieted for membershlip. The buisiness set dwin fIr the even ing was thie readig of the fifth number of the first volmno of tile Mutual lecord, ithe society's journal. The editor, thie Rlov. Mr. Taylor, road the prosduo tions. Tile first was an article on the succcess of tihe journal during the past six monthsii. The nioext ipro duction was Current oEvents:; by Nenias, dwelling principally olc the evil ullblic.lhouises are doing to thie .young people ic Sydney and else?wrlcre. 'Passing Thorlughts by )na Spiro Spcro was the next paper road, rotlecting iupon tie feelings that arise at thie close of one aind tile beginning of anothler year. An article oic Fame by Phrecno was next read biy tihe editor, in which lthe desire for fame Iy various classes of men was dwelt upon in a pleasi:ng man ner. Thu Dead Year by Rusticus followed. Thie last contributioon was a paper on the Inlluence of Fire ci thei earth, and signed BIrown. Criticisms of an in strucetivo character followed thie readin:g of eachl article. Tihe business for next wehk will bo r.adings and recitations. T Ta. ObusvnnS Ocnncuc Soccy.:T-.--On MIondae evoieilng neat the anual mcceticg of tihe Churchl Sooieoty will be held in thie mieclhanics' lhall. 0C Sunnday the Righlt rov. the Ulishop of Nortlhern Queenslaud will proach mIorning and evening in tihe ipro.cathedral. "IsNFirr? StcUoo on Ot ouroi?ns.-As will be soon: fromi an advertisemEut in anotlher colcumn, tanders hlave Ieen called for thle erection and completion of an infants' school ic cocnnexion withl thie publico school, Goulbnrc. The clnt of such an addition has bIeen much felt for sosme timne, amid it is desirable that as sooni as ti tendCIer is accepted thie work be hunried on as specdily as possible. Tun Oouinune t.is Co.c-cT..-Tho half.yearly mneetilg of shareholders was held at tihe com pony's ofiloo last evecnilng, when the report and alance.shlceet were rohad ansd adoptedc, and Messrs. WVm. Davies and h. Mc Conucell wers elected directors in the place of Messrs. W. Davies all W. T. Wood, chlo retiro in acconlance withl the reciuiremeuts of the act. Messrs. Charles Rlogers and J. Simons wero elected auditors. The report showed that tie amoulnt reccived for gas uised during Novemhber and Decouember had bccu almost double tihe calculation of the directors. The replort was ic every way satis fnatory, and showts!d that the comspany was in a flourishing condition. DIlIITIc F1sc:Ierlc. - Mr. J. .. IKenCIedy, whoi has alwayss been a great favorito with thle Goulburn Ipublic, aclcnolcnces lthat hIe will give a dunaticl peIr forimanice ic tie ball of the cmechancics' institute lhero oi next Tlhursday eveuing, whcen lhe will be c suortleed cy ca powerfucl company. The principal pIicce in thile iograinlue will be tithe amusing nad Ipopuilar comcedy of Milky "'lhic, in whichl Mr. Ku. nedy will assumee tie leading clharacter. Ih- orxovATIo or ENGI.lsc lBicnls.--lRecentlv about twecity English selarliug, imlportedl by the Acclim tihations Society, were sent to tice cmayor of Gouilbcur and were clet loose at his reeidence in Cliflord-street, slid are now to Ibe seen about the trees icc tie gardcen. Ic'Te:Ici:sTrvi TO PIccr:inis.-During thie reccca hot weathCer MIr. T. J. O'lBrion, the mnachinist at the (;oulburnl Hcra'ld works, ncecoiveod the idea of nattaelhiug a fall to tile tly-wheel of a printing.mac. chiue, and the schlcemo was carrird out liy his ssistl alint, Jcames Bocr, and ihas since booeen in soccossful operation. IPrs:s:nvrl: rio?o S.a: Fran PeUrc Sceoor, PonrosEr. -No. 73:. Cocnty of Miurray, piarish of Merigan, area iabout 20 acres 13 pcerchel, beoicg measured iportion No. 232. Tihe crown lands within tile fo]. low'ing bouldcries: Coliellcchilg on the socllhlc-ast corner of iportion No. 223 of 2 acres, site for public school; andl boullldcd tIhiLnce on parIt of thie south icy a line bearing north 801 degrees 17 mincutes east 13 chnics 61 links s; thlnce on thie east iy a line north 14 chainsI 77 hlnks; thenIceI o pa rt of thie north by a line west 12 chainis i links to the south-oastenl side of the road cllI Bungendicc.loro to Tarago; thnce on thie norlih-wcat by the southleastern side of that road bcarilng iouthi 21i degrees 57 minutes west c chaics 6(; links to the nrthll-westccr corner of portion No. 225 lf 2 roods for liomanu Cathollic relhsbytcery; thence on thie rimilndiler of thie sutllh, ipart of thie west, nd remacinoder of thie niorth by the norlth, cast, aml Ipart of thie soulltl houndarie? of that pIortion east, south,il and wcest to th norlIheast corner of Iporioci No. 221 of 1 incro, alto for lIolcanc Cathllio clhlrcehl; ald tlhence on the remaicndler of the weste biy the cast boundccary of that portion and portion No. 2-23 afol'eaiidl soulth chaiens 5 links to thie point of coci ceciLC icemII('11 t. llc:,;:nc'i rco.t S.i.: ro .nossC c-Pl.P,?c.-Hlis Excellency the Governor directs it to be notified that j for a erossing-place :--No. 10i. County of King, hisliscc onllt1ceiliecl iceloer shall1 be reserved Irene eels ciarishl of Yccss, acra iabout iD nacrcs. Thie crowne lands within the fillowing boundarios: Columucncing on the right bank of Dnerringullo nOrck, at the sonth-east corner of portion No. 183, Dennis Galin's 50 acres; and bounded thence on the north by the south boundary of that portion west 10 chains 41 links to thb east side of the road forming the bouud ary betweon the counties of King and Harden; thence on the west by the east side of that road south 15 chains 31 links to the north-west corner of portion 180, J. Burke's 40 acres; thence on thia south by the north boundary of that portion east to Derringullen Cr Oroo aforesaid; and thence. on the east by that creeock upwards, ,to thLu point of con mnonoeeent. r ':: RessnGV: iOM LeABs ran RA CaossIso-.PL1CE. The portion of laund hereinafter described his bhcn: withdrewn for the above purposeio:No. 7-,County: of King, parish of Yass, area about 30 ocres. DIsecAsE Is SnacP Act or 1836.-The annualr contribution to be levied to meet the expenses of the Act, hitherto at the rate of one pound for every thousand sheep or portion of a thousand sheoop bo-t longing to any owner of more than five mhundredl sheep, has beeoon reduced to seren shillings aud six. pence for the year 1880. YAss.-A publio meeting was held at Yass on VWednesdnay when a petition in support of tib public instrauction bill (with tihe omission of the 20th clause) was adopted. There wero only about forty persons present; but the petition is being nneer oiisly signed, and according to the Couricrb b oth cntholoics and protestants.-On Thursday the Royv. A. D. Faences, the newly-appointes Chiurch of EBg. land minister, wiss formally welcomed by lhis pa?rishioners.-The new court-house was oponed for Itho transactioi oh business on Wednesday.-Thie •man Coulthard,.who has confessed to poisoneing his wifl in Englaiid,; is retained in custody pesndieg iustlructions from Sydneoy. There is said to be no trace of insanity about him nd hle adheres to his confession, and the Courier says thiat in spRito of irois questioning lhe repeats tihe statoment, aud gives days nd dates and other particulars without the slightet hesitation and without variation ;I statcs that. since his confession he has beeon mush easier in his mind, and that tile apparition of his late wife has not since appeared to him. He spends his time chiefly in reading, and lan;: wo understeund,. been visited by the IRev. Mr. Faunces, wihoe has supplied him with books to read. TuE L?Tr COACUI-ACCIDENT AT WTooA.--Joseph Peard, the driver of the vehicle by whichdi the acci dent ocnrred to aMr. Ashlin's dauglittr, and who was committed for trial by virtuoof the coroner's warrant on a charge of manslaughter, was summoned to appear on Friday last at the Wagga police court by tile inspector of nuisnsuces, for leavinghis vehicle nn protected on the 13th January last at the railway. stntion, Wagga Wagga. Defendant pleaded not guilty. Tlhe ase was withdrawnupon the defendant agreeing to pJay costs. INTBEESTING TO SEr,rCTOnR.--Batliturst, Wednes dlay.-An inquiry ic now being hlild, at Bathurst, on a case of great interest to selectors. It appears that a selctIor, inamed Campfield, living at Canlmpbell's River, selected 250 acres of land in the year 1862, in the parish of Jocclyn, county Westmsorelatd. Alter Ilie had occeupicd it for some time and improved it, hie was informed hy thie miniister for thnds that lie counld not have the land, as it was on a goldlield re sorre. HIe, however, continued to illmplrove it, iinder the impressionl that lie waould ihave it iwhen the re serve revoiked. InII thile year 1875 a selector, inamed Simmtuon, took up the samne land, andt d put improveo ments on also. Campliold protested ngainist his having thle land, ol thile gratntd that hie had a prior cliilt to it on aecOtltt of his inliproveinonts. The nmattr Ihas been in disputs oever sinc, elacl?h party trying to keepl the Iltnd. iThe miister of lands hias now nauthlorised MIr. II. Crouch to hold a coirt of appllraisefient, so as to take evidence and.valuo im-i proveltlents inade by eiach plart,, so as to assist at a judgment being irrived at as to lwho has the better right to lho lantdl.-- l'Thiursday. In the apllraisomont case of Stitntous v. Camplield, vwhich was conucluded oil Wledllesday nighlt, the appraiscr reserved his decision. Canlltield's witllcscs pIroved that ho had puIt itilpravelnitls on the land to the value of £5 per acrO before Silntllons selected.-Eveninig oNews. Wso.s Wa.ih.. - Thurrday. - A man named Mooliouse rmet withl a sev-ero accident while cross ing thle bridige yesterday evening. His horso slhying at a cart tlrew him on the rails, inflicting severe injuries to his ribs and faco.-Telegram to Echlo. tIetsi-rtnt:.--A destructive tire his occurred on the estate of E. K. Crasce, Esq., J.P., of Gungahlecn, Giindllerra, by which about half a nlile of good fencig has beeon destroyed and oilier damage done. -Age. Cowns.-Tntasday.-Tlho railway survey from BIlaynecy to urrumbrrtb rah is progressing rapidly. 'Tueo middle party are olprating frol Cowre, are nIow beyond Bong Boug, and will very shortly ineet the survey party from Ilhe Iurrnmaburrah end. A poti tion, ulnanimoutly signed bty the inhabitants of the district in fiavoIr of the routo, has beeo prepared and will be forwarded to Sydney.-Telegram to S. 11. Herald. Ten tlhousand acres of grass have boeen burnt by bush.fires at Brookong. A man named Atny, recently from Sydney, em ployedi ottn ltls raihay lite, was drotvned in tit lagotron at (tultdagai lwhile crossing for bathing on Saturday. Itt'rasnn AT BEnnntsooxas, on 12th Jaenwary, front Bulla Crook; nittic sent to registered owner, lut ntot claitmed :--Flea-bitten grey mare, At' t over J over J over like It near shloulder, saddlo and girth marked, Sald face, like wanll eye near side, aged, 15 Ihandtls.--Also, oi 19thi, fromt Bulls Creek :--Brown mare, star, ' over iear in shoutlder, FF off shoulder ageld, It) latnds ; hay lhorfe, ,I near shbonlter, liltke CK off sIoutiCer, vwhite sp10ts along back, 3 years, 1413 lands. To be sold 12th February. .Iraosn c At I BIs iItItOW.i, Ott 21st Jatiuary, frosa Castle's Creek; sut tiun 11/- cachi :- Dark bay horse, H over H over WJ s neIar sllotldier, sore wither, near hiild hoeel wlite, bIlack points, shod, nged, 15 hantds; cestntllt lltare, like 0 or 0 over T near sllonlder, broken, 1 years, 14L hands; darki cllestnut mare, indescribable brand ntlear lshoulder, blazo down fIace, near fore and hind logs white, off fore foot lwhite, white utnder jaw, wllito patch untder belly off side, fore feet lshod, aged, 1.t hiands. To be sold 12th February. - I.sctonncn ST . fr Multcnoarnucn ats23rd Janunary, from Blind Greek: White cow, k C or (f- near runip; white heifer at foot, nubranded. To obe sold 12th Febnrary. - 