DARLINGTON POINT. (prom OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) A large and influential meeting of agricul turists from Kulki, Argoon, Yauko, Uri, Vuddi, and Darlington Point assembled at Arnold's hotel, Waddi, on Saturday after noon, 31st nit, in order to consider proposals from Messrs Billincton, Neild & Co., our local storekeepers, anent the erection of a dis trict flour mill. Mr John Woodlock, of Uri Park, occupied the chair. The conference proceeded in the following order : It was proposed by Mr Lander, and seoonded by Mr Ghelton, that the millers guarantee to grind grist at 10 per cent advance on . the Corowa prices ; it was also submitted and carried by the meeting that the mill be erected in time for the produce of next season. After con siderable discussion, Mossrs Billington & Neild agreed to put up the mill simply on the good faith of the district farmers to support the undertaking to to the utmost of their power by putting as large an area under culti vation as the forthcoming season would ad admit. There are indications of bush-fires to the northward, but, no nows of such calamities are yet to hand. The somewhat formidablo exodus of far mers, a short timo since, from the vicinity of Darlington Point, and tho re-absorption of their holdings have been more than atoned for, during the last week or two, by the ar rival into our district of certilin well-known agriculturists |from Y ictoria, who intend to speculate in cultivation to a considerable ox tent. This is good news for our plucky local millers and is encouraging them to commence building operations forthwith. In illustra tion of tho fact, Mr Billington (of the firm of Billington, , Neild & Co,) is now en route . I for Sydney m order to purchase machinery for tlie new venture, and make the start which is to make the district — every ono wishes our young and gallant adventurers tho suc cess which they deservo, but a few of. the knowing ones shake their heads somewlint dubiously after sitting down and coolly count ing the cost, the uncertainty and the unde niable risk ! Howevor, a very reliablo au thority informs us that ho who ' regardeth the clouds will not sow' ; and certainly if we I are to wait for the elements and the ' times | and tho seasons' to enter into guarantees in favour of our mundane schomes, then1 both faith and speculation would be reduced to an impossibility, and tho glory of all human enterprise sink into a soulless negation ! So then, as 'hope, springs immortal, in tho breast,' wo will hope for the best in regard to tho mill that is to be, and, with a benefi cent Providcnco on our sido, plough the soil and scatter tho seed in cheerful expectation of a harvest that shall abundantly repay Z both farmer and miller. ./ - 