Queensland Stock Movements and State of the Country* (fívm the Queenslander, Sept l8 ) COOKTOWN. September 3. The weather has been very squally with light showers, seldom enough to register, but what has fallen has freshened up the grass as far as it extended (only a few miles from the coast). All along the various roads there is very little grass to be seen, and work- ing cattle are beginning to feel the effects of the drought. At Maytown they have hod no rain for the last two or three months, and horse food is very expensive. The country about Palmerville is looking very badly, and I am told that cattle are falling off. There has been nothing doing in the horse market. Carriage is now £6 to Byerstown, £8 Eight hand Branch, £12 MaytowH, £13 Palmerville. These are the rates agreed to at a meeting of carriers held here a few weeks, ago. I have no stock movements to report, j Reading of thermometer at noon for the week ending 28th August :-Max. 78', min. 77" ; week ending 3rd September :-Max. 78", min. 76". Rainfall for the fortnight, 036in. POET DABWTN. August 9. Mr.'Hann came over two weeks ago from Queensland, with 200 head of cattle, and disposed of them at once. He returned over- land without any delay. A mob of horses was also brought over from, Cleveland Bay, by Charles Bridson and party, for carrying on the roads, but this new rush has raised the price of horses considerably. INGHAM, HEBBEBT BIYEB. September 4. During the present week we have had £in. of rain, which was most acceptable to all. Generally, we get rather more than our share of thiB element, bat this year it haB been un- usually dry. There is no lack of grass, how- ever, and stock look fairly well. , TOWNSVILLE. September 6. Rain is very badly wanted all through the district. The weather ia very cool'now, the nights being really cold. Strong easterly and south-easterly winds are experien¿ed. Grass Í8 very scarce near town, and the " agistment paddocks" are turning stock out. NOBTH BBANCH, OAMBOOTA. September 15. ' Fine rains have paid us a welcome visita- tion during the past few days ; and present atmospheric surroundings promise further heavy thunderstorms. The pasturage is al- ready changing its color. Lambing at present engrosses the .attention of our local sheep breeders, and hopes are sanguine of fair per centages resulting in many instances where matters looked gloomy a week ago. The mortality amongst lambs and old sheep has been large during the late dry season. Agri- cultural crops require more rain. Much of the wheat in the neighborhood is past recovery; potatoes and maine are being planted to. a small extent. STANTHORPE. September 8. The weather still continues very dry. Al- though we had a good thunderstorm a few nights since, the soil was so thoroughly parched that it did very little good, while the country still presents the same miserable burnt-up appearance. The cattle are looking very bad. We have had no mortality so far, but unless an equinoctial change takes place some of them must go. The water is begin- ning to fail-the wells especially so. There is a good deal of sickness prevalent among both old and young, in the forms of cold and influenza, with lassitude, no doubt owing to the abnormal state of the weather for this season of the year. GYMPIE. September 10. The weather is still dry with warm days and cool nights. Some partial showers fell in the neighbourhood during last week, one pretty heavy downpour at the Veteran last- ing for nearly two hours ; a general rain is anxiously looked for, and is much needed. There is a great deal of sickness on the field juBt now. NANANQO. September 12. During the last week we have had one heavy night's rain, with several showers, which has completely altered the appearance of the grass in and around the township. The rain has not been general, as I hear Taabinga station has had but few showers, and on the 10th instant frost had recom- menced. ' The only stock movement during the week has been the passing of 800 store cattle from Monduran station, Wide Bay district, in charge of Mr. Miller, for Mr. James Ivory's station, Nukinenda, Brisbane River. To-day we have within a few miles of the town- ship 4000 mixed sheep, the property of Mr. M'Oord, Cania, Upper Burnett, in charge of Mr. Maltby, eft route to Toowoomba for Balo. EOSEWOOD. ( September 14. This district was favored with a thunder- storm and a good steady rijin on Saturday night, and farming works that have been so long suspended will now be' resumed with greater vigor. , BLACKALL. August 30. The balance of Mr. Hutton's sheep, from Mount Dawson, in charge of Mr. H. Marsh, have just passed here, September 14. We have had several splendid downpours since I last wrote, filling waterholes. An improvement in agricultural prospects may now be looked forward to. ÖHAElSivILLE. September 7. The weather is still rainless ; day after day clouds gather and hopes rise that the long continued drought will end, but with the night the sky clears, and we seem as far from rain as ever. The grass is fast disap- pearing, and water becoming scarce. A mob of Sly's cattle passed through Char- leville on their way from Degilbo to Ardoch, under'the charge of Mr. Halloran. GIN GIN. \- ' September 10. Running fires are the order of the day. In- deed it is very hard to find a place about here now without some sign of the devastat- ing element. Gin Gin station itself had a narrow escape of being burned down last week by one, and gave all hands enough to do to stop it. The weather is much the same as in every other part of the colony, a clear sky and hot sun in the day time, and cloudy and cool at night. Every morn looks like rain until the sun rises above the horizon, jwhen all signs vanish, EASTEEN AND WESTEEN DOWNS. September 8. The weather continues very dry and hot ; grass and water are both becoming scarce. The lambing, I fear, in most placeB will be a very bad one. ALLOHA. September 13. The weather during the last nine or ten days has been variable, at intervals showing every indication of a break in the drought. I now, with the greatest of pleasure, pen the good tidings that we have been favoured with some fine rain. On Friday, 3rd, we had a very nice fall, lasting three-quarters of an hour ; it was a partial rain, but the greater number of our farmers had a good share, which has done much good. On Saturday, the 4th, a nice shower fell at noon, and again on Saturday, the 11th, a heavy rain com- menced to fall at half-past three o'clock, and lasted till half-past eight p.m. ; heavy showers fell at intervals throughout the night-pleas- ing was it for the farmers to hear it pattering on their shingles ; they have not heard such music for a long time. It was just in time to do a great deal of good to our wheat crops. The farmers are quite jubilant, for many of their crops look very promising. Those rains have given the grass and herbage a start. Stock generally have thus far done very well; I have heard of no losses here ; if they can only bear out for a month longer, there will be no reason to complain. Farmers are now very busy ploughing for the planting of maize. I have heard that, through the destruction of some thousands of acres of grass at Glen- gallan by bush-fires, Mr. Slade has to provide forage for over 300 head of field stock, exclusive of the number stall-fed yearly. I have just heard from one of the selectors at Elphinstone, Clifton, that fully an inch of rain fell there. LOGAN AND ALBERT. September 13. The weather has lately looked more like rain, and some few showers have already fallen, though these have been only partial. Tambourine and Mundoolun seem to have got the largest share. A fine shower broke over the Albert on Saturday week last, and on last Saturday night it rained heavily for more than an hour, making the grass look beautiful. Paddocks which were burnt early in the season have at present a fine spring of grass in them. At the heads of the Albert and Logan they have not been so fortunate, and cattle are losing condition very fast. I saw twenty-five hides of bogged cattle from one paddock, but those were of cattle lately taken over from New South Wales. With this exception there has not as yet been more than the average number of deaths among cattle at this time of the year. Owing to Saturday night's rain the farmers are planting their maize and sugar-cane. THE WEATHER. According to the official reports for the twenty-four hours ended at nine a.m. on the 10th instant, the weather continued threaten- ing along the coast, and showers fell at Glad- stone (0.25in.) during the night; also at Burnett Heads, Flat-top Island, Mackay, and Cardwell. In the south there was no rain. On Tuesday morning all signs of rain had disappeared from those stations where it was experienced on Saturday night, and the offi- cial reports show that the only stations where the sky was at all clouded were Cape More- ton, Woody Island, Burnett Heads, Banana, Ravenswood, and Palmerville, but there ap- pears no anticipation of rain at any of these places. In New South Wales also the rain had ceased, and the weather has again become quite cold, a heavy fall of snow having oc- curred at Blayney. We notice also that in our own colony there was frost at Stanthorpe. During the whole of Tuesday the weather in Brisbane was very threatening-or, per- haps, we should rather use the term promis- ing-and one or two smart showers fell dur- ing the afternoon. After nightfall a steady rain set in, which lasted un to a late hour, giving by far the heaviest rainfall experienced here since April last. Tuesday morning's re- ports showed that a fine rain had fallen at varions stations in the Wide Bay district, slightly over half-an-inch having been regis- tered at Maryborough ; it was also showery at several Moreton Bay stations, and at Glad- stone and Bundaberg, but though other stations reported cloudy weather, there was little or no rain elsewhere in the colony. The meteorological reports received on Wednesday show that there has been a general break-up of the dry weather from which the country has been so long suffering. In Bris- bane during Tuesday night and yesterday several steady soaking showers fell, each of them lasting for some time. The rainfall re- gistered at the metropolis during the twenty four hours ended at 9 a.m. on Wednes- day was 0'92in. Reports for the twenty four hours ended at 9 o'clock on Wed- nesday morning showed that rain had extended to the surrounding districts, and over a large area of western country, as far up the coaat as Mackay. The coastal sta- tions at which rain had fallen were Cape Moreton (1*80 in.), Maryborough (045 in.), Bundaberg (heavyrain), Gladstone(280in.), Rockhampton (1*84 in.), and Mackay (073 in.). Rain was also reported from the fol- lowing inland Btations :-Ipswich (0"65 in.). Dalby (1'20 in.), Toowoomba (098 in.), Warwick (055 in.), Stanthorpe (082 in.), Roma (0'57 in.), St. George (1-10 in.), Cun- namulla (1*50 in.), Tambo (storm), Gayndah (073 in.), Banana (223 in.), Jimbour (097 in.), Teningering (heavy rain), and Clermont (0'22 in.) It was raining at Blackall and Aramac. Cloudy weather was general along the seabord north of Mackay, and a number of the inland stations at which no rain had fallen also reported cloudy weather. Our own correspondent at Rockhampton reports that heavy showers fell there on Tuesday, and that nearly 3 in. of rain were recorded yesterday morning at that town. -It appears from the official reports of the twenty-four hours ended at 9 o'clock orv Thursday morning that the rain had generally! cleared off for a time, though the rainfaff recorded at many of the stations showed that there had already been sufficient to do much good among the crops and the grass, though perhaps in some places the waterholes have not greatly benefited. We give the quantify registered at some of the leading stations during the twenty-four hours as indicating the amount of the rainfall in the various districts : - Brisbane, 0-62in ; Beenleigh, l'39in. ; Tallebudgera, heavy, rain ; Ipswich, 0"34in.; Toowoomba,0C8in.; Warwick,lin,; Stanthorpe, 2-48. ; Dalby, T20in ; St. George, f 0'22in. ; Cunnamulla, 0 45in. At Nive, Tambo, Blackall, and Aramac, the weather had been fine ; but returning to the coast districts we find the Wide Bay stations reporting showery weather ; Gayndah, 0'21in. ; Gladstone l'85in. ; Rockhampton, 0.86in. ; Keppel Bay, l'50in. ; and Mackay, 0-08in. In the interior of the central districts, as shown by the reports, there had been no rain during the twenty four hours, and it was also fine on the nor- thern coast beyond Mackay. The afternoon reports were generally of fine weather, but it was showery at Tallebudgera, and threatening at Stanthorpe and St. George. 