ADELON a N E W S. [.FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT. J un r riuay ovening last tne comminco or rno 'Adelong Reading 'Room mot to examiiie and Vepoh upon tho affairs of the institution. ' Mr.' Menlove, J.P., was called : to the chair. :Tho minutes of last meeting were road) 'nnd :the hon. secretary, Mr. Garland; produced the books and rendered his financial statement,' frbto which it appears that they .began fj380 witK fi deficit of £7 13s. lid. The. previous year snowoa a aoncienoy 01 xi. xi wouia appear py this that the interest was flagging ; But it must be considered that there bayo boon' .' n^tbe; spiSrti nor bazaars in connection with tho insti tution (luring 1879| which oh previous occasion's increased tho annual incomolby about £20. It was suggested to make up this Bmall deficiency, and with a'yiow, if 'possible, 'to pho'w a surplus next year when the fiiianciul statement is mado, that a concert should take placo. This was favorably received, and a. committee consisting of the following gentlemen was proposoa, who are requested to report progress on Friday the 13th— Messrs. W.' M. Turner, W. J. Garland,' W. b. 'Thomas, J. McCord, an-J W. . Ij. Foil.' WhtoH' thb reading-room was first started' it was said that tho working men would not care to visit it after a day's toil,' hut we find many of oiir hardy miners taking an interest and delight in attending and disoussing the ' daily subjects furnished by tho Sydney nnd .other japors. Why should wo, as members, not start' a dobating sooiety, and add amusement and instruction ? This could now be done without one penny cos}, and if such were started it would induce many of oiir aspiring young men to improvd;ihem Bolves'in puhlio speaking, a lack muoh fgjt in Adelong. I would rooommend my ,fellow townsmon to bccomo members. Tho amount is trifling, viz. Is. per month, and for this email Bum they can, whenever opportunity offers, spend many pleasant hours. It must not be forgotten that they have the privilege of bor rowing books by excellent' authors, and so by reading at home gain knowledge themselves and instruct their families. A subscription to this object is money saved, and usefully expended. I would, then, advise one and all to wait upon the hon. secretary and enrol their names. I was rather surprised no voto of thanks was accorded to the secretary for his valuable ser vices, but perhaps it is the intention of tho committee to acknowledge it in a mora tangible form. About six months since Mr. John Tonking brought a charge of neglect against Mr. G. Morris, the mining registrar, which charge was investigated by Mr. Warden Vyner. The evi dence, and also Mr. Morris's explanation, wete forwarded for the consideration of the- Execu- tive Council. The result is that Mr. Morris is to continue to act in his official capacity, an office' ho has so efficiently filled. The mining community will receive this information, no doubt, gladly, as the great interest Mr. Morris has taken in mining matters has met with their approbation. \- A bush-firo started on Sunday morning on the ranges near Cooley'p Creek. It extended several miles, and a deal of grass was oon ..-mimed... . Another, bush-fire occurred on the Gadarn roce-oourse on Sunday, and owing to the high wind it burnt with great fury.. 