SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GARDENERS' SOCIETY. A meeting of the members of this Society was held at the Ohamber of 'Manufactures on Satur day evening, September 4. There were about a dozen members present, and Mr. J. F. Pascoe occupied the chair. Mr. F. S. 0. Driffield wrote presenting copies of the following works to the Society:—Paxton'a Dictionary, Miller's Gardeners' Dictionary of 1740, Johnston's Science of Gardening, Jussiea's Elements of Botany, Botanical Sketches, Mcintosh's Gardener, and Loudon's Suburban Gardener. Beitived with thanks. Mr. Charles Bobinette' was elected a . member of the Society. The following paper on "Notable Native Plants about Ardrossan, Yorke's Peninsula," was received from Mr. J. G. O. Tepper, an hon. corresponding member of the Society" Acacia notabflis (F. v. M.) is a species of this genus, much more adapted for ornamental garden cnltnre than A. pygnantha, which it resembles in profusion, colour, and scent of flowers, on account of its much smaller stature, attaining only a height of from two to four feet in an arborescent form. The leaveB are of a narrower, more oblong shape, than those of the common wattle, and their colour is a peculiar greyish I reen. The season of flowering begins about < he end of July and extends to October, while ' he seeds sue ripe in January. The soil required a a rich marly clay, with about one-third coarse elspathic sand, such as is obtained by pounding ranife or gneiss. There is hardly another oacia so profuse in bloom as the small A spine cens (Bentham), being literally drowned in ellow, strongly perfamed flowers when in fall loom, but otherwise only remarkable for its eafless stems and sharp spikelets, forming a ittle sparry shrub of some twelve to eighteen inches in height, and flourishing at the same time bb the former. I have seen plants in full bloom only three inches high. It grows in all sorts of clay soils. JProstanthera coccinea (F. v. M.) is a small plant only six to eight inches in height, which promises to be productive of remarkable improvement in colour and varieties in the hands of the gardener, as even in nature the flowers vary much in tint and size. It is a small shrub with very numerous straight stems thick beset with minute dark-green leaves. The flowers appear axillary, eaon seem producing from four to twelve successively, one to six at a time. Their size varies from half to one inch In length (being lipflowers, Labiatre), and their colour, where I have observed them, from pale to dark, sulphur yellow, yellowish green, grass green, to ^bluish green of the darkest shade. Considering bnw rare on the whole con spicuously green lij.wrs are, this species may prove an acquisition for European greenhouses, especially as it is not at all dainty about a special soil, but flourishes in all positions, from a clayey granitic sand to stiff red water-hard clay. It flourishes nearly all the year through, although in different plants; but ripe seed is rather difficult to be got, even in the best of times, i.e., December and January, on account of its minuteness and the capsules opening early in the morning when ripe, thus scattering the seed before a collector is in the field. As the name implies, the typical variety exhibited red flowers, thuB presenting almost a full series of shades. The latter shade does not occur here abouts. The leaves emit a very strong and agreeable aromatic scent. Turning to the Com posite, the first ornamental plant in the Penin sula scrub is Aster pannosus (F. v. M ), whether foliage or flowers be considered. The leaves are moderately large, about two inches long by three-quarters of an inch wide, glaucous green above and snow-white below; the stems are straight, covered with white hairs, and range in height from 1 to3 feet in a wild state; the flowers are axillary on the young twigs, have stalks about two inches in length, and a diameter from one and a half to above two inches; their colour is white. They require a rich, marly clay, with leaf-earth and soft limestone fragments, but also some shade,as they are always found among shrnbs, never in open spots. It blooms from September to November, the flowers occupying the summit of the plant, having very loog stalks. Bipe seeds occur from November to December. Aster exul (Lindley) is one of those plants that first overspreads in number those portions of scrub overrun and des troyed by bush- fires. Starting with the first soaking showers, and flourishing for two or three years. 5* ^comCs : vci t-U'.li.'-' v Ir.amt Ci5:.a;jp<-.iCe • ill another tire ! ec-Jls iu into activity. It .-a»r. grow* luxcri i i:t-v ©a spots disturbed !•* tfce navvy or -ju.ir.-y. man. A ni»s."e stein riaw •o.rw i» iii: si> indie-., wtiicK is tliieei;.' brssr witu «i.irh g!v;c»>aV, oral, eer.-atec lcarc-s. which drop ,,■< fa'old ego. then ^y.-Ticlva out iixQflst'lioriy.ont^ljy an:'. Setters "almost contfut-sllj thsocgu the year ; the- 0'iUr petals are of a bluish wtif*-; rhc in wrual florets vJiow. liij-airU'r nbom ofio inth more* and the flow rs fxiioy numerous Occurring ou tii soils, in sct.il.- an described before, i have not met them on the coast plains or wiinin me immediate inauence ot cue sea breeze. Ripe seeds may be gathered all through the aummu months. Frequent cutting or break ing down does not injure them, but rather renews their vigour and improves the r appear ance. The largest flowers among the family are furnished by Podolepis acuminatum (R Br.), a plant, the upper portion of whiob (if not the root likewise) dies every year, sboots out afresh in July, forms buds in August, and blooms in September and October, each individual flower lasting about eight to twelve days. The stem is thin for its height, namely, Is! to Id inches, and bears from two to four flowers of a rich golden yellow, very bulky, and fully of 1£ to 2$ inches diameter. It is found on the coast plain and all _ other open spots, even in wheatfields, and is certainly showy, even gorgeous in appearance. The seeds ripen in November. A smaller species, but also orna mental, is P. rtcgata, preferrihg sandstone and granite ridges, and much more branched and leafy than the above; it also blooms four to sir weeks later, and does not die oS annually. Of native immortelles Hetichrysum lucidum and H. Icucoj'sidium (DeO ) are the most remarkable for beauty.' H. Baxteri (A. Ouun) is much smaller and more local. The former has nume rous stems with closely set leaves, and shining, golden yellow flowers (one inch in size; in plenty, JastiDg many weeks from October to December, and sometimes later. I have grown it repeatedly in rich marly porous clay with limestone frag ments and burnt earth, and found it easily sub mitting to cultivation; also wonderfully im proving by degrees in luxuriance of appearance 'and number and size of flower, but it requires a support, as it is easily broken off by the wind just above the ground, and never shoots out afresh. The seeds ripen in December and January. Showy as it is in elegance and deli cate tinting of the flowers it is surpassed by the social' Helichrysum hucopsidium, which grow in hundreds among thin groups of mallus and other shrubs and among clamps of xerotids. Its npper parts mostly die to_ within a few inches of the ground; the thin long stems attain a height of 12 to 16 inches, are beset with numerous small greyish leaves, and bear each from -one to four or five flowers of pure white or delicate pink colour of a silky lustre; the petals are delicately wavy while young. The flower beads are about one inch in size, and form imperishable wreaths when used as buds or when freshly . opened. Muoh leaf-earth is required to be mixed with the soil.' Accompanying the paper were seeds of the plants treated by Mr. Tepper- in a previous paper. On the motion of Mr. P. Sombbville, seconded by Mr. A. M&cdom; axj>, a vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Tepper for his paper, anl a hope was expressed that he would continue his ■ notes on the native plants. The Oebibubh said at a late meeting of the Society, in a dis cussion on the orange he had made a remark to the effect -that the trees were long-lived. One of the members disputed that statement, and he (the Chairman) wonld at th3 next meeting make some remarks as to the age of the trees. (Hear, hear.) He still believed that there were long-lived trees naturally, anl he thought he would be able to show it. Mr. Knauss, gardener to Sir Thomas Elder, men tioned that a .Rider's patent hot-air eDgine had been fixed at Sir Thomas Elder's, at Mount Lofty, and water had been pumped to a height of 116 feet, though not perpendicularly. The engine was easily worked, and threw a fall stream of water. It was the first of the kind that had come to Australia, and Mr. Knauss thought it wonld prove to be very useful for gardening purposes. Mr. J. H. Mohan, gardener to the Chief Justice, exhibited a few of the important Australian plants now in bloom—Baronia megastigma, one of the most deliciouslv perfumed flowers known; a variety of Autbociercis,shown last meeting, and believed to be a littoraliB. This is improving with age, and promises to become a most useful shrub for pots, and probably for the border. He also exhibited a specimen of Pittosporum un dulatum, from the Chief Justice's gar den, a common shrub, and deservedly so; a Specimen of Hardenbergia ovata alba, the white native lilac, misnamed aarsaparilla, to which they bear no relation; samples of various kinds of peat soil, as well ss samples of the soil in various stages of formation, trom the fresh moss (Sphagnum), grasses, ferns, ling or heath, and other vegetable spbstances to their ulti mate fusion in a partly or wholly decayed'state, according to the age and depth of the layers, till the true peat-mould is formed at the bottom and the pbre sand as it occurs either in masses ameB'g the vegetable compound or in particle combination with it as soil; and leaf-mould soil, to show the difference between colonial and 'British peat, and to show fern peat, heath peat, orchid peat, &c.; wallflowers of fine form, colonr, and extra size; a Balsam bloom, re markable for being out of seasoD, and very pore; Beckia plicata, a pretty heath-like shrub; Kennedya McKayana—a-beautiful blue climber now in flower; and Start pea (Ciianthns Dim pierii.) Mr. Lewis, gardener to the Hon. J. Fisher, also showed a collection of native flowers. The Town Clerk forwarded Mr. Brown's report on the planting of trees in the Park Lands; and Baron von Mueller's " Eucalypto graphia," a descriptive atlas of the gum-trees of Australia. The gentlemen were thanked for the gifts, and the meeting then adjourned for a month. 