NEWS AND NOTES. The commission of enquiry into the war in the Transvaal consists of Sir Hercules Hobinson, Governor of the Cape Colony; Sir Evelyn Wood, and Sir John H. De Villiers, Ghief Justjge of Cspe Colojjy. The cgmmia sion will proceed to Heidelberg, with a view of collecting all the information within reach bearing upon the’ causes of the war.—A frightful disaster has occurred at Niae, in Bar dinfa, wher? a theatre took fire during the performance. The moans of pgrggs from the building were found insufficient in the spare that of course took place, and the result was, that numbers were trampled to death, whilo others were burned, no less than a hundred of the unfortunate audiencp having pe,'jchefj.— The Premier of Greece states fhat though war With Turkey Is fikely, it js not inevitable. On the first reeding qf the Refqrm Bill bping proposed ip the Council yesterday thp Presi dent mlpd that the measure could not be con sidered, oa a bill had already been sent to the Assembly to provide for kindred legislation had not. been dealt with by it, Thera waß no precedent for dealing with another bill on the same eubject, while tho one submitted by the Council had not beep disposed ef,. Mr Reid desired to move that the House disagree with the ruling of the President, but, bowing to the ruling, gave notice of motion for Tuesday, to which day the Council adjourned. The sitting of the Assembly yesterday was a brief one. When only a part of the business on the notice-paper had been disposed of the news of tho refusal of the Council to entertain the Reform Bill caused Mr Berry to rise and .move the adjournment of the House until Tuesday. After the very hot- weather that had pre vailed the presage of rain given by the lower ing clouds on Wednesday, night was extremely welcome, - more especially to the numerous sufferers from the illness which is so preva lent, At midnight the rain began to fall, and continued, with slight intermissions, throughout the day, the sky, however, clearing somewhat, -and the downpour ceasing towards night. The rain which fell was very welcome, but the quantity was, we-fesr, too limited to cause any large increase of the supply in the dams. A continuation of the downpour is hoped for. A most .agreeable and welcome change in the weather took place here (writes our Smythesdale correspondent) yesterday even ing. A heavy thunderstorm at one time ap peared to be imminent, but it gradually passed off. The rain commenced to fall early this morning, and still comes down steadily, with every appearance of a thorough soaking wet day. We learn by telegram that the first rain which has fallen for the last ten weeks in the Charlton district set in early yesterday morn ing, and continued all day without inter ruption. It was much needed by both agri cultural and towns people, the latter for some time past having bean compelled to purchase water for domestio purposes. There is every appearance of a continuance of the down pour. A terrible accident occurred at the claim of tho East Hurdsfield Company about 9 o’clock yesterday morning. One of the workmen named John Thomas, a resident of Humffray street, was descending in the cage to go to his work, and when down about' 150 feet' the driving end pinion wheels became disengaged through the plummer block shifting, and the cage went down with a run to the bottom of the shaft, a depth of about 400 feet. Both the driving and pinion wheels were smashed to pieces. The cage, we learn, is what is called a safety one, but it. would seem that it is not prudent to rely much on safety cages generally, though in the present case the patent clutches caught some of the slabs and pulled them out. The engine-driver, it seems, made a desperate effort to save Mr Thomaß, and endangered his own life. Assistance was at once rendered, and Mr Thomas was brought to the Hospital, where he received every possible care and attention. He seems to be very seriously, if not fatally, crushed about the kidneys and abdomen, and he has received a severe wound on the back part of the head. He was suffering great pain yesterday evening, so much so, indeed, that he was scarcely able to Bpeak. Mr Thomas is married, and has a family of nine children. . . Some time during Wednesday night a burglarious entrance into Mr Adair’s Bridge House Drapery Establishment was effected, but .fortunately the thief or thieves were dis appointed with regard to obtaining booty. It seems that an entrance was effected through a window in an ante-room at the rear of the building, and then a door led into the Bhop where the valuables were. In order to get into this apartment an old plough coulter was used to pick a hole in the brickwork, and an aperture large enough to admit a man had been made when the-business was given up, probably through the appearanoe of danger, or in view of the ciroumstanoe that there was a heavy-case of goods in front of the very spot where the hole was picked in the wall,- further ingress being thereby prevented. No one,.it seems,: slept on the premises, and a good deal of valuable goodß might easily have been car ried off. It is to be hoped that the police will be able before long to bring the guilty party to justice; The rabbit nuisance in the mallea county,; which has been so long trifled with , ' is as suming an extent which appears’ almost in credible.' A gentlemen from : that district lately in Ballarat informed us that the qmntry : has been devastated beyond calculation by the 'posts, which, having destroyed every blade of gross, are now engaged burrowing down to the roots of the trees and stripping them; of bark. Some localities are literally hidden by the' swarms of rabbits, and they are eating selectors and squatters “ out of house and home.”. The origin of,the {plague has not, we believe, hitherto; been referred to. In the infected districts it ie stated to he due to the action of the proprietor of a rabbit’warren some considerable distance from Sandhurst, who bred the aniinals for sale in the Sand hurst market. Owing to the influx of rabbits by rail into that city prices became eo lew that in disgust-he broke down his fences, deserted.] the warren, and left , the .fecund animals., to. become the terrible destructive pest they have since proved themselves to be;'"'; .... Hotelkeepers in Ballarat are just now re ceiving the attention of the excise officer whose duty it is to see to the protection of the revenue and the public health. Publicans should remember that certain duties are re quired of. them with regard, to ’’the effaoement of duty, stamps upon the hogsheads of ale re ceived from the brewery, and that i their liquors must be. true to name and quality. Thera is, we learn, considerable ignorance and negligence prevalent : with regard to -the matter. : - The policy-holders in connection with the Australian Widows’. Fund Life Assurance Society will be glad to learn that their secre tary, Mr John Donaldson, receivqd news by yesterday’s mail announcing. his election as an associate of the Institute of Aetusries of Great Britain and Ireland. -...: A generous and praiseworthy act on the part of the Lai Lai Cricket Club is mooted. One of its members lately met with ah acci dent, which will preclude his active preseuce iu the field for some time to come. ; To show their appreciation of and reßpect for their dis abled : brother it is contemplated by; the members to get up a concert and ball, the pro ceeds of which will bs handed to him as a solatium during his illness. Rain is not favourable, we learn, to the rabbit killiog operations in the districts where the plague abounds, as it causes the young grass to shoot, and the rabbits prefer; the suc culent herbage to the poisoned oats which they are prepared to eat when no grass'is about. The writ for the election of a member to serve in the Assembly for North Melboure will, wa lawn by telegram, be issued on Monday next.,, Our Melbourne correspondent telegraphs the announcement that Mr Mirams has resigned the secretaryship of the Reform League. . A party of sportsmen, viz., Messrs Keys, of Surface Hill hotel, T. Mitchell, jun., and W; Campbell, on shooting bent, proceeded to the Green Swamp on the Mount Bute station, and succeeded in bagging twenty-six geese, one swan, and twenty waterhens; not bad for such a day as Tuesday last. We regret to learn that Mr Michael Joseph Kennedy, late ledger-keeper in the Ballarat branch of the Bank of New South Wales, died an the 24th iqßt. at the residence of his. parents, Leigh road, after a long and. painful illness. His body will be brought by train to Ballarat this morning, and the funeral will leave the Western railway station at JO-flO for the place of burial, the Learmoptb Cemetery. A meeting of the members of the . Beaufort Agricultural Society was held yesterday, wlieu it was decided that the holding of the annual show be left an open question for the present. • A valedictory meeting was held in the Wes leyan Schoolroom, Magpie, last Friday evening, the object being to say good-bye to Mr John Nairn, who is leaving for South Australia. Mr Ifairn has spent mpst of his life in Magpie, and aqccepdpd in gaining the respect and psteem of all. He has accepted an offer made to him through the Rev. J. B. Stepenson, the president of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference, to go as a home missionary, his sphere, of labour being the Hanson circuit, about 85 miles north-east of Adelaide. This is intended to ho but a prelioiinary step tp the tuU Werfe pf t})e rqinjqtry, ryhiph, if successful in his examinations during this year, he wjll enter upon as a probationer twelve mouths hence, The proceedings of Friday evening were commenced by a tea, of which a good number partook. The meeting afterwards was presided over by Mr T. Tregurtha, the of thp Sabbath- sql}ao|, tho attendance being very large, The ohnirman mentioned having known Mr Nairn from a boy, referred to his plodding, studious habits, hjs long connection with the Sabbath-school, both 4 scholar qpd tpacfier, flurjqg which his efforts had bgen most qntiring to benefit t'bfioepomnjitted'tg flis garg, hja acgpptaWp llß d successful work as a lqpal preacher for some ypars past, concluding by congratulating him an the work now opening out to him, and wishing him every success therein. Messrs Joseph Williams, J. Richards, W. H. Hicks, and others followed in a similar laudatory strain. To Mr George Duck, who for many years oooupied the position of State sohool teacher at Magpie, was entrusted the present ing to Mr Nairn ol “ Dr Pope’s Compendium of Theology,” in ' 3 vole,, on behalf of the Sabbath-school, which be did in most fitting terms. The recepient, in acknowledgment, expressed his gratitude to hia old friends for the kindly remarks made concerning him,' and for their valuable and appropriate gift. He keenly felt separating from them, but the step was not taken without due deliberation: and after consultation with-friends whose advice and counsel he highly valued. The meeting passed off most successfully, being characterised throughout by a real hearty feeling of ad miration and esteein for the subject. Mr Nairn leaves Magpio’on Saturday, and enters on his new duties on the Becond Sabbath in question. , The Half-way House on the Smythesdale road, belonging to jilr; Henry Wrathall, of Geelong, was brought tsi the hammer yester day, and knosked down to Mr p. H. Milne for the 6um of £325. ■ The list of Smythesdale County Court cases set down for hearing on the Ist April contains only five plaints, the smallest number on record. : An old fellow named'Thomas Short, who has achieved , a notoriety as a snapper up of any trifles upon which he can lay his hands,, made a nice distinction: in the phases of guilt in appropriating property during the hearing of a charge of larceny, heard at the City Court yesterday. Short, who is a.hawker, on the 3th inßtant, discovered on one of the seats of the Western railway station a parcel, containing clothes which had bean-left for a few minutes, by a young man named M’Nally, whilst he was absent in the refreshment room. Forth with he carried the goods to Mr Spielvogel and pawned them. Within an hour Detective Hyland had discovered the fact of the pawr ing, but could not discover the offender. Yes terday, however, Mr Spielvogel saw him, and gave Hyland the necessary information, enabling him to effect hiscapture. The rascal, however, could not be got to recognise his action as theft, but persistently refused to plead guilty, as “he had only found the things and pawned them." The bench failed to see the point of extenuation in the plea, and sent the prisoner to gaol for a month. It may not be generally known to hotel keepers and vendors of the new cordial, vigorine, which has lately come into vogue, that the liquor is highly explosive. On Wed nesday, which, it will bo remembered, was a very hot day, a bottle standing upon the shelf of an hotel in Sturt street was shattered into fragments by the force of the gas the vigorine contains. It is necessary to give this caution, as the cordial, being in a bottle of lighter glass than that used for other aerated water bottles, is more likely to explode. / A special church meeting was-.called ; last Wednesday evening to accept tenders for the new Congregational Church, -Dawson street. The recommendation of the deacons, viz., that only, the first part of the building,-se.,-to com plete the Mair atreet elevation, and the inside portion of tho building, leaving the front and spire for some future occasion, was considered. 1 The cost of the above work would be £2050.- A strong feeling was shown against the- dis figurement of this part of the town by a tem porary front, and it was contended that the present was a most favourable time for erect ing a “church, and that the whole design, at a cost of £3400, should be completed. An amendment to this effect was proposed by Mr. Reeves. Eventually the deacons modified their motion, and it was unanimously carried that the tenders for the first portion be ac cepted, and that a strong committee be formed to thoroughly canvass the district to endeavour to raise sufficient funds to justify the comple tion ef the-design.. One-hundred pounds was: promised at the meeting on this condition. A committee was then formed, with Mr J. L. Reeyes sb secretary. The meeting then ad-; journed for one month, when the matter will; be finally ‘accepted. The members' of'the: church trust the public of Ballarat will assist; -them to the utmost -of. their .power :in their; endeavours to erect a church which will be a: credit to'Ballarat. . A bush-fire which caused a great deal of loss to farmers took place on the Lal Lal side of Williamson’s Creek, in the vicinity of Clarendon, on Wednesday last. It was first seen to break out on the banks of the creek opposite the Clarendon Cemetery, where a plentiful supply of withered grass and other consumable material soon caused it to assume such dimensions as to attract the attention of farmers and others around Clarendon. Will ing hands ;were soon on the scene, but'not before the homestead of Mr Ryder was in imminent danger. The fire ran up the trees with lightning speed, and the: high.wind blow-' ing carried ‘a portion of the fire on to the roof. Mrs Ryder-.was the . only occupant.‘fit the moment, and but for .- the, timely, arrival . of assistance. the - house must iUevitably- have been cousumed. -: The loss on this farm , was confined principally to fences and grass. The adjoining farmer, Mr' Macdonald, - suffered considerable ' loss in fences and grass. 50...'., fierce,: was' ' the fire here ..' that: but for the 7 assistance - so - timely rendered the dwelling must have been destroyed., Mr Kelsall, of Buninyong, very generously sent out his employees working at the Burnt Budge establishment, and they all worked with commendable energy in preserving the property of their neighbours from the fiery element. The latest account said that the fire crossed the creek, still carrying everything before it, and was travelling in the direction of Blue Bridge and Burnt Bridge. It was reported on Thursday that Messrs Kelsall and Blake are great sufferers, their fences on the east side of Clarendon having been destroyed. If the fire be not already subdued the change in the weather on Thursday would be welcomed with gratitude by many struggling farmers in the line of the fire. The vacancy', in.the management of-the Smythesdale' branch of the Union,. Bank, caused by the removal of Mr Waymouth, will (the local paper atates) be filled by Mr Ander son, who is now stationed at Maryborough. Mr Anderson will arrive at the beginning of next week, and. in the meantime Mr Adams, relieving officer, is in charge. - A gentleman residing in the Smythesdale district informs the Grenville Advocate that he very narrowly escaped , being swindled by the quondam “Rodanow Watch; Company." He had written an order for watches, and stamped the envelope, and was only waiting to enclose a draft, when the exposure of ; the fraud-in the newspapers warned him in time, and saved his money. Our Smythesdale correspondent writes: “• Mr John Keith made his appearance'again in the reading-room of the Smythesdale Me chanics' Institute on Saturday, last, not in his own proper person, not through the medium of our spiritist friends, who are re puted to be able to call forth at will spirits from the vasty deep, but in the material but slander proportions .of a very admirable and striking likeness of the. deceased, gentleman, taken from a photograph, but considerably' en larged, in the possession of Mr: Joseph Reith. The, likeness is uncommonly lifelike, and Ita execution and finish reflect the highest credit upon the accomplished artist, Mr Richards, of Ballarat.’’ - ■ The returns of traffic cn the Victorian railways for the week ending 17th March, ..show a total , for the.week of £29,262 Ss lld theAorrespondiug amorint'for last year being £25.246 4s 4d. ; The aggregate to date from Ist July wer0.£1,031,408 lls lOd, and the cor responding date of last year £939,092 19s 2d. The weekly average for thirtylseven weeks was £27,875 18s 2d, as against £25,380 17s JQd last year. The number of miles of railway open-were 1186 in eaohyear, . .. Tho usual meeting of the Exoelsior Female Tent, No. 7,1,(XR., was held at the Societies’ Hall last night) the S.M. Sister Rosa Langley presided. One candidate. proposed at last meeting for membership was balloted for, eleoted, and duly initiated and welcomed into the tent. The balance-sheetß for past quarter and auditors' report were received and adopted. The present state of the funds is as follows: §ick and funeral, £6O 6s 24d; contingent fund £l4 0s 2Jd; total, £74 6s sd. Qne prominent feature in connection with tfle tent is, that no sick Pay has required for the past twelve months. Votes of thanks were accorded to Br M'pallum and Br A. Reyejs, of f(o. 18 Tent, for auditing the hooks. Rome accounts were passed for payment, and the meeting was then closed by the S.M. at 9 o'clook. Some of opr neighbours, supporters of Hr Sainßbury, seem (writes the Tarrangower Times) to be much too deeply concerned over the part we took in reference,to the late contest and consider that we overstepped the bounds we have hitherto taken at elections. v t wa> told'Us on previous oacas(ons the Times, stood MB°l 9V merely suggested who would moat hkely proye the best m»t) for Maldon. Wo WUI at oqc§ admit the errnr of our ways, and that we did go in “tooth and nail for M Intyre Now, we will ask those who are ioolined to carp at us, whether on any previous, election on Maldon the £,ll forehand part presence of the Ministry & power, add to this the Government whip, and certain rag and botHe gatherers in disguise, together with the I* 1 l° ur ° al f. attemptedtu hound down a candidate {. Jfo| gw time for. ua to throw off any restraint and fearlessly sup* port the candidate who came forward to fight the good fight of constitutionalism against all the terrorism 'of Berryism. Our Bide was right against might, and the part we took was endorsed by no less than 695 electors. We .have- nothing to retract and nothing to regret. The Police Gazette this week contains the following notifications:—“Stolen from the vestry of St. Patrick’s Cathedral,Ballarat, on the 24th February, a nearly new leather portman teau, about 2 feet 6 inehesby lfoot 6inches,con taining a soutane, a surplice, a clerical cap, a Breviary,.and a visitation book, value £l2, the property of Father Fennelly.”—“Stolen from tbe person of John Taylor, tailor, 263 Sturt street, Ballarat, on the an English gold siguet ring, much worn; value 20a.* 1 — “ Charles,Pigaro absconded from tbe licensed service of Wm. Neal, dairyman, Alfredton, on the night of the 15th inst. Description:— Fifteen years of age, 5 feet. 6. incheß . high, medium build, sallow complexion, blue eyes, and black hair;'a native of Adelaide; parents reside at Clunea; tatooed on both arms.** The Rye correspondent of the Telegr ajph, writing on Wednesday night, says:—“A woman named Gates, living here, on Saturday last left three children in her house while she went to transact some business. During her absence the house caught fire, but by the presence of mind of the eldest girl, a girl not three years of age, the children'escaped with their lives. This child, unable to reach the latch, got the poker and lifted it, and escaped with the two younger children. They then appear to have made for tho bush, where they were found asleep. The fire is supposed to have occurred through a foul chimney. - Had not th exercised such presence of mind, (fcpT cutea of them must have been burnt with the building.’* The Piverine Herald , under the heading “ A Philanthropist/' has the following:—“ Accord ing to the utterances of a man named James Mayne/in the Echuca Police Court, he is of a class seldom met with io these degenerate days. t Mayne proceeded against a Kaoyapella publican' for Sunday trading. The informer stated that he was a farmer living at Myrniong, near Ballan, Ballarat district, and solemnly Bwore that he brought the case solely in the interests of the public, without hope or ex* pectation of fee' or reward of any kind, and with the full intention of taking all risks iu case of defeat upon himself. It is needless to say that this statement, with others made by the same individual, caused a smile (apparently emanating from incredulity) to appear on the faces of many , in court: . The climate of Ballan must be largely charged with beneficial qualities to produce such a first water bene factor to his country.**— Woodend water has now, it appears (says the Kyneton Guardian), to the impurity of the .San Yean, become an - article • of' .com-: merce in Melbourne. Mr Dixon, who obtains it from the Government tank at Woodend, advertises it for sale in quantities from a hogß head to a quart. It seems that the Govern ment appreciate a good article, although they are so unwilling to pay for We are in*; formed by a gentleman in Woodend that arrangements are being made for supplying several of the Government offices with this water till such time as the Tan Yean again becomes drinkable.' - We regret to observe announced in the Kyneton Guardian that the Rev. Father’ O’Callaghan, Roman-Catholic priest, of Gis borne, died at the Presbytery there on Friday last, at the early aga of tbirty.niue. The rev. , gentleman has been in.charge of the .Gisborne parish for several years, and was universally] respected for his piety andr good works.- * The: funeral of deceased took place on. Sanday r last, and was attended by a large concourse, who, testified by their' presence the respect enter tained for the deceased; : ‘ ' The action of the Government in depriving the-State schools of this district of a local singing-master has (Bays the Geelong Times)■. been much commented upon.' At-present the Geelong schools are visited by a singing- master: from Ballarat—a Mr Rennie. Now, this gentle- i m in is a most competent- official, but his time is so much occupied that he cannot devote that - : attention to Geelong schools that is requisite. For instance, .during the last, three mouths he has only been able to visit some schools three times, and others four times. Now, a lesson in singing once a'mouth ia of no use whatevor, and the result is that children are' not re ceiving any practical teaching in tliat arL The teachers themselves are: o£ opinion that- : a lea son.should be given at least once a-.week;- ; * We commend the matter .to the attention of. our Parliamentary representatives and our local boards of advice. This 13 another "example of false retrenchment, lb is Understood., (writes the Gippsland Times) that the Ministfrinl proposal to cut down the municipal grants in aid will meet with very strong, opposition, on both sides of tbe Assembly. , k »Tbe ? - municipal grant was £310,000 per annum, derived .from tbe .land fund; and hitherto''expended upon permanent works, - Of this sum a proposed reduction of £llO,OOO wouldjleave £200,000;-'-that ; ia ( the proportiou of the old grant derived from the land fond. and; appropriated ; to railway,; con struction* throughout , the country. distrietß. But, inasmuch as ib is proposed that this sum of £200,000 shall be allowed to lapse also, the days of municipalities are dwindling to their shortest space, unless steps in to prevent such a ruinous catastrophe—which Mr Berry, mistaking simple arithmetic for financial science,- would produce with a stroke of his pen. r:> A geutleman who was admiring a trophy in Mr C. K. Pearson’s shop. on Wednesday, in which was the. figure.,,of a fox, narrated, (says the Geelong Times) a. singular .encounter he witnessed ‘at k Cunnewarre a day or two .ago between aneagteaud a fox. A large'eagle was hovering about, evidently watching something on terra firma. In a few. moments it made a swoop and rose in the air with a fox in its talons. A desperate fight ensued in the air, and eventually the-bird dropped its prey. Nothing daunted, the eagle continued holer ing about, and the fox carefully eye' -0 g jfc attempted .to' sneak away. The made another swoop, and again rose with the fox and carried it some distance. Tha aame battle ensued, and the fox was again dropped near some bushes. These afforded cover, and the fox seeing his opportunity scampered off as fast as his legs would carry him and even tually escaped. The gentleman followed them over for two miles. The fight waa a very determined one. J ... Special cablegrams to the Argusconrev the information that Russia has appealed to the several European Governments to assist her in crushing - the organisation under which the ÜB ® infernal machines is increasing so seriously. Mr .John Buskin, : the great art critic, who is sixty-.two years of age, ia seri ously ill. A seditious speech recently delivered by Mr ftiUon, member for Tipperary, is engag ing the attention of the Crown law officers, with a view to his prosecution. .. Mr MTntyre has- (says the Argus) com*- menced to matters lively for the Minis, try, 2e notice on Wednesday of questions the object of which. is ■ td ascertain, why. the Minister- of Mines bad- Minister of Public Works invaded the Maldon district during the recent election' contest. Mr . calls attention to the circumstance and that ’ Mr H. R. ■ Wriliatns is the author -of. a.resolution declar ing . that for ■ Ministers to- use their 'powers, directly or indirectly, 1 to iufiuenco an election th® freedom of. the realm;-* - ■ The; Minister; of Education" continues (says ; the Aryus) to suffer - from • ill-health. He pur- P.® 8 ®?. leaving. Melbourne by - the s.s. Arawata : on Tuesday next for a trip to New. Zealand, ; returning in-tbreft or four weeks* time. . The result# 6E the examinations held on .Saturday arid Monday,last for the scholarships offered in connection . with the Ormond Col* lege were - made known on Wednesdays' No. less than eight scholarships were open for com- : petition, some being entirely free without dis tinctioua of any. kind, whilst to others con ditions had been attached by donors. Of the four open scholarships of £5O each, tho first, given by Mr - W. Taylor, wub gained by J, W. R State school exhibitioner at the Scotch College* M*Cay, who ia just sixteen yearß of age, also gained the classical exhibition at.the University, and was equal in the mathe matical exhibition, having by his ability secured exhibitions equal to £123 10s a year,- The second scholarship, given by Mr W. Cum* ming, attached to which was the condition that competitors must be native-born. Australians,- was gained hy Rarrowalougb, Weiley College, Thq Alexander Wilson scholarship was ob tained by Alexander Gillespie, Geelong Col legej and the Moore scholarship by Royce, Wesley College. There wo?e aba four scholar-. #hips given for theological students attending the University, one open to all the others confined to the sons of Preabvfcprian clergymen. The first, given by Mr Wm Russell WTO by S. tha second, gnren h, Mr C. Officer, by Nisb, Geelong Qolkgej tho.thjrd R.yoa by Mr J. L. CnrrieT by Eobertson Geelong Gollegej and the fourth given by Mr Haoßain, M-L-0., by Meek. !r«?I examiners. Professor Strong and Mr M‘ Far latd (bead of Grmond- College), Kgre'. that *WOg to «, mua^rohensioß® Godaal),,bf th. Hawthorn Grammar ~ for the Latin examination, and thi.l? '. oter chance of a scholarship, which hia nth* 011 ahowed that he would probably h?' 1111116,1 There are still four scholarship. to\» Won for, exclusively for theological B t„ d '°“P et «4 notice concerning which will he a n d will be seen that the Geelong Colle|a t 1) the honour of securing three out of tl,„ T scholarships. c *ue eigtit One would imagine (says the J> n , r that the days of “haunted oyer, but it appears it is not so, asSt=„?. era possessed of one of these curiosities * it is situated is at present for various “ l » kept a secret, but that it i, “ hann? 0 ??, in the most approved manner there - room for a shadow of a doubt, Even th “ 0i sceptical came away convinced afterV®" 1 In the first place, two owners have died J??’ house, and one of them it is whispered rather close. That he made money W.’”* rally known, but it never saw the inside 8 '? 6, bank. Tet, strange to say, when ha a- ? there was no hoard of gold unearthed s„ i other demises have taken place in the h* and the present occupants have alsohst „!?' of their children. As soon as dark art-' mysterious noises commence, as thouvh all furniture were loose, or rather, as thooeh It walls and floors were inhabited by people.” Occasional groans are heard ,1a noises that cannot be compared to anyth; human. Nothing has yet been seen but it B residents are nightly expecting somethin* th,? may elucidate the mystery. At pr.sent iW are “all expectation,” but so unpleasant h. J the scuflings and knockings and other become that the occupants sit up nntill o’clock every morning, when the interruntL. usually cease. To say the least of it ,“ . experiences are unpleasant, and if any ?■ creant is taking advantage of the honejcJmCi nature of the ground in the vicinity of house to play a practical joke he has certain?? a great love for it to continue his persecuhV. till such a late hour. If this be the came the offender is discovered, a very 6 e P{rfl punishment should be] meted out to h;™ “ We tell the tale as ’twas told us," .ud\ eH . the public. , ; to judge as to its accuracy or otherwise; but our informant was certainly in earnest in what he Baid... Measles, which began to., appear in j a epidemical form about a fortnight ago in acj around Portland, is still (says the Guardian present among ns. Since Monday several cey cases. haye occurred. Medical authorities anticipate no serious results from the" visitation of this disease, since it has come in a very mild form. Two ruffianß, who caused a Echuca, were brought before tbe local coeit and one sentenced to three months’ impress ment and the other to Bix months’ solitude is default of payment of £lO and £2O fines’re. spectively. The . defendants (the Sivaint Herald states) are low-looking ruffians. Dill is well known in Melbourne and Beech worth asi Fisher hails from' Ballarat. Senior-constable- Nedwell received very rough treatment is arresting Dill, a desperate fellow, who throttled him and threw him on his head on -the foot, path. Mr Dadson,'One of the Queensland Exhibi tion Commissioners, 'was in Stawell on Wed nesday (reports the P. C. Ncws), in order to try and induce a few minors to go to the ■Wallaroo copper mines and work there on the tribute system. About; one hundred minere ! a number of whom are out of employment attended on Wednesday night at Simpson's Commercial hotel, where Mr Dadson is staying to hear him explain' the inducements that offered.- He stated that the company had carried on' operations for some time until a heavy fall in tho price of copper rendered treating the ore unremunerative. A large amount of prospecting was then done, and further fields opened out, at which the miners: could work. The price of copper having rises,, he now desired to engage for the company 200' miners, . forty of whom he wished to obtain, from' Stawell. . .The company would' advance the passage money for those who accepted his offer from Melbourne to Wallaroo, provided they reached Melbourne by means of their own money, the sum thus advanced to be paid: back by the miners from their wages. Should, any of them desire it the company would re fund them their passage money to Melbourne when they took passage for Wallaroo, this sum to be repaid in the same way as the other. Ha explained that he did not wish to speak of the employment as anything great, the men en gaged at the mine having earned an average of £2 Os 9d per man each week. This would la according to the ability of the miners, some of whom would earn perhaps as -much as £3;. whilst others earned considerably less than the average.:' None of' the minera present'os- Wednesday night- agreed to accept the offer,, but .. several of them promised to think file matter over and endeavour to 'influence those who were out of work-to" close in with' the-- terms offered. . . . . We learn from the Argus that Mr Octavius’ Langtree, .who. designed and carried out the- Cluneb'" Waterworks, and. recently designed local waterworks for Albury and Wsgg, Watrga, has been elected’an associate member of the -Institute of Civil Engineers, WuS minster. With regard to the vacant saat for Nor Melbourne (it is stated by the Tdcgp*pi' jjj James Munro is definitely annbuoueds r rjaiizz forward in the Ministerial iu barest jj r John Anderson announces his inter' -' n r ing in the ; liberal intwe.;, ‘ Tha OODSlita . tionalists are not idle, fh hlVa Mt jet named therr man. thor the / have two Ter y able gentleman ta V , e *f eitb J ot „ hom woa! d receive a very aup ’ polf ._ . In cohsequr nca n £ co:l tro7crsy which h at pretext/going on regarding the quality of !5. a . i .:® rjo from the Stawell quarries, the • -er for Public Works has caused it to be not *fied‘ that samples of Grampian stonfl forked and unworked, may be seen at the back of Parliament House. This stone has Oeeu there for two years, and tho tenderers for tne completion of House. were in* formed when preparing their contract?, tbit the quality would have to be equal to those blocks. Atthe recent examination held in STtry* borouglx for general: science, Mr Hewy Winkles, hood teacher of the Adelaide Lead State school; and: formerly tencher in the Bal larat was (says the Standard) a sue* ces&fuji; candidate. Mr Winkles baa received word from, tho Education Department, in* forming him that, having passed, he will he awarded the new* certificate for science. -Tkc subject taken was chemistry. The friends of Mr Jobu M'Coll, BA r formerly a resident of Goelong, wili'(the Tuaif remarks) be glad to learn that at a meeting of the trustees of the Maryborough Gramm# School he was appointed head master. , Foe the first time in the history of oor Univexsity (says the Telegraph) the examine tic-fl. (or "exhibitions at matriculation has tbfr year been open to .female candidates, and we are.glad to notice that the Btep taken has been justified by the fact that a young lady bar gained the exhibition fur English, French,- geography, and history, and that another has* bo distinguished herself iu tbe same competi tion as to gain honourable mention. Both are pupils of the Presbyterian Ladies* College. Mibs Anna-, Higgins, the fortunate winner of the prize; and consequently the first lady, who has gained such a distinction iu A«strali»i gave an earnest of the signal ability she has displayed on this occasion by passing th® matriculation examination two years a«o with credit. . The other lady referred to is Miss , Higgins, sister of the above-named. \- The radicals are (says the Kyneton Guar dian) awfully thin- skinned. Bishop Moorhoui*?* preached at Elmore on Sunday week, and ut the course of his sermon spoke of the lilt*®' weight which was given to character cosaparid : to what should be the case. He said that even* tin the choice of a representative thought more of one glib in promise* hut bankrupt in reputation than of a man chary o£ profession but sure of performance, and. who bad the guaranty of a consistent c/reer I°* offer for the fulfilment, of his pledges. H® .Lordship spoke, generally and degree of earnestness, but the Bendigo Im pendent, iooited thereto by i\ s Elmore corres pondent, took bis - B*to bo offensively applicable to the Berry - pa ; ty accused the bishop of_preaoh,Dg; olitical sermon- T?* peppla of Elmoie kr- ld mß eting, under U>» of Mr Thos . Dow ling, andeen‘ » letter to the II nd dcnt Bta ,; og that «>« commrnta of. ' that paper and those of ootr .espondent' were wholly « „ ranted by-'anything the bishop had -h will jjoqd b a impossible for clergymen topr tha ftp'ostney of- Judas or tbe deuial^ 0 , Apoat. ie Peter of hie Lord without their nocu.aed of having a .sly wipe nt f^ l9 Two or three weeks ago (says the JDatily Telegraph) an advertisement upP ert . the Sydney tind Melbourne new*pap era ! W. M‘lndoe, offering to swim anyone colony for a wager of £5O or £lOO am championship of New South - a *h a t boldened probably by the o9 his proposal evoked no response, Mr went a step; further, and named Mr v° .'the. hon..secretary of the Port Jackson • ining Club, in hia challenge, Btating » nas was not accepted within a week, he “should consider himself the champion of New South ■Wales.” He might, of course, ounaider him gelt the champion of the North Pole if he chose, but would anybody else consider him entitled to the distinction ? If he is anxious for honours in New South Wales the oppor tunity is open to him to compete for them. £ challenge cup is swam for every year, and Hr M'lodoe has the same privilege as anyone else to enter, but ha cannot earn his laurels by stopping at home and publishing fancy chal lenges. It happens, however, that Mr Crrbett Jua confidence in his ability to uphold the honour of New South Wales, and that he haß accepted the challenge of this Victorian Leander to swim half a mile for £5O a side. ’More than a week ago he telegraphed his ac ceptance, but instead of the match being at once arranged, Mr H'lndoo avoided it by pro posing conditions respecting the payment of his travelling expenses and other charges. As the matter Btauds, therefore, Mr Corbett is entitled to consider himself tho best man of the two—if not in swimming, at least in coming up to the scratch. A telegram to the Argus states that an im portant salvage case has occupied the attention of the Vice- Admiralty Court in Sydney, during the last two days, arising out of an accident to the s.s. Wotonga, belonging to the A-S.N. Com pany, on Bth June last. The Port Jackson Steamboat Company were the plaintiffs, and claimed £l2OO salvage. Bespondents paid £lOO into court in satisfaction of the claim. The case disclosed the facts that the Wotonga left for Melbourne on Bth June at 5 p.m., and •that two hours later, whan in a heavy south west sea off Botany Heads, she lost all the hlade3 of her propellor, and had to bear up to the Heads for assistance. The pilot steamer Captain Cook answered the signals for assis tance, but having broken her warps in attempt ing to tow the disabled vessel, and at the same time sustained injuries to her bulwarks, stanchions, &e.;, returned to port, and reported the matter, first to the captain pf the steamer Coonanbara, and then to the master of the plaintiffs' Bteam tug Commodore. The latter boat got a hawser on board the Wotonga, and when a little more steam was put on, a quarter of an hour later, the tow liue was carried away. In response to the request of the defendant, the captain proceeded back to Sydney for a new hawser. The Wotonga was picked up next morning 15 mileß toE N.E. of the Heads, or eight miles off Broken Bay, and was towed into port It was alleged that she was at the mercy of the wind and waves, and in danger of being driven on shore in the event of a change of wind. The responsive allegation set forth that the skip was perfectly- manageable under canvas, and bad other sails besides those set It was further contended; ; that the service was in the nature of ordinary towage, and that £lOO, which had been paid into court was sufficient remuneration. His Honour Mr Justice Windeyer decided that the services rendered would not be considered ordinary towage, and gave a verdict :for plaintiffs for £2OO. Farmers at Woodebd and Springfield are (reports tho Gua-dian) making great com plaints of the effect of the frost on the potatoes. It appears that in many, cases the'tops have been entirely cut down, and all prospect of a good return destroyed. Some: of the crops along the railway line are very much.blighted. This is all the more, to be regretted, as the reports from the Warrnambool district fore shadow an abundant crop, so that in addition to the iailure of the crops here the prices are likely to be low. The continued dry weather is also doing great injury to the potatoes. We desire to again call attention to the fact that to-night the benefit tendered to Mr J. H. Jenkios by the ladies and gentlemen chorus, and orchestra—concerned in the produc tion of “H. M.S. Pinafore” at the Academy of Music and Alfred Hall, will take place at the latter place. The opera will to-night bo pro-, duced for the last timoby the talented and well instructed company which Mr Jenkins got to gether, and it is due to that gentleman that his skill, arduous exertions, and praiseworthy motives in producing tho opera should bo recog nised by tho public. In addition to the opera a famous Scottish dancor will dance the Highland fling in costume to tho accompanimentof tho St. Andrew’s Society’s piper. Thousands of Ballarat people have not yotsocn this clever amateur com pany perform, and wo advise them uot to lose this final opportunity. The benefit is under the direct patronage of, tho Prince of Wales Light. Horse, and will have the support of the two fire brigades. A meeting of the Albion Imperial Football Club will be held this evening at the Mallow hotel, 8 o’clock. The committee of the Windermere Fire Belief Fund are requested to meet at Mr J. Noble Wilson’s office, Camp street, on Saturday, at 1 o'clock The sufferers by the fire are to attend at the City Hall on tho same day at half-pastl o'clock. .‘ ’ > ! ’ ‘ - • Owing to the change in the weather the sub scription picnio. proposed by the Ballarat. Water Commission has been indefinitely postponed. - , AH hotelkeepers wishing to take part in the crioket match are requested to meet at the Eastern Oval to-dny at 11 o’clock. The members of the Ballarat Troop aro notified in our advertising columns that they muster to-day at their usual rendezvous (Craig’s) to nroceed to Royal Park for official inspection by Major Caleb" Anderson, and for sword competi tion immediately afterwards. Members are also reminded that their carbines are to be left at the office for inspection same day. Every member is expected to be present. Mr Perraton, the conductor of the singing class recently commenced in connection with the Mechanics’ Institute, announces that he ha3 pjedo arrangements to alter the night of meet ing, and in future the class will meet every Monday evening, commencing next Monday. 