= THE ABOTHEOSIS OF THE SQUAirES. TJsdxb the above heading k • Werld of September 28, in which "» clearly -tare the "fine Boman band' °^e ?£"v"a ' -genial gentleman who ra recently at the head ' of the " Queensland Hanrard 6|£? • numerous friends on this ado •mil be glad.to see t*-»t his hand has lost none of its canning, "nor hia-eye any of its power oUroen, clear ' ^iaocwunaUoa amid the foga and feoM of tte ' old north, land to which he toa gone back. The following U the article saferttd to. • ' « Hmthendenhae at last fonnd an occupant ' In Sir Samuel Wilson, the Australian million aire, who has. teased the mansion nutil Loti \--.BeaconrfidA'* heit comes of age- In clA.timee Mr Disraeli lavad to sneer at succeeiful colo ' (lists, who, after ' fleecing a thousand flocks, -• nought seats in the House, I. is hardly hkeJy> ~r is the lord of ■ Hughenden oaat sidelongglances -at,Messrs. Howe and Childers that he ever '.dreamt of a sheep king yawning in the rooms ••'where he had entertained Bsyalty andhood V- winked squires. Howover, as report has it -that the qcondam owner of .EroUdoone has "paid handsomely for the hononr of dating his fetters from the Mecca of Toryism, there M no likelihood Out Sir Samuel will he disturbed Jty the- trate wraith of his predecessor. - Indeed, .compromising a ' Gonatttutionaiutf as the dative Councillor for the western district ictoria .may be inclined to eontmne • the itioris'of;the -place hy_ battling ,for tke ' * interest in London, instead of m am ; Still'' a middle aged man—twenty vrare vbubser that the: Prime MinUter-Sir i-SamnriWileon baa run a wondrotulyencaaefri career "He is an Irishman, who, thirty years landed in Melbourne with no better eqoip . iiirent for the battle of life than a slender knowr iiledjte of mathematics and a four years appren • -I-tieeship-,to the flsx-spinning business. • As sccompliihment wis in demand m Aps the raw gossoon; from BsDycloughau togoldidigging. Nuggets feUtohurodcer, iriurthe dust he bought sheep; and nn "did ho hny sheep than the rare fell, the pain grew, and wool mid mot*™ '" 'Tin up and kept.up, until Joseph hronght ont ''•'his two eider brothers. Investing inreal '"is'in Victoria,' and 'run_ -^interestsin ' a and New Bonth Wales,; everything I turned to money, until, : to'play the1 pious founder,' he renin ['to-toss thirty thousand pounds to Jlel e University, without seriously disturbing •balance at his bankers. A rich man, he is a'to amuse himself with hobbies. Indeed, one of these bo owes his knighthood; for -" had not' Sir Sam* taken a fancy to naturalise vi'Ithesalmon in Australian rivers, and a -'• ■book about .bis wondrous fish- pondB at Ercri •-i'doune. the chances are that to day be wonln \- fckye been as far from the Atheneum Club as " the-.CampbeUs, M'Leans, Tysons, and other v ' pastdral sovereigns, whose fleecy subjects are ■"'bbhhted by the balf- million, and before whom ' caitiffs with wretched little flocks of fifty iS thonsand bow. humbly in Macqoarie street and r.'the Biverina. ^ squatter was at one time understood to 'bo a disreputable individual, who lived on the outskirts of the penal settlements of hew Booth XiWsltVsnd was'chiefly employed in stealing the cattle of more law-abiding personages-To -'dar heis tho leasee of immense tracts of Crown " '•land, not immediately required by purchasers, over which graze his wealth in the shaps of '-•'endlere flocks of sheep and herds of cattlo. It • is' the squatter's mansion which the traveller 'sees the moment he leaves the thinly scattered : -Australian towns; and before heis long in 'the Colonies' he learns to regsrd him as the type of the Antipodean aristocracy. In the club at • Melbourne or Sydney he finds him ail power '"fill - and if ha arrives with any kind of lotro dnction, or, indeed, withont that passport, be . wjll at a very early data be asked to share the '•'hospitality of these wealthy sheep-kings; and ' after staying at one house weeks or months will "' be passed on to another, until, as his last host ' bidshim good-bye on the wharf at Brisbane, 5 he will hardly remember who first started him ' on thesa three thousand miles of visits which "Xhe began eighteen months or two' years ago at • -'Adelaide or Melbourne. Nor, unLesa he com ■'- nuts some grievous offence, will anybody think if he'o ssary to ascertain the fact. If he can ' • billiards, cat malton, nod driok unlimited he is at home, and will have horses to ride, ii»ea to drive in, und kangaroo to hunt, return he must tolerate much talk about the e of wool, and listen to endleas discussions rdiog tho beet way of washing sheep, or •meet tirades again't tho knavery of ' free tors' and tbo 'radical mob' led by Mr. ■!i' Berry, Premier and publican. la many respects " these peat sheep tings are akin to- the '"English squires of last century. For ten, fifteen, or. twenty miles, every man they are likely to Come across is their dependent, and ; ' they are either actually or-virtually monarchs of "all they survey. No one is bigger than the "• 'squatter, unless it be another sqnattcr with a : greater run, ahugerfl ok, ora moro extensive '• «mob" of cattle or horrea. In other respects "the AnstralijU squatter is wil-ly different even frjm Squire Western. Ho may have been a j .noget eon, 5 successful goM digger, a butcher, a shepherd, or even that shady person age whom it is still a Sydney euphemism" to describe as * ao old hand.* . Bat in every" case he has been the architect of his own" fortune. A second generation of wealthy .squatters is as; yet rare, and the chances are that, the man whose guest you are in the hush is the first member of.his family whoiwas titled with a] cheque-boot. . . 11 The sheep-king lads, nevertheless, an. anxious life. He is almcfet invariably in debt; to the * merchant * from whom he obtains his supplies, and to whom his sheep are mortgaged. Wool may fall from two* shillings ' to sixpence: a pound; there may be a dry summer, ind, as; a consequence of no grass, sheep may be selling' at balf-a-crown a head s . or his fences may be; burnt, by bush-fires, 'or Wallabies and ;'.WiIdj horses may devour the pisttLte,"oh dingoes the; sheep; or, worst, of ail/ the rabbits may, in; spite ofstrychnifln, get the tipper hand., Then; the squatter is ruined, and the(awagman/.who' for yoara has been accustomed to' find his mut ton and damper secure at * the hut,' loams that a new man has oome, or that the old master is| simply the overseer for tbe.bahk o* the money*, lender in Melbourne. The first generation.of a squatter family is unergeiio; .the second listless. The girls are lively enough, and lovely too. They ate as self- asaertire and irreverent as any American damsel. But high intellir geuoe either in ihem or their brothers is rare J The young squatter is addioted to loafing and can speak about little save horse races, women, or the everlasting sheep. He is fond of taking ' a spell* in town, where,.' my word,* he astonishes the 4 |ackixbos,v.as he cbuteropta oanly styles the yonng Englishmen who'arrive to gain colonial experience. He is, moreover] bnmptioas and boastful to an offensive degreej and speaks of England and Englishmen in d manner which would hardly be agreeable to the effusive soula.wbp writo' 'buckum about Australian. loyalty.' Still, ""the squatterocraoy are. forming, a true country party in Australia, possessed of all . the. pre judicesand bitterness of that cultured.portion of the community. They, are building grand houses, and a certain percentage of them swarm off every year to gain a footing among the new men of England.. Herei indeed, they supply the place of the old Nabobs, though their.manners are hea'thier; than those of the yellow- faoed people who last century shook the pagoda tree and- bought boroughs with the frcit. They are also, unlike the shoddy ' and petroleum magnates of America.". For' thess are usually townsmen, and though ' purse proud,- have rubbed too much against .other olasses to retain many of their worst angulari; tie*.' ITor is the successful squatter akin to the. successful gold . or diamond digger, since he has made .his money muchymdre slowly* '.than the latter,, and thus; bV* oomo more thoroughly ingrained .vritV the peculiar enrroundings'of his trade;. Ia;Aui? tralia, a.Cross of Michael and .George is his grand ambition; 1 at home* he strives for a seat in the House of Commons., He lives in the best West End. houses; 'and if he: does not always attain the beat of clubs, he amvs their Aabituit with the strength of his conservatism —and language. Tet he sometimes wonders why he rame to England, and wearies for old: timeacn theHawkeeboryor in Galgong Ga'cH-. In Geelocg, on the banks of the Murray or the Yarra Yarra, or in the Veranda up Colllnri street, Sir.Peter Jobeon,M.L C, was somebody. In Bucks,' baronets and people with twenty thousand a year are almost as plentiful as gum trees in Gfppslaud." • -. 