) Varieties. / I heard a Bouifncc, who keeps a comfortable \ hotel not a hundred miles down the Bay, tell a / good yarn the other evening. A young fellow \ who had come into some property, and fancied / himself a bit, took np his quarters at the hotel, \ for the purpose oE having a pop at the rabbits, / which were pretty plentiful in the neighbor- \ hood. On hi? arrival he told tlie waiter to / bring him a pint bottle of "gold top." "Iam \ afraid we are out of gold top" said the waiter, / but we havesomo Moet, silver-top, capital wine, \ sir." " My good fellow," said the bloated ( capitalist, "1 never drink silver-top; if you ) have nothing better than that, I cannot re- ( main here." " I will acquaint the landlord, J sir," snid the waiter, " and see if ho has hnv left." Now suine host, who had taken stock oC I his customer, ras equal to the occasion. He had a good stock of vigorine in the house, so, l washing oil the label, in went the waiter with a bottle of gold-top, and informed the -gent l that his master had found a ease. The next few minutes was an nnxious time for that i landlord, but his mind was made easy when his customer strolled into the bar , and expressed i himself delighted with tlw "'Fizz.'' " Look here, old fellow," he said, " Don't you part with I any of that gold-top, I can polish off the case before I leave." " He remained a week," said I Boniface, and when lie paid liis bill, which Included twenty-four bottles of gold-top, at six 1 shillings a bottle, he paid mo the compliment of saying that he never drank bettor gold-top i in his life, for it did not give him the head ache." 1 The attention of our lady readers ! is directed to an announcement in our advertising columns that kilting and ' quilting in all kinds of materials is , done by the yard at the most mode rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. » They axe also desired to inspect some of the moat improved kilting machines, which are on sale at the same depot. I Gem Pobtraitb.— The young lady v who, while out sketching near Lome, ' was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem ) portrait being found aimongst the V remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- r prietor ©f the Gem Studio, Oollina- ) street eaat, opposite Age Office, has y since recognised the portrait as cine f that was taken at his studio,? about/'a » month ago. ' " ' 