THE first annual picnic of the Ballarat Miners' Association cannot be pronounced a success. Everything was done Ijy the committee to make the arrangements complete, and to secure a day of real enjoyment; and it -was certainly no fault of those who had the management of the affair that it resulted in anything else. Donations of one sort and another came in from the outside public freely. The committee ottke sssociationgave asum of money to supplement these gifts; and a moderate charge only was made for tickets. A liberal allowance was made to the caterer; and the steamboat proprietors, and the proprietors of other boats, were at their posts at the proper time to meet and fulfil their engagements. The preliminary procession was got up in a most effective style, and proved to be one of the finest displays of the kind which this town has yet witnpssed. Most of the mining companies—all for aught we know at present to the contrarydeclared the day a holiday, without making any deduction from the wages for the day; and the City payor followed suit in the same spirit. Under all these circumstances combined, the first annual picnic of the Ballarat Miners' Association should have bec-n an unqualified success, for. certainly everything was done that was possible to give it this aspect. But we regret to have to say that it eventuated quite differently to what was desired or that the exertions of the committee merited. The gathering existed only for an hour or two, when great disorder arose; and thus an effort designed to afford an abundance of enjoyment, and to give a sort of expressed vitality to the society, under whose auspices it was held, proved not only a breakdown of a most regrettable sort, but was also attended with a display of rowdyism of a most disgraceful nature. iSteamers were rushed, dinner-tables were assailed, food was destroyed, drink was consumed most recklessly, fences were torn down, fights indulged in, and havoc generally of no small kind was caused: and, to add to the disorder, it was only by a miraclc that a sericus fire noav the garden reserve was averted. These demonstrations made the whole thing a painful scene of disorder and rowdyism, and, not to put too fine a point upon it, rendered the whole affiiir a disgrace to the entire community. Visitors to the gardens yesterday morning saw a scene of ruin presented that was dep 1 jiable in the extreme, and that, under ordinary circumstances, nothing short of a hostile invasion, or the descent of a mnb of wreckers smashing up everyihiug of an apparently worthless kind in search of salvage, could have created or occasioned. The large rotunda was a complete scene of destruction and filth; the ground for scores of yards was bestrewed with broken bottles and garbage, and hardly a vestige of the fence surrounding the rotunda was left unbroken. Such is the tale that has to be told of the first annual picnic of the Ballarat Miners' Association; and anything more pitiful, or anything more intensely vexatious, cpuld scarcely be put into language, or have to be, witnessed. Now why do we place these unpleasant facts before the pablict Why do we not pass all the details of this most unpleasant event over- in silence I The reply is clear. Because justice has to be done oil the one hand, and, because, on the other, there is one recommendation to be made that cannot be withheld, in justice to the general public. The members of the Ballarat Miners' Association have to be cleared of a stigma which has been cast upon them, and which would lmdoubtedly remain if we did not say something to remove it; at the . same time the scene of last Monday has to be prevented in tl»e future; and on these two grounds we mention , this disturbance. Well, the outrages were iiot due. to tlhe members of the Ballarat Miners' Association at all These wretehed occurrences were caused by outsiders, most^ef-Jdieffl-had no business m the scene, fettiey nei£her~i>8Jd loir tickets nor were "tfiey inyited. ^ d the jfe been' confined' to the A® association, It wbuld liave paspl without (be least confuskm. wnt it was not so confined, through ^? fault it ii hard to lay; hence W w Outrages committed. 7 To cast any slur upon the Miners' Association, therefore, for the disreputable scenes; which occurred in the Botanic Gardens last Monday, would be to do not only that body, bat also the respectable portion of the adult miners of Ballarat, a keen injustice. The rowdyism was the work of a number of men and youngsters who gained admittance no one'knows how- aaad on them, therefore, and not upon, the members of the' association, or upon the Ballarat miners as a body, must lie the stigma of Hie whole of the confusion and rowdyism which happened. So much for this part of die subject, and now for the recommendation. On no account^ at any future picnic, small or large, should intoxicating drinks of any kind be allowed in the gardens. That reserve should bs conducted on thorough teetotal principles; and the City Council should spare no exertion to realise this object. The scenes oE last Monday were caused wholly by the gardens being turned into a huge beer Tshop ' free gratis for noiliing," for had the rowdies not have been maddened by drink the probability is that no outrages would have arisen: But quantities of intoxicating drinks were given to the committee for distribution free—-in- the most kindly .spirit, no doubt, but still all the same an evil—and owing solely to this cause the reserve was turned into a beargarden, instead of being the scene of sober, sensible, enjoyment. How to conduct these gardens in the future is, therefore, very clear. The taking of any intoxicating drink into them should be expressly disallowed; and a by-law should be framed and passed to make this mandate so unmistakable and potent that the violation of it would be attended with a very unpleasant rejoinder. In the interests of society as a whole, and to prevent title repetition of such a scandal as occurred last.-Monday, all this shonld be done; and the City Council will certainly be deserving of great blame if it neglects to make this provision. The two circumstances, then, for which alone we notice the sorry occurrences of last Monday, are thns established. The Miners' Association, and the miners of Ballarat generally, are not to blame for what then arose; while if this, community is to witness no repetition of such offences as then occurred, the presence of intoxicating drinks of any, and eveiy, kind in the gardens should be strictly disallowed.. This is really the moral of the whole case; and it behoves the.City Council to see that it has all the force given to it to which such very proper advice is entitled. The gardens exist for rational and sober enjoyment; and the drinl; fiend should, therefore, be expurgated from their boundaries, the better that they may realise their prise worthy object The City Council has, therefore, a plain course to pursue in this matter, -arid we hope it will in no way fail in its duty. Meanwhile, let the curtain fall upon what has just passed, for it can only be remembered with deep regret, or with anything bur a pleasant feeling. A iiEETlSG is to bs held in the assembly-room of the Alfred Hall next Friday evening, to consider the letter, anent Exhibition excursion trains, winch was publiilied in last Monday's Courii-:-. and although the matter is not of vital importance, it is still one that is deserving of some practical attention. The letter referred to war. inserted at the instance of Mr JOHN JALIES, M.L.A.; and it contained an enclosure from the general manager of the rail ways, staling that no more cheap Ex hibition excursion trains will be run from Ballarat,. as those trains other places have hot of late been successful. Therefore, unless 100 persons agree to purchase first or second class tickets at holiday excursion fares, the running of Exhibition trains from _Bal larat must be regarded as over. The contents of this enclosure are not particularly clear; but we suppose they mean that if not less that LOO persons purchase first or second class tickets at holiday excursion fares a special train will be put on to cany them to Hcl bourne and back; and as many more personscan then travel by that train, and onthe same terms, as choose to comply with these conditions. Now, in this reply there are two matters to consider, the one involving a breach of faith; the other a misapprehension which underlies the decision. As to the first, there was such a muddle made in the announcements of the only Exhibition trains which have yet run from Ballarat, that a large number of persons, -who desired to take advanta; of these trains, were frustrated in their purpose ; and this led to an announcement being made by the department tiia special Exhibition trains would be run later in the season to meet and remove this disappointment. Hence, if the department does not run these cheap Exhibition trains again, it will be guilty of a clear breach of faith to a large number of persons; and this would beastateof things which no argu ment could justify, and which we haveno hesitation in saying would be anything but courteous or honest. As to th other matter open for consideration, it is quite easy to avoid loss over second series of Exhibition trains, if the proper steps only be taken for this object. All that is nccessaiy to be done to realise this end is to fix minimum number of tickets, -at 6s for adults, and 3s for children, that must b sold, or guaranteed, before accommodation of this sort would be provided, and to make the sale, or guarantee, of this number the sole condition upon which the concession will be granted. If this sale, or guarantee, is not forthcoming then the department could withhold the trains, just the same' as if it were supplied the train or trains could be pnt on; and in either case, the department would save itself from all loss or difficulty in the matter. All this presupposes that there is room to doubt whether second series of Exhibition trains could be run from -Ballarat - without loss, which is, of course, an absurdity on the very face of it, for there is the most ample reason to know that such trains, if ran from Ballarat, would -pay the department well, even although in other cases they have been attended with failure. The point of the case, however, lies with the first reply. The department promised to run series of these trains to-inafce good its own, deficiencies in the pastj as shown above; fair to'wriggle ont of fiiB promise now. j It is not fair to jlemaaAholiday cxctraon, «... - wfaoirgfeleft feeSiindfrom their own, bat pardj ihroogil .llw want-of tact odUe part of tie department, when the first lot of - bains was run, and thus to deprive them of an advantage -to which they were justly entitled. On the contrary, any such step would be, as we have said above, i distinct breach of faith; and on this ground we must enter our protest against any such devious proceeding. Plainly, the proper course to pursue is to inn a second series of Exhibition" trains from- Ballarat at. the minimum fares,' without any. conditions being imposed; for by doing this not only will the department keep faith with * the Ballarat people, bnt we are quite sure that profitable result will flow from the act. At the-same time those persons who hare, hitherto been prevented from seeing the Exhibition through the shortcomings of the department in the past, will "have their 'desire gratified unjler very proper and just conditions. To redeem the promise made in the past is, therefore, the only decent course now open for the railway authorities to pursue; and anything else will be neither fair on the part of the Minister, nor creditable tb the department. The meeting, therefore, of next Friday evening has our support, and if Mr PATTERSON -means to do the right thing in this matter, it will certainly be attended with a successful issue. Tlie'R.M.S. Bokhara passed Cape Otway ; quarter-past nine last evening, and will reach the Heads about seven this morniog. A terrible suicide was committed yesterday, shortly after midday, in the Eastern OvaL" At about iialf-past two o'clock three little boys informed the caretaker that a man was lying on the grass at the western side "o£ the enclosure, adjoining "the Pavilion, with his l>at over his eyes." The caretaker on going to the spot found that the man was dead, and that his throat was cut from ear to ear, tbe g&sh; almost severing the bead from the body. The police were at once communicated with, and the. body identified as that of Alfred Bochfort Drew, bootmaker, carrying on business at 27 Bridge street. The body was removed to the Pavilion, where it now awaits an inquest. It appears tluit lately the deceased had not been doing well in business, and this preyed so much on his mind as to affect his reason to some extent. As far as we could ascertain, however, he had never been heard to threaten his own life. The deceased came bom bis home yestoday as usual, and opened the shop at eight o'clsck, sifter which his movements axe not precisely ascertained. He was'a married man,'but bad no family. Chung Goon, the leader of the party of Chinese who have been getting such 'good yield in the Nintiogbool Estate, Haddon, came to Sniythcsdale early 011 Tuesday morning, and stated that the managers of the Reform Company, armed with pistols, And accompanied by a number of men all armed with formidable weapons, came to His claim about three • o'clock in the morning, and forcibly dis^xiE^essed himself and mates They then niiled tie s'mft up, and threatened to shoot any of the Chinese who came on the 'round again. Chung Goon drave into Bal- Larat to consult his lawyer, and expressed his intention of getting warrants for the arrest of the ringleaders in the attack. The portion of the Nintsngbool Estate oil which Chung Goon's claim is situated was leased to the Reform Company, br.t it wac understood that the company had abandoned tbe lease, and that tbe owner had re-let ihe ground to the Chinese on a royalty of lOperccnt. However, the action of the Refonn Company in taking possession'of the gioaiid will probably lead to the question of title to the ground being brought before tliclaw court;-. A- magisterial enquiry was bold at Cusaek's TTarrealieip hotel, Leigh Creek, yesterday, before Messrs Smith and Hogan, J.P., as to the cause of death of Thomas Shields, which occurred about half- past eight o'clock on Monday morning. From the evidence of Edward .Siiehan a male of deceased, ippeared that they were engaged stonereating on the Melbourne road, near Leigh Creek, and oecupiciTtUc same but. Deceased worked and appeared the same as usual all flay Saturday. Upoa retiring to bad between eight and n : ne, hov.-evcr, be complained ci severe paics in the pit of the stomach. Witness vc fcirn some brandy and cayenne pepper, which causal him to vomit, but did not relieve the pains, which contincej at intervals throughout Sunday aud Sunday night, increasing in severity and frequency. At daylight on Mpnday witness tried without avail to obtain a conveyance to take deceased to the Hospital, and at eight o'clock went to inform- tbe police at the Junction. Shields was th.>u alive, but upon returning in aliout three-quarters of an hour lie found him dead. Dr Jloltliqnse, who had made a poist-mort-e.iii. examination, certified that deceased had died from acute inlLiinma-, tion of the bowels. Death might have been averted bad medical aid been obtained ill time. The justices recorded a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Deceased was a single man about fifty years of age, and originally carae from county Cavan, Ireland. He had been in the colony ahout twenty-five years. :vening, at half-past seven, to consider busi ncssof importance. The yoaug man Alfred Merrett, who amused himself, in company with a number of others, at the Miners' Association picnic at the Botanical Gardens on Monday, by breaking a quantity of furniture aud other things in the rotunda, aud who so violently resisted Constable Barry, was brought before Mr default three months' imprisonment in cacb case, or eqoabto £20 or six mouths' imprisonment. The fines were paid. Mr Akehurst said it was his "intention to pnt a stop to similar that they might be similarly dealt with. Another of the old warriors who did battle for Britain under the Iron Pnke has capitulated to King Death. Wm. Colrin, who, in the corps of the 1st Pragoons, fought under Wellington and shared the undying glories of. Waterloo, died recently in the Ballarat Hospital at the advanced age of eighty-four. Col via entered the Hospital three years ago, and occupied a bed in the accidcnt ward, until a few days since he was subdued by the incursions increasing age .made upon his frame. The strongly-marked featnres of the old soldier bore a strong likeness to-the wellknown face of the Wellington, and he was always"an object of attention to those who visited the ward. Colvin drew a small pension for his services up to the time of his death. " ^ A young miner named James Goan, -vfben working as braceman at the Solieman Pasha mine yesterday, 'sustained a painful "injury •to his left fcnee, throagh a truck falling from the cage against him. He was taken to the Hospital for surgical treatment. It is very singular that quietude cannot be maintained in a court of justice in Ballarat, whether oil aeeocrft of the structure or not it is difficult to determine. At the City Court yesterday Mr Akehurst, P.M., said that court was the most badly managed establishment he ever sat io. People were bustling about, a tiling which the police, if ea.nest, could very easily stop, while others were talk-*' ing or creating some disagreeable noise, and it was with the greatest difficulty that anything could be beard. At the Town Court on Monday just as great a nnisauce was experienced, and at the last sitting of the Assize Court Jadge Stephen remarked that that was the worst constructed building for acoustics throughout tbe colony, aud in this case the utterance was in all probability due to proper order not being observed. The officers of police in charge of these courts shonld, therefore, take the hint.- An instance of the singular effect of lightoing ^.stroke upon timber is related by a tenant on a f«rn> at Windermere. Darin? tlhe heavy'storm which broke upon and passed over tbis 'district a few days 'ago, a tree on his grounds was struck down by lightning, and hecejpiced at the jprospect of an,miexpeeted popply of firewood from it, 0b had .the lightning- ri ven tree cut tip, and the billets of weodjsurted into the hoi^-yard; but when the^q^ w^ placed oh the firc, it was notaoed -that 'they^wonld not bum readily, and, by Jfemsetoesj wtrald not keep alight era»-," rt (wemcd j»sif.«ie «!<sctric fliid< had lontiif it. ltetwirewMlie'aan appearance looked as useful for iirewood OS any others on the land about it. The following notices of motion were given in the Assembly last night:—Mr Cooper, on Wednesday, to ask the - Commissioner of Eailways "Whether ha will take steps to irovide sufficient carriage station sccommo- !ation a± Oeswick." Mr Cooper, on Wednesday, to ask the Chief Secretary " When he proposes to lay the Horan papers upon the ta.l)Ie, as previously promisEid.'" Mr James, on Wednesday, to ask the boa. the Commissioner of Bailways " Whether he will, without delay, provide station accommodation -t the line from Warrenheip to Gordon. The grand.annual movable committee of the JLU.LO.O.F., of Victoria, opened its sittings yesterday, at midday, in the Town Hall. Br Lang, G.M., occupied the chair; there bang about sixty deputies present. The business of the day was despatched with great celerity; the meeting adjourning at two o'clock. In the evening a banquet was held at Craig's hotel, at which nearly 100 members of the order were present. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere. The committee will sit again this afternoon at two o'clock. . Day after day cases of assault, indecent language, &c.;, we a short time ago recorded in on/ police court news as having been brought by one female against another, when the one was no doubt as much in fault as the other. Mr Akehurst, P.M., seems to have stopped these cases to a great extent by his decisions given lately, viz., of fining both plaintiff And defendsnt'in the same amount, and one of these cases wss disposed of in a like maimer by him'yesterday at the City Court. At their meeting yesterday the members of the Ballarat Mining Board, speaking in t praise of their ex-chairman, Mr locell, whose courtesy and ability as chairman bad won their esteem, resolved to present him with a testimonial in expression of their regard for him It was not decided what shape tbe testimonial should take, but that will be decided in a little time. It may be added that the members of the board will themselves contribute the funds necessary. Amongst other new and substantial buildings contemplated Ballarat, Messrs 5. and,]. M'Donald, Shirt street, have made arrangements, for the erection of three handsome shops on the premises now occupied by their own film and Mr Bmnn, painter. Mr J. C. Smith has'&lso; nxtder consideration the matter of building more substantial structures on his 3perty, tenanted by Mr Taplin and wis, of the Fawn hotel, and if he should determine to do so, the locality will certainly have a much improved appearance. The' Ballarat regatta committee held a meeting at Lester's hotel last night, when the amount of prize money for the late regatta was passed for payment, also tbe accounts in connection therewith. .Letters of thanks were ordered to be sent to those gentlemen who bad acted as honorary starters, judges, and surveyor. The meeting was then ad- journed till next T-aesday, to allow the secretary to get in the remainder of subscriptions, ana prepare a balance-sheet. TVe learn that legal proceedings have arisen out of the Mining Board election for the Buninyong division; Mr W. Graham, the defeated dandidate, having been yesterday served with a writ for £1000 damages for slander, at the instance of Mr John. Magor, the sitting member. The property in Victoria street, known as Gleuny's terrace, consisting of six conjoined cottages, yesterday changed ownership; Mr Jacob Showman becoming tKe new proprietor, at a price withheld, bat stated to 3>c something under £3o00. The oaly business at the Town Police Court yesterday morning was the fining of one drunkard in the -usual amount by Mr Turpie, J.!\ The new orderly-room to be erected in Lydiard street, opposite tbe George boteL is to be proceeded with a3 soon" as possible; Major Sleep having made arrangements while in Melbourne last week for the advance of £1000 from the Government for that purpose. Mr Caselli has already completed the necessavy plans, 'and tenders for tiie work will, therefore, lie called in a few days. The Sebastopol Council has received the £539 voted to that body a short time since by Parliament for the purpose of helping it out of its present diSculty. Tbe usual monthly meeting of tbe City Free Library was held in the committee room of the institute on Friday evening last, -.vhi'n there were- present Messrs J. W. Graham (president, in the chair), J. A- W. Miller. W. Evans, J. W. Niamey, and C. D. Figgis. Correspondence from the Po»tmaster-CJeneral, acknowledging receipt of complaint, and promising to have it rectified. Received. From Mr A. T. Morrison, statinghe had insured the library buildings, books, and furniture, also tbe academy of art, for the sum of £1250, aad handing in receipt (£3) as his donation to the funds cf the institution, which was received with t-hanks. The Anglican Bishop of Ballarat was elected a life- governor. The librarian's report was adopted, and the collector handed in subscriptions to the amount of £15 Ss Id, which were received, and several other unimportant matters dealt with. A vote of thanks to the chair concluded the-bnsiness. At the statute mectiqg of the Ballarat Mining Board, held yesterday, Mr Elmslie was elected chairman for the ensuing twelve months. A letter bas "been received by the town clerk of Sebastopol from the city clerk, Ballarat, for presentation to the next meeting of the borough council, urging, its members to ways in any of the principal streets, but not to grant the monopoly of them to any particular company. The bizaar at the South Street Methodist Church was opened last evening by Mr Tr Walker, and was in every respect a great Success. During the evening a promenade conccrt of a very enjoyable nature was given by the Peel Street Mutual Improvement Association. Miss M. Roberta presided at the cabinet organ. The building was crowded with visitors, and a fine business was done by the stall-holders. The bazaar will be again open this evening, at seven o'clock. A fresh programme will be place. ni^Iit was really enjoyable, so that there isanother treat in store for those who attend this evening. Tbe proceeds last night were exceedingly good. At the Oddfellows' banquet, held atCcaig'e hotel last night, Mayor Kobertson in replying to the toast of the " City and Town of Ballarat," referred to tiie disgraceful scene which occurred, on Monday at the Botanical Gardens, and said he hoped that the mayor oi the city would take steps to prevent intoxicating liquors being brought into the gardens in future. • The anniversary celebration of the Trinity Independent Church, Baglan street, consisting of a tea and public meeting, were held yesterday evening, in the building, in which the services of. the church are carried on. At the tea meeting, for which Mr M*Eenzie, of Bridge street, catered in his usual satisfactory manner, about 150 persons were present, and the tables were presided over by the Misses Perrin, llanford, Teal, and Boirowman (4.1 After the tea" the tables were cleared" out, and a public meeting, over which the Bev. J. G. Perrin presided, was held, and the building was very well CUed. Addresses-were delivered by the chairman, the. Rev. if. S. A. Loonev, M.A., and Messrs M. Hosking, J. Whitehead, and S. B. Pitt. The proceedings were varied by musical selections snng by the choir, Miss Teal, Miss Boirowman, Mr Clark, Mr Weatherall, Mr Jcffree, and a recitation by Mr Tootell, Miss Hanford' officiating as pianiste. The evening was spent very pleasantly,-the anniversary celebrations being carried out' most successfully. We were shown yesterday by' Mr S. H. 5I"Gowan, of Sandhurst, one of Seymour's patent dovetailed cams for. batteries, "..The cam is made in two. parts, which dovetail into each other, and then form as compact a piece of workmanship as if made in one piece. Ths material is hammered iron, the arms being steeled. The advantage of this form of cam is that when a breakage occurs the cam way be removed and another substituted in an hoar and a half to two hoars', time, and that without lifting . the- shaft or stopping a«y portion of the battery. To those "who art acquainted with tbe delay caused bya breafcage of the ordinary cam the saving -of time aad .tremble -will be at onccapptent' Tbe Seymour cam is about 5 per cent dearer than the ordinaiy pattern. Mr M"Gowan intends to get some his cams inaiiriaetured in-Ballaiat. .. TheLOT»lBallai^I^dge,No.20,LG.O.lr., held itB fortnightly meeting at the hall, in GtBnfillextreet,-4m Monday night last; P.G. itr jopeph Davis in the chair, uithe absenw of the HoUe Gtsnd through an accident. Hie etteodajioe waanp to the avenge. Sick par amounting to £1 4s «d was passed for panaent His emn Is somewhat over the average^ the cause being the changeable weather. After the reading of the usualroutine correspondence, an animated and allround discussion took place upon various matters affecting the welfare of the lodge and order. The late anniversary. was referred to, and aH the brothers present thereat spoke in warm terms of tbe sociable and pleasing "character of the meeting, and it is hoped it will never be allowed to lapse again. P.O. "Br Cowtf e31 tallied a noiic= of motion for discussion next lodge meeting anent the "qualification of-representatives to the Grand Lodge." A cordial vote of thanks was passed to the visiting brothers; P.G. Br E. Stevens, Sebastopol, responding on their be&alf.; The receipts of the evening. £18 14s, having been read, the lodge closed in the usual form at ten o'clock. The names and addresses of the writers of the following letters have not been sent, and therefore their communications are held over:—" A swimmer who has a few pounds to lose," " A working miner." We are requested to acknowledge, on behalf of the widow of George fining, the following donations, . amounting to £45 :— Man ton and Davies, £43 19s Od; per Frederick Barker, £1 19s Gd; Mr Hugh Mlaren, * 6d. The jurors of the Melbourne Exhibition have made the following additional awards to this district:—Gold, fouriji order of merit, Egerton Gold Mining Company, Egerton; white peas, second order of merit, Mr George Smith, - Ballarat. The- receipts on the Victorian railways for the week which ended on the 3rd March were £36,354 lis Sd. The amount received in the corresponding period of last year was £29,290 10s-2d. We have received the list of prizes to be awarded at the .autumn exhibition of the, Geclcng and Western District Agricultural and Pastoral Socieiy. The show will be held in the exhibition building, Geelong, on Thursday next. The attendance at the Exhibition on Monday was as follows:—By dngle tickets, 2880; season ticket holders, 40; miscellaneous, 1460—total, 4380. In reference to the recent fatal explosion at Qosensclifi^ a- gentleman {says the Herald) of much experience as an. electrician has a theory. This theory is that the torpedo, from tie mode of its construction, formed a battery in itself, and generated the electricity, which caused the explosion. ' In the Tpfegraph department zinc and copper in a solution of sulphate of magnesia are used to generate the deefcricity. The torpedo was in a zinc case, aud copper was used also in its construction. All that was required to generate electricity, therefore, was the magnesia, and electricians axe well aware that salt water contains this in considerable quantities. Indeed, in the absence of the sulphate of magnesia, water and common salt axe sometimes nsed with success. Thereis just the possibility that the insulation of the zinc and copper became broken, and that the saltwater acting upon the two metals produced the explosion. Of course, this is merely a theory, hut it appears to be worth consideration. Meanwhile, tbe members of tbe Torpedo Corps at Sydney have been tryi»g to work out the causes of the explosion, and they have arrived at the conclusion that it must have arisen by the completion of the electrical current. The Bcndigo Advertiser reports that Wm. Williams, who kept the Wait Till Tm Ready hotel, Kangaroo Gully, committed suicide on Monday morning by. deliberately throwing himself down a shaft 70 feet deep. The deceased, who was sixty-two years of age, was killed instantaneously. The Bendigo 'independent says that a meeting will shortly lie held at Sandhurst to express sympathy with the objects of the Irish Land League. A Herald telegram says that a tremendous hailstorm passed over Sydney yesterday afternoon. The hailstones were very large, and many skylights and windows were broken. The office of the Sydney Erening A.\ ;C.-; was completely flooded after the skylights and windows were broken. The storm was the most severe known for years. Action (says tbe Brtidrrjo AdC i ll-cr) is now to be taken with a view to the suppression of all lotteries and art-unioas not sanctioned by the authorities. The local police have dccided to institute proceedings against all persons now carrying on tbe same. From the St. James Gazrtis the JT'rald learns that according to statements. unolScial bat apparently authentic, the' Revisers of the Sew Testament have made alterations winch will excite some consternation among all those who are familinr with the authorised version. In the Lord's prayer, the concluding petition, "Deliver us from evil," is changed into *' "Deliver us from the evil one." Half-a-dozen of the nio^t familiar texts in the New Testament will disappear altogether. The question " What shall it proSt a man if he shall gain tbe whole world and lose his owusoul';" is metamorphosed into "What doth it profit a man to gain the whole world and lose his own life." "Hades" is substituted for " hell" in two well-known passages. The inscription ou the.altar "to the Unknown God " will read " to an Unknown God." Apart from these textual alterations and omissions, the Revisers have abolished the division into chapters and verses, and printed the new version in paragraphs. The annual report of the local board of health fortheCity of Melbonrnewaspresented on Monday {says the Age) to the City Gouncil. The health officer, Mr Girdlestone, pointed out that the death-rate of the city had been steadily decreasing since 1876, the rate for the last year being as low as 18-2 per 1000. On the subject of the condition of the Van Yean, Mr Girdlestone writes in forcible language, declaring that, in the absence of active interference, the reservoir will ulthnately share the fate of tbe Varra, and become a common sewer. The large quantity of ammonia and nitrates in the water have caused it to reach a point of contamination that, in. Mr Girdiestone's opinion, is becoming dangerous. "There is no doubt whatever," le says, "that both'mud and sewerage are washed into the reservoir from land xmder cultivation, aud from yards, drains, &C.; 'j."he stagnant water of a lake so contaminated cannot but be unfit for human consumption. Taken internally, it lowers and depresses the vital powers, and is very liable to cause gastric derangements and Miarrhtea, and perhaps other more fatal -disorders, as dysentery and typhoid fever. No doubt filtering the Yan Yean water will remove the mud and make it look better, but it will not remove contagion, should any be present. Boiling before use is a much greatei: protection as against disease. Attempted purification by either alum or lime is not at all reliaViv; besides, both methods leave aa unpleasant taste in the water. The only plan of purilication worthy of consideration is to protect tbe gathering ground and to preserve the different streams, and to keep them pure from the fountain-head to the reservoir." » A heartless case of child desertion (£ays the Telegraph.) has occurred at Carlton. On the 24th ultimo a young woman, named Murphy, was confined of a male child in the Lying-in Hospital, and subsequently went to -lodge with a Mrs Hewe, at 69 Madeline street, Carlton. Two days, after she went there she disappeared, leaving her i child, and has not since been beard of. Although all that could be was done in the way of .pT>jvidiiig artificial food for the-child, it died. A warrant h=is been issued for the mother's arrest. Instructions (says the Age) have been issued by tbe Commissioner of Railways to stringently enforce the by-laws which. are supposed "to prevent persons jumping from trains while they are in motion. The Minister is determined tliat energetic 'steps sliall be taken to prevent the continuance of a practice that bas decidedly led: to. ouc fatal accident and several of a less serious'character, and the police authorities have been communited with to secure their co-operation inthe matter. It is-nadcrstood (says the Geelong Advertiser) that Mr Saiusbuiy wilt be invited to contest Maldon in the Liberal interest. Mr Casey having retired. It is strange {saya the Sandhurst corrcsmdent of the jii^us) that"with so many lustrations of the* danger attached to the handling of dynamite and lithofractear, even when the .best, known precautions aieexsrrased, so little care should be taken in placing it beyond the -reach of children and others who, when it faCs into their hands, do not WoW whafcihey have got hold of. On Sojiday morning a little -boy, len yean of-'^ge, named John Mfikle, frlulst {ilayiqg ^hpat .a mining claim near hia parents' reameaoe; picked up a dynamite cap. Unconscious of the perilouB character of his new-found {daything, he jicoceeded, with the assistance of a hair-pin, to inveatisate the interior of Mie cap. A few i it the -Burface . - „_,„ .-nd another caused the cap to £ a t ?e. a ,r/C„" -explosion; and whaTthe v ^ i l ^ it bi.. hand, he found that the STd lilf of his thumb Wt^ away. The city corporation (». v ? ™ e Age) are trying the extent of ^ g down a wioden roadwSy, and fhe inu^ctmn of Collins and Swanston street* has b^n chosen as tbe site. The process ha* been jratebed with mdeh interest by the public during ™e last few days. A concrete foundation oi o inches thickness has iurfet been laid iJowu, and upon this there is bong laid a roadTvay formed of redgum blocks 3 inches wide," 6 inches deep; and 3 inches long. The rows of blocks are kept apart by slips of wood from J to i inch in width, aud inches kigh. The remaining space to the top of the blocks will be filled in with tar and ecreenmgs. The tenders (says the Argu$ for the City of Melbourne loan of £25,000 atij per cent, per annum were opened by the finance committee on Thursday. The minimum price was fixed at £102. The tenders ranged from £1012s Sd to £101 5s, the highest tender being sent in by Mr J. B. Were and Co. Soon after the announcement of the result of Hie tenders an offer was received from the Commercial Bank of Australasia to take the. whole amount of the loan at £102.- The council decided to accept the ofier. A small fire (says the Age) occurred at the Exhibition on Monday evening, at a quarter past seven o'clock, but it was promptly extinguished. One of the men engaged in lighting the gas. by fiome means allowed his lighting apparatus to brush against a curtain between the Italian and Austrian courts, and the material being of an inflammable nature was consumed in an mfttant. A 'portion of the wooden work was also (haired. On Monday (says the Geelong Advertiser) a very unusual accident happened to a child named Catherine Christina Corridon, residing with her parents, at the comer of Corio and Fitzroy streets. Hie child appeared to have become thirsty, and, following the example set by other children, endeavored to obtain a drink-of water by lacing the water tap in the back yard into er mouth, and then obtaining a draught of water. The child succeeded in reaching the tap by putting bricks on the ground on which to stand, and, unpereeived, she seems to have got the tap fastened in her throat. Some time elapsed before the child was discovered, and then she was on the eve of suffocation. Much difficulty was experienced in releasing the little girl'6 month from the tap, and as soon aa this was done she was carried to the hospital, but she died shortly before reaching that institution. BThe passengers by the mail train from Ballarat ou Monday night reported {says the Geriong Advertiser) having seen a grand sight on the way from the golden metropolis. Mount Basinyoog -was on fire on all sides, and the flames could be seen rapidly leaping upwards from the base of the large mount. The illumination was of a very brilliant description, the tall giant trees standing out from the flames adding a grandeur to the scene. The adjacent country was magnificently lit up, and the reflection of the fire could be seen for many miles. Persons standing on the high ground towards Fyansford were also spectators of the fire at Mount Buninyong the blaze beingattimes distinctly visible. There is a fair prospect (says the Age) cf the Liberal party at Maldon securing the candidature of a gentleman to contest the vacant seat for-that constituency against Mr M'Intyre. The names of several gentlemen who arc willing to stand have been under tbe consideration of the local league, and it is probable that there will not be a walk over for Maldon. Although little of the effects of the storm on Wednesday last (says the Ararat Advertiser) were felt in the immediate vicinity of tltc town, it caged with great violence in various directions. At Maroona nearly an inch of rain fell in the course of an hour, and a similarly heavy fall occurred towards Elmhurst. In the neighborhood of feuangor the lightning was unusually severe, and caused considerable damage. Squatters in the locality lost a large quantity of grass, which was iguited in several places simultaneously. Daring the storm a strong wldrlwind swept across the paddocks, and carried the fiauies up several feet in the air. Mr Lewis, of Sconuirigh, is reported to have lost TOO acres of grass: and Mr M'lntyre, of Mowallok, 200U. jttr Thomson, of Challicum, was also a loser, but to what extent has not transpired. Tatyoon was visited by an unusually severe hailstorm, pieces of ice larger than pigeon's eggs falling for some time. A number of men engagc'l on a contract in "that locality were obliged to seek tbe shelter of their tents, whilst horses and cattle in the paddocks were apparently panic- stricken, and kicked and jumped about as the hailstones pelted upon them, whilst they made a hurried attempt to seek available shelter. No serious damage was done beyond the destruction of a quantity of fruit. Mr Norbury, threshing-machine proprietor, of Evansford, informs the Talbot Leader that he lias completed his circuit for the present year, and says that the past harvest in the Mo-ant Greenock, Mount Glasgow, Mount lieekwortb, M'Call urn's Creek, Craigie, Evansford, Cuddy's Flat, and Maryborough road districts is far below that of last year. The highest yield of wheat he lias threshed was on the farm of Mr Large, Mount Glasgow, where an average of 28 bushels to tlie acre was obtained. In a few instances 20 bushels was the result, hut in many cases the yield has been as low as 4 bushels to the acre. Oats have shown a better return, as much as 35 bushelstothe acre being threshed from the farm of Mr Fraser, on the Springs road, and a result equally as satisfactory is recorded from the crop of Mr Palmer, of Kangaroo Flat, but the average yield in this cereal is below that of the preceding harvest. The Kelly business (says the' Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser) is now all over, and. the family have settled down qnietly at Greta, and are likely to forget the past and give us so more trouble. The last movements of Kate Kelly were characteristic. She came from Adelaide, where her " season" was not a success, and went on to Greta, but returned to Melbourne with her sister to meet their mother, who had served her -time. Kate took with her back to Greta flower plants and two cypresses in pots, and when asked w-hat these were for she replied, " To put ou poor Danny's grave." Eieutil omnes. The selectors' rents (says the Telegraph) are coming in. now in a very satisfactory manner. During the last month the returns show an excess ol" £5093 per week over the estimated receipts, and this, of course, leads 'i - the presumption that the rentB in arrear are being paid up. A large shark (says the Age) was caught off St. Hilda pier, between fear and five o'clock on Monday afternoon, by a fisherman named Alfred. Thomas. The fish was" 11 feet in length, with a girth of 8 or 9 feet. It was a work of much djfiiculty to land it, as the creature nearly carried the hook away, and was caught eventually by some men potting off in a boat and passing a bowline round its body, by means of which it was -pulled ashore. It is intended to exhibit the monster. A huge bush-fire (says the Ttlegraph) was burning on Monday evening on the Culiban Park estate, in proximity to tbe homestead, situated a few miles from Elphinstone. Tile tire was of great extent and bnnieti furiously. The damage to property is considered to lie great The reflection of the fire was plainly observed in Sandhurst, the southern horiz-m presenting quite an illuminated appearance from seven until eleven o'clock. A public meeting of persons favorable to the formation of a coursing club at Berrybank will be held at Fan-ell's Sears*! ale hotul nsxt. Friday evening, at seven o'clock. A civil, service and matriculation clasi held iu connection with tlie night school at St. Paul's. Bakery Hill. A meeting of the. projectors of the GHI Burners* Gas Company will be held this evening, at eight o'clock, at Craig's Royal hotel.' t .A meeting ol the l/>y»l Ballarat Lodge, M.U".I.O.O.F-, is convened for this evening at eight o'clock, at the lodge-room, British s Queen hotcL Mr P. Brown will preach.in the Disciples of Christ Chapel, Pesl street, this evening, at half-past Beven. Mr Carter will deliver an address to Christians at the Uechabite HaH, Humf&ay; street, tliis evening, at haU-past seven. Subject—Fine gold aad earthenpitcbcrB." All entries for the antumn show of the Ballarat Borticnltnral Society must be made with the secretary on orbefore Cueeday, tbe 19 inrmsun, . ... Messrs Roberts' classesJEor darning -.^t .i tfiyrtMrtiiM 1 iMimnfn I offer special advantages to &bse; desirous ofl ^ becommg acqtuunted with the polite ext. ' 