H ?ita'ii i iIii Our.--The following' sad story a is .el'ited in the 'ew Yorkj Tribune: About thirhty fivo yeins ego when thb Ger manii chicuiellr was only :plain Otto von ]Bismarck,, aPomeranian syuire aid inapec. tor of dykes, he ivent out s-ipe-shootinm one day with ai'riend on some maishy Iaed, into whuich his compamon, a stout, heavy man, suddenly sank up to his arm-pits. Vainly struggling to extricate himself, the gentleman shouted for help, and seeing Herr B3ismarck approach him very slowly cud cautiously, apparently still looking for the rising of some stray snipe, piteously appealed to him to leave the confounded snipe alone and pull him out of the abomin able swamp into which he h;id sunk so deeply that its slime was all but in his mouth. " My dear friend," replied Bis marck, with the utmost calmness, "you will certainly never get out of that hole. Nobody can possibly save you. It would however pain me very much that you should suffer unnecessarily by slowly stifling in this vile swamp. I'll tell you what, my dear fellow, 111 save you the agony of suffo cation by putting a charge of shot in your head. Thus will you die at once more swiftly aud more respectably." " Are your mad," shrieked the other, struggling" d, perately to free himself, " I don't want to be either drowned or shot; so help me but, in the name of three devils." Deliberately levelling his fowling-piece at his friend's head, Herr Bismarck rejoined in a sorrow ful- tone, " Keep steady for a moment; it will soon be over. Farewell, dear friend I I will faithfully tell your poor wife ,all about it." Stimulated to super hciman efforts by the imminent peril monac ing him, the sulucky sportsman contrived t6 wrigglo out of the mud on all-fours, dud when he had recovered his feet broke out into a storm of vehement abuse.-, IHerr Bismarck listened, to him with a sardonic smile; merely observing, " Can't you see how right I was, after all ? Every man for liimself I " and turning his back on his in furiated companion coolly walked away in search of more game. AnVANcTAGEis O' LinmlnL INsTITUTsONs.-It is ono. of. the inestimable advantages.of the populer.government and liberal institutions of America that the great prizes of life are debarred from none who are able to -slhoiv themselves Worthy of them. In foreign couintries young men of humble birth are held back by a rigid development of society, which tends to keep meon through life within the limits of the class in which they are bori ai?d.which'frowns upon, if'it does not actually prevoit,.al1 ambitions attempts on the partof thdose in ibhuthble social station to risetoamoreelcvatod position. Consequently the most liocnorableand responsible positions are frequentlyoccicpied byan effete, dissolute, and incompetent nobility. In this country, on the contrary; -the positions which require for their proper management great powers of :mind are generally held by the men best fitted by nature and trainins to discharge the duties required. A very significant resiilt of such a condition is that every American citizen is substantially encouraged to develop his capabilities .as mtuch' as possible. Who can doubt that the remark able push and enterprise which Americans lpossees above all othier nations), iirh hl 617 due to the fact that thie most ,icergetic and capable menn hayse full opportunitWtoit'ake the positions which are due to their innate superiority. We should not lose sight of this pertinent fast, and shouli alvaysbdgard it as one ,of the best; o?, easons whywe should guard against overy influence 'which seeks to. destiroy: thoebroad . democratic principles upon which our government and social institutions are based.-The Paper World. 1881.--Astrologers and soothsayei's'should be of good courage this year, if there is any premonitory virtue in the curious combina tions of numbers that may be evolved from the date 1881. Not only does it read the same backward and forward, whiehi only occurs every 110 years, but the magic numiber "nine is interwoven in it in a remarkable way. The sum of either the irrt two or thothist two figures is 9. The ssin of all four is the same as the first two, 18, which added together or divided by 2 gives 9, Multiply the-whole by 9 and tie lnoduct, 18,992, c6ntrinis two nines, while the sum of the digits is 27, or three nines, or, added, one 9. - Place the 18 cinder the 81 acd add; the sum is 99; subtract, and the remainder is l8, or 7 times 9. Almost inuumerable similar combinations may be fornmrc convincing the mathematician that the mythical:Mother. Shipton could not have hit upon ac moro remai-hablo date than this for the threatened smash-up of things in geceral.-New York Tribune. A Goon Junoia.-?At agricultural shows, as in other affairs, occasionally there are fiiud square imn ei laced imi the round holes lEvery man'is notqualified to work through 'all -sections. . For instance> the r acthat one has partaken more than ic oof 'thickat salad must riot c auchel'it'd s proof that lios'hoan deliide?vhioh is the best bantam.; nor is it correct,to infer that 1because your better- hjif.keeps a poodle that you should ,be able to judge dogs.- I re member that once ati, show, held not many: tmiles from Alfred Park, theo.dog-jury; were pounded unmistakably when' they came to the fo'x-toirier class. There were bict itwo exhibits. One of these Sais a dogjiistiinm -ported,, ar sleek-h'aned, full-eared;' sharp cnosed little fellow, which had cost his owner (air ?uthlusastic fancie) aboiit a 'g iinnc an ounce . The oth er was of the, ordinary imongrel breed lbut ith a few clear markls of the hbilldog rb1out lii, h im ntbly' 'the clipped cars anid u'ndershot cjaw. " Well,, they'is a ricuf pair,:' said the leading jadgd, Y but we c-an give, it to, this ons,-for the other can't Ibe imncch, or his !owner would have cropped his 'ears. Acid when the cards were posted there was obne exhi\itor atthlat showvwho growled -ioudly and used strong language.--The bMeddler. Coaci'ri', ri" cirsr oc ILc. Ainer..s" '-The followinm 'is th, rifle, for .computin, the weight of live ammals by mcacuremeni with a tape-lne :-The animal should stand square. Take his circimference just beliind tlre shouldeir-blade-that is the 'irtth Then measure from the bone of the tail which plumbs the line with the hinder part of the buttock, and d.rect the string along the back to the fore part of the shoulder-blade; this will be the length. Then work the figures thus: Suppose the girth of bullock 0 feet 4 inches, length 8 feet 8 inches, .vhich multiplied together make 83 square superficial feet: and these multiplied by 23 \--the. number of pounds cillowed for each superficial foot of cattle measuring less thanc 7 and more than 5i feet in girth-make 789 pounds. When the acimal measures less than 9 and more than 7 feet in girth, 81 is the number of pounds to be estimated for each superficial foot. And suppose a stiall animal to measure 2 foot girth and 2 feetfu; length, these added together make 4 feet, which, multiplied by 11-the number of pounds allowed for each square foot wheri cattle measure less than " 'feet in girth make 4.1 pounds. Again, suppose a calf or sheep, de., to measure 4 feet ( inches in girth and 3 feet .9 inches in length, that multiplied together makes 16 square feet, and these munltipled by 10-the number of pounds allowed for cattle measuring less than 5 and more than 3 feet in girth-make 256 pounds. The dimensions of cattle, sheep, calves, and hogs, taken this way, will give the weight of the four quarters of the animal, sinking the oval. A deduction must be made for animals half fat; of one pound in twenty from those that are fat; and for a cow tlilf.has had calves one pound must be allowed, in addition to the one for not being fat, upon every twenty. MK.usnC MIost. ON TilE Tuin'.-A London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus says: -" I am the last to apologise for men going on the turf, and indeed I think it would be better, for most of them-and certainly for theirfamilies-if they went under it instead; but for our aristocracy there is some excuse. They are generally without a profession, and the desire to do something, and es pecially something by which we can get money, is common to us all. Our racing men, as Admiral Rous confessed, have no other object. The idea of their taking up such a calling to improve the breed of horses is all rubbish. ' I have never known any man upon the turf,' said the admiral, ' who had any other idea than to make moneybyit.'. And from that point of view the temptation is' really very great. The expenses of a racing stable are enormous, butsuppose an owner confined himself to runnig for stikes and did not bet he might make a very good thitig by it. During the last six years Lord Falmoith's winnings by stakes have been £142,860.. In 1878 he won £87,681. In thenext year the Duke of Hamilton cleared £10,000. But 'last year it is said his Grace's gains haveobeen under £f500; and in these cases gaini? .ire not profits, remembei, but only something to set against expenses. It is like playing at billiards, where for theu average player. profits and lesses vasy, hiutthe cost of' the table is constisnt. T1hav iaersofially lcown but one man who ever miade si?lagi'froise on the turf, and left it sehiud him. WVELLINGToN AND E3V.x.eo -Wellington and Waterloo :appear; in a fiesh iaspect in the following hitherto unpnblished: letter unearthed by the Academy. The tWi-ibs, who was an officers at Wellington's head ,qiiartetr durihig the;battle, wires unde ?,dt of Brussels, Juma 10, ,1815 :-"I caienot help writing two linies to congratulate ciud condole. withl you osn the victory ?vhiich England has purchased for Europe--at the expense of more than half hes army. I must not itturnlt to"give you any account of' the battle,' of which the Gazette will, I dare say, give us the first distinct information. I uildorstandhowever that it throws everything which the Duke has before done into the shade. His personal exertions were, it seems, incredible, and certainly secured the success: of the day, of which at one time everybody except himself despaired. One of his aides-de-camp told me this morning thtit he took up his position on aridge, from which he declared he never would move and never did move-but in triumph. When Bonaparte headed an overwhelming charge, the Duke threw himself into the opposing square, by whiehit was successfully resisted. I mention those particulars because they are precisely what his dispatches will not mention and because I have them from an eye-witness. Everybody was killed or wounded about him; but he was happily unhurt. One is afraid to inquire after an acquaintance, the carnage has been so inexpressibly horrible. No words can. do anything like justice to the valour of our people, who were literally almost smothered by the superior numbers of the French, who were themselves acharnds beyond all former examples. Of this you will judge when I tell you that one of the prisoners has just now provoked a soldier to bayonet him by his cries of Vive 1' Empereur I As well as can be judged, the French are supposed to have lost one hundred and eighty pieces of cannon. The day was at one time supposed tb be so completely lost and the French so thoroughly expected to make their appear ance, I thought it prudent to dispatch a part of the department, with papers and some of our baggage, towards Antwerp, stnd have this morning sent after them to return." It was the mani caught by a bush-fire.on his own section of laud who ran through'li'i property rapidly. 