(from ihj argus - correspondent. ) ! I London, Jan. 13. The cace(' for the Crown in the State- trials, at tie Court of Queen 'i-Bench in- Dublin, ha been brought to a conclusion- and the defence has commenced. Two hundred rricted tenants, who- have beenv victims of the system of rack rent, are to he brou git- forward; to testify as to the- treatment they have received from land lords. j Mr Gladotone, who is suffering from an attack o: influenza, -is reported to be better totley: Much iiterest is being' felt in the race for the scdiing championship, which takes place on \Monday. The frost-; is very severe, ai\lr.: is muoh felt by Laycock. Haitian's wight is list. \\_! A Fat £:)eep, — W were on -Saturday shown liangiig in the shop of liEr -William Eyenij butcler, of ; Beech worth;.- .the car cass of a sbasp, the sight of which would have made tie mouth of an Ssquimaio '"water," thefat being several- inches in thickness — altogether too much . for a European to ;pprec-iate, with- the ther- mometer rangng irom uu to xuu degress in the shade, the animal, which when killed and dressid turned the seale at 1051 Ifc3., was from 'lie flocks of M-r Gray, .of | Oxley. I Destructive Bush-fire. — During ilisi present secson, oVing to the -dry and iu | flammable matur of grass and 'timber, bush-fires have l:pen prevalent, and in many instances lesiructive- of much j valuable property..! Ou Sunday last a. fire broke- out. at Sluep Station Creek,, in the vicinity . of a paddock belonging- to Uean Hemey ; and despite strenuous efforts c'-i.tlie part of numerous v;lun-j teers, ito progress was but temporarily stayed, cad on Monday it broke onu again with renewed,1 fury, and from Beech- worth s-aoke-waa observed rising in .dense volumes.; .-presenting a grand ?sps3tacle, being driven -by a rather strong nrriherly wind in the- direction of Messrs M. andT. Dodd's- tannery. It to feared that much valuable fencing and I many houses must inevitably fall a prey to the cibvour- ing element,, if it pursued its course much further: -iin that direction ;but about 4 o'clock the;wind suddenly veered round to tba- north-east, and much . anxiety of minckwas ... thereby allayed.- However, as it is, .Dean Tierney is a-suft'erer, in a con siderable- amouut ; as, in addition of the grass-whieh. has been destroyed;, over half a mile- of foncing, representing a loss of some £40 -or £50 — the -fence being a sub- stantia three-railed one, not; long erected. 1 The origin, of the fire- is .noi:.known ; but : as- it is- a suspicious circumstance that i s J broke one v.kaeh did almost, similar damage ! originated last year, we hepe that every endeavjr will be taken, to discover, if. possiblt, whether it was. the result of im, accident or the work; of set incendiary. Tks Census. — -In another column , we publishthe boundaries. of certain districts in whicl the ceusus is. to- be taken Within the presmt yeatj. togetuer with the names of the gmtlemen appointed to act go. eau- .mc-ratoK. The appointment of Mr-T. C. Ivaighin, of Bright, to- act in that capacity in relation to the Beeehworth district has been the causa- of considerable eemsaent in Beechworthritself ; it being justly con sidered manifestly isnfair that a'gpntleman residing some forty miles from the centre cf operations. shouM have been selected in preference to . a person living nearer home. We shall take cecasion to refer to the subject in cur next issue. Beualxsu. Pcshce Court:— -On Friday, 14th insi,,. before Mr A. "Wyatt, P.M.. Gregerson.v Tsanlinson : Claim £4 2s Gd,. The debt was proved, audi an order was made for the amount claimed, with £1 gs costs. G; Christian v John Taylor. Mr O'Leary, festrncted by Mar M'Donnell, for plaintiff; i&Tr; Coster for -defendant. This was . a suh for £13 15s,. rent. Order for amount, with £1 lGs. costs. Short v Tomlinson ; adjourned- for fourteen days. Thomas Brown was brought up charged with being ef unsound mmd. Constable McQuirk proved arresting Brown at Strathbogie on Thursday last. He lived in a hut about 13 miles front Euroa by ; himself. "When, found he (Brown) was r mining about bareheaded and- barefooted. He was a dangerous lunatic, and had attempted to s&t; fire to tho crass. His. neighbors liad frequently taken knives from him, for fear of him' doing himself an injury. Drs Henry and Nicholson gave evidence that, having examined the prisoner, /they found him of un sound mind, and unfit to be at large. ; Committed to- Beecliworth Asylum. J. Phetan (dog-officer for the Shire of Benalia) v A. Cambridge ; verdict 10s, with £2 12s costs. Same v Mahony ; fined 5s, with 10s costs. Same v M. Riorden ; dismissed. Same v G. G. Cherry ; dismissed. Police v J. Bamfield and J. Balland. Mr O'Leary for defen dants. There was a complaint brought by Constable Kirkham against two lads for jostling some ladies com ing from church on the previous Sunday evening and using bad lan guage. A lot of evidence was brought" forward. His Worship, after hearing the evidence, read the boys a lecture and warned them that if they were ever brought befoie him again he would inflict a severe penalty on them. He then dis missed the case. Omeo County Court. — The date for holding the Omeo County Court and Court of Mines has been fixed for Friday, 25th February. I LarrxkiniSM- at El D br.\i.-Fbr many years the lively boys of El BWado have axftiusvd tliemsri'ves on New-Year's- morn ing: by shifting: gates, removing bridges, &c.; &e.; This- year .P-'Micc-cunstible Buirdl decided &> aet his face against a practice neither pleasant nor prnfitaijle to the vkjrimB of practical joking. Oil Friday morning eleven festive youths were charged before Messrs Hollow and Fealy, J.P.'s, with obstructing roads, - removing gates, outhouses; &c.; All, with the exceptions of two - pleaded guilty? One- of the defendants- said he hoped the Bench wouid deal leniently. It was an old custom ; the police had never taken action before, and no harm was intended.- Mr Hollow remarked-it was a serious matter for Mrs Slater, where damage to the amount of four or five pounds had been done. Mr Fealy said a small fine would I be inflicted ; but the shire council were likely to take action against those who had I removed bridges. It was quite time such a sort of thing was stopped ; and as long as he held a seat on the Bench he would set his face dead against it. A fine of 2s 6d each was inflicted ; -in default, twenty- four hours imprisonment. The case against one of the young: men was dis missed. One of the defendants - was charged with being illegally on the State- | school premises. Defendant admitted -at once that he rang the school! bell, without the least idea of doing wrong. The case was dismissed. It is right to say that one of the defendants assured the Bench that Mrs Slater's property would! be re- fixed The court then adjourned. ; Albury Market.— Chas. L.- Griffife and Co. report as follows : — We held oar usual fortnightly sale on Wednesday last,1, at which' we had a good attendance of; buyers, and on the whole realised very? I satisfactory prices for all classes of stock. I Fat Cattle. — About GOjhead yarded, con- I sisting chiefly of inferior, with a small pro- I portion of medium quality woD suited to trade requirements ; we sold bull-ocks to I £4' 17s 6d'; cows to £4 0s lOd including j drafts for Messrs Hnon, Stuckey, Lavis", and Humphreys ; Mi Huon's bullocks at £4 7s 6d : /cows £3 I2s'6d to £410; Mr I Lavis's bullocks from £4 to £4 17 6d. Fat I Calves. — We sold 7 at 19s ; for Mr Hum phreys. Gookardmia,. . Store Sheep. — I About 1500. We sold 550 fill? mouthed | ewes for Messrs M'Siellar and- Burnett, j Hawks view, 400 wethers for Mb-Madden, of Billabong, also drafts of ewes foi Mr Madden, all at higli..y satisfactory rates. We" also sold by auction at Walbundry,- on Satiu-day, 1500 full mouth ewes-in lamb, j for Mr C. ' Fiauufekler. We would -point lout to parties Laving. -small lots cf store sheep f-c -sale the advantages- that- our yards offer, having eve-:y facility for draft ing, and ppoper display of each icfc, thereby I seenriug the best prices attainable. Horses. — only a :ew yarded,, which realised very I sati.:ac:ory prices. Qnv next sals- will be- -j-heiil <-:i- Wednesday, 5Bth January. Fakm fg-r Sale.-— Messrs Chas. L.. Griffith and Co. announce in our business I columns that on the 29th inst. they will- 3ell by public auction Mr Wmi Richard son's farm of 860 acres of conditionally purchased land at Wagra, thirty miles- from A bury ; together with improvements- effected ia connection therewith, .sheep,, cattle, horses, farm implements, &z.; Oxluy -Mems.—Ohm Friday, the 14th inst-., at the Oxley cemetery, writes our correspondent, the- Rev. Mr.- Hhidley. read the beautiful and impresssive burial service of the Episcopal Churoh of .'Eng land over the mortal remains:, of . Mrs- William McGregor; ..of Oxley. The de ceases lady was.75 years of age ; .and, after a lengthened illness, departed -this -life on Thursday, the 13th inst. No state on earth is perfectly happy, and, no doubt, Mrs McGregor's was no exoep.tion to- the rule . However, she lived to a greater age than that allotted by the Psalmist, and . died amidst-, her children . and. her- children's children. The lady was greatly, esteemed by all ; who knew her; ; .aniithis was evinced by the large funeral ; cortege that attended to mark their respeottfor the deceased, and to show their symoathy with the survivors. The weather.- has I been excessively close for: the past, few days, and harvesting operations are- beiscng rapidly proceeded with. The water is very low m tire U veils rwveiy and many of the tributary .creeks are drying up. rapieiSy. The land boards ought to be- careful so as not to recommend the granting of lands bordering on permanent -water-holes t& any individuals, without makiiag it imperative on the grantees of the land to leave free access to the water.. In several places cattle and other stock, have to be driven lor.g distances. for water,, owing to land being, granted no - men who,, standing upon their rights, exclude neighbours stock from the only available water-holes. We, in Australia,, can fully realize ihe feeiing chat existed; between the herds men and shepherds of Mr Abraham and Mr Let, in Syria, in older- days, over tho watering of their flocks and herds. A wise Government- would learn from the experience of the past- ages and prevent collision taking; place over similar dis putes in the present era of popular rights, and mental enlightenment. Another Tobacco- Factory for Wan.- gakatta. —We are informed that Mr R. Jj1. Reid, M.L. G., lias spoken favoura .fly of the establishment of a second tobacco factory in Wangaratta. Having talked the subject over with men of capital in Melbourne,, ii is said many of them-, were favourably inclined to the starting, of a limited liability company in Wanga ratta, provided local men invested hberallv in the venture. For onr own part, we do not think it matters much to city investors whether local men take shares er not, so long as the venture is considered a good one. If the company paid, the more interest the Melbourne men have in it the better it will be for themselves ; and we have not the slightest fear but with fail- average management a venture of this kind would pay handsomely. Situated in the very heart of the tobacco-growin country, the company would always have the first pick of the leaf ; could buy cheaper than Melbourne firms, who have to do their business in a more indirect way ; and as for premises to start business m, suitable buildings, such as Dixon's large brick stores, could be had on very- easy terms. To do Mr Reid justice, we must say that our information in not obtained from him, but we believe it is substantially'eorrect. — "Dispatch." Stock Movements.— Ohitlie 10th inst., 9S5 sheep crossed the Murray at Wali- gunyah from Mr J. Newton's station, Urana 16,333 sheep from Mr P. M. Earrieks, Molionga ; 4000 sheep from Mr T. H. Bear, Grong Grong ; and 84 head _ol cattle from Mr J. W. Davies, Waran- tham. On the . 13 tli inst., 153 head, of cattle from. Messrs' Watt and Thompson, Urana ; 30 head of cattlo from the Hon. J. A. Wallace, Quat Qnatia. On the 14th inst'i j :070 sheep from 'Mr R. Blackman, Brookong. "... During this week, ending January 15th, 29,894 sheep crossed — in all, the largest number in one week. 5792 bushels of wheat have also been crossed during last week. New Lease. — Wm. Goulston, l'69a 3r lp, Talgarno. Licenses Declared Yoid. — James Maraden, 269a, Wyeeboo ; Henry Faith- full, 197a, Bingomunjie South. alt e51mtions 3v- bdtndaeilin- — the boundaries of the-: MiWa Mitts South subdivision of tl>3. Beeci-worth Mining Bisfcrict: have been altered,, as specified in the --following description : — Commencing at the junction of the Saudy Creek with the Mit-ta Mitta River : thence by the Mitta;Mitta River easterly to the Tallhn- gatta- Creek; thence by.- the Tallangatta Creek -tO its-junction with the Dry Forest Creek-; thence by a lixe -south-easterly- to Mount ' Biillioh ; tlieuee easterly and north-easterly by the range forming the southern watershed of Dry Forest, Rum- ning, Eoetong, Burrov/ye; Guy's Forest, Wahvs.,- and! Pine Mountain - crseks and' their tributaries io Wermatong Hill ;. thence- by a line easterly to tho junction of' Cudgewa Creek with the River Murray ; thence southerly by the River Murray to the Corryong . Creek ; thence by a line due west to the- range forming the western and southern water sheds of Ahe Corryong Creek ; thoace by> that range forming the northern water shed of the Gibbo Creek ; in a general direction southerly to a mountain known as Toke's Gibbo ; thence by a -line westerly: passiug over the Mitta Mitta River to Mount Cfo'oper; thence by the range dividing the head waters of the Wombat Creek and Snowy Creek to Mount Nelson- ; thence by -the range forming -the western i watershed iof the Snowy- Creek and- the Mitta Mitta River in a general direction northerly to its northern termination ; and thenceby a line north-westerly -to the junction ox- Sandy Creekkwith the Mitta JVEtta River;, the commencing point afore said. Alb urx-." Borough Council. — The - re gular fortnightly meeting of this body was held on Wednesday. The water-supply question again cropped up during the evening .;. the- mayor stating that no further intimation- Government on the subject. It was. de cided to forward another letter to the De partment, urging despatch in the prepara tion of the-plans. The- grant of £100 to the mayor in aid of the . railway opening demonstration fund was the subject of a motion by Alderman Frew. Alderman Gulson drew attention to- the rate proposed to be charged for tickets, which, lie re- garded as excessive. Alderman Frew then said that he had supported the proposal to subsidise the movement in the belief that the demonstration, vtould be a popular affair, to-be- joined in -.by all classes. If, however, these high nates were persisted in, lie should withdraw Ms resolution. A good deal of discussion took place, which went to show that ilia- feeling of the Coun cil generally was in favor of a lower price- being .fixed for the luncheon and banquet tickets than that proposed by the. Demon stration Committee. Ultimately Alderman Frew's motion was- withdrawn..—" Ban ner." Courage Recognised. — We have much plaasucojin noticingjthat the Victoria In surance- Company have recognised the courage- displayec.i .by. Miss White, in. pubtingoout the fire- which occurred at Mr: J.-' D.v Fisher's residence, William-street,, Beeehworth, on Monday night, the 3rd inst., ,by handing her a cheque for £2 2s;. through the local: agents, Messrs J. and, R.. Cunningham, i. While nine-teutlis of the girls one sees., aow-a-days would have screamed "Fire!", auu hidden themselves, Miss-White, though just rousedfrom sleep, ran to the burning lamp, seized it and carried it out of the house, ; thus saving botkihouse andSbrmture from destruction. We are glad her presence of mind and .co image has been recognised, and ijust that, this episode may be leason to girls win,-, may be placed in like circumstances. Accident. —Mr Samuel Raison, farmer of the One Mile Creek, Wangaratta, met with an accident last Sunday evening. When in the act of taking off the winkers or his horse near the Wesleyan Church, the animal took fright and started, and the vehicle coming in contact with Mr. Raison. he was thrown down and one of the wheels passed over his legs, causing severe in- juries. He was conveyed at once to the hospital. Larkifinism. — T lie-iap- coutnc-y districts are of ten times favored; (?) with, visits from youths ojjthe metropolitan larrikin class ; but as a rule all their- attempto at carrying into execution the nefarious practices which they carry.ou for. a long time, .and frequently altogether, undetected in", the city and its populous subur bs, are in .the country, : thanks, to the vigilance of the guardians of the public peace, generally nipped in ths - bud. This was exem plified in Beeehworth on Saturday night and Sunday morning last. Two youths, wheso general- appearanae clearly indi cated the class to which they belonged, named -Jamss-. St ilsou and Thomas Eagan, a few mimitea before twelve o'clock on Saturday night entered the Hibernian Hotel anx-. called for drinks, for which a shilling was. tendered and. placed in ihe till behind the bar by the landlord, who shortly afterwards had occasion to leave for a few minutes. On returning, Mr Wertheim discovered that the till,, to. gether with its contents (about Ss in silver),, had in. liis absence been removed, and that the strangers had decamped. No time was lost in giving information of the occurrence to the police, who, suspecting the offenders bo be the two youths iu question — an whose movements a strict watch had bec-ii kept., as they were known to. have been discharged from gaol only that _ morning— instituted a strict, search to discover their whereabouts ; various ' directions being taken. As it was known I that the " wanted" men were camped on 1 the Chiliern- road and were likely to be making for tho Federal City, Constable King was despatched in that direction, and when returning on Sunday morning at about eight o'clock- he came across the objects of his search quietly jogging along the road Chiltern wards. Their,, arrest was thereupon effected and they were brought before Mr W. H. Foster, R.M., at the Beeehworth Police Court, !on Mon day morning and charged with larceny!- Senior-constable Mnllane applied for .a remaucl until the next day (Tuesday), which was granted.- We are informed by Mr Wertheim that had the thieves looked underneath the counter, just below the till, they would have discovered the cash-' box, in which there was oyer £30. Reduction of Fee. — The fee for filing tribute agreement or copy of such agree ment under the Mining Statute 1865 Amendment Act has been reduced from 10s to 5s. . Contracts Accepted. — The tender of J. Charle3 for the supply of materials for portable school buildings at Towong and Byawatha, for the sum of £116 16s, in each instance, has been accepted. Albury Races. — There has for some time past (says the " Banner") been reason to fear that the Albury races would this season lapse altogether. We are glad to learn that there is some prospects of this being averted. A number of gentlemen interested in the progress of the town, and anxious to keep up the annual races, have held a preliminary meeting with a view to the formation of a new club. Should the movement prove success ful, as it appeared very likely to be, we may hope, to see the programme of the Albury races for 1SS1 adVertised before the end of the month. Thui- English:; Mkn.;— Maafe for 1 United' Kingdom;- perv RiM.Sk Cathayj fp will leave -Melbourne tomorrow (W ednea P day), ISth inst. Fire. — Shortly after ten o'clock oa Monday night the residents -of Beeehworth were startled by the ringing of the fire- bell, and a lurid glare in the direction of j ihe Chinese- Camp gave indication of a building on fire. 0n proceeding to the spot it w.V3 -found that a - stable containing 24 tons of bay and some 2000 new shingles in connection with the residence of Mr Tidyman, vigneron, on the Stanley-road, was in flames.- Thanks to the- exertions of i- a number of neighbors who lent' a willing j; -hand, the fire, the origin of which cannot |v be clearly accounted ! for. was prevented --- from spreading. The property destroyed ft was uninsured. s-. Cricket.; — A "match was played between & teams from the Wangaratta and Albury Cricket Clubs on the ground of the % ground of the former on Saturday last, s: which resulted in a victory for. the visitors on the Grot innings ; . the scores being — Albury, first innings, .120 ;. Wangaratta, . first inniags; -79; Albury, second innings, eight wickets for. 56. The principal scorers were : For Albury — C. Mackay 33, Buggy 35 and , 34 . (not out),, aad / Cochrane IS ; for Wangaratta,- Hoad 36, and Chandler 15. \\- Death, of Doctor Miller. — It i3 with a segret we refer to the death of the late Dr \i Miller, who for a number of years fbllowed r; the practice- of his profession in- Wanga- k r'atta. A -lew yerxs-ago, .owing partly to impaired health, ,Dr Miller removed to Dromana, .where he -set up as a medical practitioner,:- with considerable success ; but for the past twelve months his; health failed kirn,' and he paid the last: debt of a nature on the 4th- inst. Mr Miller was for many .years in India, under the British 3 Government, and it was in that, trying v- climate that hio healthi first gave- way. While in Wvngaratta the deceased- gentle man acted aslodge doctor, for the Manches- k ter Unity of pddfellows, bj which bodyhe was much esteemed, .raid on takinv his departure forDromana was presented with a parse of soreseigns and a very .flattering testimonial. While here he won the esteem of all with whom he came- in con tact; for his honest, straightforward | character, which was not taintedhvith that 1 assumed pomposity and gingerbread show so ei>mmon with medical men of the ' present, dayia Victoria. He v/asnot only i: a gentleman by birth, breeding and educa- s tios, but what Burns terms the noblest work of Cod — an honest man. Peace t b&to; his aslbs.— Mf-ingaratta-Dispatch." The Exhibition C antata.,— - W e have received fiun thjj publishers, Messrs- Allan andl 9®., ci" Collins-street East, Melbourne,' a copy-, of - M. . Le.on Caron'3 \ cantata, fTicfcuria," composed expressly 1 for the inaigurat'oa of tho-. Melbourne In ! ternational Exhibition. The work uuder ' -notice coiisijts of 494 pages and is publisliad . |in similar :orm to Boosey's well- known | Royal Edittni cSOperas-. It is by far the most important musical work that has yet been issued hi the colonies,, and the work manlike mantejin which it has been / ro ll uc cl reflects, great credit upon the publishers. The great beauty of the work, also, as a musbal composition, entitleoitto rank with the iest productions of the day; having been- selected from., about thirty competitors, and gaining the £100 prize, as bo-iug the most suitable for performance on oaie of th$ most ifiiportant occasions iu the snnals of Victorian history. It has up. to the. sent time,. been most success fully rend e red three times at the Ex hibition. The two numbers, "'The Grand Maveh," and the ';euor solo " O, Summer Land," have become specially and de servedly popular.- All .lovers of higli-class. music should secure a copy of the work, which is-issued-at- the very moderate price of 3s, in paper cover, >nd 4s 6d in cloth- i Promotion. — Mr EBvard Witt, who for some years past- has beeniengagcd ai letter-carrier in the, Benaila Post-office, left Sir Sandhurst,, whence he has been trans-m-rred, on, Wednesday eveuinn- The local- paper is testify to Mr Witt's civility, efficiency and. general good Anduct in the discharge of .his , duties. It wil be remem bered that a. few years ago he raided with ;' his-parents in Beech wortffi; nnci therefore ' his friends in thr,t town will be phased to hear of his. promotion .and .upright, C0I>. dhet. AppeiNTJiESss. — Mr- Henry "W-yja Canty,, station-master, Wahgupyah, h ibeen appointed an officenof Customs at that place., Mr. William B._ Eniwistle has been appointed to act during the absence on leave ofi Mr J. Sennett!> as. deputy ;. registrar of births acl deaths at Wanga ratta. . > Licases. Approved. — Alexander Tolmie, ;93a Or 31p, Bright ; Charles- Wifrren. 102s Or 34 p, Bright ; Henry Baynes, 77a Or 19p, South Baruawartha Joseph- Brown ;McInn®s, 59a 3r A), Boovhainax. ; J osenh. Oriel, 40a Ir 2ip, Wocionga ;. Edward Huflertnan, 80a, Gnndowring- ;. Wil'iam "A. Johnstone, 2fl6alr3.9p,. Wagra ; Henry Boycl, 128a 3s 6p, Barwidgee ; Peter Long, 7a 2r 24p, Budgee Budgee : Alfred Aston, 53a 3r 8p,. Pecchelba ; Peter Handley, 84?, 3r 12p,. Glenrowan ; Frank , Moore, 200a Tamiaick Samuel Perry, 28a Or 26p> Gleurewan. James- Egan, 133a 3r 3p, Laceby ;. Walter Hi Crockett, 154a 3r 21p, Laceby. The North-Eastern. Group.— A meet ing of delegates, of this newly formed : group of municipalities was held on Wed nesday at the Wo donga ShfreiHall. There were present— Councillor D. .: Robinson, of Yaekandandah. (in the chair) k J- Cahill, ; President of the Shire of Towong ; and : T. Reidy, President of the. Shire of : Wodonga. The minutes, of the previous . meeting, held at Tallangatta, '.having been read and confirmed, the secretary laid on the table statistics relating to the whole of the shires interested. — These were ordered to. be drafted into a report. - Letters were read from the parliamentary representatives, promising -to support the- claims of the group. The following reso- :: lution, proposed by the Chairman and r. seconded by the President of the Towong Shire, was carried, and the conference - terminated :—l< That in the opinion of : this meeting it is advisable that a denuta- : : tion, consisting of the representatives o"f the , Shires comprising the North- Eastern - Group, wait upon the Hon. the Commis sioner of Public Works and the Hon- the > Treasurer, with the view to obtain their support to the system of classification ot - Shires in the matter of endowment, and to obtain an alteration in the position oscu- pied by the Shires of Yackaadandah and j Wocionga in the lately published schedule ; i and that the representatives in both Houses be communicated with as to the most convenient time to attend, to eusure - a full representation."' : Recognised at Last. — At a meeting of i the committee of the Benalia Mechanics' i Institute and Free Library held on Friday ; evening last tho long- discussed question . of subscribing to "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser for the next six months was settled, by the committee agreeing to pay the subscription out of their own pockets for that term. Well done, members of committee. We admire the practical manner in which yon have come forward to supply the patrons of a public insti tution with a journal they evidently ardently desire. 