/ News and Notes. ( Two Gold Mbdalb awarded / American Waltham Watches ; \ the only medals awarded to Exhibit- ( ors of Watches Melbourne Interna / tional Exhibition, 1880. All genuine \ Waltham Watches have the trade f mark, " Waltham, Mass.," engraved ) on the plate of the watches. S The best Meat Pie in the City, 2d.; v Tea, Coffee, Chooolate, Cocoa or Boiled / Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bourke street, l opposite Waxworks, \ We notice by announcement else r where that Mr E, Davis, who has bo J successfully managed Muskett's book \ and stationery business for the past / six years, has now taken the same in ) to his own hands. He has opened up \ a splendid stock of fancy goods, &c;„ / suitable for presents. He has also an J assortment of over 20,000 of French's \ acting editions of Plays. Opera House ( tickets (D.O. excepted) can also be ) obtained at this house. \ _ The attention of our lady readers f is directed to an announcement in our ) advertising columns that kilting and ) quilting in all kinds of materials is f done by the yard at the most mode ls rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. ) They are also desired to inspect some £ of the most improved kilting machines, ) which are on sale at the same depot, ) Matrimony. — Never were such \ great advantages held out to young ' people to marry as the present. A ) comfortable house may be furnished \ for you, with every requisite to make ' home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth ; street, who will arrange with you ' to pay him say five shillings per week ) out of your earnings, and he will give . you in return whatever furniture you ' require to build up a home Why ) delay ? Go and see Mr H. Marks and get married at once. Gem Portraits.— The young lady 1 who, while out sketching near Lome, , was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem I portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- > street east, opposite Age Office, has . Bince recognised the portrait as one that was taken at his studio about a 1 month ago. 