AUSTRALIANS. Fuosi "Tbutu." The fnct that Iord Bcaconsfiold's estate of Hughcnden-flhould havo been let for a term of yf»nrs to a rich Australian— Sir Samuel Wilson— is one possessing more than social interest. Thoso who admired in the Into Premier the self-made man who hnd triumphed over innumerable difficulties to reach tho highest ijosition in his native land, will acknowledge that thero is much fitness in tho selection of chance which litis brought as a temporary tonant of his Buckinghamshire manot-hoaso ono of tlio best representatives of Colonial aristocracy. Lord Beaconfifiold, who could not resist a lion-mot, may have onco joked about suc cessful Colonists, who "after fleecing a thousand flocks," came to spend their mon ey in the country which many of them still regard ns " home bub nono better than tho Tory lcadorunderstoodand appreciated tho qualities which a man must put forth iu Australia to fiecco bis thousands of flooks with success; nndpoliticallyspoaking, ho was sufficiently alive to the importance of promoting colonial prosperity to look np- on every loan who returned from Australia with a largo fortune honestly acquired as n valuable examplo and a public benefactor. It is not likely that if ho could havo been consulted on tbe subject Lord Benconsfield would have preferred to sco Hughonden let after his death to a rich Hobrow stock broker, or to a Lancashire - cotton-cornerer, sooner than to a man whose life teaches a raoro useful nntional lesson than any which are to be picked up in Capcl-court. Tbe chances aro that he would have preferred a distinguished Colonist to any other tenant. His fanciful mind would cosily have. con ceived what roflcotions would bo suggested, not only to tho peoplo of his country, but to all England, by associating his homo with a typo of man of whom Englishmen always fool justly proud j and whereas ho . might have winced at tho idea of Sir Georgias Midas yawning in tho study where he bad written " Lothair" and pondered over Imperial policy, ho could only havo rojoiced at tho thought that his house would be occupied by au Australian gentle; man of culturo, who may claim to bo re ceived into tho best society of Bueks on his own merits. The colonist has' rough enemies to fight with in rain, sheep-rot, dingoes, difficulties of transport, bush-fires, and -other posts, not tho least of whioh is tho dobt ho may havo incurred by borrow ing money to start with. Ha has to suffer privations too. . Ho has wilfully out him self off from most of tho comforts and re finements of life, and thero must bo times when failure almost breaks bis heart and tempts him sorely to roturn to tho old country with suoh littlo money as lie may bo ablo to ' muster, and to try some now venture whilst he has -still youth and strength in him. But tho man of good grit perseveres, and assuredly gets his har vest in time, though it may be long com ing, and may not always rcaliso the dreams firbt indulged in' wheh it doe's como. It is, thereforo, hot only ungracious to. sneer at tbe novcatui riches of . Australia, 'but to do so argues a . 8toae pqrv'ereidn' Of: thOi sense of humour. ' Compare- with tho ca- reer of A proeporous Australian cqnattcr that of tho successful politician, barrister, or novelist at homo, and ask whether au thor, lawyer, and statesmon do so much for the good of. mankind in their several ways as tho colonist who 'has reolaimcd waste lands,- helped to found cities, and to civilise whole continents. Wo may admit tho superior claims of tho author if ho. bo a Dickens, of tho lawyer if ho bo a Cockburn, of tho statesman if ho bo a Gladstone; .but our homo qrofessions aro not filled with geniusos only, and wo Bhould have to koop constantly on tho laugh if wo mado merry at ovory man of second rate , abilities amongst us who grow rich. It is Baid that Australians frequently express themselves very bluntly about England, and Mr. Anthony Trollopo, in his entertaining book of travels at tbo Antipodes, has given us tlio reason of this. The Australians fcol sore at tlio slighting way in which they, ; aud tho connection of their colonies to tho British Empire, are occasionally spoken of amongst us. They resent tho sheers at their origin, tlio. disparagement of thoir manners and customs (mostly mado by ig norant writors wbo'appear to think that an Australian gentleman or lady novor roads or travels, wheroaa iu fact the well-to-do Australians read aud travel ns, much as Americans), and they nro mado angry by flippant declarations that wo can get on very woll without them if they chooao to break thoir tio with us. The WAirauNYAii Water Supply,— In our iasuo of tlio 4th' NoTomber wo droir attention to tho fact that up to that date no satisfactory answer hod boon recoived to a letter addressed to tho Railway Do- nnrtuiont on tbo abovo subject. Wo nro now in a position to state tl.at a reply from tlio Dopartmont has boon procured by Mr H, Bolton, inombor for Momi, on t bo 8tli Novombor, and is to th Wdown a tanlc bo provided and pipes laid dow tlio Dopartmont would allow its onglno to pump tbo water for tlio supply. Sure i y tho people of Wahgunyah ought to bo satisfied now ! ! 1 Success depends upon a liberal patronage of printing offlcos.—Arior. , esr My son, deal with those who advortiso; you. will novor lose oy iVaufcUm ' : 