V Varieties. / I Heard a Boniface, who keeps a comfortable \ hotel not a hundred miles down the Bay, tell a / good yarn the other eTening. A. young follow \ who had come into some property, and fancied / himself a bit, took up his quarters at the hotel, \ for the purpose of having a pop at the rabbits, / which were pretty plentiful in the neighbor- ) uuuu. uu ins arrival ne torn tne waiter to / bring him a pint bottle of " gold top." "Iam \ afraid we are out of gold top" said the waiter, ( but we havo some Moet, silver-top, capital wine, \ sir." "My good fellow," said the bloated ( capitalist, "I never drink silver-top; if you ) have nothing better than that, I cannot re- ( main here." " I will acquaint the landlord, ) sir," said the waiter, "and see if ho has any ( left." Now mine host, who had taken stock of ) his customer, was equal to the occasion. Ho ( had a good stock of vigorine in the house, so, ) washing off the label, in went the waiter with ( a bottle of gold-top, and informed the gent" ) that his master had found a case. The next ( few minutes was an anxious time for that ) landlord, but his mind was made easy when his f customer strolled into the bar and expressed y himself delighted with the "'Fizz." "Look ( here, old fellow," he said, " Don't you part with ) any of that gold-top, I can polish oil the case ( before I leave." " He remained a week," said ) Boniface, " and when he paid his bill, which ( included twenty-four bottles of gold-top, at six ) shillings a bottle, be pnid me tbe compliment ( of saying that he never drank better gold-top ) in his lit c, for it did not give him the head- C ache." ) The attention of onr lady readers \ is directed to an announcement in our / advertising columns that kilting and ) quilting in all kinds of materials is \ done by the yard at the most mode- / rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street. ) They are also desired to' inspect some \ of the most improved kilting machines, / which are on sale at the same depot. ) Gem Pobtraits.— The young lady \ who, while out sketching near Lome, ( was burned to death by a bushfire,has J since been identified through a gem ) portrait being found amongst the \ remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro- r prietor of the Gem Studio, Oollins- J street east, opposite Age Office, has \ since recognised the portrait as one r that was taken at his studio about a month ago. 