S News and Notes. ) The world-renowned Fakir of Oolu \ is giving his charming drawingroom ( entertainment at St. George's Hall J nightly, assisted by his daughter, MiBS \ Daisy Silvester, Miss Emelier Bean- r mont, and Madame Silvester, also Mr J Lacie (ventriloquist) and Mr J. Sum-. \ mers Brewn. . The entertainment, is / highly spoken of by. all who have ) witnessed it, the entranced lady (Miss \ Daisy Silvester), the ventriloquial r efforts of Mr Lacie, the witticisms of J the' Fakir, and above all the beautiful \ fairy fountain, elicit universal admi- / ration. ) Mr W. R. Furlong notifies that C he has removed his mvsic studio to / those handsome premises situate near j Russell-street in Latiobe- street, where C there is a large hall and eveiy con- r venience for students of the vocal ) art. L American Waltham Watches r were awarded the Only Two First ) Prizes at the Melbourne International Exhibition,- 1880-1, being higher r awards than any other Exhibitor of ) Watches received. . The best Meat Pie in the Oity, 2d.; r Tea, Coffee, Chocolate, Cocoa or Boiled ) Milk, 2d. 124 and 126 Bonrke street, opposite Waxworks, ' We feel it our duty to call attention ) to the New- Davis Vertical Feed . Sewing Machine, which has. carried ' off the only first prite at the Mel- ) bourne International Exhibition. C Some of the competitors, however, f: were not satisfied with the awards, i and protested. The Experts, how- C' ever, upheld the decision and gave / the first prize for their Family Ma- l chine and the same for Hand. . .Messrs i W. F. Dixon and Co., of 87. Elizabeth / street, are the sole agents, and in- ) tending purchasers and those interest- ( ed would do well to call and. inspect ) these singularly-successful machines. ) We have received from Mr P. G. I Dixon samples of Bodawater made ' from water specially brought from ) Mount Macedcn. The sodawater is . excellent, and is of course free from ' that nauseating taste so clearly dis- ) cernable in sodawater or other cordials . made from the filthy Yen Yean. We ' have also received from Mr Dixon a | sample of the Mount Macedon water, which it is quite a treat to drink, after ' having for some time to put up with l the beastly stuff supplied by the Public Works Department, Gem Portbaitb,— The young lady who, while out sketching near Lome, , was burned to death by a bushfire, has since been identified through a gem i portrait being found amongst the remnants. Mr Edelsten, the pro prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- i street east, opposite Age Office, has since recognised the portrait as one ' that was taken at his studio about a ' month ago, Matrimony. — Never were such great advantages held out to young i people te marry as the present. A comfortable house maybe furnished for you, with every requisite to make home happy, by simply calling upon Mr Henry Marks, of 186 Elizabeth street, who will arrange with you to pay him say five shillings per week out of your earnings, and he will give you in return whatever furniture you require to build up a home Why delay ? Go and see Mr H, Marks and get married at once, i Attention is directed to the pros pectus of Bridges' art-union, 'published elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis tribution of prizes, from £1000 down to £20 in value. Speculators cannot do better than inveBt in this legitimate affair. Result op Flattery. — An un successful lover was asked by what means he lost his lady fair, " Alas I" cried he, " I flattered her until she got too prond to Bpeak to me." 