CHURCHES IN COUNTRY DIS TO THE EDITOB OP 'ixut AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,—Will you Allow me to offer a remark <y_Jwo ®P°a the letter of your correspondent, Pro Deo et Ecclesia," in your issue of 12th •Mt The letter is, in tone end temper, very admirable, so that I have no intention to criticise its statements, though 1 do not quite agree with all of them; but my purpose is to offer some explanations, which—at least so far as concerns the church to which I have the honour to belong—will serve to show that the views of your correspondent are both held and practised to a larger extent than his letter appears to indicate. L As a matter of fact, the Wesleyan ministers do not" secure .a certain income at Btarting on their mission." They go where they are sent by their annual conference, and their incomeB differ with different places, so that a man may, in one "circuit," receive a considerably less income than in another. Yet I never knew a minister refuse to go to aby appointment because he could not have a1 definite sum equal to what he hadtoeen receiving in some other "circuit;", nor have. I; ever known more than two or three cases where ministers have stipulated for the re ceipt of a particular ealaryr - 2\. One of the great complaints made by many of those-who "give* liberally " is, that they are not allowed to exercise the influence ' in the direction and management of church affairs to which, as they think, their con tiibutions entitle them. Your correspondent's remarks on this subject, therefore, do not apply to the Wesleyan church, for in it none can hold office who are not "members " id the strict sense of the word—that is, who dp.toot "meet in class"—no matter how ] '{liberal" they may be in, to use the>words 'of your correspondent, ''subscriptions, do 'tuitions, basaars, foreign missions, money for ? presentation to ministers on frequent occa 1 elona, ordinary and extraordinary oollections »at church, at tea meetings, the requirements of Sunday-schools, seat rents," fee. ; 13. The " free sdeotors," amid their "sea 'spns of bad crops, Iosb of cattle, bush-fires, 1 sickness, debts, and the too long promised roads or railways," have not been neglected ' npr overlooked, as your correspondent inti teates. It is not that "some ministers of sjmdiy denominations at odd times have ' gone out to see what could be done for the selectors." The Weeleyan Church for years pbsthas sent ministers and home mission aries to live and labour among these selec tors, from the borders of South Australia on the one hand to the extreme of fiippe Jjand 'on the other. And these have been sent, not at the charge of toe " straggling selectors," tout at the expense, either in whole or in path, of toe Home Missionary Society. I 'send with this a copy of the " Minutes of toe Vjictorian Conference," and I have marked those stations which are occupied by ministers ;apd home. missionaries, from which you y ill see that twenty stations are thuBoocu -p ed by twenty different persons, all of whom 'a e supported in whole or part by the Home 1 issionaryi Society. In addition, them is' 0 it minister who acts as secretary to the !b idiety, devotes thewhole of his tone in . a tending to itb interests, and in viaiting And folding services in various parte oF the c )untry occupied by the missionaries* On t tern 20 stations there have been erected . a )out 45 churches of various sixes arid mate r ate, towards the cost of which thefloildihg a ndLoauFondtoaa given large essisteuos; • ad there are about #0 preaching places in 1 anses, schoolrooms, &o.;, in addition' to these c ^arches; ■ In thsse various places an are r ige of over 200eerrioes are held every Sub--, c sy, heeides week-night services.- About 50 Sunday schools are ata> conducted dn these Boees. As I have not toe report of toe ome Missionary Society at -hand I cannot give the exabt .figures, but the Above art > a ppraximatelly' correct. These ,20. mission a lies, in the performance of their duties, t asm Ascdi Of thete snore teaa 3,000 miles a year. prescbing fcnd vUitingamong ths s jottered. selectors.: Obey are: assisted hy a bout >901ay 'pnaohete;: whose disinterested ; I .hours are beyond alltpraise,:together iwitha . i umber of flunday-school teachers arid other helpers. About £2,300 ib expended annually by the Home Missionary Society, the greater part of which is devoted to the maintenance of the mission stations of which I have been speaking. I will not occupy more of your valuable space, but I trust what I have Baid will convince your correspondent and your numerous readers _ that the Wesleyan Church, at least, is trying to fulfil the " commission of the GoBpel to ' go' and ' do' their own share of the work," and is Btriving to get " all they can in any way to join with -them J>y.. -aiding with time or money" in this < jtrork of supplying the spiritual wants of " their less fortunate brethren in the far-off sections of the hnnh " JOHN C. SYMONS. Hawthorn, Nov. 14. 