( News and Notes. C We feel it onr duty to call attention r to the New Davis Vertical Feed 1 Sewing Machine, which has carried C off the only firtt price at the M,el- / bourne International JKxnibition. \ Borne of the competitors, however, ( were not satisfied with the awards, ? and protested. The Experts, how- S ever, upheld the decision and; gave ( the first prize for their Family Ma- V chine and the same for Hand. Messrs S W. F, Dixon and Oo., of 87 Elizabeth f Btreet, are the sole agents, ani in- ) tending purchasers and those intorest- \ ad would do well to call and inspect ( these singularly-successful machines. / Matrimony. — Never were such I great advantages held out to young I people te marry as the present. A f comfortable house may be furnished » for you, with every requisite to make f home happy, by simply calling upon ) Mr Henry 'Marks, ef 186 Elizabeth V street, who will arrange with you r to pay him say five shillings per week ) out of your earnings, and he will give k you in return whatever furniture you r require to build up a home Why ) delay 1 Go andree Mr H. Marks and \ get married at once. f Mr W. R.' Furlong notifies that ) he has removed his music studio to k those handsome premises situate near f Russell-street in Latrobe-street, where ) there is a large hall and every con- k venience for students of the vocal f art. ) Attention is directed to the pros- k pectus of Bridges' art-union, published r elsewhere. It embraces a liberal dis- I tribution of prizes, from £1000 down v to £20 in value. Speculators cannot r do better than invest in this legitimate ) affair. Gem Portraits.— The young lady f who, while out sketching near Lome, i was burned -to death by a bushfire, has C since been identified through a gem ? portrait . being found, amongst the ) remnants. ; \ Mr Edelsten, the pro- f prietor of the Gem Studio, Collins- f street east, opposite Age Office, has \ since recognised the portrait as one ' that was token at his studio about a ' month ago. V We have received a sample of a r new non-alcohio beverage, entitled ) "Vigorene," from Mr E. Rowlands, ) cordial manufacturer. It is a pleasant sparkling drink, and is highly re- ) commended by Mr Johnson, Govern- v ment anaylitical chemist, and Joseph Flude, superintendent of laboratories, ) as being a pure, wholesome beverage. I It should prove a very desideratum to the teetotal community especially, The attention of our lady , readers ) is directed to an announcement in our . advertising columns that kilting and ' quilting in all kindB of materials is ) done by the yard at the most mode- rate rates at 79 Elizabeth street, ) They are also desired to inspect some \ of the most improved kilting machines, r which are on sale at the same depot. r . A Fortune for Ten Shillings.— I We would direct the attention of our C readers, to the valuable prizes offered ? by the Sandhurst-Masonic Art Union, » the drawing for' which is positively C fixed for the 31st inst, The published I list of gentlemen who have kindly j consented to superintend the drawing f is a sufficient guarantee to the public / that everything will be carried out on k the great Masonic Principle — " on the f cquare." To thoBe who believe in the / old proverb — Nothing venture no- \ thing have— should lose no time in 1 . securing their tickets, which may be ) had at -the office, next Royal Mail k Hotel,' Bourke-street east, ' f We have received a copy of a new ) pamphlet called " Pagliano, Medicine k for Fathers of Families or everyone ( his own and Children's Doctor." It J 1 emanates from Florence, Italy, where k Professor Girolamo Fagliano has f written the book to relieve the human ) race, and instruct, the people, in prac- k tical medicine. With his Pagliano r Herbal Syrup he treats the )d, and ) so aims at the root of discas:. A y nhmber of testimonials are, gi\ en from . I sufferers, who have benefitted by this y remedy. . This truly marvellous medi- k . cine can be had from Mr . Evans, ' Chemist, Evans' Medical Hall, 92 ) Stephen-street. Mr Evans has -im . ported the medicine direct from Pro- ' fessor Girolamo Pagliano's establish- | meat, Flofence. The- hooks of in- . struction ate published in English, at ' the express wish of Mr D. Evans, the nly ones impcrted here in that lan- gfiage-Price with pamphlet 5s. or ' .Stamps by letter, address D. Evans, ; Evans' - Medical Hall, 'Btephen-Btreat. Mr'Evans hi»B received an Invoice, of No 1 Triesmar (by royal letters patent of ' England). This celebrated Medi cine is in the form of a Lozenge, and as a sovereign Remedy for- all Ner vous Disorders has proved a great success. , The following testimonial 'to the efficacy of Hood's Corn' Solvent- will' be read with interest by those who suffer and do not know where to find relief forjthe troublesome complaint of corns : — '"Sir — Being'severcly tried by a large and most troublesome corn on the top of one of my toes for more thah forty years, and having, bad it twice pretended to be taken- out, and I have often, tried other means to dissolve our union, but all in vain. I Was at length induced by your recom mendation to try " Hood's Corn Sol vent," which, I am happy to say,- in : five days from its being first applied, enabled me most successfully to triumph over my unwelcome com panion; to get rid of which I have several times had serious thoughts of having the toe amputated. I am now, after waiting ten or twelve months to see if he would return, entirely free from all pain it occasioned, as well as any appearance of its return, I have recommended it to some of my family and friends, who have been equally successful in removing these old and troublesome intruders. You have my- full sanction to use this as you please, for I consider the Solvent to be a great boon and a sure and safe remedy for corns, if properly applied the full time and in the manner prescribed, — I re main yours respectfully, H. W. Morti mer. To Mr M Knight, Chemist, Rich- mond." 