TELEGRAPMC INTELLIGENCE. [REITTEK'S TELEGRAMS.] SYDNEY, FRIDAY. ; A ship has arrived .it Newcastle, from Wellington, bringing fifty immigrants in search of employment. It is intended to terminate the session in a fortnight, if possible. The Rev. J. D. Langley accompanies the Bishop of Sydney to Europe. Messrs Wright, Heaton and Co., contracting carriers, are reputed to have offered a bonus of £100 for the first four teams going direct from Bourkc to Mount Brown. The Sylasy roaring eight have been training for a week, l>ut their improvement is not considered satisfactory. Grand Flaneur is quoted at 8 to 1 for the Sydney Cup. The .-lii'tnsn band had a jcrammed house -at NevrcE-stle. ADELAIDE, FRIDAY. A meci:2£ of electors was held at Buna yesterday to I'.cir four candidates. Mr Bees expressed general concurrence with Mr Morgan's ^Rignimmc, but was opposed to a property fax. Mr Rotmdsvell favored a property tax, also an income tax, stamp duties, ami assisted immigration. Mr Bidgway did not cgusider increased taxation necessary, hat favored retrenchment. Mr Ebenezer Ward was opposed to a property tax. AH four candidates favored land-reform, 50 as tfl render the acquisition of land easier to small farmers and graziers. Votes ot confidence in favor of Messrs Ridgway, Sees, and RonndsvcH were passed, but one in favor of M r Ward was rejected. The Gitopasi has arrived from the Cape. Mr Pi-ilip Santo will not offer himself for rc-eleciiou to tlie Legislative Council, as he is jioing to Europe. Xearly ISiK) has hesn contributed to a fund for the relief of M 'Cartliy, a poor fellow who recently lust 1;;- wife and several nieriibe:- of liis family by a terrible bush-fire at Sanklin Harbor. The contractor at the Torrens' dam has offered to iia'id the work over to the City Council on certain terms, which, however, a.-e coiisiikved unsatisfactory. The council have determined to carry on the wort unconditionally <a 'iay labor. The superintendent of the reformatory a lra'ik has revised to deliver up a boy named Davis, v ]:n was removed there from the t industrial school by the chairman of a destitute hnaril. It is stated that the latter will e cc to pro3ecuted for illegally removing the boy. Wheat, 4 s 3d per bushel; market firm. Town GOUT, £10 OS to £10 10s per ton. Country flour. £9 3s to £9 10s. Freights from Adelaide to London, per Steamers:—Cereals, 4-3s; wool, scoured, 13-1M; cneasy, 11-lGd. Sailing ships:—Cereals, 45s; wool, scoured, Jd; greasy, Charters.—Adelaide to the United Kingdom, 42s (id to 45s. Outports to United Kingdom, 4.",s to 47s Gd. Charters dull. 