SERIOUS BUSH-FIRE NEAR EGERTON. Saturday. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] On the 27 th instant, A destructive fire originated in Mr. Lynch's paddock, Tea- Tree, about five miles from Kgerton, which swept all before it. The wind was blowing strong at the time, driving the flames at A rapid speed, destroying half A mite of log fencing, belonging to Mr Lynch, and a large quantity of grass. The fire continued its course into Mr P. C. Fitzpa trick's ground, and seemed to gain renewed vigor as it sped along, destroying the crop that had just been gathered in and stacked from IS acnes, together with about 200 acres of good grass, and fourteen toes of hay and a large quantity of peas ; also A large shed close to the dwelling house. The house itself was saved with great difficulty. All the fencing belonging to Mr Fitzp.itrick was consumed, so that bis loss is .very heavy. Being a man highly respected in the district, much sympathy is felt for him. The fire made its way into Mr Duncan Henderson's paddock, who is also a heavy loser by his £rass being burnt. His loss would no doubt lave been much more severe had it not been fortbe lately improved wire fencingon the land. The devastating dement made its way hence into MR M'Pherson's property, doing but little damage, as by this time a large number of men congregated, and by their «neigetic endeavors subdued the flames. Another tire almost simultaneously broke out on MR M'Pherson's ground, about 3 miles fromthe first one referred to, and destroyed about 2000 acres of good grass; from thence it went into Mr Thomas Cantwell's paddock, and . on about 7 miles towards the Ballan cemetery, doing A tremendous lot -of damage to the «ettl«"-, moat of whom had their lands enclose ' .. ^TH log fencing. This fire continued DOI:.^ great haToc until Friday morning. The Egerton police WERE out rendering all assistance in their power during the conflagration,, and making enquiries as to the origin of the fireB. Various opinions were, given, but the most feasible one is that during the terrific thunderstorm which passed over the place at the time, and the lightning being so terriSc and fiear, was the cause of it. A tree, just standing where one of the fires originated, _ was seen to be much shattered AN? charred, no doubt by the lightning. In support of this conjecture, I may mention that a few laborers repairing a road adjoin- ing the township saw a tree struck with the electric fluid which ignited, and had it not been for their timely exertions I should have had to record a still more extensive fire. 