TOWN TALK. Reuter telegraphs that the address in re- ply to the Queen's speech was voted unani- mously in the House of ommons on Thurs- day evening, the amendments of the Irish members being overwhelmingly rejected Intelligence from South America states that sanguinary fighting has taken place between the Chilians and Pe- ruvians, the former being signally victorious, and ultimately entering Lima, the capital of Peru. President Pierota has fled, and the war is virtually ended. Sir Patrick and Lady Jennings, visitors to the Melbourne International Exhibition, and who have journeyed from New South Wales, came to Geelong yesterday. They are residing at Mack's Hotel, as guests of the hon. James McBain, M.L.C. During the afternoon the visitors were taken for a drive by Mr McBain to the botanical gar- dens and other sites in the immediate vicinity of the town. The Geelong Artillery band, we learn by telegram, obtained the fourth place only in the band competition at Melbourne. There were eight competing bands. Scanty information regarding the railway, arrangements for the accomodatioon of in- tending visitors to the International Exhibi- tion in Melbourne has been given by the Railway Department, by advertisement. We have taken some trouble to find out the plans for next week. There will be special trains from Geelong on Monday morning at five minutes past nine o'clock, returning from Melbourne at 5.15.p.m. The special trains from Geelong will pick up passengers at stations between this place and the metro. polls. On Tuesday a special train will leave Ballarat at 6.35 a. m., a quarter of an hour after the ordinary train, and run to Mel- bourne, picking up all passengers at stations between Ballarat and Geelong, but none at Geelong or stations from here to Melbourne. This train will leave Ballarat each morning up to and including Saturday, 29th inst. The tickets will be issued at half the holiday excursion rates for adults, and children under 12 years of age. These tickets will be avail- able for return by any ordinary train up to the last one from Melbourne on Saturday night. Complaints have been made by schoolmasters that no holiday for schools in Geelong has heen proclaimed by the Minister of Education, and that by the Railway Department's arrangement scholars 15 years of age will be required to pay adult fares when travelling. These draw backs will no doubt prevent the schools from going to Melbourne by the special train on Monday next. A distressing accident occurred yesterday afternoon at the quarries, Limeburner's Point, to a laborer named Joseph Hampson, a resident of Chiwell. It appears that a blast, which had already exploded once, and was considered over, required a further charge of powder, and while the man ap- proached it to carry out the operation, the blast, which proved to be unspent, went off suddenly for a second time, inflicting very serious injuries on the unfortunate man. One of his eyes was totally destroyed, the face charred and blackened, the arms and shoulders lacerated, and the system severely shaken. He was taken to the hospital, where Dr. Scott speedily attended to him, and di- rected him to remain as an in-patient in the accident ward. An accident was prevented from occurring yesterday afternoon by the promptitude and pluck displayed by Mr F. Upjohn, the well- known cab proprietor. A horse attached to a wagonettee, containing a lady and four children, bolted from the gates at the bota- nical gardens, the lady, who was driving, being unable to check the animal in its mad flight. The horse tore along Malop- street at a fearful rate, and when passing the cabstand opposite the "Victoria Hotel the animal was caught by the head by Mr Upjohn, who held on to the reins and ran along with the horse for some distance. Mr Upjohn succeeded in gaining a strong grip of the head piece of the harness, and by clinging to it managed to turn the horse into Moorabool-street, and stopped its further progress opposite the exhibition building. Yesterday forenoon the racecourse privi- leges were sold at auction by Messrs Ogilvie and Robinson. The prices realised were exceedingly satisfactory, and the large atten- dance of buyers at the rooms indicated the amount of interest which is taken in the summer meeting of the Geelong Racing Club on the 28th and 29th inst., next Friday and Saturday. The privileges were sold as follows :—Publicans' booth under the new grand stand in the public reserve, Mr Jas. Wheeler, £35; right to collect toll to the new grand stand, Mr Wm.Quinn, £27 ; No. 1 publican's booth, below the public reserve Mr J. O'Keefe, £21; No. 2 publican's, booth Mr P. O'Toole, £9 10s ; right to col- lect fees from owners of wheels of fortune and other of the travelling fraternity, Mr T. Hurley, £6 15s; publican's booth and cater- ing at the grand stand and in the saddling paddock, Mr J. Godney, £71 the oyster stall. Mr Wm. Bigmore, £5. The fire which occurred on the Watch Hill estate on Wednesday, and by which about 150 acres of the estate, 100 acres of Mr John Darcy's land, and 30 acres be- longing to Mr Hartney, were destroyed, was deliberately started by a sun downernamed Henry Cutmore, and after doing so he walked coolly into Mr Hartney's hotel in Oudit, and told a number of persons that he lighted the fire. As Cutmore continued to talk in a threatening and dangerous manner, information was for- warded to the Colac police station, and Senior-constable Hall at once went out and arrested him. He was brought before Mr Cooper, J.P., at the Colac Police Court Thursday, and remanded for seven days. At the Police Court yesterday, before the ,\ Mayor and Mr Richard Clarke, J.P., a woman named Jane Brehant pleaded not guilty to a charge of being drunk and disor- derly. The evidence of Constable Curran was taken to prove the charge. In defence the prisoner said that she had been attacked by one of her usual fits, which had been mistaken for drunkenness. Constable McGreal informed the Court that the pri- soner had only the day previous been dis- charged from doing a six months' sentence in gaol for vagrancy. The Court found her guilty, and fined her £2, or in default one month's imprisonment. Another inebriate received a like punishment for a second offence. The capture of Charles Cassells, who es- caped from the gaol on the afternoon of the 21st ultimo, was effected at Emerald Hill on Thursday last and he will, in all probability, be brought before the Police Court this morn- ing. It may be remembered that the run away at the time of his escape made himself free with £6 in money belonging to the Chief Warder, Patrick Guerrin, a well as sundry articles of clothing, the pro- perty of the same individual. Dr. Dobie, recently of Colac, was found dead in his bed at Durham Ox on Thursday morning. He is supposed to have been a brother of Miss Dobie, the young artist who was so brutally murdered by the Maori Tuhi in Hew Zealand a few weeks since. No time has been lost in commencing to load the ship Arethusa, which is now lying alongside the railway pier. A large quan- tity of wheat was placed into the vessel's hold yesterday. An engine driver named James Blend, who resides at Ceres, was treated at the hospital yesterday, for injuries received to one of his fingers by a threshing machine. Late on Thursday night a laborer named John King, employed on the railway at Werribee, fell into a drain and fractured his left leg. He wa brought to town by the first train yesterday morning, and taken to the hospital. The barque Elizabeth, 263 tons register, Captain H. Smith, from the Mauritius, consigned to Messrs Dalgety, Ibbotson and Co. laden with 335 tons of sugar for them and 66 casks of sulphur for Melbourne, after an uneventful voyage of 48 days, was safely brought to moorings alongside the Yarra street wharf last evening. She brings three lady passengers, namely:— Mrs Reanand and Misses Reanand and Martin, all en route for Adelaide. The captain reports that he left the Mauritius on the 4th December last, with light S.E. winds, which con- tinued till sighting Amsterdam lsland, where the wind went round, and blew fresh from the westward, and lasted up to the Leewin, the ship doing this part, 1400 miles, of the voyage in nine days. Baffling winds were then encountered till off Cape Northumberland, when a heavy gale from the north-east set in, which lasted for three days, carrying the ship down to 43 degrees south. The wind then shifted to the north west, and ultimately to the south-west, which lasted to Port Phillip Heads. The wreck of the Hereford was passed at a dis- tance of about four miles, the wind blowing strong from the south-west at the time. The Elizabeth appears in very clean and excel- lent order. She will enter at the Customs this morning, and, if possible, commence dis- charging on Monday. The Elizabeth brings Mauritius files to the 3rd ult. Yesterday the junior portion of the scholars of the Yarra-street Wesleyan Sun- day school held their annual picnic in the Botanical Gardens. There were about 200 youngsters present, under the charge of Messrs Crook, Lane, and other teachers, and they appeared to thoroughly enjoy the amusement and good things provided. The new boiling apparatus for making tea, and provided by the Works Committee of the Town Council, through the agency of Ald. Aitchison, for the use of picnic parties, was tried and answered satisfactorily. At last night's meeting of the Catholic Young Men's Association, the first number of the Magazine for the new year was sub- mitted. It comprised the following contri- butions:—Editorial, "Farewell address," by Mr J. F. Hogan; "A Few Words on Ire- land," by " Sympathiser" Critics and Criticisms," by Mr W. H. Bayley; "Parnell and his Mischievous Policy," by "H.B. " Thoughts on the Hospital Annual Meet- ing," by Mr J. J. Trait; " Our President's Departure," by Mr G. Butler ; and " The Geelong School of Arts," by "Rambler." Considerable satisfaction was expressed at the quality and quantity of the contribu- tions. Mr J. L. Hall, the comedian, intends to settle in Adelaide. Mrs Hall retires from the stage. A Ballarat mining man has bought a donkey. The Star says it is the only one of the forefooted kind resident in that city. The Ballarat Gas Company has reduced its charge per 1000 cubic feet to 10s, the reduction to take place from the 1st prox. The Colac Herald states that of the 150 young fish obtained by the local society from Sir Samuel Wilson on Wednesday, only one survived the journey. A correspondent of the Horsham Times, addressing through that journal the farmers of the district, points out to them that Geelong is the cheapest port for shipment of wheat by 1s 9d per ton. A boy named McDougall, nine years of age, was killed at Callamadda on Wednesday night last by a dray in which he was sitting overturning upon him through the wheel passing over a stump. A man named Richard Davis was driving the engine of a threshing machine near Echuca on Wednesday morning, when he fell and the machine passed over him, crush- ing in his ribs. His case is considered hope- less. The correspondent of the Argus at Blackall telegraphs that Mr Skuthorpe still persists in keeping the Leichardt relics unseen. The coach left last Wednesday for Brisbane, but Mr Skuthorpe was not a passenger. In the libel case, Skuthorpe v: Editor of the Western Champion, arising out of some comments made by the paper in relation to the Leichardt relics, the editor has been committed for trial at Rockhampton in April next. The Central Road Board, Adelaide, has expressed a strong objection to the practice of occupying the centres of roads by tram- ways, considering it detrimental to road traffic. We (Courier) regret very much to hear that Mr Fincham, M.L.A., who is in Mel- bourne at present, has been confined to his room since Tuesday, suffering from some spasmodic complaint. A few days' rest will, we hope, be sufficient to restore Mr Fincham to health again. The Kyneton Guardian chronicles a pecu- liar accident:—"On Saturday, as Mr. J. B. Drummond, C.P.S., was opening his office door, the wind blew the end of an envelope he was holding into the corner of his eye. Mr Drummond, in consequence of this accident, has been unable to perform his duties at the Police Court for a few days." On Wednesday a destructive bush-fire occurred near Burnt Bridge, completely de- vastating the paddocks of Messrs Conley, Kells, Hucker, and Murphy; over 400 acres of good grass, with a large amount of fencing, being destroyed. It was with great difficulty that the house and hay-stacks of Mr Murphy were saved. Mr F. McCullagh, of Buckrabanyule, was (the St. Arnaud Times relates) last week the victim of a wanton outrage. It appears that with his family the gentleman in question went to Qnambatook, and on his return to the Buckrabanyule residence found that the house had been completely wrecked. Rob- bery would not appear to have been the object of the depredators, as though many valuable articles were destroyed nothing was removed. A shocking accident (says the Bendigo Advertiser) occurred on Tuesday morning. A man named Gordon, a splitter on Gun- bower Island, in the Murray, had been in to attend the police court, Kerang, and was on his way home alone, driving a horse and cart. The next that was heard of him was the finding of his dead body in a dam on the Pyramid Creek, the cart and the lifeless carcase of the horse also being found in the water. It is supposed that the poor fellow must have fallen asleep, and the horse be- coming thirsty when it saw the water plunged in for a drink beyond its depth, hence the horrible catastrophe. On Wednesday afternoon (says the Ben- digo Independent) a Chinese digger named Sing Fong presented himself at the counter of Mr C. Edwards, gold-broker, of William son-street, and sold no fewer than twelve small parcels of what appeared to be gold. The stuff was immediately put in a cupola and smelted, when it was discovered that the substance was nothing more than small pieces of lead covered with gold leaf. The gold leaf was so cleverly put on that, pre- vious to the smelting, the swindle could not be detected. The Chinaman was imme- diately given into the custody of Constable O'Connor, and taken to the lock-up. At a special meeting of the members of the Victorian Co-operative Dress Supply Association, held on Wednesday last at Mel- bourne, Dr. Cutis presiding, on the motion of Mr Seymour, seconded by Mr Bruce, it was decided " That this meeting cordially approves and hereby affirms the action of the directors, taken in the interests of the share holders, in settling the claim of the origina- tor of the Company for a cash payment in one sum of £250." This motion had reference to an agreement the directors had effected with Mr Washington Rivers. At the meet- ins it was also decided to commence business upon a limited scale as speedily as possible. The general manager said that a large in- crease of shareholders was expected imme- diately after business was commenced. Mr Milner Stephen, in a letter under date 15th January, remarks:—"I shall conclude by throwing out a challenge to the 'ex- president of the Medical Society of Victoria.' At the next gathering of the afflicted poor, for the benefit of my 'imaginary' gift of healing, I will select three cases, and place them before the audience. Dr. Gray shall then select nine of his brethren, to sepa- rately write diagnoses of the cases, not three of which shall agree with his own. I will then blindfold a young girl, who shall forth with diagnose each case so correctly, that I will instantly cure them, or send them away relieved from all pain — unless, indeed, they prefer submitting themselves to Dr. Gray's treatment for a season." Mr Charles O'Neill, writing to the Argus about earthquakes, in one portion of his letter makes the following remarks :—"l am inclined to agree with Mr Mallet that the centres of earthquakes are near the sea, al- though Agram is an exception to this rule, and earthquakes take place all over the world. I have been told that Victoria has had earthquakes, and some years ago, when there was a strong spirit of rivalry between Geelong and Melbourne, a severe shock was felt at both towns, and the Punch of the day stated that when the mayor of Geelong felt the shock, he sprang out of bed, and al- though his sleeping costume was not too long, he braved the storm, rushed to the telegraph office, and wired to Melbourne— ' Geelong had the first shock !'" The Berlin Official Gazette publishes a royal rescript creating an Economic Council for Prussia of 75 members, who are to hold office for five years. Their duties will be to examine and report upon all measures affect- ing the interests of trade, commerce, farming, and forestry before they are submitted to the Emperor for his approval. Forty-five of the members of this council are to be nominated by the Ministers of Trade and Commerce, Public Works, and Agriculture, from 90 names sent up by the chambers of com- merce, trading corporations, and agricultural societies of the provinces of Prussia ; and the 30 remaining members are to be freely selected by the Departmental Ministers concerned from the 90 names submitted, on condition that at least 15 of them must be long to the handicraft and laboring class. A dreadful accident happened at the Great Southern mine on Thursday afternoon, by which two brothers, named David and Thomas Clapperton, lost their lives. When the men who had gone to work on the morning shift were being relieved, they stepped on the cage at the surface for the purpose of going below. The engine- driver proceeded to lower the cage, but after it had descended about 40 feet the clutch of the drum broke, and the cage containing the unfortunate men was precipitated a dis- tance of about 450 feet. When the men reached the bottom of the shaft it was found that one of the brothers—David—was dead, and the other was in a dying condi- tion. Both were removed to the surface, and a doctor sent for, but the still surviving brother lived only a few minntes. Both brothers were unmarried, David being 33 and Thomas 27 years of age. The following memorandum of the scale of rations, &c.;, to be drawn by Cetewayo and his attendants appears in a Blue Book of correspondence respecting South African affairs, recently issued:—for Cetewayo and women, 15lb beef (fresh), 9lb bread, 6lb sweet potatoes (or other kind), 1lb coffee, 21b sugar, 3oz salt, 2 candles per week, 30lb coal or 100lb wood (the wood, for pre- ference), 1 bar soap per week. For four men attendants, four ordinary native ra- tions, viz., 41b mealie meal, 6 fresh meat, 2oz salt. Writing of the extension of trade with India as one result of the Intercolonial Ex- hibition, the Argus remarks—"We think there can be no doubt that Indian tea will grow in public favor, and that we shall be able to pay for it by return shipments of light, palatable wine. Many people appear to prefer the flavor of the tea grown in the Assam, Darjeeling, and other districts to that extracted from the leaf supplied by China. On the other hand, we have heard that good samples of our wine have been much appreciated in Indian bungalows. Here, then, we have the small beginnings of an increased business, and nothing but a little care is wanted during its early days in order to make it a substantial reality. The great danger which attends the introduction of an article into a new market is the possi- bility of inferior specimens being brought forward, whereby prejudices are excited which take years to overcome." The Home News says:—"The story about The Times having offered £1000 for early proofs of Endymion (the Earl of Beacons- field's new novel) is believed to be cor- rect; but whether that about the Standard having increased the offer to £1500 is also correct is not so certain. At all events, Mr Longman refused them both, and yet the Standard was enabled to be not only a day in advance of its contemporaries, but also a day in advance of the publishers themselves." A printer's error in the report published yesterday of the meeting of the Victoria Grand Division of the Sons of Temperance, makes it appear that the funds in hand amount only to £800. It should have read eight thousand. The Church of England Sunday Schools excursion to Queenscliff is probably the only one that will take place to that popular resort this season, and those of our readers who patronise the sea-side wonld do well : to avail themselves of this opportunity, particulars of which may be found in our advertising columns. Mr W. P. Carr will sell by auction, on the premises, at half-past 2 o'clock this afternoon, a neat little cottage property, known as Mr H. Daglish's, situate in Munday-street, South Geelong, suitable for factory hands, artisans, etc. On Wednesday next the cargo of Mauri- tius sugar, ex Elizabeth, will be offered for sale by auction,at Messrs Dalgety, Ibbotson and Co.' s stores, by Mr J. Davison The Masonic Art Urion at Sandhurst will for on the 26th March. There are 12,000 tickets at 10s each. Messrs Few and Sichlan and Mr H. Franks are the Geelong agents. Mrs McLaughlen's ladies' school Villa- manta-street, will re-assemble on the 1st proximo, and the music classes on Monday next. The half-yearly meeting of the Geelong Gas Company will be held at 4 p.m. on the 7th February. Services at the High Church will be con- ducted to-morrow by the Rev. John Steel. The Rev. A. Gosman will preach in the Congregational Church to-morrow morning and evening, and the Rev. Robert Day on Monday evening. The Rev. A. M. Moore will lecture in the Reformed Presbyterian Church to- morrow evening, the subject being "The objections to infant baptism. 