The miner, John Thomas, who had such a narrow escape from being smashed in a cage in the shaft of the East Hurdsfield mine on Thursday, and who now lies in the Hospital, was yesterday * much recovered from the effects of the accident. It appears that one of his ankles is dislocated, and he has two or three ribs broken, as well as a severe scalp wound. Thomas is, fortunately for his family, a member of the Miners' Association. We regret to hear that it is probable some difficulty is'likely to arise in connection with tiie construction of the branch railway line to Dowling Forest, owing to tile exorbitant demands made by the landowners for land through which the Btzrveycd line runs. Mr Bohlert, the secretary of the Ballarat Turf Glnb, yesterday received a letter from the Railway Department to the above effect, but we sincerely hope that some arrangements will be arrived at to allow the work to be proceeded with, tenders for which are returnable on 4th April next. We understand that in one instance the landowner has put in a claim for compensation at the rate of £600 per acre, and another demands £200 per acre for nearly worthless land. It may happen, however, that neither may obtain what they require, unless they reduce their pricc to more reasonable bounds. A weatherboard cottage at the Black Hill, Scaredale, belonging to a carter named Halvey, was burnt down early yesterday. The owner was aroused from sleep about a quarter to three in the morning by the smoke, and found that the shingles on the roof above the fireplace were on fire. He had only time to pull bis box oat and secure a coat and pair of trousers, before the place fell in. The burnt building, which contained two rooms, was insured in the Victoria Insurance Company for £75 by Mr Bankin, the Smythesdale agent for the company. The fire is sapposed to have been caused by some clothes which had been left to dry on a form catching fire. -Mr Halvey was also unfortunate enough to lose about 100 panels of fencing Ivy the bush-fire which was burning at Black Hill on Monday and Tuesday last. Mr Peter M'Cluskey again appeared at the City Police Court yesterday to ajoswer a charge of bigamy. Mr Finlayson appeared for the prosecution, and MrGannt for the defence. After the evidence in the ease had been heard, the bench committed the ac- cused to take his trial at the forthcoming assizes. Mr Gaunt reserved his defcnce. Bail, in two sureties of £109 each, and himself in £200. were allowed and obtained. A report appears in our police court news. A habit of loitering around night schy^ols is often practised by a certain class of boys, who at times create great disturbance, to the annoyance of teachers and scholars inside. However, — —' — a case came --- before --— the City rf Court .- J yesterday which might help to prevent this uuisance in future. A boy named Thomas Ryan had teen creating a row the other j evening outside the Urquhart street school, which caused the teacher to come outside to J ascertain the reason of such misconduct On j liis catching another i lad, the ™ defendant used obsccne language towards the teacher, and 1 the bench fined Ryan £3, in default one - month's imprisonment. Two other - - boys were implicated in the disturbance, but they, fortunately for themselves, could not be found. It would appear that the City Council do not intend to take any steps to remedy the White Flat Dam nuisance, notwithstanding the protests from time to time by residents on both sides of the Yarrowee. The last excuse pnt forth for allowing the continued existence of these fever-breeding beds is contained in the mayor's report to be presented to tiie council meeting on Monday next, and i3 as follows:—"Major Coucliman visited the White Flat Dams, and interviewed the lease applicants. There did not appear to bim anything offensive ill the ^present state of the water-holes, and the applicants having engaged to commence operations immediately on the issue of the lease, no farther action was deemed necessary. The presence of the municipal constable and the change of the weather have for the present put a stop to bathing in this locality." There might not appear to Major Coachman "anything offensive in the present state of the water-holes," but "tiie residents of Annstrong street south and Mount Pleasant have certainly a different opinion during-tiie hot summer weather. However, the City Council apparently think some exense necessary for not carrying out this much needed sanitary work, and therefore the ratepayers mnst continue to put up with the nuisance. The annnal competitions of the Prince of Wales Victorian Volunteer light Horse, were held at the park yesterday afternoon. The following were the successful competitors:— Post and pursuing prac*ice. Trooper T. Pariter, of Bokcwood, first; Trooper T. W. Clarke, second; Sergeant Quigley, third; Trooper 3. Taylor, of i&okewood;, fourth; and Trooper F. H. Ingle, fifth. Horsemahship— Sergeant Jenkins, first; Trooper H. A. Brown, Corindhap, second; aad Trooper T. Boyd, third. Major Caleb Anderson, with Staffmajor Moorhead, Captain and Adjutant Henderson, Lieutenant Gooper, Creswick, and Sergeant-major Pricc, £U^ed as judges. About thirty troopers mustered, and they were officered by Captain Wilson, Lientenant Wbyte, aud Veteriuary-surgeon Tnenffrove. The visitors were entertained at a dinner given by the troop at Craig's hotel, in the evening, when the prizes were presented to the successful competitors. We are informed by Mr Maefarlanc, correspondent of the City Board of Advice, that all the returns of the attendance of children at the State and private schools of the city for 18S0 hare been received by the Government, except those from Mr A. Bain, Miss Coffey, Mr Thomas, and Mrs Tregaskis' establishments. An old identity was removed from bis accustomed haunt at the Comer yesterday by brute force, and, much against his inclination, taken by train to Melbourne. It must be acknowledged .thai VJacV'Jias of lute led a vrrry unsteady life, and since his acquaintance with '"Pajdl"—a veritable old sinner—has become utterly corrupt inmorals. roaming the streets at all hoots of 6he nig^t, with his mate, companions to eay human being that would oandesoertd to keep them company. Hitherto all attempts at reformation have been unavailing; but the last and worst misAondrict on the part of both Jack and Paid fms been to desert their own homes for days together, and take pot-hick with strangers, causing jiuch anxiety to their numerous friends. It Was therefore thought better to separate the twA and the circumstances being yesterday rejatsented to a gentleman residing at HawtlicJBi, near Melbourne, lie undertook to convey »ack away from bis bad associates, and take care of him for the future. Paul is now rather lonely, but was seen bunting around the doors of the various hotels late Sast night on the iook-out for another congenial "old rip" as bad as himself. To Bhow what tender^ merciful, and Christian people the Boer* ace, we take the following b&m; yesterday's Argus:—" A csHe message whish we published on Thursday stated that one of the conditions of peace accepted by the Sbers was the surrender by them of the murderers of Captain Elliott, of the 94£h Kegisient. The circumstances under which this-ofScer met with his death are described in a private letter dated Heilbron. Orange Free State, 7tli January, which was published in the Times of the 11th February:—"Captain Elliott, H appears, was the only nnwouuded officer of the Dondisaster. He was taken prisoner an a cart with Captain Lsmbart (who had pre- viously been taken prisoner near Pretoria), with an armed escort of six fioeia, with orders to see them over the border -to this _ They arrived at the Vaal River, which is the boundary line between this and the Transvaal. The river was too high to cross, and the officers wanted to wait, as it was dark and a stormy night; bat the Boers pressed them to go in. When in thestream, the cart struck against a boulder, when the escort fired a volley at them, killing Captain Elliott, who fell into the river with a groan. Lambart at once plnnged in, and was carried some distance by the current, but managed to get to this side bank, being fired on by the Boers as the lightning flashed; but he escaped on foot* almost naked, and, after wandering about for some forty miles all night, reached a store kept by Mr Groom, eighteen miles from this, who brought him into town next day. Since .we heard of this brutal murder, we shopkeepers have been soanding the Boers as to the body, and yesterday we were fotunate enough to hear of its having been washed up, and buried by some people on tae banks of the river, this side. My belief is that it was a plot of the Boos to pat this only officer—a witness of the disaster—out of the way. 9 A German, named Godfrey ShiekofFh, last eight came very near losing a few pounds be bad saved. He was staying at toe Earl of Zetland hotel, and a day or two ago gave the hostess some money, eight half sovereigns and some silver, tied up in a handkerchief, to take care of_ for bim. last night he went into tiie bar, in company with a young fellow, and asked for his money. After some demur, because she did not think him quite sober, Mrs Jonas gave him the cash, and the two went into a side room. Shortly afterwards the German came out to say that the handkerchief containing his money was gone, and so was the young man. The young fellow could not be seen anywbere adjacent, and Mrs Jonas informed Constable O'Brien of the loss sustained by Shieko&h;, and gave bim a description of the missing man, with whose disappearance and that of the cash seemed to have some connection. Constable O'Brien searched for his man, and finally ran him to earth in Sayera' hotel, and, searching him, found a half- sovereign in one of his pockets. The landlord informed the officer that the young fellow had just given him seven other half-sovereigns to mind. O'Brien, who had acted very smartly and cleverly in this matter, then arrested the young man, who cave the name of Thomas Band, aud locked bim up on a charge of stealing from the person. In the University honor lists, which were published yesterday, two old pnpils of the Ballarat College obtained high places. Murdoch M 'Kenzie, of football fame, proved himself the best of the second year medical students; and Robert Stewart obtained firstclass honors and the scholarship in fifth year medicine. No other student obtained a firstclass in the fifth year examination. Young Stewart is a son of Mr Stewart, of Mount Bowan, and nephew of Dr Stewart—whom old Ballaratarians will remember. The first rehearsal of the united concert of State school children, No. 6 district, took place yesterday afternoon in the sapper-room of the Alfred Hall, when the- full programme was gone through. The 1000 children acquitted themselves voiy creditably on the whole, and gave promise of an excellentconcert. Every praise is due to Mr K-emiic. the new singing master, for his excellent methoil of controlling a large amlience, especially of : little folks, and in having accomplished so much in a few days, as the most of the pieces are altogether new to this district. A very noticeable circumstance was observable, viz., books of words having been supplied to the children, and it was pleasing to notice the care and attention ga-en by them to words as well as the music. We are informed that the tickets are going off rapidly, nearly 2000 having already been taken up, A number of teachers were present yesterday keeping order, and encouraging in a commendable manner the children engaged. AVe understand the united rehearsals will take place every week till the Sth proximo. Property at present would seem to be very -.I'l'.i-Ji- raluablc m in the wic vicinity tuaiaiij Vi of the Luc livue. lake, TOUglDC judging from a sale effected by Mr F. M. Clayton yesterday, when a six-roomed dwellinghouse, sitnated ia Webster street realised • £410; the purchaser being Mr J. K. Baird. m, . . . . , clause appears in the report | of the , j- e i , i f ^ j e committee . to be - pr e !? nte to the usu , a f fortnightly meeting . Monday nextThe letter of Mr Mills contains some serious allegations as to mismanagement by the present committee of the Gty Free Library, and suggests that nayment of the councils subsidy be withheld until a meeting of the subscribers shall have d ^ r o f X ^ i T t f g l u e l l t ^ to be held in June. After full consideration of the circumstances, we concluded to recommend that the council's subsidy be not paid, pending the result of the meeting of subscribers." The failures at the late examinations for teachers' certificates were numerous; indeed at no previous examination was the percentage of passes so sinalL This, no doubt, was caused by the determination of the Education Department to compel intending teachers to thoroughly qualify themse.ves for their work. Amongst the few successful ones were Miss M. J. M'Whae and Mr G. Williams, of the High School, Camp street, who succeeded in passing for the certificate of competency. The board of examiners—Messrs R. L J. EUery, F.R.S., Government astronomer, and S. W. M^Gowan, superintendent of telegraphs, Victoria—held an examination of candidates for certificates of proficiency in the art of telegraphy yesterday, at the School of Mines, and reported the following as having passed:—Miss Mary Skelton (with credit). Miss Jessie Budden, and Miss Annette Bnddcn. Mr A. A Boley, principal of the GneuvHlc College, at the recent examinations at the University so well acquitted himself that be obtained the distinction of Master of Arts. Those who know this young gentleman's career, and the successes he has achieved both in and out of the University, will hail with pleasure the announcement made above As a student and a teacher Mr Bulcy has already earned for himself ail enviable reputation in this district, and we trust that his achievements are the earnest of a brilliant At the meeting of the City Council on Monday next Councillor Morrison will move —" That provision be liade in the baths vote on next year's estimates for the purchase of an awning, and also for a powerful reflecting lamp, in order that the swimming bath may he utilised at night during the summer months. f ' The number of visitors to the Exhibition on Thursday was 4966, including 3797 single tickets, 30 season tickets, and 1139 miscellaneous. We take the following portion of a report of a concert at Stawell irom the P. C. AVrrs.-— "Mr J. W. Burton, the Ballarat tenor, followed, and fairly electrified the audience with his rendition of Ganz' 'I seek for thee in every flower. 7 Vociferous cheering followed the song, and he was compelled to sing again, choosing as his encore piece. 'Day and night I think of thee.' Mr Burton was in excellent voice, and notwithstanding the piaiio being tuned to London Philharmonic 'C,' he took the upper «A' In grand Btyl«i finishing his first song on that note, extending irar five bars. — ir.n—>•—* Mr rwirron b voice :—.- seems to improve on each occasion he visits the'town. In tiie second nsrt of the programme lie was equally successful. His singing of "Che bine AlwtMn .monntBinH* secured him j, decisive encore, and in response be sang, by request, tiie old favorite, 'let me like a soldier fall.' This song, also, he succeeded in rendering with a brilliance and verve that has never been excelled in StawclL" The following is the explanation given by the 'femora Herald, of the marvelkrag escape from death which was recorded in OUT telegraphic news a few days back:—" A case of marvellous preservation from fatal injury occurred here on Sunday morning. A son of Crispin, named Philip Palmer, who had been indulging rather freely, and was suffering from incipient delbium tremens, entertained the singular delusion in his dazed noddle that he was pursued by a bloodthirsty ruffian, armed with a knife in one hand and a pistol in the other, who wished to slay and crct him np into German sausages. Impressed with this idea, lie jumped out of bed abont two o'clock in the morning, and ran from feis lodgings in H-oskins street, past the courthouse, and into the scrub among the claims ad the main lead, closely pursued by his imaginary enemy, whom be found it impossible to elude. Seeing a shaft with the windlass rope hanging in it, he made a desperate rush, and, clutching the rope, sought escape by going down the shaft at terrific speed. The shaft is 8&feet; deep, and the bottom strewed with qnarta boulders, and how he escaped being dashed' to- pieces seems inexplicable. It is thought that, as he descended clutching the rope with" a bucket attached, another bucket attached to a rape on the opposite side flew up, and- kept fouling occasionally, and by this means broke the fall. Ill the morning, the disordered state of the windlass attracted the attention of some miuers, who approached, and whom be requested to haul him up. The windlass bad to be put in gear, and in the meantime the police were sent for, one of whom descended the shaft, and found the man very little the worse for his fall, and thankfo.1 that he had found such a safe place of retreat from his pursuer. He was then drawn np, and placed in safe keeping, where the blue devils could not reach bim. On Monday morning he was brought up at the police court, and remanded for protection." The Herald thus sums up the cost incurred by the Government over the pursuit of the fcellys. The police expenditure was £'22,22-5 16s 9d, from October, 1S7S, to Jane, 18S0. The chief item is £8998 for travelling allowances to the police. The expenditure under this bead swelled the largest during th e seven months from December, 1S7S, to July, 1S79. Within this period itjreached £5412. The Victorian railways mopped up a fair share of the cash in £3118 10s Id, for the police fol- lower of the Kellya, from October, 1876, to June, 1880. Under the head of miscellaneous outlay, including Victorian trackers, there Is £2116. The Queensland trackers absorbed £2040. Hie secret service money readied £1208. The Customs authorities (says the Age) have seized a large quantity of silks and cashmere shawls on suspicion of their being uncustomed goods, and conveyed than to the Queen's warehouse. It is said the .articles taken are worth nearly £1000. 'They belong to a large firm in town, whose reputation for respectability stands very high. A serious affray (says the Argtts) took place at Dunacli (near Talbot) on Thursday, which resulted in some serious injuries being received by a man who gave his name as George LutterralL .Robberies from miners' huts have been frequent, and on Wednesday night a miner named John Beckinall, on returning home, discovered a light burning in his tent and Lutterrall busily engaged packing up articles for removal. A struggle took Jilace, during which LutterraJl received five scalp wounds, and his face was beaten out of all recognition. He was lodged in the lock-up, and an examination made by Dr Massy showed his injuries to be so severe that the officer in charge arrested Beckinall on Thursday morning. Beckinall was bound over in his own recognisance in £50 to appear when called upon, and Lutterall was remanded for medical treatment to Mary - borough gaol for a week. Several skeleton keys and housebreaking implements were found on the prisoner, who is quite unknown in the district. Mr Tucker (says the Age) asked the Commissioner of Railways on Thursday, if he intended to bring in a bill to deal with the employes of the Railway Department, and for regulating the mode of entering the ser rice, providing for promotion on dclined principles, and allowing the right of appeal of employes generally. Mr Patterson said that wkcu the Government dealt with the public service generally, he would bring the claims of the officers of the Railway Department before the Cabinet. He would be no party to the appointment of a board to enquire into every petty ease or complaint that might be formulated. He believed there w?.s a general feeling of content and satisfaction throughout the railway service. During the temporary absence of Major Smith in New Zealand (says the Telegraph), the Department of Public Instruction will be administered by the Chief Secretary. Tiie vacancy for North Melbourne {says the •d^'Jis inducing a large number of candidates to declare themselves. Besides the names already mentioned, Mr William Reynolds announces himself, and also Mr Thomas Amott. The I-OLUIGU correspondent of the -I:-<-rar Adr'iiiser says that Mra Langtry, the celebrated English beauty, is about to i-'-k to the stage. The Police Commission (says the A <]'•) hav requested the Chief Secretary to relieve Messrs Nicholson (acting Chief Commissioner of Police), Hare (superintendent), and Sadleir (inspector), from duty pending further pro- | gress being made with the taking of evidence regarding the pursuit cf the Kellys. The ) Chief Secretary has at once complied with I the request, and those officers have accord ingly been relieved from duty. Superiutcnj Chomley will assume the office of Acting ; Chief Commissioner of Police until further ! orders are issued by the Chief Secretary. I At the present tame (says the Gee^AJ- •frfisfir) a number of young persons at Geelong are suffering from symptoms of low fever in a very aggravated fonn. The most excitable politicians will not quarrel over the wish expressed m the following paragraph from the DunoUy Erjjrexx : —" £4500 was paid away on Thursday by the Queen's Birthday Company as the dividend for the month of M^rck. This is 110 insignificant sum to be distributed by one company, especially as a similar distribution has been a matter of month!}* occurrence for some time past. It is a pity there arc not a few more such companies about. It is also worthy of notice that the Queen's Birthday Company circulates some £2003 or so every month in the shape of wages, &c.;" The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Adesrihter writes :—I mentioned same ti-,ie ago that Mr Franklyn, of the ' Victorian lie view, 1 was about to start a weekly paper on - the lines of the Loudon weeklies/to be called the Federal A n^frn/^m, and that as there was plenty of capital at his hack the paper is likely to be great success. He is, 1 understand, supported by Mr W. J. Clarke and Mr Goldsbrongh, and has already secured £3090 worth of advertisements. Tiie advent of this important journalistic venture will be watched, with interest. It will generally be devoted to bringing Hie colonies more together, and creating an Australian tone in literature.'' Oa Sunday week, 3rd April, t!ic anniersary of tUe Peel Street Methodist Free Church will lie held, when three sermons will lie preached—those in the morning and evening by the Rev. G. Turuer, the ncu'lyappointed minister to the circuit. On the following evening the tea and public meeting will be held. Mr .1. James, M.L.A., will occopy the chair. To- morrow mormi-.g. the Rev. W. Seccombe will preach; and in the evening, Mr If. Bell, M.L.A. Particulars of the anniversary will be duly advertised. A meeting of ti;c United Operative Bakers' Association will fce ti 'Ivl .-it the Dutch Harry hotel this evening at eight o'clock, to consider important business. A meeting uf tiie Buninyong branch of the Ai-.uU.CN.TP.ate.-i MINERS 1 Association will fee held at the Buninyong hotel this evening at eight o'clock sli^rp. AH mincra, directors, managers, and others interested, are requested to attend and enrol. A meeting of residents on Crown lands ia e Black Hill district will be held at the Eastern Station hotel, Humfftay street, next TUESDAY evening, AT eight o'clock. The Royal Black Preceptory will meet in the OIDFCHOW.-i Hall, Albert street, NEVT Monday evening, All persons interested in the late "Eisteddfod are requested to attend a meeting at tiie Mechanics Institute tliia evening, at oight o'clock, to re&avfe; report and Wianee- sh&t;, and to appoint a committee for 1SS2. To-morrow the Bev. W. Seccombe will preach his farewell sermons in Ballarat at the South Street .Methodist Chnrch, in the afternoon rjid evening. The Rev. G. W. Hanraon. vrill preach in the same church in the morning. On TWday ei.,.„- farewell tea meeting » to £ ""St j above-named church to th« iF"V" ^ combe previous to his leaviri Srecote circuit The tickets ^ "?«>oneshiUmg, and doubtless a L ^ H will be present t.-, bid farewc^ t? N ' 0 gentleman, who leaves Ballat-it ;, erw - larat lowing day. « the fol. The fourth event for the S^JJ will be sailed to-day by the g^fSSfe larat Yacht dub. T&SrttS; f f ^ U about three o'clock. ' il,JCIB »ieat A grand concert will he giveil «hamca Institute. Egert—f t, ;® IU,e >eby tire united Eisteddfod ^Sr Mr Jones (of Ballarat), zai Mr IJ 8 % il - Tbonaas, the celebrated Welai l,J~f„f eU > also assist, and the proceed* T.TSI K ^ the Ioral free libnuy. * ^ "> ^of The members of the Ballarat £„vcl. n . are requested to assemble at monument this afternoon, at 0 o'clock, for a run to Smythesdale. A- meeting of the committee rcWmj mere fires is convened for this alte-atS, one o'clock, at the office of v Wilson,- \V 11 sarin . Camp- 4 smn, street; and ..j the saffejf -U requested to meet at the Citv 1 au past one o'clock. "wlf- The Rev. W. P. Pearce, of MeHw,,™ , preach in Christ Church t o - ^ ™ ^ morning and evemag services. . 