THE APOTHEOSIS OF THE : - SQUATTER. Hughe nden, the World observes, has at last found an occupant in Sir Samuel Wilson, the Australian millionaire, who has leased the mansion until Lord Beaconsfield's heir comes of age. In old times, Mr. Disraeli loved to sneer at successful colonists, who, after ' fleecing a thousand flocks,' sought seats in the House. It is impossible, as the Lord of Hughenden cast sidelong glances at Messrs. Lo.we and Childers, that he ever dreamt of a sheep-king yawning in the rooms where he had entertained royalty and hoodwinked squires. However, as report had it that the quondam owner of Ercildoune has paid handsomely for the honour of dating his letters from the Mecca of Toryism, there is no likelihood that Sir Samuel will be dis turbed by the irate wrath of his predecessor. Indeed, so uncompromising a ' Constitu ionalist' as the Legislative Councillor for the Western District of Yictoria may be inclined to continue the traditions of the place by battling for the landed interest -in London, instead of in Melbourne. Still a middle-aged man — twenty years younger than the Prime Minister— Sir Samuel Wilson has run a wondrously successful career. He is an Irishman, who, thirty years ago, landed in Melbourne, with no better equipment for the battle of life than a slender knowledge of mathematies and a four years' apprenticeship to the flax-spinning business. As neither accomplishment was in demand in Australia, the raw gossoon from Ballyclougham took to gold-digging. Nuggets fell to his rocker, and with the dust he bought sheep ; and no sooner did he buy sheep than the rain fell, and the grain grew, and wool and mutton ran up and kept up, until Joseph bought out his two elder brothers. Investing m real estate in Yictoria, and 'run' interests in Queensland and New South Wales, every thing he touched turned to money, until, having a fancy to play the ' pious founder,' he could afford to toss thirty thousand pounds to Melbourne University without seriously disturbing his balance at his banker's. A rich man, he is able to amuse himself with hobbies. Indeed, to one of these he owes his knighthood, for had not ?voir oam xaKen a iancy io naturalise tne salmon in Australian rivers, and write a book about his wondrous fish-ponds' at Ercildoune, the chances are that he would have been as far .from the Athenaeum Club as the Camp bells, M'Leans, Tysons, and other pastoral sovereigns, whose fleecy subjects are counted by the half -million, and before whom caitiffs with wretched little flocks of fifty thousand bow humbly in Macquarie-street and the Riverina. A squatter was at one time understood to be a disreputable individual, who lived on the outskirts of the penal settlements of New South Wales, and was chiefly employed in stealing the cattle of more law-abiding personages. To-day he is the lessee of immense tracts of Crown land not immediately required by purchasers, over which graze his wealth in the shape of endless flocks of sheep and herds of cattle. It is the squatter's mansion which the nun i ? ? ? ii m.i ? ? ? . traveller sees the moment he leaves the thinly scattered Australian towns ; and before he is long in ' the colonies' he learns to regard him as the type of the antipodean aristocracy. In the club at Melbourne or Sydney he finds him all-powerful ; and if he arrives with any kind of introduction, or, indeed, without that passport, he will at a very early date be asked to share the hospitality of these wealthy sheep-kings ; and, after staying at one house weeks or months, will be passed on to another, until, as his last host bids him good-bye on the wharf at Brisbane, he will hardly remember who first started him on these three thousand miles of visits which he. began eighteen months or two years ago at Adelaide or Melbourne. Nor, unless he commits some grievous offence, will anybody think it j necessary to ascertain the fact. If he can : play billiards, eat mutton, and drink ! unlimited tea, he is at home, and will have horses to ride, carriages to drive in, and kangaroos to hunt. In return he must tolerate much talk about the value of wool, and listen to endless discussions regarding the best way of washing sheep, or vehement tirades against the knavery of 'free selectors' and the ' radical mob' led by Mr. Berry, Premier and publican. In many respects these great sheep-kings are akin to the English squires of last century. For ten, fifteen, or twenty miles, every man they are likely to oome across is their dependent, and they are actually or virtually monarchs of all they survey. No one is bigger than the squatter, unless it be another squatted with a greater run, a huger flock, or a more exten sive ' mob' of cattle or horses. In other respects the Australian squatter is widely different even from Squire Western. He may have been a younger son, a successul gold-digger, a butcher, a shepherd, oi even that shady personage whom it is still a Sydney euphemism to describe as 'an old hand.' But in every case he has been the architect of his own fortune. A second generation of wealthy squatters is as yet rare, and the chances are that the man whose, guest you are in the bush is the first member of his family who was trusted with a cheque book. The sheep-king leads, nevertheless, an anxious life. He is almost invariably in debt to the 'merchant' from whom he obtains his supplies, and to whom his sheep are mortgaged. Wool may fall from 2/- to 6d. a pound ; there may be a dry summer, and, as a consequence of no grass, sheep may be selling at 2/- to 6d. a head ; or hjq fences may be burnt by bush-fires, or wal labies and wild horses may devour the pasture, or dingoes the sheep i or, worst of all, the rabbits may, in spite of strychnine, get the upper hand. Then the squatter is ruined, and the 'swagsman,' who for years has been accustomed to find his mutton and damper secure at 'the hut,' learns that a new man has come, or that the old master is simply the overseer for the bank or the money-lender in Melbourne. The first generation of a squatter family is energetic j the second, listless. The girls are lively enough, and lovely too. They are as self assertive and irreverent as any American damsel. But high intelligence either in them or their brothers is rare. The young squatter is addicted to loafing, ? and can speak about little save, horse races, women, or the ever lasting sheep.; He is fond of taking 'a spell'' in town, where; 'my word,' he astonishes the 'jackaroos,' as he con temptuously styles the young Englishmen who arrive to gain colonial experience. He is, moreover, bumptious and boastful to an offensive degree, and speaks of England and Englishmen in a manner which would hardly be agreeable to the effusive souls who write bunkum about Australian ' loyalty.' Still, the squatterocracy are forming a: ; true country party in Australia, possessed of all the prejudices and bitterness of that cultured portion of the community. They are build iQg grand houses, and a certain percentage of them swarm off every year to gain a footing; among the new men of England. H®re, indeed, they supply the place of the old Nabobs, though their manners are healthier than those of the yellow-faced, people who last century shook the pagoda tree and bought boroughs with the fruit. They are also unlike the shoddy and petroleum magnates of America. For these are usually townsmen, and though j)urse proud, have rubbed too much against other classes to retain many of their worst angularities. Nor is the successful squatter akin to the successful gold or diamond digger, since he has made his money much more slowly than the ^ latter, and thus become more thoroughly, ingrained with the peculiar surroundings of his trade. In Australia, a Cross of Michael and George is his grand ambition ; 'at home' he strives for a seat in the House of Commons. He lives in the best of West End houses ; and if he does not always attain the best of clubs, he amazes their habitues with the strength of his Conservatism— and language. Yet he some times wonders why he came to England, and wearies for old times on the Hawkesbury or in Gulgong Gulch. In Geelong, on the banks of the Murray or the Yarra Yarra, or in the Yerandah up Collins Street, Sir Peter Jobson, M.LlC., was somebody. In Bucks, baronets and people with twenty thousand a year are almost as plentiful as gum-tree's in Gippsland . —European Mail. Church of England, Bethungra, — It is a satisfaction to us to have to report that a movement has been set on foot in Bethungra, and has begun under favourable auspices, for the erection of a branch of the Church of England. . Mr. W. Denoon, now of Wallendbeen, has generously given a site for the church; and with this basis for a foundation, three persons whose names are withheld have contributed £50 towards the building fund. 