IT cannot be fcaid that in a general way Au& tralia and Australians have much to complain of in regard to the criticism of visitors to the colonies. Our principal grievance in this connection has been, not that travellers spoke ill of us, but that they did not say enough about us, and that Australian institutions, Australian manners and customs, and Australian industries were not sufficiently familiar to the minds of the people of England and the Continent of Europe. As a general rule, however, •whatever has been said of us has been of a favorable character, and, usually, the higher the standing of the visitor the more favorable has been his report. A few individuals of no particular importance in the estimation of others tlian themselves have, it is true, from time to time flung a little mud at the colonies, but the feebleness of the throwers lias prevented any of the dirt from sticking. The last attempt in this direction has been made by a writer in the Bomltny Gazette, who affords that journal the benefit of his impressions of Australia gained during a recent brief visit to Sydney and Melbourne. The writer, it appears, is a certain Mr. ROSE, the author of a number of amusing little books in which an ignorant old woman, " Mrs. BROWN," is supposed to give her opinions of all kinds of persons, places, and things. These books attained a certain amount of popularity in England, but after a time their interest waned, and the author seems to have been of opinion that he might still turn them to some profitable account by giving readings in Australia. With this object in view Mr. liosE visited Melbourne and Sydney, only, however, to find that his venture was a failure. Annoyed at tliis result, and disgusted with the bad taste of a people who could not appreciate " Mrs. BROWN," Mr. ROSE falls foul of the colonies and of everything colonial, in the most unmeasured terms. Nothing Australian is good. The food is indigestible, the drink bad. The hotels are abominable. Travelling in Australia is not to be thought of by any but persons in the most robust health, as discomforts, inconveniences, and annoyances of all kinds abound on every hand. Hospitality in the true sense of the word is unknown in Australia, the only mode in which the virtue is exercised being that of " entertaining woolgatherers and wlieatbrokers," and supplying those persons with, unlimited food and liquor. Culture, according to our critic, is a term the meaning of which is not understood in the colonies, there being no such thing as "a literary or intellectual coterie" in Victoria or New South Wales. In fact men of superior attainments are said to bo "thrown away in Australia, where the position of a superior maa must always excite both regret and sympathy." Melbourne is pronounced to be a most uninteresting place, and the people axe said to be "on a par with those of an inferior commercial town, of provincial England." The rest of the article is in much the same strain, and may be summed up briefly as a very bitter, but at the same time remarkably feeble, libel on the country and its people. We may confess to a feeling of surprise at the feet that some of the principal newspapers in Australia should have thought it worth while to refute some of Mr. ROSE'S very transparent falsehoods. Such notice is more than they deserve, and any answer of the kind is clearly unnecessary. The reputation of the colonies is now too firmly established to be in any danger from the clumsy attack of the author of " Mrs. BROWN." IN the interests of a long-suffering public, we have to enter one more protest against the present condition of affairs at the post office delivery-window. We are quite at a loss to understand in the first place why the absurd system of delivering letters through a little trap-door should be continued at all. No private company could hope successfully to carry on business if it persisted in subjecting its customers to the greatest possible amount of \ inconvenience in every transaction, and the feet that the post office is a Government monopoly affords no valid reason for the post office customers being treated with less consideration than they would meet with from ordinary traders. Commonsense indicates that the convenience of the officials as well as that of the public would be best served by the adoption in all post offices of the counter system, as opposed to the " poke-hole" plan; and in the case of small country offices commonsense carries the day. In large towns, however, the traditions of the Department exercise too powerful an influence over the conduct of affairs to permit of any such departure from red-tape precedent as would be involved in the simple and straightforward method advocated. The mind of officialdom would of course be shocked at the idea of giving people their letters over a counter in the same way that a pound of tea would be delivered in a grocer's shop; and so it comes that at our post and telegraph offices the public are obliged to crane their necks into a kind of porthole whenever they want to make an inquiry or purchase sixpennyworth of stamps. This necessity is always ridiculous and inconvenient at any post offico; but in the case of the Albury post office in summertime it is attended with absolute distress and even danger to the customers. There is unfortunately no way of determining the precise number of persons who have been more or less injured by exposure to the full blaze of the atternoon sun whilst waiting for their letters at the delivery-window, but if there have been no cases of heat apoplexy or coup de soleil directly attributable to this cause, it certxinly is not the fault of the Department. The window is ingeniously placed so as to command the entire force of the solar rays just when they arc most powerful, and the portico affords not the smallest particle of protection. As wc do not suppose for a moment that the postal authorities really desire to offer up any of the Albury citizens as a burnt sacrifice to the fetish of tradition and precedent, we would mildly suggest that during the summer months, at ail events, the letters should be delivered over the counter on the southern side of the building, at present exclusively devoted to the business of the Government Savings Bauk. Here there is protection from the sun, and people could wait for their letters without incurring any special danger of sudden death from sunstroke. If, however, for any reason the utilisation of this otherwise unused portion of the building be impracticable, then we may point out that the necessity of providing Venetian blinds or some other protection in the portico is imperative. ABOUT half-a-dozen years ago we noticed at some length a very useful work on the subject of flower-famiug, from the pen of M. PIESSE, a member of t%o WELL-TNOWH firm of PIBSBB and LUBIN, perfumers. During the past few -weeks M. PIESSE has been once more directing public attention to the same topic in the columns of the Melbourne press, and lus remarks are well worthy the consideration of all persons who wish to see an addition to the number of profitable industries directly connected with the land. After showing the very large trade in perfumes exported from Spain, France, Italy, and Turkey, M. PIESSE points out that in several, oc rather in many, parts W" the southern colonies of Australia, the climatic conditions strongly resemble those prevailing in countries where flower-farming is most successfully carried on; and as tangible evidence of tiie suitability of our soil and climate to this industry, he instances the marked luxuriance with which the principal perfume-yielding plants flourish in almost every portion of Victoria and New South Wales. The process of manufacture folly described by M. PIESSE is not a difficult or complicated one. It consists simply of laying the blossoms upon a thin stratum of clarified fat, until the latter has absorbed the perfume. The scented fat has of course to be subsequently treated by distillation and other methods for the extraction of the essential oil, but this would bo performed by the perfumers at home, who would readily buy the scented grease as it left the farm.. There is said to be a practically unlimited demand for the article, so there is no occasion to fear the glutting of tbe market. As to the profitable character of the pursuit, some idea may be formed from M. PIESSE'S statement that an acre of violets will yield 2001b. of flowers worth 2s. per lb. An acre of jasmine will yield 5001b., worth 2s. 6d. per lb.; whilst the yield obtainable from the cultivation of roses is even larger. It is not, of course, to be presumed that flower-farming would ever assume in Australia or anywhere else the dimensions attained in connection with the production of staple articles of food or clothing consumed by everybody, but as one of the minor industries, especially calculated to turn to account the labor of children and to prove a useful adjunct to the more largely developed branches of agriculture, it may be of great value, and is at all events worth a trial. WE are glad to notice that the old English sport of horseracing is not, after all, to be allowed to die out in Albury. The old club is defunct, but a new one has risen from its ashes, that bids fair to command the confidence and support of horseowners and the general public more thoroughly than any of its predecessors. As stated in our last issue, a movement for the formation of a new racing club was commenced some weeks ago, and it proved so successful that all preliminaries have now been completed, and the Albury Racing Club is fairly started, with a good list of members and an excellent committee of management. From the spirited way in which the affair has been taken in hand, we have no hesitation in predicting a prosperous career for the new club, provided only that ordinary prudence be exercised in the management. The committee will do well to avoid the mistake fallen into by some provincial clubs in the colony of offering unduly large prizes, in the hopo thereby to increase the attractiveness of their meetings. Experience has shown that this policy is less likely to tend to the success of the races than to plunge the club hopelessly into debt. But the excellent judgment displayed in the selection of the committee mil doubtless remove all risk of failure through blunders of this kind; and with the hearty interest evinced in the undertaking by breeders of horses, and the liberal support certain to be accorded to a well-conducted racemeeting by the public at large, we cxpecjfc to see the first races held under the auspices of the new club the most successful that have taken place in Albury for many years past. ALL arrangements in connection with the railway opening demonstration are now com-, plete; and it may be said that everything so far has gone on smoothly and welL Liberal subscriptions have been received from the general public, and after rather more talk than the •whole thing was worth, the Municipal Council have agreed to subsidise the undertaking by a grant of £100. The Government, on the other hand, though declining to give a sum of money directly, have given money's worth in the shape of labor and material in connection with the fitting-up and decoration of the goods-ahed. The catering for the luncheon and hall has been entrusted to COMPAGNONI and Co., and it could not be in better hands. So much for the preparations. With regard to the celebration itself, it can hardly fail to be very successful. The list of invited guests is a large one, including the GOVERNORS of the two colonies, and the Ministry of New South Wales and that of Victoria, besides many other distinguished personages. Free passes will be granted to all holders of tickets down the railway line, so that a crowd of visitors may be reckoned upon from all quarters, in the colony, to say nothing of the probability of a large contingent putting, in an appearance from Melbourne and intermediate places. On the whole, we may reasonably expect a larger gathering next Thursday week than has ever before been assembled in the Federal City. STAMPS WANTED.—During tbe past week the post office has again run short of duty stamps, and the consequence has been that business transactions were considerably impeded. WAHGUNYAH RAILWAY STATION.—Mr. Henry Ward Canty has been appointed stationmas er at Wahgunyah. Mr. Oanty is also gazetted an officer of customs at Wahgunyah. MB. G. M. STEPHEN.—Mr. George Milner Stephen announces that he will to-day heal afflicted persons who will call upon him at Edgcumbe'a Family Hotel. THE POSTMASTER-GENERAL.—The Hon. F. B. Suttor, Postmaster-General, who has been on a visit to Melbourne, reached Albury on the evening of Monday last, and started for Sydney on Tuesday. CEMETERY TRUSTEES.—'The Right Rev. Dr. Lankan, Very Rev. J. Dunne, and Messrs. S. Bowler and W. Purtell are gazetted trustees of that portion of the general cemetery at German ton set apart for a Roman Catholic burial-ground. ROAD BURRUMBUTTOCK TO GEROGERY.—We learn that on Monday next, Mr. Duffy and Mr. Wood will leave town for the purpose of laying out the direct road from Burrumbuttock to Gerogery. COACH ACCIDENT.—The coach conveying the mails from Gerogery to Albury on Thursday last met with a breakdown just after starting. The mails, however, were speedily transferred to another conveyance, and reached Wodonga in time to save the train. PUBLIC MEETING.—A public meeting will be held at the Adelaide Hotel, Jindera, on Wednesday next, to consider the advisability of memorialising the Government to open up the road from Jindera to the Sandy Creek platform on the railway. THE ATTESTATION OF CONDITIONAL PURCHASE DECLARATIONS.—It is announced that Crown land agents who are justices of the peace or commissioners for taking affidavits, are in future to attest all declarations on conditional purchases, and also affidavits of transfer, free of any charge. THE WAGGA WAGGA RAILWAY BRIDGE.— The first train passed over tbe new railway bridge on Sunday last The local papers state that a large number of people assembled at the South Wagga station, but in the immediate vicinity of . the bridge there were but few spectators. ALBURY BOROUGH COUNCIL.—A special meeting of this body was held on Monday last for the purpose of finally deciding whether tbe sum of £100 should or should not be voted in aid of tbe railway opening demonstration. After some discussion the motion for granting the nioney was agreed to. ACCIDENT AT BETHANGA.—A miner named Williams was admitted a few days since to the Albury Hospital, suffering from a fracture of the thigh bone, caused by a fall from his horse whilst riding from Bethanga to Cotton Tree. The patient is progressing as favorably as could be expected, considering the serious nature of his injury. BUSH-FIRES.—Further bush-fires have occured during the past week. In the early part of the week several small fires took place in different parts of the district On Thursday a large fire broke out at the Navlcan, another in the neighborhood of Hawksview, and at third at Mullengandra, destroying a large quantity of grass and lencing the. property of Mr. Harvey. MURRUMBIDGEE TURF CLUB.—The following gentlemen have been nominated as the committee for the Murrumbidgee Turf Club :—Messrs. S. Minchin, R. Cox, J. King, H. B. Fitzhardinge, E. C. Pearson, J. Leitcb, M. A. Devlin, S. Hawkins, H. Welmen, G. P. Wilson, C. H. Croaker, M. N. Callagban, L. S. Joseph, P. Hann, Jas. Gormly, and J. Rebello. PROFESSOR SOOTT.—On Thursday next, Professor Scott, accompanied by Messrs. Freeman and Russell, purposes giving a series of open-air concerts in the streets. These entertainments, like those of Weston of " Wizard Oil" tame, ore intended as a uieans of directing public attention to a patent medicine, the article in this instance being the professor's Magic Balm aud Eye Lotion. ALBURY v. GREEN HILLS.—A match will be played this afternoon on the Albury ground, between the first elevens of the Albuiy and Green Hills cricket clubs. The following players have chosen to represent Albury:—H. A. Allan, i' A - L - Dawson, J. Dav, C. H. Dicht, F. S. Farnell, F. Heatb, W. J.Holahan, E. E! Morgan, C. Mackay, and C. Warden. Emergencies—W. Steel, W. Frew, and D. M'Donald. CRICKET : ALBURY v. WANGARATTA.—A match was played on Saturday last between teams chosen from the Wangaratta and Albury cricket clubs, on the Wangaratta ground. The match resulted in a victory for the Albury team, the scores being :—Albury, first innings, 120 ; second innings, eight wickets for '56. Wangaratta, firet innings, 79. The principal scorers for Albury were C. Mackay (33) and Buggy (35). For Wan garatta J. Hoad made 36, and Chandler 15. ALBURY GOLDMINING COMPANY.—A crushing of about 100 tons was commenced on Tuesday last, and will probably be finished on Friday next The directors, we understand, do not now intend to raise any more quartz until the main shaft is down. The cost of raising the stone under the present mode of working is excessive, and it has therefore been thought better to wait until, by the completion of the shaft, the expense has been reduced. THE LATE FIRE AT MR. MOHR'S FARM.— We are glad to learn that steps have been taken already to show some practical sympathy with Mr. Jacob Mohr, in the misfortune by which he was last week rendered homeless. Subscriptionlists have been opened, and Messrs. Francis and Proctor have been appointed collectors at Bungowannah, and Messrs. L. Solomon aud Geo. Adams at Albury. Any subscriptions forwarded to either of the abovenamed gentlemen will be thankfully received and duly acknowledged. INDEPENDENT ORDER OF ODDFELLOWS.—On Friday, the 14th inst, the installation of officers of the Loyal Murray Lodge took place at the lodge-room in Kiewa-street. The following offi-i.-rs were, installed :—N.G., Bro. H. F.Jackson ; V.G., Bro. G. Bunton ; secretary, Bro. Vipand; treasurer, Bro. R. Davy. Alter the ceremony the brethren, on the invitation of Bro. Casp, proceeded to the Carriers' Arms Hotel, and sat down to an excellent sapper. A Dumber of toasts were proposed and duly honored, and several songs were given in capital style. SELECTORS' ORGANISATION.—A resident of Argoon who visited Wagga Wagga last week states (fays the W. W. Advertiser) that although the selectors' cause has suffered through the defeat of two or three of their best advocates at the recent election, they are undeterred by defeat, and intend to re-organise and rally their forces. This will be done by an appeal to selectora throughout the length and breadth of the colony, and tbey hope thereby to win success, and see carried into law the reforms which are so urgently required by 6mall landowners ANNUAL MEETING OF HOSPITAL.—The annual meeting of subscribers to the Albury Hospital and Benevolent Asylum took place on Tuesdav last. The report and balance-sheet were read, the latter showing a balance of £1(54 odd to the credit of the charit3 T . Both documents were received and adopted. The election of officebearers was then proceeded with, and resulted as follows : —President, Mr. G. Day ; vice-president, Mr. G. Thorold; secretary, Mr. J. H. Paine; medical officers, Dr3. Kennedy and Andrews ; committee —Messrs. G. F. Bradlev, A. E. Heath, P. E. Fallon, G. Hunter, aud J. F. Mullarkv. BURTON'S CIRCUS.—This excellent company performed on the evenings of Saturday, Monday, and Tuesday. The entertainment was particularly good, and the house was we'l filled ou each occasion. The horses were more numerous thau is usual in travelling circuses, and the equestrian feats introduced included several new and striking features. The acrobatic business was especially clever, and the programme generally was more attractive than that of any troupe visiting the town for fome years past. On Wednesday evening the company performed at Wodonga, and there also met with a liberal amount of patronage. STOCK CROSSINGS AT WAHGUNYAH.—On the 10th inst., 985 sheep crossed the Murray at Wahgunyah from Mr. T. Newton's station, Urana ; 16,333 sheep from Mr. P. M. Ilarrieks, Malionga; 4000 sheep from Mr. T. II. Bear, Grong Grong ; and 84 head of cattle from Mr. J. W. Davies, Warantham. On the 11th inst., 153 bead of cattle from Messrs. Watt and Thompson, Urana ; 30 head of cattle from tbe Hon. J. A. Wallace, Quat Quatta. On the 14th inst, 8070 sheep from Mr. R. Blackman, Brookong. During the week ending January 15th, 29,394 sheep * crossed in all—the largest number in one week. 5792 bushels of wheat have also been crossed during last week. To SUBSCRIBERS AT WALBUKDRIE AND JIN- DERA..—We regret to state that owing to what we can only consider 33 very gross negligence on the part of some of the local post office staff, our parcels for Walbundrie and Jindera were last Saturday left lying in the post office instead of being forwarded by the mail on that day. The papers were put into the office at the usual hour, and we are therefore in no way responsible for the delay. Further than this, we may add that had an intimation or the parcels having been overlooked been given as soon as the blunder was discovered, we should have despatched the papers by special messenger. No notice, however, was given of the bungle until a late hour on Saturday evening, when it was impossible to make the necessary arrangements. QUICK TRANSIT OF GOODS.—It used at one time to be a standing reproach to the commercial men of Sydney that they were a long way behind their Melbourne rivals in the matter of general promptitude. This reason, added to the greater distance to be traversed between Albury and Sydney, gave the Melbourne merchants u complete monopoly of the llivcriua trade. With the opening of the railway the question of distance has ceased to be of so much importance as of old, and we note at the same time a marked increase of smartness on the part of the Sydney traders. As an example of the change that a few years lias wrought, we may mention that on Sunday morning last a letter was written and posted ordering certain goods from Sydney. By Wednesday morning the goods were in the shop of the Albury purchaser. JlNJELLIC TlNMINING COMPANY.—A first smelting took place a few days ago of tin from the claim of the Jinjellic Company, on the Upper Murray. The smelting was conducted at tbe Antimony Smelting Works, Collingwood. A Melbourne contemporary, in reporting the matter, says :—" The company have sent down 2A- tons of ore, and judging from the manner in which the pure metal was being moulded into ingots yesterday, there should be 60 per cent of tin at the lowest computation. An assay by Mr. Newbury showed 75 per cent., but of course that was from picked ore, while the present lot is juBt sent down to town as it is got ready. Though the mine is situated in the sister colony, the whole interest is held in Melbourne, and "the shareholders are certainly to be congratulated on the result of their first Bmeltiog." ALBURY HOSPITAL COMMITTEE.—A meeting of the committee of the hospital was held on Monday evening, Mr. Geo. Day, president, in the chair. The other members present were Messrs. Nagle, Thorold, and Hunter. The principal business disposed of was the preparation of the report and balance-sheet for submission to the annual meeting of subscribers. These documents were drawn up and approved, and the usual monthly report of the superintendent was adopted. Mr. Thorold moved that the secretary be instructed to write to Mr. Moore, applying for a share in the annual distribution to charitable institutions of shrubs and flowers; and also asking that any surplus plants, &c.;, remaining over from the supply to be sent up for the decoration of the goods-shed at the railway opening demonstration, be handed over to the committee. Mr. Nagle seconded the motion, which was carried. It was also decided, on the motion of Mr. Thorold, to purchase a fire-brick bath, as suggested by Dr. Roberts, at a cost of £15. K^ THE RAILWAY OPENING DEMONSTRATION.—A commiitee meeting was held on Monday last, and the following mat ters were dealt wit h. The price of tickets was fixed as follows :—Local tickets for the cftjeuner, 15s. ; for the ball, 12s.—each ticket admitting only one person. Sydney tickets for the dejeuner, £1 Is.; for the ball, £1 Is.—all single tickets. It was resolved to have 400 tickets printed at once for sale in Sydney, viz, 300 ball tickets and 100 for the dejeuner. Advertisements were drawn up for insertion in the newspapers. It was stated that the special train bringing visitors to Albury would leave Sydney at 7.30 p.m. on Wednesday, 2nd February, arriving here at noon on the 3rd; the return tickets to be available for four days. The sum of •£30 was voted to be expended under the direction of the Friendly Societies in sports and a treat for the children. A list of guests to be invited was submitted for approval, and steps were taken with a view to obtain from the Victorian Railway Department a special train from Melbourne for tbe opening ceremony. SALES OF TOWN PROPERTY.— Several large sales of town property took place on Saturday last. Messrs. Ciias. L. Griffiih and Co., nnder instructions from Mr. James Higgitis, offered 20 building allotments adjoining the railway station, and disposed of a considerable number at urices ranging from £27 to £60 per lot. Some lots on which the biddings were not up to the veudor's reserve were passed in. Mr. L. Solomon submitted five blocks in the northern part of the town, having frontages to Guinea and George streets. The lots consisted of villa sites, 40ft. x 132ft, and w re all quitted at the following priceR, viz.:—£25, £20, £14, £14, and £18 10s. Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. also held a large sale on the same dav, and disposed of a number of allotments. For Mr. Rose's land in Perry-street— about 1| acres—£121 was obtained. An allotment of land in David-street, on which are erected two cottages considerably out of repair, brought over £280. Eight allotments averaging about 40ft by 70lt., and having frontages to Clarke and Smollett streets, realised the following price's, viz.: —£15, £21, £39, £31, £16, £18, £10, and £20. Of the sales a3 a whole it may be said that the prices realised were fairly satisfactory. TIMBER LICENSES.—For the information of a correspondent whose letter appears in another column, we append the following information with regard to timber licenses. Licenses for cutting and removing any kind of timber are issued at the rate of £4 per annum. Licenses fcr cutting and removing hardwood or bark only are charged £2 per annum. In either ca9e, however, the licenses may be obtained for the current uarter at one- fourth of the total fee for the year, -he licenses may be obtained from all land agents and clerks of petty sessions. Such licenses will empower the holders to enter upon any Crown land not held under lease for other than "pastoral purposes, or not measured for sale or dedicated under 5th clause of the " Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1861" to any -public purpose, or reserved under 39th clause of the " Lands Act Amendment Act of 1875," or not within half a mile of any city, town, village, or head station, or not forming part of an enclosure of less extent than 1000 acres, or not specially exempted by notice in the Gazette. Any timber or description of timber the cutting of which may be prohibited by notice in the Gazette, and any timber which may have been reserved, with the consent of the commissioner of the district, for shade or ornament, will also be exempt from the operation of timber licenses. ALBURY RACING CLUB.—A well-attended meeting of gentlemen interested in the revival of local sport was held at the Council-chambers on Wednesday evening, Mr. J. Walker Jones in the chair. The chairman having explained the object of the meeting, stated what had so far been done, and Mr. G. Bradley moved a resolution to the effect " That it is desirable to form a new club to be called the Albury Racing Club." Mr. Emerson seconded the motion, which was earned unanimously, and the following were enrolled as the original members of the club, viz.:—Messrs. A. Boyle, Chenery, Lyne, J. Day, M'Phillamy, Nagle, Duffy, Steel, Kirkpatrick, Bradley, Buggy Edmondson, Ten Brink, Griffith, Norman, Emerson, Abercrombie, Cowley, M'Lennan, Edwards, Frew, Wood, Mitchell, Thorold, King, Billson Farnell, Aeschimann, Dight, Schmiedt, J. Walker Jones, Stewart (Thologolong), Kelly (Burrowye) S. Watson, A. Paton, H. Bowler, Thos. ICeighran, .. M'Donald, Captain Battye, G. Cattlin, W. Whitehand, and Dr. Duncan. On the motion of Mr. Bradley, seconded by Mr. Ten Brink, a committee of management was appointed, consisting of the following gentlemen :—Messrs. A. Boyle R. C. Webb, V. Nagle, G. Day, W. Norman, W. C. Steel, A. H. Emerson, W. Lamport, Chas. Griffith, A. Frew, J. Kirkpatrick, and G. Billson. The rules of the Albury Turf Club were adopted m globo ; the rate of subscription was fixed at £2 2s. per annum ; it was decided to convene a meeting of committee for Thursday next for the election of officers ; aud the meeting then closed. Mr. Ton Brink officiated as secretary pro tern. THE COTTON TREE DIGGINGS.—The results from the various washings during the past quarter have been very Fatisfactory, and the abandoned ground taken up during the quarter before, has so far given good wages ; the lode in many cases giving better prospects as the sinking gets deeper. Claims yielding only from 7dwts. to 15dwts. have, on trial at a greater depth, given from loz. to 2oz. There is consequently some ground for hoping that the goldfield will prove permanent. The returns for tlie last quarter of 1880 arc as follows :—At Rhodes's battery of ten stamps 378 tons were crushed, yielding 429oz. ldwt. of smelted gold. This was the property of numerous parties, and was crushed in lots ranging from two tons to 90 tons ; tlje average yield being loz. 2dwt. 16]-gr. This battery is driven by a 10-horse power engine, which, however, is shortly to be superseded by a water-wheel, and the engine will then be utilised for driving another 8-stamp battery at present idle for want of motive power. A leaden basin is also used in connection with this plant, and saves a considerable-amount of gold that would otherwise bajgst. It is estimated, indeed, that the saving <Sjped is almost equal to the cost of carting aucffeushing. At Messrs. Grant and Sous 8-stamp battery, driven by a 12-liorse power strum engine, the crushings for the quarter were 811 tons of quartz, giving 347£oz. of smelted gold. This was crushed in lots of 2i tons to 293 tons, yielding from 7dwts. to 2oz. to the ton, or au average of about 8Mwts. for the whole. The Maritaua Company" have commenced crushing a parcel of 90 tons, and as this stone usually goes from Hoz. to 3ioz. to the ton, a nice cake of gold is anticipated. "The shaft is now down 100ft., a£ which depth the reef is l£ft in width and looking well. Several parties are out prospectiug the neighborhood for alluvial ground, and one party has succeeded in striking gold on a tributary of the Murray a few miles above Granya. Only a Jew ounces have yet been obtained, but the prospectors are sanguine of success. The township is beginning to present quite a settled aspect, and during the Christinas holidays was the scene cf much festivity, including a picuic, ball, ami athletic sports. To FARMERS.—We notice that Messrs. Culley and Son are buyers of oats, delivered at Urana. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first tium in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention :—Mr. Thomas Mitchell, Bringembrong, will not pay for goods unless supplied to his written order ; tenders wanted for fencing at Brown's Springs; two bullocks lo«t; bay filly lost,; 240-acre selection for sale ; How-long Cheap Cash Store ; Jlr. L. Solomon holds a sale of town lands on Saturday next; free ball and supper at tbe Moorwaiha Hotel on Friday; All debts due to Mr. W. C. Steel must be paid at onco ; the re-opening of the Albi ry Lodge I.O.G.T will take place next Tut.si ay ; Mr. F. Matthews, of the Temperance Hotel, announces that he will sell a box of carpenter's tools left with him; school duties resumed l.y the Misses Blackmore at Wodonga, and by Miss Mackett next Monday; Ladies' College Clarendon-street, Fitzroy, is advertised ; tenders for works are invited by Towong Shire Council ; tenders are invited for erecting weatherboard cottage; Messrs. Bousfield and Rigg, blacksmiths, Germanton have dissolved partnership ; M>\ S. Mudge announces auction sales every Saturdaj-, commencing this day ; Mr. G. Letlibridge announces the sale of a dray next Monday ; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. will sell a 3-ton waggon on Wednesday, 2nd February ; the same firm hold a sale of fat stock to-day, and announce that hereafter their sales will be"'on Wednesdays; Mcs^is. Griffith and Co. hold a sale of fat stock on Wednesday next; Mr. A. O. Boyle announces a sale of building lots at Howlong on Thursday, 10th February ; tenders are invited for Various' works in connection with the railway fete ; Friendly Societies Gala on tbe day of the Railway Fete ; conditions of Railway Handicap are published; Mr. A. Boyle will sell the Wodonga flour mills at the Rose Inn on Sth February ; Messis. Ocas. L. Griffith and Co. will sell booths at ensuing spoils on Friday ; Mr. Boyle will offer on Sth February the Criterion Hotel, Hume-sticet; Grammar School opens on Monday ; tenders aie invited for Government contracts ; "tenders wanted for building cottage; horses lost froni Walla Walla ; auction sale of pot plants at Wodonga ; accounts due to Gordon and Sbeppard must be paid, and all claims presented; Mr. G. Billson, in reply to a requisition, consents to- stand for the Borough Council; Roman Catholic art-union to be drawn on 26th inst. 