.AT. P. DRY RACING CLUB. A nub! io meeting was held at the Con -led Chambers, on Wednesday even in- i isc, for the purpose of formtng a new -vat-big club for Albury., Mr J W ju..es was called to the chair, and be tween "'0 or 30 gentlemen interested m racm- were present. , Tho secretary pro tem. informed' che meeting that - a preliminary meefin" bad been held a few days pre vious when it had been decided to send a number of circulars to the residents. pf Sie town and district, inviting their co operation in the formation of a new rJcin- club for Albury, and to convene Se resent meeting. At the preliminary meetfo-Mr G- F. Bradley had been . S,Sed honorary treasurer and him self honorary secretary pro tcm. As Mr Bradisr was .- a longer resident .ef the town, and was abdt,-r authority on the racin- matc-rs of the district than himself he would leave it f Mr Bradley to explain more explicitly the objects of ihe meeting. ivr- a F BRADLEY «aid he desired to move that a new racing club be formed, and that the ruhs of the old club, cf which he had "been an original member, be adopted. He stated that the new club would start without in any way -eing r spon- sible for the liabilities incurred, by the old club. In fact, these liabilities of the old club had all been met, that is to say by few of its members ; and the new club would have a fair start, and their would be no chauce of it coming into contact with the old Albury Turf Club. The trustees of the latter, Messrs G. Day, M.L.A., J. H. Kirkpatrick, and A. 0. Boyle, were quite willing to allow the Albury racecourse to be used by tne new club. He had seen the deed of trustee ship, which had invested the ground in the above- named gentlemen for the purpose of liorseracing, foot- acing, and athletic sports. Generally, in fact, the new club would enter into a newly furnished house without having had the expense oi any outlay, ana ne might add that they would have the con fidence of the public in them. Mr BRADLEY then read the names of the following gentlemen who had stated their intention of becoming members of the new Albury Racing Club : — Messrs G. Day, M.L.A., W. J. Lyne, ALL. A., J. H. Kirkpatrick, S. Wilson, J. Mitchell, J. Walker Jones, A. Baton, H. J. Bowler, A. O. Boyle, W. M. Edmondson, A. Stewart, D. J. Abercrombie, K. McLennan, A. Frew, J. Day, A. Chenery, G. F. Bradley, C. Ten Brink, C. H. Diglit, J. J. Duffy, V. F. Nagle, W. C. Steele, W. T. Norman, G. Thorold, G. H. Billson, C. L. Griffith, J. S. McPhil- f lamy, W. King, F. Farnell, J. P . Buggy, J. I C. Duncan, P. J. Kelly. C. Schmeidt, A. Aeschiinan, A. H. Emerson, R. Cowley, J. R. Edwards, J. H. Wood, John McDonald, T. Keighran, W. White head, and Captain Battye. Mr EMERSON moved that the gentle men whose names had been read out in the above list constitute the original members. Seconded by Mr BILLSON, and carriea. Mr NAGLE then proposed, and Sir BRADLEY seconded, that the annual subscription be two guineas. Sir W. C. STEEL moved as an amend ment, and Mr EMERSON seconded, that the amount of subscription be three guineas. The motion was put and carried, only the mover and seconder voting for the amend ment. Sir BRADLEY moved, and Sir EMERSON seconded, that the new club bo called the Albury Racing Club. — Carried. It was resolved that the rules of the old club bo adopted. As under No. 8 of these riiles, it was laid down that the committee appoint the president, vice-president, treasurer and s ecretary of the club each year. Sir BRADLEY moved that the follow ing gentlemen form the committee : — Messrs G. H. Billson, Boyle, James Day, Emerson, A. Frew, C. Griffith, Kirkpatrick, Lamport, Nagle, Norman, Steele and Capper Webb. Seconded by Sir NAGLE, and carried. The meeting separated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. Rutherglex Police Court. — On Wed nesday, before Messrs Thomas Reeve and W. Burrowes, J.P.'s, Slargaret Walsh summoned Thomas Peel for illegal deten tion of a dog valued at £15. No appear ance of defendant. An order was made for the restoration of the dog, or to pay the sum of £15 ; costs, 4s. A hawker's license was granted to Peter Rothwell. Victorian Grain and Produce .Market — Messrs William Adamson and Co report for the week ending January 19th Grain — We held our usual weekly sale of grain at our rooms to day. Biddings for good shipping parcels of wheat were brisk, but inferior and medium lots attracted little attention. Our catalogue of wheat comprised about 2000 bugs, and we quitted nearly the whole at from 3s 7d to S- 9.1 for inferior to medium, and from 3s lOd to 4s for fair to good milling. We sold barley at prices ranging from 2s 4d for inferior an! mixed lots" to 3s 6d for good malting, far average samples realized 3s 3d. Oats were in re quest, 2s 4i to 2s 7d being obtained for medium lots, and 2s 8d to 2s 9d for stout feed. We quote maize 4s 6d to 4s 61 d with a short supplv. Flour is dtiil at £9 JD nry Produce — Our sale to-day was well atteuded. and prices in most cases maintained last week's rates. Below we give results oi actual sales. Potted Butter —Prime new, in good order 4d to 5d Off condition lots 2id to 3J but biddings were slack, except for first quality. Fresh Butter— A few favourite iots, regular supply, realized Sd to 9&i.; Ordinary private dairies 61 to Sd. Collector's pare. Is " id to 7£d. Cne'-se. — The immense quantity coming to hand, and disinclination oi buye s to operate, keep pries low. We quote prime 3-j-d to 4d ; n.e iiuni, 21 to 3d Kggs — The quality to hand was large, and prices firm at the following r -.t- s: Du -k ejgs, Is 6d Guaranteed weekly lots, hen eg. s 141 to 15-Jd. Bacon — Prices unaltered, 'ides, aid to 7d ; middles, fi jd to 7d ; flitches, 5d Hams - Guarantee d, 6»d to Sd ; inferior, 8£d. Honey. — Bush, 3id to 4d ; garden, 5d to 5id Beeswax. — Si-I to 1 'd. Poultry. —Turkey-, lus f>d to 12s 6d ; fowls, 2s to 3.s ; ducks. 2s 6 _Meluodrne Stock Market. — Mr John G. Duugharty on the 19ih iust., reports : Fit Cattle — 18S6 came for the week's supply. With a good attendance of both town 'and country buyers, sale opened with a light advance on last week's mtes, which was well maintained throughout, leaving off with an advance of from 5 to 10s on closing ...,les la3t week, esp-eially preventing the trt ie from operating s > f. ei-ly as tlu-y o li -r- wise would have done had the weath r br?r-:i cool I have sold — 4 > Intl. neks for the Hon. Win. Wilson, from his Goonambil station, to £5 5s ; 26 do and cows ior Mr C. Street. Vodooga, to A"6 7s 6 1 ; 21 eows for ill-., executors of the late Mr F. Street, Wodonga. to £4 I s; 20 bull mks for Mr It Milne Whnroaiy, to £6 15s ; 15 bullocks for Mr Geo. Street. Wodonga, to £6 Ids. Fat alves — 150 came lorwar i for iff- week's market, and, on acc uut of the last two weeks' supply being smaller than usual, prices showed a slight advance best in makiog to 42s. Fat Sheep.— 22,641 came in for this week's supply. For realv good sheep the market opened at about la.-t vi-.-k's rates, and coniinued throughout ; and for anything inferior, and suitable for graziers, there was a better demand notice able, and prices were 6d per head in advance of last week. I. have sold— 101 wetlnrs for Mr H. Richardson, Wodonga West, at 9s 3d. Fat Lambs.— 3033 came forward for the. week's supplv. this being the smallest supply we have lnd for some time. Prices showed an advance of from 6d to; Is on last week'B' quotations -best in making a? high as 9s. I have sold— 113 for Mr H. Richard son, Wodonga West, to 6s.— I have to report a decided improvement in the demand, more particularly for those suitable, for ihe.Indian market. I have sold this week, through the yards 30 head, on aceou'nt of" "Mr John Pierce, of Greg Greg, Upper Murray, and oth«rs, it highly satisfactory prices, making f.om £7 10s to £29, according to breeding and condition. And quote-Heavy draughts, nose offering ; medium draughts and light harness from £15 to £30 , strong, well bred geldings and fillies, from £.17 to £30 ordin ary do do- £12 10s to £15 ; stock hacks and li.'ht unbroken stock,! from £2 upwards. » v Kiewa River Mems.— A correspon dent furnishes the following : — Having been cn a visit to Gitndo wring, r Dederang, and a portion of the Kiewa, perhaps a few notes on my rou e may not be deemed out of place in your widely circulated paper- There are occasions when the first place should be given to the ladies Begging their pardon, I will give the weather precedence. On the borders of the river and amidst the valleys leading thereto great heat prevailed. This has been seasonable for the ripening of the cr ips, although disadvantageous to the production of grasses for stock. Front what I have been able to learn from resi dents, the wheat crop will be an average one, and the grain of good quality ; and the outcome of oat3 will give a fair re turn for the labor and capital expended. About Dederang the tobacco looks promis ing. As the crop entails a great deal of labor and outlay of capital, it is to be hoped that the growers will receive such prices this season as will fnlv recoup them for the almost failure of the plants during the last two years. The giving a practical monopoly of the manufacture ot tobacco to a few Melbourne houses, will, it is said, militate against the growers re ceiving a fair price for the leaf. It is to be hoped that these views _ may not prove prophetic. From specimens exhibited from the Wild Horse Reef, which has been traced some three and a half miles, well developed and gold- bearing, a prosperous future for reefs is anticipated. Some rich specimens have been taken from the matrix, between Sandy Creek and Gundowring, tic the back of Mr Ronau's. Here is an opening for capitalists for judicious investments. While developing the mineral resources of the district, and receiving, as their un doubted right, a good return for capital invested ; they will give employment for years to come to an industrious and a hard-working body of men. Rain i3 much needed, and on Wednesday and Thursday it threatened a downfall ; but the clerk mf the weather seemed to alter his mind, and only a few sprinkling drops descended upon the parched and disappointed eaith. Bright District Mems. — Our correspon dent writes : — Happy Valley, Eurobin and Porepunkah having been visited during the hist few days by the writer, his gleanings may be acceptable to the readers of your paper. Rain, rain, rain, is the desire of nearly all I have conversed with. The extensive bush-fires in the secluded valleys threw a haze between the dwellers amidst the hills and the sun. The light may b - thus tempered, but the heat is oppressive. A slight sprinkling of the much desi'-ed rain which fell on Wednesday raised tiie hopes of farmers. These hopes proved delusive ; yet sis clouds, as well as smoke, are dense and low, the weather- wise say rain is not far oft'. Most of the crops are cut and carted home in those neighbor hoods. The returns will be far better amidst the hills, than on the extensive Whorouly or Oxley Plains. The few hop plantations on the Ovens River are looking well, and the small area to pi «m td in tobacco promises a fair return Some Beech worth, Myrtleford and Bright gentlemen left Porepankah to-day for an ascent of the Buffalo Range. They have an experienced guide, and the sun being hidden by clouds will make their journey not so unpleasant as if his fiery rays shon uninterruptedly upon them. They propose camping for at least one night upon its summit. The haze of smoke will prevent a distinct or distant panoramic view of the country. One of the gentlemen courteously informed the writer that a vivid imagination could supply all the deficiencies of the landscape. What a pity 'tis that imagination, how ever exalted, cannot supply the deficiencies of an empty Dtirse or stomach ! But could it do so, it is to bo feared that laziness would increase amongst its, and necessity, the mother of invention, would never cause the intellects to bestir itself. The Albury Railway Demonstration. — It affords us ("Border Post") much nloasnva to state that the Government are doing all they can to -assist ihe committee in their arrangements for the forthcoming demonstration. The goods warehouse is to be used for the ball, the floor of which is being covered with pine boards, which will greatly enhance the pleasure of those who join in the mazy dance. This build ing is 200 feet by 30, so that there will lie ample scope for a large gathering. The platform situate at tiie south end of the ball-room is some 230 feet long. 150 feet of this is to be covered in and used as the banquet and supper room, which will seat between 300 and 400 guests. Arrange ments have been made with Mr Charles Moore, superintendent of the botanical gardens, Sydney, for the decoration of both the supper and ball rooms. This gentleman will send up a fine collection of plants and evergreens to be placed through out the building, which, with plenty of bunting and flags of all nations, will con vert the interior into a gay sylvan grove. To complete the comfort of the guests on the occasion it is proposed that one or two tons of ice be distributed and built up in imitation rock- ries through the rooms. This will tend to contribute an air of cool ness to all the surroundings, that must prove absolutely at this time of the year a great luxury. In addition to these build ings there will be erected several tents and marquees for the convenience of the large assemblage of spectators expected to be present. Compagnoni, of Sydney, will be the pro' iilore for - banquet and supper. The well-known popularity of this gentle man as a caterer is sufficient to warrant that t his portion of the entertainment will receive ample justice. The services of the best band in Sydney has been secured, so that the devotees to the light fantastic will have no reason for complaint. The pro cession of the Friendly Societies, with bands of music and banners waving in the breeze, will be no insignificant feature in the attractions of the day ; and in order to keep up the interest during the entire day the committee have voted the sum of £80 t-> be devoted as prizes for various kinds of sports. We hope to see this undertak ing pass off with the utmost icAat and satis faction. We appeal to the general public to pull together— go in as one man. deter mined to make the whole a grand success. A Bill of Fare. — A certain hotel in town provides a bill of fare, with a fly leaf covered with various business houses. A Chiltern man took his seat behind one of them, when a waiter appeared, with " What will you have. Sir." The waiter looked rather confused when the Federal leisurely remarked, " Bring me an Ss fid sluicefoi'k a new Davis vertical feed sewing machine, a box of Cockle's pills, a case of Greenlees whiskey and 19 cups of Younger's delicious tea." "We do not furnish these articles, except the tea," was the reply. "Then what have you got if ou the bill of fare for ; I can get Younger's tea' in any part of the district)" retorted the customer. The Crops. — The remarks passed by us last week relative to tlie crops throughout the North-Eastern District not being likely to yield a, large average is being confirmed "daily. Even in the Yarrawonga division, which has the reputation of being splendid soil, aiffbqiost of it almost i virgin, the result of - the harvest, is far hfilmv that of last year ; and similar com- plaints come from all quarters.— Wan- garatta Dispatch. ' v I , r The Exhibition Excursions. — The I da'e on which the Exhibition excursion trains will be run on the North-Eastern lines have not yet been fixed ; but they will, we learn by a letter received from the traffic manager, be duly advertised. Beechworth Literary and Debating Association. — When this admirable as sociation was inaugurated it was ' confi dently hoped and anticipated that its career would be of a most successful character ; as it was rightly felt that its objects were such as to command such. For seme time great interest was felt in it by the geueral public, and a large number of gentlemen were enrolled as members. Many lectures and essays on interesting and instructive subjects were delivered and debates in dulged in under its auspices, both at pub lic and private meetings held every al ternate Thursday evening, which were numerously attended. During the past few months, liowover, we regret to notice, there has been a lack of interest displayed by cur tain hither to prominent members, an d the attendance at meetings has been very mea.'i-e. A proof of this was noticeable at tlie meeting convened for Thursday evening liist, wlien. Mr A< F. JMorris, oi Palmcrston, was to have read an essay on "Field Sports," which he had prepared tor the occasion ; but on account of the paucity of members present, it was deemed advisable to postpone its delivery until some future occasion. This is a matter for sincere regret ; and we trust that the same concern in the welfare of the associa tion, which was started under such auspi cious circumstances, will continue to be evinced ; for we feel loth to arrive at the apparent conclusion that the youth of Beechworth are slow to recognise the special and great advantages thereby held out to tlic-m for the advancement of their intellectual welfare. Music. — An examination of persons de sirous of qualifying themselves to teach music in State-schools is to be held at Beechworth School, No. lofiO, on Wed nesday, 2nd prox. Notices of intention to attend must be lodged at the Education Department not later than Wednesday, 2Gth inst. Albury Police Court. — On Friday, before the P.M., the following cases were heard Oberhead v Metcalf : Detention of a horse and dray. Mr Thorold for plaintiff ; Mr Nagle for defendant. Mr Thorold wished to withdraw the horse from the information and only sue for the dray Mr Nagle objected, oil the ground that Mr Thorold wished to take the horse out of the information merely to bring the case within the jursdiction of the court. The case was dismissed, without costs. W. Payne was charged with driving a horse with a sore shoulder to Geregery. Fined 40s, or 14 days' imprisonment. Inspector of stock v Thomas Osborne : Using a re gistered brand other than his own. J. C. Crommelin and Jame3 Macdonald provtd that the defendant's cattle were branded T O ; that being the brand of Thomas Osborne, of Small Island, Gresham. For the defence Ephraim Osborne produced a part of a receipt fourteen years old, which showed that defendant had registered and paid for the T 0 brand. As Oaborne had written to the authorities in Sydney for the original receipt, the case was remanded to the 1st of February for their produc tion. Charles Phren, who, charged on Thursday with stealing £21 from a dwell ing-house, the property of Joseph Liulwig, was discharged on that charge on Friday morning, and a fresh charge entered against him of stealing £3 from the person of Joseph Ludwig. After hearing the evidence of prosecutor and one or two witnesses, the prisoner, who reserved his defence, was committed to take his trial at the Quarter Sessions, on the 14th of February. Eefectixg a Clearance. — Mr B. Dawborn, draper, of Ford-street, Beech worth, in our business columns notifies that, in order to effect a clearance, he will dispose of the balance o? his summer goods at an immense discount ; and offers bar gains in every department. Racing " Sweets." — At the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Thursday, Louis Periera, restaurant-keeper, and Henry Gamble, chemist, were charged with or ganising " sweeps" on horse-racing. The oii'ences were proved and the defendants were each fined £20, with £fi Gs costs. Subscription Lists. — Elsewhere in this issue will be found lists of the subscrip tions collected during the past month in aid of the funds of the Ovens District Hospital and Ovens Benevolent Asylum. The" subscriptions to the former institu tion amount to £109 19s, exclusive of £150 received from the Beechworth Mining Board, £10 from the Rutherglen Borough Council, and£7 10s from the Chil tern (Shire Council. The total amount subscribed on behalf of the Benevolent Asylum is set down at £309 19s' lOd, which includes £150 from tlie Beechworth Mining Board and £70 from the Beech worth United Shire Couucil. An Embarassing Religious Diffi culty. — a religious difficulty of a rather embarassing kind litis (says the " St. James's Gazette") lately arisen at Wauke- gan, i:i tiie United States. A wedding took place there the other day, the bride groom being a Baptist, and the bride a Methodist. They had agreed that im mediately after the ceremony they would decide by a "toss up" which should embrace the other's persuasion. The officiating minister was requested accord ingly to toss up a cent as soon as he had concluded the service. The reverend gentleman declined on the ground that, being himself a Methodist, he might, in tlie event of the bride winning, be accused of not having " tossed fair. " The bride herself finally threw the coin and lost. When she went to join the Baptists, however, they rejected her because she did not believe i:i "close communion." This displeased the husband, who went over in a liulf with his wife to the Methodists. The affair has created much strong feeling among members of both persuasions at Waukeg.in, some maintain ing that the bride, having lost the toss, was bound in honor to join the Baptsts under any circumstancti:, while others hold that the course pursued by the young couple is the only one which they could have adopted with any sense of dignity and eelf-respeot. The Disros.\l of Kelly's Cor pse. — The Melbourne correspondent, of the "Ararat Advertiser" writes : — "Ned Kelly's body, it is alleged, was given over after the execution to the medical. men, and a nice mess they made of it. The students par ticularly went in heavily, taking part of the body and generally examining every organ. It was a ghastly sight, indeed, hardly ever paralleled. I am teld that portions of the corpse are now- in nearly every curiosity cabinet of -Melbourne medical men's places.'-' The skull was taken possession of by one gentlemen, and it is probable i that .he may hereafter, enlighten us on the peculiarities of .the great criminal's brain. ' Tlie medical men call these 'things " preparations," and therefore the public can imagine what has (become of Kelly's body. As a matter of fact, I have seen . a part of. the body, although iit ..is supposed ' that it was con sumed in tlie quick lime which is thrown into the grave.-' - ' i . : . .... v ... "ii 7' i i A Youthful Scholar. — Some ten months ago a lad named Conrai John Fasten, aged about fifteen years, left the Baliar.it Orphan Asylum, naving been in the institution for some ten or eleven years, and returned to his home in Albury. He had evidently profited by the tuition he had received from Mr Date, master of the orphanage school (and at one time teacher in the Wangaratta State- school), as cnmR few davs ago he forwarded a letter to that gentleman, informing him he had passed the civil service examination, and also taken prizes at school. The letter, the penning of which showed that Master Easton still remembered his old master, read, in portion, as follows: — "Albury, 27tli December, 18S0. Mr Date.— Dear Sir — I hope you will excuse me not an swering 3 our very kind letter, but I fiiniKrht. it. better to wait until I might be able to say that I passed the civil service examination. There were four candidates from our school, and I was one of them ; and I am happy to inform you, dear sir, that I have passed, even if it were only for the honor of it ; as I do not know what benefit it can be to me, not having any influential friends to introduce me to any situation in Government, or to forward me in any way whatever ; but I must use my own talent and make my own mark. The Christmas examinations have just passed, in which I was successful in getting two prizes, which were the best given out — one for passing the civil service and one for general proficiency at school ; and I also had the honor, as the examiner said, of being called out for two more, but that gentleman wished to distribute the prizes as far as he could. I hope you are very well, and enjoyed a merry Christmas, and I hope also you will enjoy a happy new year, and many of them. As soon as the holidays are over, there is to be held throughout the district of Goulburn a bursary examination, the winners of which are to have a place in St. Patrick's College, /1 11 a L'xf\ -i?rt it n iinf Vouiuurilj Villus 4UU, iUl UI1V5 jrciaiy out costs. I would like to go up for it, but I see no chance of that ; as only two boys throughout the whole districc can win it, and as I must look out for some thing to do now. — I remain, dear sir, yours respectfully, Conrad John Easton.' A Case of Snakebite. — On Sunday morning a farmer named John Cain, resid ing beyond Kilfeera Station, was engaged in hunting rabbits. One went into a hollow log, and in endeavoring to get it out Cain incautiously put his hand into the cavity, when it was seized by a large black snake, which, on being killed, measured over five feot. On finding himself bitten, he, with tiie aid of his relative, Jim Steers, ligatured the fingers bitten, and proceeded witii all speed to Benalla for meuicai assisiauce. m neury ucopxy excised the bitten parts and applied the usual rem.-di..s. He remained under the fostering care <>f Mr M'Kee till evening, and when l.ist.-na.; i was ridinghome perfectly well, though sightly under the influ ence ef tne srimulaiiio applied. — "En sign." A Syoneyite's Opinion of Mr Berry. — The " Sydney Evening News" observes : — The peculiar career of the present Premier of Victoria, and the fact that he has c.mie to he looked upon as the embodi ment of those principles of protection which are so rampant in Victoria, and of so slow a growth here, causes his presence in Sydney a matter of considerable in terest to very many of its people. The process by which the keeper of a small grocery in Co'.liugwocd became a leading public man and du jacto ruler of the country, and how the speaker v-ko obtained only an indifferent hearing from a cabbage cart has become the patiently listened to by addresser of thousands is known to all who have watched the history of the past in the colonies. Mr Berry's worst enemies, and lie lias probably nude more than any other public man in Australia, admits his consistency a3 a protec.ionist, and this endears him to the small following of Mr "Buchanan and his lieutenants. They will, i of course, entertain him during his stay, L and with him the equally line unpromising protectionist, Mr W. M. K. Vale. In person, Mr Berry does not appear to age much. To many, be is of course familiar, from the caricatures, and those who expect a cadaverous, lantern-jawed imbecile, will be surprised at the brisk, not to say jaunty, style of the creator of Burryism and in ventor of stonewalls and Black Wednes day. Mr i Jerry probably knows as well as anyone else that in one direction at least his mission will be as fruitless as that he took to England a while ago, but in the meantime he intends to enjoy liis trip, lie is an excellent postprandial speaker, and delight in the enjoyment oi social in tercourse ; so that there is every reas.on to suppose he will find no difficulty in ac cepting the many invitations ho is likely to receive during Lis stay. A Novel Doll Show. — ' John Peery- bitigle" has the following : — Tiie Exhi bition soeuis to have set all the folks mad on shows. The latest thing in the show line is one for dolis. It's a new idea, but L daresay it will draw out some of our young ladies in the way of dresses. The show wilt be a big affair, no doubt, for L see tho riht men have got it in hand. I tyiaiii life core would be hard to be beat in squeezing prizes out of folks, and I see lie has managed to get £300 together ; so it will be worth the trouble for competitors to try tiieir level best. There is a gcod prize olleriM for individuals. I suppose that means dolls representing public men. I inn i.old that siuce this prize has been advertised about ten dozen of china .dolls h ive bean sold, all intended to be dressed up like little Mirams. There will tie no end of Minimises in the show. There won't lie ninny O'Shanassys. because it takes too much stuff to dress them There are about eight entries for tho Berry family. This will take a lot of drossum, as there arc so many of them. There will be about forty George Collins Levevs, and one King Casey. Among the groups of public interest will be "David and Willie Gatinson reclining at the feet of til i Kelly family," and the other group will repre sent " Lotigmore holding a dagger with blood dripping from it, bcnuuig over sonic Irish landlords." Both groups, it is anticipated, will be painfully realistic. That's the way the papers put it, I believe. New Licenses. — James Bevan, 7a, Wangaratta North; William J. Austin, I la Or 2Gp, Bright ; Daniel Cherry, 5a 2r loo, Bright ; Evan Evans, 13a 2r 15p, Bright ; Matthew Farrington, 19a or 25p, Bright ; Francis P. McGrath, lfia, Bright ; Richard Thomas Pascoe, 10a, Bright ; T. 0\. Kiiighiii, 10a, Bright ; George Cruncher. 18a 2r 34p, Myrtleford ; Selina Constan- tine, 20a, Myrtleford.; Hugh Moore, 3a, Myrtleford ; James Smith. 20a, Myrtle ford ; Michael Youl, 12a2r37p, Myrtle ford; Robert H. Kelly, 20a, Tawanga ; Abraham Lawrence, 20a, HarrietviUe ; Peter W. McKay, 9a 3r 37p, Freeburg ; William O'Connell, 20a, Btickland ; Geo. Price, 20a, Porepunkah ; James Ashdown, 7 a' Or 27p, Chiltern West; John Tobin, 20a, Chiltern West ; Edward Hackford, -19a 3r 39p, Lilliput ; Bernard McAneny, 20a C.irlyle ,;_. James Thomas Webb, 20a, Chiltern John Dngaii, 20a ,B e e chwoFtl W; Saul Gateman. 20a,- Murmungee ; Win. Hamilton, 20a, Murmuugee ; Frederick Muller,20a, Murmuugee ; James Kearney, 20a, Beetliang ; Mat. Peterson, 12a Or .'JLp, Magorra ; Charles Wheeler, 20a, Cqlac Colac ; Alex.vFraser, lOu, Tongio- munie East i 1 Reliqious Dissensions.— Tlie "Ade laide Observer" thus writes When Par- iiitnient is in session polit.cal speeches flow, in broad discoloured streams through the columns of a newspaper, and all the little rills are dammed back until they disappear -by 'he slow process' of evapor - tion. As soon as the session is over tiny affluents find their way into the main channel, and bring down with them th T. peculiar cli'iit-woou. J ust now, newspapm controversialists, are engaged upon a dL cussion of the "doctrine of the atone inent." We have to thank certain clerical members of tlie Melbourne Presbytery for the subject. Last October, the Rev. Charles Strong, pastor of the fashionable Scots Church in Collins- street, wrote an article in the "Victorian Review," in which he expressed doubts about the virtue and n/iurAD rvf fcliA nfmifmiamt:. The article attracted 11O particular notice from laymen at the time ; but when the Melbourne Pres- by tery me t in December, several of the strict school called attention to the heterodoxy of their reverend brother, and initiated steps for an enquiry to be held in Feb ruary next. For the last ten or twelve years the pulpit of the Collui3-street church has been occupied by preachers of an advanced or progressive thought, in contra-clistinction to Chalmers' Church, East Melbourne, founded by Dr Cairns (a venerable octogenarian), where the old doctrines are presented on Sundays in the good old solemn dress. For new ideas men go to the Scots Church, and those who reverence the ancient landmarks stay at Chalmers' Church. In the lifetime of the Rev. Irving Hetherington, the first pastor of the Scots Church, many petty differences over points of faith arose amongst the presbyters, and one of the combats between him and Dr Cairns was likened by a clever newspaper writer to the quarrel of the Capnlitsand Montagues. The brethren bit their thumbs, but de clined to say at whom they bit them. Y\7?4-l-» AT i» O fiiUnvinrfJ-ftn ittos oee/iDioforl f Vn» TV lull 1!1L lllUUll IWOVOUttUU IlllW late Mr Menzies, the ablest and most broad-viewed Presbyterian ever heard in Meluourno — a man of wide sympathies and gentle nature -allied to noble fearlessness. Since the death of these two men those careers were to a great exteut a protest against nar row-mindedness ami dogmatism. The Scots Church ha3 been under the directiou of the Rev. Charles Strong, a healthy- toned, cheerful man, in sympathy with the intellectual earnestness and in- quisitiveness of the day. Now the pres- livfmimna nnH nsmtihlv wIitaI. ffavovn thft church, are almost wholly composed of clergyman aid eldeis of orthodox views. Tiieir fondness for the old form of the church is extreme, and they conduct l-\ii cinacc in tv Innortiiivm itvliirli mifeiriora fail to understand. They have seder unts, receive overtures, and make deliverances, and once or twice a year take hold of some congregation or parson with an iron grip. They have long waited for a chance bring the rationalists on the opposite side of the street before the inquisition and catechise them on the Westminster con fession of faith. Adventures of a Blind Man. — A tale of suffering reaches the " JSendigo Inde pendent" from Kerang The circum stances, briefly narrated, are as follows : — About, a fortnight ago, a blind man named Buckley left Wilcannia, on a journey to Melbourne. He had for a companion a youth named Sebart, whose parents are said to reside at Prahran. They travelled in a vehicle drawn by two' horses. Nothing eventful occurred till they reached the Box Forest situated on the Reedy Lake Station, seven miles to the northward of Kerang. That was about a week ago. They camped in the forest, at a spot lialf-a-mile distant from Swan Hill road. The horses were turned cut, but next morning could not be found. The boy accordingly lef t to search for them, but did not come upon them till Tuesday. The man Buckley having been left at the eucampment by himself, and feeling the pangs of thirst blind as he was, started away on a search for water. On the lad returning in the evening to the camp Buckley was not there, and the youth being a stranger in the district and there being no habitation visible for miles around, he scarcely knew what to do. However, he at last obtained assistance, but it was not till Tuesday morning that the missing man was found. Mr C. White, manager of tho Reedy Lake Station, dis covered the unfortunate man. He was nearly demented, but was still wandering about tlie forest. Only for this timely rescue lie could not have survived, for it is said he must have been without water for at least six days, an almost incredible statement, considering the extreme heat of til.; weather. His appearance was piti able, his flesh being almost worn oft' his bones with hunger and privation. Mr White, however, at once proeur. d food and waler, and afterwards conveyed him to the station, where he is being carefully attended to. We have heard many tales of suffering by being lost in the bush, but this short history of a blind mail's adventure certainly is not the least of tliein. Very SmallPeople. — Ail Londonis talk ing of the last wonder which has come to it — two morsels of humanity of the veritable Lilliputian type, which are now on show in Picadilly. One weighs less tlim five pounds, and the other barely nine, and both are about a couple of feet high. The smallest, a lady, is a native of Mexico, and talks Spanish or English indifferently well ; the other, a gentleman, hails from New York. It is difficult to imagine anything fun niev than the appearance of these mites, walking up and down their tiny stage, like animated dolls. Lucia, the lady, is about . eighteen years of age, and full of life and spirits. The least thing sends her off into a lie of merry laughter, and she is always ready o flirt and coquette with the spec tators. Her face is distinctly Mexican in features ; she has a very long and rather peaky nose, with a retreating chin and full lips, and her complexion is rather tawny. The little Yankee, although two years younger, is of graver aspect, as becomes his sex, bat he is ready to exchange jests with the public, andean hold his own well. Not the least amusing part of the show is the dejection of Mr Commodore Foote, the well-known Lilliputian, who is utterly out-dwarfed, if we may coin the word, by these almost infinitesimal pigmies. -His air is one of dejection, as though, in dwarfing, the line ought, to be drawn ut three, feet and a-luilf — his own . height. These curious specimens of ethnological absurdity are making the tour of the world, and may be expected at the Anti podes in due course. — "Home News." Messrs Berry and Patterson. — Tho Melbourne correspondent of an up-country journal thus gossips : — One of the reasons why some people think that Mr Patterson is likely to be Premier, and Sir Berry to go home, is that Mr Patterson has been organising the Railway Department in such a manner . that 110 Minister will be required. As it is, Mr Elsdon is now the ruler at Spencer-street, and is the most capable man who ever held the position. Another statement, which is circulated to show Mr Patterson's influence is that it was he who, after Mr Berry made a passionate speech declaring he would go on with business right through the Christmas holidays, compelled the Premier to retract and accept the Opposi tion's proposal. " You must swallow the adjournment,"- said .Mr, Patterson sotto voce, to his chief ; and Mr Berry did. John and His " Pig-tail." — The Chi nese are very jealous of their honor. . On VI imdav one = All -Ping strolled into the " Ensign" office at Benalla, and in his peen bar pigeon-English gave the. editor to Uiidei'stiimi, that it was his intention to our nil tha1 valued appendage, technically (.-I'med " |>'g- tail." He wished to have it advertised, "as otherwise his countrymen id. t.iibik he had been despoiled of it while serving a term in prison. " I will e .11 to morrow," was in substance what he said ; 1 and when any one accuses me of ..sing my hair while in prison, I will pro line :> the paper as evidence that such was. net the fact-." , A Novel Diamond " field."— A re markable diamond discovery is made known in our latest file of the " Cape 1'imes." which informs its readers that early in December last a man named Kvuger shot a " pauw" at a place near Fraserburg. On opening the gizzard he found, to ids great surprise, a diamond of between 20 and 30 carats' weight. The | lucky owner was offered £50 for the jewel by a well-known dealer, but refused the offer, intending to send it to Cape- town for sale, as there it was expected to realise more. A Narrow Escape. — A very narrow escape from a serious conflagration oc curred at Mr W. Frost's farm, Samaria, on Friday, through carelessness of one of the hands. It appears from what we can gather, that a man, who is engaged dig ging potatoes, lit his pipe near 'some pea straw in the stockyard, and it is thought that some fire fell out of the pipe, as, shortly after he left his work, the fire broke out, and in a few moments the whole- stockyard was in a blaze. Mrs Frost first noticed the fire, and gave an alarm ; assistance being at hand, the straw was turned over, and it being Jl-Aitlv damn from the tast rain, the fire was completely smothered out. — " Stan dard." Railway Works.— The works remain ing to be done by the Government Rail way Department in and about the Albury terminus station-yard are now in a fair wav of completion. The approaches to the line in Dean and .Swift streets have. been widened to the proper requirements, aud metal has been put down. The turn table has been finished, with tlie exception of the rails, and these wi I be laid as soon as the engine-sheds are ready to allow the contractors to pass through with their line. The arrangements for water for FttD/linir rliA pmrinPS hllYfi bfieil IlOtF fi.Q3.llv completed, and it is as well that the pub lic should be placed in possession of the facts in regard to this matter. The well lias been sunk 42 leei deep to the west side of the line, and is connected by a pipe running under the lines to the tank house on the east, which is a lofty erection having on the top an iron receiver of the capacity of 20,000 gallons. The water is very slightly brackish, bur quite good enough for the purpose tor which it is in tended. Mr W. B. Wado, assistant engineer for in-peetmg lines, was in. Albury las' week, and made a careful in spection of the progress neing made. — " Post." Telegraphic. — Reuter's _ Telegram Company announces that it has introduced a new feature into its telegraphic business, and has its codes at the service of senders, whereby such te egrams as are expressed in plain language may be sent in code, frequently at a very considera'-le saving on the ordinary cosi of transmission. Messages so coded will, in all cases be translated before delivery to the receiver, to whom a copy in plain language only will be handed. Whilst the company cannot accept any responsibility for er rors made in coding or translating, every precaution will lie taken to ensure the same strict accuracy as in the case of its own telegrams Large additions to the node have been m de. 