WE publish elsewhere a short article from the Sydney Echo, the alter ego of the leading newspaper of New South Wales, and a journal, therefore, which, if wealth and influence on the part of the proprietary go for anything, ought to be able to command the services of writers possessing some little knowledge of the subjects with which they are called upon to deal. We tccl bound, however, to point out that in this instance, as upon every other occasion when the question under discussion relates to the disposal of the public lands, our contemporary displays the most profound ignorance of the matter treated. The text of the article referred to is a recent sale of land at the Waiuiato Plains, New Zealand. This land, it appears, realised £7 2s. 6d. per acre, and our contemporary whines lugubriously over the fact that a similar rate cannot be obtained for the waste lauds of New South Wales. "If," says the Echo, "wo had these Waimato Plains in New South "Wales, we should either have sold them to squatters or have allowed them to be freeselected at what would appear is about the seventh-part of their value, and then we should have had free selectors clamoring for a portion of their bargains to be cancelled." The whole burden of the article may, in short, be summarised in the following query— Why can't we get £7 2s. 6d. per acre for land in New South Wales as easily as that price is obtained in New Zealand?" This question is very easily answered. The value of land iu these colonics is determined by the profit to be secured from its use or cultivation, and the fact that over £7 per acre has been paid for a portion of territory in New Zealand maybe accoptcd as prima facie evidence that a profit at least equal to the interest on the sum named can be obtained from working the area in question. If an equal profit could be obtained from the use of land in this colony, it may be taken for granted that the competition of capitalists eager for opportunities of investment would soon run the price of our lands up to the New Zealand figure. But as a matter of fact everyone practically acquainted with the subject knows that no such profit is to be secured. The climates of the two countries differ so widely that there is really no parallel in the cases of New Zealand and New South Wales. With the humid atmosphere, rich soil, and favorable climate of the former colony, a fair yield from auy crop sown is almost a certainty; with us a crop of any sort, good or bad, is a matter of speculation. Inthconecouutryalmost all the soil is admirably adapted for the growth of cereals; in the other there is hardly one acre in a thousand of which the same may be said. And even in those favored portions of New South Wales where agriculture may be carried on with a fair prospect of success, the yield is not to be compared with that obtained in the southern colony. Taking, for example, the returns of cereal products for the year before last, we find that in New South Wales 283,252 acres yielded 3,439,326 bushels of wheat, or a little over 11 bushels to the acre; whilst New Zealand from 264,577 acres obtained 0,070,599 1 bushels, or at the rate of over 23 bushels to the acre. Again, in oats, 22,129 acres cultivated here gave 447,912 bushels, or about 20 bushels to the acre, against a yield in New Zealand of over 30 bushels. The enormous discrepancy is, of course, apparent at a glance, but it re] something more than a mere balance of profit in favor of the New Zealand farmer. It represents the difference between a yield which pays the farmer handsomely, and one which does not pay him at alL It^to be said at one time of the goldmining mdusfay that every ounce of gold won iu Australia cost £4 in the winning. With equal truth and greater force it may be urged that every bushel of wheat now raised in this part of the colony at any rate costs the grower more than he gets for it Fanning, in feet, does not pay, and as under favorable conditions agriculture affords the most profitable method of turning the land to account, so in abandoning agriculture the landholder must even be content with a smaller return upon his investment, and the land becomes of less value. We have over and over again clearly demonstrated that even £1 per acre, coupled with the conditions imposed upon the selector, is too high a price for the land in New South Wales, and the truth of our deductions is further substantiated by the price obtained whenever a block of con ditionally-purchased land is submitted to auction. The Echo, however, appears to think that the value of land can be determined by action of the Government. Our contemporary remarks :— "The advice of Sir Julius Vo«el to the Provincial Governments, which in his days ruled in the colony, was to keep up the price of their landed estates. The policy of our distinguished land legislators has been to pull it down—to make land cheap. If we are to judge by results, it docs not seem very difficult to decide which policy has answered the best." The fallacy of this assumption, that the value of land can be fixed artificially and without regard to the use to which the land is capable of being put, needs no demonstration. This, however, is tolerably clear, that if the land in New Zealand were not worth something like £7 per acre, purchasers would not be so eager to give that price for it. And, on the other hand, if the land in this colony were of anything like equal value to that on the Waimate Plains, New South "Wales would be fairly deluged with purchasers from all parts of Australia, until, in accordance with the immutable law of supply and demand, our territory realised as much as it was worth. A BILL was introduced last week in the Legislative Assembly providing for the establishment of a system of boarding out children dependent on the State. The measure sets forth that one or more persons may be appointed as " boarding-out officer" to carry out the provisions of the bill under the direction of a board. The boarding-out officer will be authorised, under the direction of the board or of the Colonial Secretary, to remove any State child from an asylum, and to cause him to be boarded out in the house of some pro perly licensed person until attaining the age of twelve years; and (under the direction of the Colonial Secretary only) the same officer may remove any child from a reformatory, and cause him to be boarded out for any period not extending beyond the term of detention to which such child has been sentenced. The board referred to is to be composed of not more than nine persons, to be appointed by the Governor, and it will have, subject to the direction of the Colonial Secretary, authority to direct the removal of State children under the bill; to license persons for the reception of such children as boarders; to apprentice any child so boarded out at or before the end of his term of residence, for any period not over five years; to approve of persons applying to adopt State children, and to arrange the terms of such adoption; and to direct the restoration of any child to his parent or guardian on such terms as may be thought proper. The president of the board will bo appointed by the Governor, and three members will form a quorum. Clause 6 of the bill empowers the Governor from time to time to frame regulations for all details con nected with the working of the new system, all such regulations upon publication in the Gazette to have the force of law. Ill-usage of, or neglect of duty towards, any child boarded out under the Act by the person with whom the child is "boarded, is made punishable by a fine of £10, or imprisonment for any period not exceeding two months, with or without hard labor. On the other hand, any child absconding from the person with whom he is placed, or refusing to return to his place of detention when required to do so, is liable to be whipped (if a male) with a birch-rod or cane, and (whether male or female) to the punishment of a bread-and-water diet as prescribed in the regulations. Any person inducing a boarded-out child to abscond from his home, or knowingly harboring a child who has absconded, is liable to a penalty of £20, or two months' imprisonment with or without hard labor. The expenditure connected with the working of the Act is to be defrayed from such moneys as shall be specially appropriated by Parliament for the purpose, or in the absence of any special appropriation from the Consolidated Revenue, by warrant under the hand of the Governor directed to the Co-, lonial Treasurer. The bill further provides for the compulsory attendance at some public school of all children boarded out under the Act; such children to be entitled to admission to any public school without payment of fees, and to travel free on all Government railways whilst going to and from such school. The president of the board is to report annually to Parliament on the working of the Act, and to specify the number of children boarded out, the cost of outfit and maintenance, and all other particulars which may from time to time be directed to be embodied in the report. PARENTS desirous of obtaining for their children the advantage of instruction in higher branches of study than those embodied in the ordinary programme of the Public schools, will do well to take some steps to avail themselves of that clause of the Act providing for the establishment of what are called " Superior Schools." In these schools, as we pointed out a short time since, the course of instruction includes mathematics, Latin, drawing, and physical science for boys; and French, drawing, and the piano for girls; and the fees chargeable are only £1 Is. a quarter. We need hardly say that a school of such a description in the town would bo a great boon to many persons whose children have passed through the ele- mentary course of instruction imparted in the Public School; and wc have reason to believe that if a general desire be expressed for the establishment of a "Superior School" in Albury, the wish of the people will be complied with. It rests, however, with parents and others interested to take action in the matter, for though the clause of the Act bearing on the subject was intended mainly for the benefit of provincial towns such as Albury, the establishment of a higher school will of course involve additional expenditure, and heads of departments seldom care to increase the cost of administration in their various branches save at the express desire of the localities concerned. If the boon in question is worth having it is worth asking for, and there is some reason to believe that it could be had almost for the asking—provided, of course, that the requisite number of qualified pupils would be ready to avail themselves of the opportunity for obtaining the high class of instruction that the "Superior Public Schools" are intended to impart. RESIDENTS on the north side of Dean-street between the Globe Hotel and the corner of Townsend-street have suffered a good deal of annoyance for many years past from the abominable stench arising out of the notorious Dean-street drain. Each returning summer the complaints on this subject have been loud and deep, but so far they have proved singularly ineffectual as regards any lessening of the nuisance. The disgusting and poisonous smell still hovers about the place, and of course will continue to cling to the spot so long as the filthy drainage by which it is generated finds its way into the water- channel. That so serious and dangerous a nuisance should have been allowed to remain so long, does not say much for the wisdom or capacity of the municipal authorities. The remedy in such a case surely ought not' to be hard to find. If, as is freely stated, the nuisance is caused by drainage fromthe Globe Hotel premises, then the cure is obvious. The Council should at once take steps to prevent any further discharge from the premises in question into the water-channel, and cause the landlord to construct a proper cesspit, to be regularly emptied before the contents become offensive. If this or some other effectual check be not applied, sooner or later the town will be visited by an epidemic, and the Municipal Council will be directly responsible for the consequences. ALBUBV BOROUGH COUNCIL.—The ordinary meeting ot this body which should have been held on Wednesday lapsed for want of a quorum. THE DISTRICT CORONER.—Mr. Geo. Maunsell was sworn in on Monday last as District Coroner, before Mr. P. Fallon, J.P., under a writ of dedimus potestatcm. WESLEYAN.—We have been requested to state that the "Rev. J. May will preach at the W»sleyan Church, Wodonga, to-morrow morning, and at Albury in the evening. BEECHWORTH HOSPITAL.—Dr. W. A. Dobbyn has been elected resident surgeon of the Ovens District Hospital in the place of the late Dr. Mousse. There were nine applicants for the position. NAILCAN BEEFS.—Owing to something having gone wrong with the crushing-mill engine, the parcel ot quartz from the Albury Goldmining Company's claim will not be completed until the middle of next week. PAYMENT OF INTEREST. — Conditional purchasers may be reminded that the interest on unaid balances of selections mu6t be paid to the Eind agent before 31st March. In default of payment the land will be liable to forfeiture. LOWESDALE RACES.—A public meeting was held at the Burraja Hotel on Saturday night last, with a view to arrange for the Lowesdale annual racemeeting. A committee was formed, officers appointed, and the date of the races fixed for Monday, 18th April. CRICKET : ALBURY v. YACKANDANDAH.—At a recent meeting of the Yackandandah Cricket Club it was decided to arrange for a match with Albuty at an early date. The Yackandandah team is said to be in particularly good form this season. ROMAN CATHOLIC.—According to the local papers, the Rev. Father Crane conducted aretreat last week fqr the Catholics of Burrowa. The confessionals were attended by the Very Rev. John Dunne, V.G., and Fathers Long and Fallon. THE CONFERENCE DELEGATES.—Mr. Berry and the other delegates at the Intercolonial Conference arrived in Albury by special train yesterday morning, and after a brief halt at the Globe started for Wodonga, where a special train was in waiting to convey the party to Melbourne. BUSH-FIRE AT WODONGA WEST.—A fire broke out at Wodonga West on Saturday afternoon, but owing to the promptitude with which the herdsman of the common and a number of the neighbors came to the rescue, it was extinguished before much harm was done. On Sunday it again broke out, but was once more stopped. To ADVERTISERS —AS the opening of the railway to Albury will render it necessary to go to press with the paper much earlier than heretofore, we take the opportunity of informing our advertising constituents that after next week all advertisements must be delivered at this office by 6 p.m. on Thursdays, THE CENSUS.—In connection with the approaching census, which will be taken simultaneously in Great Britain and the British Colonies, it may be mentioned that the papers will be left with householders on the night of Saturday, the 2nd April, and collected on Monday, the 4th April. THE JINDERA MURDER—We understand that the prisoner Burt, alias Wilkinson, committed for trial for the late murder at Jindera, has been removed from Wagga Wagga to Goulburn for safe keeping, as he already on one occasion succeeded in effecting his escape from the Wagga GaoL ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.—TWO young men were brought up at the police court on Monday, chpged with stealing a watch from the person of William Gordon, a shoemaker residing at Gerogery. The evidence being sufficient to establish a prima facie case, the two prisoners were committed for trial at the ensuing Court of Quarter Sessions. OLIVE-STREET.—For dust, ruts, and general roughness, Olive-street may lairly he cited as the worst thoroughfare in the town. With a view to improve the condition of affairs before the opening of the railway, and so to present a somewhat more respectable appearance to our numerous visitors, we would suggest that the gravel ready for spreading be forthwith spread. OPERA COMPANY.—An advertisment elsewhere announces that the Royal English and Comic Opera Company will open for a short season at the Exchange Theatre on Wednesday next, when the popular opera of Maritana will be given. On Thursday evening the Grand Duchess of Gorolstein will be performed. The tariff of admission has been fixed, we notice, considerably below the usual scale. DEATH OF MRS. PANKHURST.—From the announcement in our advertising columns last week it will have been observed that Mrs. Eliza Pankhurst, of Mullengandna, died at her residence on the 2lst inst. Mrs. Pankhurst was a very old and highly-respected resident of the Albury district, and the funeral, wbich took place at the Albury cemetery on Sunday last, was attended by a large gathering of friends and neighbors. THE MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.—The committee of the Mechanics' Institute are evidently determined to spare no pains in order to increase the attractiveness of the reading-room. A large addition has recently been made to the library in the shape of a number of well-selected workB of fiction, including several of the latest works of standard authors. The enterprise of the committee deserves greater support at the hands of the public than has hitherto been accorded. HOSPITAL CONCERT.—A public meeting was held at Leneva on Monday, the 24th inst., for the purpose of getting up a concert and ball for the Ovens District Hospital. The meeting was very well attended, and every one present entered heartily into the movement. A committee was appointed, consisting of Messrs. Ferguson, LL.B., G. S. Manns, H. Huon, Evan Williams, M. Parnaby, J. Boyes, and W. Street. Mr. W. Street was also elected hon. sec. THE RAILWAY TURNTABLE.—The new American turntable recently fitted up at the terminus by Messrs. Frew and Hartley was tested on Thursday last, by Messrs. Corn well aud Co.'s heavy engine and tender being placed upon it. The load, weighing 75 tons, was turned with ease by one man, a fact which affords evidence alike of the excellence of the machine, and of the careful manner in which it had been put together by the contractors. ACCIDENTS.—The following accident cases have been received at the Albury Hospital since the date of our last issue :—Thos. Harris, an agricultural laborer working on the Upper Murray, suffering from serious injury in the abdomen, caused by a severe blow from the handle of a hayfork; William Arden, a stranger in the town, who had been found by the police in the streets, suffering from an attack of rheumatic fever ; William Kelly, injured by a kick from a horse ; Ann Hunt, suffering from severe bruises and contusions, alleged to have been caused bv illtreatment from her husband. ACCIDENT AT GEROGERY.—Mr. Joseph Lasham, agent for Messrs. Cobb and Co. at Gerogery, met with a rather serious accident on Saturday last. It appears that on Saturday night he had occasion to go into the stables in order to awaken one of the grooms. For this purpose he attempted to climb up into the loft, by the rails between two of the stalls. His foot, however, slipped, and be fell into one of the stalls, and was severely kicked by the horse in the head. The patient was for many hours quite insensible, but he recovered sufficiently on Sunday to be removed to his own house at Wagga Wagga. ALBURY PUBLIC SCHOOL.—The Education Department, we understand, purposes erecting a separate building for a girls' school. The precise arrangements are not yet made public, but it is probable that the portion of the present structure now used as the teacher's residence will be pulled down to make room for anothet wing corresponding with that at the north end of the building. The adoption of this plan would preserve the symmetry of the edifice as a whole, and leave the allotment of land recently purchased by the department, fronting Smollett- street, available as a playground for the girls. ROMAN CATHOLIC ART-UNION.—The drawing of prizes in connection with the Roman Catholic Church aud Convent took place on Wednesday evening, at the Mechanics' Institute. Mr. P. Fallon and Mr. L. Solomon commenced the drawing, assisted by Messrs. Gray and Mullarky. After some hours' work these gentlemen were relieved by others. The large hall of the institute was filled with ticketholders anxious to know the results, and their patience was tolerably well tried, as the drawing was not completed until a late hour. The winning numbers are advertised in another column. GREAT SOUTHERN RAILWAY.—With the opening of the railway line to Albury the arrival of the Sydney mail will be some two-and-a-half hours earlier than heretofore. The following is the time-table for the arrival and departure of trains :—Leave Syduey daily, except Sunday, at 7.30 p.m., arriving in Albury daily, except Monday, at 11.30 a.m.; leave Albury daily, except Saturday, at 3.30 p.m., arriving at Sydney daily, except Sunday, at 7.30 a.m. On Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays trains will leave Sydney at 8.20 a.m., reaching Albury at 1.5 a.m. on the following days. From Albury, also, trains will be despatched on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays at (5 a.m., reaching Sydney at 10.20 p.m. the same day. STUD MEMO.—Mr. John Pierce, of Greg Greg, has bought the thoroughbred colt Sydney, and we believe intends using him next season for stud purposes. If such is the case, Mr. Pierce will have added another to the many good horses that have been from time to time standing in the Murray district, as Sydney is bv Panic from Myth, by Kelpie ; her dam, Miss Louey, by Cossack ; granddam, Hipped Bessy, by St. John. Panic was by alarm (son of Venison) out of Queen of Beauty, by Melbourne. Sydney is own brother to those good performeis—Melbourne, Kamarooka, and Adelaide. This is surely a pedigree that cannot but satisfy the most fastidious judge of equine blue blood, and we wish Mr. Pierce all luck with his colt. THE SEASON.—Whether it be from the longcontinued dry weather or the unusual heat prevailing for the past few months, it is difficult to say, but there is no doubt that the gardens about the town present a more parched-up and desolate appearance thau they have done at this season for many years. The fruit trees have suffered to a large extent. Apricots have been hardly worth gathering, so small and wizened was the fruit. Cherries, also, have been scanty and small. Plums have ripened before attaining their full size, and the crop of apples and pears bids fair to be under the average, both in respect of quantity and quality. Orange trees present a wretched apearauce, the leaves being shrivelled up by the E cat and drought, even where the ground has been well mulched. A POST-CARD ASTRAY.—In spite of the general trustworthiness of the postal system now in force over all the civilised world, we do occasionally bear of a letter mysteriously disappearing in transit, and under circumstanccs which leave no clue to the cause of disappearance. As an example of one way in which letters sometimes go astray, we append the following from a correspondent :—" Messrs. T. Edmondson and Co, of Wagga Wagga, received circular from England, into the folds of which a post-card had by some means slipped—most probably in passing through the post. It had been sent by one Londoner to another, to notify a meeting next day at Hampetead. No great powers of imagination will be required to perceive how a simple matter like this might cause a great deal of bitterness." ALBURY HOSPITAL.—A committee meeting was held on Thursday to deal with tenders for the annual supplies for the institution ; present- Mr. G. C. Thorold, vice-president (in the chair), and Messrs. Heath, Hunter, Fallon, Mullarkv. and Nagle. The following were the successful tenderers :—Meat, John McDonald; funerals, F. A. Selle ; milk, P. Montague ; firewood, J. Connors ; groceries and bread, A. E. Heath; wines and spirits, Downie Bro3. Before opening the tenders for groceries, &c.;, Mr. Heath retired from the meeting, stating that he had placed his resignation in the hands of the chairman, and if he should be the successful tenderer the committee could take the same into consideration. On its being placed before the committee they did not consider it necessary that Mr. Heath should resign, and therefore it was not accepted. ALBURY SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At the sitting of the Small Debts Court on Tuesday last, the following cases were dealt with :—Angus Bell v. Bye.—Plaintiff in this case sought to recover £4, his cbarge for permitting the defendant to enter upon his land when serving customers at the Gerogery gravel-pits. Mr. Fleming for the defence. Plaintiff deposed that defendant had paid him for some time and then refused. On the applicatiou of the plaintiff the case was adjourned. Martin v. Gutman ; claim for .£4, balance of money lent; verdict for plaintiff. P. Kelly v. F. Matthews ; claim for £6 3s. 8d. for goods sold and delivered; verdict for plaintiff. Reinhardt v. Cass; claim for £9 12s. 8d., goods sold and delivered. Defendant admitted the debt, but pleaded a set- off to the extent ot £7 18s. The Bench found for the plaintiff £1 13s., in addition to £1 14s. 8d. paid into Court, with 12s. 6d. costs. THE MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS.—Tuesday last was the daj' of nomination for the municipal elections, and at noon on that day, accordingly, Alderman Lamport the Returning-Officer, opened the nomination-papers, when it was found that candidates had been nominated as follows :—CJeorge H. Billson, nominated by J. Johnson and Conrad ten Brink; George Cattlin, by George Adams and A. E. Heath ; Samuel Mudge, by A. Aeschimann and J. J. Jones; A. W. Wallder, by J. Cattlin and J. Blackie ; Thomas Affleck, by W. Frew and W. Davidson ; George C. Thorold, by E. Walsh and J. J. Jones. Mr. Billson was nominated a second time by Messrs. Aflleck and W. Frew, and Mr. Thorold also by Messrs. C. Smith and J. H. Mathews. The nomination of auditors resulted as follows:—J. J. Jones, by E. Walsh and I'. Cronin ; J. Mackenzie, by J. Henderson and J. Downie ; A. E. Heath, by M. Justice and J. C. Gray. The formal declaration of the nominations will take place on Tuesday next. MUMBLING IN THE WITNESS-BOX.—With the new fittings aud decorations the court-house now presents a very respectable appearance, but the old disadvantage of decidedly poor acoustic properties still remains painfully perceptible. And to make matters worse, witnesses will persist in addressing their evidence in a confidential manner, sotto voce, to the clerk of the court, as if no other Eear erson what in the was building going on. had a At right sittings or desire of the to superior courts this is generally rectified by the barristers in attendance, who insist upon the witnesses speaking out in order that the jury may be able to catch the words. At the police court, however, the mumbling system is adhered to without check, and the consequence is that even the reporters, who are placed close to the box, cannot hear more than half of what is said, whilst in the body of the court no person can possibly gather much idea of the case proceeding unless he be gifted with the supernatural power of the fairy Fine Ears, who an old story tells us used to hear the grass grow in the fields. As the Albury public in a general way are not so gifted, we would suggest that the witnesses in police court cases be enjoined to give over mumbling and speak out clearly. THE RAILWAY DEMONSTRATION.—All arrangements are now complete for the demonstration on Thursday next. The various sub-committees have been working energetically during the week in providing for all requirements of visitors at the banquet and ball, aud unless we are much mistaken the general verdict will be that the whole affair has been carried out in the most satisfactory manner. The day's programme will be found in our advertising columns. COROWA PROGRESS COMMITTEE.—A very wellattended public meeting was held in the School of Arts, Corowa, on Friday, 21st inst., for the purpose of forming a Progress Committee for the district of Corowa; Mr. F. C. Piggin in the chair. The following gentlemen were elected to form the committee, with power to add to their number :— Messrs. Beeby, H. Moras, J. W. Weir, T. Bray, H. Levin, J. R. Hudson, and T. Stead. WODONGA POLICE COURT.—At this court, on the 2l-t inst, a man named William Nolan was brought up, charged with using obscene language at the Junction HoteL The offence having been clearly proved by the landlady, the prisoner was fined 20s. or seven days* imprisonment. On a further charge of vagrancy the same prisoner was sentenced to 14 days' imprisonment. THE LATE BUSH FRAK AT MULLENGANDRA. —Our Mullengandra correspondent writes :—" A most destructive fire occurred here cn the 20th inst., in Mr. Mitchell's paddock. It swept across the school-ground, and the Church of England and Mr. Harvey's property narrowly escaped being burned also. Messrs. Mitchell and Harvey lose a lot of fencing, as do also the church trustees. Only a small portion of the school lence was destroyed. JINDERA.—Our correspondent writes :—The harvest is now mainly over in this portion of the district. On the whole the crop is light. Mr. Westendorff obtained from one 227-acre paddock a yield of 27 bushels to the acre, but the rest will not average more than 7 or 8. I may mention that one of Sloman's winnowing machines turned out bags per day. A BIG SHEEP.—The Albury Banner (says the Bcga ffo2cttc)brags about a sheep killed over there that" turned the scale, when dressed, at 1401b." That is nothing. A local butcher, Mr. P. M'Namara, had one at Christmas time that weighed 1031b. MB. T. W. COOPER.—The following particulars with regard to a gentleman well known in the Ovens District, as having some vears ago held the position of District Surveyor at Beechworth, are supplied by the Gippsland, Mcrcury :— Mr. T. W. Cooper, formerly District Surveyor here, has, his many friends in Sale and elsewhere will be glad to know, been appointed steward to the estate of the late Captain Hepburn, at Smeaton, to which place he proceeds on Monday next. Mr. Cooper lias, consequently, relinquished his business as commission agent &c.;, in Melbourne lately established, and his advertisement has been withdrawn from our columns. We are glad to understand that Mr. Cooper's new position is one much better, in a pecuniary sense, than that which he held in the Government service, and we congratulate the trustees of the estate in securin" the services of so competent and thoroughly con° scientiou3 a servant to look after its interests. MESSRS. W. C. STEEL AND CO.'S FAT STOCK SALE.—We again call the attention of butchers and others to the fact that in future Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. hold their stock sales on Wednesday instead of Saturday. The first sale under the new arrangement will take place on Wednesday next, the 2nd February. THE LATEST NOVELTY IN INK.—The latest specimen of what are called "American Novelties" that has come under our notice is a new form of 1 portable ink, or rather of the material for making ink. The article sold consists of a small oblon" piece of paper about the size qf an ordinary envelope. When ink is required a portion of the paper is torn off, put in a glass or inkstand, and then covered with a small quantity of water. The result is an equal quantity of excellent writing fluid, made instantaneously. The paper is sold in envelopes containing about half-a-dozen sheets, and the price is one shilling. STOCK REPORT.—Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. report:—Wc held our imial fortnightly sale of fat stock on Saturday last, when there were about 50 head yarded, mostly inferior, prime fetchin" up to £4 5s. Wc offered drafts for Messrs. Mcintosh, Corrigan, Smith, Everitt, and Mrs. Mullins, and had to pass some pens in, as they were not good enougli lor the trade, being simply good stores. We beg to remind our constituents that our sale of f at stock will be Wednesdays instead of Saturdays as heretofore, commencing on Wednesday, the 2nd proximo, and fortnightly from that date. We held a sale of store cows and bullocks (about 100 head) in our Riverine Yards last Wednesday, being the entire breeding herd of Mr. Thomas Hall, Moorwatha, and realised prices far above our expectations. We sold by auction, on Monday, 24th inst., Mr. Nelson's valuable house property, and realised highly satisfactory prices—" Cove-villa," on Sydney-road, fetched £630. and was bought bv Mr." Lane, from Jerilderie. The house in David-street occupied by Mr. Moffitt, and three small cottages at back facing Macauley-street, were sold in one lot, and were purchased by Mr. J. Iliffe for £1000. The house occupied by Mr. Rose was passed in at £450. On Wednesday, 26th inst, we sold the furniture, horses, cattle, &c.;, at Cove-villa for Mr. Nelson, and disposed of everything at satisfactory prices. We will hold a sale of very valuable pot plants, the property of Mr. Gray, Bank of Victoria, Wodonga, who is leaving the district, at our auction-room, Dean-street, instead of Globe Hotel as advertised. Plants can be inspected from 9 o'clock in morning ; Mr. Mudge will sell furni- ture at his mart to-day. NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.—The following is a summary of the principal advertisements that appear for the first time in the present issue, omitting only those specially referred to elsewhere and those which are not of sufficient importance to require particular mention :—Fencers wanted at Woomargatua ; tenders wanted for brickmaking at Benambra; filly lost from Mnhvala ; Messrs. F. and A. Piggin will sell furniture at Carnsdale on 1st February ; Crown land sale at Albury on 2nd March ; Mr. H. Britten will not be responsible for debts incurred without his written authority; trespassers on the land of Mr. R. Rand and Messrs. Chant are warned ; 4000 acres to let at Manus; tenders wanted for clearing all claims due by and to Mr. E. Bond must b' settled; Messrs. J. H. Gray and Co. hold their fat stock sale on Wednesday ; clearing-out sale at Moorwatha on Monday, 7th Februarv ; Germanton races on 7th April; Mr. J. Druminond thanks those who helped to put out the bush-fire at Mullengandra ; large hall erected at Urana Hotel; requisition to Mr. George Cattlin to stand for the Council ; tenders for tank cxcavation wanted; Beulah House Academy re-opens on 10th February ; Messrs. W. C. Steel and Co. sell pot plants this day ; the tame firm will offer Mr. Rose's furniture on Wednesday, 9th February, and they will sell Mrs. Likely's furniture on Saturday next; dress boots in great variety at Finney's ; leeches wanted ; sale of harness postponed until lurther notice. 