THE SQUATTER AMONGST THE HEATHEN. (From the Wortd.y Hughenden has at last foutid an occupant in Sir Samuel Wilson, the Australian millionaire, who has leased the mansion until Lord Beaconsfield's heir comes of age.- In old times Mr. Disraeli loved to sneer at successful colonists, who. after ' fleecing- a thousand flocks,' sought seats in the house. It is hardly likely, as the Lord of Hughenden cast side long glances at Messrs. Lowe uud Childers that he ever dreamt of a sheep king yawning in the rooms where he had entertained Royalty and hoodwinked squires. However, as report has it that the quon dam owner of Ercildouue has paid handsomely for the honour of datiDg his letters from the Mecca of Toryism, there is no likelihood that Sir Samuel will be disturbed by the irate wrath of his prede cessor. Indeed, so uncompromising a 'Constitu tionalist" as the Legislative Councillor for the western district of "Victoria may be inclined to con tinue the traditions of the place by battling for the lauded interest in London, instead of in Mel bourne. Still a middle aged man — twenty years younger tlian the Prime Minister— Sir Samuel Wil son has run a wondrously successful career. He is an Irishman, who, thirty years of age, landed in Melbourne with no better equipment for the battle of life than a slender knowledge of mathe matics and a four year's apprenticeship to the flax- spinning business. As neither accomplishment was in demand in Australia, the raw gossoon from Ballycloughan took to gold-digging. Nuggets' fell to his rocker, aud with tlie dust he bought sheep ; and no sooner did he buy sheep than the rain fell, and the grain grew, and wool and mutton ran up and kept up, until Joseph brought out his two elder brothers. Investing in real estate in Victoria, and 'run' interests in Queensland and New South Wales, everything he touched turned to money, until, having a fancy to play the ' pious founder, ' he could afford to toss thirty thousand pounds to Melbourne University, without seriously disturbing his balance at his banker's. A rich man, be is able to amuse himself with hobbies. Indeed, to one, of these he owes his knighthood ; for had not " Sir Sam" taken a fancy to naturalise the Salmon in Australian rivers, and write a book about his wondrous fish ponds at Ercildouue, the chances are that to-day he would have been aB far from the Athenaum Club as the Campbells, M'Leans, Tysons, and other pnstoral sovereigns, whose fleecy subjects are counted by the half- milliori, and before whom caitiffs with wretched little flocks of fifty thousand bow humbly in Hac- quarie-street and the Riverina, A squatter was at one time understood to be a disreputable individual, who lived on the outskirts of the penal settlements of New South Wales, and was chiefly employed in stealing the cattle of more' law-abiding personages. To-day lie is - the lessee of immense tracts of Crown Land, -not immediately- required by purchasers, over which graze his . wealth in the shape of endless flocks of sheep and herils of cattle. It is the squatter's mansion which the traveller sees the moment he leaves the thinly scattered Australian towns ; and before be is long . in ' the Colonies' he learns; to regard bim as the type of the Antipodean aristocracy. In the club at Melbourne or Sydney he finds him. all powerful; and if he arrives with any kind of introduction, or, indeed; without that passport, he will at a very early date be asked to share the hospitality of these wealthy sheep-kings ; and after - staying at one house weeks or months will be passed on to another,- until, as his last host bids him-gooJ- bye ' on the 'wharf at Brisbane, he will hardly remember who first' started hiin 'on 'these three thousand'miTee of visits which he began eighteen months or two years ago at" Adelaide or Melbourne. Nor, unless he commits some grievous offence, will a nybody think it necessary to ascertain the fact. If he can play billiards, eat mutton, and drink unlimited tea, he is at home, aud will have horses to rid'e, carriages to drive in, aud kangaroo to hunt. In return , he must tolerate-much talk about the 'value of "wool, -and listen to endless discussions regarding the best way of washing sheep, or vehement tirades against the knavery of " free selectors" and the " radical mob" led by Mr. Berry, Premier and : publican. Iri many respects these . great sheep . kings are: akin to the English squires of last cen tury, For ten, fifteen or twenty miles," every man they are likely to oome across is their dependent, and they are either ' actually or virtually monarchs of'" all they survey, No one is bigger than the squatter, unless it be another squatter with greater run, a huger flock, or a ' more extensive " mob" of cattle or horses. In other respects "the Aus tralian squatter is" widely different even from tho Squire Western. He may have been a younger- son, a successful gold digger, -butcher, a shepherd, or even that shady' personage whom it is still a - Sydney euphemism to describe as " an old band." But in every case he has been the architect of his own fortune. A second' generation of wealthy squatters" is : as; yet rare, and the .chances are that the man whose' guest you are in tlie bush" is the first member of this family who was trusted with a cheque-book. " The sheep king leads, nevertheless, an anxious - life. He is almost invariably iu debt to tbe "merchant" from whom he obtains -his -supplies, and to whom his sheep are mortgaged;1 Wool may . fall from two shillings to- sixpence a pound ; there may be a dry summer, and, as a consequence of no grassy sheep may be selling at half-a crown a bead; or his. fences may be burnt by bush-fires, or walla bies and - wild horses may devour the pasture, or dingoes the sheep; -or, worst, of all, the rabbits - may, in spite of strychinine, get the upper hand. Then the squatter is ruined, and the ' swagman,' who for years has been accustomed to find big mutton and damper secure at ' the hut,' learns .that a Lew man lias come, . or that tlie old master. is simply the overseer for the bank or the money lender in Melbourne. This first generation of a squatter family is energetic ; the second list less- The girls are lively enough, and lovely too." They are as self-assertive and irreverent as any Ameri can damsel. But high intelligence either in them or their brothers is rare. The yoimg squatter is addicted to loafing and can speak about little save horse races, women, or the everlasting sheep. He is fond of taking "a spell" in town, where "my word," he astonishes tlie " jackaroos," as he con temptuously styles the young Englishmen- who arrive to gain colonial experience. He is, more over, bumptious aud boastful to an offensive de gree, and speaks of England aud Englishmen' in a- manner which would hardly be' agreeable to the' effusive souls who write bunkum about' Australian " loyalty." Still, tlie squatterocracy are forming a true country party in Australia, possessed of all the prejudices and bitterness of that cultured por tion of the community, They are building grand houses, aud a certain percentage of them swarm off every year to gai n a footing among the new men of England. Here, indeed, they snpply the place of the old N abobs, though their manners are healthier than those of the : yellow-faced people- who last century shook the pagoda tree and bought boroughs with the fruit. They are also unlike the shoddy and petroleum magnates of America. For these are usually townsmen, and though purse- proud, have rubbed too much against other classes to retain many of their worst angularities. Nor is the successful squatter akin to the successful gold- of diamond digger, since he lias made his money much more slowly than the latter, and thus become more thoroughly ingrained with the 'pe culiar surroundings, of his trade. In Australia, a cross of Michael and- George is liis grand ambi-' . tion ; at home" he strives for a seat in the House of- Commons; Ho lives in the best West End house ; and if he does not always attain the best of clubs, he amazes their habitues with the strength' of his conversatism — and language. Yet he some times wonders why he came to England; and' wearies for old times on the Hawkesbury or in- Gulgong Gulch. In Geelong, on the banks of the' Murray or' the Yarra Yarra, or in the Veranda, up- Collins-street, Sir Peter Jobson, M.L.C., was some body. In Bucks, baronets and people with twenty- thousand a year are almost as plentiful as gumtrees in Gippsland. 