LATEST TELEGBAMS. VICTORIA. [From oar own Oorretptadenfcj Melbourne, February 2. The members of the board appointed by the' Commissioner of Bail ways to enquire into lie eironmstances attending the railway oollisioa at Beanfort returned to"'town last evening. They have prepared a report, whioh was sent to the Commissioner'of Bail ways this morning. The statement of Newman, the driver of the collid". ing train, has been proved by experiment to be: incorrect in every particular, and investigation! has convinced the biard that only the greatest negligence could have caused the accident. Messrs. Kamsay, Call; and BsGrewhavO been! appointed a board to.report on the charge made! against Mr.-Whitelaw,;of'the Ballarat telegraphj oflibe, of disclosing the contents of a private! telegram to a broker on the Ballarat Stook-' Exchange. - ; i A determined attempt to mnrder a woman! named Catherine Berry.was madelaat.night in! Moore-street, Fitzroyi The neighbors were! startled by the'report bf a shot in a house, and : sereamBof murder. A constable and a migis trate entered, and found a woman lying, on the floor with a large' gunshot wound "ih her right groin. . 'She asserted " ^that she- had been shot by, a man named . George Wilson i living 7 in Collingwood. Her mother was; also in the house, but was hysterical through exoessivS drinking. A doable-barrelled, gnn was discovered in the passage, which had! been recently discharged.. The constable found: a man cowering under the fence of au adjoin ing house, who on'being questioned pretended: to be dtunkr - He was.removed to the look-up, where he gave the name of. Frederiek Morant.' The wound is considered dangerous, and a fear ; of hemorrhage . is. .entertained. .16 is oonjec-j tured 'that the crime was caused' through! jealousy.- The woman had only, lived-in the! house a week, and nojfchingiis known of her. { A bush.fire occurred yesterday; at Tooboorao,! noar Heathcote,by which a blacksmith named' George Bobinson was burnt to death on his: selection, leaving a family of Bik unprovided for. 