THL . • and year 1881 is now reached under the^cfco " au people enter apon it auspices. Th^° st genial and hopeful of where about us ^ hardly a cloud anyto excite the smallest™ ^ prospect, or W< have no disturbances,tw^^gswithout our boundaries. ti^^ within or tranquility of our condition. " ^ not even so much as the measles *epf ; demic to upset the equanimity of our minds and worry our bodies, for that epidemic is rapidly disappearing. We are, in short, at peace with everybody, and at peace with ourselves—sound in body, sound in social circumstances, """'l in all material advantages — so that f everything 1 with us, when entering upan the new year, is clothed in the brightest of colorsand aspects. Our, mremcm> is at its best, for we are told by those who know all about it, that trade during the last few weeks has been most flourishing. Our mechanical industries are forging ahead rapidly; our pastoral interests were never more satisfactory; and the most hopeful expectations prevail amongst agriculturists as to the general results of the harvest. And while all these great industrial pursuits are in this healthy state with us, mining in Victoria has entered upon a new phase, promising most excellent results to those who connect themselves with this class of investments. Thus, in all that conduces to the material welfare of a people, Victoria enters upon the new year with a light heart and a sound purse; and, therefore, to indulge in anything like the miserables, or to harbor anything like a feeling of discontent with our lot, would be to show ourselves eminently ungrateful for the blessings with which we are favored. The only speck in all that is so fair and cheering exliibits itself in connection with our political warfare: But let us hope that the new year will bring with it a solution of these differences that will do good to all and harm none; in which case the year upon which we have entered, starting with so much promise as it does, will be all that could be desired, and end under the happiest of auspices and conditions. Upon occasions of this kind it is usual to indulge in a stringof comments upon the defunct year—to point out errors which have been committed, and to dwell largely upon the successes which have been achieved. But moralising of this sort does no good, and, therefore, we shall not fall into the custom. The year has gone with all its faults, with all its shortcomings, with all its evils, and with all its good. Let it, therefore, be decently and quietly interred, for the roleoi die resurrectionist is neither useful not pleasant. -Suffice it to say that the past year proved like all other years, advantageous in some respects, and disadvantageous in others, thuB simply serving to show that in all human dungs there is plenty of much to be proud of, much to be thankful for, and still more, perhaps, to be regretted. It is the fature alone that we can make or mar, jnst as our minds direct, or as our actions . trend for the past is -gone beyond bur control; and, therefore, it is no use lingering over its triumphs or its blunders. Hie future, to us, presents itself In, fairly glowing colors; for, what with the great strides which gold mining is. Iwginhing to Uue; reduced cost of banking accommodation, •he giant-railway works which will be tedertaJeen, the wholesome which trade .displays, 'the jfif&'iS&B;&Z; it has ever been of us to utilise these ad that theyM*ill__provB blessings _ , of tJiereverse; and if we do tins Inay depend/upon!it.thatf.tbe yeir.W Sia 1 ^ - f e i S T S P ^ t ? 1 OUST irl sapply ample: cinse^to be always I^imIj and plessiligjy remember^, Weshopld aleo fpot £ail to bear in. mind dist toVa "benign. Providence we are indebted fcr all the advantages which enjoy; and- not omit giving Him the heartfelt thanks and the warm praises which are jdne. to Him for His many mercies and munificent bounties to His Victorian x creatures. f,The.-*:urae _.pf atheism, or rationalism, or any other "ism"- of an equally baneful kind, has happily not yet found a home here; so that we can pen -'.these remarks , without any <j|sk of the scoffer and fche fool; or vKfli&iit; the least danger of such aoi«sp^sioii proving useless. - It is not necessary to say any more ia regard to-the year, thse threshold 4>t which we have just passed. It opens vrell for the Victoriati people'; and it is to"teKojKsi &at; all ViclSd^ns w31 so conduct themselvc^- spiritually and materially, that the ^ year will have. a. healthy : 'atid beneficial, conclusion. Of ill the elids achievable these are the soundest to labor -for; and no community,can work ap to standards of this class, -without becoming prosperous, contented, and happy.- : We wish everybody, friends and opponents ; alike, A HAPPY NEW YEAR 1 .'. •> and trust that everything that is good, everything tliat is beneficial, everything that is virtuous, everything that is noble, and everything that is progres sive in the interests of human nature, f will characterise its existence. The new year opens with much promise in these ways; and we hope it will liavi; an equally gratifying finish. f This office will close Hub morning at ten o'clock, and re-open at the usual hour (six o'clock) to-morrow evening. 'The year is going! I*et blip go!" seemed to be the motto of the thousands of brightfaced promenadera of Start and Bridge streets last night The day had been passing fair; and New Year's Eve was indeed lovely—the sky dear, the air cool, and the streets free from the clouds of exasperating dost (which rendered Me almost unbearable on Thursday). Towards the. close of the night the weather, however, did not improve. The shops, brilliant with useful and valuable goods and gay articles for r New Year presentation purposes presented a most attractive spectacle of sparkle and Vivid coloring. Bndgestreetwasfairly flooded with a stream, of passengers which, densest in Bridge street. proper, became of smaller dimensions when spreading up the wider Sturt street, or escaping by way of the Main road and Victoria street. In the crowd of persons fctaas noticeable that there were many hundreds of cpnntry folk, and that thgre was not the Saturday night assemblage, of townspeople, and what a variety of sound there was in all that concourse that peopled Bridge street! Predominant was the joyous compliments cf the season, bat to one walking quietly down the street, under cover of that principal sound was that of quiet, yet kindly, cordial greeting, there was thi con- versation of those few to whom New -Year by painful association gave much to cause a tone of sadness in their talk. One or two (not more), cynical at their own expense, spoke of their "good resolutions" last New Year's eve had heard framed, and this one saw heaping the proverbial pSe of pavement to Hades. These few scoffed at themselves; and, if their expressions may be credited, had a good subject for scoffing at. Many there wero enviably light of heart, who recounted, in the musical vocalism of pleasure, % enioymcnt of last New Year's would pl^and opined that its successor take long to r,i l-3S kind^ Jq them. It would phases of the conversation of"tlioae actovBWt. thousands who promenaded the streets last night, v-aiting for the close of a year—to some of them a memorably successful one, to many of them an unpleasantness past, and to nearly all of them a year of iudiQerent occurrences, in which, indeed, the successive daily routine had passed almost unobserved, until the year was onded. To all the promenaders, to all our readers, Joall. and to this fair city, we wish a " Happvi New Year. In St. Tool's, aua other ur«h«y Anglican churc lies, a dirge was sung for the dead year, and as anthem for the newlyborn. Watch-night services were also held in some of the Wesleyan churches; and in many a place of public worship did the earnest voices of clergymen point to the lesson taught in the death of a year. As the hour of midnight tolled the Alfred bells rang nut a merry peal welcoming in 1881\. The peal was beard by a large crowd assembled round the City Hal], and the bells hardly gave tongue before the crowd broke into cheering so loud that it seemed to contest with the bells in hailing the Kew Year. This day (wrote Burns) time winds the exhausted chilli, To run the twelve months' length again; I see the old bald."pated fellow. With ardent eyes, complexion sallow, Adjust the unimpaired machine, To wheel the equal, dull routine. A fire occurred yesterday at Dunnstown, Warrenheip, on the farm of llr Martin Hartigan, by which a stack of oaten straw, some stables, piggeries (with eighteen young and a great deal of fencing was burnt, not the water been very near at hand, and plenty of willing hands to help, the house >uld have been burnt as well. How the fire originated is not known, but it is supposed to have been accidental. Cornelias Noonan, on remand, washronght np at the City Police Court yesterday, on a charge of having indecently assaulted a girl named Sarah Marston, aged twelve years. Mr Gaunt appealed for the defence. The case lasted six hours, and at its conclusion the accused was remanded till three o'clock on Tuesday afternoon. He was admitted to bail in one surety of £25. The court was cleared dnring the hearing of the case. A report appears elsewhere. With reference to the breaking of a rope at the New Dimock Company's mine the other day, as reported in these columns, the value of a good safety-cage was demonstrated on occasion, the cage, which was one of Wil- liams' patent, having stuck securely in the shaft. This, we understand, is the third or fourth occasion on which Mr Williams' cages have averted accidents in a similar manner, and practically proved their efficacy. Mr G. Milner Stephen attended at the artroom of the Academy of Music yesterday, and gratuitously treated nearly thirty patients. In consequence of the many poor persons who waited upon him, and the holiday season, Mr Stephen made a present of his cuxative- services to those who desired them yesterday, and during the last two days he has. been here, he has reoeived but one fee, though he has treated over forty itiects. Several cases treated yesterday id very interesting features. A Mr Eiley called upon Mr Stephen, and said "that he had come all the way from the Palmer diggings for his treatment. He said that he hail suffered for. some time from torturing painsin the back, and had dreamed, when at the Palmer, that Mr Stephen would cure him. Riley's mates clubbed together, and gave him the necessary fuuds for his transit; and landing in -Melbourne- on Thursday,. he yesterday came here to. gee Mr Stephen. That gentleman treated htm,and gave him much re- IieE, and, hearing his story, refosedany fee, thwigh Kiley ppessingly tendered <t. Another case was that of a young woman named Boulton, and she, after being deaf for eighteen years, had her hearing restored. Mr Stephen has treated over a hundred cases in this town alone, and has done ^ pOtne wonderful tilings in curing diseases. He leaves Ballarat to-night for Idelboume, and goes thence to Sydney. He-intends, we under stand-to return here at some future date. Aninstanceof howihe rejiprtarS jboxina police court may be tako for Oie^dock, was shown jresfcepday at the jCityC&mt;: A little Uyseen toelvesummerB, when ina case at indecent afesaalt, int ont the prisoner in court, k»£ed itthe tepSteKiiha,immediately fixed bn one of them as being the offiauler, Jhe real accused man being behind harattiue time.: We need "" hardly " say that thxspart of -tKnendencemas-not -rehed Wti&e; cuwnwtaaoe made the 'iwwfera <mmrf<irta»>-mntfl thtrsertar maa rtfajfied. J IJito late U«t ^ght^he'totSriei " '.god, ""Bacchus. «oc PUM1I9011&* .Conducted -their4it»&ad; — — ^ Bl^ who cany out. devotions hav towels of end) ock-up were far into the many libations Lydiard street. The Ballarat produce market annual returns for the year 1880, courteously supplied t by Mr Jabez Richards, market inspector, M appear; in a^othavco^njcn., -Thjp (^oactities ft produce passed through t)ie'm«rk& doriagJ the last year, as compared "with 1879, are as b follow:—1879^-®®^ W,T0frtons; straw, 3502 g tons; oats, 102,396" bushels; "Wheat, 79,202 bushels; barley, 27,402 bushels; potatoes, s 5969 tons. 1880—Hay, 13,712 tons; straw; e 1631 .tons;, oats, 198,765 bushels; wheat, S3,505 bnshels; barley; 70,000 Bushels; potatoes, 7492 tons. ...... " \ The Melbourne trains were again aftar time ^efcterday. .The'Slight".Express was divided at Geelong, and the first half reached (he Western station about three-quarters of an hoar after timg... , . . At the City Police Court, yesierday mording, Mary Horiisfleid was bound over in onie surety of,£20 to keep, the peace, for.twelve months towards William Atha, on a charge of abusive language. - ^ fine of Is and £3 17s costp was inflicted besides. . .. >eare, it may be said that theea!rth-%as babbles as well as the sea-i, We have beforeusVpiece of bluestone just taken but of the GeeSpng corporation quarry, at fc'depth Jof '80 fee&LOa; one side of it £here are perfectly,round about the size of grapes, and very ri that frnit in appearance. "There is v doubt that this phenomenon, which observed before mblnestone, was caused by blasts ot air intervening between the lava wheat-the latter was beiu£ -deposited bynatnral forces. A rara axiz, a tame sea-gull, was yester day presented to the mayor fay Mr Dorhy, of Sturt street," for the " collection" of animals at the Botanical Gardens. The history of the bird is somewhat singular. About eighteen months ago "it, then veiy young, joined a clutch of chickens on a gentleman s farm at Portland, and nude, itself quite at home with them. It lived at the place it had selected as its home for a year, and the entlemaji on whom it had quartered tried, mt in vain, to get it. a mate. Finally he sent it inland to tikis city, and it was, as has already been said, sent to the Gardens collection. „ , On Thursday tire visitors to the,Melbourne International Exhibition had the pleasure of "lovely" hot wind. One visitor declares that there must have been about 2000 babies on view at the Exhibition on that day. .She, moreover,solemnly' stated that there were moments, perhaps hoots, -when the whole :2000 wene dying , together. It must have been a pleasant time for the visitors generally. A party, of Ballarat gentlemen have certainly devised amost ritaonal way'of spending their fortnight's Jioliday, inasmuch as they have chartered a coasting schooner, and intend to have a - thoroughly enjoyable fishing and shooting expedition around the Victorian coast and islands in Bass' Straits. One of the recommendations to the trip is that the expense will be under £10 per head, and the vessel will be entirely under the control of the party, which includes Messrs J. Kelsall, E. J, Stricklahd^anA about four other friends. We understand that the vessel has accommodation jfor one OT two more, and there is no dodbt that the company will thoroughly enjoy this method of relaxation after the business cares of the year. In the matriculation list, Catherine Anderson, High School, Bradford, should have read, Catherine Anderson, Clarendon Ladies' College, Ballarat. We have to acknowledge the courtesy of the management of -the Warrenheip Distillery in sending us a case of its best whisky. Hie output of this company is now in great repute, and as it turns out a pure article, this is neither unwelcome nor Surprising. A number of windows were broken in the lower part of Ballarat East last night by roughs. No arrests were made. The usual watch-night service was held _[ast night in the Lydiard Street Wesle serviceTSth.the Rev. H. Bath officiating, night, a sermot^ from eleven o'clock until midciating miiiister. ' preached bytheoffi- A very pleasing musical entertainmc.,- _ f given on Friday cven'mg, the 24th December,"^™ by the scholars attending the Brown Hill State school to their parents and friends. The children had been veiy carefully trained by their teachcr, Mr Pottert and certainly Hhmj; .conductor great c^l't • V the manner in wnicn tney nwici^ the different 1 pieces. They were, howeverf rather unfGr-. tunate in the selection of the evening, the result being that the attendance was very limited. Those present, however, spent a most enjoyable evening, and it was decided to repeat the programme after the expiration of the holidays. The opportunity was embraced by the teachers anil scholars to present Mr D. Paine, who has been connected with the school as scholar and teacher for a period of fifteen or sixteen years, and who is now leaving to take charge of a school in the Western district, with a token of esteem in the shape of a handsome writing-desk. Mr Long, J. P., presided at the Town Police Court yesterday morning, and remanded John and James Morton till the 6th instant, on the charges mentioned in yesterday's issue. The Clydesdale colt Young Darwin, twelve months old, by Darwin, bred by Air John Trewin, of Newlyn, has been purchased by Mr A. M'Bae, of Western Australia, for 1<W guineas. This youngster should prove a great acquisition to the colony to which he is destined, as he is pronounced by all who have seen him to be a very fine animal. In connection with the Central Bowling Club, the following is the drawing for first ties for the prize bowls presented by Mr H. Leggo:—Logan v Taylor, Bade v Kelsall, Wilkins v Wright, Bain v Prcshaw, Tope v Leggo, Butler v Creber, Gay v Batten, Howling v M'Donald, Fincbam v Scott, Eaglestone v Rogers (G.), Curtis v Cahill, Spiers v Eyres, Brind (H.) v Gibbings, Downes v CSegg, Thompson v Little, Cooke Valentine, Brind (G. F.) v Miller, Bogers (T.) v Newall, Star (rep.) v Bath, Irving M'Elroy, Fiaser a- Brown, King Crocker, Holthouse v Slater, Claxton v Mercer, Smith v Murray, Stoddart v Fennings, Jamieson v Evening- Pout (rep.), Hoil way v Brutin, Osborne, v M'Kenzi e, Willis v Bean, Salter v Lester, M'Naught v M'Glashan, Brazenor v Summers, • Pierce v Bonney, O'Callaghan v Patterson, Pobjoy v Perry, Hudson v Shoppee, Orrock v Dunn, Wreford v Higgins, Lowther v Cave, Wilson v Ware, Coiitts v Langdon, Bobins v Atkins, Morey v Loughlin, Bailey v Coghlan, Cronk v Permewan, Cant v.Whiteside, Betallackv Hussell, Tolhurst vWynne (A), The Courier (rep.) v Goller, Cane r Waters, Boxbnrah v Hickman, Cuthbert v Brophy, Martell v Lewis, and Laurie v Spillman. The matches are to heplayed off on or before lialf%»st six p.m. on Thursday, 13th January. The handicaps can be eecn in the pavilion. The usual midnight service was held at St, Paul's Church, Ballarat East, last night, at which there was a very faircongregation. The Bev. William KildabJ, pastor of the chureh, officiated. The Northern Assurance Company's card almannn f0r 1881 ts tlie latest production of thia kind, thatwe have received. The local agent is Mr F. M. -Clajcton, of Lvdiard street. .Of theS93 pereons Benevolent Asylum last week children. Mr JfiV6n, nf Start street, h»s just issued his /annual "* Guide; book Slid souvenir^ of BaUarat, 11 which is quite equal to anything of the same kind which Mr Siven lias previously publiaied. The descriptive matte, is veij r go<id, an(i the same remark will apply to the interleaved illustrations. Wehave also received a • copy «f the KaxniiUm Svttjtalor almanac for 1881, a production which far completeness of iiiforikiktion of this sort fejigbfy c^diteble to thltbffice. . The rec^pte on the Victorian railways ftsr the week which iindea on ^e 23rd Decemho;, was £30,709 7s 1M.' The amount in -the borrespondiag, rf; '*!» £34,576 13s Finding.Jhaioojproyjsjoti has lieenmade in the Ale;Dat7^U to secure unifonnity of size, or adhesion to the standiftbafoM nnOS. gallons respectively, inhp&bj;&iiima; banxito of colonial ie, thtUo^ soaation notjyr(«WB the HmM\ ». step winch wffl<Mtoo««dlv pat a stop jbo the discr^ianoes'vHuch now exist betvreen ttpae. teantt* casks that are opto the standard hndthp casks of other lirewwa whni tall fair HfeiifflHi it The assOdj&iiXi; ^Hll t» ot •'•ceDaia. aadpnh- Msafts. Tb<j KUaqmoKe wffi be wi&?ttefull-sUed d thallgwfraMieaaB in; np-coaaby _ ISar beSmMe • ts'l*&egaii;&. ThefeSt B mili tate placfeip the middle be publishadat the^d of iie month.' ^ ' Harvesting operations (says the Bacchus arsh, Exprem) have been steadily prcgressid,nearly all growers in the Batons disttict lave ariey, which is a -better sample than any for sonje years past-v •The lamp-room at the Seymour railway was destroyed by fire on Thursday It is supposed that the fireon- >inated through an unquenched match, as the kiups had just been trimmed and lighted f«f the up-train. It was very fortunate (saje the Age) that there was no breeze at the time, as otherwise the whole station would probably have been burnt. The Kynelon Observer says :—" The rust has appeared in the wheat crops in this district. At Piper's Creek some of the ferops were looking splendid, and to see them from the road they appear all right now, but upon going through the field the corn is-seen to have been attacked by the rust. Most of the farmers are cutting the wheat fields for hay. Onefoew the; town, whose crpp is jnst cut down, was offered oidy £1 per ton for it.fHe, however, refused to let it go at that price. The rust is supposed to have made its appearance on Sunday, on which day the weather was extremely close, and a hot wind was blowing." " ' I The Herald of Thursday contained a sen sational s^tement'about a quarrel between ~erry and Mr Patterson over a special didi applied for by Mr Eichal-dson; "but we * it into our columns, because it to be too "tall" to be true. That JKe were right in this impression is shown by the w make from yesterday's Age:—" A narrative which does infinite credit to the imaginative faculties of the author appears in our evening contemporary, in which it is reported on excellent authority that a serious misunderstanding has arisen between the Minister of Lands and the Minister of Railways. We are told that Mr Richardson, being desirous of returning to his home for the Christmas holidays, went toSpencer street, and ordered a special train to Ores wick; that the traffic' officers did not feel Justified in granting the request, owing to the crowded state of the line; that. Mr JSiehardson appealed to Mr Patterson, who upheld his officers, and that thereupon Mr Richardson angrily posted off to the Chief Secretary and induced him to override the Minister of 'Hallways. With a graphic touch the story proceeds that Mr Patterson, strongly resenting this interference, had some warm words with Mr Richardson. Statements such as these scarcely need contradiction, but we are authorised to state that they are entirely untrue. Mr Richardson never-ordered any special, be never appealed to the Minister of Sail ways, and never induced the ChiefSecretary to override his colleague's decision. The only warm wordg.that passed between himself and Mr Patterson was the cordial invitation given by the latter to him to accompany him to Maffra, which other business prevented him" from' doing.'' - Mr Bit&aa-dsoa; travelled by a special team on the day in question, but it was one not ordered by himself, but arranged to suit' the convenience of a number of members of Parliament who, having attended the morning sitting of the Assembly on Friday, were anxious to reach their homes before evening. Mr Richardson was only one of many members who took advantage of it." At a large meeting (says the Age) held at Merino on Thursday night, it was decided to give a banquet to the Minister of Railways on the 14th January. On Tuesday (saystheBendigo Independent) a farmer near Ban- Creek began to burn the stubble around the edge of his selection. Unfortunately for his neighbors they had not commenced harvesting, consequently when a few sparks from the burning straw lodged in their crops a regular conflagration ensued. The crops, which were just ripe, burned furiously, and in a short time five selections were completely destroyed, as well as the farm-houses and the fences. The loss to the unfortunate selectors is very severe, for indeed they have lost everything. On Thursday (says the Man/boroa^h A deertser) anotherserious bush- fire occurred, about HoSHL mile and a half from Avoca, on the conflagrateid 3 aide of the Moonambel road. The paddock, where "ltftst appeared in Mr Morris' and burned the fen? on s a 'n e d all the herbage spread to Mr Buhlert's lajng; from thence it inth fences and grass. .Wheal, and destroyed eft, *u. -rfcrc menacing informant paddock, where a strong body of men Wfc.x> using ever}- exertion to stop its progress. The fire, assisted by the wind, was advancing alarmingly near Avoca, and was creating no little excitement in that township. At night, at about seven o'clock, dense volumes of smoke were discerned in that direction from the top of Bristol Hill. [We have since learned that the fire was put out without the township of Avoca sustaining any damage.—Ed. B.i.'.] Dnring the Christmas holidays (says the Ay) some of the greatest roughs who have been in Melbourne have been arrested for various offences. No fewer than seventy prisoners have been sent to gaol during the current week, and on Thursday in particular seven criminals of the worst class were incarcerated for terms of two years and one year's imprisonment each. The police have had a busy time, especially when the numerous cases of drunkenness and insulting behavior, which necessarily occur at this time of the year, are taken into consideration. The salt water (says the Sydney Daily Telegraph) used for watering the streets of the city has developed qualities of the most valuable character. It never absolutely dries, but cakes on the surface and prevents the dust from blowing, even when the metal is not wet. The pipes have now been extended to the southern and eastern portions of the city, and the number of carts having been increased the streets are now rendered comparatively free from dust. For a long time past the old South Head, road, from the Sacred Heart Church to the toll bar, has been comparatively a bed of sand and fine dust, and the bete no ir of pedestrians whose misfortune it was to be compelled to use that thoroughfare. Now, however, a gratifying improvement is manifested, as the water has the effect of sobdifyiiig the dust. The attendance at the Exhibition on Thursday was:—Single ticket, 5911; season ticket holders, 48; miscellaneous, 1505— total, 7464. The return for Wednesday (says the Argus) was understated by 1000 through an error in the count. The correct nttmbera are now given:—By single ticket, 6407; season ticket holders, 64; miscellaneous, 1610—total, 8081. At a representative meeting of Liberals (sayB the Age) held at the Royal MaH hotel, Laneefield, on -Thursday night—Mr Birney, J.P., president of the shire, in the chair- Mr Galbiaith expressed a partial sympathy with Sir Bryan OTxjghlen on the reform question, although he thought his .action was adveree to Liberal principles in crossing the floor. It was then moved by Mr E. M. Graham, J.P., and seconded by Mr John Oall, " That this meeting expresses its regret at the conduct of Sir Bryan in deserting the' Liberal party by taking his seat on the Opposition bench, as no matter how much he may regret the delay in bringing the reform question to the front, he might have known that he could .expect no true liberal legislation from the Conservatives; but inasmuch as the Beform Bill is shortly to be introduced, this meeting refrains from further censuring Sir Bryan's action until after the debate on that i question, but they trust that Sir Bryan will not allow any personal feeling to induce him to break failh with his Liberal supporters who woijied BO wdl for bim, without any expectation of fee or reward, but solely on their faith in bis4tttegri!yjn his proclaimed principles." The resolution was carried, and ft'was also moved 4hat the chairman rforward a copv of it to Sir JJiyan O'Loghlen, on be- UalfSiheLiberalde&reof; the laneefield ! tfvisioiMrf WestJBourim. i This Sydney T^^^.'w˚ last W«dnesd»y^»_the- waterrfemine mjteraty^ esg^MrTrevw^ Hb.Ma&utSy;^.B^me^wdnefaE by Harixws S s s y s R lioa^aUonsa day,:bufethR«xpense adding it eh Ibat. tt workoMBi^giipcbKaneUbiibe sand, from ^i& amair«trebna irf wter are obtained, a^tttt^yUSAopathatwitheioiKMiy awfijer will iast fibs water m the re- ^o^I^ImU Im exU-ted within thirty ays; sStt'whidl-Sydirey will be entirdyj dCTendent on the rtr^m which is now | ^the rate rf three and a half mil lion gaSiaaB iac three-quarters of ja ullion gallons Ms thin the consumption, ibere is jfevery reason* to hope that at the ^iori^wSl^'gi^m'to'cut the water^T from all baths, peaking ilje break up of the drought." Mr H. Hedderwick, Mr W. Biggali, and Mr B. W. Dickson have been appointed {says tlie ArffV*) by the judges to he th& board of examineria for attorneys for the ensuing year;' ' " "' ; Mr Chirnside. the well-known squatter, of W<E?ribfeee Parity hag been^ senditjg) aH fie bands employed on his up-country shfliyw to Melbourne, with their wives and famiUes, for the purpose of visiting the Exhibition. All (says the Age) are allowed ten flays in, town, and all expenses are paid. >. ; .: Concerning the 'recent murder of Lord' Mountmorres, in Ireland, the "Chiel," in ron% Fair,.has the following:—"A correspondeift writes—' Poor Lord Mountmorres wrotej only a lew days before his murder- to a creditor of his an Dublin, asking hiin to renew for the third time- a bill -for £20, adding —'for a year and a half I have received np rent. My income does not exceed £1000. I have just got decrees against my tenants— execution to he stayed until after the harvest.' He attended the ball gi veto at Cong the other evening by Lord Ardilann. Ail the guests went armed. LordArdilaun next morning found a deep grave .dug in front of bis ownhall door." On Thursday morning {says the Vdegroph) the Commissioner of Customs received an anonymous letter enclosing £3. The letter, which was in a lady's handwriting, contained the following words:—Conscience money, £3, for articled received under' h misapprehension as to the Customs laws.". The postin the envelope was Melbourne, but ~ MrCJark has not (Tie _ fair being is whose conscience has stricken here. The money, however, has been dnly paid into the consolidated revenue. It is stated (says the New Zealand Herald) that a gentleman who recently sent £60,000 to Dunedin for investment could not get it placed satisfactorily, and. that it was then sent to Victoria, and invested at 41 per cent. The New York correspondent of the Sydney Morning Herald says :—"Sara Bernhardt has arrived, and, in spite 'of : more puffing than was ever lavished before upon an artist, she is, if not exactly a failure, something, very near it. She has not yet received any social recognition, in spite of well nigh desperate efforts to secure it. Puritan traditions are still too strong to tolerate the children of a * Mademoiselle' with several children. What is of more consequence to her pom: manager, the ' boom' to see. her only lasted for one night. It has been determined to sell no seats of any kind at less than a dollar, and on the second night the two upper tiers of the theatre were ouly half full. On the third night speculators, who had bought seats tip at three dollars were eager to sell them at half-price, and the entire theatre was a third empty. The explanation of all this is, that the American people, have a serious objection to being bored by looking-on a second-rate actress pLaying Jn a foreign tongue. There are many playgoers here who remember Kacliel,' and all men over thirty remember Ristori; and to both classes the fuss made-over the * divine Sara' seems a little misplaced. There is still a bare possibility that the management may get back their money, but it is unlikely." A special correspondent of the Freeman gives the popular version of the case of Captain Boycott, and the causes of the enmity against him. He states that Captain Boycott is brave to a fault, and is also eccentric. He says his rules in his dealing with the laborers were punctilious to a harsh and Quixotic degree. The laborers state that, instead of summoning them, he used to fine them himself Id a fowl for every hen that trespassed on his grass farm; that a man was fined if he left a spade or shovel in the wrong place; fined if he left a gate open; fined if he took a short cut across a field; fined if he was two minutes behind the ring of a belt, with the result tliat a man employed at 9s a week sometimes found himself only entitled to 7s after his week's labor. His dogmatic and domineering tone with the people appears to have been another prolific cause of enmity against him. " He treated his cattle better than he did us," said one of his tenants;" he never had anything but a curse for us." A certain amount of gratuitous " duty work " was done upon his farms by the tenants for j some time after his appointment as agent for: Lord Erne, but his unpopularity led to a re- j fusal to continue.,thfJHtiLgork any longer.^ \- vfe dirfedt attention to an adt^tiseinent! in anotlier column notifying that the Friendly Societies' Dispensary, in Armstrong street, will be opeu for business on and after to-day. On Monday next will commence a week of prayer meetings, conducted by the Presbyterian, Wesleyan, Congregational, Baptist, and Methodist ministers in the various churches as advertised, These services are held in unison with the now world-wide movement kricnvn as the annual week of prayer. It is to be hoped that the members of the churches in Ballarat will *»nil]yto these umou meetings as to make them thoroughly useful and successful. An advertisement in another column announces that the Rev. Mr. Kildahl will preach a sermon of special interest to young men and young women, in St. Paul's Church, Ballarat East, to-morrow evening. The anniversary of the Bible Christian Sunday school, Cambrian Hill, will be celebrated next Sunday, when the Rev. J. G. Wright will preach in the morning, the Rev. T. J. Cory in the afternoon, and Mr Angwiu in the evening. A tea meeting will follow on Monday evening, Mr J. Renkin officiating as chairman. Miss Renkin will preside at the organ, and there will be singing by the choir •luring the evening. The members of the Loyal Pioneer Lodge No. 11, I.O.O.F., are requested to attend at the lodge-room, Granville street, on Monday next, at eight p.m., to receive the M.W. Grand Master, and to install officers, and complete amalgamation with Werribee Lodge. The annual meeting of the subscribers to the Ballarat Hospital will be held at the Mechanics' lecture-room on Thursday, the 13th instant. Nominations for the vacancies on the board of management will be received by the secretary at such times as are notified iu an advertisement which appears elsewhere. 