THE HEAT. South Australia lias about the finest and most enjoyable climate in tbc world, except during three or four months of the year, and even those months are agree able enough for most of the time; but when our brick fielders, as they are called, and our real spells of heat do come, they are some tliing to be remembered. This summer up to the beginning of the present week had been very mild. We had had warm weather, but generally only single days of excessive heat, and never more than two roasters consecutively, but at last we have experienced a four days' spell. Prom all parts of the country we receive telegrams speaking of the north wind, the thermometer ranging up to 114' in the shade, and the sufferings of man and beast, the ac counts in some cases varied by descrip tions of duststorms darkening the • atmos phere 'so as almost to turn day into night; or extensive bushfires, burning farmers out of house and home, consuming crops, pasture, and fences, and in one case destroy ing miles of telegraph. To add to the suffer ings of settlers in some of the northern and western districts dams are drying up, what have been permanent waters are fast failing, and even wells are showing signs of their supply of the pure clement greatly diminishing, or altogether disappearing. At Moonta fowls have dropped dead through the heat, and canaries have perished as if roasted in their. cages. It is to be feared that in some dis tricts larger animals, if they do not succumb to the iicat, will die from want o£ water, In, kVicli weather one naturally looks for sun strokes, ami there have been a number of cases in and about Adelaide. No less than thirteen sudden deaths have been reported to the city coroner since Tuesday. . He em ployed-a medical man to enquire into, the cir cumstances of every case, and it was found that all the deaths were either caused or ac celerated by the heat. In a country of usually moderate temperature these fatali ties are, perhaps, during bursts of scorching weather, more common than; in the tropics, where . people dress, drink,. cat, work, and live in a manner suited to the climate. Here these dreadful spells of . heat find most people unprepared and .gene rally incautious and regardless of any risks they may be running. "Fortunately such visitations do not often last long, and many persons who arc now complaining and panting with exhaustion will perhaps twelve months hence discover that our climate is growing cooler, and that we have altogether lost; the old-fashioned summers that astonished the pioneers. 