Agricultural and Pastoral Notes. Hot and dry weather may still be reported, and in many localities the stockowners are undergoing unusual severities; if a change doss not take place soon, the result both to live stock, and even families, will be serious. At Echuca, duringthe past week, the " weather has been intensely close and hot ; no appear ance of any change. Rain is much required now, and the water famine is extending, aB many of the wells in the. district are becoming quite dry." From Hay we learn: — " During the past week the weather has been very fine, bright days and cool nights, but no rain, which is very much needed, the country all round being very dry and parched, and water getting very scarce. The Murrumbidgee River has not been so low as it is at present for many years." Large bush-fires are raging in the Swan Hill district. At Sandhurst the weather is hot and murky, as if bush-fires were burning in the neighbourhood. Around Wilcannia the country appears in a fearful condition ; the coach horses can get no water for ninety miles. On the reverse side of the picture, there have been heavy floods in Queensland. Mailmen were without food for three days, and were lodged in trees daring that time. It is estimated that Victoria will have nearly 4,000,000bus. of wheat for export this year. . The yield of wheat at Maffra (GippBland) is calculated to be about 22bus. per acre. One of the finest wheat crops that can be seen anywhere has been grown (says the Camperdown Chronicle) on Mr. A. Clarke's land, about a mile on the Colac road. It is expected that the yield will be 40bns. to the acre. Mr. Freely, of Briagolong, informs the j Gippsland Times that he finished threshing j on Saturday, and that his crop of oats I realised 45bus. to the acre. From a part of I his estate (which he' has named " The I Fijis") he got 50bus. of peas to the acre. 1 His grass crop yielded 55bus. of rye-grass, and 55bus. of prairie grass per acre. Harvesting operations (says the Daylesford Advocate) have been in full swing in this district for some, little time past, and it is satisfactory to learn that a fine yield will be j the result. A good proportion of the crops have been cot for hay, which will not only be plentiful, but, what is more, it is of excel lent quality. When the grain is to be garnered, the product, on the whole, is expected to considerably exceed the quantity obtained last year, while in many instances the crops will prove excellent. Rust has, in a few cases, done a little harm, but nothing to speak of. The threshing-machine has (says tbe Creswick Advertiser) been busy around Smeaton during the past week, with favour- ) able results. From sixteen acres of Calcutta j oats, threshed on Saturday for Mr. Robert Wilson, an average of 43bus. was ob- tained. The- plentiful harvest with which Provi dence has blessed the colony generally (writes the Mansfield Guardian ) has been shared in I by our own district to a liberal extent. Nearly | every individual grain-grower speaks of the abundant harvest he has garnered, and com ing after the very indifferent crops of the pre vious year, they are all the more welcome. In many cases farmers have reaped double, and in some cases treble, the quantity of grain taken from tbe same acreage last year- The wheat is also of much better quality than last year's, being very free of smut, and conse quently the flour from the local mill will be j of first-class quality. As good prices are ruling, the farmers generally are to be con- i gratulated. 1 The Dimboola Banner says : — " At a late j meeting of the _ shire council it was decided I to bore for fresh water in the East Riding, At present there is a well between the allot- j ments 31 and 32, parish of Dimboola, which is 120ft. deep, but tbe water found there is salt. With the view of sinking deeper, it has I been resolved to procure tubing and . work the boring auger down through tbe well 1 already sunk, thereby saving a distance of j I20ft. This has beep successfully performed j in other parts of the colony, and we hope that on this occasion the borerfe will be equally successful in discovering fresh water." This has been the grandest harvest-time the farmers have enjoyed for many years past (says the Trentham correspondent of the Kyneton Observer ), both as regards the weather, which has been, and is now, excep tionally fine, and the crops of wheat, oats, and peas, which far exceed the most sanguine expectations. Even in what is considered indifferent land, as much as 60 bushels of oats, 50 bushels of peas, and 30 bushels of wheat will be about the yield per acre, whilst on superior land, such as Bullarto, on the Goliban, 90 bushels of oats, and 60 to 80 of peas will, it is confidently believed, be the yield. These are something like crops, but then the soil cannot be beaten, consequently large yields are the rule. A few hours' steady Tain would be of great service to the potatoes, many fields of which need moisture badly. Our Narioka correspondent writes &b; fol lows : — " The selectors in this district have finished harvest work, and commenced burn ing stubble. Some of them did not wait till their neighbours had finished stripping before they started burning off. Some of the whet crops here were very good — as much as five bags to the acre in some places ; the worst crop about three bushels. The average for wheat was three bags per acre, and barley four bags. On the whole, farmers are pretty well satisfied with the returns ; the advanced price in wheat more than making up for the poor crops, giving encouragement for extend ing cultivation. The water famine continues, causing a great deal of suffering to mail and beast. Cattle that were fat last Ootober are walking skeletons now. Boring for water and prospecting in other ways is the order of the day ; a few have been successful in striking water at 25ft. deep. Thirty or forty families in the parishes of Narioka and Ficola have been supplied with water from Mr. Donald M'Donald's well,, who has very generously thrown it open to the public, for which he deserves the best thanks of this community." The following telegrams were posted in the Exchange on Monday:— "Ten inches rain, Wanaaring, very heavy, Nocoleche 92 points. River navigable, certain. Willara, 2£ inches." " Orient S.S. Potosi left Adelaide 10. U0 a.m." A lengthy progress report has been received from Mr. Henry Dudley, Crown lands bailiff, in reference to rabbit extirpation in the Charlton districts, stating that the operations during the last month had been most satisfactory and encouraging, and that the number of rabbits destroyed was enor mous. The trial of Cockerell's Patent Revolving Carriage Cultivator, of which we gave notice last week, was publicly made at Rochester on the 7th inst., in the presence of a good number of farmers. The implement was worked upon new bush " Bay of Biscay " ground in the first instance, and then successively upon soft and hatd stubble, and lastly upon a cloddy fallow. It was worked easily with three horses, and prepared a seed bed 10ft. wide, suitable for the reception of any grain. The work gave general satisfaction. The implement was sold on the ground, and orders given for a few others. Regarding the future of farming in South Australia, the following remarks by a writer in the Adelaide Observer axe significant: — " Any observing person of colonial experience cannot help hut notice that a great crisis is imminent in connection with farming industry throughout the length and breadth of the land. It has long been amply proved that farmers have been and are now growing wheat at a loss. The consequence is, a very large proportion of this industrious class ara every year incurring greater liabilities, which must sooner or later end in the Insolvency Court. Thus bereft of credit and shorn of appliances for 'Continuing agricultural pur suits, the farmer is compelled to abandon the soil whereon he has sacrificed his own and his families' energies. The wheat harvest of South Australia is nearly com pleted. A great deal of the new crop has already been sold, and it is stated that provi sion has been made for shipping from 60,000 to 70,000 tons within the next two months or so. The outturn, it is feared, will be much less than was expected a few weeks back." \- We have to acknowledge the receipt of a very useful catalogue from Messrs Railton and Co., 107 Swanston street. ! he little volume contains not only a list of seeds, with their prices and time for sowing, but a very plain and well- written guide to amateur gardeners. Mr. W. J. Maidment, of Flinn's Flat, South Australia, has just killed two sheep which he bred on the farm, and which weighed 2601b. and 2501b. respectively when alive, and afrec the wool was taken off, One of these sheep is only twelve months old and the other a four- tooth. We cannot say what breed they were. The water-borer at Diggora has sunk 119ffc. for the week, and 175ft. in all. The sinking is in clay and cemented sand. The diamond drill at Maldon has sunk 41ft. 8in. for the week, and 73ft. in all. No diamonds were broken. The Richardson Consols drill is down 130ft. llin. for the week,. and 204ft. 3fn. in all, The sipklnft is iq yellow a&nd-; V-". -j stone. The Berry Consols drill is at present undergoing repairs at Ballarat. The drill No. 4, at Maryborough, has sunk 59ft. fee the week, and 202ft. in all. Operations haa been greatly retarded by various hindrances At Kilcunda, Western Port, the drill has sank 84ft. lOin. for the week, making a total of 590ft. 7in. Coal was cut, as already re ported, at the 584ft. level. The present sinking is in shale and sandstone. The price realised for the mutton taken home by the Orient Company's steamship Cuzco was 6£d. per lb., an advance on the prices realised for one or two previous ship ments. The meat not only arrived home in first-class condition, hut the sheep carcases were of heavy quality, so that the promise of the butchers at home to pay higher prices for larger sheep may be said to have been to some extent fulfilled. The Cuzco took 5,500 Merino sheep, 35 quarters beef, and 20 tons butter. The New Zealand Loan ahd MaiwmRig Agency Company, Sydney, have received a cablegram from London, dated 9th ins., on be half of the South Coast and West Camden Co operative Company, New South Wales, stating that their large shipment of batter per Cuzco has arrived in very good condition, and iff fetching ll£d. per lb. The shipment was made in the cold ohambers of the Cuzco, and the result of same appears to prove conclusively that at times when a plethora of batter occurs in this market, a safe outlet can be found in London by making use of j reezing facilities. A sale of Crown lands was held on Tuesday by Messrs. I. Buchan and Co., at the rooms, Queen street. The land catalogued comprised town lots in Richmond, Warragul, and Healesville. Some of the land in Richmond was sold at a small advance on the upset price, which was £1 10s. per foot, whilst there was no offer for several of the lots. The at Warragul, east of the railway station, was sold at the upset price, namely, £15 per lot. The upset price for the land at Bealesville was £8 per lot. One allotment fetched £12 5s., the other realising £8 10s. The total amount of the sale was £430. Messrs. Wilkinson, Graves, and .Lavender (in conjunction with Messrs. Raleigh, Aitken, and Co.) report having sold by auction, on account of Messrs. M'Gaw and Co., their Burrabogie Estate, situated on the Murrum bidgee River, near Hay, with about 227,825 acres of freehold land, together with Crown lands, and with 187,967 sheep, 129 cattle, and 122 horses, to Mr. FitzwiUiam Wentworth for the sum of £440,000. A " Pastoral Tenant" writes from Monare : — Could yon inform me if a six-wire fence No. 4 would make a suitable ram paddock, or would the rams get their horns through- and injure themselves, or would & fence eight wires No. 4 be suitable? Portions of the year they are very hard to keep in any paddock unless it is thoroughly ram-proof. Will you kindly give me your idea and advices as to the strongest fence ? A good fenee to suit requirements of sheepowners can be with seven wires, the top wire to be No. 4, the other six wires No. 8. The bottom wire should be 5in. from the ground, and the spaoes between the other wires say 6in. 5in. 5in. 6in. 8m. and 12in. between the sixth and seventh or top wires. The Spaces are given in their order from gronnd to top of fence. If the posts are placed 9ft. apart, and the wire braced in the centre, a really good fenee will be made. — Sydney Mail, Over 6in. of rain have fallen at Brewarrina (says the Wagga Wagga Express, of the 11th February), and it is still cloudy. It is antici pated from tbe rises in the waters In connec tion with the B&rwon; that it will shortly become navigable. The river has risen about 10ft. below the falls. The Sydney mail is fifty-seven hours overdue, and has not yet reached Gongolgon. Rain continues in the western and northern districts of Queens- " land. Showers also have fallen at Warwick. The weather has been showery in Brisbane. 