PeuiAed'en` Tueiasfa ed Fiadd ays. FRIDAY,: JANUARY: 27-, 1882. TERnE have been.many bush.fires in the die. triot during the present season. Some of these firesbhave been accidental, or,.in part; due to ?arelessness, whil'e evidencee of other burningse show thtis the hand:oftho incendiary had-been at work. .During the geesten portion of. last week,. the heat from the `un's rays we- , ooat intense,, and *the grass and deadwood, oice ignited, are of that combustible- nature that it would be. next to impossible to control afire when once it got under way. "On the Benallo station,,whilh adjoins the Experimental Farm, a ewagmnn, towards- the end of last week, built a fire to boil the contents of hise" billy."' After leaving the locality, he'negleeted to ex tinguish the embers, the result being that the hot winds sood carried:speres.to the grass, and were it not that the men working a threshing machine in an adjoining paddock had discovered and-extinguished these before much headway had been attained, it would have been impos. sible to save miles of country from the ravages of the flames. That swagmen; who. Inwit. tingly or carelessly negleoted: to put out the few embers of the fire kindled' by bin, may at this moment be.ignorant of the feot,• that the grass had been ignited through. the means of a dinner fire hindled by him. - Sometimes the broken portion of a bottle will eoncentrate the seun'se rays, and so set fire to the grase. Fires frequen ly occur in a mysterious manner, and very often-the careless use of matches.may no count for many of them. In the winter time when the grass is green and moist,. people are not so- particular how they handle combusti. bles, and not unfrequently'a box of matches, which the moisture .has rendered.uasuited for. use, will be thro?on on a rondeide or in the heart of a grass posdoek. Those matches will be exposedito the-inalemenoyaof the. winter, and also to the genial spriig without being produotive of .hanr but let ibo heat `of the, summer ones be felt by them and they will ignite as. readily as if:tlrown into oa,flame. Then again, the young sportsman, who invari ably makes use of a muzzle-loading gun, will earry a supply of paper instead of wads, and after everyexplosion of powder; some smoulder ing paper is left behind hidden inatho till dry grass whieb, in 'a hour or so, Will undout edly grow into 'a destruotive flame. Then re come to .the evil 'disposed, people who are 6owardly'in.their' revenges, who will go to a. seoluded spot on irun or selection, and when in fancied self incurity will do the dastardly deed, will scatter the firebrand, and bring ruin on not only their onomy, but to many others. The just puaish:ment for this class of man would be to be consumed in a conflagration of his own making. There have been suspicious bush fires lately throughout the distriot, and there can be no doubt that more than one of them can be set down to incendiarism. For instance, around Lima station fires are of very common occurrence. Summer after summer the fimos break out near the homestead and then at dig. tant points on the run. In the neighborhood of Deveniib, the firebrdie" was thrust.int the straw stackedin the farm yard, and the fa{er had to euffera loss of morethan two.thirs of hie wheat. Besidee. these "fire-buge" vhe maliciously set fire to the properties of others, we are informed that frequently old macinesn happen to be destroyed in some of these 7uas. countable bush.fires. A man ois his thr sher inesured but after a. few years of hard pork this is rendered almost useless, and the owner sees the need'of investing in a new one He may have peehliar ideas on insuranup,?.~dthe upshot willb?e'thata graind' bon-fire bec es a fitting end for the machine, and from it pyre will. spring up a' substantial machine. the: latest American. patent,.and purchased' the money of. the insuranoe 'company. S in stances have oc?uired,'had, very dishon ife n stances they are A man sets l fie to araes paddock; which mayr not- be his own,. slely havinig in view the burninig of n old butwi inesuired machin, beait athreeher or ait . I he is discovered, the well-deserved' punishment .is meted ou- . to him,.but iL/he escapes this deer teotion? he gets ..money/fiom the esuranoe company, robbing them in feet, end, besides, this fire to which he gave origin may have been the cause of ruining an honest end hard' worlk. ing neighbor; The incendiary is far; worse than the hose stetler oand? for hin.,the law should, have.'no: compassion.' r:Farmers, make little or no provision egainet the acoident of bush: fires. Theynaver. think of,making a barrier 'of ploughed frrowes td keep tii burn ing grass from the fences or from their very habitationsi If a fire is wafted in their direc tion, they trust solely to their own capacity of driving back the flames. Sometiiee? theyeisco oeed, but the rule generall is, that the fire usurps the mastery. Prevention ii at any time better than eureo,. and it is better for farmers to. have homesteads and fences kept beyond the reaeuh of the flames than, to. run the risk of losing them.- : ? 5 P Doring the week 8,463 bags of grain hare. bern shipped from the Benalla station. to Melbourne. There are 2,000 bageron the platform awaiting transit. Since the opening fa the presentseaaon.nearly 28,000 bage of grain hare been loaded for Melbourne. . The price ruling for wheat yesterday was 4s Old per bushel. Re the appointment of' the dog officer, Councillor M!Donnell has written to the Shire Secretary that when he moved the appointment'of G.'G. Cherry to that office be watanocaware that Cherrywaso dn nfcortilouted insolvent, and as such could' nob hold office under the' Council.. - Councillor .M'Dorneell. stated that Cherry became insolvent on the' 4th of 'May, 1860, and he believes thab he (Oherry)!has never;since. obtained'a certifioate of di.sarge.- Uhdd.a'e? .- eir,?aaota-o.. Uoocucier-A'DoInell think rit would be well to defer any farther' iction in the matter of Cherry'sappoint. ment until after. the next council meeting, ,he. the matter can be consideredt. ' " " The secretary of the Benalla Shire. Coneoll ase for warded an. application, to the Minister of M e and Water Supply for a loan not exceeding £10,0 0 The applicationis accompanied by.plans,"specilcatioo and estimates of drainage and water supplyfor the town of Benalia. At. the Police Court, on luaesday last, hjfore Mr George Sharpe, J.P., James Ambrose, for bheig drunk and disorderly, using ohbsene language, and re tiog the police, was fined 5e for each offence. Albert Eginburg, charged with being drunk and disorderly, was pautioned and' discharged. 'On the same 'day, riefore Mr loberteon and Dr Nichelson, Ja.P., a verdict was granted'to James Pronger against Joseph Wilke for wages, £3 ? es, with cosnt £2 4s. On Wednesday, before Mr Rober n, J.P., James Ambrose, for belng 'drunk and resiting the police, was fined So for each offence. " We regret to have to record the demise of' ?'rMont. fort, wife of Inspector Montfort. Mers Monfort died on Monday night, and-here remains were on Toeuiy taken to Melbourne for burial.. - ' . - :The members for the fire brigade have not yet been selected. The committee concluded to let thelcollectors first make a canvass of the town tosoee what en?eorage. meat might be expected from the ratepayers .Yester. day Mes?re '~'Dean and Brock canvassed thoewest-side of the town, obtaining £30, and Masers O'Ltry, Ball, Giblin and Wearer on the easts-ide succeeded in obtain.. ing £76 19o8 d, thus making a total of £160.19s Gd. This is but a partial canvass of the towno and with. donations from the shire council, insuraner?lompanies, the banks, and other ratepayers, it is anticipated that there will be sufficient funds to guarantee t?o under. taking, and form the brigade. The ratopayeia are very 'much la favor of its formation, and to.nnightthe .com. mitteo will select the active members. In the Petty Sesions 'ecase of .Ponger against Wilke,. for wages, brought up forhearing on TuedJay, Mr" Sharpe being the only magisetrate on the bench, decided to hero tLho.ault.p?tponed untiL.Pviday. ,.Tho-?t~.l . and counsel for the plaintiff were present, and a letter from the defendant stated that he was unable to attend. Another magistrate was momentarily expected, 'iid the counsel' for plaintifs asked to have the case deferred for a few.minutes, and not postponed. Air Sharpe adhered to his decision and.left the bench. He had scarcely done soa' however, - Whoei another magistrate - Mr Robertson--made, h!s appearance, but Mrl Sharpo objeited to givrethe ease a hearing, atatieg that he had already dealt'with it. A third magistrate hbad to be Ssent for, and he with Mr Robertaon took the necessary evidence, and gave a verdict for the plIintit. Now the queastion arise,,--if Ir Sharps could not hoar the case,. had he the power to postpone ill That power, if we Smi stak'enot, lids withtbe Clerk the Court and it is rather peculiar that, when a second magistrato did put in a' appearance, Mlr Sharpe should object to sit with him and dispose of the ,iatter tob.the accommodation of those interested. We are requested to notify that' thLe Emu Bridge i(Kilfecra) State.school; recently erected, will be opened on Monday, January 30, or thereabouts. Mr J. F. Kelly, of theo Melbourne.road cehool, Beechwaorth, has been transferred to the new school. 'A a citizen he is well known throughout the distriet, and as a teachber his ability and attainmoolts are said to be far above the' aoreraoge. We hear that the Golden Crown is surfacing some excellent stone, and there will be a crashing as soon as G a supply of water will be obtained. The wash dirt In al the south drive of the New Temora is looking 2well,:and d it is expected that the result of to.morrows machine 04 will hbow considerable improvement. b We have received the "Almanae of Australia and Oficial Recorder for 1882,!" published ly George Robertcon. This is the first appearance of this Aloanao, and. for neatnenss and Information it is well worth a shilling. The "Victorian Year.Book for 1880.81,"'by V Henry Heylyn Hayter, is also to hand. It contains a 8 stallttiaal summary of Victoria, Agricalturailand Ats. . tralian staistitcs. It has also statistice ofa blue book, a popoulation, interchange, finance, law, prodnotion,.table a of principal events in 1880, tariffs of the colonies and4 United Kingdom, and map of Victoria, showing populas tion of each county. There hdeasben a little, excitement ailout the Chiltern: Consuls which adjoins the celebrated Cbiltern Valley claim, on account of the report of the latter, in driving, having strucok the lead within a few feet of the Consuls boundary.. The lead is said. to be trending towards the Consuls, and is very rioh, The third grand annual exhibition of the.Wandligong and District Horticultural Society will be held in the IState.achool, Wandiligong, opening on Thursday, 9th of March, and closing on the lltln The schedule of priaes is. e~oburag4ng, being given fgr plants In; pots, cut flowers, fruit, vegetables, dairy and farm prdduce,. poultry, cottage "ardene, needle and fancy work, and under the head f. miscellaneons, honey, jellles,.saucee,. pickles, Ac. Two. of the blaek.traokers-were-sent to Jamieson on Wednesday.to make search for a prospeotor named Owen Coyle, who bas been missing since- Saturday last. Senior-constable James has organised a. search- party, and these and the trackers will be under his command during the search. Who says the realdentlsof Benalla are not i people of temperance: I aat week-the week of hot days and: hotter nights-our cordial- manufaoturer, Mr William Bide, sold to his customers in Benallafifteen hundred. dozen bottles of gingesrale, lemonade and sodas. This in by. far the largest week's sale he.has had since the opening of his establishment. The Sketcher for Saturday is one of the best illus. trated numbers yet to hand. 'The frontispiece, a sea. side aketch entitled "Waiting for Papa," is very natural,. An excellent view of wildumountain range is given over the title of "Flock of emus in a nook of the Grampians.'. There is alao a grouping of a hslf.dozen sketches of those at the quarantine ground. Some try to kill time at lawn.tennia, others watch the vessels passing to and fro, two or three console themselves with the fragrant weed, and the misery of the compulsory detention seems to cause others to yield almost to despair. There are also in this number good artistic jottings of a South Australian exploring expedition; a view of the Russian waraship e" Afrika" and of KH..S. "Nelson;" ` Praofe'ssor Cavill's ladiea' iawimming clasm at Lavender Bay, Sydney Harbor," "C oming'from the St. Kilda. baths," "The new barrister's chambers, Melbourne," "Town-bhall buildings,: Gambier Town, South Australia," "The Batman niemorial monument," and a portrait of the late HBo. Jamea Henty. The Illustraled Awnalian NuNews for the month devotes the firnt page to "The surreyora at Jack's Creek, on the Yen Yean watershed." A very pretty illuastra. I tion is a small family gathering of visitors on the cliff. S-"A hot-wind day" contrasts the comfort of theose sheltered indoors from the hot northern breath and of a those who are forced to face its violence, and is an efeeedingly good illustration. "England v. Australia" \--the soone on the Melbourne Cricket Ground gives the r pavilion erowded with spectators, the police guarding. the pitch, the players lying at ease on the ground waiting for the next man, and an accident scene. There are also groupings of the Camp Meeting at Qoeensoliffe, sketches taken on board the Russian vessels I now in Australian waters, "The edge of the Great Australian Plain," "The grain sheds at Spencer Street I railway station," and a portrait of the late Hen. E James Henty. \- We (Dfspatch) are pleased to state that Mr A. L. Ely has been appointed town clerk of the City of Prahran at a remuneration of £400 per annum. -There were over seventy applicants for the office, but Mr Ely was unani. 'mously elected on Monday last. As Mr Ely is the present town clerk of the Borough of Wangaratta, a yacancy will now occur for- that office, as he could not e possibly fill both positions at theosame time. - t The Rev. T. B. Vipout will preach in the Reebabite Hall at 7 o'clock on Sunday evening next. Mr Rule, of Oxley Platis, got a return of 780 bushels of wheat from fifteen acres. Fifty bushels to the acre is like fieding'a rich pocket on the diggings. I Mr . RBider, foreman at the Wilcannia Times ofice, bad a narrow escape from perishing by thirst the other day. He was out turkey ehooting, missed his way, was v overcome for'want of water, and lay down. Happily he was found by a carrier, who, however, had only sulcient water to moisten his month. Mr Rider was then in a very exhausted condition, and, through the parched state of his tongue, incapable of speaking. Mr Rider formerly resided in Beechworth, and was at one time proprietor of the Oens Spectator. On Monday morning (states the Riverine Herald) Mounted.conastable O'Meagher arrived in Echuca by the first train from Rochester, bringing with him a young man of most idiotic appearance. The poor fellow had been found by the constable in the street at the little village built on the border of Lake Cooper. He was in a state of utter imbecility, his clothes sand person one mass of festering filthiness, and was in snch a deplorable condition: that he waneot taken into the courthouse. 1 The man 'could not give hie name, nor tell anything about his career; with a vacant expression he replied to all queries with the monosyllable "yes." He appeared 0 Ito-be&olrering;'f?oimn ongestion of the brain, probably Scaused through the. excessive beat, and was entirely bereft of will, The evidence of Drs Newman and e Osborne showed that he was suffering from dementia, r and thogh,:now harmless might at any moment develop a dangerous phase of insanity. He was ordered to be y sent to the-Kew Lunatic Asylum.. The mail steamer Mirznpore arrived on Wednesday morning at the Heads, and Dr Bulmer telegraphed as follows:-'"J'3sct delivered mails;: will report on steamer immediately. No arrangements here for cooks, stewards or provisions. Only thirdclaass passengers belonging to the Garonne here. 8eparate lines kept for first and second class. They can be put on shore in a moment, when proevisions, stewards and cooks.are ready for them. Am I to take all Sydney passegers on shbore ?- Captain wishes oeveryone to go ashore. Sickness exists on board. Total passengers, 7;. crow, 150." The following telegram was sent in reply to the above by the Chief Secretary:--"Your telegram received. again repeat no passengers can be landed fromn Miracpore till theo healthy Garoonne passengers--whebther third class or .lteorge--haove been cleared from the atatlon. You a have fixed 20th ist as earlisot iperiod at which such. Spassengers can be released. All passaengers and crew a must therefore remai n on hoard Mlirzapore till thean; e and further, cntil quarantine elation is cleared, of all healthy Oaronne passcengers as abovec."-Age. There is a suspected cuase of smallpo on board the Garonne (says the Age), that of the boatswain, who. slept in the same room as. theobip's carpenter, who, developed the disease last' week' , The Garonne has ceased discharging cargo into, the lighter, which has been mooreda?t a safe.dlstance pursuant toborders from, the Board of Health,. The ship's carpenter is progress. iog favornbly.i .Th6 pasnger`Cole is very ill.. On Wednesaday afternoon the remains of Colonel W. A. D. Anderson, late commandant of the Victorian volunteer force, were buried with military honors in the St. Kilda cemetery. Upwards of 1,000 members of the forceefrom.all parts of the colony took part,inthe core. mony, which was of a very impoeisg'cbaractor, and was also;very largely attended by oltisen, of all classes. San Piiacisco joournals give glowing accounts of the progress.of wine growers in California:---!Three or four years ago the grape growers were heavy in debt. The prices of the lost two years for grapes have enabled them to pay it all off.. Bt. they.have.done.more than that;.they.have been able to build themselves better. houses, they have extended their vineyards and they have cash in band. .No class of menmin any part of, the world ever before .made money so fast as the ,grape. growers of California:. They have extended their vine. yards eo much that in three or four yearofrom this, in. eluding the vines that will be planted next January, they will be able to make from 80 to 40 million gallons of wine per annu. , ." 