Ml BEECHWORTH COURT OF ASSIZE. Tuesday, 2ud May. Before His Honor Mr Justice Holroyd.) Mr C. A. Smyth, instructed by Mr I Wrixon, appeared to prosecute on behalf ftftfre -Crown. The bar was renresented by Messrs F. ' Brown and D. C. McC. O'Leary. The following prisoners were arraigned, nd pleaded not guilty : — Stephen Rosengrove, arson, Wodonga. Thomas Larkin, inflicting grievous bodily harm, "Beechworth. James Babbington, bestiality with a mare, Wodonga. Stephen Rosengrove was charged with fcrson at Wodonga on the 2sth February I ast. Mr F. Brown appeared for the prisoner. The following jury were empanelled : — John Payne, Francis Hardy, John Car- mody, sen. , M. Morrissey, J . Milne, John Douglas, Wm. Dalton, Jas. Corbett, M. Maloney, Tom. Pratten (foreman), Neil Olhlom and A. W. Eustace. Alexander McGafiin deposed: Am a armer living at Wodonga. Know the shed burned down on the 25th February. It belonged to Mr Mclllree, who is New Zealand, I rented all his -property at Wodonga from him. The shed was a very arge wooden one, floored and with a zinc roof. Heard it cost over £300. There were in it . at the time it was burned lour tons of hay, empty casks, some wine, a wine-press, grape-crusher, implements, cooking utensils and double-barrelled gun. Prisoner was a servant in the employ of Mr Mclllree, and was in charge at the time I took the Bhed. Saw him about 2 o'clock on the 25th February. He was to have left before that day. I walked into the 3bed, and after he had got his things out on to Mr Berry's dray standing outside, he ordered me out, saying that he wouid cleave any mau that remained in the shed. I walked out. 'There was a stove standing outside, and I put it in. He put it out again. He locked the place, and said he would not give the key up because he had not got either a week's notice or a week's pay from Mr Mclllree. I' went to see Sergeant Harkin, and when I returned, found that my horse had been taken out of the shed and hung on to the fence. Met him at eight o'clock that night at the Carrier's Arms, about 200 yards from the shed. Was trying to send a telegram to Mr Mclllree. Prisoner called me out, and offered to give me the keys if I went with him to the shed. I refused to do so, but offered to accept the keys if they were given iu pre sence of Mr McCormack. He agreed to do so, and gave me the keys, which I handed to Mr McCormack, to be kept by him till Monday, morning. I live about two and a half miles from the shed. I went home, and did not hear of the shed having been burned down until the Sun day morning, 26th February. Everything was burnt. The shed wa3 in a cleared paddock, which had not been cultivated for fourteen years. By Mr Brown : There were several neigh bors living in the vicinity of the shed. Have heard prisoner complain of boys getting int® the vineyard, and stealing grapes. Do not know whether prisoner was smoking when we were standing out side the shed. He objected to the stove being put into the shed, as he had borrowed it, and wished to return it. It was about half-past eight o'clock when he left the Carrier's Arms. The only dis turbance between prisoner and I was that .about the stove. He had been discharged and paid off by Mr Mcllree the Wednes day previous. He pointed out the goods in the shed to me in the presence of Mr Mclllree. To the Crown- prosecutor : There was ne> fire in the stove, which was returnod to the owner, Mr Weolf, that afternoon. Prisoner was not smoking. Daniel Woolf, a carpenter at Wodonga, ; deposed ; Knew the shed which was burned down. Was there on the 21st or 22nd February, to measure the wine press, to order some timber for making a frame. The press belonged to Mr Greer, who gave me authority to do what I did. Prisoner asked when I was going to- shift the things out of the shed, as he was leaving. I said as soon as I could find time. He said Mr Mclllree had not treated him well, that he had done him out of some wages. He said that there would seon be another fire, as the shed was all insured. I said nothing to this re mark. Lent prisoner a small stove, and he returned it to me between seven and eight o'clock on the night of the fire — the Saturday night. He said there had been a little dispute between him and Alex. McGafiin over the stove. I saw the shed on fire about half-past eleven o'clock, and on my going over found that nothing could be saved. There were no bush-fires in the immediate vicinity. By Mr Brown : The ranges all round Wodonga were on fire at the time. Prisoner did not make use of angry lan guage against Mclllree. It was not dark at eight o'clock on the 25th February.' Am . quite sure prisoner said, " We'll .soon get another fire." Eustina Kolthoff deposed : iLive with my husband at Wodonga in the vicinity of Mclllree's shed. On the 25th Feb ruary prisoner borrowed a' wheelbarrow from me, to wheel a 'stove home to Air Woolf. He returned' about S o'clock, and said he would give the key of the shed to Mr McGafiin. He"said, " Believe me, before long that shed will be on fire." I was quite surprised, but made no answer. Knew him to be living in the shed. I was in bed, but could not sleep. About half- past eleven o'clock a glare of a. fire was reflected into the bedroom, and jumping up we saw the Bhed to he on fire. By Mr Brown : Have heard prisoner . complain of boys coming into the viue- yard. . ' To the Crown-prosecutor : There were no fires in the neighborhood that night, but there were some ever the river, miles away. John Kolthoff, husband of last witness, deposed: On Saturday evening, 25th February, met prisoner outside my gate. He said, Believe me, that shed will be ' burned down soon." I did not know which shed he meant. He was not sober at the time. I left him and went inside, and afterwards saw him going away. Went to bed, but could not sleep, it being too warm. Saw the shed on fire, ami went over and' remained by it. Edwin Bent, a child about eight years old, stated : Live with my father, who is an engine-driver at Wodonga. Know prisoner. Remember Saturday, the day the shed was burned down. Saw pri soner there that afternoon, and heard "foiiii S3.V lio would sot tlfe© slicd on fire. I was standing at the railway fence, which -was a distance about the leth of the court from the shed. Prisoner was not sober. He\ was talking to himself. He seemed vexed. , Did not tell anyone what prisoner said until after the fire. Was waiting up for my father that night, and when lie came home, about half- past eleven o'clock, the shed was on fire, and I told him what prisoner said. By Mr -Brown : I stole a pocket-knife from prisoner, who told my mother about it, and I got punished for it. To the Crown-prosecutor : I took the knife from prisoner's shed, but gave it back to him next day. My mother told me to give it back. Andrew McCormack deposed : Am a storekeeper in Wodonga. Saw prisoner on the 25th February at the shed with McGafiin. The latter said he had come to take possession. Prisoner said he would not give possession, as he thought he was entitled to a week's notice and a week's pay from Mr Mclllree. They had a dis pute, but I did not stay to listen to it. Saw them again at the Carrier's Arms, that evening. Prisoner gave McGafiin the key, and the latter gave it to me. Last saw prisoner on my verandah up till close to eleven o'clock. He left in the di rection of the shed. Saw no more of him that night. A man named Kelly was at the hotel about the time prisoner left. The train had been in before that time. Saw the shed on fire about half-past eleven o'clock. The shed was about 300 yards from the hotel. i, By Mr Brown : A man named Stewart had a " barney" with prisoner on the hotel verandah. Stewart and a mate left and went down the town. Prisoner fol lowed them, but came back again and had a drink with me. He had a scratch on his face. On the Sunday night previous went to the shed to ask prisoner about a mare which had broken away from my place. He was fast asleep with his head on a table, and a lamp near the calico lin ing of the wall near where he "was. Woke him up and told him he was very foolish to go to sleep over his meals, as he ran the risk of setting the shed on fire. Never heard him say that it ran greater risk of catching fire from actions of boys. Jame3 Kelly deposed : Am a shunter in the employ of the Railway Depart ment at' Wodonga. At eight minutes past eleven, saw prisoner at the Carrier's Arni3. He said that he had two miles to walk, as he was going to sleep at Berry's that night. Then left the hotel for the rail way -station, and while there saw the shed on fire. I went to the fire. There was a bush-lire on the other side of the- township, but it had no connection with the 6re at the shed. By Mr Brown : Prisoner seemed to me to be pretty well drunk. Constable McKenna, stationed at Wo donga, deposed : On the night of the 25th February w 23 in the train .to Wodonga, which arrived at the station at a quarter to eleven o'clock. Arrested the prisoner on the following Monday on warrant, at Mr Berry's, at Wodonga West; Charged him with burning Mclllree's- shed.. He said he did not db it. Asked him where he was at the time of the fire. He said he was in bed at Berry's, asleep, and that he was awakened by Berry. Berry said to me after I made the arrest, in prisoner's presence, " I have let a deal of fencing to this man, and I would sustain- a serious loss- by your arresting- him." 1 said that would be immaterial to me, as prisoner was- charged with a serious offence. On the Thursday previous prisoner com plained to- me on the railway-station platform that Air Mclllree had treated him harahly in " sacking" him without notice ; that he had; advanced money to Mr Mclll ree's- son, and Air Mclllree refused to return' it, and also to recoup him money paid to Golthoff. His manner was- very- hostile to Alclllree. By Mr Brc-wn : He said Mclllree was a | dog, and had acted as a dog towards'-him. For- the defence, William Berry deposed : Am a farmer residing.iat Wodonga West; On the night j of the- 25th February was- disturbed- by the train passing my house: - Got out of bed, hearing my dog barking, fearing .that some cattle had' broken into my vineyard. I was sleeping outside, under some fcrel- lised vines,- as- it was very- hot weather. When I got up.T saw prisoner lying orr-the ground, .apparently asleep. I touched him with my/foot, and said, " Stephen, yonder bush fire has broken out on Adams's Hill," whieh is- on a direct line front any place to the shed. He rese up on> his feet, and 1 said,. "We cannot do fir any good if we go." Have known prisoner for- the past- ten or twelve years, . and have never known anything against him. After wards found the glare was--the shed> obi fire. By . the- Crown-prosecutor : . Prisoner'® house and property was transferred to -me- i a few days ago, , to eover the- expenses- ©£ his defence, which I undertook to pay.-- | To Mr Brown e I was about the only) friend hie had in Wodonga, and I advanced! him money fc?< his defence. ToIailMr Thorold- that I>- could not afford to standi out of my money, and I entered into-suL arrangement with prisoner to convey hia property to me, . and gave him an under taking to re-ccnvey them 33 -soon atU'tiha money advanced was repaid. In addressing., the jury,. Mr Biowa . stated that the evidence against tbi : prisoner was purely circumstantial,, am 1 there was no direct evidence to cannet t him with the erime. It waaihe custom ( if boys, before robbing the vineyard, of whi-t h prisoner was the caretaker, . to atri) ;e matches on the side of the shed near s is buak,.to see whether or not he was-im ; as if he were not;.then they knew he was or the watch, but if -he were, then .they cou id carry en their depredations. Again, he might have been smoking in the shed on the day of the fire, or an ember from the stove might- have fallen oat when-. ii was being-shifted, and smouldered; There was nothing in any one of his acts to cob noct him with the fire ; and, taking ali th.6 cir cumstances of the case into aocoraa' c, he (Air Brown) did not think, the iury could find it in. their hearts to bring in & v erdict of guilty on the evidence- brought "before .them. Mr Smyth pointed out' that trie evi dence of- Berry, the witness for the de fence, could not be relied, on, as ho stated that prisoner was at hia. (Berry's) place befors- eleven o'clock ; whereas the state ment was disproved by several witnesses, who proved that Rosengrove was at the Carrier's Arms after eleven o! clock on the night of the fire. Iherefore the attempt to prove hn alibi was not. sustained. .It was quite possible that prisoner might have been at Berry's that night, as the shed was in a direct line between the Carrier's Arm3 and Berry's, and could have been fired on his way down. There was no reason to believe that the fire was accidentally caused, but the shed must have been set on fire by some person having an ill-feeling against the owner, and it was shown that prisoner had such ill-feeling against Mclllree. His Honor, in summing up, remarked that the case was one of purely circum stantial evidence. The jury had first of all to consider the movements of the prisoner on the day of the fire. At eight o'clock he jeturned a stove he'had bor rowed ; was subsequently seen by Kolt hoff and his wife; then he spent some time at the hotel, which he left after eleven o'clock, -and was seen to go in the direction of the shed, which was observed to' be in flames at half -past eleven o'clock. Berry, the witness for the prisoner, stated that he saw the latter at his place about eleven o'clock, but it was apparent 1 hat he was mistaken in the time. It had been shown that the prisoner had dis played hostility towards Alclllree, and carried his grudge so far as to refuse to give up possession of the shed to McGafiin, after he had been discharged from Mclllree's employ, and had no business in the place. The remark made by prisoner to several witnesses, to the effect that " there would 30on be another fire," was commented upon as a very curious expression. Was that because he intended that there should be another fire, or merely a warning to owners of property in the shed to remove it ? That was a question that the jury must decide. Various constructions, again, might be put upon the words " the place i3 all insured." If he had intended to set the place on fire, being sober, it was not likely that he would have made use of such expressions ; but if in a state of semi-drunkesness, he might be, as men in that condition invariably were, reckless. The learned judge cautioned the jury to attach very little weight to the evidence of the boy Bent, as it had been shown that he had stolen a pocket-knife from prisoner, for which act he had been chastised, and therefore it- was almost certain that he would bear a grudge against the man. When interrogated by the arresting con stable, prisoner did not admit his guilt, but stated that he knew nothing of the occurrence. The jury retired, and the court ad journed for an hour. On resuming, the jury returned into court with a verdict of Hot Guilty, and accused was discharged. Christopher Kibell (on bail) was charged with having committed wilful aiid corrupt perjury in the County Court at Beechworth on the 9th August, 18S1. Mr D. C. AlcCarthy O'Leary appeared for prisoner, who pleaded not guilty. The following) jury were empanelled : — Joseph Edwards, F. T. Holloway, J. Wil liamson, Jas. Yeatman, R. Ransom, George Bennett, Henry Bartels, A. H. Howard, W. J. Billson, Albert Wallace, Jas Downs, Wm. Kewson- (foreman). P. J. Dwyer, registrar of the County Court at Beechworth, produced the ori ginal plaint summons between Jonathan Thomas Bell, miller, of Everton, and Christopher Kibell and William Fisher, the younger. The case came on for hear ing on the 9th August, 1S81, and was postponed until the 10th November, when it again came on, and a verdict for £14? S's (the amount sued for), with £13 15s 6d costs, was given- By Air O'Leary :: Bell sued for £13 17s fid. The Crown-prosecutor stated that £2 9s 6d of that amount was struck off- John. James Arendel, court-keeper ana crier off the Beechworth Courts deposed that he was present in the County Court at Beechworth 011 the 9th August; 1881, when the prisoner was oBe of the defen dants- in an action Bell v Kibell and Fisher. Remembered him giving, evi dence on his "own behalf, j the oath having been- administered in the usual form; By Air O'Leary : : Recollect a contention about sheep and lambs being raised during the hearing of the case. Jonathan Thomas Bell deposed: Am a miller, at Oxley. Know defendant and his partner, William Fisher, .j.tsnr. In August, 1S8G," sued Kibell in -the County Court for £27. His friends came to me, asking me to stay the action, and- after a deal off ccn- versation.. he offered- me ewes with lambs at 7s per head. Subject to ray approval on seeing the sheep; I consented to stay proceedings. A few days- after the agree ment produced was drawn up went to Kibell'-s farm with Edward Geelan. Saw the sheep on defendant's farm. Lambing had commenced. There- were 150 sheep, there,, and after looking; through them I' valued' the ewes at 2s- 6d,. they being old merinos: Agreed to take So sheep, which would? cover the amount owing to me- (£27). William Fisher, jun., was with him and took part in the conversation. Drew up the agreement (produced)? in Kibell'& hut, in the presence of defendant, Fisher,. Geelan, a grown-up daughter of Kibell's and a little soy and read it out loud, iff- being afterwards signed by both i Kibell and Fisher. Also wrote a copy of |: it, and left it with the defendant. Kibell, : Fisher;. Geelan and I started to draft out 1 81 full-mouthed ewe3s. Afterwards we \- found that some of them, had not lambed, and Kibell suggested that they should be left until the lambing was finished, as to drive them would not be good for them. To identify them again they were marked with a. black spot on the forehead. Left : them there two or three weeks, and when ! I got them home found eighteen of< ; them wethers and dry ewes. Wrote to KibeR and Fisher, - and told them they ; would have to take them back. Sent i them back by Geelan, and Kibell fre- \- queutLy promised to pay for them, but did not do so. The amount owing was re duced, in the County Court on the 9th August, 1881, by £2 9s 6d being struck out, to £13 15s 6d. Remember Kibell having given his evidence on his own be- half, and stating, when asked if he signed any agreement at all, " No." When again asked by his attorney the question whether he had signed an agreement to deliver ewes in lamb or with lamb, he said no, he did not. Informed His Honor Judge Skinner that if the case were ad journed, I thought I could produce the agreement. The case was adjourned,, and I handed in the agreement produced, and obtained a verdict for the amount.. I laid an information against defendant for perjury. By Air O'Leary : I laid the information while,the civil action was pending. When I signed the agreement the sbeep were achi'allv delivered. On takincr dfilii-p-rv branded the whole of the sheep, and find ing that 28s further was owing, agreed to take four more, making a total of S5. The £2 9s 6d which I agreed to withdraw was the amount of costs due by me to Air ZLncke. That amount was paid by me on the morning of the court. .Edward Geelan deposed : Am a farmer, of Whorouly and a neighbor or .Mr Bell's. Recollect having gone with Air Bell to Kibell's place to draft some sheep. I was sitting beside Air Bell in Kibell's hut when he wrote the agreement. After Bell had read it both Kibell and young Fishtir .signed it. I looked over the sheep and, with Bell, Kibell and Fisher, picked out 81 of them and marked them with pitch. About a fortnight after they had been .received by Bell, the latter returned IS of them. I took them back, and on young Fisher refusing to take delivery, his father came down from the hills and took them. . Was present in the County Court on the ; 9 th August, 18S1, when Kibell was asked twice if he had signed any agreement, and he said " Ko." r By Air O'Leary : Was in Air Bell's employ in August, 1880. Young Fisher said it was a swindle, and he would not take them back. Do not remember him to have said chat he would not take the sheep hack because there was no guarantee that they should have lambs. (Mr O'Leary here put in the police court depositions, which set out that witness had stated that the latter remark had 'been made by Fisher.) H. E. Thompson, of " The Ovens and Murray Advertiser," and W. B. Porritt, of the " Ovens Register," deposed to hav ing been 'present in the County Court at Beechworth on the 9fch August, 1SS1, and having heard Kibell say that be signed no agreement to give sheep in lamb or with lambs at foot, or that he signed any agree- ment- whatever. For the defence, Air O'Leary "contended that defendant had been placed in a hard and ticklish position, as since the police court when he was committed to take his trial two allegations had been added to the infor mation, and were contained in the indict ment, Mr Bell had urged that the agree ment was that the ewes were to be in lamb, but Kibell and Fisher contended that they were to be with lamb. There was no evidence but that of Bell that Kibell had stated that he had not signed any agree ment that the ewes were to be with lamb. It would be absolute madness for a man to go into the witness-box and swear as the Crown alleged. . In leaving the case in the hands of the jury, Air O'Leary expressed his confidence that the conclusion they would come to would be to bring in a ver dict of acquittal. His Honor intimated that he would re serve his summing-up in the case until the following morning. Air O'Leary requested that prisoner's bail should be enlarged. His Honor stated that he could not grant the request, as when a prisoner had once surrendered himself he could not be allowed to go on bail. - The court then adjourned till ten o'clock the following (Wednesday) morning. 