The estate of the late Mr. Jas. Henty was sworn at,£73,947. Up to February 11 the rainfall this year was only 0'32in. against 2 62in., the average for the same period over 24 years. Joseph Day, watchman at the Taradale viaduct, was killed by a passing train on February 4. Thomas Vance Cozier was found drowned in a dam near Eltham on February 3. Another life — that of a man named Bennett — has been lost at Sydney by an accident with a tram motor. A lad named Richard Cornwall was drowned on February 9 while bathing in a dam near Maryborough. Mons. A. C. Aucher, B.A.. Paris, has delivered a lecture on 'The French Language, and How to Teach It.' Mr. Benjamin Carey, a well-known mine- owner at Charters Towers, North Queensland, shot himself dead on February 3. Mr. Franck, the proprietor of the totalisator, lectured on the working of the machine on February 7 at the Athemeum. John Nolan, a woolpresser, has been drowned while attempting to cross the Springsure Creek, Queensland. Dr. Jamieson has commenced a course of lectures to midwives, at the Melbourne Athenaem. On St. Valentine's Day about 37,000 or 38,000 letters passed through the Melbourne General Post-office. Five candidates were nominated for Boroondara for the vacancy left by the resignation of Mr. Murray Smith. Mr. George Kirk, an old and successful Victorian colonist, died at his residence, South Yarra, on February 12. Mr. Thomas Hardy is having built in Currie- street, Adelaide, the largest wine cellars in Australia. Herbert Halse, a young man who had been out shooting, lost his life by the accidental discharge of his gun at Trawalla on February 15. A married woman named Thirza Pogonowsk committed suicide at Sydney on February 10 by taking strychnine. She died before a doctor could be procured. Charles Grimley. residing at East Maitland, New South Wales, on February 16, shot a girl with whom he was keeping company, and then shot himself. The barque Romeo got on shore on February 14, near Ram Head, on the New South Wales coaat, and became a total wreck. The bronze medal of the Humane Society of England has been awarded to Patrick Connolly, at Sydney, in recognition of his services in saving life at extreme hazard. The New South Wales Government intend to rent the mansion at Pott's Point, formerly occupied by Mr. M'Quade, as a residence for Commodore Erskine. Mr. Alexander Cumming has been appointed secretary to the new board of health, Sydney. Mr. Cumming was chief clerk to the Sydney International Exhibition Commission. Michael M'Mahon, ex-mayor of Petersham, New South Wales, was convicted the other day of forgery, and was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment. Dr. Walter Adams, of Blayney, NewSouth Wales, was knocked down and killed by a train on the railway line at Newtown on February 6. A man named William Crook was committed for trial for wilful murder for stabbing and killing J. Bennett Stephens, near Cran- bourne, on February 3, in consequence of a quarrel. Mr. S. Mocatta, an old resident, died at Port Adelaide on February 7, aged 64. The deceased was widely known in com- mercial circles. Two children, aged respectively seven and nine, son and daughter of Mr. Adams, were drowned while fishing in a waterhole at Orange on February 4. Mr. A. Fletcher, who occupied the post of superintendent of the British Art Gallery at the Melbourne Exhibition, will hold a similar post at the Christchurch Exhibition, New Zealand. The Zoological and Acclimatisation Society of Victoria meditates taking steps towards the introduction of the herring into Auatralian waters, if the plan on inquiry prove feasible. A bush- fire among the Mount Lofty hills, near Adelaide, encroached on the grounds attached to the Governor's residence, Marble-hill. The Government has interfered to prevent the services held by Spiritualists in the Opera-house on Sunday evenings, on the ground that prices of admission were charged at the door. Ann Hole, a woman of 80 years, died the other day in the Melbourne Hospital from the effects of burns, accidentally caused by her dropping a lighted candle on the bed. Mr. H. G. Turner, who ia about to visit Europe, has been appointed one of the Victorian commissioners for the Bordeaux Wine Exhibition. A foreigner named Louia de la Croix lost his life on February 7 by fallinig either wilfully or accidentally, from a window in Antonio's Hotel, Flinders-street. A valedictory addreas has been presented to Archdeacon Crawford, at Castlemaine, on the occasion of hia leaving for the old country. A selector named Samuel Richard Kennedy committed suicide on February 10 by hanging himself from a tree at Wail, near Dimboola. William Gilleatt, miner, employed by the Newcastle Company at Glebo, New South Wales, was killed by a fall from a cart on February 3. A nugget weighing 110oz. was sold at the Bank of Victoria at Inglewood on February 10, having been obtained in the neigh- bourhood of Rheol. It was a wonderfully pure piece of gold.. .' Mns. Habbison, wife of a warder afc the Albury Gaol, was burned to death the other day by igniting her clothes while trying to light a fire with kerosene. This ltoyal Commission on Education opened its inquiriea on February 8 by commencing the examination of Mr. G. W. Brown, the secretary of the Education department. Mb John Owen, a very old colonist, and one of the pioneers of the tobacco-manufacturing industry in Melbourne, died at his residence, Mount Erica, on February 8. Mb. George Anthoness, wine and spirit merchant, Flindera lane, has been lined for selling a bottle of gin bearing a counter feited trade mark. t Professor Pepper entirely failed to carry out his rain-making experiments .which he undertook to make at . Brisbane on February 4. ' - J ??'? An extensive fire which on February 5 destroyed the .Lands office and other buildings at Seymour is believed to be the work of an incendiary. A young man named William Bolger, aged 25 years, shob himself in Melbourne on February 'J, owing to a disagreement with a young lady with whom he was in love. ? He died live days after. ; A sailor belonging to the barque Manhegan, named William Hewson, has been convicted of wilfully setting fire to the vessel at Newcastle; New South Wales, and was sentenced to 10 yeara' penal servitude. ; Elias Lai-cock haB taken a passage for England per the' Btearner Liguria. He intends to compete against some of the leading ncullers in England, and to assist Trickett in his match against Hanlan. Mb. Edwabd Shea, the clerk of petty sessions for Fitzroy, Cqllingwood, and Carlton, has forwarded his resignation to the Minister of Justice, after over 23 years of active service. Mr. . Shea retires at the end of the month. A fatal accident happened at the Hobson's Bay railway station, on February 9, to Mr. It. N. Wienee, of Hawthorn, who lost his footing in descending the Bteps, and fell to the bottom, fracturing his skull on the asphalt pavement. The agent-general of South Australia, Sir Frederick Leighton, Mr. T. Sydney Cooper, Mr. E. J. Poynter, and Mr. Herkomer are to be aBked to select a number of pictures for the Adelaide National Gallery. A despatch from the Secretary of State snys that it is not the intention of Her Majesty'd Government to make any further appointment to the see of Adelaide. This removes any doubt as to the right of the free election of the bishop of the diocese. Scarlet fever has lately been very prevalent at Tumberumba, in the southern district of New South Wales, amounting almost, to an epidemic. Four or five members of one family have died of the fever, but the disease has now been got under. A gbeat fire has occurred at Gisborne, New Zealand. Carr's bonded stores and a number of other buildings were destroyed. The damage done is estimated at £100,000. The buildings destroyed were insured for £22,380. Mb. Mibams, M.L.A., delivered a speech to his constituents on February 8 upon the question of leasing instead of selling the public lands, and obtained the almost unanimous vote of the meeting in his support. A carpenter named William M'Gee lost his life at Messrs. Kidman and Sons' new buildings, corner of George and Market Btreets, Sydney, by falling from one of the landings to the basement below. The steamer City of Melbourne, which left Sydney for Noumea on February 10, took back eight New Caledonian escapes, brought from Queensland, where they were captured. They were desperate characters, and evidently preferred death to returning to Noumea. A meeting was held at St. Kilda the other day to express sympathy with and confidence in the honesty of Mr. Thomas Osmond, chemist, who a few days before was arrested on the charge of stealing a purse, but was discharged. Mb. A. T. Dunning, who has long been connected with theatrical enterprise in New Zealand, has, in conjunction with Mr. John Wallace, secured the lease of the Opera-house, Melbourne, for five years, commencing September next. A MAN named William Boyne, when coming off his ^hifFln the Reform claim, Myrtleford, on February 3, missed his footing and fell 100 feet. The unfortunate man, who leaves a large family, was picked up dead. A seizure of 200 cases of contraband Chinese spirits, prin cipally brandy, was made on February 8 at the Btores of Sun Kum Fong, in Main-street, Ballarat, by Custom- house Officer Richardson. A boy, named Willie Badderley, was drowned whilst bathing in the Little Murray, near Swan-hill, on February 12. In recovering his body some human bones were found, supposed to belong to a man drowned some years ago near the same spot. Mobe wenk Bpots in the plasterincr of the Sydney Town-hall are gradually showing themselves. The other day a huge maaa of several hundredweights of piaster fell from the ceiling on the desk and chair usually occupied by the town clerk. In the course of laying a water main at Townsville, Queens land, two 18-pounder Bhot were found embedded two feet in the beach. They have become reduced to 21b. in weight, and nre Bupposed to have been fired 50 years ago. ???*??-, The Registrar-General estimates that the population of the colony on the 31st December last waa 781,205. The census taken on the 1st April last Bhowed a population of 751,408. There haa thuR heen an estimated increase in the subsequent nine months of 29,797. We understand that the managers of the Snots' Church, Collins-street, have succeeded in inducing the Rev. Charles Strong to withdraw hia resignation of that charge. In the meantime, leave of absence for aix months will betaken by Mr. Strong to visit the old country and recruit his health. At. the annual meeting of the Metropolitan Permanent Building and Investment Society, held on February 13, allnsion was made to the defalcations of the late cashier, Searcy, and the secretary (Mr. R. G. Benson) gave a personal explanation on the subject. The Chief Justice of New South Wales, during Home reraarkB in a case in the Supreme Court, condemned the practice of attorneys appointing clerks to take charge of officeR at a distance from their principals. It is said that rules will be framed prohibiting Buch a practico in the future. Wellington, Now Zealand, was visited on the 1st February by one of the most violent Bhooks of earthquake experienced for years, but eo far aa has been ascertained but little or no injury was occasioned, either to public, commercial, or private buildings. The earthquake was felt over a vast area of country. Admiral, Aslanhkgoff, of the Russian squadron, when enter tained .with, a number of hia oilicorn at Sandhurst by Mr. BurroweB, Minister of MineB, in roHponding to the toast of his health, said that for hospitality Mr. Burrowes would compare with a Russian, which was tho highest complement ho could payhim. Robert Coyle was found guilty at tho Mudgee scaaiona on February 10 of blowing up an engine, tho property of Messrs. Fishbum and Morton, railway contractors for tho Mudcjpo line, New South Wales. He was Hentenced to seven years' hard labour on the public roads of the colony. A r,AB«i5 firo has occurred at Napier, New Zealand. It waa caused by a gas explosion. Tho lire destroyed the drapery premises of tho Me.ssra. Comfolds, tho Law ofHce, Camera photographic establishment, Largo and Townley'a furniture shop, and Borne small buildings. The loss is estimated at £15,000. Mb. Fbanois Obmond, M.L.C., has sent a cheque of £50 to the Ballarat School of Mines. Ai/phonse De Neuville's picture, ' The Defence of Rorke's Drift,' which arrived by the s.a. Garonne, waB hung in the Sydney Art Gallery on February 11, and attracted a large share of attention. The trustees of the gallery have paid a very high price for the work, which they only secured after keen competition. The formal opening of the Primary School, in connexion with the Jftosebank Convent at Five Dock, Sydney, took place. on February 11. The ceremony of blessing and opening the institution waB performed by Archbishop Vaughan, who delivered an address bearing on the education question. Messenger, a well-known oarsman, arrived in Auckland, New Zealand, upwards of a month ago under the assumed name of Carter. He competed in several aquatic events under that alias, but his real name was discovered on his arrival at Wellington, and the Boating Club have refused all intercourse with him. _ -Fbom a private letter we learn that a company is being formed in London for introducing the electric light into Australia. The Duke of Manchester will be chairman of the board, and the provisional directors representing colonial interests will be Sir ? Samuel Wilson, and Mr. Gilchriat, of Sydney. The marriage of Miss L.. C. Jervois, the second daughter of Sir W. F. D. Jervois, the Governor of South Australia, to the Rev. W. A. Purey-Cust was celebrated at Adelaide on February 14. The bridegroom is a son of the Dean of York, the Very Rev. A. P. Purey-Cust. A very sad accident, by which two lives were lost, happened in Geelong Bay on February 5. A sailor named Geo. Clark, with William Langlandsand Frederick Armstead, all three being young men, went for a Bail, and during a sudden squall the boat filled and sank. Clark and Arm9tead were drowned, but Langlands was saved after being in the water half an hour. At the Wanganui rifle buttH, New Zealand, on the.lat February, Volunteer G. H. Watts, of Wunganui Rifles, whilst marking for the 400 yards range, was accidentally shot by Bandsman Metlan, of the Bame corps. Watts had removed the danger signal, when he unaccountably came to the front of the target just aa the shoo was fired. No blame is attached to Metlan. Captain Raymond, the inventor of the plan of rabbi t-destroying by means of phosphoriaed oats, has received from the Government of New South Wales an offer to take charge of the work of rabbit-destruction in the Riverina district, where the plague is rapidly spreading. Captain Raymond has accepted the ap pointment. A bepobt from the superintendent of the Aboriginal Mission Station, at Koppieramann, in the far north of South Australia, states that the conduct of the natives is improving, and that old tribal feuds are dying out. The average number on the station is S5, and the children under tuition number 27. A want of rain has, however, prevented the cultivation of the land. A luncheon was given at the Melbourne Exchange on Feb ruary 1) by the directors of the Australian Fresh Meat Company, with a view of further testing meat preserved by Mr. Alfred Lee's system. There was a large attendance, and those who taBted the meat pronounced it to be excellent, notwithstanding that it had been tinned some months ago. The Rev. Mr. Halley, who has recently returned from Europe, was on February 9 the recipient of two addresses, one from the .members of the Williamstown Congregatonal Church, the other from the Sunday scholars of the church. After returning thanks, Mr. Halley gave an interesting account of his travels since leaving Williamstown. A BUSHMAN named Peter Wilson lost his life at the Sandridge railway sheds on February 10 by getting caught between the buffers of a couple of trucks. The same day a labourer named David Anderson was killed while moving heavy Iog3 of timber at the Australian Wharf by a heavy log rolling over and crushing him. A madman, named Darque, who was recently discharged from gaol, was shot dead on February 11, at Major's Creek. New South Wales, while attempting to forcibly breakinto Mr. Vider's Btore. A severe Btruggle took place between Mr. Cobb, the manager of the store, and the lunatic, the former using his revolver aa a last resource. At a meeting of the Sydney Marine Board on February 13, Captain Curphey, master of the steamer Fiona, was Biimmoned— to bdow cause why ; his certificate should not be suspended or cancelled for causing the Iobs of his vessel. The board, after deliberation, decided to suspend Captain Curphey's certificate for three calendar months. Evidence was given showing that the men were drinking on board on the night the Bteamer stranded. In' all probability arrangements will shortly be made for the erection of extensive works for the Victorian Frozen Meat Company at Williamstown. The manager has writtento the local council asking for a site situate between the batteries and the lightship, which will be very convenient for shipping and rail transit, and at the same time out of the way of any present works. The required permission was granted. A settler named Lewis recently found in the neighbourhood of Jinnera, New South Wales, a large quantity of jewellery, consisting of watches, brooches, &c;, which he handed over to the local police. The treasure had evidently lain in the bush for many years, and it bore the appearance of having passed through the fire. The find is supposed to be the proceeds of a robbery committed by the Clark gang of bushrangers many years ago. A sad accident occurred on February 15 at Marong. During tho raceB at that place a collision took place between two horses, and Purves, one of the riders, was unseated. The rider less horse then ran against another horse, and its rider, named Joseph Eade, was sent spinning along the ground. Purves was found to have sustained fracture of the skull and concussion of the brain, and Eade died on his way to the hospital. Mr. J. F. Thublow, J.P. , under sheriff and clerk of the petty sessions at tho Central Police Court, Sydney, waa found on February 10 lying in Rand wick road, suffering from the effects of poiaon. He was immediately conveyed to the hospital, but he died on hiB way there. No reason can be assigned for the rash act, as Mr. Thurlow wag in excellent circumstances. He is sup posed to have been suffering from temporary aberration of the intellect. A most determined suicide took place on February 3 at Cobram, a few miles from the River Murray. A man who waa fishing on the river for about a week waa suddenly missed, and it waa thought that he was drowned. On aBearch being made, however, his body waB discovered hanging to a tree, life being quite extinct. The limb to which the rope was fastened was barely 5ft. from the ground, and the man, to accomplish his purpose, had to bend his knees under him, in which posture he was found. A swag man committed suicide on February 10 at the nheepwash dam on Messrs. Fanning and Nankivell's station. He hanged himself by a strip of calico, which he attached to the scaffolding of the pump. Ho is stated to have been sleeping in the vicinity during the past two or three nights, and was seen in tho town during the morning. In one of his pockets was found a piece of handbill, on the back of which waa written in lead pencil the name ' Thomas Fox.' ? A sevbue cyclono was experienced at Cardwell, North Queens land, on February 2 and 3. Shewcroft'a Hotel ami three other houseB wore blown down, and a number of others unroofed. A boutshed was blown down and tho boata broken up, and a jetty was carried away. Tho Victory waa coming aouth when sho waa caught in tho storm, and anchored u rider tho South Barnard Islands. Sho lost both her anchors, and then made for Curd well. Sho got into Hinchinbrook Channel, and was moored to tho uian'TOvea. At Dungeneaa River tho steamer Kent waa blown over'the mangroves into the scrub. It is oxpected that much damage ha8 been dono to the plantations on tho Herbert River. The Supreme Court at Sydney, on February 8, delivered judgment in a case of some public importance as limiting the liability of the Government to depositors in the Post-office Savings Bank. A depositor's book waB stolen, and the thief contrived to withdraw the whole of the money deposited. Under the circumstances the depositor Bought to recover from the Government. The Court decided that this could not be done, inaamuch aa the Government was protected from liability by a regulation made under the authority of the Savings Banks Act. A telegram from Thargomindah states that the heaviest floods for the last 10 years have occurred in that district, but are now subsiding. Reports alao come from all the surrounding districts of heavy floods. Some of the mailmen have been three days without food, and others have Bpent the night up trees. 2,000 sheep have been drowned at Cheshunt station, as well as a blackfellow, a gin, and a valuable stud horse. The weather is now fine, and reports show that the rain has generally ceased, except in the northern districts. An effort, which seems likely to be crowned with succeas, ia being made to establish in Victoria a manufactory for the production of the celebrated Swiss cheese known as Gruycre. A Swiss cheesemaker named Schnellman has for the lastlOmonths been employed by Mr. Palmer, of Tooram, near Warrnambool, in manufacturing this description of cheese. He has brought samples to Melbourne, which are reported to have; given much satisfaction to the trade. In Switzerland the Gruyere cheeBe will sell at from Sd. to lOd. per lb. wholesale. The price of the colonial article will probably be about Is. per lb. Two sad caseB of drowning occurred the other day at Coota mundra, New South Wales. The wife of Matthew Hamilton, of Illaboner, waa drowned in a dam half-a-mile from her house. Apparently she had attempted to cut her throat, and then drowned herself. On February 10 the bodies of Mrs. James Jaraieson and her youngest child, who lived within a Bhort distance of the Hamiltons, were found in a tank near their home. Mr. Jamieson, on returning from a selection at some distance, found the elder children ia bed, and upon searching, discovered the other bodies as stated. Certain allegations having been made in reference to Mr. James Munro at the recent annual meeting of the Melbourne Total Abstinence Society, a special meeting of the committee was held on February 14 at the Temperance-hall, Russell-street, to consider the charges. After patiently hearing the statements of both parties to the dispute, the committee unanimously arrived at the following decision : — ' That this committee having investi gated the charge made ut the annual meeting of the society against Mr. Munro, such charge being that Mr. Munro had made a false statement in his previous explanation to the committee, find Mr. Munro's statements to have been perfectly correct, and have much pleasure in recommending him aa a most desirable candi date for the position of president of this society.' Two young men, describing themselves aa clerke, named George Gilbert and John M'Dermott, were arrested by ConBtablea Tratt and Suthmier on February 11 on a charge of impersonating Custom-house officers. Shortly before 8 o'clock ou the evening in queation four young men, including the prisoners, went to the stores of Hing Hie and James Ah Kat, in Little Bourke-street, and, it is alleged, represented themselves as Custom-house officers, and ransacked the places in search of contraband goods. 'In. Ah Kat's store they created a great disturbance, broke open a door, and upset and examined the greater portion of the cases of goods, ostensibly in search of cigars, but being unable to dis cover any, and as the Chinese mustered in considerable numbers and Bhowed signs of opposition, the intruders lefc haBtily, and were Bhortly afterwards arrested at the Trades Hotel. Among the wills lately proved in the Supreme Court was that of the late Mr. G. V. Barry, who was at one time well known in Melbourne, where he was a priest of the Roman Catholic Church. He lefc Melbourne in the year 1872, and ceaaed to officiate as a priest. He waa married in America to a young lady who had some property in Victoria. Prior to the marriage, she had conveyed the property to a person on the understanding that he was to re-convey it to Mr. Barry. This was done. In 1873 Mr. Barry made a will in America, leaving all his property to bis wife, and in 187S he made another will to the same effect in England. Some months ago he sent to Victoria a power of attorney directing that the property in Victoria should be re Tionveyed' to ~hia~ wife7~but^ before the power of attorney waB registered, Mr. Barry died. It therefore became necessary to prove the will in order to complete the title to the propert3\ An occurrence which took place on February 4 at Lansell's No. ISO claim, Sandhurst, would have resulted in a frightful mining accident but for the combined action of the patent safety hook and safety cage. It appears that the mining manager, Mr. James Northcote, waa being hauled up, when the engine-driver over hauled and instantly had the cage and its occupant up to the poppet-heads, which are the tallest in the colony, being over lOOtt. in height. Most fortunately the cage waa fitted with a patent safety hook, and the instant the controlling thimble touched the top of the poppet-heada the hook divided, and, the cage falling, the safety catches immediately gripped the Bkids, the cage being kept suspended about 100ft. over the surface. Mr. Northcote was in a moat alarming position, almost fearing to move lest by any possibility ihe catches should loosen their grip on the skids, in which case the cage would have fallen to the bottom of the shaft, a depth of l.GOOft. The most disastrous fire which ever occurred in Echuca broke out on February 13, and raged for about an hour and a half, causing the destruction of eight buildings in Wataon-atreet. It was got under just aa the last building in the block was reached. The origin of the fire ia not definitely known, but the buildings being all of wood the ilames were driven with terrible rapidity by a atrong southerly wind. The following persons were burnt out: — Mr. James Laing, sen., whoae house and its contents were destroyed ; Constable Harris, house and its contents burnt ; Mr. Morey, house, furniture, and effects burnt ; Captain Hampson, house und furniture burnt ; Captain Law80n, residence and furniture burnt; Mrs. Gundry, house burnt and furniture damaged by removal ; unoccupied house burnt, and Mr. Rosel's Btoreroom destroyed by demolition. The houses were owned as under: — Mr. Laing and Mrs. Sinclair, two; Captain Hampaon, one ; Captain Hill, three ; and Mr. Rosel, one. The housea are all said to be insured, but few of the occupiers had insured iheir effects. Constable Harris, and Mr. Morey are left penniless. 