MYRTLEFORD. (from our own correspondent.) Monday. Owing to the non-attendance of the in- spector of mines, the adjourned magis- terial inquiry as to the cause of death of William Boyle only terminated on Thurs- day, the 16th inst. The further evidence taken on this occasion was as follows : — Richard Barton was asked the follow- ing question by the inspector of mines : " Would it be practicable to have the shaft covered over, and not interfere with the working of the claim?" and replied, At that turn the shaft must be left open. The tank was coming up the shaft at the time, full of water. Were the shaft kept covered by a trap-door, it would require constant attendance to remove it while the tank was passing, and any failure to attend would be dangerous and sure to cause damage. William Cadzow, senior, deposed : Am the responsible manager of the Reform Mining Company's claim in Myrtleford. I point out to Richard Barton what I require to be done, and look to him to carry out these instructions. I am of opinion that were trap-doors put over this shaft, there would be more danger arising from carelessness, in the attention required to remove them, than there is now with out trap-doors. Henry Davidson, mining inspector, de- posed : Am of opinion that Boyle slipped into the aperture provided in the planked covering of the shaft for the ingress and egress of the trucks traveling the inclined tramway, before he had secured a good grip of the hand rail. Had he secured such a hold, in all human probability he would have saved himself. Also, had he fallen upon the unplanked tramway, in stead of the planked one, he would in- stantly have gone between the sleepers and lodged safely upon a bench of rock from which he could not possibly have slipped ; but falling upon his back upon the smooth wet surface of the planked tramway the speed at which his body travelled increased so rapidly that he had no chance to save himself, and that by the time he reached the end of the plank- ing (about 60ft, from the bottom) the impetus was so great that his brains were dashed out against the first obstruction met with. Am of opinion that no blame is attributable to the management of the mine, and that the occurrence was purely accidental. The magistrate holding the inquiry, Mr Thomas Mathieson, found that death was caused by accidentally falling down a shaft in the Reform Mining Company's Claim, on the 3rd inst., and that no blame was attached to the manager of the said claim. With reference to the sad accident, which has left a widow and young family destitute, it is pleasant to record the kindly feeling of the brother tributers, who have determined to work the share of deceased amongst them, and to hand over such share to the widow. Such generous acts on the part of hard-working men are deserving of being chronicled, and held up both for example and approval of the toilers for existence on this earth. A subscription-list has also been opened, and a sum of over £60 has been already collected for the afflicted widow and her fatherless children. Bush-fires have been raging in the back country. They have swept over extensive districts on both sides of the dividing range betwixt the Buffalo River and Hurdle Creek. The whole of the Black Range country between Mounts Emu and Typo, a distance of some 12 miles, have for some days been the scene of extensive fires, de- stroying grass and fences. On the upper end of the Hedi or Hollow run the fires have been raging for some weeks. The result has been much destruction of grass and fencing belonging to the station- owners. and selectors. These fires have extended towards Whorouly and Myrtle- ford, and threatened the homesteads of many residents. Messrs O'Donnell, Milne and Blackburn met on the Buffalo and Hurdle Creek, and agreed to block it out. Three parties were at once organised ; Mr O'Donnell's party burning trails from the top of the dividing range to the Buffalo River, and Messrs Milne and Blackburn running others in the direction of Hurdle Creek. Mr Robert Esson, with another party, and Messrs Barker and others, ran trails from the Corner camp to meet those run by Milne and party. As another fire broke out on the lower portion of the Hurdle Creek run, Mr Blackburn and party had to leave, to put it out, or to circumscribe its effects. The fires on several occasions over matched the various parties, who worked most constantly and well, and got away from them. But, noth- ing daunted, the brave fellows went before it and burned trails, and ultimately suc- ceeded in getting command over the de- vastating fiend on Thursday evening, the 16th inst. By the unwearied exertions of the various parties the fires were kept away from the homesteads, and the precious ones there sheltered. Mr Milne had carts constantly supplying the various parties, and all the selectors worked with energy, and have the satisfaction in know- ing that their work has prevented their wives and families from experiencing some of the worst horrors of bush-fires. 