AGRICULTURAL ITEMS. Harvesting has now completely finished all I over the district, and plenty of work is to be found for the thrashing machines. The potato crop now in the ground is looking rather weak for want of rain; bat as appearances indicate a cliange, a good drenching now would be beneficial for the late-sown tubers. Grass is also very scarce, owing to the continued dry weather; bat most cattle and sheep will manage to get along for a few weeks until the autumn rains set in. The season, however, hfs been very satisfacstoiy, and more remunerative both to agriculturists and graziers in this district than the past two yeare. The change from extreme heat to a cooler atmosphere that has taken place during the past week (says the Leader) has been a welcome One, and the showers that have fallen did good service in checking the bush-fires, which had began to assume somewhat alarming proportions. The rain, which is anxiously looked for, both with respect to filling the reservoirs and softening the soil for autumn ploughing, has given indications of shortly setting in. Among other signs is the breaking up of the drought on the New South Wales side. As a role, the breaking in that quarter precedes a similar change here. Farm Horses.—It is acknowledged that a fine horse costs little more to keep than a poor one does; and sensible men are beginning to etady questions relating to speed, endurance, form and action, not for racing purposes, but for roadsters, and farm use. The active, energetic young farmers are generally fully alive to the value of the proposition. They like fast walkers for ploughing and teaming; fast trotters for the road. If they live a few miles from the post village or town, they do not fail to realise the advantages of a healthy, quick-stepping pur of roadsters. And though this Liking for fast horses may be carried too far, yet it is, if properly controlled, a pleasing and hopeful characteristic. It is the duty o:: every person who works or drives horses to see that they are fit for the use he requires.- He is quilty of carelessness or positive cruelty if be demands more than they are fitted to do. There must be a constant reserve fund of capability in the animal he nses. Abuse of animals often is only the thoughtlessness of patting them at the wrong sort of work. It is folly to make a large-limbed, straightshouldered horse, accustomed to soft ground and slow motion, attempt to change bis natural gut and habit Farmers want their teams for heavy work and their roadsters besides. And though a horse should certainly be made to " earn his living," still his physical condition should be kept at a point ratheroverthanunder his work. Deepplongbingand thoroughly pulverising the surface, implies the application of a good deal of force to the task. Light, unkempt, shambling hacks cannot give this. Only the larger and stronger animals will fill the requirements. Feeding " little and often " is recommenced. Long fasts, followed by heavy feeds of grain, ruins the digestion. The colts also should be well fed, as the stunting policy is without a redeeming feature. A shed in the pasture or stable yard, for the horses and colts to stand under when not in the stalls or at work, is essential daring rainy weather. It should be boarded up on the side from which the prevalent winds come. The gain in comfort and tbe improvement in the general appearance of the animals is very marked.— Alia. False Economy in Pig Breeding.—It is folly to use other than pure-bred boars. The manner of its occurrence is something like this—The farmer has some common sows, Or. perhaps, obtains one that looks well, and which, he thinks, is a little extra, though nothing much is known of her stock or breeding; she may be with pig by what he has been told was a good boar, or he breeds her to the moat passable one convenient, and in course of time she farrows; if she has only a small number, or saves but a few pigs, and is a good Buckler, there will probably be a boar pig in the litter that makes a development surprising to the owner, and is really handsome. The pig is kept tor a boar— first, because in appearance he is as good as the majority of thoroughbreds, and much better than tbe other bog stock on the place that has not had a3 good an opportunity for development. Secondly, the man who has thoroughbreds asks from 10 to 25 dollars a-piece for them; and as tliis home-made pig has not cost a fourth of that, the difference between his cost and that of the other is so much saved; and "a penny saved is as good as a penny earned." He is used on the sows of the herd; but bong a good animal individually, almost by accident, and not inheriting his valuable qualities from a long line of ancestry equally good, it is not possible to transmit them to his offspring to any appreciable extent, and weedy and unthrifty scrubs, and dissatisfaction, follow. Every sane man in any way connected with the raising of live stock should understand that the greatest improvement, and consequent profit, can only come from using sires of high quality, descended from generations of sires and dams likethem, followed by good care and judicious weeding-out every year. The man who keeps a half-dozen sows cannot afford to do without the use of a thoroughbred boar. —National Live Stock Journal.. The San Francisco Gall describes a mode testing the quality of potatoes as being he experiment generally made by experts. The tuber is cut in two and the faces examined. If deep yellow it will not cook veil; yellowish white is preferred. It must! be moist, bnt if water can be pressed out it will be soggy when boiled. If when tbe two pieces are rubbed together a white froth appears around the edge, it is a favorable indication of sufficient starch. If there is plenty the pieccs will cling together. For form implements of all kinds, having metal surfaces exposed, for knives and forks and other household apparatus—indeed, for all metals likely to be injured by oxidation or "rusting"—take any quantity of good lard, and to every "half-pound or so add of common resin (" rosin"} an amount about equal to half the size of an egg, or less—a little more or lets is of no consequence. Melt them slowly together, stirring as they cool; apply this with a cloth or otherwise, just enough to give a thiu. coating to the metal surface to be protected. It can be wiped off nearly clean from surfaces where it will be undesirable, as in the case of knives and forks, &c.; The resin prevents rancidity, and tbe mixture obviates the ready access of air and moisture. I have found the above a capital thing for keeping bits and stirrupirons free from nut.—Correspondent American Agriculturist. A correspondent of the Poultry Yard gives the following plan of 'killing poultry:—" I have been killing poultry by using the knife, and in a different manner from that which I have usually practised. I cut on the back side of the neck, just back of the ear or head, my object being to Berar the jugular vein. There being two—one on each side of the necik; it would be best to cut one hair the carotid artery, when only one side is cut, thus severing both ran and arteiy, which I believe is on the right ode. On hens I cut both sides of the neck, and when the blood stopped running a stream penetrated the brain by running the .knife point through the groove in the top of the mouth. I saw no twitching or quivering of the muscles. Soon after I commenced to pluck the feathers with both bands. They came aS vary easy, the birds were quickly stripped, and without any breaking or tearing of the skin. Spring chickens I cat only on am side, and do not tear them any to speak of. I must say that the method worked better than I expected. The objection to scalding in this section is that the fowls soon torn dark, and will not sell for as much as diy plucked." It the fowls are for immediate sale in a home market. and have been fcQladand drened as above, their appearance will be improved by a quick immersion in hot water. An old poultry-«51er told ns that be always treated dry-picked turkeys and chickens to audi a bath, aadnsUsea two cents more on a pound for it The statements regarding the United States cotton crop continue unfavorable. The Agricultural Department's Isst report pws 4,800,000 bales as the minimum. This is a very small crop compared with the anticipations that have been expressed by more than one authority. Hie French method of keeping winter •Spies until the season for small femtsarrives worthy of trial. Use smaU boxee m which to pack the apples. Wipe each one aiy and place them in alternate layers of gypsum (land plaster) blossom end down. Place the boxes in a diy cellar, so that air cam circulate between them. On dear, wool, wuidy days «pen the cellar doors and win- When -planting a fruit tree, .the -fine fibrous coots shonld be spread out «venly on aU sides, and must mellow earth filled in ouefully about them, funuthwg anunnwdiate aad available supply oflwd when tbe buds begin to start and the sap to flow in spring. This firm, rich soil, if possible taken from the surface, should be pressed and shaken down firmly about the roots. Of course young trees require staking if there is danger of winds to disturb the carefully placed roots before they can anchor them* selves in the soil. For horses, sawdust is often used as a bedding, and, if carefully used in the proper quantity, serves a good purpose, and docs no injury to the manure. Hardwood sawdust is, however, preferable, and the shavings of a planing mill do about as well, and perhaps better. The dependence of the farmer is to be more and more on stock. Stock itself and its products are more and more in demand, while the manure must be bad to make farming successful. Success with stock, then, includes almost everything else. 