ELECTRIC POSSIBILITIES. Although the progress of the application of electricity to practical purposes has so far disappointed the world, we should not condemn it or despair of the fulfilment of the prophecies that have been made about its future. The fact is that the announce ments made by Edison and others were premature ; they started to run before they were ready to creep. The science of the application of electricity to industrial and other purposes is but in its infancy, and years must elapse before it is per fected. But that electricity will eventually become the motive, intercommunicating and lighting power of the world we have no doubt. The most recent discovery is that which is after all the greatest and the most likely to lead to important result. People are under a mistake if they think that electricity is a distinct substance as air, water or its like. Electricity is nothing else than a form of force or energy. It will not create force or energy.. It is in fact a condition in which force is generated. Heretofore, the force generated by the combustion of coal or wood has been trans muted into electricity, no more, and this double manifestation of energy has made it costly. But the latest discovery leads us to think that all this will be changed. There are several sources of force in nature which we are unable except in certain cases to use. Winds, tides, rivers are all vast reservoirs of force, but they are little utilised. But it would appear that we have now taken the first step towards bringing these great forces under subjection, and rendering ourselves in dependent of the dirty and costly coal. This step is the discovery that we can store up electricity or in other words the transmuted energy of these forces. It would be easy enough to lose our heads in contemplating the possibilites of this dis covery, but we are checked when we con sider that so far it has been only accom plished on a small or toy scale, and that doubts have been entertained whether it can be utilized on such a scale as would be valuable for practical purposes. If the force can be stored up in sufficient quantities the whole industrial world will be revolutioned. Coal and wood will no more be required. Every part of the world will be placed on an absolute equality. Beechworth would be just as favorably situated for manufacture as is Glasgow or any other town near a great coalfield. Victoria would no more have reason to cry out at the want of coal or to pay New South Wales several hundreds of thousands per year for that mineral. The price of all manufactured articles would be reduced one-half. For motive power would be the easiest of all things to obtain. Windmills, waterwheels, tide- wheels would collect and store it when the winds, rivers and tides were in full force, and it could be used up as required. In fact, there would be more force than would be required. Such are the possi bilities of electricity; possibilities so grand that they almost take the breath away. Yet, however visionary and romantic they appear, they are not so. When the possibilities of steam were first discovered they appeared to the men of that time even more chimerical. But for all that they have been developed and steam has revolutionized the world. Electricity, the more direct form of force, promises to do more. There are scores of learned and energetic men all ever the world hard at the work of arresting the secret of utilising this great form of force from nature, and we may expect that their labors will be crowned with success before this generation has passed away. So far the success, though giving gleams of light, has not been in reality very great. Elec tric lighting is still a problem, though every day it is being grappled with more firmly. At present the main difficulty is the separation of the rays. According to the best authorities the sunbeam, the parent of all other beams, is composed of three great or primary rays, each of which has a special property. The yellow ray gives light, the red heat, and the blue is the cause of all chemical action. The atmos phere filters the sunbeams so that the red and yellow rays preponderate. So far the electricians have not been able to separate the obnoxious actinic or blue ray, so that in the electric light the blue and yellow rays predominate. Hence the defective and ghostly character of the light. This will be got over yet, and the yellow ray will he made predominant. If then we will have solved how to store the electric force light will be about the cheapest thing in the world. As to the telephone in all its power, as transmitting sound, scene etc., its success, especially in transmitting to a distance depends greatly upon the inven tion of magnifying instruments, and these we may be sure will be invented. There is no end to the possibilities of this new form of force. If what is predicted of it is realised than we will live in a new world, from which the smoke and grit and noise and expense of coal and steam will for ever be banished, in which the conditions of life will be improved a thousandfold, and in which a giant natural force, generated by the ordinary processes of nature — winds and tides and rivers will do nearly all the work of the world, and leave man to the development of his mental and spiri tual powers, banishing poverty and misery from the face of the earth. Beechworth School Board of Advice. — Mr John Stevens, J.P., has been elected, without opposition, a member of the School' Board of Advice for the Borough Riding of the United Shire of Beechworth Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The list of subscriptions collected on behalf of this institution during the past month, amounting to £196 13s 6d — which includes a donation of £140 from the Mining .Board, as commons fees — appears in another column. The Upper King Railway Agitation. — A meeting of residents of the Upper King district was held at Moyhu on Satur day evening, for the purpose of further considering the matter of the construction of a branch line of railway to that place. A report of the proceedings, which were of a very interesting nature, appears else where. Mining Mem. — We hear that Smart and Sons, after sinking 21 shafts at Knee- bone's Gully, Bowman's Forestj and which averaged from 32 to 60 feet each, have come across some good dirt. From prospects taken out of their last shaft, the dirt seems likely to give a good return ; prospects up to over 1 dwt to the dish liowiniv Knun nVifninoH T f will fulra ffrnn-i iiaiAUg UWVM VWHMIMVM AW "ill UUUU VllWUf some time yet to be in good working order. Warren and Co. have bottomed their new shaft in Connolly's paddock, but are shallow. We believe it is their intention to sink in rock before opening Ont. Ah Sam and Co., at Kneebone's Gully, are worked out, and. are waiting for water to wash up. Grant and Co., who have got possession of Biddington's claim at Stony Creek, are, according to reports, doing first-rate. Several of the reefs at Stony Creek are looking well. T.n i cpo A nuDAvrn Tlavio 108a lr 39p, Wooragee ; George Hardy, 194a 3r 6p, Barwidgee ; Duncan McMul- len, 319a lr 12p, Tawanga ; Morty Gleeson, 241a lr lip, Chiltern West ; John Murphy, 240a lr 26p, Murramurrangbong; Jane Marsden, widow of James Marsden, 268a 3r 27p, Wyeboo ; Catherine Wood- side, 72a 3r, Barwidgee ; Lot Healy, 71a Or 4p, Mudgegonga ; Peter Howman, 59a 0r32p, Mullindolingong ; CharlesBounds, 62a 3r 34p, Wodonga. " The Australian News" — We are in receipt of the "Illustrated Australian News" for the 22nd inst. The illustrations, which are one and all executed in a man ner characteristic of this excellent publica tion, comprise— "An Anxious Moment" (frontispiece), representing a young lady looking from a balconied window at the ap proaching form of a .postman burdened with a bagful of valentines, one of which he holds in his hand, it evidently being in tended for the eager watcher of hi3 move ments ; a number of humorous street sketches ; views of the new Protestant Hall and of the Premier Permanent Building So ciety's offices, Melbourne ; portraits of Mr R. M. Smith, thenew Agent- General, and of the Rev. D. Jones Hamer, pastor of the Col lins-street Congregational Church ; view in connection with the cold springs; Roto- mahaua, N.Z., and of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company's new warehouses ; " Going to School," re presenting a young French maiden, armed it. _ i i_ i J .Munf/i.nnpfrAlin An W1U1 a WUUK.-Oa3h.tJU huu iu U3iu-j/uiuwi.W) her way to the educational establishment ; a realistic sketch depicting a scene in con nection with a bush-fire in the Strathbogie Ranges — a herd of cattle, driven thither by the flames, halting in terror on the verge of a steep precipice prior to taking a fatal leap ; " Off to the Squadron," show ing a party of excursionists about to em bark on a visit to the Russian men-of-war; and scenes connected with the recent boat- races between the crews of the Russian ships and the Naval Reserve. Municipal Officers. — At the last meeting of the Wangaratta Borough Council Mr M. Maloney was elected to the office ; of rate-collector for the munici pality, there being three other applicants — Messrs W. E. Dale, T. Amery and J. Covert. Mr Alexander M'Rae was ap- ; pointed dog-officer, at a remuneration of j Is for every dog registered and half the | amount of fines ; and Mr Daniel Steele i messenger. The unsuccessful candidates ; for the two last-named positions were Messrs John Phelan and George Edmond- son, respectively. Whorouly Mem. — On Saturday night a meeting of the stewards, owners of horses and others interested in the Whorouly races, assembled at Dodd's Hall, for the purpose of drawing up the programme for the meeting. There was a large attendance of the stewards and owners. Mr Milne, of Whorouly station, was appointed chairman, and the minutes of the last meeting was read and confirmed. It was decided to hold the races in the same paddock as last year, viz., in that be longing to the Messrs Connor Bros., at Whorouly. The day appointed for holding vlit) UlvCvlUg 19 A 11U jfy 4lvlu ITAulvll 11caV> There will be six events and but one day's racing. Messrs J. T. Bell and R. Milne were appointed handicappers ; Mr O'Don- nell, judge ; Mr Blackburn, clerk of the scales ; Mr J. Corbet, clerk of the course ; and Mr M. McNamara, hen. secretary. The following gentlemen were nominated as stewards Messrs J. and D. Carmody, R. Milne, J. T. Bell, R. Blackburn, J. C. McCaul, M. Dodd, J. Corbet, Dr Cleary, T. Connell and R. Clements. Many norses are in training in the immediate district, and others are likely to come from a distance, and a good day's racing may be hopefully anticipated. The bush- fires that have been raging on the Hurdle Creek and Merriang runs were descending among the homesteads on the Whorouly plains, but by the well-planned and steady exertions of the Whorouly selectors and the run-owners, who gallantly foagnt back the fire-fiend, the homesteads were saved, although much damage had been done both to glass and fencing. Cattle of all kinds will soon be compelled to travel for grass and water unless rain comes to re lieve the anxiety ef the owners and the sufferings of the stock. . A Narrow Escape. — Mr Scanlan, far mer, of Wooragee, had a narrow escape from a serious, if not fatal, accident in Ford- street, Beechworth, on Monday morning.. He was sitting in his cart, when he fell forward to the ground, his feet catching in a rope stretched across the body of the vehicle, and remaining fixed there. The horse started off, dragging Mr Scanlan's head for several yards along the road ; but fortunately the occurrence was witnessed by Messrs Hyem and Den nett, who stopped the horse andrescuedits driver from his uncomfortable and perilous position — in fact, we are informed that the man's head at the time he was picked up was within a few inches of one of the cart-wheels, and had not timely assistance arrived, he would have met with a fright ful death. Cattle Sale. — The usual fortnightly cattle sale of Messrs Chas. L. Griffith and Co. , at their Albury yards, to be held to morrow (Wednesday) will commence at 11 o'clock arm. , instead of noon. The numer- uu3 luca lu ue suuuubueu. are meuuouea in an advertisement in another column. Alienation of Land at Bowman's Forest. — With reference to the matter of the application by Messrs J, Lang and C. Mummery for a block of land situated near Mr C. Wells's holding at Bowman's Forest, heard at the Beechworth Local Land Board on the 13th inst., we hear that Mr J. J. Munro has, on behalf of the residents of the Forest, made an offer to the Government to purchase the land and vest it in the shire council for public pur poses ; as it is felt that the springs in the locality should not be interfered with, being required by the public, especially in such seasons as the present, when the scarcity of water is being severely felt and farmers and others have to travel miles for such quantities as are required for domes tic purposes. We may here state, as an instance of the severity of the drought, that one day last week a horseman called at an hotel at Stony Creek and asked for a bucketful of water for his steed ; and it was only after considerable discussion and the payment of sixpence that the landlord was induced to let him have a small quan tity for the purpose needed. As Mr Tait, before coming to a decision, decided to visit the locality and see for himself how matters stand, we trust that he will do so at as early a date as possible, before rain sets in ; for we are informed that all the creeks, waterholes and dams for miles around are now dried up, and to allow of the fencing in of the springs would entail a great amount of hardship upon residents in the locality and suffering upon their The Police Commission. — A meeting of this body will be held at the Treasury, Melbourne, this (Tuesday) morning. An Unsatisfactory Explanation. — The long talked of explanation by Mr Bruce, of the Railway Department, of his charge against a Kyneton solicitor has been submitted to the Government and re turned by the Minister of Railways with a minute that Mr Bruce was informed that it was not considered satisfactory. Further action will follow. The Victorian Revenue. — The revenue continues to come in most satisfactorily, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen anticipates, we learn from the " Argus," that the income for this month will be almost as large as that for January, or at least only so much less as can be accounted for by the.fewer days. This February will be the best as regards revenue the colony has yet passed, if the expectations for the concluding : week are realised. j — i Bungil Mining Company, Granya. — This company has been formed to pur chase and take over from the Messrs Grant and Sons their mining lease .and crushing plant, together with an adjoining lease, in all about 45 acres The shares having been all subscribed for, a meeting was held at 99 Collins-street west, Mel-, bourne, on Friday, 17th inst., Mr VV. E. King in the chair, to adopt rule3 and regulations, elect directors, auditors, and manager, and instruct the manager to register as a no liability company without delay, with a capital of £24,000, in 24,000 shares of 20s each ; when the following "entlemen were elected directors : — Messrs W. E. King, G. W. Pralle, H. Lawrence, L. . Hencferson, J. Ogilvie aud W. '. Schlichting ; auditors, Messrs VV. Taylor and J. IL Bickerton ; manager, J. H. Wymond ; and- the registered office to be at 99 Collins-street west, Melbourne. The Electoral Koll. — A supplement to the "Government Gazette," published on Saturday, contains an intimation tnat the General Roll of Electors : 'lias been rectified and declared valid, notwithstand ing its having been revised on a day noli legally appointed for the purpose. Wodonga. — Our correspondent writes : Again it appears as if Wodonga was doomed to be destroyed by fire ; another con flagration having occurred — as is generally the case— abont two o'clock on Sunday morning last, on the premises known as the Railway Boarding- house, belonging to Mr Samuel Hutchins, cab-proprietor. The place was insured in the Imperial Com pany's office. Inquiries are being made by the police into the cause of the fire. The County Court was held here on Saturday, before His " Honor Judge Skinner. As there were 'only two cases on the list, the business before the court was quickly disposed of, and no unusual amount of excitement was caused in the town. The residents of this place are, in common with those of other localities, still eagerly and prayerfully wishing for rain ; as the weather is intensely hot during the day, and the smoke from the bush-fires burning in all directions around us tends to render the atmosphere most unpleasant and stifling at night-time. License Cancelled. — Thomas Weldon, 320a, Walwa. Grant Approved.— James Aitken, 49a lr 38p, Dorchap. Bank Holidays.— Wednesday, the 1st of March, is appointed to be observed as a public holiday at Wangaratta, Oxley and Milawa. Deputy Registrar. — Mr Joseph Arun- uei nas Deen appointed, to act as deputy registrar of births and deaths at Wodonga, vice Mr A. Cheyne, transferred to Wan garatta. Trustees.— Messrs Wm. Robert Robin son, James Grant, James Rielly and Chas. Hancock have been appointed trustees of the land temporarily reserved on the 2nd August, 1881, as a site for a cemetery at Bungil. Applications not Granted. — The fol lowing applications for licenses have not been granted, and the land will be open for selection on the 3rd prox. : — John Black, 117a, Granya ; Wm. Rapsay, 112a, Granya ; Walter Steer, 100a, Thologolong. Chiltern Fire-brigade. — A meeting of the Chiltern Fire-brigade was held in the Town Hall Committee-room on Thursday. Present — Lieut. Sexton (chairman), Lieut. Gill, and Firemen Hyland, McCorrv, H. Butty, 1. Wall, Colquhoun, Rohner, Mclntyre and Henderson. A letter was read from the Chiltern Brass Band, stating their terms to play at the ball on the race night, which were agreed to. It was de cided that a ball only be held on the night of tie races, the tickets for same being fixed at five shillings. The meeting then adjourned. District Wines for Bordeaux — The mail steamer Rosetta, which left Hobson's Bay on Thursday, took with her 220 cases and 27 casks of Victorian wine destined for the Bordeaux Exhibition. There were 218 samples in all, representing 33 dif ferent descriptions of wine. Amongst the exhibitors are Messrs George Lyon, Beechworth ; Robert McBean, Marangan Vineyard, Benalla ; A. Mueller, M.D. Yackandandah ; G. S. Smith, All Saints' Vineyard, Wahgunyah ; Duncan Logan, Rutherglen ; A. and R. Caughey, Mount Prior, Murray Valley ; and Hugh Frazer, Olive Hill, Brown's Plains. Buggy Accident. — Dean Tierney nearly came to grief at Chiltern, reports the " Standard." The rev. gentleman was on his road from Beechworth to Albury, and had reached past the Star Corner with the buggy which he was driving. His horse shied at ssomething, and began plunging violently. It ultimately ran against a post, smashing the shafts to atoms, and knocking the spokes out of ore of the wheels. The horse also kicked through the leather of the dashboard. The Dean seeing what was going on, got out of the vehicle just before the collision, and thus saved himself from what might have been a serious accident. The horse itself was much knocked about. The Dean afterwards took the rail to Albury, the affair|happening about midday. The Wangaratta Races. — Mr Alex. Tone sold by auction at the Albion Hotel, Wangaratta, on Saturday last, the under mentioned privileges in connection with the forthcoming race- meeting in that town. Mrs Kett bousrht both the rmh- lican's booths for £19, and the refreshment- booth for £3 3s. The right of sports was purchased by Mr A. Baynes for £3 3s, and of cards for the sum of £1 Is. The gross amount realised by the sale was £26 7s. The Boroondara Election. — The selection of a candidate to stand for Boroondara in the Constitutional interest was made on Saturday, and the choice fell on Mr W. F. Walker, who represented Richmond, in conjunction with MrBosisto, in the first Parliament of 1880. Punishment of Russian Offenders. — A good idea was given at the City Police-court, Melbourne, on Saturday, of the severity with which Russian seamen who commit serious offences are treated, states the " Daily Telegraph." The two men who were arrested at bale as deserters and for stealing property from the Afrika were brought before the Bench, and were ordered, te their evident horror, to be handed over to their officers, several of whom were present in court. Before leaving the precincts of the watch- house the men were heavily ironed, both on hands- and feet. According to the statement of their officers, they will be sent to the Siberian mines for along term of years, and not hanged, as they appeared to expect. iviimnu- xiti-uui'. — jl ii o muling manager of the Cornish United claim, Bright, on the 13th inst. reports Work progressing steadily; mine about the same as reported last week. Stone is looking well, about 80 tons at grass ; cannot crush for want of water. Scratched. — A writer in the " Herald" states that Mr Sevior was so disgusted with the weights placed upon Star of the WeBt in the Benalla Handicap that he instantly scratched her upon seeing them. Defaktuiie. — A number of t.n- i-aum residenis of the tow n r.s-'ernblc ' m Aoc club-room a the Commercial H "trl, Beechworth, oh :.S»curdav, ior tlm purpose of bidding, farewell to Mr S W. . O. Campbiffi, late manager or the luctii l-rcm-A of the -Bank' of AustrulnM <. prior io his departure by «he altera -on . train to Williamstown, whruce be lias been iranv ferred, to assume the manage ship of I lie bank there. The "ehiur on the occasion was occupied by Mr Geo. Gammon, J.P., who, in proposing the health of Mr Camp bell, congratulated that gentleman, up.-m his promotion, expressed the rcgrei chat was universally fell i>y the iowospople at his departure from among" them, ao.it trusted that tlie happiness .which lie aud Mrs Campbell had experienced while in Beechworth would be increased during their residence in- their " cottage by tlie sea," and would iissure them that at any future time they might revisit the town they would meet wim a hearty welcome from their man? friends resident therein. The toast having been fittingly honored in bumpers of champagne, Mr Campbell feelingly responded ; expressing his sin cere regret at having to part with so many good friends as he had in the town, and hoped that the time would not be far dis tant when he should be afforded an opportunity of paying them a visit. Mr James G. Orr endorsed the remarks of the chairman with respect to their guest, and testified to his many good quali ties, which had gained for him both thr respect and friendship of the towns people, as a whole. " The Banking In terest" was proposed by Mr John Turner, J.P.. in a few well-chosen remarks, and suitably, responded to by Messrs T. K- Johnston (B ulk of New South Wales) and W. M. Hyntlmnn (Oriental Bank Corporation) ; both gentle men bearing testimony to Mr Campbell's worth, both in his official capacity and as a private citizen. The toast of " Tlie Press," proposed by the chairman and responded to by Mr Richard Warren, proprietor of "The Ovens and Murray Advertiser," and the singing of " Auld" Lang Syne" brought the proceedings to a close. The meeting was an impromptu one — it not being known until that morning that Mr Campbell's departure would be so sudden, as he did not anticipate leaving until Monday morning ; otherwise there would doubtless have been a much larger attendance. A -Warning to Jurors.— Mr Jusiice Williams meted out a heavy punishment to a juror who did not put in an appearance on Friday morning 17th instant, at the opening of the February Assizes in Batiarai , states the " Star." The gentleman re- ferred to, Mr Henry Harvey, is a clerk in the National Mutual Life Assurance Company's office, and since the summons had been served upon him to attend the court, was sent on <-fiicial busiuess to Beechworth. Mr J. M. Templeton, the secretary, wrote to the sheriff of the district. Mr W. H. Anderson, informing him of what had been done, and requpstiug that Air Harvey should be excused from serving as a juror. His Honor remark,"! that he considered Mr Templeton's -.undue' tantamount to contempt of courc. and u mark his displeasure, fined the ahsen' juryman £o os, intimating that in the m-v case of the kind x fine of £50 would i" imposed. Our Defences. —The "Age" of Satur day has the following : — The following conversation — f®r the genuineness of which we can vouch — took place on Thurs day between a Minister of the Crown and /\n ft ft f f n ft nmftOrB rtr tha Pliaoinn Bftimrl uuo vl uuw Uiuwetg vi uuw AUUflOlitll OljUaU ron. After a reference to the article in the "Age" on Thursday morning relative to the intercepted dispatch and a few jocular remarks thereanent, the Rus sian officer said, " Well, you need not care ; you are not so defenceless as some people try to make out. If you were to sink a couple of hulks at the Heads, lay a few of the best torpedoes, and employ a swift gunboat to cruise a'-»out at tlie en trance, an enemy would have a great deal ®f difficulty in entering your port." The Wangaratta Wheat Market. — On Tuesday, 14th inst., states the " Wan garatta Dispatch," some cf the agents for Melbourne buyers refused to do business at over 4s 8d per bushel, but not.wiili- stauding this intimation other buyers operated at 4sl0dto4s 10d, which figure was again paid on Wednesday and Thurs day for prime samples. On Friday Mr Francis Higgins quoted 4s 6d to 4s 8d. Mr William Allan, of the Yictorian Flour Mills, bought at 4s 7d to 4s 8d. Mr P. Thompson bought from 4s 3M to 4s Sd, according to quality. Mr Phillipson quoted 4s 3d to 4s 4d ; Mr Meldrum, to 4s 8d. Miss Carmickael. — "It was publicly stated a short . time since," says the " Ballarat Courier," " that Miss Eva Car- raicnaei, wnose marveiious escape trom the Loch Ard wreck some years ago caused a universal feeling of interest in the people of the Australian colonies in her welfare, was married. News from the young lady's relatives, with whom she is at present living, sent by last mail, gives information to the effect that she is not married. She is in a very delicate state of health, having suffered from inflamma tion of the lungs last winter, and her medical adviser, an eminent physician in Dublin, has ordered her to spend the winter on the Continent, as he feared consumption. Thi3 news will doubtless be heard with regret ; for the terrible and romantic story of her advent into this colony interested in her future all who heard it." THE JLvEMOv AL OF .DANK OFFICIALS. — The action of Mr Parkes, the superinten dent of the Bank of Australasia, in rapidly removing the officials from place to place, is severely, condemned remarks the " Geelong Advertiser." A fortnight since one of the officers of an up-country branch of the hank became so enraged at his fre quent changes that he resigned. Since then we have heard of several other re movals, which have met with similar re sults. The latest removal is that of Mr Wighton, manager of the Geelong branch of the same bank, to Beechworth. During a residence of over five years in this town, Mr Wighton has made himself a general favorite with the banking public, and his loss will no doubt prove a most serious one to the bank. Mr Wighton has proved himself an efficient officer, ever zealous to forward the bank's interest, and a manager who, by his courteous demeanor to the bank's customers, and all with whom he has come into contact, has so en grafted himself into the good wishes of the public that he caanot well he spared. The change of batiks will be to the loss of the Geelong public, and it may be hoped that the powers that be will see fit to alter the determination to remove the present manager to Beechworth. Twenty Years Bedridden. — Twenty years' imprisonment in a gaol is looked upon by many persons as a great infliction Vsays tne TSauarat otar ;. ire tmns, however, that 20 years' confinement in a bed is a much greater torture. From what we hear it appears that a resident of Humffray-street, an old French lady named Mrs Madeline Hugerman, has, through some bodily disease, been lying in bed for the long period mentioned. The old lady is a widow, and her deceased husband was a sea captain by profession. The only other person in the house with Mrs Hugerman is a female attendant. Water Conservation. -i., u()11c an\article ou tlio suhj..'c;. r ' j immediate action oaiu._r fcak- j t ,;i J ter of couservarioii of water in Vi... ' the " Evening Mail " „.i< ih., followh,""'' marks, -vhion we tW m-htv -ndurse The point is, arc rhe m-xt ar.rii,., r-,i, fall without being cotrserviNi ? mVl f-,'3 10 part, wo submit urgency, the, Government should -a ()„ u- dertake the main work., n-eom iieu.M by Messrs Gordon and Black f.,r atorii the rainfall of the northern Watershed" the money spent to be recouped aftem.-n.i' by the local bodies, f water is to be con served at once in the northern district the Government must show the way \nJ if it is not conserved at once, thu fear ; - that we shall have to bid farewell .! & settlement. The Chinese New Year. —The Chine , new year commenced on Saturday and was ushered in by the immigrta | from -.he Flowery Land resident at th I camp on bpnng Ur-ek, JtJeecn worth, with the festivities peculiar to tin, nation' such as feasting on dainties and «le!i'cHciea prepared and served up in Celas-'ia'-gtyig the firing of innumerable crajk«:s to the devil," and the sounding «.f goii's and at night the c imp, v-i w. a fmjj, : town, presented quire a brilliant sp. etaele ' the joss-houses and other principal bn ljl i ings being illuminated by means o: colored ' lamps. Cricket. — a match between the married and single members of the Corowa an(j Wahgunyah Cricket Clubs was played on the Corowa ground on Saturday, and re suited in a win for the b'-.nedicts ; the scores being— Benedicts, 109 ; bachelors I 52\. On Fridav, 24th inst., the iuur 11 match between tlie Core va and Wah R- gunyah Clubs will be played on the W former's ground. fej 