NEWS IN BRIEF. (Specially collated and epitomised for 41 The Weekly Times.") . Caterpillars are destroying the vines in the Wagga district. The number of sheep in the United States is returned at 40,190,166. A new theatre is being built m Manchester on a scale of great magnificence. Mr. R. B. Smyth is to lecture at B&llarat; on the mining resources of Ballarat. Good fresh water has been struck by boring at Darkbonee, near St. Arnaud. Instruction in field and garden work is to be given in the rural schools of Russia. An irrigation company is projected for Kerang, with a capital of £5,000 in 10s. BllnACB. A real Chinese dramatic company from San Franoieco will shortly perform in London. The Irish Presbyterian Synod has adopted resolutions strongly condemning the growing practice of sitting instead of standing daring prayers. There are more than 6,000,000 children in America outside any direct Sunday-Bchool influence. A public tea-drinking has been given to the 44 converted ballet-girls" in Epping Forest, near London. It is reported that the Australian team of cricketers have cleared £1,000 a man by their visit to the old land. A recent writer states that there are now more than 10,000,000 of people of Irish blood in the United States. The new Premier of Nova Scotia is only twenty -six years old, and was admitted to the bar Ave years ago. Several large bush-fires are raging in the Northern districts, doing great damage to the crops, feed, and fences. The East Indian Maharajah Duleep Singh, who has resided for many years in England, has composed an opera. A gentleman in Leeds has obtained from & AAmartAflflonf m +Vto Wnai n I— . am «uo HCOB AUUlCBOUUVQltjr ill vegetation, viz., a green rose. The average height of the British Guards sent to Egypt is stated to have been 5ft. 10£in., as against 5ft. lOin. in 1854. The potato crops throughout the Warrnam- bool district are reported to be suffering from frost by night and hot winds by day. According to Dr. Hewson, of Boston, the common European sparrow is capable of having and communicating small-pox. The Sydney house-painters have formed a co-operative society, and are now prepared to tender for painting work of all kinds. The recent failure of the hop crop in Kent, England, has had the effect of causing an increase in the valaes of English beers. In London, daring the hot weather, crowded and filthy streets are sprinkled on alternate days with a weak solution of carbolio acid. At Townsville, Queensland, five Chinese were charged on Saturday with the murder of John M4 Arthur, a miner, aged twenty-four. A lad named Charles Moore, while fishing at the municipal wharves at Brisbane on Saturday, fell into tbe river and was drowned. The man found dead in the Cape Otway Forest will have to be exhumed to enable his relatives to claim the insurance money on his life. There is now an invalid in the Bendigo Hospital named Patrick White, who is 104 years of age, and has his faculties unim paired. An international musical festival, in which 8,000 Swiss and other performers were to take part, is announced to commence shortly, at Geneva. Mrs. Langtry, the . celebrated English beauty, who has taken to the stage, made her firBt and successful appearance in New York recently. Two seizures of putrid fish were made by Sergeant M4Farland, inspector of health, and Constable Healey, on Saturday afternoon in Ballarat East. John Campbell, an&boriginal;, while bathing at Yorke's Peninsula, recently injured him self by diving and succumbed to the injuries in a few hours. A Chinaman committed suicide at Green Gully, near Newstead, on Saturday, when he was found hanging by a rope tied to the ridge pole of hiB hut. The number of tracts given out by the London Religious Traot Society during ' tbe eighty-three years of its corporative existence is 2,099,210,520. A lusus naturcc in the shape of a spotted wood lizard, which is the possessor of three well-defined- tails, has been shown at Magill, in Sonth Australia. Mr. T. O. Soanlen, the Cape Premier, has warned the Basutos that military measures will be resorted to unless they submit to the colonial authorities. The dead body of a man named John Johnson was recently found in the bush by the police twenty mileB from Herbert Downs station, Queensland. Acoording to the London Times , Irelanc has spent annually during the past ten years £3,000,000 more for intoxicating drink than has been paid for rent. Since the South Australian Government first offered rewards for the destruction of sparrows and sparrows' eggs, 27,345 heads and 187, 2i2 eggs have been paid for. The oldest vessel afloat is a ship of 300 tons, called the Trfle Love. She is over ido years old, and is a merchant ship in active duty, sailing under the English flag. One of the sights of London at present is he coal carts havingon their sides in large etters the coronet and the name of a noble pit- owner who has gone into the retail line. The sending of medical women from Eng land to India is likely to be an established custom, as the Indian women are averse to treatment by physicians not of their own sex. I The bust of the Earl of Beaconsfield, paqg I chased by penny subscriptions from working men of the borough, was recently presented to the members of the Conservative Club at Greenwich. A fatal accident occurred on Saturday evening, at 6 o'clock, outside of Kyneton, to a man named Patrick Keogh, a resident of Emberton, who was killed through falling from his dray. A horrible suicide took place in San Fran cisco lately. The chemist of the Thunder Powder Company placed a number of car tridges in his mouth, lighted a fuse, and was blown to pieces. The woman Tricket, the well-known go-as- you-please walker, was sentenced to two months' hard labour, at the Newcastle Police- court last week, for stealing a jacket belong ing to a barmaid. Many English army officers hold that it is absolutely necessary to re-establish flog ging for crimes when on active service. Im- ririsnnmAnf. la lmnnsaiKlm rfaofK Kcnnmco the only alternative. Two brothers have bee recently convicted at York, England, of a crime which has been th8 basis of many romances— tampering with parish registers. To obtain property they forged an entry of birth. The remains of a city, suppose to be the ancient Demetrius, have been discovered in Thessaly, on a spur of Mount Pelion. Some cisterns have already been unearthed, and restored to their original uee. There are no poor laws or workhouses in Germany, and the number of street beggars are steadily increasing. During 1881 no lees than 32,931 beggars were arrested in Berlin, against 27,262 for 1880. Some idea of the enormous ferry traffic on the Mersey may be gathered from the fact that 208,055 persons were carried by the Birkenhead and Wallasey ferries, to and fro from Liverpool, in one day recently. A lad named Todd, working at Thompson's foundry, Castlemaine, when assisting on Friday afternoon in casting, some of the melted iron ran down his leg and inside his boot, whereby he was severely burned. A woman named Alice Tree has been found dead at her house in Adelaide. Foul play is suspected, as the body bore marks of brutal violence. A man has been arrested on the charne of beincr concerned in the matter. An old resident of Benalla, commonly known as Bill Frost, a farmer and horse dealer, recently committed suicide at Rothsay, by poisoning himself with strychnine, which he bought ostensibly for poisoning rabbits. Miss Fanny Davenport, the American actress, wdarB in 44 Diane de Lys" precious stones which are valued at £12,000. One jewel alone, formerly the property of the Queen of Spain, is said to be worth £1,000. At the Thalia theatre, Texas, the manager, Mr. John Harris, recently found it necessary to appear before the curtain with a loaded revolver in each hand, and intimate that if there wasn't order he'd 44 jnst shoot around anyhow." A Sydney boiler- maker, named Charles . Sheridan, lately from the Fiji Islands, was committed for trial at Newcastle last week for attempted suicide, by cutting his throat, , at the Black Diamond hotel, during a fit of delirium tremens. ,.w , 8 Professor Gilbert, the American lecturer, has entered an action for libel for £5,000 damages against Mr. Woodgate, proprietor of the Maryborough Chronicle (Queensland), on account of certain comments on a lecture delivered by him. A sad accident happened recently to a son of Mr. Pride, at Jerilderie, who was playing near a tank in which was 10ft. of water, when he fell in and was drowned. Mr. M'Kenzie, by repeated diving, brought the body to the surface. The sparrow is only insectivorous wben it is raising its young, and though, according to Dr. Coues, this business occupies nearly all of the sparrow's days except in winter, the fact remains that the bird is principally granivorous and frugivorous. Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan have hired a yacht, the Chloris, for pleasure purposes. The twain are, however, happier at the pen than at the wheel, as the Chloris recently ran aground in Portsmouth Harbour, doing no little damage to her rigging. At a recent bullfight in Nimes, the visitors, . deemjng that the animals displayed a lack of ferocity, protested against the exhibition by hurling their ehairs down from the galleries, and setting tire to the properties, committing damage to the amount of £200. Amongst recent additions to the Melbourne National Gallery is the painting of " Chloe," which was one of the features of the French Gallery at the International Exhibition, and which has been lent by Dr. Fitzgerald, who purchased it from the exhibitors. An impecunious editor in New South Wales thus addresses his non- paying subscribers — 41 Will some of those who have received accounts from this office kindly send the cash in return, so as to enable us to get a new ceiling put in our Sunday pants." Dissensions have arisen amongst the members of the Turkish Government, and a Ministerial crisis is imminent. The Egyptian question is the main cause of tbe differences which have arisen, and which will necessitate a change of the Sultan's advisers. Official statistics show that more than 13,000,000 letters and post-cards are posted dajly in the world. 3,418,000,000 letters are annually distributed in Europe, 1,246,000,000 in America, 76,000,000 in Asia, 38,000.000 in Australia, and 11,000,000 in Africa. In Moreoambe Bay recently, three young gentlemen were cruising in a yacht, when it capsized through striking on a bank, and two of them, named Young and Elliott, were drownted, the third, named Chandler, reaching the shore in an exhausted condition. At the Union stockyards in Chicago during the past year, there were received from_ the various parts of the United States 1,498,550 head of cattle, 48,948 calves, 6,474,844 fat pigs, 493,024 sheep, and 12,909 horses, estimated at the value of 183,077,710doL The profit of successful opera- boeffea are by no means fanciful. Gilbert and Sullivan are said to have realised £12,000 by the 44 Pirates of Penzance," whilst Str&a6B;'s 44 Merry War," is stated to have brought him in the almost incredible sum of £50,000. A settler named Albert Banter, on the Lower Woolondilly, New South Wales, was recently taking down a loaded gun, when the weapon exploded and the contents passed through the head of his wife, who was just behind him, causing instantaneous death. A painful accident happened to a contractor named Robert Wall, aged thirty -nine years, whilst at work at Pyramid Hill on Saturday. He was picking some sawdust out of a dynamite cap, when it exploded, shattering the forefinger and thumb of the right hand. A peculiar disease is said to affect the eyes of the shearers in one of the sheds in toe Camperdown district, and the canee is attri buted to the yolk in the wool, which comes in contact with the eyes by tbe men using the same water for washing their hands and faces. A Chinaman at Giiberton, Queensland, assaulted a traveller named August Moriepeiy, with a chopping knife, inflicting four severe wounds, through one of which tbe entrails of the man protruded. He is not expected to recover. The Chinaman has been arrested. Mr. Heber Donaldson, a lawyer of E mien ton, Pennsylvania, was, for danoing, recently expelled from the Presbyterian Church to which he belonged. The statement of the defender was that, while at a private party, he 44 attempted to walk through a quadrille." According to Canadian law, every person in the Dominion over nine years of age has the right to receive personally letters addressed to him or her. A husband receiving his wife's correspondence, or a father taking letters for his child, is guilty of a misdemeanour. England, as a whole, has about five cows per 100 acres, while the Netherlands have 44, Belgium 42, Prussia 24, and France 22 per hectar, alojost equal to 250 acres. There is one cow tojevery 4 persons in Holland, one to every 5£ in Belgium, while the English millions keep but 1,881,000. A dastardly outrage was perpetrated at Dundas, near Parramatta, on the 8th inst. The pony of the public sohool teacher was "found dead in toe paddock, -nnder oircum- "" stances which leave little room for doubt that me ue&m; resuirea irom ioill pi&y; at tne nanus of some cowardly misoreant. The Mendelssohn Quintette Club, which a few months since delighted the music cognoscenti of Melbourne, are now earning golden opinions in San Francisco. Miss Cora Miller appears to be a favourite there, but Mr. Giese, the admirable violoncellist, is recognised as the lion of the party. A partial eclipse of the sun took place on Saturday morning, beginning first contact at 7h. 3min. 55sec., middle of eclipse 8h. 6mln.f and ending at 7h. IGaeo. For the greater part of the time the luminary was hidden by clouds, but about 8 o'olook, the middle of the eclipse, it was seen through smoked glass. Vast ruins have been discovered in toe Zulu country, in Sonth Africa— obelisks, with colossal carvingB, terraces and halls of hewn stone, or out out of the solid rook. The natives regard them with mysterious awe, and keep strangers from them, for fear that, if they are approached, no rain will fall for three years. At the Adelaide mayor's banquet on Friday night, his Excellency the Governor said the finances of the city were highly satisfactory. The bonded debt amounted to £84,700. The value of the corporation property was £250,000. There was a large and representative gathering, about 350 guests being present. An old elm stands near the depbi in Fair street, Kingston, N.Y., which is a favourite building place for birds. More than 200 nests have been counted among its branches this season, and the birds fill the old tree with song. It is the admiration of every visitor, and many go to hear toe singing of the birds in the morning. The King of Siam wants the yr&Us; of a new palace he is building decorated with ancient family portraits, and has sent an order to England for their rapid production. The portraits of three of his ancestors already exist ; but for likenesses of the army of other relatives the painter will have to draw upon his imagination. A little boy named Shaw, aged five years, was found lying dead under a plough the other day iu a paddock near Wyndham. tie had been sent on a message to the town ship by his mother, and it seemed that he had been trying to pull about the plough, when the beam, in turning over, caught him under ths chin and choked him. On the trara-liue in Oxford street, Sydney, on Friday, a hore9 and buggy, the property of Dr, Warren, got on the track, and a tram thai was coming along dashed into both, before the driver of the motor conld pull np. They were knocked over, and the animal was injured and had to be killed, whilst ths driver of the buggy escaped unhurt. A new trial was recently applied lot at Baltimore, U.S., on the gronnd that a beautiful daughter of one of the contestants was in toe court-room during the trial, carry ing on a qniet flirtation with a susceptible young juryman, whereby, she so influenced him that he confessed his inability tq acquiesce in a verdhct again s$ her father. An aooident, which might have been . attended serious consequences, happened i to the Amherst coach on Saturday evening through meeting a hioyole on the head of k dam near Amherst. Thehorse ahled and eapsized the ooafth over the bank. The passengers were all more or less hart, and it will take eome days before the ooaoh oan be repaired. The retorne of the biennial eleetionein the United 8tates for the Lower Honse of Congress are now complete, and the reenlt shows that out of the 393 members eleeted a majority of fifty has been returned on the Demoeratio tieket. The decision of the eleotion of 1880 is thus completely Reversed, the Republicans on that occasion securing a majority. A serious railway aooident ooourred at Bathnrst on Saturday morning; the mail train ran into a goods train, owing to a defect in the signals. Several passengers were more or less hurt ; a lady and a boy seriously. The Montague-Turner Opera Company were passengers by the train ; Miss Montague And Mr. Turner were a good deal shaken, and Signora Yenosta was severely oat and bruieed. A rather astonishing feat was accomplished by a horse recently at New Plymouth, New Zealand. It had broken oat of a paddock, ana a boy was trying to drive it baok again, but it got to the edge of an embankment, and at the sound of the crack of the whip took one bonnd over the embankment, and landed 24ft. below on an empty dray. The j dray was broken, but the horse was uninjured, and galloped off: A boy named Thomas Henry Neal. aged ten years, left his home at Derwjnt Jack's, near Smythesdale, on Friday, about noon, to go cray-fishing, accompanied by a younger brother. In about an hour afterwards the latter came running home and said, " Mother, mother, Tom is is the dam and can't get out.' The poor woman at once proceeded to the place, bat oonld not see the deceased. The body was soon afterwards discovered by a splitter. A carious accident is reported from Kilong- bulla, on the Macquarie. As native dogs j t were very troublesome, spring guns were set in the bush to kill them. A young man named Ernest Piper, while piloting two troopers, touched one of the wires and reoeived a charge of shot in his legs. Before he got clear he foaled another wire, but the gun fortunately missed fire. The sufferer was brought to Bathurst for medical treatment. A Paris thief « mode of carrying on his nefarious business was to open carriage doors for ladies, and as they stepped out to possess himself of their purees and accessible jewellery, which he at onoe deposited at the nearest police-station, subsequently accepting with modesty whatever reward their gratitude suggested. Finally he was caught in the aot of taking a watch into his 'temporary possession, and put where his honesty will go unrewarded. An American paper tells the following anecdote : — P. T. Bantam was at the Agricul tural -hall, London, when he was informed that the Prinoe of Wales wonld like to see him. 41 His Royal Highness," said the equerry, " wonders what your next enterprise will be. Perhaps yon would like to take the British army over to exhibit in America." 44 Well, no," responded Barnum'; "tell the Prinoe, with my compliments, I wonld much rather take him over." The Robert Mercury states that about 8 o'clock on a recent Monday night, when aboot thirty miles north-east of Eddystone Point, a large whale struck the steamship Esk heavily on the side of the port bow. The shock was felt throughout the vessel, and some of the men jumped to the conclusion that she had struck a rock. The whale is supposed, from the foroe with whioh it struck the steamer, to have been a large one. immediately after it spouted, and it is evident that in rising it met tire ship's bow. A novel mode of earning a living is that adopted by an artistic tramp in London, who peddles newspaper cuttings, having reference to artists, about the studios. He collects all the London and other papers he oan lay his hands on, outs out all the paragraphs concerning a oeriain painter, and offers them to him at so mnoh a paragraph. As the artist seldom hears of the notioe until it is too late to seoure a copy of the paper, and as he is strongly interested in the matter, a bargain is soon struck, to the satisfaction of both parties An event whioh has been exciting consider able interest in dramatic ciroles in Ghrist- churob, N.Z.. too place recently, at the Roman Catholic Churoh, when Mr. John L. Hall, cornelian, was married to Miss Jessie Gray, the leading lady of his company. The following notioe, eminently characteristic of the bridegroom, subsequently appeared in the morning papers, under the heading of " Marriage" : — 44 Hall— Gray. — John L. Hall led to the alter Jessie Gray ; no cards, no cake ; much joy on the 3rd Ootober. Australian papers please copy." The escaped prisoner from Albury Gaol, Noonan, was arrested at midnight on Thurs day, at Warby's Island, near tbat town, by Sergeant Harrison and a oonstable from Victoria. Prisoner had ootne to where he was arrested intending to visit his wife, who lives not far distant from the place, and was taken by the police on removing from his ambush to accomplish bis purpose. The prisoner, who looked in a weary and careworn condition, stated in gaol that the only nourishment be bad taken since bis escape was thistle rootB and orange peel, picked up along the railway line. On Sunday last, Mrs. M'Leod, of Rooky Flat, near Talbot, had her attention attracted to the cage of a favourite canary, which, with the bird in it, had been hanging up outside the house. On going to see what was the matter, she found a black snake about 4ft. long Inside the cage, which had caught the canary, and was crashing it. Mrs. M'Leod was too late to save the bird, which was so crashed that blood, etc., came from Its beak, resulting in its death. The snake, which was killed by Mr. M'Leod, is supposed to have ootne 4rom the roof, though how it effected an entrance into the cage is a mystery. An orchestra in shirt sleeves was one of the novelties that characterised the first representation of Wagner's 44 Parsifal" at Bey- reuth. The bk&d; at the theatre is oat of £htOf the Audience, and as the day was flatyffHfrfy hot, and the musicians knew what | in arduous task was before them they pulled | off their coats and attacked Wagner's score \ like Trojans. Then there was a difficulty with a ohoir of boys who had to sing the chorps of unseen angels above the stage. Warier, being afraid the boys oould not stand the heat, provided them with bathing costumes. In these loose and comfortable garments the angelio host rendered their choruses with splendid effect. As to the artists on title stage, they were as nearly unclothed as propriety would permit. 