Resources of Northern Queensland. THE Rev. J. E. Tenison-Woods, F.G.S., F.L.A., has been contributing to the Sydney Mail a series of articles under the heading, "A Visit to the Wild River." From the concluding paper of the series we make the following extracts, which will be read with ; interest, coming as they do from so competent an authority:— "My inspection of the Mulgrave gold field was soon concluded, and then I had nothing further to detain me in the North. In returning to Trinity Bay, the weather was fine and dry, and, as is usual in such cases, the . bush fires were extremely numerous. It is not everywhere here, however, that the bush will burn. In the shady, dark, and damp tropical forests such a thing as a bush fire never occurs. There is too much moisture, and the under growths of rich green leafy ferns and fern trees are always dripping with moisture. Thus it , happens that one almost universal character of Australian scenery is wanting here. There are no ' charred and blackened sterna or grim charcoal ' stumps to be seen. All the timber is round and trim, green and mossy, covered with ; lichens or the numerous vines, climbing palms, and aroids, just as they have been for hundreds of years. However beautiful and venerable , this is, it has one great disadvantage, and that is that the settler cannot look to fire to help him to clean his ground. It must all be the work of the axe and the spade, and very tough and rough work it will be, for most of the wood is as hard as ebony. It is a very great pity that it is so. These forests cover the richest soil in Queensland. It is capable of growing anything that a tropical climate can produce. I may go further, and say that the soil is as rich as any in the world, for it is not only in itself a fine volcanic loam, but it has been invigorated for ages with a never failing supply of decaying vegetation. For sugar and such like products it could not be surpassed. Nevertheless, it will require tre mendous labour to clear it. I don't say that this will not be done, and probably soon done. Of late the desire to invest in sugar plantations has brought a great number of speculators into the field. All the rich low lands on the east side of the range which were any way clear of timber and salt water have been gradually absorbed by the sugar planter. Well, not exactly all, but all that were easily accessible, ; for there are immense tracts of such country in the wilder districts still untouched, and soon these also will feel the influence of the sugar ; mania. " There is no denying that Queensland has a wonderfully rich inheritance in these sugar lands. Just now there is only the commence ment seen of what they may be made. In a few years the town of Mackay has become an immensely wealthy centre of the sugar in dustry; and twelve years ago the lands were only opened up. Three years ago I accom panied an exploring party as far as Mourilyan Harbour, and left them about to survey the rich lands of the Johnstone River. There is not a vacant acre of good land to be got there now, and the whole country is being planted, and sugar mills are going up on every side. Just as I left Trinity Bay last year, a land sale had taken place at Cairns, and some of the sugar lands had been bought up at high prices; yet the bulk of the good soil in that locality had not been touched. A Chinese settler has cleared a little of the more open scrub at the back of Cairns, about two miles from the sea, and had planted it over with sugar-cane within the last few yean. It is now a most valuable property, but there is still plenty more about Cairns and on the Barron River. In fact all the coast from Cairns to Cape Flattery, a distance of about 120 miles, has extensive patches of rich alluvial soil, which will take many years to settle upon. Sugar will be the main industry of North Australia. All that is wanted is population. The land is there, and the climate is there; but at present it is almost a solitude. "Aswe passed along the open forest road between the foot of Mount Walsh and Cairns the scenery again was most beautiful. To the right rise Murray Prior Ranges, with the pnrple outline of the Bellenden Ker beyond in sharp and serrated outline, and with many a granite peak projecting, yet for the most part clothed with such a dense dark forest that nothing but the leafy mantle of vegetation could be seen. In the fine weather of those days, with the bright sky and still brighter fleecy clouds of the south-east trade winds, it was astonishing how clearly every object could be seen. But this is rather the exception than the rule. We could perceive quite plainly on the mountain sides that the natives were making signal fires to one another. Al 1 at once on the dark slope a slight smoke will be noticed, and in a few moments it becomes such a thick, dense column of white fumes that one wonders how such an effect can bo pro- duced. It goes on thickening and increasing ' for about ten minutes, until it makes a very conspicuous object in the scene, and then begins gradually to fade away. It is not long before it is answered from some distant hilltop, precisely in the same manner: and in a short space five or six of these signals will be seen gradually fading away on the distant mountains. The presence of a boat on the inlet was always the occasion of a multitude of these signals, and on the day I came down along the shores of the Barron the presence of our party was the occasion of a general illumination of the hills. As I have already said, the bush was on fire as I returned, but the wind was blowing freely, so that the haze was not great. We left Alley's crossing place on the Mulgrave early, expecting to get to Cairns in the afternoon. But, alas for human hopes! It had rained a good deal while I was up the country, and pur first mis fortune was in crossing one of the very deep creeks which convey the drainage from the steep ranges on our left to the inlet on our right. Instead of taking the ford, two of my packhorses went into the deepest water hole, wetting all the luggage, and, what was worse, my collections of plants. In getting them out I had to swim my horse, and thus came in for a considerable amount of moisture as well. There was nothing for it but to unload and dry the things, or at least reject the spoiled plants ere they spoiled aIL But as the collections were undone, matters were found not to be so bad as we, thought and in an hour we were on the road again. lam afraid the baggage was more loosely packed this tune, for as we passed over some smoulder ing ground one of the animalsgot a start, and in shying shifted the pack. Then commenced a brilliant equestrian display, in the way of buckjumpingand kicking; and in the end, when everything was swinging loosely about him, he started off full tear into the H*"* • x .We kePt hm in sight for a little time, every now and then some of our things flying into the air out of the packs. At last he disappeared. Leaving my companion to follow him, I returned to the melancholy task of picking up what few things I was likely to find. Just imagine what the task was of trying to find all sorts of articles, from a dinner knife to a compass, in a burnt country, or where the grass was as high and thick an an oat paddock, I shall never forget the miseries of that afternoon; the heat was fearful, with bush-fires all round, my com panion was away, the blacks were all around us, and I had nothing with me to scare them away. My task was to search for the scattered baggage and look after the horses. About nightfall I had recovered about half the things, and got them into a heap where I covered them with bark. My companion then returned; he had seen plenty •JPulJ* n»tlv«8» but the horse was gone with all the pack harness and one of the bags. Our fear was that he would get entangleOy the straps in the scrubs, and fall an easy nrey to the native spears. We had no means o* taking away any of the things we had recovered, so left them, and made our way to the nearest settlement, about seven miles away This we reached rather late, as our horses were thoroughly jaded, and after a well-earned night's rest went back to look for the horse and baggage. The first saved us any trouble by meeting us on the road about a mile from our camp. He was harnessed, but the bags were gone. How he had escaped the native spears is not easy to tdL The myalls had splared every horse that was left at large forVlong time previous, and that very day some had been seen prowling about the paddocks. How ever, all is well that ends weEL With few ex ceptions all my baggage was recovered, except a small number of mineral specimens, and most of the Herbertpn dried plants, kext day early I got into Cairns, and thus brought to an end a long, but to me a most interesting journey. " " ?J wnwJM °n]y to add something about the results of this. trip. First of all, with regard £k ??«? J"w?V 1 hKre M ******* expressed what I think about those of Herberton; but I cannot too emphatically repeat that we are only on the threshold of the mineral resources of the colonies. I mention this because it is as important for New South Wales as Queens land. A very large portion of both countries is taken up by granitic formations of pre "^thesame age and character as those of the Wild River. A good deal of it is covered by a thin crust of modern volcanic rock, and probably this will turn out to be the best and richest, because it is there that the alluvial or stream tin will have been least disturbed. But tin is not the whole; copper and silver will both be extensively found in Queensland be sideslead,antimony, rinc, and manganese. More than this, it only wants training under an ex perienced eye to show us how to collect and value the gem stones which are certainly abundant there. Amongst my collection I have many small sapphires and rubies, and there are lanre ones also easily to be found. In the granite of Cape Grafton there is a seam of graphite, and it would be worth while looking for diamonds in that neighbourhood. In short, to enumerate all the mineral riches of Queensland would make a long list. I can only repeat what I have said previously, that those mines already known arc permanent and of immense value the true extent of which is not even guessed as yet, and of the probabilities of mines still to be found. Queensland has a more reasonable prospect than any part of Australia. " Truly Queensland is a favoured colony. In her Southern districts she has coal in abun dance, or at good as any in Australia, and I should say as plentiful, with gold mines, and wonderful pastoral and agricultural lands. In her Northern districts she has gold, silver, tin, copper, lead, zinc, and antimony in abun dance, with perhaps coal, and certainly sugar lands that can vie successfully with the best of toe West Indies. If these things will not in the long run make the colony great, no material resources will At present capital and labour are wanting. It is no part of my enquiry to enter into the tangled skein of political prob lems which surround these latter questions. All I know is that everything seems to languish, and will languish until these wants are supplied in a mea sure far beyond what colonists are able just now to foresee. But one thing Ido understand, for the recollection is most pleasantly impressed upon my memory, and that is that Queensland 13 a delightful country in which to live, and its people make it so. The climate certainly is warm, but the welcome everywhere, the kindness, open-hearted sym pathy make everything else easily forgotten. In spite of many privations and much rough travelling, I must say that I always turned from Queensland with a lingering regret that was only brightened by the hope that I should again visit the place and its people before long. With this hope still fresh I close my account of a visit to the Wild River." 