THE rendents of BaUarat and Creswick would very much like to have from the Minister of Agriculture a definite answer to the following questions. Does In intend to advise the rescinding of die recent proclamation closing die Ballarat and Creswick State Forest 1 Or, does be rather intend that that proclamation shall continue to have all die force which it was intended to convey when originally adopted 1 It may seem a little hasty to submit these questions to Mr YOUNG, as only last Friday be was " exploitering " the forest in a buggy and pur to judge for himself what would be the wisest cour&e; to pursue in this connection. But a little haste in this case is perfectly excusable, in view of a few facts which may be mentioned, without in any way weakening the dignity which surrounds the Ministerial office. There are two versions before tha community as to the course which Mr YOIISG has decided upon in this matter. One was supplied by our Creswick correspondent lost Monday morning; and it was, that Mr YEUNG had distinctly promised that the proclamation should be so far revoked that cutters and carters would be allowed to take live and dead timber from the forest, conditional (bat no .timber was cat down which was under the regulation size—namely, 18 inches. Tius was the tale told by our Creswick correspondent; and he is not in the habit of drawing the long bow, or throwing tbe venerable hatchet. In ords, Mr YOCKG must have said something of the above sort when be was oat last Friday, or out correspondent would baldly have sent us what, we published in our Monday's issue. Bat since then another version of the ease" bas appeared; and the effect of the late tale is to completely neutralise all which. our correspondent bad- to 8»y previously on tbe (utject In Tuesday's Telegraph itrwasannounced that the rnnlt of -Mr YOUSG'S visit to the Ballarat and Cieswuk State forest is that he does not see causa to recommend tbe (evocation of the order dosing the forest" Meanwhile, the Argus has poured forth half -a column upon tbe natter without being' at all definite in its utterances one way or- the . other febout it Now, this forest" qoestum is one of really vital importance to''a large" number of pe^onzin tfeiaa&d; the neSghborinj; dirtririh Itisa qtustionof bread «m better, or nt> bread and butter, to a B teimber of poor, hard-woridng, wdutrious baffiM: it u a quee- ^ ^ OM^enble u^orbuice to all dotanrtic cirdea ih .jvbicb; firewood n rned, for .firewood bat idvaneedin-ixice since the foreat wa* it is a qaestion-nlfR) of -to .th^ i mumty, ^timber Ub have been dray and faiildfr repairer, and to the blacteroith, as these trades most be deeply affected, for good or evil, -by wli&t; is the issue of this disturbance to their businesses. Such being the importance, then, of this matter, we don't think we are asking too much when we make the following reqoest—the more especially as folly five days have elapsed EINCE Mr YOUNG travelled through the forest in the baggy and pair, to see and judge for himself what wonld be the wisest coarse to take, and, therefore, he -has had time to come to a decision. And the request we have to make iff, that Sir YOUNG shall at once let the public know what conclusion he has come to upon this forest question—whether the forest is really to be thrown open, under scch condition as our Creswick correspondent has said, or whether the proclamation is to stand unrevoked, as the Tel&fraph; alleges. What the public wants to know is which of these two tales is the correct one; and, under all the circumstances which we have described above, we do not think wa are asking too much, or showing undue haste, ia pressing for this important and highly necessary information to be supplied immediately by the Minister of Agriculture. What should be the response to this request can be easily enough described. The proclamation should be revoked, and the forest thrown open, jostas our Creswick correspondent declared Mr YOUNG had promised to-do. Whatever little dead timber may be lying within the area should be available to the carters of wood; and whatever live timber has grown beyond the regulation siz< namely, 15 inches, should be equally open to the timber-cutters to deal with. Furthermore, a winnowing out of some of the saplings, under judicious regulations and proper supervision, ehoold be allowed, not only because this timber would lie useful for trade purposes, but also because its removal would check those bosh-fires which are of annual occurrence in this area of countay, and thus prevent that destruction of all sizes of trees which there bash-fires cause so periodically, prodigiously, and vexatiously. Indeed, forest conservation can only be really secured by the forests being dealt with in this way, because if a dense upper and lower growth is allowed to go on, half the timber that has grown, or will yet grow, will be destroyed by these bush-fires, without anybody benefiting a groat by Nature's bounty in this direction. What, therefore, should be the response by the Minister of Agriculture to the questions which we submit'to him above, is plain enough, and there is not an atom of reason why they should receive any other reply. The forest should fce thrown open upon the terms which our Creswick correspondent described, because that is really the only practical and rational way to deal with this matter. And we trnst this will be the decision of the Minister, seeing what strong grounds there are in its support, and what a number of people will be severely and even heartrendingly affected by any other ruling. But whatever may be the Minister's decision, let the public know wh^t it is without any further delay. For at present the whole thing is in a state of perplexity and doubt, owing to the two versions which have appeared in print; and this uncertainty is eminently unsatisfactory and vexing. THE Australian statistics for the year 1881 have just been issued, and although they are rather dry material to wade through, nevertheless they contain much that, if not very readable, is at all events instructive. From the figures thus supplied, we come to know how these colonies stood in population and available resources at tbe end of 1881, with much other pregnant information added. We present a few of these figures to our readers, today, withholding any comment—that is at any length—becausc there is no room left to us for euch a purpose. Taking population fora start,we find the following numerical information supplied of the inhabitants of these colonies, the wild portion of the blacks beingof course excluded: — Victoria, 882,232; New South Wales, 781,265; Queensland,. 226,968; South Australia, 293,297; Western Australia, 32,359; Tasmania, 118,923; New Zealand, 500,910—total of all, 2,835,954. This was the population at the end of 1881, of Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand; and how rapidly the increase is going on, will be gathered from the number of births during the same year. Of these there were, in Victoria 27,145; in New South Wales, 128,993; Queensland, 8220; South Australia, 10,708; Western Australia, 1005; Tasmania, 3918, and New Zealand, 18,732 —total births, 98,72L Meanwhile the deaths woe—in Victoria, 12,302; New South Wales, 11,536; Queensland, 3320; South Australia, 4012; Western Australia, 412; Tasmania, 1733; and New Zealand, 5491—total deaths, 38,806. It will thus be seen that the births exceeded the deaths by 59,915 during 1881—an excess which proves the population of this part of the world to be active and progressive. Next we come to marriages, which show a veiy fair proportion to the ex:ent of the population. Thus in Victoria during 1881 there were 5896 marriages, in New South Wales €284,' in Queensland 1703, in South Australia 2308, in Western Australia 197, in Tasmania 856, aad in New Zealand 3281—total of those couples who plnnged into matrimonial felicity daring 1881, 20,52$ New £outh 'W*les 4i*s> the best of these figures, die more especially when th? difference ^ population is taken into account; anditis entitle<d to all praise for acting in so go-ahead end sensible a fashion. Tbe revenues of the colonies-during 1ISJI amounted in the gross to X20J613J672, m«de up as follows :—Victoria, £5,186,011; New South Wales, £6,714,327; Queensland, £2,023,668; South Australia, £2,171,988 ; Western Australia, £254,313; Tasmania, £605,873; New Zealand, £3,757,493. Ben again New South Wales takes the lead ; bat this is 'eanly accounted for by the tomeadons sales of land whnb are con stantly going on in that colony. There is &o; other way of accounting Cor it, because it is shown by the figures befora ua that die taxation par bead is precisely the same in New South Wales as it is in Victoria—namely £2 6s 7d per; year—which we would advise those £ree-faraders whoareamoog us to think omiiMlligBst^tbwliasnie. Meaner in 1681, the expenditure of the N«n—in Victoria, £5,108,622; \- New fioirth Wales, £5,250.000; in Q«eeoduidr£l. j r57,654iin Sootb Australia, £2,054,285; in Western Austra- lia, £197,386; in Tasmania, £468,613;' and in New Zealand, £3,675,797—total j expenditure, £18,512,377. The colonies in the mass thus kept well within their revenues during 1881, as their receipts in the gross were £2,101,295 above their disbursements. The public debts of the colonies totalled £95,9S8,6S2 at the end of 18S1, made up as folio-re: — Victoria, £22.426,502 ; New South Wales, £16,947,119: Queensland, £13,245,150; South Australia, £11,196,800; Western Australia, £511,000; Tasmania, £2.003,000: and New Zealand, £29,659,111. New Zealand tops the list here, Victoria coming up in the rear as a very good second. Turning now to another branch of the figures, we find the exports thus outlined: — Victoria, £1G,252,103; New South Wales, £16,049,503; Queensland, £3r540,366: South Australia, . £4,407,757; Western Australia, £502.770; Tasmania, £1,555,576; and New Zealand, £6,060,866 — total exports, £4S,36S,941. The imports were— into Victoria, £1G,718 521; into New South Wales, £17,409.326; intoQoeensland, ££,063,625; into South Australia, £5,244,064 ; into Western Australia, £404,831 ; into Tasmania, £1,431,144 ; into New Zealand, £7,457,045 — total imports, £52,72S,556. Here are big figures to read — figures which tell of great industrial activity, and of great progress in every other way— figures, which all who have made these colonies what they are, may well read with pride, leavened to a very considerable extent with pleasure. Bat these figures do not exhaust the voluminous returns before us. They only deal with half of them, leaving a balance that is no less glowing and instructive But the remainder of these, huge numerals we must leave for -another day, as we have now devoted as much space as we can afford to these statistics. The sum of all that is given above is, that the Australian colonies are making tremendous headway in all that goes to swell tbe mundane interests of man; and it is satisfactory to find that all of them are running about an equal race in this groove, or material direction. That is to say, ell tbe Australian colonies are .foiging ahead on parallel lines, so that the advancement of the one is- happily refisxed by the other's progress. The animal chow of the BaUarat Agricultural ami Pastoral Society opens to-day, at the yards at Weodource. Tbe entries, as we have already intimated, are very numerous, being three times as many as at the sheep show recently held in the metropolis. The increasing success tliat has attended this society's show each Fucceeding year promises that this one, to be opened to-day, will in interest outvie the others. The Ballarat Society's show, " owing to the attention paid to the convenience of breeder, ami the liberal prizes offered, baa attracted exhibitors and visitors from all parts of Victoria and many portions of neighboring colonies. Such a collection of valuable stock as will be seen to-day at the show-yards could not be seen anywhere else in the world, probably, and it is therefore not surprising that visitors are attracted from all the colonies to it. The yards are in good order, despite the weather, and thanks to the capabilities of the new aheep- Bhede, the stock can be exhibited to advantage. The show will open at ten this rooming, when the jadging will commence, and to-day is what ia known as judging day. It-is anticipated that to-morrow there will be a large attendance c f the public. An impudent and characteristic attempt bas been made by a local mornicg journal to sow dissension between the Miners' Association and the employers of its members, by stating that a Mine-owners' Association u about to be formed for the purpose of counteracting the influence -of tbe former, more especially in connection with, the late increase of wages asked for aad gracefully grafted in the Crcswick district. The wish for each an organisation, no doubt, inspired the writer of the article in yesterday morning's issue, hot we are pleased to state that no such scheme has been mooted amongst the leading mining capitalists, who are perfectly satisfied with tbe present harmonious relations existing between miners and their employers. Mr Dan. Sweeney, tlian whotn.no one has been a greater favorite in sporting circles, died yesterday morning at his residence in Lyons street. A few years after his arrival here in tbe days of the gold excitement, he started bnEiness in tie Black Hill Blanghteryard. While in this business he took great interest in cricket and other athletic sports. Indeed he was tbe principal projector in tbe formation of the present fine BJlarat ericketgronnd in Ballarat East, and in the days of Tommy Wills and others he was one of the colony's best cricketers and its best wicketkeeper. After captaining the district teams for yeare, he retired from active sendee, bnt continued to exhibit a lively interest in the game, and " Dan," even ap to last season might have been seen an anxious spectator of the principal ma tehee in Melbourne between Shaw's eiven and the colonies. He bas done very great service to the Ballarat Cricket Club, and his name will long be remembered by local cricketers aad sportsmen. Mr Sweeney subsequently kept the North Grant hotel, acd both previous and subsequent to this bad many ops anil downs in life. His death yesterday occurred at a ripe old age, tbe immediate cause being an internal affection. He leaves a widow and three children, all well provided for. The Minister of Mines has defcided to cause criminal proceedings to be initiated against Luke Spargo, engine-driver at the claim of the Parker's United Cold Mining Company, at Gordon, for alleged negligence, resulting in tbe death of Charles NeaL Baron Von MufM«i -Government botanist, lectured on the flora o! Australia; at the School of Mines, last night, to a vcrjr large audience, it teing tbe_ eighth entertainment given in connection with that institution for the present season. The lecturer detailed the • plants indigenous to the Australian colonies, giving attractive accounts of them.. Tio andiencelistened to his remarks with: mock attention, dwelling, as they Aid, so in-' tcratbglyoamrngetsbU kingdom. The next lecture i« announced to tale place on tbe 27th instant, by Professor Smith, the anbject then to be dilated upon bong Goia."- Shortly after ten o'clock yesterday morning a fire broke oat £n a Wooden house near the Scandal* claim, at Seaisdale, and the dace was soon burnt down. The ; borne lehngedrto Meaata W. ..aad A. ifoug, and was occupied by a Carnimin named King Son, who bas lost everything bnt the clothes he was working, in at {the time, including two seti of harness, bedding, Ac., Afire was; left burning in the dumsiy.aiM ititnppoaed ih^tapiece e{tasraBgwood Wlmt andaetthe place on fire. The Bef ormabxy boy, Beid, who escapod from the Jtcfomabny .atul the police aome months ago, yesterday morning early again escaped frotntegal cnitody. He broke into the storeroom at tbe Reformatory and stole a anitof clothes, and then arraying bimself in tbe atolrn articles bolted- Up to a,late honr last night thr young ruffian bad not been apprehended. It srill be remembered that when tewuMtftona alter bislaat no table exploit (bolting front the City lodc-op) be gave the police no.£tde.ln>uble. and aoUe-< wbat injoredtwooftfaem. Heuadespcrate youngster, amd rtated then thai if be^ot away again and could obtain, - gaa or pistol, ha would take tbe life jwyons who tried to arrest him. Beid ts described-aa "about seventeen years o( aga, S feet 4 inches high, afoot build, b«~ small dark tanklisg < abort dark tgir." He was awruc -S felt bat when boapdoC. The sorely faadiarirfngiBnt of the ra baUgiven to Mr thaB^MisJ. aad JU« H. Wilaoe : been appropriated to the aflrer and jeoSttn amrica, bteethe with* tray ta match,which JU*intended for tbe artidts included in thg aenioe bears the monogram of tbe intended recipient, whilst! an inscription Getting forth ' -• the reason of ' - tbe TOucwiir is well executed on the tray forming portion of it. Tbe presentation is on view at the establishment of Messrs Eyres Brothers, Start street 'and it forma a feature amongst a varied and attractive exhibition of other articles of a aomewhatjeimilar nature. Tile-electric telegraph office at the Ballarat Show-yards will oe open for business today- aad to-morrow, from ten a. in. to five p.m. There will be no delivery on the ground by messenger, but a list of the names of persons for whom telegrams may be waiting will be posted up in tbe window of the office. The office is next to that of Mr Simon Morrison, the secretary. A respectable-looking woman, named Bridget Aylas, was bronght before the City bench yesterday, on a charge of having behaved in an insulting manner in a public place. After bearing tbe evidence, which which tendered touching the case, the presiding justice, Mr Campbell, discharged the accnecd, he being of opinion that the charge was not sustained. Mr Alfred Sutton, of the firm of B. H. Sutton and Co., cf this city, was yesterday married to Miss Treloar, at tbe residence of tbe bride's father, Skipton street. There w&s; a large assemblage of the friends of tbe bride and bridegroom, and the marriage ceremony was performed by the Ber. J. Cope, Wesley an minister. Macy valnable presents wen made to the bride. Mr and Mrs Alfred Sutton left in the afternoon for Lome, where they will spend their honeymoon. We learn by telegram that a very successful meeting of the shareholders of the Australian Widows' Fond was held yesterday afternoon, in Melbourne. Tbe result was that £5000 was placed to the reserve fund, £13,093 "allotted amongst membeai as a bonus. In consequence of Judge Trench bong detained by the extension of the coart at Horsham, the Ballan and Blackwood County Court, fixed to be held to-day baa been -postponed nntil Monday next Soitots will accept this intimation. Some thief lias been engaging himself pretty actively Little Bendigo way lately. The huts of some miners working at tbe Yorkshire Reef were entered a few days ago, and some articles of wearing apparel were stolen therefrom. Besides this aome of' tbe appliances at their claim were atolen. _ It is believed the police have a clue to the thief. A young man named William Head, of Head and party, Smytbesdale, when yesterday standing near a puddling machine, fell into it, and,' before the machine could be stopped, he got his right leg broken. He was taken to the Ballarat Hospital, where he received the attention his condition demanded. The midday train which arrives in Beaufort at twelve noon fell in with an unfortunate obstruction on tbe line yesterday, that is so far. as the obstruction was Concerned. When distant abons 409 yards -from tba stations tov wandered tin so the line of rails, and although the engine-driver shut off steam and* reversed the gear, it rras too late; for after coming in contact with -tbe cow, the engine earned it about a dozen yards in front. Tbe cow was then crushed to death between the fire-box and cirri age-way, a portion of its tail being cat off by the wheels. No injury was sustained either by the train or passengers. Two apparently unreformable young fe males, named Jane Jones, aged twenty, and Citheriae Ashton, eighteen, fanner inmates oi the Ballarat Female Befuge, were arrested yesterday morning by Constable Thompson on a charge tti Stealing a dress and a pair of boots from that institution. The girls, taking advantage of their knowledge of the institution, are believed to have' jumped tbe fence, and then to have committed the theft. Mr J. M"Cirtney, proprietor of the wellknown coachbmldlug establishment in Mair street, was yesterday morning presented by kisjemploy^s with a large framed picture, containing the whole of their photographs neatly executed by Messrs Richards and Co., as a mark of esteem, and also to show the good feeling existing between their employer and themselves. The ceremony tseile place in connection with MrM'Cartney's wedding, which auspicious event was subsequently celebrated, tbe bride bong M*ea M. A. Thomas, daughter of Mr I). Thomas, butcher, of Mair street The presentation was made on behalf of the donors by Mr Slater, cne of the oldest employes at the establishment, and it was preceded by a sumptuous repast at which Mr Bannister took the chair. t Mr JohnDrife, the president of the Talboishire Council, was dnly sworn in ss a justice of the peace, by Mr Thomson, P.M., yesterday, at Clones, and occupied a seat on the beach during the hearing of the police court basmesB." A social Stanhope phaeton, possessing aims excellent workmanship, bas just been completed to the order of a Melbourne merchant at the coach-building establishment of Mr W. Proctor, Doveton street Its construction contains a feature unknown to the general ran of vehicles of this description. This consists of tbe fruit or box esat being so divided that when necessaiy it may- be lapped over, and a seat in the rear swung round, in order to admit of passengers to the front of the vehicle from the hack. By this means the inconvenience suffered in ascending the front portion of the carriage, when climbing over the fore-wheels may be entirely avoided. The whole concern is worked by the driver by simply pulling a handle which is fixed near him. A most successful ball, under the auspices of tbe Orpheus quadrille club, was held in Orpheus Hall, Raglan street last Taesday evening. Between .forty and forty-five couples were present and dancing wis kept up till fire o'clock with much vigor. During the evening, MrR. Nansoawen, treasurer, on behalf of the gentlemen members of the club, presented Mr Bararmge, M.C., with a handsome colonial gold albert "chain, as a token of the respect and esteem in which be is held by the members of the club. Mr S. Roberts, on behalf of tbe ladies, presented him with asplendid colooialgoldlocket wbich was tendered as an emblem of the good feelings of the ladies of the clnb. The catering, in the bands of Mr Beid, waa moA satisfactory, and a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him. A vote of was also earned to the musiciaur, viz., Messrs Rose, Painter, and Prout, which finished a meat' icjoyaUe gathering. We wcrejOiosvn yesterday by the inventor, Mr W. J. bspve, a model of an improved sheep-waggon, which will be exhibited to-lay at the show. The waggon contains ten campsxtments, in each of which there Will be afnple room for two sheep. A crank axle is used, and tbe tailboard can be converted into footway for tbe sheep from the ground to the waggon. "The division* ia it can be removed, and tbe vehicle used for, bousing rams in winter, or for other purposes. The inventor's idea a to supply a waggon for' conveying valuable aheep to shows, and its roominess appears well; ajapted„for this purpose, when it is of great importance that irin &eep; cfaooi& be carefully handled and aken care of. Strom appsacaneea the waggoa is calculated to be a very useful xinp, and fp do ill that is claimed tor it by the inventor, whiywe understand, waa for a long time in the employmtnt ef Mr j. L Carrie, jthel wdlimown sheep-breeder of 2ara. Mr R, Howie, the weU^nowh tKrtpetraioer, recmtly rf X>owling 7brc*tv now •s inmate of a lunatic asylum at Sydney,; Tbe brotha in connection with tbe Baitirat Turf Club and Hunt Clnb run woe sold by auction yesterday by Mr S. Hol^ate, bnt to •coosequcBce of the acant'ptibhcity given to tha sale, there waa ccly a small attendance; <apd the prices realised mn WIJJ low:—No. I booth was sold to Mr Chinoery for £21; So. 2. Mr J.-Hoonan, £17; No. Mr J. Gaaey, £15: gates, Harrison- and £30; shilling reserve, Harrison and Co., £70; coCwataMbT. HawUm, £tl0s; Imx&eoc; booth, Hr T. Hawkins, The right to tiA^ofe^lrtovritlidaWpL - Since the amoral jot Dr Jordan, JJft, to Ballarat, the Want Of anutbia lerideot jasto has hem often felt ;in Smytharislr. SUMI memorial has consequently beeu sameroosly General to appoint Dr Bnbert Stewart • justice of the peace for tibe baUdrii^. Dr ^oU^inmwnl aaMhetSoB, aad b|sdcttedastbos* sf «a«pqght aUtmpartial oaZtarsday to tbaAIoL Ak-ate wafcxmcaedmgto CtdasfK OaidHMilA* r tag steamer, having % tonrJ/tjt tawy- VBaa Immm- was- taimsiMiaa^T^ Hbfa.' 1 tolas daeqtioR,i wbes>. 1em» jmw^ Stm. tba tan to each otter: The baices the" ran full tilt into the Alert, and damaged her hull considerably. The passengers en the Alert were considerably alarmed. A concert was held ia the Primitive Methodist schoolroom, Hnmfiray street, last evening. and proved a success, being attended by a good aad appreciative audience. . Mr J. Jolly occupied the cbair, and a vfery interesting programme was rendered by the choir and elocution class. Mr R. Thompson presided at the organ with more than his usual ability. Tha benediction brought the meeting to a close. The' Bev. C. Robinson, Presbyterian clergyman, of Creswick, had a misunderstanding with some of bis Sunday-school teachers last Sunday evening, with reference to tbe nee of the church harmonium. The result is that he bas left for Melbourne, and will tender his resignation at the next meeting of the Ballarat Presbytery. The trustees of the SmythesdaleandScaredale cemetery, having a little money on band, have decided to carry out some improvements to the ground^ *nd intend to have the main walk from the front entrance to the top of the cemetery asphalted. Mr Alex. Taylor has promised two prizes for competition at tbe Bardie's Hill Agricultural Show, of equal value. The one ia for the best yearling by Confusion, out of a thoroughbred mare, and tbe other is for tbe best yearling, sot thoroughbred, by Confusion. Both prizes are on view at the establishment of Messrs A- Marks and Co., Cobb'e Corner. We are requested to direst attention to an advertisement which appears in another column, ennoancing that from this date the Ar<jw) will be delivered in Ballarat erery morning immediately after the arrival of the 9.30 train from Melbourne. The Bendigo papers are " off their heads" about the lata Dean Baekhans. Tbe space they have devoted to tbe deceased priest's funeral, and everything connected with him, is something tremendous. In our report of the meeting Ballarat District Licensed Victuallers' Association on Wednesday, the following names of elected new members were omitted:—Mr William Porter, Camp hotel, Smytbesdale; Mr Jas. Delaoey, Lady Franklyn hotel, Scotchman's; Mr CoHas, Eari of Zetland, Bridge street; MrCostelio, British hotel, Doveton street; Mr W. H. Marsh, Myrtle hotel, Sturt street The Montague-Turner opera company ia playing to crowded bouses in Sydney. The Argus throws aome light npoa the circular re Irish emigration, to which we referred yesterday. Our contemporary says that the Imperial Government has powers under the Irish Land Act to promote and to pay for a large emigration of the impoverished tenants of the Kmerald Isle, and that Lord Kimberley has informed tbe Governors of the Australian that the emigration committee appointed nnder the Act is conferring, or is abeu^to confer, with the various agentsgeneral or! thesubject. A telegram is the Ag: bom Thomborough (Queensland) eays tint over 100 blacks have entered that towrcahip in a state of endity, and declaring that they we starving. The police (says the Argas) are still prosecuting their enquiries into the causes of the death of Francis TTeensr, who died suddenly in very great pain on the railway works between Wicklitfis road and GITO Thompson, on the I9th February, 1879. It is believed the unfortunate man was poisoned with arscoic. Suspicion is directed aganiet R. F. Burns, now under committal on the charge of the murder of Michael Qninlivan. The body of Heenao has been buried about three years and a half, but It will be exhumed in order to ascertain whether any traces can be discovered. Sir Henry Partes (says the HeraM) is no itter. There are no immediate prospccts of his recovery. Amongst those who visited him on Wednesday morning was . Dr Vaughan, the Roman Catholic Archbishop. The Government (says the Age) was asked ia the Assembly on Tuesday what steps it was intended to take with reference to tbe completion "of the Parliament Homes. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, in replying, said that the Government were of opinion that the House should have an opportunity of discussing the matter before thiey took any action, and be was quite willing to' give an opportunity to do this next night or oa Thursday, '•f 1 he Ballarat Miners' Association (says the A r<7E/;0 have informed the Minister of Mines that tbey approve of the regulations which have recently been issued regarding tbe importation, storage, and use of nitro-glycerine compounds. Shortly after four o'clock on Tuesday morning an astronomical phenomenon (says the Galong Advertiser) was witnessed by a gentleman, who was walking along Malop street east >n the shape of a ball of lire of an intensely whitish-blue color, which shot down suddenly from the dry, and burst in mid-air, scattsriiig into a brilliant ehower of red and white sparks. Immediately it dropped, in a northerly dirertion, a star shot rapidly across its course" from north to south. Tbe occurrence was so unusual that the .solitary spectator was for the moment somewhat startled. The stars were shining brightly at the time, and tbe sky was almost cloudless. At the meeting of t£e Church of England Assembly on Tuesday, tbe Argus says the Bev. R. G. Burke submittal a motion affirming tin desirability of endeavoring to effect a re-union between the Church of Kngland and the. Methodist bodies, and in the course of the discnnioD which ensued, the bishop gave expression to his earnest desire to sea aomethisg dooe towards -the attainment ofthe object indicated in the motion, and expressed tbe opinion that in course of tints the various bodies would be drawn more closely together. He also referred to certain remarks which bad been made as to his attitude towards the Nonconformist denominations in connection with the education question. Mr J, B. Miller, farmer, of .Murtoa, has been requested and consented (says the Age) to contest tin aeat in the Assembly now occupied 1>y Mr W. O'Callaghwi. Mr Miller has hid twenty years* experience ia shire matters, and has been closely identified with the district He will contest the seat in the Liberal interest . . A gentleman whoae business called him to the Glenmaggie district a few days ago, informs the GippsSand Mercury (bat he came across quite a natural curiosity about a mile from tut township. This was a log absolutely petrified as hard as h stone. It was embedded in the Me of tbe bill, "about three feet of the-end projecting in a sliuiting direction above the ground, the .toz*beiag about 18 inches & diameter.; Oar informant could not be quite certain as to the character of the wood, bnt thinks that it wassbmethinglike stringy bark from its grain. It has probably bsen petrified ages ago, and brought down to its present position in one of the great alluvial drifts. . "A spedd meeting .of the council of tbe School of Mines will be beid attheBchocl on Saturday, tba 16th instant at half-past three o'clock p.TO., for the purpose of considering tbe advisability of rescinding the. icsplatiMi with regard to the professors, acd of -talking/fresh arrangements to fill the vacancies: Tbe celebration of tha EogiDe-driver*' saocsation soaincn^r 'Trill tak£ place on Friday ^nact' in ,'tbe^i»tnibty-ro«ii of the Alfred Hall, by • Miixe, concert and ball An exoellent prqgrainme his been arranged, td t^Hon. Itajor Smith will preside. • A ^complimentary dinner will be tendered to Mr B. Bbevidan s£ tbe &eb;*stopol Town' Hall tins^evening. A meeting of ths coimnittee of the Hunt Club ball will be bdd at Craig's botol next Friday evening at eight o'clock. A chea taMMsament between, the Mechanics' Institute players and thoajrtf Smy thesdale wilLtabs jilce at the Mechanics' Jhstitnto to-morrow evening. Considerable interest in chess circlet attaches to thiscaa- Tb« half yearly meeting of tiri Ballarat ooiig Menli Christian - Aaanesatum will be adtbisavealn^ wWall membsraa Roosted ^Dj^ttdwL 