THE MAITLANDS. Br Fbake Mobixt. " Wdl, good bye, old fellow. I -nidi I could go wife you. I hear fee snipe are vfery thick . up at Bargooma, don't forget to send me down a few brace if you have any luck." "I won't forget," said Victor Levison to his friend Inspector - Smith, of fee Detective force who had accompanied him as far as fee Spencer- street Station. "And, I say, old boy, 11 continued the detective, who looted more like a doctor or a lawyer, than a member of the force," dont be irmVinjT love to fee gretty girl in the next carriage who, I accidentally heard, is bound for fee same hospitable house as yourself." "No fear of that" said Levison wife a smile; "you know I am a confirmed woman hater." " I know you say so; but methinks you do protest too mnch'Boznetimes." " I never was more in earnest; and,- if it was not that I bad promised my old friend Campbell to pay hini .a visit, I should feel half inclined to pbstpone my holiday until I' was sure feat the coast was clearof girls who' are the special plagues sent by i unkind ! pravidente to pniush os for our ana." - Victor Levison was a handsome young fellow of five and twenty, and as the train moved away from the Spencer-street Station, be lay back with a half resigned half melancholy air and lit a cigar which he smoked in a semi- unconscious fashion while he gazed out at the Shifting panorama which he evidently saw only with his physical organs, while his spiritual facilities were engaged in some introspective problems. He looted a very well-to-do gentleman too; and one npoa whom the cares of this world sate lightly. Above the middle height, well formed and athletic, there was something in his face which denoted the man of thought as well as of action. There was a frank look in bis clear grey eyes that inspired confidence, while they had a knack of blazing np suddenly at any excitement, or sparkling with fan when the occasion offered, which formed a happy contrast to their habitual look of calm thoughtfulness. The second son of Gilbert Levison, Victor had chosen the profession of a barrister, and if he had only devoted his energies and talents to his profession, he would probably have made his mark in it; but he was something of a dreamer, and, if he had decided for the law, it was only to escape from a . profession even more distasteful. He courted the muses, which was sufficient to put him outside the pale of decent society; and men who dealt in coals by the wholesale, or who trafficked in beef and mutton, while still in the condition of bullocks and sheep, or who made their fortunes by the careful selection of ewes and rams, looked upon him with a sort of contemptuous pity, as much as to say: " wdl, there's a clever sort of ne'er-do-weel, who writes books and poems and that sort of trash instead of buying and selling and making money—he'll come to no good I" This sort of thing in the abstract, did not annoy Victor Levison—it rather amused him; but when it came to interfering between him and the girl he loved, it caused a bitterness in his heart, which occasionally found vent in bitter and caustic words, and intensified the feeling of antagonism already existing. "I wonder whothegirlis, that Smith spoke of," murmured Levison, as he pitched his cigar out of the window, and yawned prodigiously. "Going to Archie Campbell's is she? Governess perhaps; and good-looking, Smith says. Well if she is—and I must say Smith has a tolerable taste in womankind— I may perhaps fall in love with her, out of sheer spite. Yei I can't help thinking that there must have been some underhand influence at work, to make Lucy break off our engagement. The last time I saw her, poor girl, she seemed nearly heart-broken. Xswear she loves me, and I know I lore her; then what the . . . but there? cursing won't mend matters—let me read her letter again." " Dearest Victor— If you knew the grief that fills my heart while I write this letter, which is to release you from our engagement, yon would pity me. I am torn between my love and my duty. I love you, Victor, I love you; and I am not afraid to say so, for you are gcod and noble, and I gave you my heart, when you told me, in your own sweet passionate words, that you loved me. Oh, Victor, do not think harshly of me. Bear with me, though I cannot reveal to you the cause of our separation. It is—it must be, God help me—enough that I can never marry you. My load is sufficiently heavy to bear m parting with you, without feeling that you think unkindly of me. Let us meet no more, for I fear myself. My tears blot out the words, as I write farewelL—Tour ? ? own, Lucr." " Poor girl!" said Levison, as he kissed the letter, while a not nnmanly tear mingled with those of his love which already stained the unconscious paper," poor girl! it is now nearly twelve months since she wrote that letter, and I have never heard of her since in spite of Hie utmost efforts of Inspector Smith and the whole of the detective staff. I wonder what can be the duty she talks about. I expect some of her relations have been telling her that I am not exactly orthodox—a sort of Bohemian, which, to some minds, is equivalent to heathen—and she considers it her duty to tear herself away from the world, the flesh, and—the devil in the shape of myself. But then, so far as I know, she had no relations except her father and mother; the father I never met, and although the old lady was extremely orthodox, albeit, I must confess, a little vulgar, it never struck me that she had any objections to a Bohemian son-in-law. Well 1 well! I give it up." and Victor Levi son resigned himself with a sigh to the task of smoking a second cigar. In the meantime the train sped on its way at the usual high rate of speed adopted «n the Victorian Sail ways of about ten miles an hour, pulling up every eight or nine miles to put down or take up some passenger, and making the most hideous and blood-curdling noises at every stoppage, with an abominable contrivance which is dignified with the name of a break. Fast interminable paddocks enclosed by post and rail fences, wherein sheep and cattle grazed in peace, apparently indifferent to the huge monster which rushed frantically by them belching forth fire and smoke; past queer little melancholy looking huts, like glorified dog kennels, standing in solitary grandeur on bleak-looking plains, and each bearing witness to the former existence ol a free selection, and the present existence of a freehold dummy block; past railg« upon miles of rich grazing land, where Herefords and short- horns waxed fat, whilie their owners were kicked by the friends of the people to eke out the balance of the proverb; past State schools, where the rising generation stopped playing for a moment or two to cheer the locomotive on its way, or yell defiance at the monster according to their humour for the time bang; past level crossitgs where queer old cripples, who were helpless enough to be members of Parliament, opened and shut the gates as if opening and shutting gates was the chief end of man; past grand-looking mansions, each of which some simple-minded squatter had built np in defiance of all the canons of art, and most of whom had died shortly after the erection of these palatial structures; past, or rather through endless miles of black wattles, planted apparently for the sole purpose of some day, adding fuel to a huge bush-fire, fated to coneume passengers and train in one vast holocaust; and then, after having religiously stopped fifteen times in less than a hundred and fifty miles, the panting engine pulls np at a sort of one-horse station, which is for the time being a terminus. Victor Levison was aroused from a reverie by the demand for his ticket, and then he found himself at the mercy of the cabmen who quarrelled over his gun-case and portmanteau and rug, until, having settled their dispute in their own way, he found himself seated in a melancholylooking cab vis a vis to the fair incognito, whose destination was the same as his own. CHAPTER H. Edward Haiiland was a wealthy landed proprietor in one of the richest pastoral districts of Victoria. He had one son, Walter, of whom he was not a little proud, but with whom he was, perhaps, a little severe. Mftitland plre was extremely afraid of his son Walter making a mesalliance—possibly, because he frimgglf had married his father's cook, and was afraid that such little peculiarties were hereditary. However that may be, Walter was perfectly certain, that if he-did many beneath him, his father would straighttvay cast bim off with the proverbial shilling. This was probably the reason why, with that strange perversity that makes the majority of people long for the precise thing that they are warned to shun, Mr. Walter Maitland fell over head and ears in love with the pretty daughter of John Morrison, a poor hut honest selector in Gipps Land. Walter was a romantic youth in those days—he was but twenty years of age—and it afforded him & strange and fearful delight to masquerade in h his shooting excursions tinder the name of Walter Brown. Under the name of Walter Brown he pretty Jane Morrison, and a straightway took a snug little cottage lor her j b in a suburb of Melbourne, ,, _ . W There Is np use of living nnderodrcum-, - stances which savour of the romantic, unless J b it is done properly; and, therefore, Walter made-np-his mind that he would keep his wife ignorant of what he considered his exalted origin ' until he became his own' master. In the meantime, he gave out that he was a commercial traveller for a soft goods house in the city. This was a very soft thing, indeed, if it had been analysed; but Mrs. Brown knew no more about softgoods than Mr. Brown, and she was, of course, under the impression that, when her husband was away visiting the paternal acres, he was perambulating the country in those gorgeous vehicles so .much affected by commercial gentlemen. The only person who knew of the little comedy, besides Walter was his cousin, Henry Maitland. Tears rolled on, but Mr. Walter Maitland, much to the surprise of his aristocratic friends, remained a confirmed bachelor. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Brown were blessed with one fair daughter, whom the perspicuous reader will immediately recognise as Lucy, who so strangely disappeared from the ken of her lover, Victor Levison. The auspicious birth of a daughter made an additional attraction to the romantic dove cote of Mr. Walter Brown alias Maitland. But Walter continued the even tenor of his way. He was happy in his cottage as Walter Brown, and he was happy on his father's station as Walter Maitland. In either case he was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic do", who hugged his own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come of it. All in good time he would appear as the prince in the fairy tale, and cany his astonished wife and no less astonished child to his palatial and ancestral home. But when one, with the best intentions in the world, bfegins telling lies, or living lies, things don't * pan out,' properly always. Ten years after his marriage Ins father died and he succeeded to the property. Now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wife; or whether, as some have whispered, that he had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own—accidental death we were going to say, but deliberate murder is the phrase required—he continued his dual existence. Walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and we don't believe a word about the rumoured second wife. His faults were numerous enough; but his principal weakness was a pernicious habit of ' letting things slide,' and shunting off work of any kind and responsiblities of all kinds on to other shoulders. The pair of shoulders which took the most of this work were those of his cousin Henry. Henry Maitland was a clever man with a keen, dark eye which, to a dose observer, had a slightly treacherous look, and his face, when he was not wearing his society mask, had a hungry avaricious expression. A good physiognomist would have said that he was a miser; a good phrenologist would have put him down as a first class murderer; they would both have been right. Henry Maitland had a badly balanced head. He had an abnormal development of two organs— very useful in their place but dangerous when in excess—acquisitiveness and destructiveness. Henry Maitland was Walters only surviving relative. If Walter died intestate he would succeed to the property. The only thing that stood in the way was the wife and daughter. How to get over this difficulty was the question. Watty old boy," said Henry with the assumption of bluff heartiness and good humour, which he adopted -always when not absolutely alone—this assumption of good natured Toughness was the mask under which he found it most convenient to do the meanest of his actiens—" Watty old boy, I want to talk seriously to you." "Oh bother 1 What is it?" " It is a matter which affects the welfare of your wife and child." 4 1 Of my wife and child?" said Walter muingly. " Yes I ought t* bring them up here. What does it matter how people will talk. Married for the last seventeen years under an assumed name. After all it will only be a nine days wonder. Yes, yon are quite right, Henry, I must bring them up at once." " That is a very good resolution, bravo I" cried Henry in his most honest and effusive style: I am glad to hear you talk like that, but that is not what I was thinking about, dear boy." " Of what then?" " Have you made your will, Walter ?" " No." "Careless fellow." " Why I don't look like dying, do I ?" " No, but we are all mortal, and if you were to die without making your will, see what possibilities of trouble might arise. You ought to think of your wife and daughter." " You are a good fellow Hany," said Walter impulsively. " let me do it at once; you're scribe enough for that I'm sure." " Of course I can de it," replied Harry slowly, " but had you not better get it done by a lawyer ?" " Oh, hang lawyers I They only' confuse things. Three lines will do it. I'll leave all my iproperty to Lucy, subject to the payment of £1000 -a year to my wife, and a thousand a year to you old boy, and the thing is done." " Well, yes, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, I'll draw np a will te-morrow." " Do, there's a good fellow, and then the thing will be off my mind." Next day Henry stayed at home, and Walter rode into the township upon some business. Henry was very busy all day writing out the will, in the most elaborate legal style, with the help of some legal handbook. After writing out one will, he wrote out another. In the first will he had disposed of the property as Walter Maitland instructed him. pi the second will, he transposed the names in such a way, as to leave the bulk of the property to "my cousin, Henry Maitland," and one thousand a year to Miss Jane Morrison, commonly known as Mrs. Walter Brown. The two pieces of foolscap were exactly the same in appearance to start with. Henry Maitland, to still farther increase the deception, made a series of elaborate, but apparently accidental, blotches upon (he first will; and then, with a most commendable patience, proceeded to make fac simile blotches upon the second will. The two wills were in appearance, identical. After he had finished is task, Henry went to the gun rack, took out Walter's breech- loader, and twk it down to the blacksmith's sh«p. There was nobody bout, as Henry had sent the blacksmith to ang a gate, at the extreme end of the run. ith some curious tools, he worked away industriously, at the inside of the left hand arrel, until he was apparently satisfied. k c n l When he had finished, there was a perceptible crack, or groove, in the barrel, about .six inches from the breeoh.; This crack he fillfid np .with grease, until it was no. longer to be seen, when looking through the barrel, and having finished his work to his entire satisfaction, he returned to the house, and replamd the gun in the rack. When Walter returned in.the evening, he read the will first written, with many groans at its length. - "That is about what you want, isn't it?": asked Henry cheerfully. " Oh yes 1" said Walter, throwing it on the table with a sigh, of relief. "I suppose you had better get in a couple of the men to witness it." Henry picked up the will, and walking carelessly over to the fire-place, rang the bell. It did not require much sleight-of-hand to conceal the will Walter had just-read, and return to his seat with the fac simile in his hand in place of the original. The housemaid now appeared in response to the ring, and she was instructed to send Thompson, the overseer, and Blake, the boundary rider, in. The fraudulent will waB lying on the table. In five minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in five minutes more it was securely locked up in Mr. Walter Maitiand's private safe. Then Mr. Henry Maitland planned a shooting excursion for the following morning. The most expensive guns are not absolutely safe ; and when Mr W alter Maitiand's dead body was brought into .the house, Henry Maitland said he would never have confidence in one of those new-fangled breech-loaders again. CHAPTER m. Victor Levison's curiosity had been, roused by the Tem&rk; of detective Smith as to the good-looking girl in the next carriage; and, therefore, when he found himself sitting opposite to the fair unknown, in a stuffy little cab, his first impulse was to try and get a look at her face. But in this he was completely baulked, for the young lady persistently kept her face muffled up in a thick veiL "She has got a pretty foot at all events," said Victor to himself," and a beautiful figure. The pose of her head is simply superb, and wliat lovely hair; the very colour of Lucy's." AU at once the thought rushed into Victor's mind—the conviction almost—that it was indeed Lucy. His heart felt strangely oppressed; his breath came in short quick gasps; his face flushed, and his fingers seemed to burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, the dress, the hair of the sweet girl who seemed to efface herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as far away from him]as possible. \- Lucy, on her part,)knew Victor; and all her passionate lore for him which, in the dear old days when there was no harrier between them, had been fed on honied words and kept alive by tender caresses—whose banished joys it was now an agony to remember—made her bosom swell and. her heart-throb painfully while she could hardly control the impulse to throw herself into her lover's arms, and sob out her agony on his bosom. Her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings found relief in a sigh which, hut for her fear of betraying herself, would have been a moan. Victor felt as if he was standing on a precipice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over. Three or four times he opened his lips to speak and as often the unspoken thought died -upon his lips. His heart beat furiously. If it was Lucy, and he allowed her to escape without spealang to her and en-, deavouring to dear up the mystery of her disappearance, he would curse his prudery as long as he lived. But, if the young lady, was a stranger, upon what possible pretext could he address her at alL And then it could not possibly be Lucy, or she would have spoken. Yet, in spite of ail his arguments against the possibility of its being the girl he loved, he felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere charged with -emotions such as he only felt when in the presenoe of one woman. The situation was becoming painfully' tense. The atmosphere of that .cab -was charged with love's-electricity, and it is difficult to say what would have happened if a lightning conductor, in the shape Of Henry Maitland had not entered the vdiicle at that moment. Henry Maitland was on his .way to Melbourne, and had. purchased his -ticket when he chanced to look into the lady's, carriage. He saw Lucy, and his guilty conscience, ever oil the watch-for possible discovery of his crimes, made him suspect that Lucy's appearance in the.district boded no goodforhim. -._•> After he had accomplished his purpose so cleverly, sf murdering his aousin, Walter by manipulating his breech-loader so artistically, he had interviewed Mrs. Walter: Brown, Lucy's mother. : He explained, to her. the exact position of affairs aa s candid friend. TTia explanation was charming in its simplicity, and oeuld not possibly have deceived i anyone bnt the simplerminded woman whom he took the tronble to deceive. - According to him Walter Maitland had married Jane Morrison under an'assumed name.'.: Walter Brown, in fact, had married Jane Morrison. Walter> Maitland hadTdied, and Walter Maitland being also Walter: Brown, it followed • that Walter Brown had died. But nobody, Walter Maitland as Walter Brown ex- - he frimnnH, Henry MaiUand ; andhe was ot .'only not going td identify Walter Maitand as Walter Brown, bat he would ibs»- m p lutely swear that no such identity existed. If; Bhe-persisted in claiming Walter,Maitland as . her husband he would denounce her as an: impostor, and .swear-that she, Mrs. I3rewn, was, Walter Maitiand's - mistress; that he knew Walter Brown well enough, and that he < had simply disappeared , in order to lend- a colour to her claim.-: He went so f.ir as to say that.she was not really married from, the fact of her having married .Maitland under the name.of. Brown. That Walter himself, was aware of this, and as damning evidence of that he produced the will, in which he had left to Miss Jane Morrison, commonly known as. Mrs. Walter Brown, £1000 per annum. All this was like a hideous dream, to Lucy's mother; and she was so overwhelmed with the apparent completeness of the thing, that she -was perfectly hdpless and utterly incapable of seeing.her way out of the difficulty. The one hideous appalling fact that stood out boldly in all the entangled, surroundings, and- stmck coldly to her heart and turned her head dizzy, was that she ,was not married to the father of the child, and that her child was a bastard. She dared not tell Lucy, but in her feverish mutterings when the terrible blow laid her upon a bed-of .sickness, her daughter gathered so much that Bhe was compelled to tell her all—and believing herself that she had been deceived, the sad story was imparted in such a way that Lucy was compelled, in spite of herself, to think the same. It was a crushing blow to the poor girl. She was so proud of her father, so fond of her mother. And to think that all this time her father had lived a lie! But when she thought of her love—of Victor—it almost drove her mad. There was but one thing to be done. They must disappear from the scene and blot out the past; they could live where their story was unknown. Parting with Victor was the severest trial, but she could not endure the thought of linking her sullied name to that of the man she loved too well to drag down to her level. Thus she wrote her parting letter to Victor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her. Lucy and her mother had a hard struggle. She was now on her way to Bargooma as governess to Mrs. Campbell, who knew the whole of her sad story. Henry Maitland, being a high- class villain, knew that the fiction he had so industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. As long as Lucy and her mother were alive there was danger. Lucy was even more dangerous than her mother; and, therefore, when he saw her in the -railway carriage, and saw her afterwards take her seat ia the cab which was to take her to the coach office, he changed his mind about going to Melbourne, and determined to find out her destination. With this object he also got into the cab and if the reader wishes to know how long it takes to go through all the different emotions and life experiences which we have attempted to describe, and trace to , their sources from the beginning of the-chapter up to this point, the cabman, if he were at the same time observant and truthful, would probably inform him that- the tirijd vras three minutes. The entrance of Henry Maitland into the oab was a relief to Victor and Lucy. Kot that he was a desirable companion, bnt the emotional currents were diverted, and both Lucy and Viator breathed more freely for his presence, although Lucy knew him and loathed him, while Victor didn't know him,, and didn't want to know him. The cab drove up to the coach office -, and as soon as the luggage was arranged, and the mails put on the rack, and in the boot, and under the seats, and wherever they could'find a place to stow them, the«oaeh started out of the thriving township of Telora with the usual plunge , of the new wheeler, without which, it is apparently impossible for Cobb & Co. to get away.. He was » cranky brute that near side wheeler, and Jack M'Lean, the driver, told Victor—who was sitting alongside him—in a confidential whisper, that the animal.was a " blooming baud." There was another gentlemen on the box seat; and Lucy .was inside, where, also, Henry Maitland had elected.to go. Although, the weather for the last few days had been fine on the caast and a short distance inland;: the country about Telora gave evidence of heavy rainfall. There :had been steady rain for three-, or four days higher up the country also ; and all the creeks were running bank high The road crossed the valley of the Telora creek, about ten miles --out of the township.- The creek had overflown its banks, and when the coach arrived at the edge of the water, it was evident , that it would, take very careful piloting to get through with safety. The current was not rapid, and - the water -was not more than jour feet deep on the average; but these floods, which look so innocent, haVe a nasty habit of. working deep holes in the blue clay, which forms the bed of : tbe valley,and if the coach, by ^accident; got into oneof these oles, it would be a serious -matter.' . -All thin was known to Henry Maitland, who was also perfectly acquainted with the track acrosri. A diabolical idea ; suddenly entered hiB head: If he could entice the driver of the coach into of the coach Would be certainly drowned.' Lucy, once out- of the way. he would be safe. - : <•' • • '••'••••. •-.-. The coach stopped at the edge of the water, rsi •:•" ••:': :' ••. '' -i - . "Canany gentlemandrive the iooadh after e ithrough this swamp, if: Iiget a ;horue nod ilot the way,"asked the driver. , M drive," said-Victor, who was rather a i good four-in-hand whip. •• ''If you would allow me to make a sugges-.i tion," said Mr. Maitland," I think wecan get i over i the difficulty. ' Doubtless this gentleman," referring -to Victor, "is a- proficient driver, but I think Jack had better stick to: the- ribbons. I will ride on, and act as pilot;" "All right, old 'son," said Jack, "you're a trump; here comes Bobby with a horse; fire ahead!" and ,the coach went down steadily into the yellow turbulent water, while Henry Maitland rode on in front, with an angelic smile upon his face, and murder in his heart. CHAPTEB IV. It was an exciting time. The turbid breadth of flood water, which looked so innocent aHd picturesque at a distance, took a new meaning when it surged up against the wheels of the coach, and swirled angrily away on the other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. The near-side wheeler was restless and uneasy. Every now and again he plunged his nose down into the turbid waters, and then flung it up with a jerk, as if he had seen a snake, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in the most abject terror. About thirty yards ahead of the coach, Henry Maitland piloted the way. The coach was now abaut half-way across. " Hi 1 boss, ain't y«u going toomuch to the left ?" yelled the driver. " It's all right, yau follow my track," called back Maitland over his shoulder. " His track seems to me darned peculiar," muttered Jack under his breath, as he took a fresh hold of the near wheeler's rein. The track was peculiar. Maitland seemed to be picking his wby, going a little to the right and then to the left. The water left no trace of his passage, and the driver, in spite of himself, always kept following him in a bee line. They were within about two hundred yards of the landing place, when suddenly the near wheeler lost his footing. He was out of his depth. The leaders had swerved to one side and had escaped the hole. Instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coach, which, of course, had only been going at a walking pace. Fortunately, the leaders were tractable, and stood still. The off-side wheeler instinctively recognised bis danger, and planting his feet firmly, held up against his struggling companion. The moment was one of imminent danger. The frantic horse plunged and reared, now feeling the bottom with his hind feet, and now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. His struggles were becoming weaker. In two minutes he would be drowned, but before that he would probably startle the other horses, and drag the^coach into the abyss. Jack M'Lean dared not leave the reins. Victor, in the meantime, had got over the dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out en the pole to endeavor to loose the horse by unbuckling. the reins and polestrap, and unhooking ,the traces. The first step, however, along the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. - In an instant he was back again, and plunging off the seat, he swam np to the straggling-animal, and began operations by trying to let go the traoes. But [they were so tightly , drawn and tense, that his efforts were hopeless. Then he bethought him of his knife. • With a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-straps, and reins were cut, and the half- drowned animal was free, and presently staggered "up the bonk, more dead than alive. Victor now turned his attention to the lady in the coach.. Looking out of the window was the frightened visage of a travelling preacher, "who, coining thus far to preach the gospel to the heathen, • was now more-anxious for the safety of his own body from water than the souls of other : people from ,fire. Behind the parson who, to do him justice, had.tried'to keep up his own courage, and comfort, his fellow passenger, stood jjucy, who had watched Victor throughout the exciting Scene; her face white and her hands unconsciously clasped in the attitude of supplication.: • . " • : : \- Wading to the 'door, -Victor opened it and said, simply: : "Areyou much frightened; "my darling ?" "I was not thinking of myself, Victory only of you. It seemed .so terrible struggling in the water -with that half-maddened horse.'" •• • They stood for a moment with tightlyclasped hands. : It "was a moment of bliss. All the past -was forgotten. Then'Lucyigently withdrew her hands and shivered slighty, as the barrier between Victor and herself .once more rose before her.. ; t "-Come, my darling, I will' carry you to the bank," eaid.her lover. He took her in his strong'arms; and Victor was repaid for all the past twelvemonths of hope deferred as he' felt her flattering heart beat against his own. "You will never leave me more," he whispered. ' -" ",'•'' • " Oh; 'Victor1 you don't know, you don't know- . . : " And I don'it want to know. AS T know is that I love you; and yon told me once that yon loved me; und we axe going to be married in spite of creation ; and we'll be married at Bargooma, for I won't trust you; out of my sight any more; and we'll go away to Tasmania for onr honeymoon, andbte hack 'in 1 time' to' spend; the Christmas -holidays' with" my old friend Campbell, to whose house'we ' •arelMth going TibwIf I am not mistaken:" - ' ' This was all tód ^with' so much : decision1 and'in; such a' matter-of-course tone, that Liicy could only cry silently, while a great joy filled her soul, and she unconsciously nestled closer to the big heart of the man who was carrying her in his arms like a child. The lovers were so absorbed in their own affairs that they did not notice the presence of a well-appointed drag which just then drove up, drawn by four Bpanking bays, held well in hand by a cheerful-looking young gentleman of about fifty summers, whose white hairs seemed absurdly out of place when taken in connection with his sparkling eyes and jovial, boyish-looking face. "Bravo Victor 1 Well done my boyl" then he added, in a serio-comic tone, " bless you both, my children." "Hallo Campbell I is that you?" " All that is left of me. And this young lady is Miss Brown, I know from her photograph. Jump up both of you; and if that villain Firestick will stop plunging for half a second, Til shake hands with you in the interval. Now, my boy, you look uncommonly like a drowned rat—excuse my flattering simile—so we'll drive over to Simpsons for a change of clothes, and then we'll make Bargooma at the rate of fifteen miles an hour-" ^".But what about the luggage?" " Ohl that'll be all right. I'll leave word of the accident as we pass the company's stables, and they will send assistance." "When they arrived at Bargooma they were cordially welcomed by Mrs. Campbell, who kissed Lucy as if she were an old friend, and insisted upon her going straight to bed after tea. The next few days passed pleasantly for Lucy in a life which was entirely new to her. Victor learned from Mrs. Campbell the secret which, in Lucy's estimation, raised such a barrier between himself and her. The knowledge only helped to endearhertohim the more. He pleaded so earnestly that at length she consented to become his wife. In the meantime he determined to probe the mystery to the bottom. He communicated with detective Smith, who immediately made an examination of the books of the Begistrar, and found the marriage duly recorded of Walter Brown and Jane Morrisson. The difficulty, of course, was to identify Walter Maitland with Walter Brown. There would have been of course, no difficulty immediately after the death of Walter, for those who knew him under either name could have identified the body as belonging to the man they knew under either designation and the mystery would have been solved. But now that he had been dead for over a year, such a solution was impossible. Detective Smith who had come up to Bar gooma was at his wits end. Victor was striving after impossible combinations of the most intricate theories, when the whole thing was put into a nutshell by a very innocent remark by Mrs. Camp belL " Have you a photo graph of your father, my dear?" she said to Lucy. . Lucy produced a pho tograph sf her late father, Walter Brown, Mrs. Campbell had in her album a photograph of Walter Maitland. They were not from the same negative, nor by the same artist but there was no mistaking the identity of the original. The photograph of Walter Brown and that of Walter Maitland were both taken from the same individual. " The apparatus can't lie" and the ipse dixit of the Bun is indisputable Independently of the general likeness which strikes the eye, there is the reproduction of every line and scar and mark and microscopically minnte fissure with absolute exactness. Not twa faces in a million are the same in one line. But, since the creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light were compared, no two faces would be found that had all the lines the same. The photograph and the microscope together are infallible. The mystery -was a mystery no longer. After the ladies had retired, tho three gentlemen continued tho discussion. "What is your opinion of the mat ter, Smith?" said Tic tor. " What sort of a man was Walter Maitland? said the detective, addressing Mr. Campbell. "A thoroughly honourable man; but one of the most careless easy going fellows that ever I met, and completely dominated by the superior intellect of his cousin Henry." " Then," said the detective, in a thoughtful tone, " he never signed that will with the knowledge of its tononr- . It is my opinion that Waller Maitland has been dnped; and his death, on the following day, makes me think that he was also murdered." "By whom? " asked Mr. Campbell, eagerly. " By the man who benefitted most by his death."j CHAPTER"?! Henry Maitiand's property adjoined Bargooma. The two homesteads wen a bont fire miles apart. Maitland was not mnch of a sportsman himself— he was too keen and too eager in his pursuits of wealth to indulge in such frivolities; but, with his usual conning, he pretended an enthusiasm which lie did not feel for sport, in order to keep np his assumed character of bluff carelessness and good nature. On his property, however, were many places famous as the favourite haunts of snipe. The first shooting of tha season was generally to be obtained, along the dock-haunted creeke, and roond the edges of the rich swamps of Yambaar, .which was the name of his station. Since the death of Walter Maitland there were strange whispers as to the peculiar life led by the present proprietor, Henry Maitland. Although, when he mixed with the neighbours, or when his business took him into the nearest township, there was no apparent difference in the man,- it was rumoured that he shut himself up periodically, and had prolonged bouts of solitary drinking. : One day, about a fortnight after the arrival of Victor and Lucy at Bargooma, Henry Maitland rode over,i» invite Mr. Campbell and his friends to a days snipe-shooting. Lucy had no suspicion that lie was her father's murderer; but she knew the part he had acted after her father's death, and she shuddered as he insisted'upon shaking .hands -with her, after the formal ceremony of introduction. Victor Levison and Detective Smith had thenown -reasons for appearing on friendly terms with the man whose crimes they were endeavouring to trace. They did not wish to arouse his suspicions, and therefore they accepted his invitation withapjiarent pleasure. " Yon will bring the ladies too, Campbell," said Maitland, in parting, "we will make ii regular pic-nic of it. It is not often that I have the pleasure of acting as host to fair ladies." Thus saying he doffed his hat with the grace of a cavalier; and cantered off, the bean ideal of a .good-natured, jovial, countxy gentleman. "TVhat a consummate hypocrite the man must /be,"'said Victor." " Bat he deceives nobody," -quietly remarked the host, " he cannot constantly wear - the mask, and every now and then the veil is lifted, by some .slight expression, a look, a word, the . turn of a sentence, which reveals the hidden thought; he is most disliked by those who know him beBt." ""Well, 'I suppose we will go over to Yambaar tomorrow ? " • . "I think so; we may possibly hear something,' and, in any ease, yon can hare some good sport, while the ladies will enjoy the drive." Next Morning the fonr-in-hand drovo up to tho door, and soon the party were seated in tho drag. It Was a glorious October morning. A slight ćhoirar the prerious xdght made tho air appear more balmy than usual, with tho scent of li"l t rood and Wattle blossoms. As th»YDROVE IVJ" tbe long avenue, tho heavy odour, waf ti-,1 from V],'' well- kept garden, proclaimed the prcFcncc ,,f tl, ' sweet-scented boronia, overpowering its more cafe neighbour, the Daplme. As far as tbe eye could reach, a ricli mantlo rf emerald green spread out in gentle undulating while grouped about in pleasing irrcgnhritv tli» graceful lightw.iod added a chanjTof its" om,' to liie landscape. At varying distance" and i,, every direction, the gleam of water caught the eve as little lakes of fantastic shapes, some of Khich were of great depth, and others merely shallow depressions, received the rays of the risin" sun and reflected them to the eye of the observer The leaves of the tall white gums, sparkled lil-c diamond- studded trees of fairyland, as the flight breeze made the leaves quiver, and the adherent rain-drops also caught the white sun-rays, and re fleeted them back in the many-coloured lines o! the rainbow. The air was vibrating v.ith the sounds, and heavy with the einnisite odours of a Spring morning in the Australian bush. The musical note of the magpie reverherated from every tree, and the daring songster only stopped his sweet note occasionally, while he made a savage dart at anyone who dared to como near the nest where his mate was attending to her young brood. At a safe distance, pouns 0f solemn-looking native companions could 1« seen engaged in picking up the early worm, ivhil. every now and again they would sound a note of alarm and then set to partners and chasse, to tcach each other, like amiable lunatics, dancing, on attenuated stilts. In the meantime the bays were goui£ in fine style, and then- regular patter patter on "the turf made a joyous music, which chimed in with all the surroundings of a glorious moraiu". md 6ent the life-blood of old and young bouńdini through tha veins like quicksilver. Henrv Mait land met them at the door of his house, hut thr party did not enter. The happy hunting groundi were further on, so they immediately made a start for the "NYarrarakk swamp. There was a tent already pitched, and the ladies were left to sketch and amuse themselves while the sportsmen proceeded to the spot n horc the snipe were seen. It looked a very likely spot indeed. \ rich, black swamp with plenty of cover. ]], -. ;tr:; there were clumps of acacia, while round the nW of the swamp, giant red-gums spoke of conuiiuuu= moisture. Presently, Maitiand's doq—a g-iodenougb-looldng pointer, but hadly" hrokvn— blundered ahead, and startled a couple - .f ira-v 0f snipe, which rose with a whirr out of rail?-, and made straight for the other end of the swamp. Maitland called in his dog with a enrse; and he put his gun suddenly to liis shoulder, 'as if t,i shoot the animal, but thought hettr-r of jt. and contented himself with throwing a st-one nt him. Presently, the snipe began to rise in MV-,AND twos, and the guns were banging aivay merrily. Victor was a good shot, and made some brilliant execution with his right and left harrel; hut. for steady and interring precision, he had to yi. Id t-i Campbell, who never missed with his rićht. and rarely with his left. Maitland shot fairlv. in his turn beating Detective Smith, whose "ihooting evidently indicated want of practice. Th« snipe were now rising thick and fast, and there was an almost continuous fusillade, which at length ceased, as the birds that remained took flightier another swamp about two miles distant. Before returning to the ladies, tho sportsmen tat down to indulge in a smoke and to count tha game in their bags. There was tho usual sporting talk, largely egotistical, and wonderfully imaginative as to remarkable shots, which appears to U a necessity on these occasions; hut with this we will not trouble tbe reader. Henrv- Maitland seemed in no very amiable mood. Tiie conversation had turned into a channel which did not please him. It hinged upon the wonderful:: in which murder is brought to light. Iicioctive Smith was Jfull of pleasing anecdotes as tu tht fortuitous way in which evidence is sonietinjes forthcoming. He instanced a case where a nephew had murdered bis uncle 1 the old man was too long in dying. The uncle had apparently been killed by falling down a w,-ll. Ilu nephew was bis heir, and assumed such a natural appearance of chastened grief, that no suspici -n cf foul play arose, and the old man was buried. But the nephew seemed haunted with some kind of horrid fascination in talking about the dtaili of his uncle—and in combatting an idea whi'-b nobody but himself had entertained, that his dialh was other than accidental. Then the m phow began to drink, and strange expressions f-1L fn-mhis hps while half maudlin. Public suspicion was aroused, the whole of the surroundings "i the affair were minutely examined. Faint links of evidence'were accumulated, all pointins in the cne direction; at length the body was :: .:. Clutched in tbe hands of tbe dead man were discovered a few hairs, which a microscopic examination proved to belong to the nephew. This was tbe last link in the chain. " Bah! " broke in Maitland with a cm-se; " this is the old goody-goody story of the :::.:'- • uc kr a new form. Of course the nephew coumiitud suicide, and then lived long enough to conf-ss. I know all about it." '* No, iny dear sir," contined Smith, quietly, " ha did not commit suicide and confess. He was found guilty and hanged." Mailtund rose with a muttered imprecation, aud strode towards his gun, which had left leaning against a tree. In his way he came within resell ol bis unfortunate dog, and be vented hi« wntb upon the animal by giving it a vicions Tka poor brute, with a yelp of agony, rushed .-.^ay; and, in his ftight, knocked over liis master's gun, which, exploding as it fell, the charge struck Maitland in tho head, and he fell tu the ground apparently a lifeless corpse. CHAPTK n VI. For days Henry Maitland lay in a semi-conscious state. Tbe'charge hail ptmck him in tho temple and literally blown a piece of the skull away, exposing the "brain. Tho gnu. when it exploded, was within a few feet of huu, and thus the charge had not time to scatter. It was noted hv the servants, and commented upon by th-'m in awestruck whispers, that tha wound was in the same spot .exactly as that which killed Walter Maitland. When, at length, be came to a state of consciousness, it was evidentthat his recovery was 'ie But tbe feelings of the wrctclicd man were strangely, mixed with shame and remoi-c. when he found that the constant and waleMul all nd- ants who ministered to him in his helplessness and agony, were Lucy and her mother. Through all his delirium, -visions of an angel face and set: pitying eyes had floated through his brain, mixed with some horrible phantasmagoria of Iris past evil life. The one, the bright vision, was tbe reality ®f Lncy ; the other horrid spectres were the past impressions of his evil deeds which had left their indelible imprint upon his soul, and which were revivified by the approach of death. But in all bis delirium he had never dropped » hint of tbe terrible tragedy sufficiently dear to enlighten Lucy or her mother. He babbled of bursting guns in a language that, to them, was mcomprehensible.' But when Victor Levison and detective Smith heard him, there was a floodoi lignt thrown upon the dark past. If Henry Jlaitland had lived he would bave been in danger of the cdlows; but he did not live, and, before he died, confessed his crimes—not to Lucy, be i-ould not do that—but to his neighbour Campbell, who took his dying depositions. Before his death be to make a will, leaving the whole of the property to Lucy and her mother; but this was considered unnecessary, as the identification of ^ alw Brown with Walter Maitland bad established the status of wife and daughter, and the property of the late Walter Maitland of right belonged to them. Victor Levison and Lucy Maitland were mamed in November. There were great rejoicings at Bargooma: the woolshed was turned into a ball- room, where all the shearers, and boundary-riders, and smart young men for twenty miles around brought thengirls and danced till daylight. And then the smart young men put their pretty girl partners on horseback, or into buggies, or" waggonettes- or whatever mode of conveyance they preferrd. ana took them home through the cool November morning, before the hot sun had time to JO" a r the sparkling dew-drops from the grass whico waved so cool and green all around thein. bride and bridegroom departed for Taśmami; I'M they came back in time to eat their Chnstnws dinner at Yambaar, where tbe old lady bad taken up her abode. Of course, the Campbells were there, and lots of other friends; and, althougn " was too hot for dancing, they had lawn tennis ana croquet in the evening. Ana it was not too not < sit in the verandah and talk; and listen to Lucv and other happy girls singing, in tbe intenais oi playing cards, or other indoor games. Ten years have rolled away since tho events we have related took place; but every year, after tnę shearing is finished, the woolshed at Yambaar u cleared for a dance. The few remaining wool bales that have not gone to town serve as supports for long tables, where a gorgeous supper i set out; the rafters are hung with festoomiii flowers and blossoms, and a band of music imw the nearest township sets a hundred coui)|« • motion to its inspiring strains. Tbe dancin^ • vigorous, and in good time, for the f>")«<'.''•.,„ Yambaar and surrounding stations are all doi' • of Teipsichore. Mr. and Mrs. Levison are for the first half-hoar or so, and with them couple of sturdy boys, wbo look on with worn, and admiration, at the gorgeous Vision Oi o» and Mary-Ann, the housemaids; and Kos^ cook; and Euphemia, the nurse; the arms of their respective lovers, to the inton eating strains of the " Bine Danube.' HEKEV KilTLiln) BODE OS IS FBOKT, WITH 4H AHGEHC SHXLE OK BIS FACE, AND ITOBME JS HB HEAM. 