TOTALISATION-. One great fault with the llritish as a nation is that we are too good. We will not recognise any eocial evil in our midst till necessity compels us, and then if it is one that chiefly relates to the working classes we are very apt to oxerdo it. We do not even recognise the necessities of nature in our cities as other countries do, and still we are of the same order in the animal kingdom as the French and the fiermana. We are far from being immaculate. We have social evils in our midst the same as other nations, which like other nations we ought to recognise and regulate when we find we cannot stamp them out. We bury our heads in the sand, like th^ proverbial ostrich, and think that became we cannot see the bnnters, the hnnters are myths. Small-pox is one of those fearful evils which we were compelled to recognise, and by wisely regulating it, we have nearly succeeded in stamping it out. Drunkenness is a social evil; and by supervising the traffic in intoxicating liquor we have succeeded in some small degree in ameliorating itp attendant evils. Gambling is another social evil which exists to a fearful extent in our midst, and we know it, and pretend to legliBlate on it even to the extent of putting it utterly down by Act of rarliament. An Act of 'Parliament touching on one small . section of the gambling world will not do it. As men are at present constituted gambling must be recognised as inherent in our natures. We are all gamblers. The tradesman is a drier who lays in a Btock. of goods which may be unable to sell. The miner is a gambler, for he cannot see an inch ahead e of the pick. The farmer is a gambler, especially if unacquainted with agricultural science, who works hard and puts in a crop which he does not know but that the nut, smut, hot winds, or a bush-fire may destroy. But it is to gambling in the ordinary accepta tion of the term that I am alluding. Thf evil exists, and all tbe greater tbe evil is, because we will not legally recognise it, to regulate it as we do other social evils. I see tltat the police are making raids on a few totalisators. I do not believe in totalisators, but of all the methods of gambling, Xtbink this one tbe fairest, and nnder proper legal supervision it could be made still fairer. The sweeps, too, might be fair enough if under properly-conducted aupsrvision. As it is, some unknown man may gather twenty or thirty thousand pounds in sweeps, and nothing is to hinder him from packing up his carpet-bag and "seeking fresh fields and pastures new." All the law can do is to tell yon you ought to have had more sense. We hear of a man having £40,000 in sweeps, and we hear a tumor of £1000- being won in Ballarat, another £1000 in Sandhurst, £"2000 in Melbourne, £oOO in Geeloog, and eo on. Some of these prove merely rumors, but who is there to demand an audit of the 'total sweeps? Who is at the drawing of them and if all the prizes are drawn, who gets them 1 May not the whole thing be done in the back parlor of a publicboase in fivi minutes by two or three interested persons Under the present system might i not be quite possible for " the sweep ists" to appropriate £3o,009 out ul £40,000, merely giving the £.'>000 to save appearances, and as a bait for fitts and gudgeons next year. I am not alluding to local sweeps, where Billarat men can go for themselves arid see the thing drawn to their satisfaction, bat this sending away of our hard- earned savings to Initials of whom we know nothing is the very acme of gambling mania. ' Why does not Government act Bcnsibly, and supervise this evil. I wonld suggest that if anyone proposed starting a sweep or atotMiser. no matter how small, be should be compelled to get permission from tbe bench of magistrates. He should, in the first place, prove his honesty and respectability by the testimony of the police and a respectable citizen or two. He should then state the amount he proposed to get up, the commission be would deduct^ the Dank the money was to be placed in; the names of the trustees to "whose credit it was to be paid; tbe names of the Govern ment auditors, who could at any 'time demand to audit his accounts; and, finally, the names of the committee nnder whose supervision the drawing would take place. If the licensing bench approved of the application, I would empower them to issue such licensee, with restrictions as to the age, &c.;, of the persons to whom tickets could be sold. Hiving thus made a channel for the gambling propensity, which experience tells us we cannot pent up, I would make it penal for anyone to bold any lottery whatever, unless duly Authorised, and I would also make it finable for anyone to invest in any unauthorised lottery, the half of the fine going to . the informer. By snch means 1 think a great deal of roguery would be stamped out, and the silly people who will bet would have the satisfaction of knowing that they had at least a chance to win their money, less tbe commission, while a license fee woold pepay the authorities for their trouble, and perhaps contribute to the revenue, instead of it all going into tbe hands of a very nnselect few as it does now, The idea needs elaboration, of counie, but ] think Eorne snch scheme is practical, and may get at the schemers. 