BUSH FIRES IN THE COUNTRY. [By Telegraph.] Haimdorf, March 24. An immense fire, which ifl supposed to.have started from the direction of Scott's Bottom, swept over the country near Warxakilla and on paat the Echunga Mine in : one direction and Bahndorf in the other. The fire started yesterday, and the heat of to-day, combined with a strong wind, made it rage furiously through the grass, and dry brushwood, and the heavy timber near WarrakiUa gave an opportunity which allowed the fire; to leap acrosB the Strathalbyn-road and make its way in the direction of Hahndorf, the men' having to knock off Worknt Donkey Gully. The fire, which, is close'to the Kan garoo Beef, is now raging furiously in the otherdiration. It wentpastandthrongh80we of thie old Echunga diggings, and [at one time seemed asif it would sweep across the present 'workings, and the men working at the mine ■were turned oOt to arrest' its progress. As thg wind.changed they succeeded, and the fits swept off towards the Meadows. - Great dafriagelias been done to, Mr. Goyder's pro perty at Warrakilla, orach-fencing being traint,' 'some quite new. The plantation' was: much ' injured, . several " pinetrees being killed and "others scorched. The orchard, through the exertions' of the. men, about, was only slightly damaged. The .hatttry at Stirling Beef, Mr. Breakell's pro* > perty, was completely destroyed. The fence; and orchard on hia. property were also de stroyed, the house being , sayed almost ,by a miracle. His Iobb is estimated at over a, thousand pounds. On Biggs's Flat the two Companies were burnt out; the South Australian' Prospecting Company being' the > greatest losers. Several explosions ol dynamite ' occurred there,' 'the fire coming so rapidly that the men were not able to save it. The Old bridge known as Hack's, at the Old Wheatsheaf, ib completely destroyed, and at one time the . new bridge was in flames, but they were extinguished by the exertions of those present. Buckley's bouse, near the bridge, had a narrow escape, having been fired thrice. Several panels of fencing near the new bridge were burnt. Many houses had very narrow escapes. The area of the fire 13 estimated at about ten or twelve square miles,-and if the weather continues the destruction of timber will be much greater, as the fire has got a thorough hold of the country. Captain Beaglehole sent men from the Echunga Mine to help to keep the fire under at Warrakilla, Mr. Goyder's property, and they were sub sequently employed nearer home, when the fire skirted within a mile of the mine pro perty. The other residents of the neighbour hood also turned out well, many of them having been at work &U; day. , Gum Flat, March 34. A fire, supposed to have broken out on the farm of Mr. Rogers, about eight miles south east of this township, yesterday, has assumed very large proportions to-day. and pas done, a large amount of damage, burning several miles of fencing belonging to Messrs. Wicks; Lewis, Davis, and Poole. The Wind fortu nately changed to-day and kept the fife back in the scrub between Minlaton apd § tana bury, but it has since travelled about twenty miles from the, starting-point, and it is now feared that the township of Port Vincent is in danger, and should tne wind continue in the same direction it will probably make its way acroSB the' large farming- 'district of Curramulka, where its progress canpot .be arrested. A strong wind is still blowing, and the fire is apparently making rapid progress. _ Mftcclqspeld, 24. The heat has been ekc^edifigly-oppreSsive all day in coi^seque$c6 of iav hot north wind, intensified by extenjfivfe.bushfireB near Echunga, Id&dows;, hadfurther.sbuthi and westward. This township has been enveloped in smoke,and numerous, burnt: leaves nave been driven by the wind froirrthe fire inthe vicinity of the Meadows: Thp old Onkapa-. ringa Bridge is destroyted, ahdthe hew one was in great jeopardy 1 hut fortunately through the efforts or people from Echunga Diggings and neighbourhood the bridge escaped.' The traffic through this afternoon was unable to cross owing to. the intense heat and the flames •crossing the Toad. ' Mr. Goyder's residence was greatly endangered; and many valuable trees between the bridge and house were destroyed. .-A house ^belonging to Mr. Buckley, on the south side of' the bridge, caught , fire, but was saved from, material damage. It looks probable that the fires will continue seyeral days, unless there is a heavy downfall of rain. <■■ 