HEATHCOTE POLICE COURT. Friday. 3rd February, 1882. (Before R Cocks, Esq. and the Mayor, J. P's.) Sergeant Sherson, summoning officer under the Education Act, v. Thomas Evans. Neglecting to send two children to school. Mrs. Evans. appeared and stated that the children were kept at home in consequence of sickness in the family. Fined 1s in each case. Same v. Jos. Molloy. Similar charge. Defendant stated the child was over 15 years of age Sergeant Sherson stated the child was not over age on the 20th September. Fined 2s 6d. the Bench stating defen- dant should have produced proof of the child's age. John Reid v. John Young, Junr. Charged with presenting a loaded gun at plaintiff, on the 30th January and threat- ening to take his life, and application to bind over to keep the peace. Mr. Scott for defendant, raised objec- tions which were overruled, the Bench deciding to hear the case on its merits. Sergeant Sherson conducted the prose- cution. All witnesses were ordered out of court. John Reid, bootmaker, Heathcote, gave evidence to the effect that defendant was a relative of his. He was out at his mother-in-law's, Mrs. Brown's, near the Bough Yards, on Sunday evening, defen- dant and his family living near. That there was a quarrel between the families on Sunday night, and next morning some. words about cattle belonging to the Young's trespassing. That defendant presented a loaded gun at him and Mrs. Brown, threatening to take their lives, and shot a dog in the fore leg between him and Mrs Brown, about a yard from his feet. That defendant after shooting the dog called out for it to be loaded again, and did not throw it down. Eliza Tasaker, sister-in-law of last witness and aunt of defendant, also gave evidence of the presenting of the gun and the shooting of the dog. Maria Brown, mother-in-law of plain- tiff, and a relative of defendant, gave similar evidence. For the defence it was submitted that the dog was continually hounding de- fendant's father's cattle, and that notice had been given several times that it would be destroyed. That defendant threw the gun down after shooting the dog. Maria Young gave evidence to the effect that she was passing Mrs. Brown's place with cattle when Eliza Tasaker tried to put the dog on them. There was no truth in the statement that her brother threatened to take their lives; that he threw the gun down after shooting the dog. John Young, father of defendant, and Maria Young, mother of defendant, were also sworn, the former stating that he saw the gun on the ground and the latter that notice had been given several times to the Brown's that if the dog hounded the cattle it.would be shot. The former stated his son had no ammunition but what was in the gun, (a single-barrelled gun produced.) The Bench decided to hear the two following cases before giving a decision. Annie Young v. Eliza Tasaker. As- sault. Mr. Scott for plaintiff. Mr. Morgan for defendant. Annie Young, sworn : Stated that on the Monday mentioned in the previous case, Eliza Tasaker was running after her brother with stones and when two or three yards off threw one at her and struck her on the temple, the blood from the wound running down her face. To Mr. Morgan—This was after the dog was shot. Her brother did not say load the gun again. Not one of them picked up stones. Eliza. Tasaker and Mrs. Btrown threw stones. Did not see Reid throw stones. John Young, father of last witness, gave corroborative evidence. Maria Brown, mother of defendant, stated the Young's made an attack on them. Believed there were stones thrown. Could not see if defendant threw a stone at plaintiff. Defendant made a statement, denying that she struck plaintiff with a stone. Eliza Tasaker v. John. Young, senr. Assault, and to bind to the peace. Mr. Morgan for plaintiff. Mr. Scott for defendant. Eliza Tasaker, sworn: Stated that when the dog was shot, they ran after the boy a little way, and defendant caught her and struck her three times in the face with a stone in his hand and knocked her down and kicked her when down. Did not consult a medical man. Her face swelled up. Maria Brown, sworn: Said. defendant: struck plaintiff and threw her down, andl when soihe was down struck heron the. head with a stone in his hand. He streck: her on the side of the face and.head. John.Reid, sworn: Stated, he saw. de-. fendant kicking her. Maria Young, sworn: Stated' that her. father struck' plaintiff in the face. after she struck her sister with tho. stone,. but; he did not knock her down.. John Young, Junr., sworn:: Said he. saw his father strike plaintiff. She was: never on. the ground, and. his father' didi not kick her. Maria Young, sworn : Said!lshe did not. see her husbaind strike plaintiff. There. were no.stones thrown, except what Mrs. Brown and plaintiff threw. Mr. Cocks said the cases appeared' to. arise out. of family quarrels-though, rather serious family quarrels-and the. Bench had decided to. dismiss the whole. of the cases, mentioning it was a serious. thing to threaten people with, a loadedi gun in his hand, if defendant in the first. case liad done so. The Mayor suggested' that the parties: should, put some disiance between them, or something serious might happen. A great deal of evidence was given in, the cases, bid we have curtailed it. C Bertram v. T. IHelwege.-Insulting words in a public place. Mr. Morgan for. plaintiff. Mr. Scott for defendant. C. Bertram, sworn,, gave evidence to. the effect that defendant came to him at. a mine at Costerfield on. Wednesday fort-. night, and in consequence of his not giv ing him an order on the company defend-. ant called him.a --- rogue. There were about a dozen people present. Mr. Scott submitted amine was. not a: public place. Mr. Morgan contended that any place. where the public have access to is a pub.. lit place in the, meaning of the Act. (Mr. Lewis.here took his seat on, the. Bench.) The Bench ruled a nuise wasnota pub-. iue place, and dismissed the case, with £L Gs costs, (The Mayor here left the. Bench.) J. Thomson v. J. M'Kenna. With-. drawn. i'. Rielwege v. C. Dertras--Frand summons. Mr. Scott for plaintif(. Ma'. Morgan for defendant. After evidence had been taken an amiu. cabln arrangement was comeo to between the parties concerned. C. Schrevelius r. F. WrathalL.-Assault. Mr. Scott for plaintiff. Mr. Morgan for defendant. C. Schrevelius,'swora stated he was a publicatnat CosterfWeld; QrSundsy29th Tjanuary defendant came to his place with another person and demanded drinks several times. Refused to serve him, and asked him S or 4 times to go out. He would not, stating he bad as much right there as he (plaintiff) had. Took him quietly by the arm, when defendant struck him at the back of the ear and knocked him down. Fell outside. There were a few marks also on his arm. Defendant got no drink at his place. To Mr. Morgan-Did not look defend ant up in one of my roomq. A. Bertram, sworn, st:lted in evidence that he saw defendant strike plaintiff and knock him down. Told defendant to be uiet, Defendant fell down, and he Iwitness) fell on him. Defenlant struck him (witness) in the teeth. Lefendant pulled off his shirt, and he (witness) pulled off his, and defendant went away. PlaIntiff told his shopmuin to go for Con stable dalts. Defendant threw a bottle at plaiqtiff's shiopmsn's head, but he bobbed down and it missed him. Did not pee the waistcoat and shirt produced torn. Louis Beitram, sworn, said he saw plaintiff order defendant out but he would not go. Defendant said he was imprisoned there and would not go until Constable Salts came. His brother tried to quiet him. and lie struck plaintiff and bis (witness s) brother. Dr. Scobell, sworn, gave evidence of examining plaintiff and prescribing for him. Plaintiff complained of being a'ssaulted and receiving a blew on the back of the head. Could find no bruise, but the part appeared tender to the touch. There were bruises on the arm and thigh, Defendant stated that when he refused to go out plaintitt took him by the beard. He had to fight the three of them. They tore his clothes (produced). Plaintiff had looked him up. He never asked for a drink. The person who went with him asked him to have a drink. The Bench considered the case proved, and lined defendant z3, in default one month's Imprisonment, with &3 Se coats, half to be paid in one month, balanee at end of second month, Mr Morgan having asked for time. Constable Salts v C. Schrevelius.-Sell ing liquor ot Sunday. Mr. Soott for defendant. F. Wrathall stated that he had a glass of ale and Robert Robinson had a glass of shandygaff at defendant's place on Banday the 29th, Robinson paying a shil' ling for the drinks. That others also had drinks there. There were no lodgers or boarders there, To Mr. Scott-Took his clothes thst were torn up to Constable Salts the same night. He was not home, but came to him neit morning, when he asked him if he had any drinks there. Told him he bad. Did not report the matter to any body. Did not tell Constable Salts if ae did not take un the case he would rennrt sim, Did not get the summons for as sault till Wednesday morning, when he I found it at his place. A. Bertram, gave evidence to the effect that he and several others had been en gaged in putting out a bush-fire, and went to defennant's for a drink of water. Defendant told him to give them each a glass of beer as they had been at the fire. Did not see Robin son pay a shilling, Did not receive any pnoney from anyone. Sergeant Sherson stated it was not necessary to prove that money had p'assed. Defendant stated he never received a shilling for drink last Sunday. Gave them a drink each as they had been at the fire, Case dismissed, without costs, the Bench considering it an act of kindness to give the men a drink who had been at the bush-fire. P. Geary v. P. 8. Penrose.-Illegal im pounding of 6 head of eattle. Mr Mor gan for complainant. Mr Scott for defend ant. J. Hamilton, Poundkeeper, Heathcote, gave evidence of defendant impounding 6 head of cattle on the 25th of last month, which were released by plaintiff on the 27th under protest. Trespass rates of Ss each had been put on. P. Geary, sworn, stated in evidence that he had known the defendant since the 27th, The only notice he received was in October. Saw defendant when ;was passing Mr Williams's with the cattle. He said he knew they were Geary's cat tle. Told him he would know who ho (plaintiff) was next week. Don't believe the land from where the cattle were im pounded had bepn under crop for the last Sor4 years. A road separates his land from defendant's. It is fenced with a three-log fence about 2ft 9in high. A log was down, and had been down before Mr Trevwslss left. Cows could easily get over the fence. Never had complaints before from defendant. To Mr Scott- Received a notice signed John James. Believe he asked defen dant whyhe did not give 48 hours'notice. Air James handed the notice to him. Can not say if the same cattle trespassed before during the last twelve months, Had some jumpers, and removed them to Mt. Camel. They might have tr.spassed in Mr Trevaskis's paddock, which is now Mr. James's. P. S.. Penrose, sworn: Gave evidence to the effect that he was acting for Mr. James, who gave him power to impound cattle trespassing on the property. He was looking after the place. Did not know plaintiff at the time the cattle came L into the paddock. They were trespass I ing on the 25th. Plaintiff asked him why he did not give 48 hour's notice. *Asked whose cattle they were when he was passing Mr. Williams's. He said they were his. Asked him his name, and he said he would know next week. Did not say he knew they were Geary's. Knew some of Geary's cattle trespassed before by his boys driving them. Signed the notice in his name pro Mr James Put a cow into the yard previously and went to Geary about it, but hewas not at home. T. S. Williams, swrrn: Said he had eeon cattle tailed by plaintiff's boys in the paddock, and when he asked them who they belonged to they said they did not know, Never saw plaintiff's boys knook down the fence or turn the cattle * in the paddock. To Mr Morgan-Mr James has only been in possession of the property since October. Before that it was Mr Tre. yaskis's. Mr. ycott submitted the owner was not known when the cattle were impounded. The Bench were of opinion defendant did not know who the cattle belonged to, and dismissed the case, with Lt is costs. 