SCOTTSDALE. I [From our own Correspondent.] I was so comforted and gratified by reading an account in your last issue of the new township of " Soottsburgh," and its improvements, actual and projected. The "one or two branch banks" are real soothing. I havo always had a strong turn for finance-quite a gift that way, in fact ; but owing to the absence of healthy competition amongst tho banking oommunity inducing an illiberal narrow minded policy in their dealiuga with Iarge-aouled, enterprising clients, I have nover bad what you might call a really fair chow for my exceptional talents ia that line. However, the old saw comes true, "Every dog must have a day." I am thankful that I can seo "Land at last." Vive Soottsburgh I and Dia-Kard-graft, farewell I We have been ao quaiutances, it is true, but our acquaintance has nover ripened into friendship. The coffee palaoe "adjacent thereto" almost determined me into a shining temperance light. But I happen to know that Mr. Tucker has just sold a quarter aore section (or a little over) to an enterprising L.V. (Air. A. Anderson) for £300. Now, aa this section ia at the corner of the Launceston and Ringarooma road, and directly opposite Mr. Counsel's hotel, at the corner of the Launceston and Bridport road, I think I can ace a better hedge than tcetotaliam at present. Can't you 1 Is the following a rule of three sum or how ? If a little moro than a quarter of au acre situated in the " immediate vicinity " is sold for £300, what will the township of Scotts burgh fetch ? Or would you do it by Algebra and unknown quantities ? And is thero any allowanoe on taking a quantity? There is a great find of tin reported hore to-day by the prospectors, Mr. T. D. Heazlewood and party. They aay that the stripping is only 18in., and that thoy went down ovar 3ft. into the wash, without going through it, and averaged from loz. to ljoz. to the small dish. The locality ia within seven or eight miles of Scottsdale, and close to the Hesperus claim. Mr. W. Dyer's first litter from his imported " Magie" stock haa just been started in life on its own account. A sow and boar havo goao to New Zealand ; a boar to Branxholm ; a sow aud boar remain in Scottsdale. Mr. Dyer still owns one, and one met with au accident whioh ended fatally. Thus are families broken up and home-tics sun- dered ; but go where they will, these pigs uoodn't bo ashamed to look othor pigs in tho face I believe their price iu Soottsdalo was three guineas each, but I am not quite certain, for having bought ono with tho intention of taking rather indefinite credit, the price waa not sufficiently an object for prompt im- pertinent questioning. The weather ia currently believed to bo fine, but warm ; but no ono knows for certain, for tho preva- lence of bush-fires and farmers' clearing-fires have enveloped this part of tho globo in an indefinite smoky kind of an atmosphere. Feed baa, of course, dried up somewhat, but lies gainod in nutrimont what it has lost in bulk, and, as tho district is well supplied with water, stock of all aorta aro putting on'weight well. 1 was glad to learn from your columns that the North-East Agricultural and Pastoral Association have secured so eligible a site for thoir show yards. I was aware that Mr. T. D. Heazle- wood had offered tho ground at the expiration of Mr. Joyce's lease, contingent upon that gentleman's makiug a similar arrangement for the remainder of his torm (some three yours, I think) ; but I waa unaware that Mr. Joyce had con- sented, till I road your last weok's paper. They aro both public-spirited, liberal-minded men, and do servo tho thanks of the community. Mr. Joyce, I know, pays far more than doublo the rent charged the association (nearly three times, in fact), while in less than a year or two tho land would let readily at ten times the amount. Locomotion ia made easy hero now, for in addi- tion to the daily four-horao stage from Launceston to Scottsdale, Mr. R. Ciunsol, of the Inverness Hotel, has been running a coach from Scottsdale to Ringa- rooma for the last month, tho ubiquitous and vcrsatilo Mr. James Smith beiug tho Jehu. What a fortunate thing that the Russian despatch did not reach its destination I Its publication has oreated a serious feeling of alarm. Chez nous, I heard a proposed piece of prodigality justified by a young lady tho other day upon tho grounds that it waa no uso leaving anything for " them Rooshians." Prices here remain as usual, and may be quoted aa follow :-Beef, from 20s, to 20s. Gd. for prime, per 1001b. ; mutton, 2^1. to 3d. per lb. ; pork, 4d. per lb. ; potatoes, new, from £4 to £4 10j. per ton ; oaten hay, £2 10s. to £3 per ton ; oats, none offer- ing at present ; grey peas, 3a. Gd. to 4s. por bushel ; grass seed-English rye, 4a. Gd. to 5s.; cocksfoot 5s. to 5s. Gd. ; prairio, 5s. February 25. 