THE PROPOSED ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS. The Acclimatization and Zoological Society are in a sad plight. They have plenty of funds, plenty of friends, and plenty of energy, but they practically are at a stand-still for want of grounds. Something in a small way can be done and is being done by them in the direction of acclimatization ; but all their efforts to obtain the few acres of land that are essential to their more extended operations have so far been frustrated. They have no interest to serve but the good of the community, and they are burning with zeal to contribute to the enjoyment of the public; but they have met with the most dis heartening rebuffs. Their ambition to provide Zoological Gardens that will be an attractive resort and a source of pleasure and pride to the colonists must command general sympathy, but the obstructions thrown in their way have so far been in- surmountable. It will be remembered that some months ago the Government were asked to grant the Society a portion of the police paddock between the Frome-road and the University Reserve. The request was a reasonable one ; it was favourably received, and the thing was looked upon as settled. In its present condition the land in question is the reverse of orna mental, and is turned to very little account; and it was forcibly pointed out that handing it over to the Society would, effect the double purpose of serving them and securing the expenditure of money upon the adornment of a portion of the Park Lands deserving of a better fate than to be left unimproved. It appears, however, that some of the ex tremely sensitive and hyper-timorous residents on North-terrace took fright, and made such alarming representations' to the Chief Secretary as to the offen siveness and danger of having wild beasts located so near to the city that Mr. Bray's sympathies were aroused, and he revoked his assent to grant the land for zoological uses. It is difficult to imagine more trivial grounds of objec tion than those thus brought forward. In Melbourne there are few suburban frontages so popular as the frontages in the neighbourhood of the Royal Park, where the animals and birds are much more numerous than they are likely to be f or many years to come in any zoological col lection in South Australia. It is not. worth while dwelling upon this, however. The reasons advanced were deemed un answerable by Mr. Bray, and the Society had to submit with the best grace possible to the reversal of the former quasi decision in their favour. Having thus deprived them of one site;, and that as it seems to us the most eligible; of all, the Chief Secretary very properly set to work to obtain another. Finding that the Society looked favourably upon a block of from twelve to fifteen acres in the Botanic Park, situated in the bend of the river near the Albert Bridge, he sounded the Botanic Garden Board as to their willingness to give it up. The reply was unfavourable, but direct negotia tions were subsequently opened up between the Society and the Board. It so happens that two or three gentlemen who are upon the Council of the former occupy positions upon the latter, and they took it upon themselves to assert that it was hopeless to try to reverse the decision arrived at. This led to what in the minutes, of the Council's meeting, published in last Monday's Register, is obscurely referred to as 'some difficulty.' In point of fact the discussion became very warm indeed, and the feeling aroused was only allayed by a conciliatory proposition brought forward by one of the members of the Board that a sub-committee of the Council should be appointed to wait upon that body to see if some arrange ment could not be arrived at. That sub committee interviewed the Board yester day, and exhausted their eloquence in vain in endeavouring to move it from its former position. They urged that the area of land within the Botanic Park was very large ; that it would greatly add to the attractiveness of the demeane to have the Zoological Gardens within it; that not a single tree or shrub would be removed without the consent of the Board; that the buildings which would be erected for the accommodation of the animals and birds would be of a thoroughly ornamental character; that the Board would be put to no expense or inconve nience by the Council, but, on the con trary, would have its hearty co- operation in the beautification and maintenance of the Park. At the close of the interview the Board deliberated, and resolved, with one dissentient, to adhere to its former decision, the member who had proposed the appointment of the sub-committee, and had thus indirectly committed him self to a compromise, incontinently voting with the majority. Under these circum stances the Society have no alterna tive but to appeal once more to the Govern ment to deliver them from the unpleasant and tantalizing predicament in which they find themselves placed. Accordingly they will on Monday again wait upon the Chief Secretary and claim the fulfilment of his promise to find them suitable grounds. What will be the result of that appeal it is idle to conjecture. As a matter of fact there are not many sites in the gift of the Government that would be suitable for Zoological Gardens. In Government Farm a reserve could be found for deer and some other animals, but to make that the site of the gardens is out of the ques tion. The distance from town is s0 great that only the few would be able to see them ; the multitude would be deprived of the pleasure of visiting what without doubt will be one of the most popular and attractive places of resort in South Australia. To be of much use the Gardens must be near the City, and it is much to be regretted that the Botanic Garden Board have not met the Acclimatization Society in a more friendly and liberal spirit than they have done. Even taking it that they had good cause for refusing to listen to tho request for the piece of land near the Albert Bridge, which, it must be admitted, is admirably adapted for the purposes of the Society, and might be given without any risk of impairing the beauty or attractiveness of that corner of the reserve, are there not other parts of the Park that might be given? It is not as if the Board were entrusted by Act of Parliament with the control of this area of land. As a matter of fact we believe it is not even dedicated to park purposes. It is merely held by the Board during the pleasure of the Government, and it would be only a graceful act on the Board's part to endea vour to accommodate the Society. There is a block of several acres close to the Hackney-road which might very well be given up. At present it is only used for growing wheat and hay, so that the Society would have to lay it out and plant it with ornamental shrubs and trees; but this, we understand, they are quite willing to do. One strong reason, why the Botanic Garden authorities should co-operate in this matter, as requested, is that the Society, when in proper working order, will relieve them of the expense and trouble of maintaining the animals and birds now under Dr. Schomburgk's charge. This will have the result of releasing for botanical purposes two or three acres in the very heart of the Gardens, and it will also, it is to be hoped, have the effect of vastly bettering the condition of the animals themselves. It is no disparage ment to the Doctor to say that his sympathies are far more with plants and flowers than with birds and beasts. Although he devotes much time and attention to the specimens of animated nature under his control, their lot at present is not a happy one. The animals which occupy the yards have not much to complain of ; but those which are cribbed, cabined, and confined in low, dingy, cheerless cages greatly need a change. A good many valuable lives among the quadrupeds have been sacrificed, and it is to be feared that more animals will fall victims to rheumatism and deep depression of spirits unless warmer and brighter habitations are provided for them. The sooner the Society take over the zoological depart ment of the Gardens the better it will be, and it is to be hoped that even yet the Board will be propitious, and will in exchange for the good offices done them by the Society give to them of its abundance in the matter of land to relieve their perplexities, and allow free play for their exuberant zeal in the cause of acclimatization aud zoology. Failing this concession, we are at a loss to know in what direction the Society can turn. A portion of the Lunatic Asylum grounds on North-terrace, or even at Park side, might be granted without un duly contracting them, bat it will be better in many respects that the Zoological Gardens should either occupy the site originally proposed or a corner in the ample area of the Botanic Park. The Clotubb. — After being under discussion for several weeks the clfiture resolutions have been carried by a majority of 47, the numbers being re spectively 318 and 27L It is a rare thing for so large a number as 589 members to record their votes on a division in the Commons, and the presence of such a full House affords significant evidence of the importance attached to the vote. It ia evident that both parties did their utmosb to bring together their full strength ; and although the result is not such a triumph for the liberals as it would have been if all the supporters of the Government had gone into the lobby with them, the majority is greater than they counted upon. The Conservatives no doubt voted almost en bloc. With them went the balk ef the Irish, members, and probably a few of the friends of the Ministry who regard the remedy for obstruc tion proposed by Mr. Gladstone as too drastic for the nature of the disease. By the passing of the resolution the way is paved forthe accomplishment of good and useful legislation during the session, and the silencing of the irreconcilables who forthe last year or two have rendered such almost impossible. The matter is a very simple one, yet it has not been without great diffi culty that the new rules have been carried. It was at a Cabinet Council on January 6 that they were decided upon, and a short time afterwards the Irish members were on the warpath to prevent their adoption. At first their idea was to persuade the imprisoned members to resign in a body, in order to enable their successors to vote against the proposal. By conciliating the Conservatives and rallying their own strength they thought they could effect the stoppage of the innovation. jRecently they have applied for the release of the imprisoned members on parole, in order that they might vote in the House; but it is now evident that even had this; con cession been allowed them it would, so far as the result goes, have availed them nothing. The first form in which the motion was submitted by Mr. Gladstone was slightly different from that in which it has now been carried, inasmuch as it contemplated the closing of a debate at the will of a majority of the House when that majority should be over 200 or the minority below 40. The proposal in this form was met by so many amend ments that Mr. Gladstone was induced to add the proviso that in no case should a debate be closed unless on the authority of at least 100 members. In its fint form it was intended to put a stop to the continuance of obstruction on those occasions when at the fag end of a session the members attending are very few, and the business very pressing. It was thought that in a small House clfiture ought to be adopted wherever it was only opposed by a minority of less than forty. But it is obvious that the present form of the new rules is preferable. If a matter be not sufficiently urgent to draw together at least 100 members favourable to fair discussion, it is not a fitting subject for the application of c!6ture. In the form in which they have been passed the new rules must greatly expedite public business. They are not without ob jection, but they are not likely to hinder the progress of free discussion, although they will put a step to much senseless talking against time, which has hitherto been a sore trial to the House and to the public. Nor will the cause of liberty be in any way imperilled by a measure whose real effect is to curtail the tyranny of the minority. This has been tolerated too long already, and it is reasonable ground for satisfaction that in future the dfiture will greatly re3tra:n if it does not altogether do away with it. Mail Passengebs.— The saloon passengers booked for I/radon per R.M.S. Shannon, which leaves Glenefg this evening, are Mrs. and Miss Hallett, Mrs. R. C, Miss, and Mr. Andrews, jun., Mr. and Mrs. D. Tweedie, infant, and servant, Mrs., Miss, and Master Bayne, Miss Archer, Messrs. E, Heath, and George Main. Death of Mb. H. H. Thomas.— Mr. H. H. Thomas, Manager of the Union Bank, Port Adelaide, died on Friday mominp. March 31. The deceased gentleman'had been Manager at the Port for several years, and took an active interest in municipal matters. He has been long identified ?\yith the progress of the Port Institute, of which he was a committeeman at the time of his death. His afiable manner and gentlemanly conduct had won for him the respect of all who knew him. He had been »n delicate health for some years past. He leaves a widow and daughters, Irish Land League.— We are informed by Messrs. Healev and Wlielan, the Treasurer rnd Secretary 'of the Adelaide Branch of the Jrish Land League Fnnd, that they have re mitted £160 by the outgoing mail in aid of the above fond in Ireland. Mabkiagk of Prdtce Leopold.— It will be noticed by our London telegrams received by Renter's' A cency that the message pub lished in our issue of February 21 announc ing that the marriage of Prince Leopold had taken place was incorrect. The mistake has apparently arisen through the nisreadins of a telegram which airivedonthedate men tioned, and which refers! to, not the mar riage, but the arrival of IV'nee Leopold at Windsor. As will be seen thk morning the event has been postponed through the indis position of the Prince. Death of Dora Gree--tfei£.— This popu lar authoress, who is well known as a con tributor to Good Words and many other serials, has died at the aga of nearly eighty. She first became known in 1840 as the authoress of ' Christina and Other Poems,' and shortly afterwards published _ another volume of poems entitled 'Stories that Might be True.' Others under the titles of 'The Power of Faith Exemplified in Life' and 'Two 'Friends' appeared in 1849 and 1862 respectively, and she continued to write until within a short time of her death. Ussatispied Judgment Summokhes.— At the Local Court on Friday morning the Special Magistrate intimated that in future if unsatisfied judgment summonses were not attended to he would impose the highest fine allowed by the Act, namely £10, whatever the amount of the debt might be. Registsas of the Adelaide Uktvebsitt. —The Council of the Adelaide University considered the applications for the position of Registrar, rendered vacant by the resigna tion of Mr. W. Barlow, M.A., and out of the sixty-two applicants selected Mr, J. W. Tyas, of this citj. Mr. Tyaa, who for some time past has acted as iReuter's agent in Adelaide, was formerly connected with the Ixmdon, Times, on the staff of which paper his father was employed. |Mr. Tyas wa3 some years ago in* business in this city, having been a member of the firm of Carter and Tyas. The Alleged Ihsubahce Frauds.— The hearing of the charge against Dr. Morrison, Barker, Hicks, Forsyth, and Du Barry, for conspiring to defraud the Australian Alliance Insurance Company of £5,000, in connection with the insurance of David Weatherhead's Me, was begnn on Friday in the Police Court. Forsyth was absent, not having been served with a summons, as he was out of the colony, but warrants having been issued against all the defendants, he will probably be arrested to-day when he arrives by the steamer from Victoria. Mr. Symon in open ing the case for the prosecutioniatimated the nature of the fresh evidence it was intended to call, and several witnesses were examined, Dr. Gardner giving testimony as to Weather head's bad state of health since he first saw him in 1878. The hearing will be resumed at 11 o'clock this morning, all the prisoners being allowed bail in two sureties of £100 each, which they readily obtained. COUNCTJILOB FOB HCTDMAESH WaED.— The nomination for the vacaney in the re presentation of Hindmarsh Ward, caused by the resignation of Councillor Brooks, took place in the Town Hall Ex change Room, on Friday morning, March 31. Two nominations were re ceived as follows '.-^John Le Maistre Roberts. h Adelaide, publican, and James Zimn Sellars, of Adelaide, grocer. His Worship the Mayor, who acted as Returning Officer, adjourned further* proceedings till Tuesday, April 11, when a poll will be taken. COKPENSATIOH TO OfFICEBS PAID OUT OF Loan. — The Government have shown us a circular, issued in 1JC0 by their predecessors to the effect that officers paid out of loan were not entitled to any retiring allowance under the Civil Service Act Reutet.'s Agency. — Mr. Tyas having ac cepted the position of Registrar of the Ade laide^ University, Mr. Arthur Boulthas been appointed to succeed him as Reuter's agent in Adelaide. A Scene at the Glekelg Coetobation Meeting.— At the usual fortnightly meeting of the Glenelg Town Council, held on Friday evening, the proceedings were interrupted For a considerable time by an unseemly scene between Mr. Mair (who was acting as Chair man in the absence of the Mayor) and Mr. Nicholson, which arose after the reading of the report drawn up by the Planting Com mittee. It has been usual to decide the loiters and any motions arising out of them itnand ; but Councillor Mair ruled that the :orrespondence and reports must be read before any motion? were proposed. Mr. Nicholson asked Mr. Mair why he gave bis ruling, but was requested to take his seat. He thereupon gave it as his opinion that Mr. Blair's 'head was tnrnin^. He was re luested to withdraw the objectionable words, but refused, and Mr. Mair thereupon rose from his chair and said he would close the meeting. Mr. Lee asked if Mr. Mair had the power to do that, and then suggested that Mr. Nicholson should withdraw the offensive remark. Mr. Mair asked the Council to 3tipport him as Chairman. After a little more reprimiDation had been indulged in, Mr. Nicholson withdrew his remark, and the busi ness of the meeting proceeded. Amalgamated Society of Engdteers, Poet Adelaide. — The annual dinner of this branch Society took place at the Oddfellows' Ball, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, March 31\. Mr. Berry piesided, and Mr. S. Webster occupied the vice-chair. There was 1 large attendance, including several ladies, whose presence was a novel and pleasing de parture from the ordinary programme adopted by the Society. After a capital spread, pro vided by Host Addison, the loyal toasts were honoured. The 'S. A. Parliament,' proposed by Mr. Smythe, was responded to by Messrs. Bower, M.P., and Mattinson, M.P. The former remarked on the distress of the farmers, that some desired Parliament to be called together to devise measures for their relief: but Parliament could not legislate for calamities, its functions being to make lawB for the people. The farmers must work out their own salvation by industry and self reliance. He commended the branch Society for having waited on the Marine Board in reference to the construc tion of machinery for projected vessels. It was wise in euch matters to attend on the subordinate bodies, instead of goto' to the Ministers, who had to refer them back to the Boards of Advice ; and it was well that the Society had sufficient confidence to go by themselves without members of Parliament. 5Jr. Mattinson referred to the fact that the Marine Board had called for tenders in England for the supply of a travelling crane, but hadj on being pressed to try, obtained it iheaper in the colony, quite to their surprise. Se believed in encouraging native in lustry to the extent of 20 per cent, Mr. Clayton read the branch report, showing ihat the number of members vraa sixty-four, ;he same as the previous year. He referred to leveral matters dealt with in the thirteenth innnal report of the Amalgamated Society of Engineers, showing the condition of the ;rade to be prosperous and the number of utizans on the increase. The year 1881 had Deen second to only one other in prosperity ;o the trade. Mr. Christie, in a speech full )f statistics, quoted to Bhow the rapid Improvement 01 the local business, proposed 'The Town and Trade of Port Adelaide ;' and Sis Worship in responding gave credit to all lis predecessors for what they had done. He illudcd to the waste of silt by Baying that the Russian Admiral had expressed the opinion ;o him, that it was madness to throw the material in the sea, because it could be used io reclaim the banks of the river, and thereby increase the scour of the same. Mr. Grose Droposed 'The Amalgamated Society of Engineers and Kindred Societies.' He idvocated Trades Unions and supported ihe Society in question. Mr. Eneebene briefly responded. The Vice ? Chairman lonoured ' The Guests,' and Coun :illor Rann acknowledged the compli nent. Other toas+s and several son^s prepared the way for a ball which followed. I5TEECOI Oh r AL JUVENILE iKDUSXfiTAL Ex BOErnoN.— It js proposed that a grand Juter ;elonisl Juvenile Industrial Exhibition should be held in the Garden Palace, Sydney, at the :lose of the present year, and initiatory steps have been taken to carry out the proposition. Ibe committee appointed for the purpose bave sent circulars to the Press in the various colonies, and have asked their co- operation in forwarding the interests of the Exhibition. They also invite young people of both sexes under twenty-one years of age in all the Australian Colonies to assist in making the Exhibition a success by contributing their handiwork. The object of the Exhibition is a good one, namely, to stimulate the energies and display the abilities of the rising genera tion, and to create a taste for the fine arts ; and as the profits, if any, are to be divided among charitable institutions, the aim of the promoters is certainly deserving of general and hearty support. The Phonograph. — On Friday evening Mr. A. W. Dobbie re-delivered his lecture on the ' Phonograph' in St. Andrew's Hall before a large audience. The lecturer ex glained the laws of sound, and then showed how Eounds could be reproduced by the phonograph. Mr. Dobbins explanation of the varions parts of the instrument was clear and interesting, and at the close of the lecture a hearty vote of thanks was accorded to him. Well Directed Charity. — Under this heading the Mount Barker Courier states that £110 has been collected for the relief of the sufferers by the recent disastrous bushfire near Mount Pleasant, and has been distrib- uted as follows:— H. Spher, £50; Brüchoz £27; John Maguire, £10; J. Underwood, £8; E. Cosk, £5; E. Hillier, £5; and Jurgins, £5. Zoological and Acclimatization Society —A meeting of the Council of this Society was held at the office of the Hon. Henry Scott, M.LC., on Friday, March 3L There were present— His Honor the Chief Justice (President), Dr. Mayo, and Mr. J. L. Stirline M.P. (Vice- Presidents). the Hon. R. d' Ross, M.P., Messrs. W. J. Magarey, J. f! Sanderson, A. Abrahams, George Hamilton! George Boothby, W. West-Erskine, and the Hon. Secretary (Mr. Minchin). The Presi dent reported to the Council that the sub committee had had an interview that day with the Governors of the Botanic Gardens, who declined to allow the Zoological Society any portion of the Botanic Reserve. It was decided to appoint a deputation to wait on the Chief Secretary and request that a site fora Zoological Garden be fixed upon by the Government; the deputation to consist of the Chief Justice, Mr. J. L. Stirling, M.P., Dr. Mayo, and Messrs. Boothby, Hamilton, Murray, Magarey, and the Hon. Secretary. A letter was received from Mr. G. W. Hibbert, of near Paradise, asking the Council to be allowed to purchase a few of the American bronzewinged turkeys lately intro duced by Dr. Mayo for the Society. Mr. Hibbert to be informed that at present the Council is unable to comply with his request. The Secretary was instructed to send £100 to London for a further supply of American turkeys. Royal Agricultural and Hobticul tural Society. — The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of Management of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society of Sonth Australia was held in. the Register Chambers on Friday, March 31. There was a good attendance. A small amount of formal business was disposed of, and a member mentioned that the P. & O. steamer Clyde had on board a refrigerating chamber in which fruit, butter, and other perishable things were kept fresh. He had spoken to the purser of the vessel on the subject;, and he bad consented to take home a case of grapes as an experiment It was decided by the committee to prepare a case of grapes for the purpose. A discussion took place upon an able paper, written by Mr. Frazer S. Crawford, on the subject of insect and fungoid pests; and in the course of the conversation it was urged that for the furtherance of practical knowledge persons finding insects or strange growth on their trees or plants should send samples to some well-known place in town for examination and report. It was pointed oat that through ignorance many insects whose services were successful in the_ orchard or garden were destroyed, while destructive creatures escaped. The discussion brought out a fair amount of practical thought, and the paper was admitted to be an exceedingly instructive one. A strong point urged was the establishment of a museum where agriculturists could obtain by reference information they might be in need of. Volunteer Items. — Lieutenant C. E. Herbert is appointed Adjutant to the 2nd Battalion Adelaide Rifles. Moonlight parades may be fixed forthe 3rd, 4th, or 5th April, the usual notices to be sent to the Staff Office. Tb.e;followingorders have been issued for the skirmishing match on Easter Monday for the cup to be presented by His Excellency the Governor: — Competing squads must parade at the Staff Office at 9.30 a. m. ; a special train will start at 10.5. The conditions will be very similar to last year. At the last range the firing will be by volley (standing), under the direction of the officer in charge 01 each squad. Whenever an officer has occasion to inflict a fine under Rule 80 he is to send a report of the case to the Staff Office forthwith. Attention is drawn to Rule CO— 'All volunteers who have changed their address, or may hereafter do so, without notifying suck change to the officer commanding their troop, battery, mcompany.will be fined 5s.' Officers commanding companies are requested to notify all such changes to the Staff Office weekly, as much trouble is caused through neglect of the above rule. As it has become a commoH practice to apply for six months' leave, the Commandant wishes it to be under stood that in future men who apply for such long leave of absence will be placed on permanent leave, thus coming under the rules as regards payment for uniforms. Ser geant J. Nimmo is appointed Colour- Sergeant m D Company, vice Polain promoted ; Cor poral T. Preston is appointed Sergeant, vice Nimmo ; and Lance-Corporal F. Thompson is promoted to Corporal, vice Preston. Tht Melbourne Exhibition.— The official record of the Melbourne International Exhi bition of 1880-1, which has been published by Messrs. Mason, Firth, & McCuteheon, under the authority of the Commissioners, is a handsome volume, bound in scarlet cloth and gold, and containing over 700 pages royal octavo of closely printed matter. It is a most complete compendium of the proceedings connected with the Exhibition Irom its in ception to its close, for it begins with the Act of Parliament authorizing .the undertaking and ends with a full list of the exhibits. Between these points a vast amount of infor mation is afforded, which will be very valu able for future reference ; and it will be none the less so because an attempt has been made —and successfully— to divest the volume, where practicable, of the dryuess of detail and technicality which too frequently are the principal characteristics of such volumes. This result has been achieved by largely utilizing the lengthy and exhaustive re ports of the Exhibition that appeared in the Melbourne Press during its progress. The introductory chapter, which is pleasant read ing, gives a brief but comprehensive sketch of the origin of International Exhibitions, and mentions the leading facts connected with the various undertakings of the kind that have taken place in different parts of the world, from the first held in 1756 to the last which forms the text of the book. The his tory of the Melbourne Exhibition is fully set out, and the buildings are described, as well as the opening and closing ceremonies. The most interesting portion of the work is a series of short sketches of the courts, in which the chief features and most prominent exhibits are brought under notice. Financial and statistical statements are also given, with lists of the Commissioners, Juries, and awards, The volume contains several illus trations, which, if not of a high order of merit, are a welcome addition to the reading matter. The Late Mr. G. H. Paqualin.— We regret to announce the death of Mr. G. H. Paqualin, an esteemed agent and business man at Port Adelaide for many years past. Over two years ago he underwent a painful operation, from the effects of which he never fully recovered. His end, however, came somewhat suddenly, as he was as well as usual the previous day, but he expired at bis residence, Alberton, at half - past 2 s'clock on Friday morning, leaving a widow ind two children to mourn their loss. BUSH FIRES — The Southern Argus says with reference to the recent bush fires:—"This week we have to record perhaps the most ex- tensive bush fire ever known in the South. On Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights the line of the horizon seemed to be one of fire, the chain being nearly so complete, while day seemed almost night at times by reason of the dark canopy of smoke that was thrown overhead. At near Sandergrove, on the Fmniss Plains, near Currency Creek, Port Elliot, Goolwa, Wellington, Bremer Plains, Milang, Callington, Echunga, Meadows, Bull's Creek, and Ashbourne, serious fires occurred — fires that carried all before them, horses, fencing, haystacks, and growing feed alike; and many an unfortunate family have been rained by the destroying element, and others again more unfortunate still been rendered even homeless. (Particulars are then given which we have already published, and it is stated that thousands of pounds worth of damage has been done by the fire). A correspondent informs us that the captain of the Echunga Mine sent out nearly the whole of his men to the work, and the miners from the various other claims also turned out well. This fire was decidedly the most extensive and destructive one of all, but many of the others did a vast amount of damage. We hear of about a dozen families on the south of this town who were com- pletely burned out; others lost all their feed and fencing, while some others had sheep, cattle, and horses burnt to death. A trip round the district just now gives indeed a very gloomy picture. Mile after mile of charred and burning country, scorched and blackened walls here and there (the only memorials of houses that a few days before were happy homes) — a desolate picture in- deed, and one that would inspire the utmost caution in the use of lucifer matches, from the careless use of which, in most cases, if not all, these bush fires arise." Katunda Volunteer Rifle Company.— The Kopunda Herald says : — ' We hear with regret that our local company of volun teers is about to be disbanded. So far as we can gather the causes that have tended to this result have been as follows : — Some months back Captain Rosman's resignation was accepted, Be having been relieved from active duties for some time previously, when of course all the work aevolved on Lieu tenant Neale. the only other commissioned officer. We believe an application was made for tne appointment of anothqr officer, but this was not complied with, and Lieutenant Neale had unaided to perform both captain and lieutenant's duties, which at times pressed very heavily. As he had not the necessary time to devote to so close an appli cation to military duties, and his request for assistance had not been complied with, Lieu tenant Neale sent in his resignation. This we understand led to its being intimated that if he would continue in the force he would be appointed as Captain, and the company's strength might be fully made up by recruits. On consideration, however, Lieutenant Neale decided to adhere to his previously expressed determination, and hi resignationhas accor dingly been accepted with expressions of re gret. 'But in place of appointing other officers, the Colonel has somewhat strangely deter mined to use this resignation as a means for getting rid of the whole company, which gives some colour to the report we previously alluded to, that he is anxious the entire regiment should be located in Adelaide and the immediate suburbs. It is generally understood that the same post that signified the acceptance of Lieutenant Neale's res^ nation also brought the intimation thatthe entire company, which numbers about sixty effective members, whose training must have cost the Government a very large amount of money, is to be disbanded as soon as the class- firingiacompleted.thus literally wasting the expenditure referred to. It is not too much to say that this will be felt by many ardent members to be very cavalier treatment— not at all calculated to foster the volunteering spirit that is supposed to contribute so much to the success of a force of this kind. Many of the members have at great sacrifice undergone the preliminary fag work of the service, and just when they anticipated the enjoyment in oon nection therewith, they are coolly told they can go. There is in all contracts a mutual agreement, and the men who agree to serve for a given time have a right to expect that such services will be availed of for the full period unless the position is forfeited by mis conduct We cannot help expressing our conviction that Colonel Downes ifl making a mistake in treating the Force in the manner he has done of late. The (summary dismis sals on the 9th November still rankle in the minds of many ; and we notice by the town papers that what appears to be very harsh and unwarranted treatment has also guite recently been meted out to members of the Adelaide Military Band, who have been fined 10s. each for absence from a parade at which it is not usual for the band to attend. A New Variety of Grape.— At the general committee meeting of the_ Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society on Friday. March 31, Mr. W. Haines, M.P., showed specimens of a grape locally desig nated 'The White Unknown,11 which was originally found in the vineyard of Mr. John Tregeagle, at Teatree Gully, and generally believed to be a seedling, which Delief is shared by Dr. Schomburgk, to whom it has .been shown. On reference to that celebrated 'work on vines, 'AmpelographieFrancaise,' by M. Victor Render, we find that no illus tration like it exists there. It is a very valuable variety, not much snbject tooidium, highly prolific, and hardy. It resembles the sweetwater in colour and berries, but is more transparent. The foliage is also like that of the sweetwater, but all the branches are com pact, and at the bottom end separate into three parts. It has been named the Sherry Grape oy some people. Rtveb News.— The Pastoral Tims, writ ing ;on March 23, has the followirg with reference to the weather : — ' There has been no change in the weather, and although the temperature has somewhat moderated it con tinues to be of a true ' Bummer' character. Rain is apparently as far off as ever, and with an exhausting water supply in every direction and absence of grass tne outlook is gloomy enough. Stock movements have almost entirely ceased, and must of necessity be limited until a change of season takes place, From most parts of the colony there are great complaints of the want of rain. In the Mudgee District things are looking serious, and a number of small settlers there have had to sell their cattle as stores at an average price of about 10s. per head. Around Dubbo it is said the country could not look worse. About Warren the water in th» river is nnfit for use ; cattle and sheep are dying, and many station-holders are pre paring for the road. On the Lower Bogan there is gjaus and water, but on the Upper Bogan things are almost as bad as they can be. Throughout the whole of that part of the country matters look serious, and unless rain falls soon the losses will be very heavy. Preparations are being made on all sides to travel stock in the nope of saving them. From Wagga we learn that prospects are about as baa as can be imagined. From Hay also we learn that the want of rain is being severely felt.' Flinders-street Baptist Sunday-school. —A successful tea and entertainment were given to the scholars of this school on ]?riday evening, 330 scholars and friends sitting'down to tea in the church, and about 400 attending the entertainment in the Lecture Hall. Mr. W. B. Stephens, the Superintendent, pre sided, and those whose literary and musical talents were exercised for the enjoyment of the audience were the Misses Charlton, Weller, A. Marshall, A. Goode, C. E. Goode, Bowen, and Greayer, and Messrs. D. Williams, Jenkins, A. Smith, T. Smith, Lavis, Cooper, Dawkins, James, and Murdoch. Sudden Death.— The police received in formation yesterday from a man named Edward Banks, residing in Queen-street, of the_ sudden death of his grandson, James Smith, aged nine weeks. The Coroner being informed made enquiries, but found an inquest [unnecessary, as the child had died from convulsions. Revs. Messes. Roberts and Hadley.— The Chiistian Weekly of March 31 observes : —'We welcome with great pleasure the arrival of the two young ministers, whose names we have given, both to the South Australian Conference and to the work they have come to undertake. They reached our shores last Friday by the Sorata, and have since then preached on one or two occasious, to the pleasure and profit of those who heard them. They have had between two and three years of careful training in the Rich mond College, London, and we believe they will be found a valuable addition to the ranks of the ministry. It has been determined for the preeent to send the Rev. V. Roberts to Western Australia, to which colony he will pioceed to-morrow by the mail steamer to take the place in Perth Circuit which Mr. Mouland, through ilj-health, is unable to fill. The Rev. H. Hadley is to go next week to Wil minpton, in Melrose Circuit, as colleague to the Rev. T. Carter. The two newly arrived ministers are young men of cood promise, and we trust eventually both of them will in South Australia find a sphere of great useful ness.' A Bicycle Parade.— Taking advantage of the clear moonlight on Friday evening, four teen members of the S.A.B.C. and several non-members, under the direction of the captain, Mr. A. Gault, paraded at the General Post-Office, and then proceeded to the club's track at Parkside, where they were put through several drill exercises, in order to be in readiness for Easter Monday. They afterwards paraded several of the principal streets, to tne amusement of onlookers. Uhiok College.— The annual meeting of the supporters of this institution was held in the Stow Church Schoolroom on Friday evening, March 31. The Secretary's report stated that the operations for the year had been very satisfactory, and that the students had diligently pursued theircourse of studies, The balance-sheet showed that the receipts had been £346 5s 3d., as acpiinst an expedi diture of £107 19s. 3d., and that at present there were funds invested and in hand to the amount of £3,350. Complimentary Okgan Recital.— Messrs. Fincham & Hobday, organ manufacturers, who have just completed the bailding of their first organ'in this colony, are to have a complimentary recital tendered them to-day by all the leading organists in Adelaide. The recital takes place at the factory of Messrs. Fincham & Hobday, in Twin street, off Rundle-street. Theatre Royal.—' Tambour Major' was witnessed by a very large audience on Friday evening. The various characters were better delineated, and the choruses and grouphrj executed with greater precision and concise ness than on the previous evening. The Beason was announced to close to-night, but owing to the success achieved five extra nights are promised. Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths retfstered !n the General Register Office during tne week ended Saturday, March 25, were :— Births— 109 males, 103 females; deaths— 60 males, S3 females; total, 212 births, 83 deaths. Excess of births 119. For the District of Adelaide. —Births — 28 males, 28 females ; deaths— 35 males, 14 females ; total, 56 births, 49 deaths. Excess of births, 7. The Oval.— The Cup matches set down for to day are North Adelaide v. Norwood, and Hindmarsh t. Kent and South Adelaide. In the first-named match the Norwoods have 163 run3 to make and wickets to fall. Easter Regatta.— The following are the entries for this regatta, to be held on April 8, on the Torrens Lake :— Eoborlno Cup — Norwoods (two crews), South Adelaids (two crewd). Blue Jackets (two crews). Easter Cup— Norwoods (three crews). Sooth Ade laides (two crews). Vandome Cup— Norwoods (two crews), South Adelaides (two crews), Blue Jackets (two crews). ' Received.— 'Williams's Monthly Diary for April. St. Andrew's ;Church. — The Sunday-school anniversary will take place to-morrow, when, in addition to a sermon and addresses, there will be an afternoon service of song, entitled ' Jonah.' The Rev. W. R. Hiddujstose.— This newly in stalled minister of the Hindmarsh Baptist Church will conduct services there on Sunday, and will sing bis Gosnel illustrations. 