AGRICULTURAL NOTES. Tho change from extreme neat to a cooler SV:= ntmospliere that has taken place during the ?'.'.?: past week has been a welcome one, and tho '??,??, showers that havo fallen did good service in ^*;» checking the bushfires, which had hogun to 'j',^ assurao somewhat alarmine proportions. Tha1 T-: '? rain, which is anxiously looked for, both with Xt respoet to filling the reservoii'3 and softening *- ';, tho soil for autumn ploughing, has, given indi- ???,.' cations of shortly setting in. Among other ~ signs is the breaking up. of the drought on the ' 'U, New South 'Wales side. As a rule, tho break- '.-. ,. ing in that quarter precedes a uimilar change ??:;».-; here, '*vs As far as can be judged by the co-nparison ''^'; of deliveries of wheat, aa illustrative of the' '.??;'??; yield, tho falling off in the receipts by raif ^ during the past week indicates that the estiv ».'.;? mate wo gave early in January of this scason'i' . ?-,'; crop is likely to. bo a good deal nearer the t* truth than that publibhod by a contemporary. .j, ., Last year, it will be remembered, the Austral- r', j asian persisted for months — even in the face ? '. ! of overwhelming evidence to tho contrary — in ,- ; raising a deficiency scare. This year tho op- .?.* . positc rdlc has been adopted, aud an attempt rv- is made to impress upon farmers and others interested in the wheat trade that our available surplus for export — irrespective of the balance of wheat held from 1881 — will be no Ies3 than 120,000 tons, op 20,000 tons in excess of our exports of 1881i The leader estimate, founded upon a vory careful examination, by our special agricultural reporter, of the actual position of tho wheat harvest in January last, w.is only 70,000 tons surplus, and it would appear from the latest advices to hand that our estimate is again likely to provo the correct one. Last year the' valuable information afforded by the Austra lasian to its readera was proved by results to be wrong to the extent of about 2,000,000 o£ bushels, and this year there is a fair probability that tho mistake it has mado on the other side will bo equally wide of tho mark. J7nrmera and others Bhould carefully remember the past, results of our contemporary's guesses in tha dark, so as to enable them to form a correct^, estimate of the value of tho information tlius, offered them. ': ?Of all classes in the community perhaps^ farmers have derived the smallest amount o£i benefit from tho International Exhibition.' However it is likely to provo beneficial to'. thorn also, always provided that they or turns' agonts manage the business with shrewdness and honesty. Wo are gratified to learn that a trade with Europe in grasB seeds is likely to be opened up ; it having been discovered by European firms who had representatives at tho exhibition, that grass seeds can be, grown in Victoria, equal in quality, and at a cheaper! rate than they can bo obtained iu Europe. Consequently, a trado has been commonced, ono firm having sent an order for £1000 worth of ' artificial' fodder-grass seeds. Sa that a fine opportunity, is opening for farmers, especially in tho districts of Gippslaud where grasses grow so well, to establish a lucrative trade in thoso commodities. It appears from reports in tho homo papers recoivod by last mail that thero is a deDoient yield of English red olover, nnd it is of a low grade of quality. Of white and Alsike clovers a larger quantity than usual was seouredduringthe early summer, butthemain supply will havo to bo drawn from tho continent. Lucerne is reported to bo a. Bhort orop, but prices wore not reaching very .high. The French crop of Italian Ryo-grass , 13 not up to tha averago ; tlio quality of tho seed, howover, is better than for ocveral Boa- ; sons.' Owing to tho iaot that all yoarluiff; stocks have been cleared out, a oonsidorablo ^. advance upon last year's prices : has Jaken ; place. The English crop ^-''ISS- [hih years, Perennial rjegem wm at «'»? the highest prioo it has touched for many yours, and the demand wna largo. Natural grasses wore scarce, though vory good qual ity,' one! generally above tho average pricos. Mr. B. A. F. Murray, geological surveyor, has furnished a report to the Minister of Water Supplv on the advisability of boring Tor water at Donald. The conclusion arrived at by Mr, Murray is that there is a reasonable probability of finding supplies of fresh water \\-y means of boring or sinking any where from Donald to the Murray, and that it is possible Buoh water may bo found to rise to the sur face when tapped. He recommends that no f^tYin l»a Inaf- in tuit.Hnnr rinwm n. finnn hnpn in the town of Donald, and that from Doiiald a . line of bores, ono or two miles apart to com menco with, be put down along the three-chain toad-running northerly. Mr. Murray supports tho statement made by the special reporter of The leader, writing ou tho condition of tho northern selectors, viz., that it is nearly useless to look for copious water supply from shallow depths, and that the boring should be carried down to the bed rock, with efficient machines, capable of piercing to a depth of 1600 feet, or Wore if roqnired. Mr. Murray intends, in a Jmbseqiiont report, to deal exhaustively with geological facts and deductions ou whioh he bases his belief that artesian wells are likely to bo found in tho North-Western district. A meeting of stock agents was held at Kirk's Bazaar on Feb, 24, to protest against tho recent alterations in the regulations for conveying cattle on tho railways. Tho question was discussed in a general mariner, and tho expression of opinion \- from most present was that tho new Fpgnlations wore too restrictive in their opera lion, and would tend to divert stock from JUverinu to Sydney, instead of being for Warded to Melbourne, and though it might Suit Mr. Bent's ideas of 'commercial prin ciples,' it would bo at the expense of tho Mel bourne stock agents, who contrilinted largely to the'reveuue of the Railway department. It was also pointed oat that it was unfair to make it an absolute condition that when trucks were ordered a forfeiture should bo made if they Wore not used, irrespective of circumstances wising to prevent it, though it was conceded thataGne was necessary to prevent bogusbrders. No formal resolution was passed to that effect, though it was understood at the olose of the meeting that a deputation should at an early date interview the Minister of Railways with the view of endeavoring to obtain some altera tions in the regulations referred to. The Chairman of Ithe Tariff Commission has written to the Government relative to the td&rming; rate at which tho supply of wattle bark is diminishing. According to tho. evidence given before tho commission by Beveral tanners, tho leather trade IB likely to bo Bcriously affected by tho eoarelty of bark, and that unless systematic cultivation of the wattle, either by the State or by private enterprise, is at onco com menced, three-fourths of the 'Victorian tannera mukt cIobo their premises within three years' time. The attention of the Government is bIso directed to tho great loss inflicted on the trade by the manner in which cattlo are branded, no regard being paid to the part of the hide injured. It is estimated that £100,000 is lost per annum to the colony by the careless branding and flaying. Among onr Memoa by the Mail will be found a paragraph on this subject. Repeated complaints have been mnde to the Lands department about tho inferior qual.ty of phosphorised oats supplied by the Govern ment contractor. A number of samples have boon submitted to Messrs. Johnson and New bory, who report favorably as to the -quality of the phosphorised oats. It is stated that if exposed to intense heat the oats are rendered useless for rabbit destruction, and that pro bably the complaints about the noneffoctivo aess of Bomo of the phosphorised oats supplied to selectors arises from their deterioration b y exposure to heat. j Arrangements have been made by tho New '? Couth Wales committee forthe Bordeaux Wine Exhibition for the proper representation of that colony at tho exhibition. The first lot of ' Wines are to be despatched by the Assam on Oth March. The Government has telegraphed for 600 square feet of space. In a circular fssued by the ootnmitteo it is stated that the principal object in sending samples of wineB So Bordeaux is to ascertain whether sales for them in large quantities can be effected. The executive secretary is to invite tho attention 61 skilled capitalists whose vineyards have been destroyed in France by diseases to the boundless fields open in the colony to their operations. Arrangements have been mada for copies of special numbers of all Victorian nAWRnttnpra Twinfr nrnniii*nf»l#» in 4-Iia Vin^mii.n court at Bordeaux, and also that every de scription of general information about the colony be supplied to all inquirers. As bearing upon tho trellis system of vine culture, an account is given in the Queens fander of a vine growing in the vineyard of Mr, O. F. Gorier, of Carlaburg near Brisbane, which this year has borne upwards of a thousand punches of grapes :— The stem measures 25 Inches in circumference. At ono foot from tho ground it branches but in four arms, one of I which is 8J inches, ono 0J inohes, one 10 Indies, and one 12 inches in circumference. These branch out again in smaller ones, and run south, north, and west on trellises ; they extond south (from the stem) 46 feet, north 39 feet, and weet 19 feet /With lho view of making the exhibits of Wines from Sydney as attractive as possible at the BordfiftTnr T!Yllihitfnn. n (firm* \\\l\innfnrA\\\n card in five printings, bearing, in both French and English, the inscription ' Australian wines from Now South Wales,' has been exeoutod at the Surveyor- General's Office. The design is Remarkably handsome, and Mr. Henry Bon bard, the executive secretary of the Exhibition Committee, who has started vid Melbourno for London, takes with him 400 of these eardB for use and distribution in Bordeaux. Tho idea . bight be worthy of consideration by the .Victorian Committee. 