The Farmers in Trouble. fA kind contributor lias sent us the following « Original Poetry," dedicated " to the Rescue of our Farmers, the mainstay of our country. The writer b name is not given; it may be the work of a firstclass poet; we cannot tell. All wo can is the sentiment is as good as though it had been wuttcn by the Poet Laureate, Tennyson.—ED.J Who was it first cleared the soil of Australia, Once thick with dense scrub and fallen dead wood, And tons upon tons of hungry white limestone, And made it produce us our principal food 2 'Twasthe Farmers, I say, and unto this day Tlicy toil and they slave in the heat of the sun, With the ploughcr and mower, the reaper and sower, Pausing but seldom till day light is gone. Then pity the Farmers, for troubles have they, Which none but themselves can explain, To instance bush-fires, weeds, smut and red rust, And everything crying for rain. Even now in the north they are carting the water, Miles upon miles for a drink 1 And those who are paying will have to go shorter. Of clothes and perhaps food—only think! The cattle are dying in hundreds there too, For the want of a drink, it is said ; The sheep they are following fast as they can, While their owners are toiling for bread. Then say, fellow men, must this still go on, In a civilized country like ours When of wheat there's no yield, and all of us feel When we see the parched head bear no flowers. We have made up subscriptions for Irish and Jews, With Widows and Orphans beside, And if I mistake not, the starving Hindoos Get a share without favour or pride. But now 'tis our people in houses of stone, (Tho' some live in houses of mud), Letithem live where they may they arc our mainstay, And some are our own flesh and blood. Then Fathers and Mothers, Sisters and Brothers, Rally in crowds one and all; Hand it out willing, if only a shilling, Rise up en masse to the call. Remember the Farmers, their hardships and troubles. AVith children perhaps six or seven, Give unto Him who 'gives to us all, For such gifts are recorded in heaven. Remember my friends, when the rain it falls down, Soaks the ground and overflows tanks, And the golden wheat bends with its weight in the breeze, The Almighty has rendered you thanks ! Edialeda Trop. SATINAMUH EGROEG. 