NOTES FROM A RAILWAY CAR- RAGE ON THE GIPPSLAND LINE To anyone travelling from Sale to Melbourne at this particular time of the year the journey can scarcely be called interesting, After leaving Sale and travelling to Morwell, the whole of the splendid grass land through which the railway line passes, and on which a few weeks ago the grass was beautiful and green now presents a dry and parched up appearance as though it were suffering from a severe attack of scarlet fever, while the swamps and water-holes are in most places com pletely dried up. After stoppinig at the neat little township of Morwell for a few minutes we proceed on our way, and here the. country assumes a different appearance,, and on either side of the line traces of the recent bush-fires are to be seen, which will no doubt account for the heavy smoke clouds which have enveloped Maffra a week or two back, this is continued until we reach Moe and from thence to Drouin, the bush-fires were to be seen in active operation. Afternight had set.in, the sight as seen from the railway carriage window was in some places truly grand, more especially near Warragul; here the fire had caught the tall dead trees and the flames had crept to the very tips, and resembled hundreds of huge torches, while the lurid light from the burning made up a scene of undergrowth gran dour. From a fellow passenger, I learnt that the whole of the country for twenty miles around had been on fire, and that the destruction of fencing had been enormous. Along the line large piles of fire-wood are to be seen ready to be conveyed to Melbourne, but owing to the scarcity of trucks the woodcutters can not for the present get it to market; this bad both for the cutter and consumers and it cer tiinly not creditable to the Railway Departmint. There is one noticeable feature that one cannot fail to observe on the journey, and more. particularly at this dry season, and that is the pretty gardens at the gatekeepers cot tages on the line, and in some places the gardens appeared one mass of bloom, which has a most refreshing effect after passing through the heat and smoke. I really do not know why Mr. Bent should start the afternoon train from Sale at twenty minutes to five instead of, as it used to be, at 4 o'clock; I suppose he must have good reasons for so doing, but I think every traveller will admit, that ten.minutes to eleven p.m. is a very awkward time to arrive in Melbourne. Nor do I agree with the carriages travelling with un locked doors. Not only is it dangerous, for some people will persist in getting out before the train is stopped, and more especially at Warragul where fifteen minutesis given for refreshment, and when the train is crowded as was the case on the present occasion, every one rushed out at once and the conse quence it was took some nearly, ten minutes to reach the refreshment room. 