BREVIA. Diphtheria at Horsham. Mansfield wants a water loan. Tremendous bushfire near Colne. Very small crop of grapes at Albury. I^ du » was "ground but is • Watcr, water,” is the cry everywhere Hißh pncea dffered for grapes at AlbuA- The Romeo baa disappeared all but the?tp, n freely! 1618 ““ M ‘ Slnitb baß^st «Hing En“ h ° P ° £ A<3ela!de hl ' S iUrived «Wj in thS.“ Cilrted 17 mik3 —ParUof uS^ tS from the be^pbint a ed. tWO " P ° UCe «to co A sid^atio°n. deal Withtbß Stor “= s * 3 Mder ■House burned down at Herne Hill. Heelea, on Wednesday, 1 0I1 & Tlle new railway elation at Geelone will b. begun at once. b 1 “ e A constable censured for brutality to ar,: soner at Kerang. f‘t- Emerald Hill wants to he a city becac. Richmond is one. J u ' a ■ Spain is having built in England several iron ships for her fleet. gn GiX“ 6 rie: £ The Argm thinks that the case ol Crook, should be reviewed. 9 Ho foundation for the statement as to. land league at Koroifc. 4 T Th ® Ministry will bring in an Amended Local Government Bill. “ Wages are lower and food is dearer in Gar. many than in England; The elevated street railway in Hew Tori« an extraordinary success, ’ v>-Ti' 9 ., n - e %T t ?, QlicemaQ t 0 the township oi Riddell is 12 miles away. v Dissatisfaction as to the handicaps for fta boys* swimming matches. 8 On one station 18.000 sheep are dependant on the water from one well. The Shops* Commission will coma to Ballarat; probably nest week. The condemned man Crook ia aaidtohava been known as ** Cranky Crook.” A fire brigade squabble in Sandhurst re garding precedence in processions. , Mr R. M. Smith, suffering from broachitii Date of farewell banquet uncertain. The Melbourne Observatory predicts “fim weather.** We hope that it is wrong. The Geelong licensed victuallers’ annual picnic Tuesday nest, at Portarliogton. The parcels of newspaper correspondents are now to be carried free on the railways. 9156 tons of potatoes have been shipped from Warrnambool already this season. ** The dispute about the free passes for the Postal Department has been allowed to drop. The Age complains that the public office smell of cookery between tho hours of I* and 3. The wells and springs around Daylwford have begun to fail, a thing never known before. The Geelong Reform League are angry with Mr Berry for not delivering his promised address. Mr J. H. Seymour, patentee of a safety casa has met with a serious accident at Laua. ceston. A farmer at Buckrabanyule sowed 200 acres of wheat last year and did not reap one bag from it. 5 Mr James Finlay, the squatter, has proved 1 that the selectors have taken water freely from his dams. Some persons in Melbourne have taken to carrying revolvers, as a protection against larrikins. Id Nevada were recently found living worm embedded in a solid stratum o! clay, 300 feet below the surface. | The arrivals by sea in the colony of Victoria | during the month of January last were 6235; the departures 5314. A man is charged with bigamy in Melbourne. It turns out that his wife also committed bigamy in marrying him. The Hamilton spectator still harps upon the discontinuance of the second train to that place, and very justly so too. The Y.M.C.A. still require £2OO to enable them to take advantage of the generous offer of the Hon, Francis Ormond. Mr J. Robertson, the owner of Poor Me* ia ready to accept the challenges made, but tbs challengers are holding back. The burglaries which have recently been committed in Melbourne bear the mark of skilled and professional artists. It is said that on a station in the north 50,000 sheep and 2000 cattle must perish if there is not rain within a week. A woman who ran out to see the fire at Geelong was knocked down by a man running to the fire, and broxe her thigh. According to the Age there is nothing which your faithful conservative will stick at to save his friend’s credit and bis own. The Spectator says that the Department u wasting mute money in running special trains than the second train used to cost. The water famine is now affecting places that have never previously withiu the history of the colony been in want of water. Country visitors to Portland on Tuesday were gratified by the sight of a shark, 15 or 16 feet long, leisurely swimming about. The Telegraph thinks that it will take mora than a generation to finish the Parliament Houses at the present rate of progress. The Princess Louise is about to contribatfl to “ Good Words" a series of drawings Ulus* trative cl Quebec and its neighborhood. Messrs Nimmo, M.L.A., C. Hodgkinaon and Captain Perry, wao represent the Uuvernmint on the Harbor Trust, have been re-appointed for three years. The booking clerks at tho Hobson’s Bit station are to be placed in the same position in the service as their fellow employees it Flinders street. The Scawell paper explains that the people do not want to repudiate the water loan, they only desire to pay just as much as they can afford and no mure. One of the first acta of President Arthur hu been to issue an authoritative announcement Chat iu future no Government appointment* will be given to women. Crook maintains the same stolid demeanor he has exhibited since his admission to tbs gaol, and this is thought by many to favor tbs theory that he is not of sound mind. The Argus says:—"A good deal of disap pointment will be felt in the Volunteer Foma if Easter is really to pass over without any thing in the shape of an encampment.” Major Smith will sos whether refractory witnesses cannot be compelled to give evi dence before tbe Shops Commission, lbs Major does not intend to be trilled with. Tho World says:—“The reign of the larri kin in Victoria, if not speedily checked by th* lash ortho treadmill, is likely to produce* rather curious revolution ia our social state. We (Argus) have already shown that there oan be no difference of interest beiwsso |- 5 employers and employed iu the manufactures trades, so far as tho tariff is concerned. I& 3 is palpable.” The Portland Guardian says:— 1 “If&OOcr; £3OO a year is spent, even unwisely, or only with but little advantage to the public, upon a decayed legislator, no serious or irreporaW injury is done anyone.” There is a discussion in Ohio concsrDicj whether pastors have a right to kiss other people’s wives and daughters. A few huawp and fathers can settfe the dispute when twj have a few moments’ leisure. , A telegram has been received from '»I C * proof, stating that the water °btainabw that town is so bad that the people will w to leave the place if relief does not come the form of rain or otherwise. . ... Another effort will be made coming session to obtain tho sanction ' olt liament to a measure authorising w® bourne Omnibus Company to consol* tramways in the the metropolis. » Evidence as to the advisability of aory early closing contradictory. s that if the Legislature compel to close at a certaiu hour, they must assist the shopkeepers to meet their buh* The discovery of a deserted city, 69 ~ long, cut out of tho rocky face of a vrw » cliff, rewarded the efforts of Mr eVc f af ir- Smithsonian Institution exploring p al ff its researches in New Mexico audAttfJU past season. , nW Tho Qetlong Advertiser says:-" The cow in all probability, would now condone faults of which Sir Bryan OLogh.en have been guilty at the fornwuop Ministry, bub the country cannot, it u c much longer stand Mr Bent.” .. Tha Argus says:—“Tha report of naval officer on tba defences of must be referred to as another 81 exhibitions of rashness of jodgnwn have caused oublio oonSdenoe to beW from that officer." , a(J Somebody says—“ Tha devil \i the world after woman was placed wj which Susan B. Anthony replied”" fed 1 had been only men in the world J would never come into the crowds, jj e have found better company at homo. 