INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. [BY Ti'i.iauivj!.] (I'KO.M OUll OWN COUKI'SfONm*NTS.) VECTOHTA. MBLIiOURNE, TUESDAY. A special roport has been piesciitcd to the City Council on tho existing means of ogress from the Molbourno thoatros. The Royal is eoniddired to bo woll provided willi moana of escape, also with means for tho speody extinction of fire. In. tho Opera II ouse tho entrance is small, and pronounced to ho innullicput and dangerous. At tho Dijou oa an ordinary night the houso is oleared and the lights aro out ia foin-minutes, and tho means of extinguishing lire aro ¡implo and in good order. The Princess is also well provided. At St. George's Hall tho outlets aro ropoited ns sa dangerous that unless other and bettor provision ii in ado tho hall should not bo licensed na a placo of publio amusement. Tho report states that ni ovor_y place it has become tho practico to block up the gang- ways with extra Boats, and recommends that this Id strictly forbidden. The Victorian and/Pasmonian Methodist Conforenco opened this evening. Tho Rev, J. G. Millard, ol Tas- mania, AVUS oloolod president ,for the year. The uddrossca doliverod stated that during (ho past yea*. very great prosperity had attended tim Chinch ; and also mentioned that the fund for the relief o| families of ministers who polish ed in the Turan» had reached li'JOOO. John Parkins, a solicitor, has boon sentenced to Ihre« months' imprisonment for bogging alms in a public pl.U'0. A Avoman named Sutherland, white closing a pad' dock at Warrnambool, yesterday, wan gored by a bull, which tossed her into tho air. The animal was driven oil'by a man and nttorAvardH destroyed. The worn in received a frightful wound in tho thigh, and another: on tho scalp. A man named Martinets, ongagod in loading tho ship Mario Elian at Williamstown, was struck by a sling and knocked overboard. Jlo ivan rcscuod from drown, ing and was removed to the hospital in an insonsibH and dangerous condition. , No furthor fiaaos.nC pmallnox aro ronortod. The Gifcr» Council urge the Government to detain the ivhole of the passengers for tho l'nil term prescribed. In conse- quence of certain rumours which hai-u reached the Government, the health officer has been instructed to release none of tho passenger a unless with the consent and under the authority of ihe ' Government. Dr. Bulmer is staled to have expressed the opinion that the Baloon passengers might bo rolieased without danger, further detention being an unnecessary haidship. A later telegram horn the quarantine states that Morgan, n steeiage passenger to Melbourne, who was attacked poon after the Garonne arrived, and who Y,-as reported na convalescent by the ship's doctor, suffered a severe relapse, and died. The Goi-ernment have decided to appoint another doctor to assist Dr. ?Bulmer. Tenders have been called for clearing a strip of scrub IO feet wide from beach to beach along the fence, in order to nllow of a moro fifiicient police patrol. ' At a special meeting of the 'Board of Health, Bra. Hardy and Youl considered that the first and second class passengers might be released after isolation for l-l days from the third claes. Dr. Clarko thought they should all bo kept for 14 days after convalescence of the last case. The Cabinet, having considered those opinions, had decided that no person shall leave until a date to be fixed by tho Cabinet. Captain Chapman takes command of the Nelson (s.)i When the repairs are completod. The Bulvia, n vessol which formerly was commanded by Captain Smith, j leaves the service of the Western Steam Navigation ,j Co., to whom both vessels belonged. i Grain is coming in freely. The amount loaded at i Victorian stations last week Yvas 90,000 bags, against 'i 88,000 for tho previous week. '' A bushfire on Fitzgerald's selection, at Kobylyn, in:; jthe Seymour district, on Sunday, destroyed 500 acres [ of grass, and several miles of fencing iu tho neighbour- hood. Tho selectors made strenuous exertions to arrest the progress of tho flames, but did not succeed until Ífonday, when the fire was apparently extinguished, ut it ¿roko out afresh to-day, and is still burning. Mary Ann Wilkie, a respectable married Yvotnan, lately suffering from kleptomania, has been sentenced lo three months' imprisonment for stealing 35 yards of,, Bilk and a parasol. Tho miners' strike at Egerton continues, A hunàroul píen are out. In consequenco of the agitation in connection withl Ihe stoppage of free passes, Mr. Bent has coramuni-r fcated with tho other colonies, inquiring what rule exists! in regard to the matter. Mr. J. II. Alley, police magistrate at Armrat, hast. Îeen appointed on the Ford Board of Inquiry in placet; f Mr. Zeal. The Minister of Works, to-day, proposed to the} ¡Cabinet that a new hopper dredgo be purchased! for deepening the channels in the harbour, and1 suggested that a Y-GÍ-SOI such 09 that used in Adelaide, for which no lighter is re« j .quired, be obtained. The Government thought it.] anight bo a more bpoedy way of obtaining a suitable-i. Wessel to consider tho purchase of tho one now iai| pydnoy harbour, which Yvas not in use, and would boV inost serviceable, and buggcBtetl that efforts might beij piade to purcha-o or charter tho vessel. Mr. Youngi-i Jwill visit Sydney on Friday, and endeavour to'negoü-j Uto the sale or hire of the dredgo. | j Tortor Smith, who was siispanded on nccorunt of Alleged disco jile-y to passengoiß on tho suburban line who refused to show their tickets, has been ruinstatcd. [ The border treaty between South Australia and Vic- toria was ugretd to by ihe GoY'i-inmerit on behalfÍ of this colony to-day. The document vvill bi>¡ signed and sealed without délai, Tho treaty will, bo in forco till a dato to bo subsequently fixed., Tho arrangements apply 20 miles east of the boundary! line of tho tit o colonies. Tho articles exempted aroi agricultural implements, live block, enginoa, boilers,) condensers and likings, jewellery,' watches, machinery,! opium, spirits, cordials, «tobacco, cigars, snuff, winc,i cheese. It is provided that pioiruota may bo refused if \ tho Customs' oilicurs have reason to believe the goods} are being forwarded from one colony to (another with; a vieiv to take advantage of tho dillerenem/in the tariffs,, and not intended for bona-tido border - trado or UM-, ' Tho ttoaty will terminate ut a month's aotico by uithor party. A meeting of elector.-» of tho Wentworth district, rosidont in Melbourne, wai held at Scott s Hotel this j evening in connection with tho ¡amendingelection. Mr.i Charles Turner, who was in tho chair, read t-oinu tele-' grams received from Wtintr.voi'tli. The follotving'resolu-l lion, proposed hy Mr. Alfred Bo Suilly, seconded byl "Mr. W. 0. dig butt, "was carried unanimously,- j .' That this ineetinjj cxpres-es its astonishmeut atl tho telegrams which have been bent to Wentworth) Stating thal Mr. Evens' commitine admitted having] acted too hastily, which is contrary to fact, and lhw| meeting pledge» itself to hitpoort Mr. Jivans, and wili: do all it can to assist bus candidature». It ivas, decided j that voters in ]Y1 elbon mo leaie their names at thei ollico of Tinner and Son, in Melbourne, ia order llititi arrangements may bo mado for a special train toi Echuca. ' ' Sir Charles Byan, YY-hn carno by tho ship Sobraon,, lhas boon summoned for ut»ing abusivo hinguupc to u, ¡railway porter, also for rofaanur to sboiwhis ticket.-. , 