NEWS IN BRIEF. A corrflapondent at Fremaatle. under (be BKnatere ot nTn.vctter/'..wJshe» to know whether Ufaeara. Lilly &Co.; have carried out Aeir promise to the Government to rednce passenger fares and cargo rates in accordance with tbe scale accepted by tbe Legislature when the new contract was under consideration. In our next issue -we hope to be able to give some informa tion on the subject. The Lady Superioress of tbe Perth Convent left for Europe by the Otway on Sunday morning last. Previous to her departure a purse of ninety sovereigns was presented to her as a token of the esteem in 'which she is' held in the community, many subscribing other than those of her own Church. We bear the amount is likely to be supplemented by donations from the outlying districts yet to come in. Mr. Cosens*s last circular states that 6S3 galls., rum, 329 galls, brandy, 1O9 galls, white wine, and 2 galls, red wine were entered for export to Fremautle for the three weeks «nftiifr January 7. The total quantities shipped in London to the Aus tralian colonies and New Zealand during the same period were — spirits, 367,420 galls.; wine, £1,093 galls The activity of the City Supervisor in compelling owners of allotments to repair their fences abutting on the streetB is at length showing good results. Much more, however, remains still to be done. The old cry of the want of timber is now removed, since Mr. Lacey keeps large quantities of all sizes stacked in his yard, and there is no lack of labor to do the work. We hope to see no favoritism shown, and no portion of the city better looked after than another. Next to Friday, the 10th instant, when tbe thermometer registered 114 deg. in the shade, Friday last was the hottest day ex perienced in Perth for several years past, the temperature being greatly increased by the prevalence of bush- fires in the suburbs. At two p.m. the thermometer rose to 103 deg. ia the shade and 124 deg. in the sun. A South Australian contemporary gives a very interesting actions'- of the ill-effects arising from the excessive use of teaaad coffee. It is well known, it says, that, comparatively speaking, a very large quantity of tea and coffee is drunk in the colony, much more in fact than is physically good. Doctors have inveighed against the practice, writers have written about it, but all in vain. People consider that in the hot weather they must drink something with their meals, and generally they like to have a good deaL For many reasons alcoholic drinks are not suitable to the general run. of people, and aerated waters are little liked as a regular thing-, so that nothing remains but tea and coffee and such like beverages. Now,, these articles are all very well in their way, and so long as moderation is shown in using them, they afford a delightful refreshment without having injurions effects. But here the difficulty lies, tea drinkers will take three or four, or even five caps at one meal, and often at eve^y meal in the day, and drinkers of coffee continue to imb:be that beverage on every available opportunity. The late Dr. Hawkins, of Adelaide, used to say that the laise of half the dyspepsia, in the colony was due to coffee ^1-111^111^ and half the total Bicknefis tojthe habit of immoderate tea drinking. There is a good d&jl; in this, and the assertion is more especially true with regard to coffee — that is of course when it is taken to excess. A celebrated French Bivant says that from experiments be recently made it is proved, beyond a doubt, that coffee has a very decided tendency to retard digestion. In one case he gave to a dog a meal of about a half a pound of meat, and one ounce and a quarter of coffee infused into six ounces of water. Three hours afterwards the animal was killed, and it was found that there were still three parts of the meat in its stomach, undigested. In experimenting at the same time on another dog, only without administering coffee, he found fully half the meat digested. Other animals were also tested, bat always with the same result. Under tiuse circumstances it would be well for persons inclined todyspepsiato refrain from much coffee-drinking, and for every one so itu-Hno^ fa discontinue the habit of fairing it to excess. In the case of tea, very much depends on the way it is 'made.' It should never be allowed to draw more than ten minutes or a quarter of an hour. If left for a greater length of time, substances highly inimical to good digestion enter the infusion. We understand that a petition to His Excellency the Governor is in circulation at York praying for the erection of another bridge across the Avon, in that township. These of our readers who have visited York are aware that there are already two bridges across the river at each end of the town which, up to the present time, have been considered sufficient for all purposes. It is said that the increased traffic necessitates greater width of the bridges, and that it would be more ad- vantageous to the public to construct a new crossing than to keep the old bridges in repair. Where's the money to come from? The Road Loan is to be expended in repairs, not on new work, and as soon as the railway is extended to York there will be considerably less traffic for teams than at present. Where, then, is the neces- sity for a new bridge ? Acting upon instructions from the Mayor, on Friday, the 10th inst., the In- spector of Weights and Measures went to the shop of Mr. D. Gray, in Wellington Street, who is a retailer of bread, and weighed eight loaves supposed to be two pounds each, in the standard balance. They were weighed separately, and were from 1lb. 11oz. to 1lb. 12oz., and 1lb. 14oz. each, one loaf being 4¾oz. short weight. that loaf was now 6½ ounces short. On the following day, at about noon, the same loaves were weighed in the presence of Mr. J. Forrest, J.P. The eight loaves were then 1lb. 13oz. deficient in weight. On Saturday morning last, at the suggestion of Mr. Gray, the Inspector allowed him to send to a baker for two 2-lb. loaves of bread ; they were smoking hot, and weighed half an ounce each overweight. On Monday morning each loaf was 1½oz. short, but neither of them had shrunk so much as four ounces. The two loaves now were nine ounces short. The bread was not first-class, but in quality as good as any bread in the market. The Inspector sub- sequently went to Mr. Dyson, of whom Mr. Gray procured the loaves, and weighed his bread as it came out of the oven ; it was then short weight. The case was clearly proved, and the defendant was fined 20s. and costs. Mr. Gray was further charged with having a false balance, and a 3-lb. weight which was short. The weight was found on the counter; a lad named Pain said that the weight was never used, and the defendant, who admitted that the scales were wrong, said that the weight was used to beep the door open. The case was proved, and Mr. Gray fined 20s. and costs. A third summons, charging Mr. Gray with neglecting to have a light kept burn- ing from sunset to sunrise on building materials in a street opposite the new Presbyterian Church, was further fined 20s. and costs. We regret to hear that on Friday evening last a member of the Rifle Band had the misfortune to lose a large sum of money in the Public Gardens. The loss is a severe one, and we trust the finder will quickly restore the amount to its rightful owner. The Hon. Patrick Higgins, M.L.C., the well-known railway contractor, died recent- ly in Sydney. Mr. Higgins was identified with numerous public works in New South Wales and in Victoria. He constructed the Zig Zag Railway across the Blue Mountains — one of the greatest achieve- ments ever accomplished in railway engineering. Complaints reach us of the inadequacy of the Customs accommodation at Fremantle, more especially for spirits and beers. For want of proper arrangements a large quantity of beer belonging to a firm in Fremantle was recently destroyed, owing to bad storage. Considering that the Customs charge rent for bonded goods, they should, we think, provide such storage as will enable them to re-deliver goods in the same condition as when received. While upon this subject we are somewhat surprised that no provision has been made for the storage of gunpowder, kerosene, and other conbus- tibles apart from the building in general use for bonded goods. The tunnel under the Gaol Hill has been mentioned as a suitable place. His Brrelleucy fee Governor, Lady BobuMMO, and family, accompanied by their bowebold, proceeded on Saturday last, per Otway, to the MTariint Bwridwine at Bottoest, wb«re they intend staying for asbort period. On Friday last, a carter named MLhael Bryan, in tbe employment of Messrs. BkbgMd * Co, received a ctrnp-desoleO, durirf; the beat of tbe day. Under Dr. SuottSafcaful treatment he rallied, and has since. . been transferred to the Colonial Hospital. Robert Beesley, an emigrant per 'Hast- ings.'* was brought up at the Perth Police Court on Monday last, charged with setting fire to aafaok of hiy, containing twenty tons, the property of Mr. Joseph Harris, of die fiyn»iing ; *hp mm gay? frimaylf up. to the poftee as. baring committed the outrage, but «*—»i»»~» to give bis reason ; he was remanded for eight days. Attbefximinslasfdaesheldon the 19th ulto., at Singapore, a Malay or Javanese, named Pertual, iths charged with harjngmur dered Captain Cadell, of tbe ecboner Gem, some two or three years ago. This man was handed over some months ago by the Kathf-r]pntfa.Tn-linTi authorities, and has been remanded frnn time to time, the witnesses having been lost sight of. Two witnesses have at last been procured upon whose evidence tbe uase has beea sent up for trial. The Bev. C. G. NicoWy, acting upon tie direction of His Excellency the Governor, has sent to tbe various Resi dencies copies of instructions for collecting, and forms for the description of geological specimens and minerals, for the use of such persons as may eh ose to contribute to the formation of a collection to illustrate tbe geology of the colony. For this purpose a room has been set apart and is being fitted up in Fremantle, and we make no doubt that a la ge collection in course of time will be mtde, and prove useful to colonists and visitors. Specimens of the new mineral discoveries in the Darling , Ranges should form a valuable addition to tbe intended collection. Favourable accounts have been reeeivpd by the Bnby of pearling operations at the North-We-*. Messrs. Clarkson Bros', boat is reported to have secured sm much as fifty tons of shell ; the Harriet, Mr. Wrigh! son's boat, coming saxt, with thirteen tons. Mr. Avery's last shipment of horses to Colombo, per Janet, realised tip-top prices — average, about thirty-one guineas a head. The prices realised for dogs were highly satisfactory also. There is a further increase in the value of sandalwood in tbe Singapore market. The shipment per steamship Ocean, whi jh should arrive at its destination to-day, will probably reach a better market thin has been known for many years past. Lasl advices give the value of fair-sized wood at 4'53 to 5 dollars per picoL Mr. Isaac Sharpe, a minister of the Society of Friends, is now in New South Wales. In the course of an address h.-t delivered in Sydney, he expressed the gratification which he ha-i experienced at seeing, at the capital of MadagaB^ar, a conference of as many as 2000 pers -ns who had been converted to Christianity. Mr. Sharpe is marring a tour of these colonies, and purposes visiting Western Australia, if t me permits. Our old feiljjF-colonist Mr. K. N. Bullen, after a residence of twenty-two yeirs in this colony, purposes taking a short trip to England, on a visit to bis friends and rela tives ; after which he intends returning and going inti the building line. His valuable property in Hay and Murray Streets he has disposed of for £3250 tj Mr. W. Hearman, who has occupied the premises during tbe past four years. All the unsold scrip of the Bunbnry Jarrah Timber Co. (Limited) has been purchased by Messrs. Harrold Bros., iron mongers and hardware merchants, of A di*ln;ul4*. Scrip in the local market has consequently gone up in value fully ten percent. The following- is the homeward route ordered for H.M.S. Bacchante with tbe Princes Albert Edward and George of Wales on board : — Leave Singapore on Janu ary 15, 1882, arrive at Colombj on January 27, remaining seven days. Leave Colombo February 3, arrive at Aden February 21, remaing two days. Leave Aden February 23, arrive at Suez March 7. Leave Suez March 8. arrive at Port Said Ma-ch 11. Leave Port Said the same day, arrive at Alexandria March 12, remaining fourteen days. Leave Alexandria on March 26, and reach Jaffa or Beyrout March 29, remaining twenty five days. Le&ve; Beyr jut April 23, reaching Athens April 29. remaining seven days. Leave Athens May 6, and reich Brindisi May 10. Tbe Cleopatra accom panies the Bacchante as far as Suez. There has been quite a rush for insurance policies since the late fires broke out. Why not start a local fire insurance company ? Several cases of sunstroke hare happened during tbe past week ; a large dog at Fre maatle aisi fell A victim. The City of Perth Gas Company is flourishing and gradually gaiuiog a firm footing on all sides. Mr. Fentou Hill has been appointed Secretary, vice Mr. Comma, resigned, and the prospects of the company are so brilliant that it is expected the share list wiii be closed during t.ie coming week. The first call will then be made upon tbe shareholders, and before the first half of the present year has passed the company hope to hare th-- works in full swing. We under stand tLat it is tbe intention of the com pany, in the first instance, to fix the main from the Freemasons' Hotel to Marfieet's corner, passing along Hay Street to tue Town Hall, thence to the Weld CIuH, and back to Silvester's. We may therefore reasonably hope that during the present year the principal portions of Hay Street and St. George's Terrace wiil he illuminated. Many of our readers a.-e doubtless aware t-iiat a d&nijrerous; contagious disease in horses has recently broken out Tbe disease is a ntsal disorder, and was discovered by Mr. Conway, the veterinary surgeim, «ho detected it in aa imported mare belong ing to Mr. McKay, wiuc'a has for some time been stabled at the United Service HoteL Mr. Conway reported the circumstance to the Government, upon which steps were taken to prevent a spread of tbe dise.se. We since hear from Mr. Conway that the mare has been restored to perfect he -I h, aad that he has recommeuded her being allowed to take ner ordinary exerjjse. The Rifle Band will play the following programme in the Public Girdens on Friday evening next, ''' mon*°'ng at 8 o'clock : — Mar^h, Tramp ! Tramp ! Eiviere ; quadrilles, Alhambra, Riviere ; valse. Pretty Bird, Coote; scholtische. La Grissatte, Riviere ; polka, t- nvil, Parlow ; mazurka, Liiliau, liovmd; galop, Cliquot, Eiviere; God Save the Queen. Mr. J. Manning, photographer, who has just returned from a. tour to the country districts, is exhibiting in his windows some excellent views of rural scenery. The Benedictine Mission of Sew Xorcia, at the Victoria, Plains, forms a very handsome plate, and portrays very vividly its fine buildings and picturesque surroundings. The township of Gingin is also shown, and appears to be a pleasantly situated little village. The Perth City Council invite tenders for debentures to the amouat of £SO-JO for municipal improvements; also tenders for the construction of footpaths in various parts of the city. The Public Works Department invite tenders for tbe supply of a quantity of stone, to be delivered at the City itailway Station yard. Yesterday tbe children attending Perth Trinity Congregational Sunday School were entertained at their aunual feast down the river. As usual the children, with banners and steamers, marched in procession to tbe steamer, headed by a few of the Rifle Band, in mufti ; the sight of bo many little o aes in holiday attire beiug a very pleading one. The day was delightfully cool and propitious for oHt-door epoi-.e; we trust all eajoyed themselves heartily. The Rev. Mr.Cravrley and a. number of parents and friends ac companied the children. The performauues of the Rifle Band in the Public Gardens every Friday evening appear to meet with an unusual amouat of patronage. We learn that tbe euuis re ceived for admission at the gate, on the last four occasions of their playing-, amount to upwards of .£12. The coppers of the little ones have contributed aboutone- fourth of this amount, but, notwithstanding, the attendance of tbe general public is very good, and all appear to appreciate the al fretco oonoerto of our exoellent little Btiifi. 