$lu> IU0 I'll Jtlilil. Tuesday Evening, January 31, 1882, Applications under the Land Act ap. proved For renewal of licenses — J. T. Chapman, Tchirree ; J. Clunas, Glenpa trick ; John McKenzie, jun, James Neil, Henry Riohter, Avoca ; Albert 'Field-, Avooa ; Richard Field, Wicklow , Avoca Shire Council, Rathscar. For renewal of grazing permits— S. Black, Yehrip ; Geor- gina Cameron, Tchirree ; Elizabeth Dridan, Mary Dridan, Glenlogie ; Clans Ebeling, Yehrip ; John lies, J. Looney, W. Morley, C, Schmidt, Glenlogie; P. Nelson, J. Scau- drett, Glenpatrick; J. Austerberry, Na varre; J. Dupuy, Wareek ; W. Jolly, P. Meade, F. L. Stewart, Yalong. For a grant — P. Doberty, Warreumang. For new lioenses — Ann Beck, Glenmona ; Thomas Mole, Wareek ; G. East, Lillicur ; George Potton, Avoca; W. Jolly, Yalong ; G. Anderson, Glenlogie; J. Kennedy, Eversley ; Wm. Lohse, Yehrip ; A. Moore, M. E. and John Sutters, Glenlogie; T. Mclaughlin, Eversley ; E. Robinson, Crowlands; James Webster, W. Kennedy, Glenpatrick; J. Coates, Navarre ; J. Brown, J. Derry, D. Dow, B. T. McCarthy, R. Neville, Landsborough ; F. R. Forster, J. Humphrey, jun., E. Wrigley, Barkley. For licenses — Robert Mann, Crowlands ; B. Murphy, Landsborough. For leases — C. Smith, Barkly ; A. McRoberts, Moy- reisk. Mr G. Yiotor Smith has been tempora rily appointed returning officer, for the Maryborough Mining District u ice Mr. J- Rahilly removed. Mr Smith has also been appointed (temporarily) Warden's clerk at Avoca and clerk of courts at Avoca and Moonambel, Mr David Jardine, of Rathscar, had a severe loss on Friday morning in the death of his well known Stallion " Hp an' Waur them a', Willie," which resulted, we hear, from inflammation of the bowels. The horse was a very valuable one, and was the sire of some of the best stock in the district. A very sudden death ocurred in Avoca yesterday morning. An Italian named Peter Sartorio contractor for supplying firewood to the Golden Stream Company was in the town on Saturday night, and in his usual health. Sunday evening, how ever, he was taken ill and a doctor was oalled in, but notwithstanding every effort, he died at seven o'clock this morning fmm oolic, the cause of which' was attributed to excessive drinking of cold water and lime juice, during the extreme heat which pre vailed on Sunday. As deceased had had medical attendance an inquest was not deemed necessary. Mr W. P. Shanklin for some time pupil teacher at the local State School, leaves for Clunes to-day, for the purpose of going through a course of training to fit him for the examinations for the higher depart ments of the service. We wish Mr Shanklin every success. Sunday last was one of the hottest days of the season, and up to 6 o'olock the weather was most oppressive, the wind blowing in fitful gusts from the north, accompanied by clouds of dust and gravel. In the evening the wind veered round to the south and the heat decreased. An advertisement in another column no tifies members of the Avoca Shire Turf Club that a meeting will be held at the Albion Hotel this evening, for the purpose of fixing the date of the annual races, ap pointing a secretary, and transacting other important business. A bushfire broke out near Moonam bel on Sunday, and destroyed a large quantity of grass besides some fencing around Mr Murdoch's paddock. Fortu nately the wind was blowing from the town ship, and the ..flames were therefore kept from spreading to any buildings. Mr G. R. Hall, dentist, will pay his usual periodical visit to Avoca to-morrow, and may be consulted at the Avoca Hotel from one till three o'clock. A Cooktown telegram of Thursday says : — The Spitfire has returned from Howick Islands. Inspectors Fakey and Fitzgerald held an inquiry at the island previous to removing the bodies. The re mains of Mrs Watson and the baby were placed in one ooffin. and Ah Sam's in ano ther, and brought ashore, where they were placed in the police store to await inter ment. The Spitfire brought also the iron tank and paddles. Flags were flying half- mast all-day, and great sympathy has been felt for Captain Watson. The inhabitants intend to give a public funeral, which will take place on Sunday afternoon. " Our attention has been called," says the Ballarat Star, "to the existence of arsenical fumes, arising from the pyrites works at various mines in this district. It is well known that when pyrites are being treated they emit vapours, which, if not condensed, spread, to the detriment of pub lic health. Complaints have been made from time to time that persons living in the immediate neighborhood of these works suffer from severe headaches and other af fections. An extract from an English paper records the death of a man, and at an inquest held on his remains, a verdict of death from arsenical poisoning was given. It was known that the deceased had never taken the poison on his own part, but it appears that his system had been thoroughly impregnated by tbo presence of arsenical fumes in the neigh bourhood in which he lived. Surely if there are just grounds for the apprehension of danger, some steps should bo taken in the matter. It has been pointed out that if proper condensers were placed in the flues of the pyrites furnaces, the arsenic , pould be gathered, and uot allowed to float awflv On some days, it is said, the arsenic nan hfl upon the top of the chimney slack at "the 1 Lrhcrris Company's mine, whilst it is alleged the stack at the Band of Hope Company's 13 permeated with the noxious substance. 'Flip ,, -peedwell mine has likewise bpen complained ,m re gard tq this matter." Some sensation was caused on the Gee» long raceoourse on Thursday afternoon by all the persons in the enclosure set apart for the totalisator being arrested, and taken to Geelong. in custody. It seems the club had let a piece of ground to Mr. Franck, on which he was to : work the totalisator. The pohoe waited till after the race for the gold cup was over, and then suddenly en tering the yard in which the totalisator was at work, arrested every one within the en closure. The conduct of the police in this matter was strongly condemned by every one in the saddling paddock except the bookmakers. As the club by taking a rent may be considered to have countenanced the use of the totalisator on their oourse, the persons who are arrested have a fair cause of complaint at being thus led into a trap. About 19 persons were taken into custody by the police, who were hooted as they drove off with their prisoners. The Premier has by the present mail received a letter from the aoting Agent- General. In reference to the article in The Times, of which s® much capital has been attempted to be made, the memorandum of the Government of Victoria was received just at the time that the board of advice was sitting in London. There were present — Messrs. Inglis, Badcock, Thomson, and Major Sargood. The board oame to the conclusion that the article in question was not likely to do the oolony any harm, aud the most prudent course to pursue would be to take no public notice of it. The Victorian bonds had maintained their prices, which showed that the credit of the colony .had uot in any way been injured. All .the members present at the -discussion eonr . curred in the views expressed. It is con sidered that good service would be done by the publication of the valuable statistical papers presented to Parliament, which showed the Victorian debt, and the pur poses to which the money had been de voted before floating the proposed loan, together with a statement of the net revenue arising from that expenditure. As regarded the prospects of floating the loan, the Agent-General stated that mortgages on lands, which hitherto had been regarded as first-class security, do not now hold the same position, owing to the depreciation in the value of property, and the difficulty of obtaining tenants for farms. The fact may increase the desire to invest in Victorian securities. According to the New York Times of the 17th November, an Australian "innocent abroad" has fallen among theives in the empire city. Our contemporary says : — " Mr. Cornelius Proud landed in this city from Liverpool on October 19, and stopped at the Clarence Hotel, on Clinton-place. He had set out from Adelaide for the pur pose of making a tour around the world, and writing an account of his experiences for the South Australian Register, The day after his arrival he sauntered out on Broadway, and attracted the attention of three expert confidence men, who induced him to visit a house in South Fifth-avenue on pretence of looking after some pictures, which the man who acted as " steerer" said he had won in the State Art Union Lottery. When Proud and his companion entered the room which the latter said was the headquarters of the lottery, the stranger was induced to participate in a game which he was informed was the drawing of the Art Union Lottery. The confiding Australian deposited oOdol., which he was informed he had lost, and then, realising that he had been swindled, he caused the arrest of the three men. The prisoners gave the names of David B. Martin, George Wilson, and John P. Tweed. Officer Connell, of the Eighth Precint, who made the arrest, informed the Australian that the amusement in which he had participated was not a lottorjr_Hrn«tinflrr„V>i,t_th0 catue q£ 'banco.' All three prisoners were in dicted for grand larcenr. aud Wilsou was placed on trial before Recorder Smyth, in General Sessions, yesterday. He was identified as an old and expert operator, and the jury fouud him guilty. The Recorder remanded him to await the trial of his alleged confederates." A movement has been started in the United States for the formation of an American rifle team to compete at Wimble don next J uly with a team to be chosen from the riflemen of England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales. The death of Colonel Anderson was one of the most painful known. His face, owing to the epilethial cancer, became un recognisable and too horrible an object to speak of. So terrible were his sufferings that himself and his family have often knelt down and prayed to God that the end might come. A fatal accident has occurred at Dubbo. Five horses started in a race, and a man supposed to be drunk, collided with the horses. Two of the animals had to be shot. The two jockeys and the drunken man were severely shaken, One of the jockeys has since died and the man who caused the accident has been committed for man slaughter. George Henry G. Searcy, cashier of the Metropolitan Building and Investment So ciety, gave himself up to the detective po lice on Saturday morning. He was charged on warrant with having embezzled the moneys of the society to the extent of be tween £600 and £700. Mr Cresswell, who appeared on behalf of Searcy, stated that the accused, acting under his advice, wished to plead guilty to the three distinct charges of having misappropriated two sums of £50 and one item of £80. The accused had assigned his property over to the society, and made such restitution that the society would not lose a penny out of the £600 which had been embezzled. Un der the circumstances he asked the Bench to deal summarily with the case. This course was objected to, and after some dis cussion the accused was remanded until yesterday. An exchange says, " Tho bicycle is a great thing to put flesh on a man's legs." It is also a great thing to take flesh off a man's nose, and other portions of a man's I face. 