THE HEAT* South Atjstraiia. has about the finest and most enjoyable climate in the world, except during three or four months of the year, and even those months are agree able enough for most of the time ; but when our brickfielders, as they are called, and our real snells of heat do come, they are some* thing to be remembered. This summer up to the beginning of the past week had been very mild.- We had had warm weather, but generally only single days of excessive heat, and never more than two roasters consecutively, but at last 'we have experienced a four days' spell. From all parts of the country telegrams were received speaking of the north wind, the. thermometer ranging up to 114° in the shade, and the sufferings of man and beast, the ac counts in some cases varied by descrip tions of duststorms darkening the atmos phere so as almost to turn day into night ; or extensive bushfires, burning farmers out of house and home, consuming crops, pasture, and fences, arid in one case destroy ing miles of telegraph. To add to the suffer, ings of settlers in some of the northern and western districts dams are drying up, what have been permanent waters are fast failing, and even wells are showing signsof their supply of the pure element greatly ^JTmnisfiingj or altogether disappearing. At Moonta fowls have dropped dead through the heat, and canaries have perished as if roasted in their cages. It is to be feared that in some dis tricts larger animals, if they do not succumb to the heat, will die from want of water. In such weather one naturally looks for sun strokes, and there have been a number of cases in and about Adelaide. No less than thirteen sudden, deaths were reported to the city coroner between Tuesday and Friday of last week. He employed a medical man to enquire into the circumstances of every case, and it was found that all the deaths were either caused or accele rated by the heat. In a country of usually moderate temperature these fatali ties * are, perhaps, during bursts of scorching -weather, more common than in the tropics, where people dress, drink, eat, work, and live in a manner suited to the climate. Here these dreadful spells of heat find most people unprepared and gene rally incautious and regardless of any risks they may be running. Fortunately such visitations do not often last long, and many persons who have complained and panted with exhaustion will perhaps twelve months hence discover that our climate is growing cooler, and that we have altogether lost the old-fashioned summers that astonished the pioneers. ________________ 