COLONIAL TELEGRAMS. SPECIAL TELEGRAMS. VICTORIA. Melbourne, January 27. [From our own Correspondents. 1 The passengers of the Mirzai>ore are complaining loudly of their treatment at the Quarantine Station, and say the P. & O. Company did not pay sufficient attention to their comfort while they were kept on the steamer. The Customs officers have seized 7,000 cigars at a Ballarat Chinese store for not having paid duty; the brand and quality'are exactly the same as those seized in Melbourne. It is rumoured that other largeseizures are likely to be mad? soon at Beechworth, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst. The appointment of a successor to Colonel Anderson will be considered at the next Cabinet meeting. Colonel Scratchley has been mentioned, also Colonels Rede and Hutton. f The Minister of Mines is making enquiries as to the practicability of erecting special magazines afall the principal mining centres for the safe storage of explosives. The defalcations of Robert Atkinson, mining manager, of Ballarat, who committed suicide, are now estimated at £2,000. In one case Atkinson was entrusted with £500 to invest for a miner, who obtained it from dividends in various claims; Atkinson misappropriated the money, leaving the miner almost penniless. Serious bush-fires are reported from several l>arts of tbe colony. The steamer Julia Percy has hail her repairs completed alter her recent collision, and tc-day resumed running for the Western Ports. At the adjourned inquest on the body of the youth, named Cameron, who died recently from a fractured skull, he having previously informed his mother that he had been struck on the head by a man with a loaded whip, ife •was proved tliat the injury was sustained by the deceased in falling from a cab, and a verdict of accidental death was given. With regard to the missing ship Eurynome, -which left here with a cargo of wheat some months ago, the Bcdlaral Star publishes a statement to show that the vessel • • >bably was destroyed by spontaneous combustion. The writer states that when the ve was in Port Phillip the second officer, who came out purposely to visit a sister in Baliarat, informed his friends as the ship was'on the point of sailing that several wet bags of wheat had been taken alioard, and that he endeavoured to prevent the wet bags from being 'placed on board, fearing spontaneous combustion. This action led to a dispute with the chief officer, who then asked the captain to allow him to leave the ship at Oeelong, but the latter refused. A trumped-up cl^aiae'for the purpose of extorting money was heard at tne Fitzroy Court this morning, when a wealthy Mussulinan was charged with indecently assaulting a girl named Bourke, under twelve years old. 'J.Ke evidence of the girl and her sister was taken, but it transpired in cross- examination that the mother had instructed them what to say. The medical evidence discredited the allegation and the case was dismissed. At the half- yearly meeting of the Victorian Insurance Company this morning the report and balance-sheet were adopted. The balance <jf £40,810 was carried forward, and a dividend will be declared at.the aming! meting in July. At the lialf-yearly meeting of the Metro- 1'olitan Gas Company this morning a dividend of 6 per cent, was declared, £10,000 carried to the Reserve Fund, and £8,000 carried forward. The Chairman referred to the increased consumption of "as through the use of gas stoves, and said that now he considered gas had nothing to fear from the electric light. In consequence of the strenuous opposition lo the establishment of an emergency hospital for smallpox at the Royal Part, the iiovernmcnt lias selected another site, where tents and temporary buildings will be erected if necessity arises. The South Australian Border Treaty was signed by the Governor at a meeting of the Executive Council tliis afternoon. ^Arrived—Maggie Dickson, Nonpareil, Fleur de Maurice, barques, from Mauritius; Catania, steamer, from Hamburg. Sailed—Saint and Catherine Jane, baruues, for Newcastle; Bothwell Castle, for .London ; iiangana, for Launceston ; Konoowarra, for Sydney. The weather is fine but warm. Melbourne, January 27, Midnight. Mr. Francis Ormond has been returned unopposed to the vacancy in the South-western Province, caused by the death of Mr. Henty. Sir John O'Shanassy proceeds to NewZea land on Tuesday on a two months' holiday. The action of the police in seizing "the totalizator at Geelongand arresting all within the enclosure is generally condemned as unnecessarily harsh. It is hinted that the police acted at the instigation of the bookmakers. There was ail indignation meeting at Geelong this evening about the matter. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of < > eorge Henry Searcey, a well-known cricketer, and cashier of the Metropolitan Building au<l Investment Society, for the embezzlement of between £000^ and £700. Searcey has been absent since New Year's Day on the plea of illness. 