THROUGH JAERAHLAND.— No. Y. Every one, great and small, had preached to me since my landing in West Australia tie absolute necessity of seeing the Eastern or York District. ' You really must see York' was the constant retrain ot every man, woman, and child I met. It was almost a paraphrase of what Ingoldsby describes as the Neapolitan cry :— When each lasaroni would cry to his crony, 1 See Naples, then die ; and the sooner the better.' Well, we determined to see York as soon as possible. I say we, for three weeks before I' had been joined in my journey through Jarrahland by another ' competent man from the other side,11 whose companionship waa very comforting, for with his assistance I was now better provided with proper expletives in which to anathematise the West Aus tralian publicans and all their works, in which delightful occupation we managed to pass many pleasant hours. York lies about fifty miles to the east ward of Perth, whence a railway is now in course of construction, and is completed as far as Guildford, nine miles. The line runs for most of the distance close to the beautiful Swan River, of which occasionally a glimpse is obtained while passing through the newly laid-ont suburb of Norwood, close to' the city. The country is sandy, with swamps and timber for several miles, and then changes near Guildford to a rich alluvial loam with noble redgums. 'Gufldfbrd is a beautifully situated place on the banks of the Swan, and has all the characteristics of a pleasant sleepy old Eng lish village, with Church and all surrounded by lovely trees and gardens. The houses arc almost all built |of brown brick, and the whole place has a look of quiet comfort and prosperity. There are several well-kept orchards, vineyards, and orangeries in the neighbourhood of Guildford, which are well worth a visit. Guildford covers a lot of ground — I should think it is something like a mile and a half square, possibly more— but the buildings are not crowded, and there is always room to pass in the streets. This will be readily believed when I explain that the jpopulation is about S00 or 000 all told. The Western Australian Government are always careful in this respect to give plenty of room. Before leaving Perth we had taken places by the Government van or mail-cart to York, the tickets beiiM* issued at the General Post Office. I may note here that all the mails are carried by Government conveyances, and the coaches are all driven by policemen specially told off for this service, the manage ment of the mail service being in the handB of Captain Smith, Superintendent of Police. The arrangement seems an odd one, but taking the scarcity of population and long distances to be travelled into account, I think the idea not at all a bad one, and better ac commodation and horses ara the result than if* the conveyance of mails were left to private enterprise. We were quite anxious to see a Western Australian mail-coach, and were soon gratified by the appearance of an odd-looking turnout like a large American express wagon, the body mounted very high from the ground on three springs, and the whole covered by a light square roof, the sides being open. However, the cattle looked good, and on trial the van itself proved not uncomfortable, while our uniformed driver was good nature itself, and as chockfull of miscel laneous information as a Gascoyne black fellow after a gorge of stolen mutton. Soon after starting our risible faculties were strongly excited at finding that the com mander of our eraft carried a chronometer or something very like it, I asked when we would arrive in York, when the driver gravely opened a big bag hanging to the front of the [vehicle and displayed a veritable eight-day clock (balance-wheel, of course) in good going order, and, taking the time, in formed us that we might expect to reach our destination about sundown. The same receptacle contained a number of other articles, and after the clock episode I should not have been greatly astonished had he pro duced a chest of drawers or a kitchen dresser. Nothing of the kind appeared, how ever ; so I concluded that he had not yet quite finished furnishing. We travelled at a good pace over a well kept road till we reached the foot of the Darling Range, and then began a laborious climb over a road with the most abrupt and unnecessary gradients imaginable. The engineer who devised this monstrosity should be taken to the top and rolled down. At Greenmount we passed the principal camp of Messrs. Keane & Wright, the contractors for the second section of the railway. They are making good progress, and have no doubt about completing their contract in time. ? We were soon once more in the jarrah forest, and the road wound round the rises or over the hills, through what Brunton Stephens aptly calls the 'eucalyptic cloisterdom,' for mile after mile in a most monotonous way, very few clearings being seen and those not of great extent, so that the view was ever shortly bounded by the grey, or where a bush-fire had passed, black - barked boles of the jarrah and redgums. The flowers as usual were very beautiful handsome, glowing-hued Kennedias climbed and trailed over stump and brush, and a brilliant crimson calystemon made the under (growth a blaze of colour, while each little glade was carpeted with golden, rose, and white everlastings in endless profusion. Really, the wild flowers of the West are indescribably lovely. The Lakes, a changing-house and roadside inn, was reached early in the afternoon, the end of a long cruel stage for three horses — twenty-three miles over heavy hilly roads. Really, the Government might afford another horse, or else change at The Creek Inn, about half way. The Lakes takes its name from a chain of roshy marshes, one of which stretches in front of the door, and at first sight looks like a clearing under crop. The soil on the margin is first- class, and were these swamps drained the land would be valuable. What would, or rather what would not, our drought-dreading Northern 'cockeys' give for the chance of draining their land? After leaving the Lakes the country begins to change ; the timber alters from jarrah and redgum to tnart or West Australian white gum, a large handsome tree, with roughish bark, pearl grey in colour. The wood of this tree is almost equal in durability to jarrah, and for strength and toughness of fibre is list excelled by any timber I know of in Australia. It is used locally for cart and carriage building and for wheel - making is unrivalled. Unfortunately wherever white gum is found to the eastward of the coast range there the obnoxious York-road and bo~ poisons nourish also. They are of the gasrralobium family, and although deadly at certain seasons, are very unequal in their action on different ani mals and at different times. The York-road poison is the most dificult to eradicate, as so large a quantity of seeds remain in the ground, which quickly germinate after each fcush fire. Many thousands of acres of Hioderately timbered and fairly grassed country in the neighbourhood of York is hardly made use of dt all owing to the presence of this pest. We reached York about sundown, and found it to be a prettily situated dozy old place, lying in a wide and fertile hollow between the hills, known as the Valley of tie Avon, for so is the Upper Swan called. As usual the designers of the town left lots of room, and consequently York occupies ? miles of country, the reader may fill in the figures for himself, feeling safe in the assurance that a mile or two one way or the other won't matter much. The buildings are nearly all of brick, and owing to their age the place looks far more Endiah than Australian, but English ot ' fifty years ago.' Of course there are some modern buildings, notable among which ia the Catholic Church and Messrs. H. Monger & Co.'s ware house, which i3 the finest business pre mises in the colony. Talking about Chnrche3 reminds me that the Church of England folk are unusually well provided in this particular, for they have two Churches —one for morning and one for evening service. How is that for high ? The reason of this pro digality was explained to me to be that, as the town was so large and no one knew where the centre of population would be, one Church was built and used for some time, and after wards, not being central enongh, another was erected, and in order to accommodate both ends of the town a compromise was made that each should have a turn of the minister's services every Sunday. York is the farming district of the colony, and certainly the only good farming we saw was in tins neignbonrnooa. ine country is com paratively lightly timbered, the timber being Eheaoak, wattle, myall, and the large or black malice. The soil is a reddish loam of fair quality, changing to a rich chocolate on the alluvial flats near the rivers and watercourses. Having only two days in which to view York and its surroundings, we chartered a buggy and pair to drive out next morning, the charter-party stipulating that the voyage should commence at 10 a.m. sharp. At 10.30 [my companion went down to see why our caravan had not hove in sight, and was told that one horse had to be got in from the paddock. At 11 a youthful Yorkite was dispatched to suggest that it was past 10 o'clock; he came back with the information that the starboard-side horse was being shod. We possessed our souls in patience for half an hour ; then my mate made another try, but returned to say that they were just fitting on the second shoe, so word was sent down that we would refresh the inner man with lunch before start ing, but would get under way at 2 precisely. The horse proprietor seemed hurt. He said he had been a-hurrying of things up, and we could start as soon as we pleased. However, at 2.30 there'was no sign of our turn-out, so I went to the stable myself prepared to maks things lively ; but when I saw four men and a boy getting ths horses in, two men mending the trap, and three more superintending and giving advice, I thought I could not hurry thing3much, so merely observed that pos sibly they would have got on quicker if they had only had more man-power. Only one fellow saw any sarcasm in the remark, and he, I suspect, was ' a tothersider.' West Aus tralians have an insuperable objection to undue haste ; they value time so much that they take as much of it as they can when any work is to be done. We drove out some twelve or fifteen miles towards Beverley, on the proposed route of the Southern Railway to Albany, and passed over really good grazing country all the way, considerable tracts being first-clas3 agricul tural land. We passed several large and well-cultivated farms, and paid a visit to that of Mr, John Taylor, which is far and away the best we saw in the colony, both in management, buildings, and appearance. Mr. Taylor and his neighbours will have a high average yield this season. Next day we made an early start, and drove out in an opposite direction through good grazing and farm lands to Northam, about twenty miles. The weather was very warm, and the country was beginning to have a dried-up look. The hay crop had been good, and a high average was expected for the wheat. Northam i3 a very quiet little place with no particular point3 of interest. It has a mill, large public school, and a Bushman's Home under the auspices of the I.O.G.T., a body which seems pretty strong in West Australia, and which without doubt may find plenty to do, for the drinking customs of the colonies, which we deprecate so much in the east, certainly do not improve in the west. This Bushman's Home is a well-built house of two stories, and ia kept as a sort of temperance hotel. I was told that it was comfortable and well conducted ; if so, it is a pit} its pro moters do not extend the sphere of their use fulness by establishing similar hotels in other localities, for the non-temperance hotels, as a rule, do not err on the aide of too great luxuriousness or comfort. We returned to York the same day, as we were obliged to start for Perth next morn ing. From what I was able to see of the York district I am certain that much more might be made of the country than has been done in the past, both in farming and grazing ; still I am bound to admit that if what the old settlers say is true, there are difficulties in the way, but so there are anywhere. I know this, that ourfarmers are, many of them, doing well on far worse land, and with quite as many difficulties to contend with, though of another sort. Probably, however, the rail way will cause a movement in this neighbourhood in the right direction, for even now signs of new life are apparent, and land that lias long lain idle is being for the first tune improved by fencing and clearing. It is my strong opinion that West Australia, with its immense terri tory and consequent cheap land, will yet be a very large grain-producing place ; but it will require some «ne to show the W. A. 'a the W.A.Y., for with few exceptions they have not yet learned how to make the best of their country. (To be. continued. J 