The English Harvest; (ROM THE ARGuB) Nothing has happened during the past fort night to materially modify the representations already given to the outcome of the harvest, which is now nearing its completion. The weather has maintained its fickle and -un settled character, yet in few locnlitiehas its wrought any, irreparable damage. thisAt advance period of the season, most anxiety has-been felt in respect to the northern por tions of the country, but all serious appre hensions are now dissipated by the favour able reports skhich reached us from Scotland and the northern English counties. The work of cutting and, garnering is proceeding rapidlyn nder the best auspices, and the rough estimate hazarded two months ago, that in Scotland alone the crops all round would be worth five millions more than they were last year, seems likelyto be verified. Asin Scot land, so elsewhere. Our English harvest is a better one than we have reaped for several years. That of the United States is the largest on record-probably 550,000,000 bushels, with 100,000,000 available for export. Canada also is. gathering in u;uusuallylarge crops, and over nearly all the Continent:of Europe the yield is considerably above the average. W?.ith this' promise of plentiful. supplies from all quarters, the "rifg" whvich has. se long kept up: the :price of wheat' in America has .;begun to sell largely!i?Thei quantity of wheat and flour on passage:from the :United. States. i acordingly very con-; siderable, and this fact, taken in connection; with the increasing deliveries by our?pwn farmers, uhas produe i a "dull and drooping niarket. The average price ob English heat is now only 4ss 9d per quarter, and will pro-: bably go lower still \- The Austral:is valied- at..L220,000. -M' r Fred" Macase- ' abouttoh "tlur the sultirbs o Mel ihoune.... n .. A seiznre of-fish unifit mr human food-is reported-at -Ballara.-" There'is ~ome talk; ofa an-newspaper ebn ? pulslisheýQ-i BallaragtEast. An extensive bush-fire-a sea of fire -is racin ain the mallee,;near Keri?ng. SThe failire ofr eigKenZ ril isas increiased tlie valie of Tennant's el. e 2- 'O?iJO). Mr. Justice Moleswor_ wna~,amused by a Jew itat'tinin-dn affid?siN' that a certain deceased person had been ac customed to call him by his "Christian" F oThe" b match e swen th. E lish -team icuild not be finished. Result English eleven 1J53 'ogth 4Austr ?a?ans ýsvenle'a6kf efot 11 dEBY If1OJG0 1=A Mri Mir iy'Sti~is ddfeidstile ! ork. ing mef8 £,AgttraTia, in the, columiis?b the "Sj tf ator, agesnin that journal's 6maýgemtrimale denteryitQ~cli ink;i g.:~ zi 'I T•ld) lebelWelldslev's?tdieifen,:a daugter 6tfivlai mt6itsu hal oleinfedla'jyI fOm" 1'ie hiisband, w.ihose Sconnection with the notorious Kate?Valughan, a burlesaueaitres,1 cratei" considerable sc-,pndl in London a couple of years ago. The Hon. W.J:J'COlurke' 'rrived by It is understo3d that at the end of the re sent year llt.tl,ose m.eiiibers of the Victorian pblice hovtinnd thefad f '5 rears flibe &iIed; toresigneither upon pensioi oracopensaipa ion." " At.the present rate. ofincrease tl:e sew '.Southw .ii;eais ili ae i_ 100 00.000 befor the close e the entury,7 