THE DEFENCE QUESTION. There has always been an element of farce in the management of our defences. Not but that we have spent any amount of money on them ; in faGt, we have thrown it away. At the present time our position is somewhat amusing, though not a little aggravating, when we consider the amount expended. We have a volun teer force in name, which every Govern ment sedulously snub, until men refuse to have aught to do with it, and it is handed ever t© vainglorious lads, who think they can conquer nursegirls by a display of uniform. We have an ironclad that must have cost by this time fully half a million, whose engines are in such a state that if she were called upon to do anything, she would only damage herself or her owners, or stick on the first sandbank. We have forts, but ho one to man them ; and a torpedo service, the value of which no body knows. We probably spend £80,000 per annum on defences, with the satisfac tion ef knowing they are of little prac tical use. We had, it is true, a very pro mising artillery corps, composed of effi cient young men, and likely to be the nucleus of a really efficient little army, well versed in warfare ; but Mr Berry, in his fit of retrenchment, sent them to the -ignoours inucn better off. W e read m the papers that the Russian officers have discovered they could shell Sydney with ease from outside the heads with their long guns, so that the defences of that city are of no avail. This is of great importance to us ; because if a hostile force were able to make Sydney capitulate, they could avail themselves of the New South Wales railways to reach the border before we could put our house in order. We have repeatedly pointed out that a proper system of torpedoes at the en trances of our ports would keep out any fleet. But there is a possibility that the enemy would reach ue, either by way of Sydney or land at small ports. To meet that danger it is necessary that we should have at least a decent force of drilled men who would meet the enemy and give battle. It is not to be supposed for one moment that the volunteer force in its present condition could meet an enemy composed of disciplined soldiers who have already stood fire. The Pipeclay Club, composed of the leading volunteer officers, held a meeting recently at which the matter was fairly ventilated and important suggestions made. It was pointed out that a new system should be inaugurated and some inducements should be held out to our young men to become volunteers. At the present time the reverse is the ase. Volunteers are ridiculed by the pnblic, and the Government grant them few privileges, and accord them little con sideration. The result is seen in the state of the force. Among other sug gestions made was that a small money payment Bhould be given, say £12 per year, and that discipline and drill should he a prominent feature in the State- schools. With much of what was ad vanced at the conference we thoroughly agree. If we are to have a volunteer army worth the name, we must make it worth men's while to join ; we must hold out in ducements such as displays, reviews, pro motions and privileges ; and, if necessary, WC UiUQV GTCU giro blio lULU'ClUOUb ux money, though, truly, a mercenary spirit is hardly compatible with patriotism. It should be remembered that the drill and discipline which falls to the lot of the volunteer are in themselves healthy, dncating and restraining influences, and capable of doing a great deal of good in Improving the morale of the community. The want of healthful and moral occupa tion and recreation after working hours Is doing much harm in thiB colony. Dr Watts spoke the truth when he wrote that Satan finds some miichief still For idle hinds to do. Volunteering would give occupation of an elevating character and some good aim in life, and prevent idle dissipation leading to the lock-up and the gaol. If, however, We are to have a good volunteer force, composed of the better part of our popu lation, we must make it worth men's while, else we had better give up playing at soldiers ; we are only wasting our money. We have pointed out how we acd if the subject be properly discussed In the press, by the public and the volun teers, it is possible that some better system may be agreed upon. The Go vernment can do something very material towards forwarding the object ; indeed, they have intimated that they will. This b to obtain from England as commanding officer an approved soldier. Such a man will be able to indicate the defects of oar system, as contrasted with that of other countries, and initiate a system of reforms which would place our defences in- a better position and lead to the formation of an efficient volunteer corps which it will be an honor and a profit to join. We are also ©f opinion that it would be money well in vested, if we were to engage, or indeed, if tile Australian colonies were to engage jointly, a good terpedist, a man thoroughly competent to construct, lay down, and work torpedoes. We place great reliance in torpedoes, and feel sure that we need have no fear of invasion from the sea if Wo had a proper system of working those Instruments of warfare and the men to work them. As for the chances of war and the pressing necessity of being pre pared, we think It is only necessary to accd the cablegrams to be impressed there fa a prospoct of a European conflagration. Russia is encroaching upon India every day. The new Persian treaty, and the occupation of an important frontier town fat Afghanistan are measures that do not look like peaoe. Egypt threatens com- pllcations, and it is stated the Great Northern Powers have secretly agreed to standby each other. Europe seems to fe slumbering on a volcano.. Should a war toko place, these powers would strike at $e outports of the British Empire, io m I to keep the British fleets dispersed all over the world, and also to wrest large indemnities from wealthy cities. The presence of a Russian fleet in our waters cannot but cause disquiet. The last one that was here took soundings every where, and this fleet does not come without an object— probably to find what changes have taken place. To be prepared is to be armed. Entertainment at Bethanga. — Our correspondent writes : — A concert, in aid of the funds of the Albury Hospital took place at the Bethanga Hall on Friday, 3rd inst., and was a complete success. Not withstanding the dull times, the total taken for ball and concert amounted to about £26 ; but the expenses were the heaviest yet incurred in any benefit con cert yet given here, nearly £8. We ex pect a balance of about £18, and the min strels are determined to do their best in other towns far the same cause. The first part consisted of the usual platform enter tainment — Mrs Girond at the harmonium, Messrs A. Girond (violin) and R. D. Cole (flute)— opening with an overture, fol lowed by Mr Forster with a comic song, "Thotrnll barn a mate but me." which was well given and well received. A vocal duet, "Flow on thou Shining River," by Messrs J. Williams and T. Martin, junr., was well given, but a littie nervousness was shown, which before the night was over wore off. Mr McGill then recited " Bloodso," an American piece, which was also well received. This was followed by " Where there's a Will," by Mr Banfield, with chorus, which, with Mr Martin's song, "Monday Morning," were loudly applauded, but encores were stopped. "Dame Durden," a quartette localised, was then given by Messrs Cole, Williams, Girond and T. Martin, and created great laughter. Mr Temby, who lias a grand voice, favored us with " Woodman, Spare that Tree," given with good taste, which was followed by "Lar board Watch," by Messrs Girond and Wil liams very creditably. Mr Davis gave " Up a Tree" in good comic style. Messrs Cole and D. Lees, junr., then gave " Te Banks and Braes," arranged as a duet for two concert flutes, with good taste andexpression, when "The Hungry Army," in costume, brought down the house with laughter and finished the first part. .The Magpie Minstrels took the second part, with Messrs Banfield (bones) and Rowley (tambo) a3 cornermen, and A. Girond centre, the circle being filled up by Messrs Forster, T. Martin, Schramme, Temby and Williams. Each of the circle gave a song, with chorus ; aud a very uonft — 1 lection oi were, and well ren- dered the corner-men keeping the audience in roars of laughter the whole time, as also they did with a short farce after, the youngsters especially enjoying the fun. Mr M. Mooney also favored us »ivii u> juk.cubuvnj' naiA'AUUilU) axjLlg uiiU dance, and created such a furore that he had to come back and give a short hornpipe instead. Mr Buck, as secretary on behalf of the committee, then thanked the audience for their attendance. Mr Scar lett proposed a vote of thanks to the amateurs for their great pains and trouble. Mr R. D. Cole replied, 011 behalf of the amateurs, and hoped to see many more such nights ; and all parted having tho roughly enjoyed themselves. Mrs A. Girond accompanied with her usual care, and at personal inconvenience, and wa3 well appreciated. Mr R. D. Gole acted as stage manager and musical director in his usual style. The ball was a great success, over 50 couples being present, who kept the dancing agoing till daylight, Messrs Cunningham, Cole, D. Lees, jun. , and Schramme supplying the music. Mr Mooney made a grand M.C., and Mr Scarlett superintended the cuisine department. Thus ended one of the most enjoyable evenings we have had the pleasure of attending. A special vote of thanks was accorded te Mrs Forster for the use of her harmonium, the late fearful weather having been too severe on the pianos. Licenses Approved. — Timothy Noonan, 71a, Dandongadale ; George Hodge, 39a> Everton ; James McDougall, 60a, Tan- ganibalanga ; William T. Mann, 50a, Walwa ; Robert Dyball, 69a, Belveir West ; James Bartlett, 198a, Berringa ; Robert Youlle, 319a, Cobungra ; Adol- phus Willie, 152a, Cobungra ; Geo. Miller, 312a, Cobungra ; Crawford and Dyring, 11,700a, Grazing block No. 444, Wagra ; He .ry Boyd, 6a, Barwidgee ; James Doolan, 10a, Gooramadda : John H. Schultz, 20a, Wodonga ; James Grant, 19a, Bullioh ; Charles Jensen, 20a, Ber ringa ; Wm. Sirl, 20a, Berringa ; Thomas Osmond, 20a, Burrowye ; William Burns, zua, wooragee in ortn. Victorian Ministers at Albury. — The Victorian Commissioner of Railways ar rived on Saturday at Wodonga, from Benalla, with Messrs Anderson, Mirls and Ford. Immediately on their arrival, the party went over the entire length of the route surveyed for the extension of the North- Eastern Railway, to the proposed railway bridge. After completing the in spection, the party proceeded to Albury, and lunched at the Globe Hotel, sub sequently paying a visit to Fallon's wine- cellars, where the process of champagne manufacturing was inspected. The com missioner and party then visited the new Albury passenger terminus. After an examination ef it they proceeded to in spect the route suggested from the Albury terminus to the site of the proposed Murray bridge, and they found that the land on the New South Wales bank was of a much greater elevation than that on the opposite side. The party dined at the Globe, aBd retired eaily. At half-past two en Sunday morning a special train arrived from Melbourne, bringing Mr Graves, Commissioner of Customs, Admiral Aslanbegoff, and Mr John Woods; and the whole party proceeded to Sydney in a special train, under the care of Mr G. Roberts, the traffic inspector of southern railways. The train contained a sleeping car and composite carriage. It left Albury at 3 a.m. It was understood that Mr Lackey was unable to meet the Ministers at Albury to confer about the Murray railway bridge, reports the " Age cor- respondent. xne conierence win mere- fore " take place in Sydney, and, it is be lieved, is likely to lead to a final arrange ment. Albury Municipal Election. — The election of three aldermen in connection with the Albury Borough Council took place on Saturday. There were seven candidates far the positions, and the result of the poll was the re-election ef the two retiring aldermen, Messrs Lamport and Frew, and the election of Mr C. Ten Brink to the third seat. The first vote of the ratepayers under the local option clause of the new Licensing Act was taken, the majority deciding against the increase of licenses within the town during the next three years. Mining Note. — The mining manager of the Normanby Q.M. Co. , Dargo, reports for the week ending Feb. 4th : — The con tractors have made but slight headway this week, having had to timber the soft- ground previously gone through. The country is much softer, and of a more broken nature than usual, and will require timbering as they go. I am still driving on flat reef on the crown of hill ; there is a fair quantity of stone, but the quality is not so good as last week. The Towong Shire. — In accordance with the prayer of a petition received by the Commissioner of Public Works, the boundaries of the Murray, Koetong and Mitta Mitta Ridings of the Shire of To wong have been altered and amended, as described in the "Government Gazette" of the 10th inst. Serious Accident. — From the "Argus" we learn mac on jp riaay aicernoon a saa accident occurred at Emerald Hill to a young man named William Kerrigan, who will be remembered by a number of our readers in Beech worth as having a short time since visited Mr Wm. " Andrews, of Newtown, for the benefit of his health. It appears that Mr Kerrigan, who is 21 years of age, and is a son ef Mr Kerrigan, caretaker at the Treasury, had been in I conversation with Sub-inspector Toohey outside that gentleman's dwelling, had just mounted his horse, which was a rather spirited one, when suddenly, before proper command could be obtained over him, the animal bucked, and threw its unfortunate rider heavily on to the hard metalled road, inflicting serious bodily injuries. The injured man, who had become totally un conscious, was immediately taken into Mr tnnhaw'a raqirlonpo atul maflipal ftauul i ance was obtained, when it was discovered that concussion of the braiu had resulted. Latest accounts received state that the sufferer had regained consciousness, and hopes were entertained for his recovery. The Mining Board Election. — Mr William Ward, who is a candidate for re election as the representative of the Beechworth division of the district at the Mining Board, will address a meeting of the miners of Stanley and neighborhood at a public meeting to be held in the Tem perance Hall, Stanley, at 8 o'clock this (Tuesday) evening. The Police Commission. — What has become of the progress report of this Com mission ? It appears to have been alto gether shelved. More than twelve months have elaped since Messrs Nicholson, Hare and Sadleir, were reliev.-d of their duties, and they are still enjoying a holiday in suspense. The country is put to the ex pense of £1200 a year, the salaries of these gentlemen, and yet the Government will not so much as deign to take cognizance of the existence of the progress report. Meantime the officers in the force are han dicapped. A greater strain of duty than they can bear (with no addition to salary) has been placed on them, and all because the Government are frightened to take a bold stand. The force is becoming do- pioraliand Kjr t.Ria b-irad of ' ' olllliy shally- mg," and officers and men are seeing that promotion in the ranks of the police force can only be obtained by political intrigue and influence. It is time the Government cast aside the fear which keeps them from acting, and instead of "pigeon holing" the report, take some action on it : as sooner or later they will have to do so. — " World." The Intercolonial Cricket Match. — The match between representatives of Victoria and New South Wales com. menced in Sydney on Friday was resumed on Saturday ; the New South Welshmen continuing their first innings. When the stumps were drawn the score showed 640 runs for the loss of six wickets. Of this I large total, Murdoch contributed no fewer than 321 runs, and the large number of spectators assembled testified their appre ciation of his grand play by according him a perfect ovation on his retiring to the pavilion, and, further, by starting a testi monial subscription, which on Saturday evening amounted to nearly 200 guineas. Jones, who is a promising young cricketer, scored 109, and Garrett 75 (not out). Play was continued on Monday. Bethanoa and Cotton Tree Mem.— Our correspondent writes : Very little stir has been made here lately, although Messrs Harris and Hollow have disposed of their property to a large company, who have I already ordered new machinery, &c.;, and are building new calcining furnaces. Be yond this everything is about the same ; but Mr Harris, who is manager for the company, expects shortly — in fact, as soon as the new machinery arrives and is placed — to put on a considerable number of men. Messrs Wallace also are erecting new ma chinery, but we hear of no more men going on yet. So with Cotton Tree : Two or three companies are preparing to start. The Granya Company (the Mariner's pro perty, together with other claims pur- 1 chased and added to it) have already some ( machinery arrived, and are also sending I some to what waB known as Grant's (pur- 1 chased). The Maritana have also a battery on the road, and the same applies to the ; Firebrace Comnanv. In the moanl.imo although a few wages mon have been put on, nothing is stirring Several offers have been made for claims, but the owners ask such large figures that the capitalists are fairly driven off. I see your Bethanga correspondent says he hears of a great rush at Granya. He has been misinformed. Tin is all the go now, and several parties are leaving Cotton Tree for the tin districts. Jingellic is now fairly covered with lease pegs, but still prospectors and capitalists are arriving daily. Koetong is also pegged out, and so is Cudgewa ; in fact, whereever there is the least show for tin, in goes four pegs, and the pegger-out looks around for some speculator. The Alfred Company, at Jingellic, looks well ; the lode being from 4 to 6 feet wide ; and the company have ordered special machinery from Germany. To conclude, Bethanga, Cotton Tree and Jingellic are on the tip-toe of expectation, and a number of men will shortly be wanted at all three mining centres. Nbw Licenses Issued. — Henry Charl ton, 5a, North Wangaratta ; James Bar ker, 6a, Whorouly ; George Egan, 9a, Stanley ; Bridget Jones, 9a 3r, Beech- 1 worth ; Charles Wells, 20a, Murmungee ; Joseph Williamson, 17a, Whorouly ; Wm. I Baker, 12a, Yackandandah ; Jorgen Fed- derson, 20a, Yackandandah ; Thomas I Harvey, 18a Or 37p, Yackandandah ; Thomas McNamara, 9a, Yackandandah ; Eliza J. Bell, 20a, Eurandelong ; Thomas I Geddes, 10a, Myrtleford ; Robert Gould, 20a, Harrietville ; Alexander Henderson, | JL«7& 0 vp| c or6pUuiiftu p uutiii u umiBiuH, 14a Or lOp, Bright ; Charles Johnston, 20a, Porepunkah; James Lock, 10a Or 26p, Bright ; James Samuel Mansfield, 20a, Porepunkah ; Matthew Marshall, 10a, Freeburgh ; William Moore, 11a, Eursnde long ; John Osborne, 16a 3r 37p, Free burgh ; John Price, 11a, Porepunkah ; Isaac Slean, 9a lr 25p, Freeburgh ; Ste phen Hayfron, 20a, Woorrage® North W. S. Smith, 8a, Chiltern ; J. Thomas Smith, transferase of Peter Boyle through the of ficial assignee, 20a, Chiltern ; Solomon Cratohley, 20a, Berringa ; Hugh Jefirey, 20&, Berringa ; John Barker, 20a, Chfl- tern West ; Michael Byrne, 20a, Chiltern West ; Julia Culhane, 18a, Chiltern West; Edward Hoile, 20a, Carlyle ; Robert Pot- , ter, 20a, Chiltern West ; William Petti- grew, 20a, Lilliput ; William J. Runting, 20a, Carlyle; Ann Stapleton, 20a, Chil tern West ; Joseph Trevillian, junr., 19a, Chiltern West; Christopher Walden,20a, Chiltern West ; J. Smith, 20a, Berringa ; John Wallace, 20a, Freeburgh ; Wil liam Buck, 2a, Myrtleford; Thomas Morris, 3a 2r 22p, Bright ; Wm. Tanner, 13a 2r 14p, Barnawartha ; Mary E. I O'Donnell, 20a, Myrtleford; Edward Hackford, 19a Sr 39p, Lulliput. Beechworth County Court. — This court will be opened at ten o'clock to morrow (Wednesday) morning, before HiB Honor Judge Skinner. Contracts Accepted. — The following contracts have been accepted : — Erection of State-school, Benalla East — D. McKen- zie, £1788 10s ; lining ceilings, repairs, painting, etc., State-school, Gundowring — Ramsay and Michelsen, £51 19s 9ft ; re pairs, painting,- etc. , State-school, Corry- ! ong — Thos. Oxenham, £70 10s. New Post-office. — A post-office has been opened at Burramine South, via Benalla. Promotions.— Mr E. J. Outtrim, post master at Bright, and Mr Jas. Sennett, postmaster at Beechworth, have been pro moted front the fifth class to be officers of the fourth, at fixed salaries (without increment). The Bellringers. — Those well-known artists, the Lynch Family of Bellringers, Instrumentalists and Vocalists, are now travelling overland from Sydney to Mel bourne, and may be expected in Beech worth early next month. The company, which has been entirelv re-orpanised. now comprises the talented Lynch Family (six I in number) and the follow ing members of the English Specialty Combination, who are now making their first tour of the Australian colonies : — Messrs Ghas. Lynd- hurst, the greacest living ventriloquist ; Alfred Santley, the favorite baricune ; Frank Harcourt, lightning change artist ; Frank Stevens, champion clogographalist and song and dance performer ; James Warde, characteristic impersonator, and Professor Alfred Statham, the eminent pianist and composer. As may be seen, the company is one of great variety, and, I without doubt, one of the strongest com binations that ever toured the Australian colonies. Myrtleford Mem. — There are still fires burning on Cropper's Creek and the Black Range; also, the fire from the Buffalo Creek has extended te the slopes and plateaux of the Buffalo. These fke3 look grand during the dark nights, but the pungency of the smoke causes blight to cattle and horses. The fires exten ed to wards Bright, but at Eurobin Creek wil ling hands turned the fires up the moun tain ranges, where, from consuming the undergrowth, benefit will result. The pic nic in connection with the Waterloo School was held at the school-house there on Fri day, the 10th, and was in every way a I great success; many of those residing at Waterloo and Myrtleford having sub scribed most liberally to provide prizes for the young of both sexes. The head- teacher, Mr Willey, and his amiable wife I did all that lay in their power to contri bute to the pleasures of the youngsters, their parents, and their friends. Mr Wm. tflltfoll of 1vt" IT y f"1 of/1 r»/-| Ill nn nl, a XIUUI.UUJ v«. ViailClOU Ail OUU11 A I manner that, both as regards quality and quantity, satisfaction was given to all. The races and prizes were numerous and diversified, to suit the ages and sexes of the competitors. There was a capital booth, boarded and arrayed for dancing. Mr H. Loaerson played excellent dance music, and the lovers of dancing enjoyed them selves until daylight had for some time made the hill-tops golden purple with Apollo's magic pencil. The weather still continues droughty, nor does there appear any prospect of a change. I Bank Half-holidays. — Thursday and Friday afternoons, 23rd and 24th inst., have been proclaimed as bank half-holi days at Benalla. Peaches. — The crop of peaches this year in the Albury district has been a very poor one, but Mr Frazer, as usualj has managed to bring some very fine de scriptions to maturity in his orchard, three miles out of Wodonga, on the Middle Creek road. We ("Border Post") have tasted some peaches of the " Ameri can Pound" species, which were delicious, and which gave a very complete contra diction to the assertion which has been made regarding the impossibility of rear ing this description of peach iu these districts. Political Gossip. — The Melbourne cor respondent of the " Hamilton Spectator" writes : — Personally, I continue to back my opinion that the present team are safe till the general election, but among those who tellme differently are such men as Ker- ferd, who is usually a sagacious prophet, and M'Kean, who from being a Govern ment supporter has turned a virulent opponent. Ramsay, they tell me, is to be a prominent man in the new combination, and Francis, Patterson and Berry are to hn in if. " Rorrff. T llflflfirsfanfl. i« willinw I fc/W "J 1 — — J to go in, and will serve under either Ram- or Francis, upon condition that the preponderance in- the composition of the Government is from his side of the House. So far, the gossip is in that direction ; but there is the other aspect which includes the determination of the " Argus" to keep the Government in till Mr Murray Smith's return, which is to be before the general election ; and if I know anything of Fran cis, it enables me to say that he will not place himself in opposition to that journal. The " Argus" arrangement is understood to provide for Mr Murray Smith's return ing iu time to take the lead of the present team, vice Sir Bryan O'Loghlen transferred to the bench. That matter is well known to be as good as settled ; Mr Molasworth retiring, Mr Holroyd taking his equity, and Sir Bryan going en as common law. With the present team going to the coun- ; try at the next election, having Mr Murray Smith sb Premier, it is assumed that an effectual checkmate would be played against the move of the radicals who are depending so largely upon the Protestant Bcare, which they anticipate will have taken possession of the constituencies by the time the next appeal to the ballot-box arrives. Thns you have it pretty much as the more prominent of the political chess-players of the time are talking it over ; but it can only be gossip for Bome time yet, as Sir Bryan does net intend that there shall be any calling together of the school before May. The lucky baro net believes in the sentiment of the song, " The present moment is our ain, the next I we never saw. Robbery. — Early on Sunday merning, 1 5th inst., one of Hobb's patent locks and key, to which was also attached a silver chain, was taken from a door-staple of a dwelling in ConneBS-street east, Chiltern, states the ' ' Standard. " On the lock being missed, the occupier of the house, after an unsuccessful Bearch in the yard, com municated with - the Chiltern police, who, with commendable promptitude, visited the scene of the robbery, and having satisfied themselves a theft had been com mitted, left with the intention of tracing out the thief. The latter, however, fearing that the vigilance of the former might lead to his arrest, suddenly acquired a sense ef honesty, and :in less than twenty -hours of the time of the robbery the lock and key, &c.; , were placed within I a few inches of the spot from where they had been bo mysteriously removed. The Wheat Yield. — We learn from Albury that the new wheat raised in that district proves .to he of .unusually good quality. It is, however/coming in very slowly ; farmers anticipating . a further advance oa current rates— 4s to 4s 3d. ' Gas. — The Town Hall, Beechworth, was on Monday evening for the first time lighted with gas, by means of two four- feet handsome sunlight reflectors of twenty jets. When turned on full the illumina tion was a m©3t effective one, and reflects great credit upon the skilful manner in which Messrs J. and R. Cunningham ful filled their contract. With so many lights, it was thought that the hall would be heated to an uncomfortable degree, but this was prevented by the construction of tne reflectors, which provide ample ventilation through the ceiling ; and the advantages of the new system of public lighting . were apparent — being cleanly, economical and effective. - The Council Chamber is also fitted with a handsome five-light gasalier, and ihe of fices and side entrance with bracket lights. The majority of the principal business premises within the town are lighted with gas, by means ©f fittings of various de scriptions ; and the light supplied being of a superior quality and the cost con siderably under that incurred by kerosene- lighting, it will doubtless ere long ccome into universal use among householders in the town. Sir Henry Parkes in America. — During nis stay it, Aioany, en route iov New York, Sir Henry Parkes was con ducted over the new State Capitol, one of the costly structures of its class in the world, and over the Houses of the Legis lature. On the 8th inst. he was enter tained at a banquet given in his honor by the Governor of the State of New York at the Executive Mansion-house. Sir Henry has requested the Chamber of Commerce of New York t© discuss the commercial relations between the "United States and the Australian colonies, more especially in regard to the wool duties, and has asked that body to pass a special resolution on this subject. The Chamber will meet on the 15th inst. to disenss these matters. — "Argus." Embezzlement. — A young man named Gallagher, i» the employ of Mr R. Roe. butcher, of Benalla, was arrested 011 Monday morning for embezzling money belonging to his employer. It appears lie has been in the habit of taking payments and not accounting to his employer for them. No idea can be formed of the amount ; but it is thought the practice has been going on for some time. He will he brought before the local Bench to-day (Tuesday). Pianoforte Tuning.— Mr J. J. Robin son, pianoforte tuner, desires to intimate that he will visit Beechworth during the week, for the purpose of tuning piauo- fortes and other musical instruments. Match for £20 Aside. — The match arranged by Messrs Willis Little and W. Newcomen, in which the former backed his b g Reform to ruu the latter's ch m Colleen Bawn, 14 miles, ou the Benalla Racecoure, came oft 011 Monday. The match has created considerable excite ment during the past fortnight, and at 3 p.m. fully 300 townspeople assembled to witness the race. 2 to 1 was freely offered on the horse, who was made a warm favorite, and, as is nearly always the case, the favorite was beaten easily. A good start was effected. Reform soon showed in front, and the first tim-j passing the post was fully ten lengths ahead ; but the mare was well iu hand about half way from home and gradually drew on her opponent, and at the quarter-mile post waB ahead. It was plain to all that Reform had "shot his loolt," although Hill turned the whip on him. The mare gradually drew away, and won hands down. Hughes rode the mare splendidly. The " pot boiled over," and faces which five minutes before looked radiant, at the termination of the race put on deep mourning, writes our correspon dent. Bank Changes. — Mr S. W. G. Camp, bell, manager of the Beechworth branch of the Bank of Australasia, is about to be transferred to Williamstown. He will be succeeded by Mr Wighton, from Geelong ; but as the latter gentle man is at present on sick leave. Mr Headdey, at present stationed at Albury, will relieve Mr Campbell at Beechworth. During his four and a half years' residence in the town Mr Campbell has made many friends and gained the universal respect of the community, owing to his genial gentlemanly demeanour both in his pri vate and official capacity and hie departure will be much regretted, although we are pleased to learn that the change means promotion. Cricket. -Euroa Benedicts v Benalla Benedicts. The above match came off on the Benalla ground on Saturday last, and, much to the surprise to the locals, resulted in an easy win for their opponents ; mainly ©wing to their good all- round play. In every department of the game they excelled the locals, who now vow that before the return matGh is played they will go into severe practice. Louch cap tained the locals, and Barr the visitors. Owing to the poor fielding of the home team, the visitors put together 91 runs. Benalla looked on their task almost as hopeless, until Jordan and Rodda got to gether and made matters warm ; but the bowling of Euroa was a great deal ' ' too muchly" for the fathers of local families, who went down like sheep before Messrs Barr and Blunder. The game was a most enjoyable one, notwithstanding that Benalla only put together 59 runs ; the visitors thus, winning by 32. Forage. — The tender of Messrs R. Taylor and Co., of Ford-Btreet, Beech worth, has been accepted by Gsvernment for the supply of forage as under : — Oats and bran at the police station and the Lunatic Asylum, Beechworth, and at the police station, Chiltern ; and oats at El Dorado. Wahounyah and Corowa Mem. — Our correspondent on Monday writes : — On Friday last the only child of Mr and Mrs Haig, of Corowa, a young girl about sixteen years old, died, after a short illness. Much sympathy i« felt for the parents in their great affliction. On Saturdav the remains of the vounv trirl were interred in the Corowa Cemetery. A great number of townsmen and other friends attended, to show their regard for the parents of deceased. The Rev. H. E. Thomson read the funeral service. A special meeting of the committee of the Wahgunyah Public Library was held on Wednesday night last at the reading- room, in order to elect two members of the committee, in the place of Messrs Law andLucas resigned, onacoount of their leav ing the district. Messrs Carne and Haicr were unanimously elected. A most fa vorable position was shown in regard to the institution, and it is to be' hoped that its prosperity will continue. The weather -still continues very hot, and there is not the least sign of rain. On my last visit to Corowa I was much surprised io see a miserable object, in the shape of an animal that might have been a valuable horse, bnt is now merely a mass of skin and bone. No deiibt, the owners do not like to dispose of an old servant, but it would be more merciful to take the re mains of life from the poor animal. During the month) 1593 bags of wheat and 512 bags of flour have been .crossed from New South Wales. New Insolvent. — John Efmve, saddler, of Euroa. Causes of insolvency : De pression in trade and wane of remune rative employment. Debts, £202 18s ; liabilities, £63 17s 9d ; deficiency, £139 0s 3d. Mr Jehu Turner, official assignee. Payments by Hospital Patients. —At a meeting of the committee of manage ment of the Mansfield Hospital held on Wndnesdav. 8th inst.. the matter of pay- ments by patients was taken into con sideration, an 1 is thus referred to by the " Guardian " in its issue of Saturday last : — We quite approve of the action taken by the Hospital Comniifciee, on the suggestion of Mr H. Griffiths, to alter the rule which has hitherto been held to in the matter of the patients' payment to the hospital. As matters have previously stood, a patient who could uot afford to pay £2 a week has neither been asked or expected to pay anything. This is surely a mistake. Many a working man who might have to take advantage of our most excellent iHstitutiou and remain there several weeks, perhaps, would willingly make some return withiu his means, yet would honestly say he could uot afford to pay £2 per week. Consequently, many a pound has probably been lo3t r.o the institution through this , . . i nn _ iv iN hard and fast rule or Jtz or notning. oome few weeks since we mentioned this very matter to one of the committee, who did not seem to think it worth moving in. We were very glad, therefore, to see Messrs Griffiths and Kelson acting as they did. Furniture Sale.: — We would direct attention to the Bale by Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. on Thursday, 16th inst., of valu able furniture and household effects be longing to Mr S. W. G. Campbell, at the Bank of Australasia. Beecchworth. \- Naval Regatta. — The honor of the colony was ably upheld at the naval regatta in Hobson's Bay on Saturday, by the local nien-of- war'3 men, who won not ouly all the rowing matches, but also the .sailing race iu which they competed, reports the " Telegraph." There was a large attendance on board the Nelson, which vessel did- duty as flagship, and the success of the victors met with general recognition. The struggles for supremacy were unusually hard, ihe course being against a stiff breeze, and the compara tively heavy sea caused tnereby gave the competitors an opportunity of displaying their prowess in rough water. The Russians pulled gamely, but while the British boats held good positions in the races, only several of their boats showed to ad van tag.;. The complete victory of the British was attributed by some to the roughness of the bay. The day's pleasure was added to by the band of the Russian siiip Afrika, which discoursed choice music on board the flagship. All the events were concluded in good time, and, of course, to the satisfaction of the many spectators representing this British com munity. St. Valentine's Day. — To-day being the anniversary known among all English- speaking people ar St. Valentine's Day, is an occasion looked forward to with much interest by youths of both sexes, on ac count of its providing them with a suitable opportunity of interchanging tokens of affection and friendship in the form of embellished and tenderly werded cards and stuhi:ts known as valentines, of which Mr John Fleteher, of Ford-street, Beechworth, and Mr Wm. Bickerton, of Murphy-street, Wangaratta (as intimated in our business columns), keep alarge and varied stock, and have, as n.-mal at this season of the year, disposed of a great number to " love-sick swains and amorous maids" —as the re cords of the post- office at the end of the week will show. Jingellic Tin Lodes Mining Company (Limited). — The adjourned half-yearly general meeting of this company was held at Scott's Hotel, Collins-street, Mel bourne, on Wednesday, 8th inst. ; Mr T. Vasey in the chair. The balance-sheet and reports were adopted, and Messrs N. J. Williams and J. B. M'Quie were elected auditors for the current year. Farm Stock and Implements. — On the 22nd inst. Mr Geo. Phillipson, jun., will conduct an extensive sale of horses, cattle, sheep, farming implements, &c.;, at Mr Jas. Pratt's farm, Estcourt. A Chapter of Misfortunes. — A gen tie- man at Scarsdale (says the Ballarat "Courier") recently had rather an un pleasant experience of the truth of the old adage that misfortunes never come singly, for three following telegrams informed him, first that his father-in-law was dead, next that another relative of his wife had died, and last that a bush-fire was blazing 11 tv 9 17 in liia nafilrl/iolr . Tha iinlnalrsp mnn UilAUOnj mau at last came to look upon himself as a modern Job, and on the telegraph a3 the substitute for the messengers which brought such bad tidings to that long-, suffering man. Novel Shaft-sinking. — A novel pro cess of shaft-sinking at the New North Homebush Company's mine is (the " Balla rat Star" states) thus described in a letter recently received by a leading resident of Ballarat: — "A few days ago I went to the New North Homebueh to see the divers prepare to go below to sink in the drift. They put on a great quantity o' cbthes, nearly as much as the Dutchman in Washington Irving's story. Over the clothes they had on they drew a strong waterproof suit, body, arms, legs, and boots, all in one piece, made to slip the body by puttiug in the feet first, then draw ing it up to the neck, then laced and tied firmly in the front, and where the hands came through for cuffs there are india- rubber tubes 4 or 5 iuches in length, fitting closely to the wrists and arms, preventing the entrance of water. Oyer the shoulders of the waterproof dress, screwed to it firmly by finger screws, is placed a metal breast and back-piece, and a necklet with a round screw, to which the heid- piece below is screwed. In the breast-piece there is a valve to open occasionally, to let escape the exhalations. The neck-piece of the watei -proof suit was pulled well through- the metal necklet. Over the shoulders the workmen place a canvas jumper, then they put on a pair ot canvas or duck trousers. The trousers and jumpers were well laced and belted together ; over the lower part of the waterproof dress, which looks like boots, is put on a pair of strong leather boots, with soles_ of lead inch thick. The boxes holding the air-putnps are 3 feet in length, 1£ feet in breath, three pumps in each box. The cylinder of each pnmp is 8 inches in length, the diameter 3 inches -—a box to each diver. Each box is driven by three men, two at work and one on spell. The divers are now working under 50 feet of water. The depth of the drift is 14 feet ; 9 feet has been sunk through,' and work is going on very well. ' Victorian Railway Returns;— The traffic returns on Victorian Railways fir the week ending February 2 show that the total receipts amounted to £38,227 2s 6d ; this making the aggregate returns from July 1, last year, £1,008,425 lis 2d. The weekly average has been for that neriod £32,629 lis 2d. The return for the corres- jondmg week of 1881 was £38,263 9s 6d, but the decrease in passenger receipts is stated at £2,587 13s lid. This is attributed to the fact of the exhibition last year causing a larger number of persons to travel over -the lines. 