FIRES IN THE BULLS. ' Notwithstanding , the _ extension of settlement in ,the hills to, the south and east of Adelaide it would appear that the bush*, fires, with :which we are unfortu nately too familiar at this season of the year, are annually increasing in number and destructivenesB. Indeed, the opinion may, be ventured that the comfort and convenience of a healthful summer residence in the hills are some what counterbalanced by the danger of devastating fires such as that which broke out in the Mount Lofty Ranges on Sunday last. It is much to be regretted that as a rule the origin of these conflagrations remains unknown; for while there is no doubt that they may occasionally be caused by the accidental or even spontaneous ignition of matches dropped on the ground by some care less woodcarter or passing pedes trian, there is some reason for believing that they are not always the result of such causes. The erratic courses generally followed . by the bush fires in the hills make them much more difficult to deal with than similar conflagrations on level country, where the direction and rate of progress can be pretty accurately calculated from the direction and force of the wind. With regard to -the former, it - often seems as if some malevolent fiend were direct ing the advance of the flame3 in order to frustrate the efforts of those en gaged in extinguishing them. Home steads which' appeared to be in no danger have by a Blight change in the wind speedily been enveloped in clouds of smoke and thickly falling sparks, which threaten every moment to entail inevitable destruction. The bush fire in the Mount Lofty Ranges was exceptionally destructive, but, like so many of its predecessors, there is absolutely nothing to show how it was caused. Two woodcarters on Sunday saw smoke ascending from a clump of timber on Mr. John Williams's property, near Brownhill Creek. One of the blacktrackers professes to have traced its origin back to Captain France's property, but of thfe nothing certain can be affirmed until the locality has been foither examined. The fire swept over more than twenty-five square miles of country, destroying in its course a house, valuable pasturage, timber, fencing, fruit-trees, fruit, wood, and a multitude of fowls. When we come to consider what should be done to prevent the re currence of such dreadful calamities, the only conclusion to be arrived at is that residents in the hills must depend largely upon their own endeavours. We have a Bush Fire3 Act with very stringent provisions, and other legislation of a like sort ; but still bush fires happen with alarming frequency. Two or three years ago we urged the establish ment of country fire brigades, and subse quent experience seems to indicate that this is at least one practicable mode of mitigating the difficulty now felt when bush fires occur. These brigades would simply be voluntary organizations amongst the local residents for combined action in dealing with conflagrations. There would be no call for the expensive appliances necessary in the case of the ordinary brigades in towns ; the chief value of establishing them would be to secure united and systematic action. The necessity for this is demonstrated by nearly every bush fire that happens. If neighbours would arrange to co-operate in cases of fire it might be possible to obtain assistance for extinguishing fires before they become unmanageable. It does not require argument to prove that a number of persons acting under the direction of an intelligent leader would do more good in combating the advance of a fire than several isolated parties working independ ently of each other, and liable at any moment to find themselves taken in flank or rear by the enemy they are contending against. Bendes this, such organizations would lead to the judi cious employment of all available help. There are many persons who are physi cally incapable of prolonged exertion in the heat of a bush fire who might very usefully be employed as messengers, scouts, and water-carriers to those engaged in the more arduous labours of beating out the flames. It is a matter for regret that some difficulty was experienced on Sunday in getting persons resident in the district to turn out and assist in the work of ex tinguishing the fire. A more generous and self-sacrificing style of conduct might fairly be expected in presence of such an imminent danger. Had an organization such as we speak of been in existence it is probable that the people would not have been amenable to such a reproach. It is also essential that persons living in the hills where bush fires are likely to occur should take the precaution of clearing a good space round their pro perties, removing the light brushwood which is apt so speedily to collect, and also the larger timber-trees which are so fertile a source of danger when a bush-fire is raging. Although a precaution like this will not in all case3 present an insuper able obstacle to the advance of the flame?, the experience gained during Monday last proves that it will tend to promote the safety of homesteads. After all, however, the safeguards that can be adopted are not very much to be depended upon ; prevention in this instance is infinitely better than cure, and every pains should be taken to prevent the outbreak of fires. To this end . the ~ severe penalties provided by .legislation against carelessness on the ;part of smokers, picnickers, and ? others should be rigorously enforced wherever an opportunity is found for enforcing them. 