THE STORY-TELLER. CHRONICLES OF MARAH. JIM WORTHINGTON'S EXPERIMENT. BY MARK WEST. PART III. Jim will never forget in all her length of days the first six months of her experience as a selector. How infinitesimally little did her treasured knowledge so lightly gained, so highly prized, prove to be in actual daily life. How distinct and terrible a difference there was between work as carried out in one's own person and work carried out as heretofore in the person of another. Yet the bodily labour she counted as nothing, though her back ached and her hands roughened under it. Was not any work, however hard, to be heartily welcomed in preference to that other horrible alternative, placed before her and her sisters by her father on that memorable night ? But the natural anxiety consequent on this effort to support herself by a means of which, as she found out day by day, she knew so little, the haunting fear of failure, with its inevit- able accompaniment of the " I told you, so's" of pitying and prescient friends, the necessary encounter of much that was distressing to her as a young girl and a lady, all these com- bined to form a shadowy skeleton in the cup- board, of whose presence she was, however, very careful to give no sign. The disapproval and want of sympathy of her friends was also no light burden, since in almost all of her neces- sary trips into Marah she was made to feel keenly by insinuation, hint, or deprecating smile, that she was considered " eccentric," "masculine," "a woman's rights woman," and what not. These little pricks and stabs were invariably administered by feminine hands, for Jim's male friends, with one ex- ception, upheld her staunchly. The one ex- ception was her brother-in-law, Mr. Chester, who used every means in his power to disgust Jim with her self-chosen occupation. Jim was obliged at this time to confess to herself that she hated Mr. Chester. His pale prominent eyes, his rasping voice and measured manner of speech, his exceeding, unutterable self - complacency, had been always exasperating to her. But he had rendered himself intensely obnoxious to her since his marriage by his unceasing persecu- tion of her on the subject of her selection ; and by (his greatest offence of all) the badinage she suffered at his hands ; badinage that he considered graceful and clever, and that she looked on as distinctly vulgar ; the subject being generally marriage, with which he continually contrived to introduce hardly veiled allusions to Mr. M'Nair, thereby driving Jim wild with suppressed annoyance. Mrs. Chester, as a matter of course, echoed her husband ; and one day passing severe strictures on Jim, garnished with choice quotations from the sayings of Mr. Chester, which she uttered with something of his own self-satisfaction, she goaded her into saying sharply— " I would much rather be in my position, unladylike as you may think it, than in yours, Georgie. We shall never agree about the unwomanliness of marrying for a home if we talked till doomsday, so I won't say any more about that. But what would you do now if it leaked out and came to Mr. Chester's ears that papa had made us three choose between a selection or marriage in three months ? What would your husband think of you then ?" Georgie winced and looked deeply offended. Harrie, who was lounging on the sofa, pale and listless, started up, blushing deeply. " Oh, Jim!" she cried, " it has not come out !" " Nonsense," said Georgie scornfully, " how could it come out ? And if it did, I am not afraid. Mr. Chester would not believe it ; he is very fond of me." Harrie sat down, apparently relieved : Jim shrugged her shoulders ; she did not believe that Mr. Chester could bear any blow to his vanity with equanimity. The entrance of the gentleman in question put a stop to the con- versation , and gave the signal for Jim's im- mediate departure, which, however, was not effected without a stray shot or two from him. " Well, Jim," he began, as soon as he saw her. " You are looking uncommonly well, upon my word. Life at Vennachar seems to agree with you." It was one of Mr. Chester's delights to speak always as if Jim resided at Vennachar, and never to give her selection its proper name of Alabama. " There must be some sweet influence at work," he went on ; " it cannot be the selector's life only that gives you such bright eyes." " I am very well," said Jim, coldly. " Come, Harrie, you could tell tales if you liked," said Mr. Chester, enjoying his joke hugely. " I daresay if the truth were known he has been serenading her these moonlight nights. If he has not begun, I'll give him a hint that music hath charms " " Good-bye, Georgie," said Jim, cutting Mr. Chester short in the middle of his pleasantry. " Come Harrie," and with curling lip and head held high she bid him a cool good-bye and escaped. But if Jim's annoyances were many, her compensations more than counterbalanced them. She would not have changed places with anybody. She dearly loved the solitude and freedom of bush life. She took a vivid interest in her stock, collectively and in- dividually ; in her daily developing garden, her dairy - work and poultry. The days seemed ever too short ; the evenings fled swiftly with books, music, work, and sisterly chat with Harrie. Mr. Worthington, when he began to realise that his despised daughter was actually sup- porting herself aa if she were indeed the boy she should have been, positively infused a little respect into his manner to her ; which so electrified Georgie and Harrie that they declared he must surely be going to die ! And Jim, when she was depressed or over-tired, fled for comfort to her mother, who held a never-failing supply for her brave " headstrong " daughter. So Jim fancied her life complete. And time flowed evenly on till she awoke with a start to the dismal fact that shearing, time was at hand. Her first shearing ! After all, she felt very little anticipatory nervous- ness at the approach of what she felt to be an ordeal with the recollection of Mr. Fitz- gerald's offer of superintending her first "shed." She wrote to him reminding him of that long-standing promise ; and to her bitter disappointment received an apologetic reply from his wife saying that he must have forgotten all about it, for he had taken the management of two or three " sheds " in the northern district, and would be certainly absent for three months. It was a severe disappointment. Jim sat down with the letter in her hand, and wondered dolefully how she and Smith would emerge from the affair. She had very little reliance on Smith's discretion and judgment when entirely un- supported ; and she naturally shrank from personal intercourse with shearers. Smith was, after all, only a "help;" he did not profess to be more ; she supposed (with something suspiciously like a shudder) that, after a little while, she would get not to mind that sort of thing, and be like Mrs. Stevens of Noark ; an estimable lady, I must remark en passant, who, since the death of her husband, many years ago, had entirely managed her own station, to the admiration of the whole district, but to whom Jim had an unreasoning dislike, based, it was be- lieved, on no better grounds than that the unlucky lady possessed a moustache, which, it was whispered, she kept within bounds by the simple expedient of shaving, a practice that Jim denounced as " horrible." As Jim sat gloomily revolving the possible future in store for her, she was roused by the en- trance of Harrie, with sleeves tucked up and bare floury arms, bearing a note which she tossed across to her sister, saying, as she disappeared again, " From Vennachar. Jim opened it wonderingly; what could Mr. M'Nair have to write about ? Behold, a way opened to her out of her shearing diffi- culty. Mr. M'Nair wrote proposing that her sheep should be shorn at his shed when his shearing was over, before the men left ; " since," the note ran, " it would be sooner over, and it would, perhaps, be pleasanter for you than to be troubled by the presence, even for a few days, of very rough men, such as the majority of shearers certainly are." It was a delightful and most opportune offer. Jim immediately sat down, pen in in hand, to accept it gratefully, when Mr. Chester's exasperating smile and ill-bred banter flashed to her remembrance. A crimson blush burned angrily over face and neck, and she flung down the pen pettishly. " It is a detestable state of things, and very hard," she said to the ambient air, " that just because I am a girl, and he is a rich young man, I cannot accept an advantageous business offer like this without the certainty of its being misconstrued, and bringing down on myself heaps of coarse chaff. I do hate people that are always thinking of marriage, and that sort of thing ; if you mention a man's name twice they proclaim that you must be in love with him ; if he turns over a page of your music they shout through trumpets that he is on the point of pro- posing. Idiots !" Jim was angry, and perhaps execrated a trifle : and was certainly incoherent. Then she sat in a state of lamentable inde- cision. First she took the pen up, deter- mined to accept Mr. M'Nair's offer ; then she laid it irresolutely down again as Mr. Chester's pale eyes rose before her mind's eye. She would accept ; no, she would refuse ! So she rang the changes till Harrie once more appeared at the door. " Have you written your mysterious answer, Jim ?" she asked. " The man has had a cup of tea, and he's waiting still. Do be quick. I want to get on with ray biscuits, and I hate working with a strange man looking on." " In a minute," said Jim desperately, and common sense having the upper hand at the time she hastily wrote a note accepting Mr. M'Nair's offer ; a note that in spite of her- self was a frosty, formal, little epistle, and which called up a smile, half amused, half annoyed, to Mr. M'Nair's pleasant face as he read it. This important missive despatched, Jim was desired to make explanations. She did so. "And you hesitated," said Harrie in amazement. " Why, Jim. what could you have been thinking of ? The idea of getting it all over without any of the trouble and upsetting we have been dreading. It's glo- rious ! No horrid shearers about swearing and fighting. I adore Mr. M'Nair, just adore him. Whatever made you hesitate ? Tell me, in the name of patience." But Jim could not tell, which was not to her advantage in one way, since it set Miss Harrie's idle wits to work. So Jim's sheep were shorn at the Venna- char shed, and the time so much dreaded actually passed over as quietly to the two girls as any less important season of the year. Smith and his wonderful collie Lassie took the sheep in to Vennachar and brought them back again, and there was no trouble about the whole concern. Jim congratulated her self over and over again on having so good a neighbour. " An excellent clip," quoth Mr. Chester when he heard the result ; and Jim felt quite rich and complacent on the subject. Why here was Christmas already. Jim the selector received a special invitation from Mr. Worthington to dine at the paternal mansion on Christmas Day, and Harrie the drone was included in this invitation, under protest. Wonders would never cease. Other four were of the party ; Mr. and Mrs. Chester, Tom Sylvester, and—Mr. M'Nair. What a pleasant day it was ! Jim and Harrie, who, I regret to say, were fast losing their fear of their father, were in high spirits ; gentle Mrs. Worthington beamed on all, triumphantly happy, in the respect that was plainly visible in her husband's manner to Jim ; Mr. and Mrs. Chester were decorously complacent ; Tom Sylvester, full of nonsense, was quietly egged on and abetted in his ex- travagances by Mr. M'Nair. So the day went ; but before it was actually a thing of the past Mr. Worthington brought the astonishment of his family to a climax. He proposed Jim's health. " Ladies and gentlemen," he began—and an appalled silence fell on all. Was Mr. Worth- ington going to be facetious ? " I have an agreeable object in view in addressing you. I wish to propose the health of my daughter Jim, who, during the past six months, has very deservedly won my respect by her plucky endeavour to support herself by a means not generally resorted to by women. There seems every probability that she will succeed, I am happy to learn ; she has already succeeded in one thing ; as I have already said, she has very justly earned my respect. She best knows how." Was this really Mr. Worthington speaking ? Yes ; for in his last sentence he had, true to his old instinct, sharply lashed his other daughters. But Jim's health was drunk with all honours. Holiday-making must soon pass with people who have to work for their living ; and Jim had her harvesting still on hand. That was an affair that she could not transfer to Vennachar or anywhere else ; she must manage it herself; she must make all the necessary arrangements for the cutting, threshing, &c;" of her forty acres of waving golden oats. During the short time that this was in progress Jim was kept desperately busy. She wondered mentally at the amazing amount of refreshment that working men required—their breakfast, their 10 o'clock light lunch, their midday solid dinner, their 4 o'clock tea, their 6 o'clock supper. The day seemed one long cooking tournament, while as to the tea, oatmeal and water, and lime juice they consumed through the day, irrespective of their meals, Harrie affirmed that they drank them by the hogshead. When the men had finally gone, when the hum of the daily threshing-machine and the drone of the nightly concertina were heard no longer, then Jim, with folded hands and sigh of relief, said— " Now, Harrie, the worst part of the year is over." " I'm sure I'm glad of it," said lazy Harrie. But Jim reckoned without her host. The summer crept on apace, hot and dry. By the end of January the shallow little creek that gurgled past the garden fence, first shrinking to a sluggish thread of water, finally hid itself altogether till better times should come. The water-holes tried to fol- low its example, but by reason of their tiny springs and greater depth only succeeded in resolving themselves into pools of liquid mud, surrounded by broad margins of fœtid mire, in which the panting sheep, made audacious by thirst, sank unable to extricate them selves—in other words were " bogged." To each of these waterholes Jim, followed by her aide-de-camp Smith, paid visits morning and evening to release unfortunate prisoners ; till Jim, her heart aching for her dear sheep, declared that before next summer she would metal the margins of each of those sloughs of despond, an announcement that convulsed Smith with throes of inward laughter. A hot day in February ; the atmosphere was a tremulous yellow haze ; there was no shade anywhere, the shadows of the thickest trees being feeble and unavailing under that fierce summer sun. Horses, cattle, and sheep alike were camping ; the still air was heavy with the aromatic scent of gum leaves mingled with the smell of distant bush-fires. Locusts were calling with monotonous chirp from tree to tree ; the birds were silent save a few crows who crossed the yellow sky with complaining "caw," and eager eyes turned downwards in search of what it might please their deities Thirst and Fire to send them. Jim sauntered languidly back from a visit to the waterholes, followed by Smith carrying his spade, and by their unfailing companions the dogs. They had been longer over this visit than usual, the waterholes being now very boggy ; and they had been delayed by an exciting chase after a big tiger snake, which had eluded them for some time, but which Jim had insisted on pursuing till it was safely killed ; and now were returning slowly through the sweltering heat. Smith looked behind him so frequently that he attracted Jim's attention at last. " What do you see, Smith ?" " Fire, miss," said Smith, laconically, pausing to mop his hot face and to lift his hat off his grizzled head with the vain hope of catching some faint breeze. " Where ?" " Close to Vennachar home station, I think. See there." He raised a grimy hand and pointed. Jim looked ; a heavy cloud of smoke hung over Vennachar, from the midst of which, as they were gazing, a dark column shot suddenly upwards. " Ah !" said Smith, with an indrawing of the breath, " it's among the ferns behind the house." " Why, that is very little more than two miles off," said Jim, very much alarmed ; do you think it will reach us ?" " There's no wind," said Smith, declining to commit himself, "and I s'pose there's plenty of men there." It was a terrible day for a fire, though there was no wind ; and Jim found herself looking back almost as often as Smith had done before they reached home. She hoped there was no danger to the Vennachar house. Directly they entered the kitchen, hot and weary, Harrie met them with a demand for flour. " I have used the last grain," she said, " and we were to have got it last week. Do send, Jim, we cannot wait any longer. I used the last to day." " I suppose you must go," said Jim, re- luctantly, to Smith, " though I do not like your being away with that fire so close." " I could wait till sundown," said Smith, " and be back through the night." " So you could," said Jim, much relieved. " Yes, Smith, that is just what we will do. I should not like you to be away for long with a fire within two miles of us." " No sure. But it'll be late before I get back, Miss Jim, may be one or two in the morning." " One or two in the morning !" echoed Harrie dismally, as she followed Jim out of the kitchen, "and we shall be alone all that time with nothing but the dogs and cats for protection. What shall we do if travellers come, Jim ?" Jim heaved a little sigh—tramps were her bete noire. " We shall be all right," she said, with a fine show of courage and a secret twinge of fear. " We have Chance and the Der- ringer." She hurried Smith away a little before sundown, however, in order that he might return the sooner. Having given him a list of what he was to bring back, and bestowed on him a final injunction to " be back as soon as possible," she watched him as he disappeared among the sheoaks and black woods, and then re- entered the house. There were visitors. She heard Harrie laughing and talking gaily. Visitors were doubly wel- come if their sex allowed of their being asked to stay the night. She harried into the sittingroom ; her hospitable intentions were frustrated ; there was but one visitor and that a gentleman—Mr. M'Nair. " Mr. M'Nair came over to see if we were frightened by the fire," said Harrie, as Jim came forward. " He says it is rather close." " Rather to tell you not to be frightened, Miss Worthington," said Mr. M'Nair. " You are quite safe for the present, and we shall all rush to the rescue if you are in any danger to-morrow, you may be sure—Hamilton from one side and I from the other ; you will have plenty of helpers." " Thanks," said Jim, smiling brightly ; " I shall count on you and Mr. Hamilton, at all events, then. Mr. Hamilton and I are great mates." " Yes, I know," replied Mr. M'Nair, wish- ing he and Miss Jim were great "mates" also ; " he is a splendid old fellow ; he worked to-day like a nigger, trying to save my woolshed." " Did you suffer much damage ?" asked Jim, deeply interested, as became a prospec- tive sufferer. " Some fencing," answered Mr. M'Nair, lightly ; " we saved the woolshed by a fluke " Gradually the conversation slipped round from the topic of the fire to pleasanter sub- jects, and over the invariable bush hos- pitality, a cup of tea, Jim, oblivious of Mr Chester's very existence, chatted frankly, her natural self once more, with Mr. M'Nair, till with sincere reluctance he was obliged to leave. " I had no idea I had been so long," he said, as he mounted his horse at the gate. It was an uncanny evening. The moon rose, a blood-red globe in a murky sky; bats wheeled through the thick air ; the curlews circled round the cottage, shrieking and wail- ing like those drifting lost spirits in the circle of the Inferno ; now and then a fitful breeze sighed through the sheoaks. Across at Vennachar the still burning trees flamed against the sky like the lights of a distant city, and over all lay the still, stifiing heat. " This is just like that scene in ' Der Freischütz," declared Harrie—" that scene in the glen, you know. We only want a Zamiel to appear to make it complete. My flesh is creeping, and I feel inclined to scream." Truth to tell, Jim's nerves, too, were highly strung. She knew her remedy ; and lighting the piano candles she played Chopin's weird melodies ; then, with soothing influence of Mendelssohn, and piquant brightness of Mozart, she exorcised the nervous devil that possessed them both alike, and so to bed. The hot day broke again, and Jim on rising found to her ineffable disgust that Smith had not returned. On her, therefore, devolved the duty of milking the cows—work she held in abomination as trying to the temper and destructive to the hands. But it had to be done, and it was with aching wrists and arms that she left the stock-yard an hour after, bearing the frothing buckets of milk into the house. Breakfast ; and still no Smith ! Jim looked down the track through the sheoaks, wondering uneasily what was delaying him. She did not mention her uneasiness to Harrie, but, leaving her to finish the housework, she set out for the waterholes as usual, followed listlessly by Chance, with scarlet tongue hanging out and drooping tail. Hiss ! there slid a snake through the crisp yellow grass, on which Jim's feet slipped as on a well-waxed floor. She armed herself with a stout stick, and with beating heart gave chase and triumphantly killed her quarry, after a short, sharp struggle ; then, flushed and panting, she pursued her way to the waterholes. How hot it was beside those unshaded bogs ! By the bye, she would have troughs made. How very stupid she and Smith had been not to think of that before. It would be very easy to fill then morning and evening, of course. So, with lightened heart, she went from one waterhole to another, till she reached the furthest, and her inspection over, turned to go home. She wondered if Smith were back by this time, and took out her watch ; a quarter to 12 With a sudden pang she thought of the fire, and pausing, looked back towards Ven- nachar ; there hung the ominous smoke- cloud, and through the adjacent timber a blue haze came stealing as if heralding the approach of the fire. Her mind was soon made up. She would take the sheep and horses out of this paddock and put them in the little paddock in front of the house, in case of accidents. She was thankful that there was not a breath of wind. She sent Chance round one side of the paddock while she took the other, and be- tween them they rounded up the sheep, and moved compactly and slowly homewards. Half way across the paddock she stopped short, her heart beating quickly ; her quick ear caught the thunder of horses' feet echoing through the trees. Some one was riding very hard this hot day—was it to her ? Her ques- tion was soon answered, Mr. M'Nair, his horse white with sweat, jumped the brush fence and was beside her. " Put the sheep through as quickly as you can," he said quickly, " and I'll ride in the horses. The fire will be down on you directly," and without waiting for reply he galloped off after the horses. Silently and hurriedly Jim pressed the frightened sheep onwards, and when at last she opened the gate beside the house, Mr. M'Nair met her, on foot this time. " Put on a woollen frock," be said, touch- ing disapprovingly the thin sleeve of Jim's light summer dress, " we shall both have to work till the men come, at all events. Go on, and when you have changed come to me up the paddock." He left her. It struck her as strange when she thought of it afterwards that she had made no answer. She obeyed silently, impli- citly, and swiftly, and calling to Harrie, the two girls changed their dresses and ran up the paddock to Mr. M'Nair. He was hard at work making a gap in the brush fence. " Mind snakes !" he called out as they joined him. Then they all fell to work. " There," said M'Nair, when the gap was made, " the fire is through the post- and-rail, and we will burn to meet it. Follow me, Miss Jim." He set fire, and boughs in hands they followed, beating out, brushing in sparks, all three working for bare life to meet and stop the foe. How hot it was ; fire before and pitiless sun above them, they streamed at every pore. " You are—our—good angel," jerked out Harrie to Mr. M'Nair between the blows. He laughed aloud. " Rather a rum-looking angel, I fancy, Miss Harrie," he said ; " more like a slave-driver ; I am keeping you so hard at work. Never mind ; the men will be here directly, and, by the bye, where's Smith. " He is not back," said Harrie indignantly. " We have not seen him since last night. Wretch !" she emphasised her denunciation of the absent Smith with a vicious blow at the flames before her ?" For two hours they worked together ; and then help arrived ; Mr. Hamilton, with one or two of his own men and one or two from Vennachar, all hot and dust-begrimed from the tussle they had already had with the fire ; and in the rear, sheepish and shame-faced, the absentee Smith. " Ah, Hamilton," said Mr. M'Nair cheerily, " you are just in time to give the young ladies a rest. They have had all the hard work. Now," he said, turning to the two sisters, " you must go in and rest. We'll take care of you." Harrie limped off, aching and exhausted, but Jim could not leave ; she stood there fas- cinated. Mr. M'Nair, beside her, watched her silently. Suddenly she turned and looked up at her companion, " How good you have been to me, Mr. M'Nair," she said, in a low voice, " I should have been burnt out if it had not been for you. I don't know how to thank you." " Do not try now," he said, smiling down into the serious eyes raised to his. " I will show you how to thank me some of these days." He drew nearer, and slightly pressed the hand that hung motionless at her side. Jim uttered a faint cry of pain. " Have I hurt you ?" he asked in great concern. Colouring slightly, she raised her hand ; the palm was white with blisters ; she turned it over, scarred and scorched, it showed plain marks of the rough work she had been engaged in. Mr. M'Nair took it gently in his. " Poor little hand," he said, holding it very tenderly, " it must be dressed. Come," au- thoritatively, " I am a good doctor, I'll dress it." They went into the house, where, to Harrie's mute astonishment, Jim cheerfully underwent the operation of having her hand dressed by Mr. N'Nair, an operation which he performed with much careful deliberation. " Is it a very serious wound ?" asked Harrie. The tone was innocent ; doctor and patient looked up quickly at her ; her eyes were fall of mischief. Jim, colouring deeply, withdrew her hand, and thanking Mr. M'Nair somewhat stiffly in spite of herself, re- treated altogether, and was shortly afterwards heard setting cups and saucers in the next room. Mr. M'Nair rejoined the workers at the fire, and was seen no more till sundown, when Harrie summoned him and Mr, Hamilton to tea—a summons they promptly obeyed, leaving the men to watch and roll in what logs they could. " This won't do, Miss Jim," said Mr. Hamilton, shaking his jolly grey head at Jim as they sat at tea ; " it won't do at all, you know." " What is it, Mr, Hamilton ?" " Why, here are all we young men running away from our own places and rushing to your assistance, breaking our necks to get here to be the first to help. It will never do ; you must get a husband, and then see if we'll come tearing over to put out your fires." " I am sure," said Jim, laughing, " that you would come if I had three husbands —" " Don't talk to Jim about husbands," said Harrie, interrupting her coolly ; " she looks upon marriage as a sort of murder and suicide." At this astounding announcement Mr. Hamilton fairly gasped, and Mr. M'Nair turned a keen glance upon poor Jim. " Harrie !" said the latter, " I said nothing of the sort." Her voice trembled. She was wildly angry with her sister for what she had said, and afraid of what she might say next. " What did you say ?" asked Mr. Hamilton, curiously. " I said," answered Jim, with burning cheeks, that a loveless marriage is suicide, and so it is ; it is worse." " We were talking," said Harrie explana- torily, determined to have her say, but not daring to look at Jim, " with some girls about employment for women, and that led to the subject of husband-hunting." " Harrie !" said Jim, imploringly, thinking of Georgie. And some of the the girls said every woman ought to marry," continued Harrie, " if it was only for the sake of a home. And Jim said any employment was better than to commit such a sin as that against oneself and the unfortunate man. You know you did, Jim. And she said she would rather chop wood and kill sheep than marry for the sake of a home, didn't you, Jim ? Oh, she's gone !" For Jim, unable to bear any longer this ruthless exposition of her feelings, unable to bear the steady light of Mr. M'Nairs eyes, and fearing that Harrie might carelessly injure Georgie with her idle chatter, had slipped silently out of the room, hoping that the conversation might change in her absence. She could not make up her mind to return to the room when once she had left it. She would make some excuse presently when she went back. Harrie was more than equal to the entertainment of two gentlemen, and she would send in the men to their tea in the kitchen, and then com- pose herself by putting the calves into the pen. She called the men in to their tea, and then went out into the paddock. The calves, not at all subdued by the heat of the day, frisked round the stockyard gate, enjoying themselves mightily, but refused to enter. Jim, heated and over-tired already, found herself obliged to exchange her leisurely walk for a smart run ; she ran and ran again, anathematising the calves as she went. But still they frisked. " You little wretches !" she said, losing patience, and hurling a stick violently at them as they stood to look at her ; " you are like everything else to-day, as provoking as possible." " Let me help you," and, with a laugh in his voice, Mr. M'Nair came once more to the rescue. The calves, taking in the situation, and seeing numbers against them, trotted placidly into their pen, and allowed themselves to be secured for the night. " Two are better than one, you see, Miss Jim," said Mr. M'Nair oracularly as they left the stockyard, only you are so desperately independent that you won't ask any one to help you ; least of all me. I have been in your black books for nearly a year." " I am not desperately independent" said Jim, passing over his last remark, " and as to helping, you have helped me more than anybody ever since I had my selection ; to- day I do not know what we should have done if it had not been for you. We should have been burnt out, I expect." " If you really think so," said Mr. M'Nair, stopping suddenly in front of her, " shake hands with me, and say, ' Thank you, Jack.' " " Indeed I will not," said Jim, indignantly. " I will say thank you, Mr. M'Nair, very heartily, indeed, but not—the other." " Oh, very well," said M'Nair, not moving, but keeping his eyes steadily on her face ; " I did not think you would refuse to shake hands." With quick contrition and ready blush Jim put out her hand. " I thought you were really obliged to me," he continued, taking it and holding it firmly. " I nearly killed my favourite horse racing over here—he is dead by this time, I ex- pect——" " No, he is not," said Jim, " I have just been to see him in the stable." " And now nearly killed myself racing after the calves—— " " You did not run one step, Mr. M'Nair." " And you won't acknowledge my goodness in the most ordinary way in the world when l ask you." " I do acknowledge your goodness," said Jim, laughing in spite of herself. " And indeed, indeed, I am very much obliged ——" " Say ' Thank you, Jack.' " " Thank you—Mr. M'Nair." " Come, M'Nair," shouted Mr. Hamilton from the verandah ; " it's time we were off." " One more chance," said Mr. M'Nair, as they hurried to the garden-gate to join Mr. Hamilton. " You do not know what I shall think if you refuse again. Say ' Thank you, Jack.' " Jim was half frightened by his growing earnestness ; she raised her eyes to his ; his expression confused her, she could not do as he asked her. She made one mighty effort— and failed. " Thank you," she began ; he listened with brightening eyes, " Mr. M'fNair." He dropped her hand, raised his hat cere- moniously, and bidding good-bye to Harrie, mounted his horse and departed without a single backward glance. " There now, I have offended him," thought Jim with a sharp pang of swift remorse. 