THE CONTRIBUTOR. A WEEK ON THE WHEEL. [By S. J. S.] " No tips, no oats.' " Knocking off work to carry bricks" is a significant sea-terin applied to " a holiday of hard labour," and some people so characterize bicycling, for they cannot see the economy of i having a horse whose rider has to perform the part of propulsion himself. But let them ; try a 200-mile trip over the hills and far away with the tireless steel steed, who wants no ! water, is never under any obligation to the ostler for oats, and costs nothing to keep. 1 There are no tips to ostlers, no coins for corn. A steed capable of covering fifty miles a day for weeks at a canter, and coming in as fresh at the finish'as at the start, is one's best com- | panion on a holiday excursion. The advan tage that a bicycle tour has over a walking excursion is that with the one you can com- j bine the two, and comfortably compass more in one day than shank's pony can in two. The spider-wheel furnishes the valuable qualities " swiftness and exercise" for its rider's benefit, and that is the reason thousands of spirited young men of all degrees of caste and cash at home and abroad use the " horse of the future," as the lending English journals call the bicycle. When I started recently upon a week's holiday expedition per cycle my friends re garded me with much the same sentiments of sorrowful admiration as the intrepid balloonist awakens. They predicted perpe tual somersaults over the handles down steep gradients, painful toiling up high hills, soreness at the end of one day's journey, ana stiff joints at the beginning "of the next; in fact, they considered me a " wheely maniac," and were prepared to hind up my bruises and sell the remnants of my machine for umbrella ribs or a cockatoo cage when I returned, probably by easy stages on a mat tress by special coacb. However, I dis appointed them by coming back as brown as a Dustman, as hearty as a hunter, and with never a nut loose in that "horrid bicycle," after a long and exceed ingly enjoyable jonrney, voting cycling as good as canoeing. _ My intended route was from Adelaide to Yanka lilla, thence by way of Encounter Bay, Strathalbyn, Echunga, Hahndorf, Wood side, Mount Pleasant, and Eden Valley to Angaston, Tanunda, and Gawler, to the city again—a regular round—but a friend who was to have accompanied me did not keep his dawn-of-day appointment, so I re duced my luggage by hah, strapped the oil skin parcel on the front of my Matchless," revised my route, and went alone, out for a week. One word to cyclists—Never take a knapsack if you can possibly help it, your bicycle can carry all you want if you make a judiciouB selection of your traps. When taking thine ease at thine inn a trifling pecu niary consideration will secure the washing of a few soiled things ready for next day's start, so that there is no need to bear the burden of bulky baggage. My modest ward robe rolled tight weighed 5 lb., and made a neat roll strapped in front of the brake. 'Leaving Adelaide in the early morning and reaching the bend by Stevenson's Garden, I was, so to speak, jostled out of my saddle by the Devil's Elbow, and could not mount again till above the overway bridge. The magnifi cent view of the Adelaide plains, Hold fast Bay, and the broad flats through which the Port River winds its way, glistening in the strong sun-rays like a streak of silver, amply repaid one for the chaff of irreverent carters who worship not the bicycle, and who believe that all who ride it should recognise Dr. Paterson as their future friend. From the Eagle-on-the-Hill—where a representative eagle-nawk, caged and con templative, sits in solitary dignity, regretting seme far-distant eheepruu where he was wont to swoop upon the shepherd's charge and make his meal on raw lamb chops—the splendid road offered no serious steep grades, and my Matchless carried me flying past the historical Aldgate Pump, and on past miles of afire-scarred forest till I halted at the farm house, where the good lady said the- bicycle was the invention of the Father of Lies, and charged me twopence for a glass of milk. I sought to argue that even Milton never attri buted any mechanical ability to Satan; but my hostess charged me not to be profane, and emphatically reasserted her opinion that the "flossopede was a " devil's device," which alliteration completed my de that feat, so I departed, discovering her horse had been frightened once upon a time. However people may rave at thesamenessof South Australianlandsoapes I maintain that there is much more varietv in them than they get credit for, both in id disposition of foliage. shade, shape, and Grim old gums that have stood the brunt of bushfires perhaps for centuries are there, with their gnarled, scorched trunks, and nighty arms overshadowing the slim and xaceful graceful saplings, brieht with the young growth of grass-green leaves, contrasting so strongly with the dark foliage of the forest sires. One prostrate giant perhaps lies a huge length upon the hill slope, half buried beneath a green growth of fresh shrubbery, which will cover in time his decaying trunk, while another, conquered by some fire of long ago, has fallen fair against the sturdy column of a brother monarch, and may lean there for generations yet till Time, with his working agents, wind and wet, destroys the dead and ages the living tree. These all refute the charge of sameness. There are some beautiful and even romantic bits of scenery in the hills and gullies between Ade laide and Strathalbyn, but beyond that the country takes a deal of imagination to make anything charming out of the mallee scrub and rolling plain to Milang—one might as well work a poem out of a title-deed. I find that a bicycle does not command so much respect in the country as a reaping machine, for " Wapstraw" invariably calls it "that thing," and it is an innocent conviction of his thatj except on a dead level or down hill, the rider has to walk and push. One original-minded man designated it a "dashed knife-grinder." Few travellers pass Macclesfield without visiting its far-famed brewery, and here one finds a clever contrivance for raising water, ingeniously devised by Mr. Conigrave ami his lieutenant. A sparkling spring gashes out of the hillside below the brewery, and has been made a self-lifting power, supplying the water where wanted. From the spring a pipe leads to a sort of double shoot, shaped thus a> suspended at the apex so as to oscillate. The water, runuing to one end of this, depresses that arm which on reaching its fullest extent tightens a chain which, lifting a little trap-door, lets the water out. Meanwhile the other arm has risen, received its supply of water, and descend ing raises the lightened one, which again becomes weighted with water as the other empties, and thus a regular see-saw motion is created, working the piston of a pump and forcing the water up to the brewery. By pulling a cord the water can be shut off from the pipe and the machine stopped in a moment, the spring then having its fair fall to the creek. A draught of the bright clear brew in the cool cellar set me up for the stiff ascent of " Doctor's Hill," and after that the run to Strathalbyn was a rapid one, "legs over the handles" nearly all the way, and on arriving at that prettiest of south-eastern towns I was hospitably entertained. Next morning while scudding over the red flat dreary twelve-mile road to Milang a big black snake shot out from the scrub right in front of the wheel; and from that national vice which always prompts an Englishman to kill something, I gave a sharp swerve and went over his snakc shijp's neck. Instantly the supple tail twined round a spoke and the hissing reptile was whirled up uncomfortably close to the Baddle. I was afraid he would jam in the fork and send me over the handles, but he dropped before he touched and wriggled on into the bushes, more frightened than hurt. At Milang a fine stretching swim out from the jetty into Lake Alexandrina made amends for a hot ride. At Milang the "noble savage" ignores his corroboree chants, and exjttnds his lungs over "Wool Britanyah," "Tchampaan Cbalie," and even " We is golly good pellows." Caring naught for free trade, knowing nothing of I rotection, and remark ably easy as to his moral obligations, he roars " Now let the world jog along as it will" as stoutly as the sailor he learned the ditty from. But even fashion has laid her wasteful hand upon the blackfellow's wurley, for I saw a ladylubra in silk jacket, expan sive skirts, and parasol, doing the block with her piccaninny m a net on her back. So far she conformed to her country's usage; but who shall say that the perambulator will not ere long be introduced into the aboriginal household. Mrs. Booriabungalaba will then want a nursemaid. The children of Milang would be safe in an orchard, for they could never have learnt to climb on the treeless shores of Lake Alexandrina. Leaving Milang at 5 a.m., when the magpies melodiously refuted the slander that Austra lian birds are songless, I passed Strathalbyn at 6 a-m., Macclesfield at 7.30.a.m., where a-U the ripe fruit I could get was a green apricot,: and, dining at Echunga, took the cross-road for Hahndorf. The scorching hot wind blow ing that awful Saturday made me yearn for fruit, but of that there was none, so 1 got a drink of milk and a relish of local scandal from a fair lady hard by the road who "knew her neighbours." This road, right through scrub, is red and rusty, devious and dusty, as full of ups and downs as an old colonist's career, and as uncertain in its direction as a law case. Moreover, when I traversed it there was a bush fire blazing for two miles on each side of it, and the heat was almost intolerable, especially as the day was the hottest we nave had this season. A German said it " vas so hot ash der Teufel's gitchen at gooking dimes," and I said " Yah, I dink zo ueider. Hahndorf was a deserted village when I reached it, as all the able bodied men, and many of the women, were away fighting the fire. Hot and dusty after my 37-mile ride, I was glad of the cool shelter afforded by that ancient vine- trellised hostlery which travellers know so welL I got a deliciously refreshing drink from a clean tidy little German girl, who in her picturesque national dress would have made a winning subject for a Christmas card sketch, she was so bright and clean and fresh. Where are you going to, my pretty maid ? I shoofit vas a milking, Derr, she said. Will you give me a draught of it, my pretty maid 1 Of you likes you can trink mit it, Herr, she said. What shall I pay for it, my pretty maid ? Nein nopody asket you, Berr, she said. And so it was all the way, Australian hospi tality full and free. From Hahndorf to Mount Pleasant the traveller passes through scenery which is so charming that even hot-handed summer cannot scorch the beauty from its natural features. One of the most pleasing sights on the road to Woodside is that noble line of lofty poplars, planted by a far-seeing old colonist. Would there were more like him to preserve the trees. At Mount Torrens I enioyed the hospitality of a friend, and thereby did the local landlord out of his just dues. Hext morning, with a warm wind and hot sun, which made me envy the natives in their national costume of a paper collar and a postage stamp, I struck for Angaaton through Blumberg, Mount Pleasant, Spring ton, and Eden valley. At one place en route I heard such marvellous yarns about the feats of certain cyclists that I credited the country folk 'with a credulity equal to that of the boy who went to buy striped paint for a barber's pole, and I firmly de clined to exhibit a sample of " fancy riding." 1 heard dismal stories about the horrors of the Eden Valley-road, and half expected to meet movipg mountains of sand, d la Sahara, suffer unheard-of privations, and perhaps leave the bones of self and cycle buried beneath the desert mounds. I felt like an Arab on his tireless steed, only I couldn't come across a caravan or I'd have got a lift. Sooth to say it did turn out a trial. The recipe for making an Eden Valley-road is as follows:—Take one part road metal and limestone in chunks, three parts sand and fine dirt, add scraggy trees, ho landscape, and serve up with stunted bushes. Should be taken with bad language and "familiar quotations." Up to Mount Pleasant the roads had been splendid, but here Job himself might have said "Dash it." To come iiying down a hard decline plump into a stretch of sand, and then tramp a mile with variations on a hot day may be good for the liver; hut when I got on to the "marble roads" of Angaston, near Collingrove, I revelled in the racing speed my "Matchless made,andshootingdown thelong quiet street of the garden village I pulled up at Host Klotz's excellent hotel, and sent my cycle to the stable. Through the kindness of friends I was enabled to see for myself how extensively the Angastonians have gone in for fruit-tree planting and how readily they recognise the advantages the Fruit-preserving Factory offers for the profitable utilization of garden produce. Acres upon acres of laud, long regarded as comparatively unprofitable, are now laid out in plantations and rndi ciously stocked. Young fruit-trees di all kiDds are now to be seen studding tbe hill slopes aud stretching across the gullies, all of them looking remarkably healthy. Old gardens heretofore neglected are now bringing in money to their owners, and fruit trees that once furnished food for the pigs for wantof amarketnowhave a value by no means fictitious. I am glad to find that Mr. Forbes has bis Fruit-preserving Factory in full swing, and his operations are only limited by the fruit supply. The Angastonians know they have got a good thing in their midst, aud by the extent of the planting operations i should judge that in three or four years the factory will be doing an immense business, that is if the fruitgrowers will not, as they seem inclined to do. raise the prices of their produce too high. It would be better all round if growers would charge but a fair remunerative rate, as then the factory could turn out its manufactures at a reduced rate, and commanding even a better sale than they do now extend its connections. If the factory enterprise fell through, in consequence of the greediness of fruitgrowers carried away by the excitement of finding a source of income in their once-despised gardens, then good-by to the hopes of the planters. However, in tbe hands of such a keen businesslike manager as Mr. Forbes there is little fear for the factory, it is vigorous and healthy enough. It would not be a bad idea to combine poultry - breeding with the business, as the waste from the fruit would go a long way to fatten fowls. Last year 178,000 two-pound tins of preserved fruit were turned out from the factory; the first year70,000 was the number. This season's operations cannot be estimated, as the fruit Bupply is not yet over. The fruit season so for has not been a good one; apricots espe cially have turned out badly, and as only the very best samples are used in the factory there is sometimes a little trouble in getting suitable stuff. Wherever I have been I find winemakers rejoicing over the prospects of the grape harvest, the fruit being so pro mising. Additions have been made to the factory, and a four-horsepower engine bos been ordered, besides other appliances for facilitating business. When I visited the factory I found all hands busy; buxom German lasses hard at work preparing fruit, filling tins, and at other congenial employ ment ; men making tins and boxes, and alto gether plenty of signs of activity The bulk of the fruit comes from the neighbourhood of Gawler and North Rhine, Angaston itself being as yet unequal to the demand. Such is the interest taken in fruit-growing that land about Angaston a few years ago worth only £2 or £3 per acre is now selling at £23 per acre aud upwards. I paid a hurried visit to Mr. Smith's well known Yalumba vineyard and winecellars, where they make such excelleutshiriz, sherry, frontignac, and other wines almost as well known. The cellars are admirably situated and very extensive, and the vineyard sur rounding looke most promising. The expected " Drew" of wine this year is 270,000 gallons. Caterpillars have been busy anioa^st some ot' the vines, hut have not done much mischief" aB yet; locusts had not appeared, happily. Seventeen acres have been planted with fruit trees by Mr. Smith. Two galvanized-iron and brick vats holding 3,400 gallons each have been built as an experiment, and two tanks of brick holding 4,000 gallons each, all for wine, have been added to the already large storage. The cellars hold 100,000 gallons of wine. A flying visit to Seripeltsfield, where Mr. Seppelt has a wine and spirit manufactory that has no equal in the colonies for solidity of structure, completeness, and general ex tent. Mr. Seppelt keeps pace with the times, and, indeed, goes a little ahead of them. Therefore he is always adding to his buildings and making improvements. The latest adai tion is an extremely well- built vinegar fac tory, 92 feet long, and containing a spacious - cellar. This is Btored with immense vats for vinegar-making. The tanks have a capacity for 3,000 gallons; 30,000 gallons a year is about the average, but 60,000 could bo manu factured with the present appliances. The manufactory makes an important addition to the already very extensive pile of buildings which make Seppeltsfield conspicuous for many miles. Mr. Seppelt haB thirty hands employed, and has all his vats and casks made on the premises. The coopers were engaged upon an immense wine vat while I was there. These vats axe admirably made and of enormous size. The enterprising owner of this large establishment being an inventive genius, applies his talent to the improvement of almost everything that comes under his hand, so that a visitor might spend a whole day there without seeing the whole of the clever contrivances. A new cellar, 180 feet long, for wine is being con structed, and there are wine vats, hermeti cally sealed, extending for that distance. Sixteen tanks contain 25,000 gallons each. Mr. Seppelt is experimenting with some phylloxera-proof vines, obtained through Dr. Schomburgk from California, and the young shoots look very healthy. The wine storage capacity of Mr. Seppelt's place is | equal to over 300,000 gallons. There was not ' time to visit the distillery and other branches of this large establishment. The vineyards around Seppeltsfield are perfect pictures. Leaving Seppeltsfield, 1 had a run to Gawler - Park—a large plantation, the natural beauty of which is Buch that it is one of the sights of Angaston. There are fruit-trees there over ■ thirty yearsold, and anoble old willow which stands in the centre covers Buch an extra ordinary large area with its shade that I would not like to say how many scores of people can picnic beneath its shadow together. It has a rival in a grand mulberry tree. From the old cottage with its porch and windows picturesquely framed with ivy and banksia rose, and to the magnificentrowof' tall and stately poplars running down to the creek overshadowed by splendid fruit-trees, shrubs, and grasses, tne whole property is laid out in a way to gladden the eye and. bring cash to the coffer, for the produce is proportionate to the beauty. Mr. Sage who owns, and his son who occupies it, can rejoice in its bounty. I was gratified by a sight of Mr. Angas's magnificent herd of Herefords before I left. A rattling run of ten miles took me in an hour to the clean and thoroughly German town of Tanunda, and beyond it I came to - Moorooroo Vineyard, where I was hospitably entertained by Mr. W. Jacobs, a fine specimen of the sturdy spirited pioneer. Being the son, grandson, and nephew of prominent pioneers, I found myself doubly welcome, and was treated to a perusal of Colonel Light's own diary and many inte lesting reminiscences of colonial events that occurred years before I was born. Moorooroo • Vineyard looks, most promising, and from what I could see is one of the most systemati cally laid out plantations in the country. The road through Lyndoeh is dusty but kindly, and the iutervening miles to Gawler - —twenty-five from Angaston — soon slid under my "Matchless" wheel. From Gawler to Adelaide the road is fairer than the view, which is as dismal as a dictionary and monotonous as a column of the Govern ment Gazette. After my two-hundred mile ride I cannot speak in too high terms of the pleasure derived from the invigorating - exercise of "cycling the country," and as. a roadster the " Matchless" merits its name. 