PROVINCIAL TELEGRAMS. CRYSTAL BROOK, March 11. An inquest was held at the Crystal Brook Hotel, occupied by Mr. Jolley, on Saturday, the 10th, relative to the fire which occurred 011 the premises. Mr. C. T. Mole was Coro ner and Mr. Claridge foreman of the Jury. Mi. Alien, Postmaster, said about half-past 2 on Thursday he was working at the old Post- Office, when he heard an explosion. Several other witnesses gave evidence. The premises were insured. The damage done is estimated at from £20 to £30. The Jury found that the fire originated from the copper in the laundry igniting the box far washing on. and that thence it extended to the Jamproom. They suggested that the District Council secure a water supply, so that 'provision might be made in case of fire. PORT AUGUSTA, March 10. During the recent winds sand lias blown away from near the Catholic Church, and human bones have become uncovered. PORT WAKEFIELD, March 10. A fire which occurred at Clinton is said to have destroyed property to the value of several hundred pounds. An inquest will be held on Monday. S'fRATHALBYN, March 12. A few nights since some person set fire to the premises of Mr. John Kennedy, of Long Valley. A 14-ton haystack was consumed, together with a stable from which a horse bad been loosed, and a pigstve from which the pigs had been removed. There was also another outbuilding and its contents con sumed. The hay was insured in the City Mutual. An inquest is to be held. TELOWIE, March 12. About a quarter of an inch of rain fell on Saturday and yesterday morning. The weather is now cool. After a long holiday the school wis opened to-day by Mr. John Ferry. CLARE, March 12, William English, who met with an acci dent on Thursday last while cutting branches off a tree on the Racecourse, died this morn ing. An inquest was held, and a verdict of accidental death returned. On Saturday, whilst returning from Clare Course, the rider of Leo was thrown and had his arm broken. GLADSTONE. March 12. The swearing-in of Councillors for the Town of Gladstone took place this morning before Messrs. Ingram and Hughes, J.P.'s. Mr. Homer, the Mayor, is in Adelaide, and immediately on his return will be sworn, Mr. Gardener has been elected Town Clerk for a term. Mr. Ingram complimented those present on the ]iositions they held, and said he trusted that all [they did would be for the benefit of the town. Three cheers for the Queen terminated the proceedings. CRYSTAL BROOK, March 12. The largest sale that has occurred for a considerable time as regards the attendance took place to-day in the insolvent estate of Thomas Really, all the" surrounding town ships beiDg represented. The Executive Committee rc water supply held a meeting this evening, when it was resolved that the committee wait upon the District Council on_ Saturday next for the purpose of ascertaining their'views, and, if necessary, to take further action in the matter. QUORN, March 13. The Chief Justice and party at present attend)"!* the S'ttinjfs at Port Augusta paid a flying i isit to Quorn by train, arriving at 5 last night, and returning to the port by the train leaving at 8 to-night. There was a ciush of passengers to the port by the same train, many being witnesses, and a number interested in the sitting of the licensing Bench to- day. ARDROSSAN, March 13. A man named Thomas C. Pierce, in the employ of Mr. William Earle. of Mundootho, was found dead in his bed this morning. A trooper and a doctor were telegraphed for, and an inquest will probably be bel WILMINGTON, March 13. A farewell demonstration to Mr. J. Ormis ton. J.P., was held at Harvey's Beautiful V alley Hotel last night. About forty gentle men attended, and Mr. J. Brett was Chair man. There was an excellent spread of light refreshments. Mr. J. Bowden, J.P., on be half of the residents of the district, presented a handsome silver tea and coffee service, bear ing the following inscription:—"Presented to Mr. and Mrs. John .Oruiiston, by their. friends at Beautiful Valley, as a token of feav esteem and respect on their leaving the dis trict. March, 1883." Mr. C. S. Holthouse • proposed the health of Mr. Ormiston, and with several others present testified to the integrity and usefulness of the guest. Mr. Ormiston, who was received with great acclamation, suitably and feelingly responded. Mr. W. W. Finch proposed the health of Mrs. OrmiBton, ana Mr. McColl briefly responded. Mr. Ormiston proposed "Town ana Trade of Wilmington," to which Mr. Wr. H. Taylor responded. Several songs and recitations were rendered at interval, and the occasion was one of the most interesting yet held in the neighbourhood. MOUNT GAMBIER, March 13. The annua) meeting of the Licensing Bench was held to-day. An application made by Mr. Jens, under clause 3d of the Licensed Victuallers Act, for decision, that when he built his proposed new hotel in Commercial street it would be licensed, was granted. Nine mouth's time was granted for the com pletion of the houee. Patrick Herbert was refused a licence for a proposed hotel at Penola North. PORT AUGUSTA, March 13, The annual meeting of the Northern Dis trict Licensing Bench was held in the Insti tute Hall to-ilay. There was a full Bench, and. Mr. George Donaldson, S.M., was re elected Chairman. A large number of appli cants appeared personally, and together with the witnesses at the Circuit Court tended to give the town an extra busy appearance. One new house was granted for Quorn, and one licensed for Port Augusta West. Fifty-six re newals, ten new applicants for publicans' licences, about fifty storekeepers' renewals, and several new ones were dealt with. GLADSTONE, March 13. The new Assembly Hall was opened here this afternoon by a bazaar in aid of St. Peter's Church, Gladstone, and St. Mary's School and Convent, Laura. The opening ceremoiy was performed by Mr. T. W. Ingram, in presence of a large nu nber of people. The hall is a neat, jilain, and substantial struc ture. The bazaar will be continued for three days, and is likely to be very successful. Mr. Ingram, at the close of the opening ceremony, was the recipient of a gift from one of the ladies. PORT .WAKEFIELD, March 13. The Mayor of Port Wakefield held an inquest yesterday at Clinton to ascertain the cause of'the recent fire. A Jury of thirteen, with Mr. Williams as foreman, were empa nelled, and returned a verdict that there was not sufficient evidence to prove its origin. The Jury belie* e it originated from the lire kindled by Messrs Holland & Francis on Saturday fast. The police will probably take action in the matter under the Bushfires Act. MOUNT BARKER, March 13. Four young men, named Alexander McFar lane, Charles Jacobs, William Halliday, and Rces Jones, were brought up at the Mount Barker Court to-day by the police charged with riotous conduct at Stirling West, and were each fined 5s. and 15s. costs. The recent case of Kain against Phillips has evidently sharpened the watchfulness of the police. The booths and gates at the Onkaparinga Race Meeting atOakbank weresold at Wooa side last night, and realized in all £292 10s. The principal items were—Gates, Monks, £202; Mo. 3 Booth, £23.| MAlTLAND, March 14, A meeting of the Maitland Agricultural Society was held this afternoon; Sir. Kelly, the President, in the chair. The resignation of the Secretary, Mr. Symons, was accepted and the appointment conferred on Mr. M. Tiddv. A presentation of a very handsome marble clock, engraved with an appropriate inscrip tion, was made to Mr. Hussey. In present ing it Mr. Lamshed spoke of the recipient in the most flattering terms. GLADSTONE, March 14. At the Insolvency Court to-day six fiual hearings were settled. Twining's case occu pied the greater part of the day. Mr. Moore said he had come from Adelaide in conse quence of a telegram appearing in the daily papers to the effect that Ferry, Moore, and Wilkinson had charged £75 for interest on £300 lent Twining. He explained minutely the details of the account upon which Twi ning's evidence was taken. After a lengthy examination the case was adjourned. GUM FLAT, March 14. A well-attended meeting was held at the Win la ton Motel to-night to consider the in crease of capital of the Coast Steamship Company by the issue of 7,000 new shares of £1 each. Mr. Fenny (Chairman of Directors), Mr. C. J. Speed (Secretary), and Captain Germein attended and explained the course proposed to be adopted, and 805 shares were taken up in the room. It was felt that the steamer Cenes was insufficient for the growing requirements of the Peninsula trade, and that a larger and l>ctter steamer should be procured The new steamer, it was stated, would be built at Port Adelaide. KAPUNDA, March 14. A young married man named William Parker was thrown from his horse this morn ing at Hawker's Creek, a short distance from Kapunda, and killed instantaneously. Mr. - James Elliott, J.P., held an inquest at the Clare CaBtle Hotel, and a verdict of.acci dental death was returned. A large number of Kapunda people went out to Hamilton to-day to a race meeting held there. The attendance was large, and the meeting quite a success. Serious Accident.—On Thursday after noon week an elderly man named William English, a resident of Luton, near Clare, was employed catting some limbs of a gnmtree that was growing in the racecourse paddock, as it was thought they might be in the way during the races. On Friday morning, as there were no tidings of English, Mr. Lee, who works at the brewery, went to the paddock in search of him, and he found the poor fellow lying near the foot of the tree —where there were several branches lying cut —unconscious, and apparently very seriously injured. Help was procured, and Dr. Smith was soon in attendance. He regained cod sciousness, and was conveyed to his home at T.uton, where he now lies in a precarioui state. His spine is badly injured, autt there is but little hopes of Iris recovery. 