WARDEN'S COUB.T, Thursday, Feb. 8. (Before Mr. Warden Baker.) SUSPENSION OF T.ABOUR. The following applications were granted : — P. Bagley and party on No. 3 W, Amelia, three months ; Craig and party, Bell's reef, three months ; Lucas and party, ou Ko. 1 and 2 W. Amelia oh the condition that thc labour required to be employed thereon ? should be employed in Ko. 1 S. B Amelia. W. SttSON AKD PARTY V. 11. D. Q0IK.V. To show why defendant's application for chares in No, 1 S. Evening Star should not Ire refused. Mr. Kearney for plaintiffs. R. Ootton, miner, registered agent- for complainant James Carr, deposed : An application bearing defendant's name dated 25th alt wa6 posted on No. 1 S. Evening Star for a fourth interest as held by me ; subsequently another application was posted on the 27th for half a share held by J. Gut ; in consequence of the second application these proceedings were instituted ; on the 24th three men were on tbe claim employed on tlie claim on tlie claim in getting logs ; . on the day preceding there was a meeting of shareholders ; ou the 23rd we were getting tools for the claim ; on the 25th I was on the ground myself ; on the 20th there was a holiday, and on the 37th this application was made ; I was James Carr's representa tive, and had received no notice that his interest was liable to forfeiture ; I complied with the regulations in every respect. To the Warden : The application was. for the shares held by J. Carr, A, L. Oeutscher and W. Nixon ; I represented these share holders. Cross-examined : I was not an original shareholder in the claim when it was first conditionally registered ; mine is a created share; tbe original application sas for 8 men's gronnd, but there is only a little over C men's ground in the claim ; there is not 7 men's ground. To the Warden ; This ground was under application for lease; as soon as the refusal was notified we went to work, Ee^tamineil ; A. L. Deotscher holds one eighth, W, Nixon one- siicteenth *nd 3. Oarr one-sixteenth of the claim ; I represented , their interest*, sntl received wage* for it. A. L. Deutscher and W, Nixon, two of the shareholders whose interest the previous witness was engaged to represent, d^poeed that they paid -wages to him, and l;ai received no notification that the claim was abandoned. For the defence : „ F. Wilson, miner, stated that Cotton did not work pn the claim ou the 25th ; and that he never worked three consecutive days before the 27th. Ch; Rarvev, miner, gave corroborative evidence, anil stated that he had spoken to Mr. A. h. Deutscher on the 23rd that his share was not represented, and thnt Mr. Deutscher then expressed his intention to abandon his interest ; told him that, if his share was not represented in three days, he would jump it. Cross-examined :. There had been an application for a lease ; saw the notification of refusal in tbe Star newspaper, and tha meeting of shareholders was the* called a which it was decided to go to work. W. Love, Mining Registrar, gave corobora tive evidence of the claim, No. 1 S. Evening Star being conditionally registered in certain names to the extent of 400 by 480 feet. Hy. Boxhall, innkeeper, deposed : I applied for the ground in question in Octo ber last. The Warden for about the twentieth time pointed out that this kind of evidence was irrelevant, but the defendant seemed to be utterly oblivious that any respect should be paid to these remonstrances, and con tinued for some time further to dribb'e away valuable time. Verdict for plaintiff on tlie ground that no notice had been given iu writing to the share holders of their paid wagesman having absented himself or neglected to represent the claim in accordance with the regulat ions. Costs allowed : professional £2 2s. COSNULI.Y V. BAULK. Application for a dam by defendant. Mr. \V. P. DeBoos for dcfendnit. J. \V. A. H. Porter, as registered agent of plaintiff grvc evidence that tho dam had never been abandoned. Cross-examined : kept possession of tho dam himself. Verdict for plaintiff ; costs allowed £3 3s. K. KEWSUX V. \V. BlIUNS. To show cause why defendant's applica tion for allotment 10 section 7 should not be set aside. Case witli drawn. I). HOWES V. PEOTSCHEll ASD OTIIE11S. Application for costs in a case heard in tlie Warden's Court in the preceding year. Mr. Kearney for plaintiff, Mr. W. P. DeBoss for defendants. Iu this case a special case had been re ferred by the Warden to the Supreme Court, and costs in the cause reserved until after the final hearing. Plaintiff now chimed the costs in tlie cause, £1S 9s. 6(1. After prolonged argument to settle issues, the plaintiff Bowes was called into tlie wit ness box, and another hitch arose as he had not his miner's right with him. After further argument the possession of ambler's right by Bowes was admitted, subject to the admission on the other side that the miner's right was dated the J5th January, and Evans' name was struck out from the numlier of plaintiffs. Plaintiff then stated that on a certain day a Warden s Uourt case was beard tn i emora, in which he and another were plaintiffs, and the present defendants vith others were defendauta, when the special case was re ferred to the Supreme Court at the request of defendants' attorney. Objection raised to a question put as to the issue placed before the Supreme Court, and several other questions to ascertain the result of the case objected to. Witness : Mr, W. P. DeBoos, defendants1 attorney, told me that defendants had 'paid the Supreme Court costs ; never demanded the costs now sued for from Mr. W. P. Dc Boos ; Mr. Deutscher told liia'Mr. W, J. Fergusson stuck to all the money, and X told him that.othur costs had yet to he paid; he said : 'I suppose Til have to pay when the bill comes Mr. W, P. De Boos specially asked not to make an order for costs when he stated the case for the Supreme Court ; but afterwards Mr. Evans and I came before the Warden, and he made a special order for £9 for Evans' costs. Objections raised that tlie Warden could not make an order in the absence of the other side. Witness : The Warden made an order for £1S 9s. 6d. in all ; this amount has never l-een paid me. Cross-examined : Defendants ore not in rleuted to mc solely in the sum of £ISfls. --d.; I can draw a division as to what is due to me and Mr. Evans; tlie application for cost* was made by Erans after the case had been ~ heard : we had two attorneys pleading for us, but Evans applied for the costs himself; the money was ordered to lie paid by the Warden after the Court was over. After some argument, Witness corrected himself that only the £9 for Evans1 expenses had bceu oulered after the Court was over; there were wit nesses called for the defence in the Warden's Court ; the Warden decided that tlie costs of both sides should be taken, and whoever won the case pay the costs ; the case never came on agaiii in the WardenSs Court ; tho Warden allowed nine witnesses a day and s half each, and lawyer's costs, in presence at Mr. W. P. De Boos, defendautV attorney. ., To tlie Warden : All the amount except the £9 awarded to Evans belongs to me. Mr. DeBoos argued that it being a joint debt, tlie present plaintiff, Denis Bowes, could not sue by hiiiiBelf. : „ For tbe defense — A. J. S. Wehr, journalist, deposed that lie was present daring the hearing of the cose Bowes and Evans v. Cotton and party in the Warden's Court in Jane last ; -the Warden stated a special case for tho Supreme Court, - and assesed the costs at £6 6s. ; . ? Crass-examined : I feel no more interest in this case than in any other case ; I did not tell yon (Mr. Kearney) yesterday that Mr. Bowes was wrong in stating that no witness was examined in the case for the defendant ; what I did say was tliat Mr. Bowes was wrong in saying that tbe Warden was against stating a special case for the Supreme Court. S R. Cotton, one of tlie defendants, stated t)iat a special case was stated by the Warden * ana costs settled at £fi fe. Cross-examined : Heard the Warden say - that the case would have to oome back to ^ this Court ; the Warden distinctly mentioned that he made tio order. R. Zoucli, Warden's Clerk, was present at the initial hearing of the case ; a special case was stated by the Warden ; the case was not completed bat was held over pending the decision of the special case ; there has been no farther hearing; I cannot soy that I remember anything about the costvexcept something about £9 for Evans ; the Warden ~ said tli at will be taken Into consideration when this case is decided in the Warden's Court; I do not know -whether the Coart was sitting at the time, or whether tlie Court was then adjourned. Cross-examined ; I submitted a memo, on the subject to Warden De Bow, and received a reply to it. (MemoV jigned C. De B., to tb* attest that Mr. K»arneyi calculation of £18 9s. 6d. isessentjally jaarecfe aiid that, iifi had nude an brd^ibaCihe costashoold \- beeosts w. Hip ciu&^idste S» assessed issr^s^sss^b^is^ not claim costs until tbe original summons? Ko. 187 had been decided, and that from Warden Do Boos* memo, the costs refertefl to mc to tie costs in the cause, install of taking Hie present proceedings, plaintiff should have- gone on with the original .cause, and after tbe, Warden's decision was given in that the question ?of coats could then be settled. Mr. Kearney maintained plaintiff had a right to claim esafce now. - - , , Tlie Warden reserved his decision. Me. Jair.cs Baker has been formally ap pointed a Warden of the Lachlau Mining District.: .. , ; - The application \iuiler the 58Lli section the Mining Act, made by Mr. Bemud Cor. it nay to mine under allotment i section 8, has been refused. Mewes. Edward Parker, James Laucblan, Edwin Gardner, Richard Mcfntyre and ?William Seymour have been duly gazetted a* Trustees of the Temora Town Common. The business at the Police Court during the past week consisted of the granting of an auctioneer's license to Mr. Cornelius L. Bourke by .Messrs, Jaines Biker, l'.M., and P. iielferuan, J.!1. PbomoTEbs' Temora shares iSottth Austra lian Quartz and Alluvial), i'l paid, are quoted on the Mining Exchange, Adelaide, iit 7s. 4d. ; Barmndmau 0. G. Co. shares (Sydney) at buyers lis. (id., sellers 15s, We learn from Mr. \V. C. Turland who has recently retained from Young, that Mr. W. J. Watson may shortly lie expected to pay Temora a visit to thank those who had exerted themselves in liis favour during the recent electioneering struggle. A EPiBiTEn auvernseineni appears in uus issne from Mr. D. Wright offering a reward of £'25 for the discovery of a payable goltl lield within three miles of Barmedman. Could tbe residents of Temora not muster soine inducement to miners to prospect the neighbourhood ? Toe usual notification appears in the Government Gazette that James Baker, Esq., Police Magistrate at Temora, is empowered to exercisc the special powers authorized to be given to police magistrates by the 2nd clause of 'the Clerk of Petty Sessions Act of 1S57, for a period oi two years from the 1st January last. As will be seen from a notification appear ing in this issue, a meeting of the Trustees of the Town Common will be held next Tuesday evening at Mr. Boxhall's Hotel. Let us devoutly hope that some amendment of tlie rates charged per head per week will be arrived at before the last carter, like Macaulay.'s New Zealaodcr, is left to rumi nate over the past grandeur of Temora. The induction of the Rev. A. Riddel! as the new Minister of the joint congregation of Temora, Barmedman,! and Morangorell will lake.plaee about the 27th instant ; and, in order to celebrate the occasion in a time honored manner, preparations are now in course of progress amongst the ladies of the congregation for a tea-meeting to be held on the evening of the day set aside for the ceremony. AFTER a season of very fair promise, the weather for tho past month has boine every characteristic of an Australian drought. Time after time heavy accumulations of douds-seenicd to indicate an early rainfall as almost a foi-egone conclusion ; and time after time the clouds dispersed without shedding their moisture. A slight break in the weather occurred on Thursday last, when a thunderstorm passed over the town giving every . sign that a strong atmospheric disturbance was raging over a wide circle ^ lir.t the accompanying rainfall was insignifi cant, and oulyamouuted to 13 points. Captain Matthews, tbe energetic pro moter of the Ada G. M. Co., ut Barmedman, arrived in town on his way to Melbourne on Monday last, aijd left the following day by Cobb and jCo's, coach. 'We learn that Mr. l'hos. Eyre will hcnccforth manage the business .of . this company, and that Mr. Jas. Curnow lias been appointed underground manager. With , reference to Captain Matthews* movements we learn that be is at present intent to visit Tasmania, where he an conjunction with the gentleman acting with linn aic holding large interests iu the tin mining districts, and that his return to Barmedman may lie looked forward to iu a month or so. 1'EES.strfiR on our space again compels ns to epitomise our mining news as follows: — 50 oz. nugget found in tho LX.L. ; reel struck, supposed to be that crossing Bourke and party's alluvial claim, in late Sydney Mail lease iu Mr. Den tocher's ground; 14 tons of stone from the Federation Co., gave 11 ozs. S dwts.; 20 tons, Hidden Star, 22 oca 5 dwta. ; 20 tons, Shamrock and Eureka Tribute G.M. Co., 5 ois, 7 dwte.; S3 tons, Lucas «nd party, 128 ote. 5 dwta. ; No. 1 8. Homeward Sound, Sebastopol, now crush ing. . At Barmedman ? the pulveriser lias again been set to work after some alterations had, been completed, ajid the Barmedman United Co's. crushing plant will be set going on Monday ne*t. r . ? Somb time since we drew attention to the imminent danger of bushfires . which the abundance of : grass 'in the present season carried with it; but while fully prepared to hear.-at some-period of the past month of the usual deatroctipn of fenccs and pastur age whichaccompinythisclasB of Jjonflagra tion. we hardly expected that the firat in stance onrecordof aserions lire this season would come from ithe harvest field. From the aoconuts'tobaud.it appears that while . hsrreiWr^ oppratioiis werc going on at Mr. Cowafl's ftrra/lutlf-way to Cobtainunilra, a l^ge fl'^n^ty df wh^it had -teen , left ctackW in bap in' the field to ocouoniise timc, which in the present dry state of the : . atinos^eiia isfthifce Yaluablein harvest ' . timet fj&Hii; some, unknown ^Usethe stabM^Wiiich ^iad undraigbne ifee process bf ; '!^^ppipg,r ^d therefore oOei^ food in abnhdlifice to WifcfltttnM, caught fire jast to «*v?*tte'^^t,1^ wlm^of tt liis ibm pletely d^iToyed.- Itbe loss is very scriouE, and -amnol*b8 fiitimated at less than £60 or \- £70.: ; ^ - Owtso bo the absence from town of some, and the- Indisposition of other members of ] thc .PrQgress Committee, there was no flrtornm on last Wednesday evening, as only Messrs. Dcitz, : Dillon, Byrom and If ickey pot;. in thcir ^pjnearance. Hie latter as Secretary to the Committee acquainted the had1 received a j rcplyfrom . Mr. James Baker, P. M. , re . the l.reciwiiig Court,'*1 which the Police Magis trate informed the Committee that he had forwaidedtbeletterfrom theCoraraittecon the subject with a recommendation from himselftothe Ron. the Minister for Justice, whose formal reply was enclosed with Mr. Bakers note. A letter had also been received from Mr. Samuel Purchase, of Parramatta, a brother or Mr. E. Purchase of this town, whpatilie_instanceof the latter had been invited to lend his assist ance, expressing his consent to give his services whenryer tiie deputation to be arranged by the members for the district may becalled npbn to wait on tbe'Hon, the Minister for Lands with reference to &s; apprasemeut of the town lots. A' LETTER . from 'Mr. Gerald Spring, M.I-A.. written to a gentleman in town who 1iad advised him that no end of uneasi - ness was felt by hie consitnents in this part of the electorate on Mr. ^Spring's «aut of octioo in the qucstion of appraisement of to an lota. M. Spring indignantly repels the charge of inaction ; and says tiiat both Mr. Mackjnnon and himself are woritine ss hard as men cab work In the different offices in regard to matters affecting Temora. nod tint th« strongest possuble representations have been made in support of tlie memorial ' forwarded down ahoot tic Appraisement. M r. Spring further states that hc luu jutin ated to the authodties tk«t, imlm' the j QuestionJis ^Aroiitrht to a Eatisfactor^' conclu sion, ho wouitl hring it under the nodes or the Hfpuse. 'The letter al30 contains the -requirements, Buch as the throwing open of the land, etc.i receive due attention, and that the same evening tlie wnt«r would give notice in his place in tha House of questions ns to when tho large reservoir wonld be thrown open to tiie use of the people, and aa to whether Government proposed to conduct the water into town, etc. , Tbe annual meeting of the members of tbe Fire Brigade for the election ot officers took placc on Tuesday evening last at the Brigade Room in Mr. Seitz's Kxohange Hotel. The Secretary having placed the books of tbe Brigade before the meeting, it was shown that a sum of about £12 stood to their credit in the Bank, .independent of a small balance likely- to be derived from the PriieDiatribn tion Fond. The diBcnsaion then turned apon the election --f officers, but some diffi culty was experienced in securing the con sent of Messrs. M 'In tyre and Deitz to accept re-election to their old posts, these gentle men assigning the indifference displayed by the general public, towards the Brigade, and the want of support extended to it. as Uie reasons for their disinclination to con tinue their services. Having been ultimately persuaded to again accept the positions of Captain and First- Lieutenant respectively, Mr. Higg announced that owing to hb pros pective departure from Temora he would have to resign his conncction with the Bri gaile, and Mr. T. Griffiiths was then elected to the post of Second- Lieutenant. Mr. R. White was elected caretaker, and Mr. R. Appleford was unanimously re-elected Secre tety. Finally Messrs. T. Griffiths and J. Meehan were appointed auditors, and the meeting closed. The presentation of the testimonial to the Rev. M. Slattery prior to his departure from Australia took place on Saturday at the fi. C. Denominational Schoolroom, in the form of a purse of 175 sovereigns and au address signed by the Chairman of the meeting and by the members of the Church Committee. Hie purse enclosing the present — a grand specimen of artistic em broidery — was the handiwork of Mrs. Kearney, and will form a pleasing remini scence in the rev. gentleman's after life of liis stay in Temora. The address, we are given to understand, was very neatly engrossed by Mr. H. Chandler, and it is proposed to reproduce it in a still more elaborate style before the rev. gentleman embarks for the voyage on the 22nd inst. Father Slattery left on Monday afternoon with Mr. Heffernan for Clear Hills en route to Hay, where he proposes to stay uutil to morrow, returning to Cootamundra on Mon day next, whence lie proposes to go to Goulburn by way of Murramtrarrah and Boorowa. At Goulbnrn he will be joined by the Rev. M, Gallagher, Principal of St. Patrick^ College, who will be hiB travelling companion, and both then will embark, on the day already mentioned, on boavd the R.M.S.S. City of Sydney, bound for San Francisco. From time to time our readers may. have noticed in these columns allusions to the ostrich farm formed by Mr, J, W. James, C.E., at Kimberly Park near Sydney — a pursuit which, in onr opinion, will in the fntnre play no mean part in the material advancement of Australia, and to which wc, for that reason, would direct Uie special attention of small capitalists and land holders generally. The climate of New South Wales, especially the lutcrior, is eminently favourable to the new industry, and the prices of young stock, which range from £26 to £30 a couple, in themselves would make ostrich farming profitable, in dependent of the annual crop of feathers, which as the age of the birds advances gives a splendid return on the first outlay. The difficulty that Mr. James had hitherto experienced of finding competent hands to treat the feathers after plucking, and to Jircpare them for sale in Uie local market, iad considerably militated against his reaping the full reward for his enterprise, as in past Reasons he has not been able to dispose of his feathers cxcept in the raw state ; but during his stay in Temora be accidentally found the solution to tlie problem by discovering that Mrs. Mitchell was an adept in this line of industry. The list season s crop was there fore recently received by Mrs. Mitchell in its raw state for treatment; and, from per sonal examination of the consignment, we arc justified in saying that an inspection is well adapted to enlarge one's knowledge of a very interesting industry. To most people the variety of colouring to lie found in the feathers from' different parts of the bird's body will be subject of surprise, while the difference between the natural product iu its raw state, and its appearance after treat ment by Mrs. Mitchell, will no doubt be of Die highest interest to ladies especially, who we need not say, are the chicf supporters of this branch of trade. The benefit performance tendered by the Garrick Club to Mr. A. L. Inglison Monday evening last at the Gaiety Theatre attracted a fair attendance to the front seats, but the stalls and pit, were rather poorly attended — a sign perhaps that of late tlie public have bad a surfeit of dramatic arid other perform ances. The piece placed on the boards for the occasion was a melo-drama from the pen of the benejicuure entitled, 'Crime, or the Downward Path,' which abounded in start ling incidents and powerful situations, and the action of which is partly laid in Austra lia. Miss Beatrice Lister, who was evidently labouring under the advantage of weak health, sustained the character of the heroine Lilian Foirburu very . truthfully, and fre quently evoked cordial applause by her sympathetic representation. Miss Edmonds and Miss Nolan had derived considerable benefit from their previous training, and having almost entirely overcome the greatest obstacle in the road of amateur actor and actresses— stage fright— felt quite at home in their characters. Mr. Inglis, as Cecil Le Roy, liad a very difficult role which lost nothing in effectiveness in liis hands, and of the gentlemen amateurs Messrs; C. DeBoos as dud kins, the pompous butler, aud R. White, as Jingy Jingy, tlie blackfellow, deserve special commendation. The other characters of the piece Tirere represented by Messrs, K. M 'Ke»i?,ie, Wippell, Weatherall, W. F. Appleton, and Tacey. and 'Messrs. Hurley and Appleford supplied tiieorchestral accompaniment. On the f&l; of the curtain Mr. In^lis Appeancd at the footlights, and, while flunking the audience for their patronage. paid a high encomium to She ladies aud gentlemen composing the Garrick Clnl- for their application imdcr his tuition. The E^eaker ncxt pointed out the benefits to be derived from the existence of an unateur drnwatic clnb in a town like Temora, where its aid might be in request at any moment in the event of any untoward event I tn the mines, and concluded his remarks by bidding farewell to the public of Temora on behalf of himself and Miss Beatrice Lister. Loan Bvbon's Inspiration. — It is re lated of the Poet, that when his Mnse was chary of her divine afflatus, he would indulge in liberal potations of gin. Some of his finest flights of imagination were plumed as it were, from oat of these beakers of the ordinary Geneva (Gin). Had Udou-ho Wo ufrs Schiedam Aromatic Sciikapps existed in his day of splendor of 'Childc Harold,' the 'Corsair, ' Sara,' and other productions might have been still more intensified. — [Adyt.] HolW)«'aV,s Piixk. — Enfeebled existence. —This medicine embraces every attribute repaired in a genets! and domestic remedy ; it overturns the foundations of disease laid hr defective food and impure air. In obstructions or congestions of the liver, lungs, bowels, or any other oigans, these Pills are especially serviceable and eminently success ful. They should be kept in readiness in every family, as they area medicine without a faolt for young persons and those of feeble constitutions. Tbey ret-cr cause pain, or. irritate the moat sensitive nerves, or most tender bowels. Holloway's Pills are the best known purifyers of the blood, and the best promoters trf absorption and secretion, ? and remove all ^poisonous ni obnoxious nartidps front both solids .and fluids.— ; ( Ai)*T-l ^ ~ j 