TOWN TALK. Communication between Port Darwin and Java was restored at nine o'eloek last even ing. We publish elsowbero a spocial cable gram, coiirteously forwarded to us by Sir Bryan O'Loghlen early this morning, an nouncing the successful floating of the Victorian -1 per eeut. £4,000,000 loan. The Ministry yesterday tendered their resignation to the Governor, who imme diately communicated with Mr Service, with the result that the hon. member for Castle maine has been entrusted with the formation of a Government. Mr Service is expected to aunonuco the names of his colleagues to day. Tho Speaker will to-morrow issue a writ for the election of a member to serve in tho Legislative Assembly of Victoria for the electoral district of North Melbourno, vacant by the resignation of Dr. Rose. Our reports of tho Bellarine and Corio Shire Council meetings, held yesterday, together with other articles, appear on tho fourth page. It is stated that a Victorian clergyman' will be appointed Roman Catholic Bishop of liallarat, in the room of Dr. O Connor, de.' ceased. The names of three rev. gentlemen are mentioned in Roman Catholic circles, viz :—Monsignor Moore, of Ballarat ; Dr. Corbett, of St. Kildu ; and the Ven. Arch deacon Slattery, D.D., of Gcelong. A rather peculiar caao of trespass was heard at the Police Court yesterday, and it lasted from two o'clock in the afternoon until after fivo o'clock iu the evening. Mr P. \V. Armytage, the proprietnr of Wooloo manata station, in the Lara district, was summoned for tho recovery of £210 damages for the trespass of 42 rams on a small paddock rented by Mr Chas. Fuller, and which adjoins a portion of the station. It was clearly shown that tho rams got into the paddock, where there wero about 400 broken .mouthed ewes, which were purchased by Mr Fuller for 2s Gd per head, but on the other hand evidence was given that the fence over which the ram3 had crossed was notjskcep-proof, and that accordiug to Mr Fuller's statement no damago had been done. Tho solicitors for both parties woro very energetic, but eventually tho bench decided to dismiss the case, aud persistently refused to give their reasons for adopting that course. Tho heat yesterday was intense, and it fairly overpowered persons compelled to leavo the welcome shade of verandahs: There was little or no wind, and the atmos phere was very oppressive, especially in the evening, when thick clouds of smoke partly enveloped the town. ' . A charge was preferred yestorday at tho Police Court against Constable Ileffernan, of Geolong West, of having assaulted a farmer named William Kelly. The accuser had attended tho Corporation saleyards one day in February, and, owing to misconduct at the yards, the attention of the constable was directed to him. Ileffernan remon strated'with Kelly in a quiet why, and endeavored to induce him to leavo the yards without creating a disturbance. Kelly, bow over, refused, aud a bcuIHo took placo be tween tho two, during which Kelly received an injury to his face, and a friend eventually took him away. Kelly was summoned to the court for insulting behavior, and he soon after issuod a cross summons for an assault. Tho evidcuce yesterday was mystifying, owing to its direct opposition, bnt aftor,a patient hearing, ■ extending over two hours' duration, the bench decided to. lino Kelly forty shillings for the insulting behavior, and to dismiss the charge of assault brought against tho constable. \- At tile meeting of the Bel.arino Shiro .Council, held yesterday, tho Oniony Aducr User was appointed the adverthing medium of the Council. Mr Peter Hodgetts, formerly in Cobb's local coach office, performed a plucky action at Ballarat on Tuesday in stopping two young horses which had bolted with a wood wagon. Seeing the frightened, animals making straight forthe Sugg lamp, at the corner of Mair and Lydiard streets, he took off his coat,, and running up threw it over the heads of the horses, while with one hand he caught the reins, and just managed to pull the wagon clear of the lamp. The maddened beasts were not done yet, and again attempted to get away, but Mr Hodgetts, pluckily sticking to the reins with one hand, and slapping the horses in the face with the coat, managed to effect a standstill near Cobb and Co's offices. On Monday morning a well-known charac ter named Sarah M'Gee was,"obargod 'with drunkonnesB at tho Police Court, but, as she |statedishe was about to leave- Gcolqng- for, Sydney,1 she was .discharged/" 'SW has not,, ihowevct-; dohci so,;as she was treated at the* Hospital last evening for a bruised face, alleged to have,been jroceiyed whilst shhiwaa under the influence of liquor.,'.;n.'i; On Wednesday morning' between 7 and 8 o'clock ii man named Thomas Hughes,' aged. 36 years," recently employed as a waiter at Baijlieu's liotelj at Qneenscliff, .attempted to commit suicide by cutting'his throat at tbo roar~of "Sheehan's hotel,""! at*" Quoenscliff." Huglios had been drinking for tho last three weeks, and beyond this no reason is assigned", for the rashaot. The wound' was' sown byr Dr. Soott, at Queenseiiff, and, Hughes'ijvaa brought into the Geelong Hospital, in a very, weak- state, by the afternooii train'. Ho is' said to have a wife and family residing at Prahran. L ' 1 Two forty-pounder gunk;' belonging to tho; Geelong Artillery wero mounted last evening and will bo convoyed to Queetisoliff' to-day, where they will bo nBod during the'encamp-' ment at that place at Easter time".',. ,. A battalion parade "of-the: Geelong Artil lery Corp3 ; was hold last., evonlhg, -There" were present '.three officers, five sergeants,, and forty-two rank- and:.file,- inoluding :the band, , under , tho ; command of Major! Rashleigb. The men were put'through ghn drill, as a preparation for the: encampment at Raster, and acquitted themselves admi rably. Tho Carrio Kelson Opera; Burlesque Com. pany appeared at the Exhibition theatre last evening Lin a new programme, but: wero greeted by a very scanty audience, the heat no doubt militating against the attendance. The pieces produoed— "The Dumb,Family", and " King ■ Cetewayo "—were apparently thoroughly enjoyed by those -present. The company have abandoned the intention of' giving a performance this evening.. i - - The entries for the Ballarat; regatta, which takes placo to-morrow, and the sta tions allotted competitors, are as follow :— Senior oight—Ballarat, north ; Barwon, 2 . Williamstown, 3; Ballarat City,' south,' Maiden eight—Victoria, north;, Ballarat, 2 ; Corio Bay, 3 ; Ballarat -' City, sonth. Senior, four—Ballarat, north Ballarat City, 2 ; Victoria, south. Junior four—Barwon, north ; Ballarat City, south. Maiden four —Ballarat, north ; Corio Bay, 2 ; Barwon,' 3 ; Ballarat City, south. Maiden sculls—' Ballarat, north j Ballarat City, south. .The first race starts at noon, ton events being on tbo programme. , • Tho annual picnio given to the employes at Mr Donaghy's ropeworks, in Geelong West,' will take placo on . Saturday /next at tho Barwon Heads, in the' vicinity whero the ship Berengaria ran ashore. It is expected that the barque Gevalia, which has been loading grain at this port during the past fortnight, will be a full vessel to-day. She has on board about 8000 bags of wheat. Yesterday afternoon when the barqno Frederica was endeavoring to come through the channel she took the ground, and re mained hard and fast. The steamer Excel sior made an effort to tow the barque off as she was coming to Geelong with passengers from Melbourno, but failed to move the vessel. It was expected, however, that the Frederica would float off with the next tide. Tuesday's Hamilton Spectator says :— At about half-past 10 o'clock on Sunday night a splendid sight was witnessed in the western heavens. It consisted of a brilliant meteor, which, changing color in its fall from bright blue to red, burst as though it wero an immense rocket, and distributed bright Btars for, it is presumed,' hnndreds of miles around. Bnngaree must be an agreeable place to live in, to judge by the following extract from the Ballarat Courier:—Bnngaree waB blessed with abundant crops this last season, but it appears as if incendiaries were re solved that farmers in that' district . 'shall not benefit from the bounteous harvest,, and they are burning stacks in several'places. The last incendiarism, for there is no doubt, unfortunately, that the fires whioh destroy tho stacks of produce are wilfully caused, was that by which Mr Fat. Cahill, of Bun garce, lost a stack of wheat, and another of oats, valued in all at £130. The loss of Mr Cahill is a serious one, as the insurance on the stacks was only £50, the risk of the Royal Insurance Company.- ,,','It,' is: not creditable to the Forest that it is a distriot of which insurance agents | are'shy.-..The rates for insurance in the Forest are double what they ordinarily are, and one eompany, it is said, has forbidden its agents to insure any property in Bnngaree... In the 12 months from 1st August, 1SS1, to 1st August, 18S2, 78 person's died, each of whose personal estate amounted to above £100,000. Taking fifty years as the average of life, this (says a London paper) .Bhows that only 3900 persons now. living in the United Kingdom have more than £100,000 of personal property. This statistical fact is a surprising one, considering the scale of expenditure of so many people. But I suppose that it arises from this very cause, money being in many cases spent as it is earned, instead of being allowed to accumu late. The following harvest ' telegrams,' undor date of Tuesday, are from the Argue:— Bridgewater—Wheat, is quoted. at 4s lid to 5s. The supply coming . forward is limited. Echnca—No ' business -was dono in the grain market to-dayl An offer of 5s por bushel for wheat was refused. Very little barley is offering. Holders will not sell for less than 53 -per bushel. Trado on the whole is dull. Large quantities of flour are daily despatched by. rail for the Melbourno market and shipment to other colonies. Four flour mills' in this district arc busily engaged, three of them working day and night. Korong Vale—The price offered to-day for wheat is 4s lOd per bushel, The bulk of the wheat appears to be deli vered, as very little has como forward for tho past few days. Hay is roalising £3 por ton, and hay chaff £4, per ton delivered. Sandhurst—Only a moderate amount ; of grein forward to-day. Wheat firm, good samples bringing 5s Id. .Business in oats at 2s lOd and 3s. Flour, at the mills,'£11 10s. The. current number of tho AusttCilasidU Skelcher shows the outside of tho Argus office on polling day of the recent general election, .the illumination being .by tho elec tric light. Tho other illustrations of interest are : " The now Torpedo Boat for Victoria," "After the Bushfire,'"portraits of the'lato Bishop O'Connor, Thakombau,'. and- Lieut. W. J. N. Oldcrshaw ; " Tho . Matchbox Trick," "New South Wales Oyster Fisheries," etc. „ ■■ Wehave to call theattention of the Geelong public to the . fact that Mr Alexander Young,has been appointed collector, to tho Fomale Refuge, and will commence his work immediately.; Vide advertisement in another column. MrE, J. Jones will sell at noon to-day, ou the premises, London Hotel, Moorabool street, household furniture and effeots, A meeting of the Newtown and Chilwell Borough Council will be held to morrow (Friday) evening. A meeting of tho Gymnasium Club will be held at tbo building,' adjoining tho Exhibi tion Hall, to-nrorrow evening, to ,consider business of very groat importance.' I, A notice of interest to farmers and others s published in our advertising columns by Mr Th'os. Chatterton, auctioneer, salesman, ind commission agent. Tenders are;invited 4 through our adver tising Kolomna for sundry works in the Shire of Leigh. Particulars regarding "ArlamastorV Com pany on the Sydney Gold Cup will be found in oar advertising columns. Tenders for works in the Shire of Ban nock burn are invited through our adver tising columns. On Caster Monday a Sale of Gifts and Fancy Fair will be held at Portarliugton, for the purpose of raising funds for clcariog off the debt on the Wealeyao Church, procu ring an organ, etc. 