MELBOURNE. (moil OCR OTV2fCOKIiE-SI'ONBEXT.) Tuesday Evening. ! Those who were present last night at ] Lancefieldand heard the Premier's speech1, mast have noticed a great absence of vigor in Sir Bryan's utterances. He spoke as if he had no spirit in him. I learn that the cause of this is that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has been suffering for some time past from an attack of diarrhoea, and was in an almost prostrate condition when he delivered his speech. I am informed that the contest for Grant is likely to bo a peculiar one. Hitherto Messrs Xjalor and Bees have run together, but it would appear that the latter is to " play a lone hand" on this occasion, and that Mr Luplau goes in as an avowed supporter of Mr Berry. Mr Bees' chances of success are undoubtedly very good, and, though a silent member in the House, he is undoubtedly a good one, and respected by all hi3 fellow mem bers. ' An Executive was held to-day, but nothing of importance was transacted. It was rumored to-day that Mr W. K. Thomson had made up his mind to stand for West Melbourme, but I learn on pretty good authority that the sitting members will, in all probability, enjoy a ■walk-over. Sandridge desires to secure ' the Hon. J. J. Casey for its representa tive, now that it has lost Dr. Madden, and the hon. gentleman is engaged weigh ing the pros and cons of the matter. Mr Gillott, the well-known solicitor, lias de clined to stand for Kiclimond, and the local Beform League is reported to have , a strong leaning towards MrAdcock. Mr Holden intends going to the poll for Fitz xoy, and the probability is that Mr Lyons will relinquish his intention of becoming a candidate for a seat there. Hot long ago Waddington and Co., who photograph celebrated people, in cluding actors and actresses, sued Dun ning and Co., the Opera House people, for the cost of a number of photographs I which they had executed of the members | of the company. Tho plaintiff only asked to be recouped the actual cost of the work, but tho defendants alleged that the | photographs were to be taken for nothing at alL The plaintiff, it seems, did not anticipate this defence, and, being unpre pared with witnesses to meet it, the case was dismissed. This morning a strong attempt was made by Mr Gannsou to obtain a rehearing of the case, in order | that witnesses might bo called to corro borate Mr Waddington's statement. He based his application upon some informa lity about the certificate of dismissal, but the bench refused the application, and declined to state a case. Mr Gillott was on the other side. The annual meeting of tlic Melbourne branch of St. Patrick's Society was held last night. More than usual interest was displayed in the election of officers and president. The meeting broke up at one a-m. to-day. The following was tho re sult of the election :—President, Michael 1 O'Meara, 84 votes, as against -10 of Mar- | tin Hoad ; committee, P. Mornanc, M. Maloney, J. T. Gregory, E. Holan, S. Stapleton, J. M. M'lntj're, J. S. Free- | man, E. Scully, M. Hoad, E. M'Cartliy, C. O'Callaghau, J. Stone, P. Long, J. W. Howard. A serious accident, I am informed, occurred to the Keraug State school. A bushfire raging in contiguity to the schoolroom set fire to the building, and it was burned to the ground. The Go vernment has no money at its disposal to rebuild the place, and there is no build ing in the locality which could be rented for the purpose. The tenement was not insured, so that the Government sustains a loss. A meeting of the Board of Land and j Works was held to-day, when the deed of submission between the Government and those persons claiming damages sus tained by the Hawthorn Bailway accident was executed. The following are the | only claims which have accepted submis sion :—Hy. Grey, gentleman, Kew ; Hy. Helleker, Hawthorn; Bichard Aysh, stonemason, Collingwood, and his wife, Eliza Maria Aysh ; and T. Huggins, of Fitzrov. Mrs Stoddart, who some months ag received severe injuries in an accident the Williamstown station, is suing th Board of Land and Works for £100 damages. It appears that she was alon< side a train which was starting, and w: pushed on to the platform of one of th carriages by an official, who imagined sh wished to become a passenger. She fell and was dragged some distance. The di fendants disclaim all liability. At the half-yearly meeting of the Bani of "Victoria, held to-day. the net profit ■were shown to be £27,350 18s 2d for th past half-year. After declaring a divider) of 10 per cent, there was a balance c £11,213, which was carried to the reserv fund. The hon. W. Pearson, M.L.C. was unanimously elected a director, i place of Mr E. P. S. Sturt. 