? . Big Show- Fine j4gn at Sw Show. 6now=balling In Albtfry. Cyclone at Coolac Creek, Thermometer 57' at noon. Hay wants a railway line, A six-foot pig at the Show. Snow throughout -Victoria. Yatala wants a Tost - Offioe. More smallpox in Queensland. Victorian lunatics foot np 3,117. Four drunks at the Police Court. 'Who is to be Bastard's successor? They ore giving Lord Lyons a rest. Holmes' distress signals to be tried. Soolding by Osric Copland last night. Bums's case adjourned till Tuesday. Isn't the Murray Chieftain a beauty ? Terowie volunteers evoluted yesterday. Prince Alfred College sports to- morrow, Mr. Bloomfield was buried at 11 o'olock. George Mackenzie exploded at Waratah. Ten teams with eilverieod ore at Terowie. Willowie Show yesterday very successful. Governor was much pleased with the Show. Natural excess of population lost week was 115. Cabinetmakers want higher duty on furniture. There are only 1,943 prisoners in New South Wales. Wheat crop of America 12 per cent below lost year. Eight bran-new Justices of the Peace appointed. Clyde passed Cape Borda at 7.20 this morning. Three feet of rain fallen at Monnt Barker this year. Philip Benjamin arrived in England .safe and sound. Railway traffic shows an increase of £2,900 for a week. Mud and fat cattle on the Show ground yesterday. Sisters of St. Joseph bazaared the Port AngnstanB. Habeas corpttt is a good thing for offenders in Adelaide. A special prize for jumping is offered at the Show to-day. Now it is Ballarat that is indulging in earthquakes. Victorian school teachers are dismissed for drunkenness. It cost a man in Redruth £1W to marry "another girl." There will be a jolly row if Franoe annexes New Hebrides. There will be some pound-ing done about. New Guinea yet First Water booked for £76,000 to win the Melbourne Cup. Sir James Martin-et ia what they call him in Sydney now. Folks at home are rea.ding Adelaide letters sent by the Cuzoo. System of apprenticeship almost abandoned in Victoria. J. H. Angas woi very fortunate yesterday in securing prises. Jupiter Pluvius, Bnreas, and Taurus have it all thoir own way. Twenty bushels are what the farmers are expecting this year. Will tho new baths be finished before the hot weather sets in! Chptain Beare and his Y.P, Rifles mad* a fine show yesterday. Conoert in aid of the Ischia sufferers at tbo Town Hall to- night Bishop Kennion invites bis clergy to a couferenoc next week. Our nautical Wardens cannot agree on question of navigation. Port Pirie ratepayers are wroth witb their Mayor and Councillors. B«v. F. R. Coghlan accepted Incumbenoy 8t. Bede's, Semaphore. Dr. Bollen lectures on " Bones" to-day at the Children's Hospital. Grass iu galore almost everywhere,. Bushfires may be looked for. Emulation again awarded first prize among thoroughbred stallions. Mary O'Meara fled from the South Y-ura fire soorched and scared. Are all the trees and shrubs In " Coglin'a Garden" to he destroyed ? French will soon havo twenty-seven fight- ing ships of fewest type. Lady Diana collided with Port Adelaide Lighthouse; both damaged. A railway guapd in New South WaleB killed his assistant yesterday. The Duke of Hamilton's Ossian won the St Leger Stakes at Doncaster. Mr. Mais thoroughly believes in the American engines. Oh, Mr. Thow. All the meat in freezing works [at Rockhampton was cooked yesterday. Mr. Soott, Secretary Calcutta Exhibition sailed in the Assam for Calcutta. Sensible Corporation man turned flock of sheep into North Adelaide plantation. Adelaide Milling Company intend deepen ing several Port Pirie wharf frontages. Sir W. Morgan Is opposed to annexation of the New Hebrides by England. Why? The Sun rose to-day at G.3, and will set at 5.50. Moon up 1.32 p.m., Gets 3.<4 o.in. A Sydney clothier advertises " rea'ly-aiafle boys' clothing." That's just like Sy iuev. New Zealand contributed fcaxuaaes ol mutton to the larder of London yesterday. Carr and Boyd supposed to lie lost while travelling from Queensland for Kiinbedey. It is fashionable now-a-days, near West Australia, to have showers of calciuctl sanfl. The British Government will tool avouuJ until there will not be any ishuids to aimer. Engine refused duty at Bowden yc-t- r \ ,y, and occasioned a quarter of an hour's delay. It takes two big, strapping bushrangers iu New South Wales to rob a little 15-ycur-old girl. The Show half-holiJjy did not extend to Port Adelaide, as the Customs coul'J not be closed. There are about 700 lumpers at Port Adelaide, and more than half of them daily out of work. Not a soul patronized the £500 Stand erected by the Government on the Show ground. The Largs Bay trains used the Glanville new platform on Wednesday night for the first time. Spencer's Gulf optional pilotage is a Marine Board bone of contention. There was a snap over it oa Thursday. Phylloxera-infected land in Geelong District recommended to be trenched, ploughed, and laid down in grass. More trnckB for conveyance cattle down Great Northern Railway to be Bupplied shortly; not before wanted. Go in for making a good thing out of the pnrse-trfok mcu ; they arc guileless infants, whom you may easily take in. A Victorian telegraphed his sympathy to a friend who had lost an Important lawsuit, and made him pay tor the message. Mr. Berry wants to utilize] the energy of Victoria's convicts to its Bent in doing Servioe in flower gardens and Berry patches, Portonlans rejoice that the Kent worked inside on Wednesday, when the weather prohibited the lighten doing so outside. In spite of bad times, the revenue from the Customs, including Northern Territory, lor the last week reached nearly £17,000. Some wool grown near Strangways Springs, after being scoured, has realized 2a. 3d. per lb. Moral—Push forward our railways. Marine Board object to the Railway Department getting to the windward by avoiding tonnage and wharfage dues at Port Pirie. Future tax lists are to read as follows One pair Johnny's trousers, 4a.; improvements by new scat and knees on the some, 2s. Cd. Port Adelaide Poultry Society has paid away £90 in i irises, and has £40 to begin the next quarter with. Keen competition oxist ing between the city and Port Societies. It is Eaid that the suu will absorb th9 earth in a million years. That puts an cud to the Border Railway. The last tender cellcd for won't have a chance to be put in. List: The Hon. Thomas Hogarth s|>eV,- th —"If I had my will I would certainly inrreduee a lot of Chimamcn." Retott by hoiuy limited--"Thank heaven, theSaathlieM(,;iaut can'c have his way." A vote of no-eonfidenoe in the Ministry lias bei u jiasscd in the " Jbhlel" Parliament, Tley won't stand any hmnlni^ in that Parliament. l'erhaps the Miiiistjy will apologise, and hang on to their ofiicce, " It's nice to be a Minister, 