THE FIRE AT WAVERLEY. [By a Waverley Resident.] The Brownhill Creek and Government Farm fire extended to Waverley, a town- ship lying half a mile southward of the Crafers Hotel, upon the summit of the Mount Lofty Range. When I and my neighbour left Waverley this morning there was every appearance that the fire had been got under; and as it was three to four miles distant, and the north-east wind which was blowing would carry the flames to the south-west, we entertained no apprehensions for the safety of our families. At 1 o'clock, however, one of your reporters, who had tracked the course of the conflagration, startled me by the infor- mation that Waverley was in danger. Mr. Russell and I caught the half-past 2 bus, and on ascending the hill near the Eagle we felt tolerably comfortable, for there did not appear to be much smoke, aud what there was seemed further east than Crafers. On reaching the tenth milepost, however, where the road turns off to Mount Lofty on the left and Waverley on the right, we got into the smoke, and there could be no doubt that the fire was raging in the spot which we had left a few hours before in such perfect security. We went on to the Crafers Hotel, and found to our con- sternation that our families and some others had been driven there for protection from the devouring flames. They were less excited than one might have expected under the cir- cumstances, and in the course of an hour or so, from enquiries of the sufferers and per- sonal inspection, I gathered the following information. Up till 10 o'clock or so there was not much sign of immediate danger, though it was felt necessary to keep a good watch on the direction of the flames. A little before 1 o'clock the wind veered round to the west, and blowing sharply, the fire advanced rapidly up the two gullies, at the head of one which stands Mr. Andrews' house, and at the head of the other the cottages of Captain France, Mr. J. G. Russell, (Master of the Supreme Court), and Mr. T. W. Harris. The flames shot from tree to tree. The roar caused by fire and wind was deafening, and the smoke was suffocating. There was a large party of willing workers gathered from the neighbour- hood, who were superintended to some extent by the troopers, but it was soon apparent that all their efforts would be of little avail to stay the progress of the raging element. All that could do done was to watch the houses and the inmates. Mrs. Andrews, Mrs. Russell, Mrs. Harris, and Miss Chapman assisted in defending their houses right vigorously, and the scene at this time was very distressing. The children were crying with fright, and the flames were dancing in pitiless fury all round, the smoke was blinding the eyes of workers and on- lookers, and all the horrors of a bush-fire were upon the happy little village. At last the troopers sent away the children, who sought refuge at the Crafers Hotel, guided by two or three friends. Mrs. Russell and Mrs. Harris remained at their respective houses until they too were driven away by force, but Mr. and Mrs. Andrews pluckily remained in their castle, determined, captain-like, to stick to it to the last. By 4 o clock in the after- noon the fire had been well-nigh subdued so far as positive danger is concerned. There are of course numberless trees still on fire, and every now and then we can hear some giant of the forest falling to the ground consumed to the core by the merciless flames. The difference a few hours have made in the appearance of one of the choicest spots in the hills is saddening to look at. Instead of the formerly waving grass, luxuriant ferns, and glossy foliage, the ground is swept of all its undergrowth and blackened by the scorching element, the trees are all charred, and the leaves shrivelled and curled. It is difficult hurriedly to estimate the damage done. Slater's cottage is burned to the ground, Captain France's and Mr. Russell's fencing is destroyed, together with several stacks of firewood. Mr. Russell's fowls were roasted alive, and the flames actually leapt into his kitchen catching fire to the gauze over the metal dishes. His verandah also caught once or twice, but a sharp look-out saved the house. Most of his fruit-trees, as well as those of Mr. Harris', are burned past recovery. The flames flew across the road and destroyed a good deal of Mr. Clement Sabine's and Dr. Norman's fencing, and some of the trees along the road are still (8 p.m.) blazing away. 