RIVER NEWS. The Bourti Watchman of December 18 reports:—' During the past week we have experienced some of the old style of weather sn pnrnmrm fpn. riiteen. or twentv vo.ih since. Tuesday last was a warm nazy uay, with those puzzling indications whioh some times lead to a lot of rain and sometimes to excessive heat. The latter was the case in this instance, as Wednesday last was the hottest day experienced in lJourke for some years. The lowest reading of the thcimome ter we saw was 112°, and that was in a dark room, with double roof and walls and the floor wet. The Government thermometer in a cool place registered 116', and in some places the mercury went up to 123*. About 5 o'clock a regular simoom swept over the town, covering everything with sand and dust, and effectually preventing anything in the way of work, either inside or outside. In the evening the thermometer went down to 77°, and on Friday, which was clear, bright, and pleasant, the maximum was 90' and GO' minimum. Up to the present the weather has been very pleasant. We hear that por tions of the country down the river has benefited by a rainfall of from 70 points to two inches. This will make thing3 look much more pleasant.' The Wagga Wagpa Advertiser of December 22 writes: — 'The weather during the past week has been fine and warm, and, as was anticipated, several bush-fires have occurred in the district. There are no stock move ments of consequence to report. The coming festive week is not likely to enliven matters, as usually matters are quiet during Christ mas.' The Dubbo Dispatch says :— ?' The weather during the past week has continued dry and exceptionally hot. Saturday, Sunday, and Monday were very warm, and Tuesday was dull and it looked like rain. It, bow ever, only looked that way, for the day passed without any falling. We want a good fall of rain just now, not only so far as Dubbo is concerned, but for other parts of the district. We hear that on the Macquarie, lower down, and on the Marthaguy, the state of the country is somewhat alarming. The feed is almost done, and water is also very scarce. Several owners have already started their sheep, and others are thinking of doing so. The wool is still coming through. Last week Wright, HeatOD, & Co. forwarded nearly 4,0C0 bales from Dubbo, Nyngan, and Nevertire offices.' The Wilcannia Times of December 21 reports :— ' Stock movements are at a stand still, and will continue to be so while the present dry weather prevails. The whole of the travelling routes may be said to be prac tically closed, not in all cases sd much from want of water as from want of feed. There is little or no feed on the Paroo Hue from Tonga up to Queensland, and, as mentioned by a telegram from Thargomindah, a herd of fat cattle which had essayed the line had. to be turned back to the station. The_ Booligal track is in a somr.vhat similar condition, and the Barrier line via Mount Gipps is not only short of feed, but, from absence of public tanks, without water, as it generally is. Our Menindie correspondent, writing on the 22nd, says : — ' I have no stock movements to report. The weather is sultry, with plenty of dust storms.' Our Thargomindah correspondent wires : — ' Three hundred fat cattle tor Ade laide, from Nocatunga, Hughss owner, re turned yesterday to Nocatun?a, being unable to travel via Hungeriord or Gum Hole for want of grass and water.' At Walgett, the Mail says: — 'A succession of Darling showers and intensely hot days have followed since our last. On Monday the ther mometer registered 98° in the shade. Dust storms have prevailed every day. On .Wed nesday we had a heavy storm of dust, accom panied by hot winds from the north-east, the glass showing a beat of 120° in the shade. The outlook is a very dreary and droughty one. What little water and grass there was must have all been dried up and destroyed. Stock are beginning to lose con dition again, and unless we have heavy rain shortly we will be in a worse plight than ever.'' At St, George the Standard says:— ' Stormy gusts of wind, accompanied by an unpleasant amount of dust, has blown at intervals through the week. On Tuesday evening rain fell for a few minutes, and we have had a few sprinkles from passing clouds once or twice since ; but very heavy rains fell on Tuesday evening at Cashmere, for a few minutes only, over a limited area of country. The temperature has been higher during the week, and the country around is looking parched and unpromising.' At Forbes the Gazette says : — ' We had an extiaordinary week so far as the weather is concerned. The early part of the week it was -warm, the thermometer going up to 97° in the shade, but Wednesday was the most oppressive day known for many years. It was a genuine brickfielder. with dust galore, the glass showing 10G° in the shade. Vegeta tion is burnt up, and bush fires raged all round. While we write there are few signs of the much-needed rain.' At flay the Riverine Qrazier says : — ' The water on the stations is rapidly diminishing. Stock movements continue restricted, the routes rendering travelling impracticable, except where the necessity to fiy_ from certain destruction forces owners to risk the certain loss.' At Nymagee the Star says :— ' Most un pleasant weather has prevailed during the greater part of the week. On Wednesday last a. terrific storm passed over the town, and it was a day that will be long remem bered by all who witnessed it. The dust blew in clouds all day_, with a very hot wind, the thermometer going up to 110° in the shade. The wind at times was very violent, and during the day the verandah of Mr. Pope's Coffee Palace and billiard-room was blown away, and during the greater part of the day no biisiness of any kind_ could be transacted. Since the storm the nights have been cool, though the days have been for the most hot and dusty without any sign of rain, which is badly wanted just now.' 