GE.NERIAL N EWS. A man named Nicholson was found by a teamster under a bush in an exhausted state, near Gooernment Gums, South Aus tralia, in the far north. Ioe was taken to Leslie's well, but died in a few hours. IHe had been drinking heavily. A serious disturb nce occurred at Parra mattn on Tuesday night between tirh Salva tion Army and a mob of roughs. The streot was blocked for some time, and some disgraceful scenes occurred; During the struggle the police stood looking on, and did notinterfere. Typhoid lever is very prevalent through out the Englehawk district at the present time, and some cases of diphtheria have been reported. Several of the leading townsmen have been seriously ill during the past week. but the favorable change of weather experienced on Tuesday had a beneficial effect. Terrible bushfires have been raging for the past week around Berrimna, Beoral, Nossvale and Sutton Forest, Neow South Wales. Thousands of pounds' worth of grass has been burned. On one ran alone £700 worth of fencing has been consumed. Bush fires are still burning in the Wagga district. Excessive heat is prevailing all over the colony. The bush fire reported as having taken place in the Whipatick on MIonday, was not extinguishod till Tuesday evening. Al though no houses were burned, con siderable damage has been done to fencing, and a large number of stacks of firewood, estimated in the aggregate at 1000 tons have been destroyed. The election of Mr. Carlisle as Speaker of the Housne of Reprecentatives msay perhaps mark a new era in American politics. The American Sparker has great power over the constitution and policy of the committees which manage trade and financial matters. Mr. Carlislo is a "tariff reformer" and a "revenue reformer"-in other words, he is not a protectionist. ; The reports of the production of petro leum at Baku represent the springs as amazingly productive. In the month of August one spring is said to have produced 6,000,000 poods (the pood is equal to about 331b), while another was reported to have given as much as 300.000 poods per day. A consequence of this productiveness was to reduce the price to a half and a third of a copeck, and it is said that great quantities of the material are quite lost for the want of proper reservoirs. There are Arabs among the followers of the Mathdi who habitually wear armour which once adorned the limbs of Anglo Norman Crusaders. Many of the gallant knights who followed the " Lion Heart Plantagenet" to fight against S.dadin, left their bones to whiten on Eastern deserts. and the armour of those who fell was 'eagerly seized upon by the successful Pay nimry. The armour thus obtained has been handed down from father to son for generations and for centuries, with the greatest pride and care; and some of it, no doubt, was worn in those three terrible days of flehting which destroyed the army of HIicks Pasha. To show how a letter may go astray, thie Albury corresplcdent of the 0. and .1V. Adrertther states that Miss Kate Lipsctt, of Albtry, last week received a large Crbhisttat card fromln iss looesten, of Stanley. The envolopo was not nit at the ends, but left open. On Miss Llpsett openlnl it she foutnd another letter inside, amnti, without looking at It oipened it, when it was founl to con tain nothing but a £1 note.' Shie then told her parents that SMies IHouston had sent her lt. aud never said wlht it was for. Upon producilt the small envelope it was feont. to beo. addrstirasld to te Rce. Fa'thcr O'Con. nor, TMyrtlefnrdl, and no doubt was a Chlrist mas box for the rev. gentlenman from a friend illcognito. Mr. Customs.atlleer Lipsett tim meditaely despatched the missive to its rightful owner. The IKoroit correspondent of the Argus wired to that journal on Wednostday that Joseph Walters was charged at the police court on that day with indecently assault ing Irsheclla Eccles on the 7th Inst., ait h'irkstall. The evidence went to shlow that the prisoner, in broad daylight, on a public road, and wilthin 10 hslaius of a dweltling. had indecently assaulted the child, whose age in under twelve. Mr. Flotcher nlo ale at d milsericordilm aplpeal to the lienlch oll bhchnlf of Ith prisonor, whiosa agn was scarcely 15. Theo charge was aiiiletd, andt the pt?oner wnas touind guilty ufti r the t9th section of the Citlli nalt Itw el'eroedr ti let of ain agiravsated naHtltu . 'Itlliss reutlolt giv!e oiiitnuintry Jurts. diction, and the sunglaLutters uetoleuced tlhe prionuer ti lOte iI tionthii' lls)priisoIttontt. with h ud hthor, A diegrace ful seolnet cered llt Wmllilntt. son-str.et, opposite the City Market, at aboalt 8 o'clock on Wednesday night, wires the Sandhurst correspondent of the Argus. Tihe Salvation Army were, as usual, sing ing while parading the street, when a pnmber of larrikins from. Bridge-street interrdptel, tleo processiot b.y singing obscene songs ar.d hooting tliP aiy: Ond old. woman had her aproni full of rotted eggs, and some of tleso, with some stones, were thrown at the salvationists. Captain Quick caught a lad nanmed Michael Lough. man, and this was tihe signal for a general amicldo. During the disturbance one of the army, named Collins, was knocked down. Further trouble wits imtilnent, when Senior-constable Douglas appeared on the scone, and the Skeleton Army then beat a precipitate retreat. The lad Loughman was taken to the lockup, but as Captain Quick refused to sign a clhargo he wae liberated. The subsequent meeting of the army in St. James's Unll was frequently interrupted by roughs. It is possible that police court pooceediugs will be taken against tihe ringleaders. A somewhat -remarkable case of 'the "Enochl Arden" type is reported by tlhe Ieslers Morning Newrs to have just occurred at Kingsbridge. 'Soe yeaSrs nego'a young womnn of Kingsbridge snas married to a sailor named -Lucraft. .In. due course Lueraft went to' sea; and from that time his wife saw him no more. It wascred;bly repsorted that her husband had been drowned, and as there appeared to be no reason to doubt the accuracy of this in formation, Mrs. Lucraft was regarded in the town, and, indeed, regarded herself, as a widow. She remained in a state of single blessedness for some time, but was oventually wooed and won by a tradesman in the town named Burner. Neither was aware of any obstacle to their union; it was taken for granted that the story of Lucraft's death was a perfectly trust worthy story, and a short time since lMrs. Lucraft became Mrs. Burner. But a few days ago a stranger appeared in the town, and calling upon the Kingsbridge trades nomn, revealed to him the fact that he.was the sailor Lucraft. It was Jaeck Robinson's case--" he hadn't been dead at all." Little or nothing is known of the subsequent conversation that took place between the two husbands of the one wife, but it was probably of an amicable and friendly charaiter, for rumour Ihas it that Lucraft shortly afterwards left the town, and that Burner remains in quiet possession of his wife. 