COLO . VALE.. (Fro, our Correspondent.) Tas one allUabsorbing topic of oonveraation here is thee weather, and the anxious query greets one everywhere, "' When do you think we will got rain ?" Occasionally the clouds gather, and there are indications of a nmuch needed change. A cool breeze, however, is the only outcome, and the sun shines forth again, like an orb of bu:ning steel, through the dense clouds of smoke which fill the atmosphere. In c,)nsequence of the dry weather, fruit is scarce, and the little which finds its way to market is of inferior quality, and commands high prices. Butter is selling at le. 6d per pound wholesale, and hard to get. Much dissatisfaotion is expressed at the proposed fiscal policy, particularly the tax on tea. There senin8 much variance of opinion between the members of the Government and the " Free and independent electors," and it strikes the latter forcibly that the end is not yet-that there will be a row in the kitchen, and they will be in it. By the way, there is a matter of interest to those who subscribo to the public funds, upon which we would like some information. Firstly, we would like to know how many thousands of pounds have been expended in dragging a plough over the rocks and among the stumps (pretty thick the latter) on the sides of our railways ; and, as a result, how many "wattles " adorn the long scratches called furrows which are to be seen along the line? Secondly, what percentage of the few that grow are likely to escape the fires which day after day are wreathing round them, in spite of the most careful efforts of the permanent way men to save them ? And, thirdly, what amount of revenue are they expected to yield The forest ranger, who, a few weeks ago, was instructed-to report on the present state of the " wattle plantation " between Bundanoon and Pioton, declared when he reached Colo Vale that out of the many thousands previously reported to be glowing he had so far failed to find eight hundred. As his report was to have been laid before Parliament, perhaps some of our hon. members might be induced to obtain therefrom nod publish for the benefit of the public some items of interest. At any rate, I hope those who have degenerated fro*' the position of high class politicians, and played the roleof amateur gardeners at the public expense, will not feel vexed if those who " pay the piper " are a little inquisitive respecting the probable result. Narrow Eeeap-s -On Wednesday, 30th ultimo, the residence of \Ir. J. Starling, of C 'Io Vale, was surrounded by fire, and was saved with difficulty. some of the garden fence being destroyed.-The folinwing day a bush-fire ran into the debris Rurrounding a.saw-till owned by Mlrs Carrio, at Colo Vale Fortunately help was at hand, and the flames were got under, and finally subdued Itoforo they reached the mechinerv. Advance Colo. -A movement is on foot to erect a Church of England hero A committee has been formed, and have hold one meeting, when the following members were present :-Rov. F. C. Williams (of Mittaging) in the chair, P C. L Shepherd, Esq, J.P, WT. A. Cuneo, T. Randal, and T'. Bingham. The oaairman annonnced that a site had been promised by Mr. Bradley free of coat; also that Mrs. Corrio had promised £5 worth of timber. A letter was read from Mr. G. Martyn, promising £1; collecotions takonatsorvices amounted to £5. It was resolved "That an account be opened with the Government Savings Bank; that Mr. Shepherd write to Mr Bradley, and inform him that Messrs. Shepherd, Randal, and Bingham had been appointed trustees for the land, an would be glad to have it conveyed at earliest convenience ; that a publio meeting be called for the further consideration of the matter on the 11th February ; that each member of the committee do his utmost in raising aubscriptions towards the ereation of the building." The structure is estimated to cost a little over £100. February 4. 