OUn CAULE Nrws.- According to latest. . accounts from General Gr?iham he is' )meeting ,with great difficulties in his expedition against Osman Digna. Some S400 of his troops,have been prostrated with ,3the heat,.and. the _ country.- to be passed over-is Zimipassable. for cavalry." -Lord nlucklanis.a.ecaedidate!fobkthe: Governor slhip.of.Victoria. Among. other-tems is. also the news of a-fall in the price of tin. TicE jLANDS OOFFICE.c-Mr. C. P. Spren?t, Deputy Commissioner of Crown Lands; will pay his usual monthly visit to Launceston; 3_to-day. He .will be in attendance at the Publioc Buildings to-day from 10 ;a;m'for the convenience of those desirous of seeijng \- him on business connected with his depart. mont..;i ', . . . LAuNaOESTON MUSICAL UNION.-The' fourth, subscrilftion concert of, the Launces Stoni Musical Union, which was establish'd. so long ago as 1874, will be given in the Mechianics' Institute to-night, on .wllis ocelsion 'Handell's oratorio "The Creation" will be produced. This is 'not the first timo that this sublime work has been pei -formed by ti'e meinlers of the.Uniijn; but it will bear repetitio?i; On this occasion a number of soloists will make, their- first p-ublic appcarance in oratorio musick=..The S-conductor is Mr. A. Wallace, who will .doubtless wield the' baton, in his usual style. Miss A. M. Hart will preside'attihe -piano. SBiaENEVOLENT SOCIETY. The' usual weekly meeting of the Comdiittee of thi' Liainceston Benevolent Society. was held' on Wednesday. afternioon iii tied Mayor's room, Town Hall;" whesitheie 'were pre sent :-Messrs. E. L. Ditcham (Chairman), 'a. Babington, J.'Tulloch, M. Tyson, A.. W. Birchall, J. Ellis, T. H. Urquhart, and the Secretary. T: he relief roll was called; and' the minutes of the last meeting read and 'confirmed. Three applications -fr.irelief from old men wantin~g admission into the' Invalid Depot were granted, and iafourtih from a labourer, a young man, was refused.! This being all. the business the meeting closed. - ' WHOLESALE THEFT:—At the Police Court, yesterday, a young girl named Mary Davidson was sentenced to three weeks imprisonment for stealing a quantity of jewelry and clothing from a fellow servant of hers, in the employ of Dr. Stewart, Charles-street, named Eva Chilcott. It appears that on Friday evening last week the girl Davidson left her service with the avowed intention of going to Melbourne. Late at night, as she was retiring to rest, Eva Chilcott missed a lot of articles from her box. Amongst the stolen articles were the following :—Gold watch, silver chain, blue cloth ulster, two jet brooches, silver bracelet , two brooches, silver earring, and some underclothing. Chil- cott reported the matter to the Superintendent of Police, and next morning inquiry was made, and it was found that Davidson had gone to Westbury by train instead of going to Melbourne. Mr. Superintendent Coulter at once tele- graphed to Deloraine, where her parents reside. But Davidson had not gone so far as that township, having got out at West- bury, where she remained till Tuesday. On that day she went to Deloraine, where the Superintendent of Police arrested her with the stolen articles in her possession. She was brought to town, and sentenced to three weeks' imprisonment ; a light sentence, but one that should be a warning to her. Her parents are respectable people, and the girl has hitherto borne an excellent character. WINKLEIGH NOTES.—A correspondent writing from Winkleigh, West Tamar,on .20th dinst., says::--A' slight earth tremor was felt about 7'10 p.m. yesterday,' ap parently-passing from east :to 'west, but of short duration." What with bush fires and continued dry weather, everything :in the shape of feed is burned or parched 'lp., There have' never been such bushfires. since the district was inhabited. We havei had busy times this last week also with the threshing machine, and the. grain seems ito turn .out pretty 'well. . I 'do not. think Mr.' Hepburn's - hops turned out, very ''well: this 'season,; which is to be '.regretted,as: he put. inma .good deal of work last spring;-The-pickers had a lively or :rather' a 'noisy? time of it with the children' .'from :'Beaconsfield. Nothing has been- done 'with reference to getting'a mail twice' a week;: and really' the people.. hardly?,deserve 'the .boon on account of their. apathy in doing anything, to secure it. -Another matter, they are slow in moving about is the obtaining a minister to.take the chargeivacated by the Rev. E. C. Tennant. There is a piece of road. that needs attention before the wet: weather sets in, and if. this should meet the eye of our local road 'trustee he willknow.where it is, as "he 'promised to have it repaired, but, alas 1 ' pie-crust," etc. ..LAUNeESTON DIRECTORY.,-We have re ceived the Launceston Directory for 1884, compiled and published by Mr. J. Temple-' ton Cox, which will: be found a' very com plete [and ,handy. reference book. j A map of the.town.is given;the electoral districts being:marked by colours, and an index of streets and localities supplies a valihable means of reference to any 'of. them.. The name of any business man or burgess in the town can;bo found'under three headings the alphabetical, directory of. streets and residents.in each, the directory :of trades and professions,. or the directory of names, occupations, and residences. There is also a suburban directorytaking in the country districtsadjoining the 'town on allsides. The work is.well got up and: very clearly printed, and .should find general favour with the public. Y.M.C.A.-The usual weekly meeting of the improvement branch of tIhe .M.C.A; wim li held to- night, when Mr. R. Hodg onii 'will introduce a discussion'on "Man hood Suffrage." . ' TASnANiA~ Tune 'CrLu.--A mebting of the steowards of the Tasmanian Turf Club i'as bldl at the Critbrion Hotel ye'sterday forenoon, .when, the action of stewards hi connection withi'lrodtests, oetc at the recent MIowbray race meeting was approved of and confirmed. Iinmediately afterwards a well attended meeting of the Committee was held, Mr. Chits. Youl in the chair. After some discussion it was decided that an offer from. the. Mowbray Plumpton Company givihg the T. T. Club the riglit to use the Mowbray course for racing pur poses everyFeobruary during the remainder of the Company's lease, which has six years yet to run, beo accepted. ' The ques tion of holding a Queen's Birthday meeting was next discussed,- and ultimately it was resolved that a' race meeting .be held on 2tih May, and the sub-Committee was in structed to prepare a programme, which will be published' in- a few days.' Several minor arrangements were made, and some routine business wasalso transacted? STOCKBROKcING MOIALITY.-e ThO mem bers of the Stock Exchange have, we are informed, declined to place the British Prospecting Association, on their list of mining companies. The reason assigned for this is that the gentlemen do not dceei it right to encourage liability companios. The high sense of morality that is ex hibited by the gentlemen on 'Change in this transaction is very pleasing, and.tends to their credit, in fact it should have the effect of causing their daily transactions to be rpgarded with that veneration and pro found respect which their reliability deserves. There should be no doubt hence forthli cast on the validity of the daily quo tations. . LAUNCESTON FIRE BJLoAnDE.--I was in tended to have held a practice meeting of the Launceston United Fire Brigade yesterday evening at Upper Charles-street, but owing to the inclement state of the weiatheir it was indefinitely postponed. i'ThE WEAbTEI .-On Wednesday the barometer, which had been very steady for weeks past, began to fall, and in the oven ing a dark bank of clouds rose in the N.W. horiion. After midnight a few drops of rain fell; 'liit the weather cleared up again until 4 a.m., when there was a slight shower. Yesterday the weather continued fise d'iring the morning and afternoon, but i fromnoon the sky ,began to be overcast, and about 5 o'clock a good steady rain fell C and lasted for several hours. It is to be ioiped that this break in the weathoer'won't I peovn transibnt, as' itsvalue to farmers'~ nd graziers.is inestimable. ' ' 