the picnic to the victorian bowling team. (By Our Own Reporter). The complimentary outing at the Tugerah Lnkcp,'tendered to the Victorian bowlers by their friendi, the New Eoutb Wales bowlers, and seve ral gentlemen in Sydney, was brought to a happy and successful termination last evening, wnen the party were landed at tfie Circular Quay by the u s. invincible. The place chosen for the outing has been practically a terra incognita. Why it Bbonld be bo is inexplicable, taking in'o considera tion its beautiful scenery, its line climate, end its abundknee ot fhh and gatne. However, no v lhat thie splendid resort has become familiar to u»rr a score qf gentlemen, all lovore of sport, it may be expected that tne lakes will attract to its binks numbers of perBuus wishing to b-vc a few days' excellent sport, md rest f om hard nork. And- llnne b-kCB will b come tno e poiwlar anrenj city folks, 1 hen the rail av to Newcastle, which will pass witliiri four or five miles of the lal-es, ii compleioi Then hr.e cmi run down for a few dura, --nd in dulge jn grand pporqnt iittlo or no incp iveiiirec-. The pifuitceis pper.t the day cMellv in fiitiiug on jhe lakes, aod shooting on the neighbouring bills, and along the banks, of tho Ourimbuh Creek. Leaving the camp at Tumbt Urnbi immediately after sunrise, the bowlers — forming themselves in to parties of five or six— set out for the lakes for a few htrurs' fishing before breakfast, others prefer ring' to pass the interval in bringing down some game jin the woods bordering on the lakes. 'Thorojwas good fishing in the Lakes, solinapper being j he chief haul. A few Jew fish were also caught, the largest weighing nearly -1 5 lbs, and measuring H ftct long. Anothor one, apparently 7 feel long, was hooked, but after fruitless endea vours to land it, tho line had to be cut, In the way of game there wt-re any number of pelicans, blnck swans, ducks, nod flock of bronzed pi goons, and sl$o snipe, curlews, satin birds, and tcaL The country is a little scrubby, but with a syste matic course of shooting, it is oo difficult matter to get good bags. Returning to the camp for break- fast wjth sharp appetites, a hearty meal was p ir- tsken of aud then arrangements Iwere made for victualling „hc diifcreut boating and fishing par ties for the remainder of the day. At dusk a return! wa6 mad.- to ihe encampment for dinner, which jougbt more properly s;ieakiog to be desig- dilated (t bnnquct ; and, considering the numerous, difficulties under whieu the caterer, Mr 1". Cripp;, .and his assistants l.boured, thepicuieers sat do.vn to a splendid table, which was much appreciated by all Who group d Iheiu-elves round its festive board, | nnd a pleasant hour was spent in doing justico to the dishes, and recounting adventures nnd lycnts of lite dqy over tee .wine. . On the lost evening, M -riday, in camp, the sec retary) Mr T. Hinchclill'e, proposed the health of Mr IS) .0. : Holterinnnn, M.Pq in a felieitoia speech! He bore testimony to tho active nnd (willing. co-opcrat:on of that gentle man in making .; the visit to the camp at Tulnbi- Urnbi (Mr Ilolterminu's proptrty), pleasant and cnjoyaHo to all, -and in doing all lie possibly could to make the outing the most com- . plete success,— He said-that Mr-lloltormann WR9-a- colonist Of. whom everyone in, tha laud should lie proud.) An adjournment was made-aftor dihnortb"- tlie hdraestcad of Mr Taylor; close 'by the camp, and there a most delightful evening was spent by all. Assembled in the .sitting- room, bifore a blaz ing bush-fire, tho party laid themselves out lor. a gotd flight's entertainment, in which they were much jnssisted.hy Mrs Taylor and her husband. The entertainments ,wcro of the- best order — music, j singing; nnd .'recitations, Tho commit tee diqp'ayed grept judgment and discrimina tion in engaging a string band to accompmy the party in their, outing. After breakfas', ve--. tordny mornirg, the tents were struck and pre parations were mado fora return to the metropolis, but by a different and .more pleasant route than- the one travelled over from Gosford to the camp. The patty, alter patting all the luggage in reidl- ness to! be placed on the drays for transit to Gos- : ioid, set off for the lakes, where they embarked in boots — which, by-the-bye wero taken np specially on bullock waggons from Go3ford for the Tisitors. Emerging from tho end of the first of the ithree lakes, thoy wero pulled for five miles up one! of the most dolightful creeks — Ourimhab— that one could wish to gaze upon. . It has a mean ' depth of about eight feet for nearly -five miles, where jtho navigation is completely blocked by snags. I The scenery along the bank is very attractive, jind will- - well repay a ; visit; j Dis- erribarkiiig at the point whore , the navigation was irqpeded, tho piirty wore met-bv 'buggies arid ' horsbe,' which conveyed them into Gosford, by way of- Bluegum-flat and Narrer'rah creek, ' 'through pretty 1 and well wooded country. Lunch was served at Wnlmeriey's hotel, ami there, success arid ' prosperity was drunk' to' Mr Geirgi Anderson, who had "most courteously, and- kindly i furnished the pahies with buggies and: ho'rses -free .oL.nll. cost-. The trip rouud-to Sydpeyin (thc lnvinaible ' wns a ele gant one, and all regretted. that the grand outingjh (1 indcd so soon.., t 