<2Fr rmtb0. Warm? No—hot. Squashes. Sunshades. Leather lower. More black faies. Melting moments. Iced claret punch. How about boots ? Iced filtered water. How did you sleep ? Good-bye, Chapman, We've lost a Crumb. Hesperus minus a cook. Wait till summer comes. More attempted suicides. Cardinal Manning unwell. Iced water causes dyspepsia. Terrible bushfires at Singleton. Adelaide for Melbourne to-day. Wales going in for Land League. Welcome back, Mr. E. H. Bayer. Mr. Booth resembles J. B. Gough. Local-option tickets at a premium. South Australian Billy Bray dead. Signor Susini, the great basso, dead. Another mining accident in Victoria. Marchioness of Bute's father is dead. New South Wales lashing its larrikins. Albury District suffering from drought. Glenelg will soon know the time of day. London papers full of " Horrible London. Malagasies object to a French protectorate. Working Men's Club to be opened Monday. Mr. Booth comes to Australia to recuperate What's wrong with Port Railway Station. Captain Beach takes command next week. New Egyptian Ministry virtually Englishmen. Weather for kilts—what say you, Rose bery ? Railways Select Committee going to do a travel. Savages weeping over loss of one of their tribe. Mirage in Gulf yesterday—vessels topsyturvy. Filter your water or look out for tapeworms. Weather settled, but wheat market unsettled . Is Mr. Beck the ruddy-faced, rotund broker ? What's that fearful stench at the City Bridge ? Song of Fathers of City—" Wait a little longer !" Sad fatal drowning accident at North Carlton. Sub-Collector Baker started for the Murray. Chapman's last corooboree among the Savages. Grand trip among Sounds west coast New Zealand, When will Gregory's alleged forgeries come to an end ? Happy change of name from Morgan to Cameron. Young girl [drowned Kenny's Baths, Brighton. Viceregal inspection steamship Adelaide yesterday. Woodville State School going in for gymnastics. Is not "piece of drunken indecency" punishable ? Is health of any consequense to the City Councillors ? Sydney people agitating for bringing railways into city. Batsmen becoming too perfect, making cricket tedious. Crown Prince of Portugal has library of 40,000 volumes. Glenelg town clock arrived; generous gift of J layor King. Algeria produced siity million bushels of wheat last year. Several gun accidents recently; guns should be tested. P. & O. Co.'s passage-money last year reached £787,583. Shopboy wanted — wages according to quality (? quantity). Detectives say alleged outrage at Grange greatly exaggerated. The Venus of Milo not to be seen by visitors to Louvre for a year. Mr. Agg appointed one of Victorian Railway Commissioners. Rev. E. I. Watkin, President Victorian Wesleyan Conference. Australian Squadron to be strengthened by three more vessels. Influx South Australian steamers at Wentworth just day too late. Look out for electric light off Glenelg on board Adelaide to-night. Steamer Natal reached Aden two days before her contract time. 'I he bust of the late Bishop Short has a red streak down its nose! Chinese blocking up river with torpedoes to give French warm welcome. 2,119 patients admitted at the Adelaide Hospital last year; 174 deaths. Councillor Jenkins made peace with his brother Richmond Councillors. Many of the leading English football clubs won't have professional players. Register New Guinea Special been as far as Morrison went; now going east. Heroism—boy Moriarty trying save brother from drowning lost his own life. Smokers may take comfort. Dr. Kisslin" says nicotine in cigars is trifling. ° Rabbits to be exterminated now • two Inspectors to confer on " bunny." Commercial Bank London Directors—Barr Smith, John Beck, H. H. Turton. Town Clerk's Avenue does not smell like " spices borne on oriental winds."J Only two appeals against 1.151 assessments at Glenelg. Wonderful man, Soal. Marquis of Lome says political residuum of England fast leaving the country. We back Sir Arthur Blyth for muscular development at Hygienic Exhibition. Eleven ladies carried off honours recent Melbourne University examinations. " Progress and Poverty" Debating Society dubbed " Land Reform Association." Confederation of St. Lucia, St. Vincent, Tobago, and Grenada, is on the tapis. Sydney importers fearing alteration in tariff; paid £5,000 in duties yesterday. Average number daily Dassengers on Nairne railway 3,741. Who'd have thought it ? . Sun x-ises 5'3 a.m., sets 7.15 p.m. Moon rises 6.43^.m., and will set at 4.22 a.m. The'Antenil Steeplechase Society of Paris clears £40,000 a year from its race meetings. Erection of people's palace for recreation of poor of Easter London in contemplation. Richard Bishop's pint of beer cost him £5 and costs. He should interview Mr. Booth. Larrikins lashed in Sydney for brutally assaulting Chinaman—only effectual treatment. Mr. Booth has been by turns a factory hand, a farmer, a soldier, and an amateur actor. Earl Zetland's arrival at Port Pirie com memorated in champagne; Jlr. Booth to the rescue. Easy way parents get rid of their boys- Ask Magistrate send them to Industrial School. Loving example of Councillor Jenkins will lead Councillor !Mildred embrace Town Clerk Worsnop. if. de Lesseps, on opening a dynamite box, coolly remarked, " they treat me like a sovereign." The freight carried by the P. & O. Co.'s steamers last year amounted to over a million sterling. Mr. Booth says over a million persons have donned the blue ribbon in England. Who drinks whisky now ? Nearly forty newspapers in Calcutta—one half published in English, rest in various languages and dialects. The Woman's Right party in Washington Territory have got the word " male" struck out of all electoral laws. The skeleton of one of Noah's conteinporaries-who didn't get into the ark-has been found at Tilbury Fort. Richard Morgan, absconding Victoiim insolvent, going to have pleasant sail in the Hesperus, but was "nabbed." Hon. R. D, Ross, Hon. J. Crozicr, and Mr. Joseph Fisher intend trying merits steamship Adelaide first intercolonial trip. Taylor,'member for Mudgee, received 300 sovereigns fiom his constituents. Does he believe Jn payment of members? 