OMEO: Jan, 21, We had nice rain yesterday, whioh will, it is expeoted, have the effect of extinguishing the bush-fires that have been eo prevalent in this locality lately. Although rain is badly wanted it is not the best thing that could happen for the Qmeo farmers just now, as they are in the midst of getting in their harvest. The following true snake story wsb told me the other day: — Two men were proceeding from Tongio to Bindi, when they saw a large tiger snake on the bank of the river. The reptile presented an extraordinary appearanoe, being greatly swollen for about two feet down its body. Aft6r a sharp enoounter they suc ceeded in killing it, when they found a foot of. what appeared to be another snake hang ing eat of its month. On examination t his proved to be an eel about three feet lot'g. His snakeship had been fishing, aud ha d oaptured one too large for his digestive' organs. I have been asked if the Ladies' Branniot to be ran for at the next Omeo races is for local horses only." I am under the im pression that this was the intention of the framers of the programme. No doubt Mr Conghlan, the secretary, will set all donbt at rest on this appoint if applied to. The Surprise Prospering Association men report having sank their shaft 15ft. The reef still carrieB good gold, and is in tersected with bands of iron. They are still sinking. . I hear great complaints because nothing is being done to prevent the Omeo Lake from ui jriug up hi uliuwh every appearance Of doing. The water iB now that low that cattle, eto., refuse to drink it, and of coarse it is unfit for domestic nse. .Ths objection seems to be that if anything is done it will fall on a few to pay for it, those who are not directly interested failing to see why they should be asked to contribute. Surely this this not a broad - view to: take of the ques tion. The Omeo Lake is one of the.spots that made 'this district oelebrated for its scenery,' and' in keeping np the name of the; place as an ..inducement for tourists the visitors is of interest and importance to all. Besides, what will it cost? From what: I - can , learn, the amennt iB far more than compensated for. :by the benefits that . -will! aoprde .tOi.the distriot,. generally. : The.isth e;. j.?.! b-.sisT .fit! 01 Via ausiiM vi, 5 W» .Niivi .1 s ?t-l ; SrCiiwii of- the Local. Gwernmeut Act aliows shire omnctlB to provide reservoirs Uf to a coat ot £500, and I am of opinion that Alarg miijiriivuf the ratepayers of Omeo would willingly pay . their quota rather than sen what rii -nld be a splendid, sheet of. water tiirntiri into a fever-spreading bog.— Bairus- dule Advor'iser". 'correspondent. ' 