CRUMBS. Wheat low. Papers full of deaths. More attempted BuicideB. Cardinal Manning unwell. More fireB on Park Lands. Another comet turned up. January rejoices in hot days. Hot wind even in Tasmania. Iced water causes dyspepsia. Mills working night and day. German measles everywhere. Ex Mayor of Sandridge dead. Acetopathy—the perfect cure. Banjoewangie cable picked up. Goodwood aboriginals defunct. Melbourne's the place for heat. Terrible bushfires at Singleton. Port Adelaide looking cheerful. Local Option meeting crammed. Darling wool now coming down. Mountain retreats enquired for. Walesgoing in for Land League. More Darling woolbrought down, Welcome back, Mr. E. JET. Bayer. Mr. Booth resembles J. B. Gough. San Francisco mail at Wellington. Another victim to religious mania. South Australian Billy Bray dead. Sun-burnt volunteers on Saturday. Demand for labour exceedB supply. iirday. Volunteers under fire on Saturday. Mudgee shepherd roasted to death. T. Hudson is in luck's way after alL Deepening operations Port going on. Lady lightkeepers to be encouraged. Earl Bosebery is a splendid speaker. Fine art work out of Manoora stone. Signor Susini, the great basso, dead. Crops near Border Town looking AL Another mining accident in Victoria. Marchioness of Bute's father is dead. Churches thinly attended on Sunday. Brilliant meteor seen Saturday night. Bawker Railway Station burnt down. New South Wales lashing its larrikins. Fires in the country; don't need them. New Zealand loan tremendous Buccess. Graving-dock wanted atJPort Adelaide. Parkside tramway opened to Vine Inn. New comet seen at Blayney (? Blarney). Police furnished with military helmets. Albury District suffering from drought. Sydney Hospitals getting overcrowded. Schnapper Club initiated last Saturday. Is not result of debate just as you were 1 Fine shipment horses to West Australia. India wants frozen meat from Australia. Copper steady at £G6; when will it rise ? Norwood is going to have a Bicycle Club. Five shops destroyed by fire at Evnetou. Nubar Pasha the new Egyptian Premier. False Prophet's brothers-in-law captured. Goodwood to have the colony's destitute. Cape Banks has a young lady lightkeeper. Bad water on north-west travelling route. New Zealand earth-waves on the wallaby. French escapees reaching Queensland portB. The asphalt pavements are killing the trees. Banking relations of colonies rather mixed. Melbourne heat on Sundav[worse than ours. London papers full of " Horrible London." Malagasies object to a French protectorate. Mr. Booth comes to Australia to recuperate. What's wrong with Port Railway Station? New resident Port River—fine- lookingseaL Another parson in trouble over a marriage. Another death by drowning in the Torrens. Overdale captain's binocular wants rubbing up. The King of Abyssinia has taken to march tonnage in Port Adelaide 40,000 tone. New Egyptian Ministry virtually English men. Mr. Field, landlord of the Dublin Hotel dead. Volunteer force of Victoria begun to dis band. New Mayor of Sydney doing good sanitary work. Have you tasted Dr. Haggar's unfermented wine? Savages weeping over loss of one of their tribe. Hawker looking out for suitable candi Sydney streets to be paved with wooden cubes. Edwards's drapery store, Bnrra, destroyed by fire. Reuben Gill improvised his speeches in rhyme. Mr. Burgoyne a coming candidate for New castle. Railways Select Committee going to do a traveL Mirage in Gulf the other day—vessels topsy turvy. The Rhodes diamond as yet adorns no crown. „ . ... Sydney has a sewage rate of sixpence in the pound. . , .. * ^ Filter your water or look out for tape worms. Weather settled, but wheat market un settled. The Marquis of Bute is patron of ton livings. Burra people want railway eastward to the Border. China keeps friendly with all countries but France. Chinese virtually declared war against France. Adelaide took 111 passengers for Mel bourne. Fruit and grain crops damaged by heat in Hobart. August Creplin fatally snagged in River Murray. Large number of bona fide travellers on Sunday. Nock's Act received many a blessing on Sunday. Warwick brings out 500 emigrants to Sydney. Song of Fathers of City—"Wait a little longer 1" Great discovery gold in Madala Mine, StawelL Who is going to cackle at the new Debating Society ? Sad fatal drowning accident at North Carlton. Tenders for Victorian loan opened next Tuesday. Sub-Collector Baker started for the Murray. Excessive tea drinkers sigh after the im possible. Another shipment frozen meat reached England. frozen partridges and grouse ex Iberia from England. Grand trip among Sounds west coast New Zealand, Mudholia used up 3,757 tons road metal last year. How to make money—become a perennial Juryman. Happy change of name from Morgan to Cameron. Dr. Allworklleft Gawler for more work at Norwood. Young girl [drowned Kenny's Baths, Brighton. Earl of Rosebery spends 18 hours in South , Australia. An after-dinner reflection—the vines of Scripture. . . Some of Hudson's property stolen in India turned up. " Shipbrokers' ring attacked with prospect of success. Two big haystacks consumed by fire at Wallaroo. When will Gregory's alleged forgeries come to an end 1 The Norwoods have beaten the North Adelaides. Profits .of Fisheries Exhibition estimated at £30,000. " Wine beet" answers well for pickles and vegetables. Emperor Russia's shoulder wound inflicted by Nihilist. Sunday's heat solves question why do babies die ? Will Mr. J. B. Patterson be future Premier of Victoria? Woodville State School going in for gymnastics. News for the youngsters—Chiarini's Circus at Beltnore. Open verdict returned on Academy of Music fire. Vice-Chancellor Fletcher off to Melbourne and Sydney. Is health of any consequence to the City Councillors? Randwick Destitute Asylum wants en quiring into. Tuesday's receipts at Sydney Customs was £16,646. Thank you, Mr. Rosb, 'for discovering that other comet. Four-shilling dividend declared Scrym gour's estate. Academy of Music would make a - good Joseph Acres, old Portonian, deceased at 1 old good old age. Can we send a team of riflemen to Wimbledon? Totalizator Repeal Act to the front; two parties fined. Annual inspection lighthouses completed. Supplies out. Who grui the elephant ? mbles at paying sixpence to see There are hotter places than Adelaide after all. Hurrah! Two comets and a meteor. No wonder the weather's hot. More races next month. This time at Morphettville. _ Wonderful sights now in the sky—star gazers lookout. Canon Wilberforcehasformed Blue Ribbon Union In Paris. Egyptian garrison at Khartoum in muti flpus condition. Sydney people agitating for bringing rail ways into city. Crown Prince of Portugal has library of 40,000 volumes. Horses, poultry, dogs terribly distressed by abnormal heat. Gleneig town clock arrived; generous gift of Mayor King. Batsmen becoming too perfect, making cricket tedions. 4,000 diamonds for twelve months' work not bad return. Members for Sturt to have large increase of constituents. Dean of Hobart resigns, having accepted cure in London. Algeria produced sixty million bushels of wbeat last year. Winebeet wine as unsatisfactory as un fermented wine. Another Darling newspaper? Yes, Went icorth Advocate. Yonng grapeB burnt up; green gages wasted on trees. Mr. Archer, Queensland's Agent General, to be superseded. Several gun accidents recently; guns should be tested. P. & O. Co.'s passage-money last year reached £787,583. Port Adelaide lunatics batter their heads against the walls. No. 11 Beacon, Port River, on fire early on Monday morning. Death of Mr. Watts, Melbourne City Sur veyor, announced. Western Australia going in for immigra tion. Quite time. Remember it is not legal to get married with closed doors. Who will represent us at Amsterdam Medical Congress? Two steamers arrived at Morgan with 1,700 bales of wool. Steamer Suez safely negotiated Port River at dead low water. The Java eruption is responsible for a crop of prophets of evil. Wheat laden ship9 now sailing hence for European fturkets, Rare ceremony at Melbourne University— adjusting a quarrel. Mr. Tannert—your picture of Dr. Schom burek is admirable. Chinese making vigorous preparations for war against France. Volcanic sunsets have no w been seen nearly all round the globe. Bush fires still burning around Bathurst; doing lot of damage. Enough wheat booked for Port to supply all ships in harbour. Detectives say alleged outrage at Grange greatly exaggerated. The Venus of Milonot to be seen by visitors to Louvre for a year. Mr. Agg appointed one of Victorian Bail way Commissioners. W. L.Mackie committed for trial on charge Bank embezzlement. _ I Is it true places in city not visited by in- , spectors for 10 years? Italian brigands find it more 'profitable to play tbe band-organ. Both theatres devoted to nigger minstrelsy —unique occurrence. How was it 165° in the sun on Friday and only 162° on Sunday f Orient John Elder left Plymouth for Aus tralia on 11th instant. San Francisco Exhibition in 1887. This will collide with ours. Government talk erecting railway depot near Coalsbed Wharf. Rev. E. L Watkin, President Victorian Wesleyan Conference. Australian Squadron to be strengthened by three more vessels. Presbyterian ferment caused at Newstead by unfermented wine. Goldyield of Victoria last year, £781,726 ozs. What was ours 7 Our youngsters came off well at Moore Park. Dyer made 11L Chinese Ambassador gone from London to PariB. Is it for peace f Valetta, new P. & O. steamer, averaged sixteen knots trial trip. Irrigation at Boolcunda has produced 60 bushels wheat per acre. Rev. C. Strong reached Scotland; probably seek pulpit in Glasgow. Satisfactory trial of Bowman' stripper and winnower at Gladstone. Direct steam servioe arranged between London and Fremantle. Truth says Mrs. Langtry not coming to Australia. Is this trne t London contains (over tbree times more widows than widowers. Influx Sooth Australian steamers at Went worth just day too late. Over 400 members enrolled in Working Men's Club—good start. The Governor to working men—Go to your Gub on a washing day. When you bathe look out for " the spread ing arms of on octopus." Melbourne beat us by two degrees on Sun day in the shade. Fact Another team English cricketers coming to Australia next season. Salvation lasses at the Fort assist the Army with tambourines. Intercolonial cricket match with Victoria fixed for February 22-25. Several Victorian coursers likely visit next Buckland Park Meeting. Port Pirie cats feast on birds driven to shelter by Sunday's heat. « Why can't intercolonial Bankers under stand one another better? New Zealand bushmen's earth-waves swallow half their mates. One moneyed firm wanted to lend New Zealand a round million. Steamer Natal reached Aden two days before her contract time. Salvation Army Captain and his bride had their honeymoon spoiled. Current viceregal maxim—Women cannot do without the other sex. Bishop Barry to spend a few days in Ade laide en route to Sydney. Wagon-smash at Port Pirie. Farmers should look|out for trains. Bnrra wants two members, but wants choice of nine candidates. Organ-grinding pays in Birmingham; one cute fellow made fortune. Verdict of manslaughter against Captain Groat, of steamer Glenelg. Fall of earth Kong Meug claim killed one man and injured another. The bust of the late BiBhop Short haB a red streak down its nose! Northern Territory Land Company decided not to stock their country. Duke of Edinburgh taken to farming on extensive scale at Eastwell. Over quarter million bushels wheat deli vered at Port Pirie already. Diseases in hospital are now photographed; a smallpox patient objected. Government looking out for steamer for Northern Territory service. Railway from Narracoovte to Mount Gambier the next agitation. Mr. Goodchild, the well-known Kapunda auctioneer, joined majority. Looks as if Melbourne Woollen Mill Company is to be wound up. Kent Town children support boy and girl in Dr. Stephenson's " Home." Great illumination Apollo Candle Works, Footscray. Damages £12,000. Murray|traders, with goods at the Border, suffering great inconvenience. Grasshoppers made Colac train slippery and detained train two hours. Morality of Collingwoodlooking up; Sal vation Army done some good. The elections will be npon as Boon; there preliminary meetings already. Sir Saul Samuel looking ont for Superin tendent Sydney Fire Brigade. Chinese blocking up river with torpedoes to give French warm welcome. Carcase buried in Gawler River; pleasant for those who drink the water. Sir Henry Ayers filled Local Option chair with "grace" and "judgment." When Port Adelaide is united to the city it doesn't mean to look shabby. 2,119 jpatients admitted at the Adelaide Hospital last year; 174 deaths. Flogging of larrikins at Wooloomooloo should make the tribe tremble. Councillor Jenkins made peace with his brother Richmond Councillors. Country from Greeu Cape to Cape St. George seems one immense fire. Quite a mania just now for committing suicide. Is it the not weather 1 Mr. Mildren estimates his loss by Norwood fire at £1,000; insured for £500. Many of the leading English football clubs won't nave professional players. Rev. H. Bath, of Geeloug, President of Victorian Wesleyan Conference. Register New Guinea Special been as far as MoniBon went; now going east. Heroism—boy Moriarty trying save brother rom drowning lost his own life. from* „ Smokers may take comfort. Dr. Kissling says nicotine in cigars is trifling. Hundreds Young, Mingbool, Grey, and Monbulla now open for selection. Progress in Zoological Gardens—Rotunda and cockatoo-house to be erected. British Government resolved defend Egypt; decision reassured British public. Haggar's new brew has a head that rivals Simmae XXX. Don't believe it. Rabbits to be' exterminated now; two Inspectors to confer on " bunny." Shock of earthquake at Te Anau ; people bolted for the open earth—no, air. The Princess Alice's letters show her to have been a true and noble woman. Jardine Smith, well-known Argus loader writer, nnisnea ms contriDationB. Commercial Bank London Directors—Barr Smith, John Beck, H. H. Turton. Town Clerk's Avenue does not smell like " spices borne on oriental winds." Canon Green up to his pranks attain— " Head over Heels" at Port Elliot. TornadoeB, hurricanes, and bush fires walking round New South Wales. Robe has new lifeboat, but vessels re quiring its help must send aorew. Intercolonial Wine, Fruit, and Grain Show to be held in Melbourne in March. Only two appeals against 1,151 assessments at Glenelg. Wonderful man, SoaL First consignment of railway material for Border Railway arrived at Goolwa. Express railway trip between Melbourne and Sydney to be done in 18 hours. Steamer Aberfeldie, with English emigrants, sailed from Cape Town for Sydney. Emperor of Germany has declared against beer houBeB, but what about lager ? Fryingpan won the races on Saturday. Don't wonder, if weather like ours. The son of .the late Sir John O'Shanassy died suddenly near Thargomindah. Patriotic volunteer fined £2 for absenting himself from five consecutive drills. Marquis of Lorne says political residuum of England fast leaving the country. Eignty-four thousand followers of El Mahdi marching against Khartoum, Are the trees in King William-road to be sacrificed for want of a little water? Breakers at Newcastle too much for Peter O'Dowd, although a brave swimmer. Eleven ladies carried off honours recent Melbourne University examinations. His Excellency never knew a Club exclu sively for ladies a permanent success. " Progress and Poverty" Debating Society dubbed " Land Reform Association. Confederation of St Lucia, St Vincent Tobago, and Grenada, is on the tapis. Sorry prospect for New Zealand sheep, 200,000 to be frozen to death this year. Carlton State teacher fined 40s. for beat t ing a boy. Schoolmasters take heed! Electoral campaign will soon be npon us-" Bur^ogne has led on at Port Augusta. lumper's voice and strength Mr, Nicholson would carry all before Mm. The Widow and Orphan Fund of M.U. haa gained during past year £2,482 9s. lid. Man sentenced three years in irons in West Australia for burning a carriage. The recently consecrated Bishop of Sydney preached before the Queen on Sunday. Sydney importers fearing alteration in tariff; paid £5,000 in daties yesterday. The Governor will perform ceremony of presenting Dr. Schomhurgk's portrait. Average number daily passengers onNairne railway 3,741. Who'd nave thought it ? Shade neat in Adelaide on Sunday 110* ;*in Melbourne, 112*. Which is preferable ? French Government enconraging French to emigrate to New Caledonia. What for ? Too hot on Sunday for the North Adelaide dogs to howl at the perambulating band. Mr. Bonnsevell to working men—Eschew: politics. Alderman Richardson—Don't. _ Senonssij who covets Tripoli throne, joins El Mahdi in the conquest of the Soudan. Dr. CrokejArchbiehop of Cashel, probable successor to R.C. Archbishop of Sydney. Good crushing at Will Not Extended,' Gympie: 231 tons yielded 4,629 ozs. gold. Claud Hamilton to be lengthened 35 feet; work goes oat of colony for want of dock. New Zealand earthquake caused two-inch crack in stonework of a wooden chimney ! Rumoured New South Wales Government intend propose additional duty on spirits. Steamer Adelaide reached Hobson's Bay at 1.30 p.m. on Monday: greatly admired. Steamer Dnke of Westminster, wrecked Isle of Wight, floated and towed into pork Murray Convention terminates to-morrow ; Customs collectors hastening to the Border. Sunday's fierce heat didn't deprive North Adelaldeof its usual brazen tooting Mr. W. H. Bnndey a life member Yacht Club. May he live long to enjoy it. Our trio of cricketers returned with all their "Jflushm^honours thiok upon them." clears £40,000 a year from its race meetings. One hotel to every 450 people in South Aus-. tralia; 1 to every 200 in New South Wales. Erection of people's palace for recreation of poor of Eastern London in contemplation. At Sydney, Customs over £3,000 duty paid on tea, and £3.400 on leaf tobacco in one day, Maria LanBley, suffering from Salvation Army mania, drowned herself in waterhole. Jar vis feels two inches taller Bince the Argus's encomiums upon his wicket- keeping. Comet's position is JR.A.=23h. 3m.; D.—1° 33' N.; its nebulosity about 85" in diameter. Hottest day 1880, 113° in the shade; hottest day 1882,111*8° in the shade, 180° in the sun. Poor people admitted free of charge to the Zoo on Mondays, but chief attraction non est. Mr. T. R. AllinBon has solved the pro blem of living on sixpence a day in Lon don. Some days we live that do the work of gears; some hours there are that tinge a Dr. Durnford, Bishop of Chichester, oldest prelate in England, just completed his 81st year. Mr. Kerford, Attorney-General of Victoria, intends taking recruiting trip to New Zea land. Larrikins lashed in Sydney for brutally assaulting Chinaman—only effectual treat ment. Mr. Booth has been by turns a factory hand, a farmer, a soldier, and an amateur actor. The Maoris of the King County don't want railways, but the navvy goes ahead all the same. Brewers and wine merchants hurry up with yonr orders—Blue Ribbon Booth has come. Mr. Todd bad a peep at Pons Brooks onr Sunday night; but could not " tread on bis toil." Mr. Mueller, head teacher, Tanuuda school, promoted to Training College, Ade laide. Earl Rosebery took his farewell of Aus tralia in Adelaide—though last, not the least event. Marine Board not yet recovered from Canon Green's oastigation re " two bottles a mile." Cry of King "William-road trees—water,, water everywhere, with not a drop to drink. Earl Zetland's arrival at Port Pirie com memorated in champagne ; Mr. Booth to the rescue. Typhoid fever prevalent in Newcastle; lad water and deficient drainage alleged causes. . Bank South Australia given all its officers bonus five per cent, on their salaries. Bravo, a. .a. ocal optionieta ignore both human respon sibility and divine mercy—vide Mr. Ward's speech. ■Easy way parents get rid of their boys— Ask Magistrate send them to Industrial School. More new shops for Fort Adelaide—S. A. Company the projectors; Commercial-road the site, Eenrv Simpson, well-dressed man, com mitted for trial on two charges forging and uttering. Nizam of Hyderabad bought Simpson's safe at Calcutta Exhibition. What will he do with it ? The Town Clerk's Avenue after sunset should be shunned by all who want to breathe freBh air. Fire at Norwood Monday morning. Resi dents thought it warm enough without that auxiliary. Adelaide Oral rejoices in caretakers with expressive names; formerly Hide, now Chnckett. Marine Board found it warm on Sunday in Antechamber Bay — fortunately some liquor left. M. de Lesseps, on opening. a dynamite box, coolly remarked, " they treat me like a sovereign." Lord Ttosebery believes, contrary to Archi bald Forbes, that colonial loyalty will sur vive a war. Blacklegs and card Bharpers now patro nize transatlantic steamers to fleece innocent passengers. General Sir Frederick Haines, Commander of the Forces in India, iB enjoying a holiday in Australia. Manager Commercial Bank at Balliua shot himself. Causes of suicide, bad health and hot weather. Royal Geographical Society prefers dis patching scientific expedition New Guinea on own account. Hesperus sailed last week; fair complement passengers placed themselves under Captain Harryicare. Mrs. Elder has endowed a chair of naval architecture in Glasgow University with a Bum of £12,500. Progress, reform, and investigation, watch words of Queensland Government. What does last mean? The freight carried by the P. & 0\. Co.'s steamers last year amounted to over a million sterling. -Adelaide Steamship 'Company about to fiave new offices at the Fort in addition to a new steamer. One hundred and twenty-five thousand Sheep passed Overland Corner for Adelaide since AugnBt. The new Lord Mayor of London objects to turn out in state on Sundays to listen to charity sermons. Mr. Giblin, the eloquent Tasmaman Premier, .suggested establishment Working " i Club hi Hen's Club here. A stowaway roasted to a cinder was found lately between two of the boilers of the steamship Baltic. ' The Northern Pacific Railway Company are booming land monopolists; they nola forty million acres. The Lords, a London magazine containing articles written only by members aristocracy, coming out thiB year. Time-payment system does not seem to answer with sewing machines—vendors reap loss instead of profit. Mr. Booth says over a million persons have donned the blue ribbon in England. Who drinks whisky now? Sydney expects to do heavy business in Quarantining; quarters greatly improved, anticipation of ruBh. Mayor Hardie ordered demolition of 33 fcuildings in Sydney as unfit for human habi tation. Right move. Gympie and Maryborough cricketers are not likely to don tne blue ribbon after the late poisoning match. Cheer up, plain girls. Mr. Ruskin says well-bred, kind, and modest girls can never be " offensively plain." Three brewers, a wine and spirit merchant, and a water drinker took part in Working Hen's Club festivities. Nearly forty newspaoera iii Calcutta.—one half published in English, rest in various languages and dialectB. Mr. Ward quoted Scripture to such extent Tuesday nigbtthat impressed hearer suggested be should take a pulpit. Mr. Service's speech at Mayor's dinner to liord Rosebery telegraphed to French ■Government—What for ■ Mr. Kirkaldy, of London, presented Sydney Industrial Museum with a lot of Steel and iron specimens. The Woman's Right party in Washington Territory have got the word " male" struck ■out of all electoral laws. Atmosphere Narracoorte Mechanics' In stitute " disgustingly offensive" when Judge and Court officials there. Stuart's tree in Van Diemen's Gulf found, and the letters "J. M. D. S." are as plain as ivhen carved 21 years ago. An " old lady" who sold cigar lights in the Strand, London, haB been left £15,000 by her liusb&nd;, a retired lawyer. Captain Smith does not think Marine Soard Wardens should sit at enquiries in which they are interested. Monday His Excellency discharged the "agreeable and congenial duty" of declaring Working Men's Club open. Chinese Gordon would stop Soudan rebel lion by dispatching Turkish and Anglo Indian army against rebels. The skeleton of one of Noah's contem poraries—who didn't get into the ark—has been found at Tilbury Fort. Glasgow University won't have an R.C. Rector. The Marquis of Bute has been shunted off for Mr. Fawcett. "Gumsucker" suggests Exhibition Build ing could be erected for £100,000 instead in volving expenditure £400,000. The new army tunic is made with plaits, which on active service can be ripped open, thus rendering the coat loose. Richard Morgan, absoonding Victorian insolvent, going to have pleasant sail in the Hesperus, but was " nabbed." Mr. Whitaker, one of the Intercolonial Conference delegates, lecturing < "Annexation and Federation." Taylor, member for Mudgee, received 300 sovereigns fiom his constituents. Does he believe in payment of members? Employers should attend the Local Court On unsatisfied judgment summons days; any number of men there out of work. The destination of Dr. Bchomburgk's portrait is the Economic Museum, which has been such a hobby of the doctor's. Central Board of Health has no control over ventilation theatres, concert rooms, and public assembly rooms. Who has ? New President of Victorian Wesleyan Con ference reoommends union of all kinds of Methodists throughout Australasia. Boy, fifteen years old, sent to Industrial . School for speaking to his mother as if she were a dog. Impudent hoys beware 1 Earl of Rosebery almost persuaded t5 become an Australian, his memories of ■ colonies being so happy and delightful. There are from 2 to 6 i>er cent, more males horn than females, yet there are <3 per cent, more females in the living populations. Mr. Westgarth, as a step in right direction, otters £1,200 for essays on im yuovement of dwellings of London poor. Lame verdict on tire at Townsend's store, Franklin-street—'" Circumstances point very . suspiciously," and there the matter ends. A gun that will send a ball 4,000 feet in a second has been invented by Colonel Hope of the London Volunteer Artillery Brigade. The Church of England Temperance Society at home includes all the bishops, several thou sands of the clergy, and 432,672 members. A fine under Gaming Act for making . a wager in public too much for Isaac Lipman; "lie went and declared himself insolvent." The West Lancashire Railway Company .employ none but total-abstainers, and allow nothing but teetotal fare at its refreshment stalls. Newcastle Borough Council £14,500 in -debt and want New South Wales Govern ment to lend them £20,000. Wouldn't they like it? / Baron Nordenskjold contemplating voyage to the South Pole in 1885. This expedition will cost £200,000, as ships of special type .bos to be built. A Hindmarsh " Brick" complains that a cricket ball finds its way into his dwelling occasionally, especially when certain bats \- men handle the bat. Destitute Asylum Commission consider Section 2,082, Goodwood, most suitable site for new Destitute Asylnm; Mr. Haines loyally sticks to Teatree Golly, Lord Salisbury, owner of London rookeries, . suggests they should be bought up. Thomp son Yates suggests, instead, that owners should be punished rather than be paid. Imperial Government still paying pension to widow of officer in navy who was killed at Trafalgar seventy-eight years ago. This ex- I ceeds the length of J adge Cooper's pension. An Irishman asked a bootmaker for a pair ! \- Of No. 14 boots. The bootmaker said he didn't keep such large sizes as that. " Faix, then, give me two pairs of sevens," was the , rejoinder. An Austrian lieutenant has invented a torpedo that will pulverise an entire regi ment. A score or two would effectively dis pose of John Bull, and then Ireland would be .free—and happy. A minister in the south of England declares that the sewing-machine has not supplanted the spinning-wheel in his parish, and that < homespun linen is as much in use there now as the days of Queen Bess. There ore in the United States 75 lawyers, 165 preachers, 2,432 physicians, 2,902 barbers, 13,181 musicians, 288 ragpickers, 288 jour nalists, 320 authors, 154,375 teachers, 52,093 tailors, 3,546 printers—all of whom are females. Four years in succession trees have been planted in front of Coglin's Garden, City road. For want of timely attention they soon die off, and then mulching and watering commences, and the ground is ready for another year. The Commissioner of one of the other colo nies was too dignified to sell a set of harness, and so the one from the little country of England got the sale. By the way, how was it South Australia could not furnish the Baboo with a set of harness ? British India has 22 cities with a popula tion of over 100,000 ; 62 with upwards of 50,000; Calcutta, its capital, contains 866,000 ; and its towns of 20,000 and upwards are numbered by the hundred. It totals some fifty millions more people than the whole of Europe west of the Vistula, and yet all these myriads are our fellow-subjects. Land League nm Wales.—In^North Times) has-been begun witli trviewto the formation of a Land League similar to that' adopted in Iniand. Miss Helen Taylor is fanning the agitation in one part of the prin cipality, and speaking at Bala, where Sir Watkin Williams Wynn owns a large estate, she declared " that the land should be the property of the natives, not of the few who monopolize it." In Flintshire one or two branches of the League have already been started. In South Wales the movement has also taken root, and in Cardiganshire and Carmarthenshire the question is attracting considerable attention. A Wealthy Smuggler.—The following is from the St. James's GazetteRich Americans, when they return from a visit to Europe, almost invariably carry home with them a considerable quantity of duti able goods; and some of these importers endeavour to smuggle their purchases through the New York Custom House. The result is not always _ successful, but the Customs House examiners do not often land so fine a fish as they managed to catch the other day in the person of Mr. James A. Donohue, a wealthy banker of San Francisco. He was accompanied by his wife, two children, and twenty-seven trunks, and ere leaving the Servia he made a sworn statement that the only excisable articles in his posses sion were a few small pictures which lie had bought in Rome. Trunk No. 15, however, proved to be nearly full of valuable silks and laces, and other packages were found to contain enough silk hose, satin, silk under vestB, velvet dresses, and ribbonB to stock a small shop. In addition to these things Mr. Donohue had with him several thousand ounces of silver plate, some of it being obviously suited only for ecclesiastical use, a dozen shawls, eleven parasols, and more than 100 cakes of highly-scented French soap. He plaintively declared that all the clothing had been worn, that all the plate was old family property, and that the soap was for the necessities of his own household; but the authorities distrusted these state ments, and confiscated about £2,000 worth of goods, leaving Mr. Donohue to bring, if he J chose, an action for unlawful seizure. The Growth of Minnesota—A genera tion ago the great valley of the Upper Mis sissippi was described in the maps as an unknown region inhabited by Indians and buffaloes. The territory of Minnesota was only organized in 1849, and its capital was fixed at St. Paul, a place then very insigni ficant. Minnesota is an Indian name of Sioux origin. The total area of the State is 83,530 square miles. Dense woods occupy 5,000 square miles, and there is an immense pine region in the north-east covering 21,000 J square miles; then there are no fewer than I 8G0 lakes, which cover, with the streams, 3,843 square miles, leaving 53.GS7 square miles orginally open to farming lands. The first J habitation in St. Paul was a log shanty, ] erected in 1838 by a Canadian traveller, who, having no other way of advertising, chalked upon the door, "Importer and wholesale and retail dealer in whisky." Other settlers and squattcrB soon arrived, and the place began to " boom." The name of St. Paul was given to Ihe city by the Rev. Father Galtier, a French Roman Catholic priest, who, in 1841, secured the_erection of the little chapel of St. Paul, which was dedicated by that name. This little log chapel was taken down in 185G, the logs andpieces being all marked, numbered, and laid by, with the intention on the part of the conservators of .rebuilding this in teresting historical structure at a future time —probably when the city celebrates its cen tennial anniversary- In 1845 there were thirty families in and about St. Paul, and in the winter of 1848-9 the mails were carried over the vast reaches of snow on a dog sledge, but they were so few and far between that the inhabitants did not get the news of General Taylor's election until January. In 1849 the whole pox>ulation of Minnesota did not exceed 1,000, and there were but thirty buildings in St. Paul. But the growth since that time has been magical. Upwards oi a year ago the population of the city was esti mated at 70,000, and now it is not less than 95,000, The valuation of its real and per sonal property is over $65,000,000, as against 829,000,000 three years ago. The increase in the wholesale trade of 1882 over 1881 was $20,872,495. The wholesale grocery trade alone in 1881 was $5,350,000, but in 1882 it had leaped to $13,533,000. The lumber trade in 1881 was $1,348,000, but in 1882 it amounted to $3,439,622. The capital of the National Banks, which was $2,200,000 in 1882. has been increased to $4,700,000, with a surplus of $870,431; and, in addition, the city has $700,000 in capital stock of State Bonks, making the aggregate capital of the city $6,270,421. There were eighty-two plats, or additions, placed upon record in 1882, representing a total of 7,990 lots, and, during the same period, 3,000 buildings were erected within the city limits, and 4,497 transfers of real property were recorded, representing a money value of $9,374,842. The real estate market is exceedingly active, and a monster hotel is to be built at a cost of $1,000,000, and covering 75,000 square feet of ground. A handsome Chamber of Commerce and a High School building are also being erected. St. Paul is the great commercial centre of the I new North-West, and this will largely ac count for her rapid growth. 