ESSAYS, SKETcJES, §-c. [Us~anen d howling we prap??e eees.iornlty Icserting contri it from persoanot on thie ts of ia ape. C'hey amI sn ii rasaeing kIetl or poeeml nterds,o and deal only th en?nrrl nqeln Then tee- a ?ittl e eu set cnaystbnch the pear:Tlys ri anti r Lye m? prpely, and will be abjeti to roi.?en oe rejeitio. , SKiETCIES OF FOREIGN TAVEL.--FIO03 S ST. MIALO TO PARIS. ,e~rfame-ladenir ':oor.?as. . lina-i?in ;tlio. springtide of- 18ti that a friend, whom I shall call Clive, induced me totake' ir holiday ramble on the continent. it came about in this wise. Olive and I hail worked hard during the dreary English winter, with its sleet and snow and channel mists antd when the first: snnshiny days of early: spring returned we felt a longing almost akin to home-sickness for the sunny sliores, the cloudless skies, and the warm perfume-laden air of our far-off Australian native land. We felt that we deserved and required .a holiday, and not being able to extend our travels so far as Australia deter mined to'go to Jersey, which had been de scribed to us as one of the most delightful resorts for holiday seekers. When, there fore, the showers of April were making the London streets slippery and slushy, and the country beyond the great metropolis fra grant and green, when fashionable society began to return to the West End and the parks, and when the bouquets of flower girls were yellow with primroses or purple with: violets, we packed our modest port manteaus, locked our desks, and taking the train for Weymouth embarked thence for Jersey. We found that we had made a mistake n going- to Jersey at this time of the year. The idyllic beauty. of that island must be seen during the warm summer days to be thoroughly appreciated. In' early spring the channel:moisture hangs too much about those low level shores to make out-of-door exercise pleasant. The hedges are drip ping, 'tlio lanes 'muddy, the meadows swampy, and the ocean rolls upon the wet sand in sullen grey waves, so that an irre pressible feeling of despondency creeps over the unemployed holiday-seeker, causing him to ask himself what on earth he is doing there. It was thus also with Clive and myself,- and after a few days spent in rambling across the damp pastures, through the lonely wet lanes, and along the rocky coast, we began to think of going some here else - the question was, whither? One afternoon as we were loitering rather disconsolately " by the sad sea waves," Clive, whod had been smoking in an sn nsually abstracted manner, suddenly flung hiscigars away and exclaimed triumphantly -' Eureka! I have it - Instead of iast iuGe our time in this lonely island, gaziug .moodily ast sea and sky like two political refugees,.we.will take the steamer for- St. Male to-morrow morning, and start on a raminbl on ithe continent. We will first. direct our journey to Paris. There we will take a peep at the Exhibition which has just been opened, and after spending a few days in;tho;egayest, and fairest capital in the world? will either extend our tour into Germany or return to" England and stern adutycas dircumstances may direct us." rlio?e iSa most, energetic fellow, and .when hl: makes any proposition I feel cer tain that I .will have to follow suit whether I.,like; it or not.. I was, however, slightly shi narli?l at'what . considerel., rather an autdacious idea, and accordingly ventured on a mild remonstrance. . - SIt is a capital idea," I said,; " but, my dear fellow-; I am afraid oar, purses will hardly permit suh in a piece of setrava-. Extravaganee--humbug," replied my friend with more energy than r politeness; "it all depends upon hon w things are managed.. Instead of travelling in the usual, style ofEnglish travellers we will arrange everything: in an economical manner. i'e will travel second-class, and even e thirdclass if necessary, avoid the fishionable and expensive hotels, dispense Sith the services of guides and guide-books, han if we require any information en deavour to extract it from some respectable lookings fellow-traveller, or trust to chance to guide s. In this manner we shall not only: act in the interests of our pures, but also avoid being bored by aristocratic hotel keepers ando fellow- passengers, and gain a better insight of the natural characteristics of the foreign countries and people whom we intend visiting." My friend paused to take breath, and sur veyed me to see what impresion his elo quence had 'made on me ;· but as I made no recspone, being occupied i considering the pros and cons of this journey, he continued to unfold hiss plans. ''As I am of a practical turn of mind I shall-const?tute 'mvelf honorary treasurer and secretary that is, I shall regulate our expenses, keep the account-s and jot down the' notes of our travels, so that you may be -"able to make use of them on our return. As for you, old boy, being such an excellent linguist, yon will easily manage mattern .with the custom- house officers, hotel keepers, and other bores, and amuse your self with getting the necessary information from the respectable fellow-travellers before mentioned." "It secms to me tian I anm to nact as a sort of coturier to yasr royal highness," I replied :but I was already quite preparei to fall in with ino frien's l:u no and b noonu on the foilowinsg day wo had left the shores of Jersey anu were apprioachi the nith harbur of St. Mal!o. The dosuaniers were alreasdy on the lookout in their faded -een costs and golden-tressed caps, annd bsfore our fteaminer lad quite touched, the quay they had ileapt nimbly on board, ani were sur veyin,s the passencsrs with experienced eyes. Seeiug tihat wre had our portatanteaus open and readv for insnpction the- were very polite, only" throwiag a passing glance at the contents, anu thnu with a bow and "c'est hieU, M[essieurs, - tnrneu d their at teintion to the oilier luggage. As we had a few hours to spare before takiiig the taiu nwhich was to coniey- us to, _Rennes, where we instended stia-sng' tac night, we strolled leisurely into tie town, and entering it through a d.irk ar-hway found ourselves in a sp cions sin-ire, which was frill of soldiers. These waortlies w-ore the loose reel panutaloons, white b ols, -nd bluo coats, which give thi Frenchi soldiers so theatrical in appeearasnce to Euilis-h eyes. They were lounginig ilboiat smeslii;g a uld chattering, and one of them noticing us, -i wa stared about us with the unmist :ktly Sunfamiliar gaie of strangers, made s-ay for us with a b:oad grin and a mockin' "boa plaisir, Messieurs.' I thanked him for his good wishes, and on Clive asking uneasily what that masquerading fellow had said, gave him a rather free tranuslation of the Frenchman's words, the meaning of wilich I took to be, sub auditum, " does your mother know you're out ? "Confound his impudence," said my energetic friend, and lie looked so pugilistic that I hastened to draw his attention to another quarter, fearing a scene with the soldiers, who indeed looked the very in carnation of mischief and frolic. A group of people were gathered round some travelling musicians, whom I took to be Germns by their dress and appearance. They consisted of ia big fair-haired man, with a long beard; a young fellow, evidently his son, with the beard in an early stage of downy development; and three girls, of whom the eldest might have been sixteen. The men wore shabby green coats, with Tyrolese hats; the girls were bareheaded. their thick fair hair neatly plaited and fastened at the back of the head with a wooden arrow. The father and son played cornopians,and the girls flutes and tflageolets. They were playing a German air with much precision and sweetness of rendering, and when they had finished the eldest girl came towards as to collect mony. Her face was: sunburnt but comely, and there was an ex pression of honest frankness in her blue eyes quite free from eofront'ry, which won her my favor. Drawing out a franc (only 92d. in English money, but a considerable I sum according to French ideas), I said in German, "I have no small money." " I can give you change," she replied in the same language, and I immediately placed the silver coin in her brown hand. and awaited the result. I must confess I had a faint suspicion that she would disappear with the franc, but after going round col lecting among the other people she returned and poured a handful of small coin into my outstretched palm. " She has given you a great deal more than a franc's worth," said Clive, who had I been watching the proceedings with much interest; but I knew that it was all right, and selecting several of the smaller coins presented them to the young artiste, who appeared quite satisfied with the donation, and with a curtsey and a "Danke schon" (thank you) rejoined her company. " Most extraordinary girl," said Clive; " most remarkable instance of honesty and generosity. But I feel sure youn have taken a mean advantage of her. Do me the favor to count the change she has given you, for Ifeel convinced she has given you double :what your franc was worth." SSuppose we leave business for to- night ? " I replied, and explore the town at present, and in order to put your mind at rest allow me to remind you that a franc is worth 100 centimes." Leaving the square, we turned into one of the many narrow streets which diverged from this central place into the town, and finding ourselves a: the foot of a steep flight of stone steps we ascended them in hopes of ganiing some elevated lookout whence we might survey St. Mol and its surroundings. We were not disappointed, for when we had ascended to the top of this rather trying staircase, we found that we had reashed a walk on the fortress walls which led round the ancient city, and cornm manded a fine bird 's-eye-view of the tall dark houses, their black roofs frequently touching the roofs of the houses across the narrow tortuous streets, of the blue sea with its foam- capped waves dashing against the rocky ramparts of the coast, and of the level green country around with .ite white villages and budding orchards. ,The fine old Gothic cathedral rose above the time stained buildings of the town, the very emblem of mother church watching care fully, regardless of time and change, over the children committed to her care. To the right the breakers were leaping " with their broad-flung shipwrecking roar" against a rocky island, whereon we distinguished something like a tomb, and while we were still disputing the point whether the myste rious something were a grave or a monu ment, a voice behind us said in French, "Yonder is the tomb of Chateaubriand." We turned round sharply, and beheld an old man in a long blue coat, a stunt stick in his hand. He raised his broad hat from his flowing white hair, and bowing with the grace of a finished courtier, repeated his piece of gratuitous information. I thanked him for his attention, and the old fellow was so pleased to find some strangers eager to gain what information they could respect ing the town, that he accompanied us on our walk round the fortress walls, pointing out whatever he thought might interest us. He was particularly anxious to impress on us the fact that St. Malo was the birthplace of Chateaubriand, and that the great author of " Le Gdnie du Christianisme" was born in the hotel de ville, or town hall, which was formerly the residence of the poet's family. Our amiable guide informed us \- that Chateaubriaud, after many years spent in the wilds of America. and after wander ing through many lands, had returned to his native town, and, as the old man aidded with a dramatic sweeping gesture of his right arm and stick, " Yonder is tie tomb of ChateaubriaUnd. gentlemen-yuonder lies buried the poet of St. 3Ma!o." When we bade our kind companion fare well he told us not to omit visiting the cathedral, and to take a stroll on the public promenade, which was distinguishable by its regularly planted trees just putting uforh tieiir light green leaves. We promised to act according to his instructions, and de seending from the fortress walls reourneud to the dark streets and easily found our way tos the cathedial. This fine old butiding was werll visited by worshippers, chienfly women, weariug the becoming white cap pecuIliar to the women of Normnandy andi Brit3tany; they knelt motionless like statiutes on low, cane-bottomed chairs, Oplo-site' some brightly-decorated little altar, or sat on the stone steps counting the beads of thi-ir rosaries and glancing ftrtirely at us a- we passed. We lingerel for some' time amid the dim, mysterious aisles, ulooking up at the tall columus supportiing the dark, solemn dome; we paused before same oil paintings, darkened with age, rvainly eu deavouring to understand what they repreL sented; we feasted our eyes on the rich c louring of tihe staiued-glass windows, through which the sunlight shed dim, Sroseate and ipurple rays, and then, reienm bering that time and tide wait for no man, and that we hald just a quarter of an lhour left to nwalk through the promenade bhfore turning our steps to the station to meet the train, we left the cathedral to its silent devotees and returned to bright sunlight anud everyday life. We foJud the promenade to consist of a line avenue, where the population of St. 3Ialo was represented by bonncs (nurse maids), soldiers, and infants. The nurse maids, in black dresses, white starched caps and collars and coquettish white aprons, flirted with the soldiers; the soldiers re sponded with smiriks and smiles and voluble French compliments, and the rising hope of the city occupied itself with making mud-pies, to the serious detriment of its delicate muslin frocks and satin shoes. A; five o'clock we were seated in a third class railway-carriage, which we found correspondel pretty well with our Australian second-class, being composed of wooden seats arranged in rows in large saloon carriages, with a low wooden partition through the middle. WSe were nearly alone and had plenty of time to survey the low lying fertile country of lower Brittany (la ,-: PIrda ,'s,, through which we were being whirled along. We passed green pastures with tall hedgerows just bursting into leaf. purple- furrowed fields, quiet, shady lanes, cosy villages, their gardens fragrant with lilacs in full bloom; and so the hours slipped by until, as we ap proached RPunes, our carriage began to fill, and soon we were pretty tightly packed. Blooming country lasses, with immense bouquets of lilacs, and good- humoured sun browned umen in blue blouses, formed the greater part of our fellow-travellers. One lively damsel fiuding that she had very little room on her side of the carriage, sprang lightly over the partition which separated her from us, and with many blushes and "pardon, Messieurs," squeezed herself in between Clive and a short old gentleman in a white waistcoat and tall black hat. This youong woman was also provided with a gigantic bouquet, and being unable to sit still for a minute, was continually pricking her fingers with some thorns hidden among her flowers. She cried, " O. it pricks," about twenty times in five minutes, after which she was seized with a fit of laughter anut choking. which dangerous condition necessitated much patting and many paternally tender remarks from the stout old gentleman. Everybioy seemed in the best of spirits, and lively sallies and re partees were kept up continually, but although the good folks stared rather hard at us afirst, they were too naturally polite to indulge in any witticisms at our expense, as I had feared they might do, English travel lers being rather an unusual phenomenon in a third-class French railway carriage. The lively young person who had wedged herself in between Clive and the elderly gentleman persisted in addiressing my friend with voluble French interrogative, to which he responded coolly with polite English monosyllables. His answers were as unin telligible to her as her own questions were to him, nevertheless they both seemed to enjoy this novel way of conversing so much that I did not feel called upon to act as interpreter, and turned my attention to the stout gentleman, who suppliedi me with the required information, respecting a quiet and respectable hotel at Rennes. Thus we journeyed on while night dropped slowly down over the landscape, and the bright sparks flashing past from the engine brought to our mind the fireflies which gleam through the dark scrub in the gullies of our Australian home. At half-past eight we saw the twinkling lights of Rennes, and a few moments later the train rushed into the station. and we prepared to leave the carriage and to seek our lodging and supper for the night. The moon had risen when we left the station and took our way into the town along a fine avenue of lime-trees. Rennes, which nwas formerly the capital of Brittany, and is now the chief town of the department of Ille- ilaine, is divided into two parts, the lower and the upper town. We saw only the part called the upper town, which. seen by the soft light of the full moon. presented rife appearance of a flue. well-built city with broad streets. beautiful promenades, and handsome buildings. Lower Rennes, we were told, is badly built and gloomy, situa!ed on the left bank of the Vilaine, and subject to freqtuen inundations. We would have liked to visit this poor step-sister of the proud, handsome, Upper Rennes, but we had no time to spare, so we contented our selves with gazing across the fine bridge which connects the two towns, and where a few melancholy lights twinkling across the water indicated the houses of that part of Rennes which seems to be "down in the world" in every respect. We found the hotel (Hotel Pires, which our stout compagnon de voyage had recom mended to us, to be all that could be desired, being clean and comfortable and wonderfully cheap to our English notions. And here I mast rake the opportunity of stating once for all that my friend Clive, although so practical a personage, is not at all to be trusted with keeping a dias-. His not-s were few and far between, and he omitedi entirely to keep an account of our tr'avelhn- excpenses, so that I was cruelly deceived in the hopes I had entertainel of providing ahose desirous of travelling by the same route with important information re garding ho-el bills, &:. Clive says it was a holiday tour, and that as we had been work ing all the winter in the interest of the gener-l public, we were at 'bertv to enjoy ourselves wi:honut considering other people; but I like to be of use :o humanity in general. However, it is too ]ate to -"rumoble now, and I only hope this eplana ion will sar-c to e-cuse any omissioos and mistakes that may oscur, as I have to works up my subject from those fragmentary notEs of hi-s. H-ving- ease-d mnmd by giving Clive a rub in this manner, I will proceed with my sors. iWe found the propri- etress of the ho -l. the wt-dow Pire, seated behind a small desk' in a little olice with a miniature win dos overslookig the street. She was a bhuos ii:'e -womna with a face lite a well keptn winter apple, and a clean white cap showing off her brown comple'ion and dark hair to full advantage. She ap Seareicharaied to see us, indee shereeivedt us with a cordiali.v which male us imagine or a moment that weC must have met her before. However, we soon saw that it was only her usual. manner, as she tronted all her custmners wvith the same charmaiag cor diality. We were shewn into a large bed room in the upper story. The floor was very clean ,nad entirely bare of carpers ; the beds were draped with snow-white curtains, but the windows, alas! commanded only a view of stables and backyards. On descend ing to the dining room we found a long table laid. at which however there sat only several men, wearing the usual blue blouse of the French working man, and a young pale-faced priest in a long black gown and broad hat, accompanied by a beautiful little boy of about five years of age with most wonderful brown eyes. We partook of what was styled " a little dinner," consist ing of soup, meat. and a dessert of biscuits and cider; bread was given in free of charge. After finuishing our repast we strolled through the town, and after duly admiring the fine churches and public buildings, which threw long dark shadows on the moonlit streets, returned to Hotel Pire and retired to rest. Early on the following morning we left Rennes. and thundered across Upper Brit tany, a fertile, blooming land, with seat tered unromantic villages, chiefly remark able for the finely pointed spires of their church steeples. Our fellow-passengers consisted of respectable country folks who stared very hard at us, and becoming bolder as the hours flew on, ventured many ques tions as to our nationality and the destina tion of our journey. I endeavoured to ex plain to these good folks that we were Aus tralians, residing in England for several years past, and travelling at present for a holiday tour, bound to Paris to see the Ex hibition. I might as well have said that we came from the moon. Most of these simple minded people had evidently never heard of Australia, and those who had, imagined it to be part of Africa, and appeared to disbe lieve our being natives of so uncivilised and remote a country. One old weather-beaten dame, wearing an immense white cap, was particularly inquisitive. She first addressed Clive, who answered by shaking his head resolutely and pointing to me. Upon this the old lady gave it as her opinion that the gentleman was a rich eccentric Englishman evidently deaf and dumb, and that I was his valet. As to my story of our being Austra lians or Africans, why that was the pure in vention of a valet's brain; everybody knew that the natives of those hot countries were as black as a priest's gown, and were we not as white as any European ? A stout jovial-looking soldier now entered the car riage, and taking a seat beside us, began at once to oeun a conversation. He was most communicative about himself, informing me that he was the son of a widow at Lyons, that he had a great many sisters, that he liked being a solder immensely, but would not care to see active service, and that he bore an excellent character in his company for gooe-humour and good-nature. Having wound up his confdential conversation by producing a folded piece of paper, which he explained was a testimonial from his supe rior officer, he seemed to expect that I would return his confidence in like manner, and began to ask innumerable questions con cerning Clive and myself. When I told him that we were Australians he stared at us in undisguised amazement, and after a momentary silence. came out with the usual remark, " But-monsieur will forgive me for saving so-the natives of Australia-no offence meant-are quite black, and mon sieur and his friend are fair-very fair indeed." I informed him that having resided in England for several years past the extreme coldness of that climate had bleached our naturally dark skins, so that we were now as white as Europeans. The honest soldier opened mouth and eyes to their fullest extent at this news, and fell into silent musings over this strange freak of nature, until at length the effort of thinking exhausted him to such a degree that he gradually dozed off and snored loudly for the rest of the journey. The novelty of our appearance having gradually worn off, we were left in peace to gaze out upon the quiet spring-like land scape, dotted with small towns and villages, and to wonder at the strange - looking figures which we noticed every quarter of a mile along the railway line, and which we took at first to be a kind of scarecrow until we discovered them to be women in black son -wester hats and dark petticoats, each holding a red stick in her hand to indicate that the line was clear. Towards evening the villages were almost entirely superseded by towns, and at length as our train stopped a few minutes on a somewhat elevated station, we beheld down in the plain below the myriad shining lights of an immense city-the lights of Paris. I shook Clive, who was sleeping tranquilly I in a corner, and told him to wake up and look out of the window. Hestartedup, rubbing his eves, and growled out a sleepy remonstrance, " What on earth's the matter ? Can't you leave a fellow alone? I was having the jolliest fly after a big kangaroo, and was just coming up with the dogs when you spoilt all the fun by rousing me up in that manner. What in the name of follyis up ? Has the train run off the line ? " " No, my dear fellow," I replied meekly ; b" ut here's Paris. Look out yonder." Clive thrust his head out of the window, and drew it back in disgust. "I don't see anything except a lot of ights like a big bush-fire. Paris at night is just like any other large town. You might have let me have my dream out." He settled himself comfortably in his corner again~-the prosaic fellow, to think of sleeping when Paris was so near! I continued to look out of the window and to gaze at those distant lights, and unconsciously the words of the poet Heine came to my mind; that poet who after living so many years in the wonderful city, describes it in these cynical words: "Beautifuil, laughing, dancing Paris; the purgatory of angels, the paradise of demors." "How's ver comb' on in your new place ?" asked Uncle Mlose of Gabe Snodgrass, who had recently accepted a position as porter in an Austin hardware store. "Ise notcomiu' on very fine Cocle Mose. De boss to!le me somefin dis mornia," and if he don't take it back he gwinter lose me, shuah ver born." "What did he tale ver ?' "He tole me ter consider myself discharged." After a man has been moving heaven and e-arth to get a job, and finally succeeds, it is soothing to his feelings to learn by the papers that he has " accepted a position." The small boy who hangs round the parlour and makes faces at his sister's beau should be punished for contempt of court. 