THE LION AND THE MOUSE. The episode in the history of Victoria which has just been enacted, in the offer of euc Agent-General, Mr R. Murray Shuts, to give the British Government the xt83 ofihe Victorian gun-boats and torp edffl launch, in the attempt to relieve .the J i&Jaagared; garrisons in the Sondan, Inevi iafely 'brings to mind the fable of the Ii. is and the mouse. No doubt the liny 1 wribnial men-of-war would look terribb r unsignificant beside the admirals amp m hub narnor or roaas of anakim - feut the aid they might .possibly give in Bach an emergency is not to be measured ky mere eise, and might, indeed, be of Ihe ntmo sf importance in very critical S&oment.; Sinkat has already fallen, and Ub evacnat ico was followed by such a mas sacre not 0 nly of the retreating garrison, but of worn lea and .children, as calls to Heaven for vengeance 5 bnt there are other towns, Bearer the coast, now in- Tested by th e victorious and ferocious feordes of the Madhi, to which the Glax»- Bvnvv jfimiinflRf KQB hoan W— » U>U WWWM « ACUgltfc: eompellcd by popular indignation to send Some real assistance. The attempt to relieve Sinkat with & handful of Egyp tian fellaheen — it would be a disgrace to the name to call them soldiers — was neither more nor less than driving lambs to the slaughter. That was bad enough, but, unfortunately, it also involved the Iosb of many valuable lives of British »fficers, newspaper correspondents and ethers, v.'Ho have not yet been accounted for. Biker Pasha himself, Colonel Vandf.leur and other distinguished English soldiers escaped the same fate only by a miracle, and the first-named entered on the: expedition in obedience to the call of his master, the Khedive, bat with such a protest as to its folly and temerity, as conld leave no donbt as to its ultimate fate. Mr Donovan, also, one of those intrepid newspaper men who are nowadays always to be heard Bf from wherever the danger is greatest, and the fire hottest, has left, together with » touching presentiment of his own probal Ij approaching doom, written shortly befoie the r.ttack upon the relieving force, a terrible picture of the material upon which they bad to depend to resist snch soldiers «s the horsemen of the desert. Baker Pasha, formerly known in the British army as Colonel Valentine Baker, has been exposed to a disaster which, however certain from the first, will, for a time at all events, dim a long h,.a nf unbroken successes in the East : and as disaster in war is measured by it- ex'ent, and not by its causes, he must suffer mora or less for the mistakes of o'her?. This is all the more to h- d-plored, as when an escapade in Eng- imd, iu which Colonel Baker was, perhaps, more sinned against than sinning, deprived the British army of the services of one of its most brilliant cavalry officers, he had looked to those eastern lands to retrieve his fortunes. How ver, he is too good a soldier to be long neglected. Be that as it may, the Bedonins, contrary to their usual custom, have appeared in force to the east of the Nile Tbey have already, it is said, in vested Berber, a couple of days' march from Suakim, on the Red Sea, and have bad she hardihood to appear in flying 'columns before that fortress itself, although it is known to be occupied by a British force. This, as yet, consists of a mere handful of marines and blue- jack-ts, although the town is also pro tected to a certain extent, by the guns of the Orestes. It so happ-us that a» this particular crisis there -were ap proaching by way of Malta and the Suez canal the new Victorian gun-boats, the Victoria and the Albert, and the torpedo- bo -it 1 he Olnld«rs, all fully anned and ammunitioned, manned by British soa- ..f in llio nav of the colonv. and fully commissioned by the Admi ralty as vessels ot war. It is these minia ture, but destructive, boals which havr been so gracefully offered by the daughter o the mother, in the cause of the whole empire. According to the cablegrams received since the above was written, the offer has been politely declined, though not definitely ; but there are many practical, ns well as sentimental, reasons why it should be accepted, and amongst these we may here enumerate a few : The Madhi's outposts, or at least his flying squadrons, have, as we have never seen before, been pushed as far as the shores of the Red Sea, in the neighbor hood of Suakim. The Victoria and the Albert, being of light draught, could run close in snore, ana wun tneir poweriut guns not only prevent the insult of tb< so offensive displays, but severely handle the perpetrators. In the same way they could prevent any attack being made on the fort from either north er soatb, or from any but the inland side. Then, again, they would be invaluable in landing small bodies of troops above or below the town, or in both directions, with a view to a flank movement in case of actual investment, or an attempt at a coup dc viain. Again, they could be employed in a thousand ways along the coast, net only as despatch-boats, but in downright fighting, wherever the occasion arose, and wonld, indeed, be invaluable to the admiral in Buch a war. And, again, the colony would not be without b- reward in having to welcome these lite: ships after undergoing their early baptism of fire, and it would be a proud thing indeed for Australia to be able to say that in its very infancy it had been not only willing, but able, to lend a hand to the grand old mother in actual warfare. Nothing wonld give greater eclat to the little fleet, and surely nothing conld pos sibly go farther in cementing those tender ties which have, happily, continued to exist between parent and child. It is the apron-strings only, and not the painter, which have been cut. Beechwokth Stock and Share Mar ket.— Mr A. W. Foster reports for the week ending the 23rd instant: — Banks: Commercial — buyers, £6 03 ; sellers, £6 7s 6d. Federal — buyers, 30s 6d ; sellers, 31s 6d ; sales, 31s. City of Melbourne — buyers, 67s 6d ; sellers, 683 6d ; sales, 68s. Australian Freehold — buyerB,50s; sellers, 51s ; sales, 50s. Insurance Companies : National — buvers, 12s 6d ; sellers. 13s : sales, 13s. Colonial Mutual Fire — buyers, 3s 6d ; sellers, 4s ; sales, 33 9d. United Australian — buyers, Is lOd ; sel lers, 2s ; sales, Is lid. Southern — buyers, 16s '6d; sellers, 17s 6d. Indemnity — buyers, 19a ; sellers, 20s. Mines ; Rocky Mountain — buyers, 14s Belters, 15s ; sales, 14s. Sperm Whale — sellers, 2s 6d. La Mascotte — sellers, "3s 3d. Mitta Mitta— buyers, 3s Cd ; sellers, 3s 9d ; sales, '3s 6d. Miscellaneous:: Monte Piete — buyers, 8e 6d; sellers, 9s 6d:; sales, 8s 6cL Beechworth Gas Co. — sellers, 30s. Stan ley Hall Co. — sellers, 10s. Yackaudandah Hall Co. — sellers, '68s. Mutual Store — buyers, 53s ; sellers, 54s Permewan Carrying Co. —buyers, 67s.: sellers. 68s : sales, 67s. Death of Sir Chasles Sladen. —We regret to learn from the "Herald" that tha illness from which the Hon. Sir Charles Sladen has for so long 'been suffer ing terminated fatally at half-paBt four o'clock, at his residence, Geelong, on Fri day merning. Thehon. gentleman retired from public life in 1882, on account of : f idling health, asd has gradually become worse, until some weeks since he was con- j -fined to his bed. The complaint he suf-i fered from was cystic tumor. All -trie med- j ical skill could do to remedy the evil was! resorted to without avail. Sir Charles had! beeu sinking since Wednesday laefc, and! his end was painless, for he was anite un- conscious for many hours before death. The funeral will take place this afternoon, at half past three o'clock from the de ceased's residence, Geelong. The remains will be interred in the Geelong Cemetary. Oddfellows' Ball. — The tickets for the Oddfellows' ball at Beechworth on Wednesday night are selling well, and f£ie gathering will no doubt be a largely attended and enjoyable one. Members of the Ledge are requested to appear in full regalia. Laeceny of a Cheque. — A clerk in the Education Department, named Henry Dumas, wa3 on Friday sentenced to three months' imprisonment far the larceny of a cheque belonging to the department. Beechworth Gas Company. — The half- yearly meeting of the above company will be held in the Town Hall, Beechworth, on Tuesday evening.- The principal busi ness will be the reception of the directors' report and balance-sheet for the pa3t half- year, and the election of two directors, J for which position Messrs H. A. Crawford and M. Dodd have been nominated for re- ! election. \ Mining Meeting.— The first half-yearly meeting of the Normanby Gold-mining Company, Dark River, was held at Phair s Hotel, Melbourne, on Monday last, 13,800 shares being represented. Mr C. M. Fisher was voted to the chair. The report and balance sheet were presented and adopted. A letter from Dr Andrews, of Albury, asking, in the name of the share holders there, that their representative at the board of directors should be paid travelling expenses from and to Albury, was referred to the meeting by the direct ors. After some discussion, a motion that 1 a!_ _ Tha noid vt70 o rtfiriMod an bile U.vpouaca uc amendment to the contrary being lost. The following shareholders were elected directors for the half- year : — Messrs M"Kellar, T. Galvin, C. Ten Brink, and Dr Andrews, all of Albury, and Messrs G. Bruce, C. M, Fisher, and Lassen, of Mel bourne. Votes of thanks to the retiring directors, the scrutineers, chairman, and legal manager brought the meeting to a close. Wangaratta Police Court. — On Thursday, before Mr McCormack, P.M., the following cases were heard : — Barnard Bailey was charged with allowing his horse to trespass on the footpath, and was fined 5s with 2s Cd costs. Susan Harrison was charged with being tlie owner 01 an un registered dog. Mr Norton for plaintiff. Fined 5s, with 2s 6d costs. Patrick Hen- nessy was charged with being drunk and disorderly at Glenrowan. Mr Norton, for defendant, pleaded guilty to his client being drunk. Fined 20s, with 6s costs. 1 The following parents, summoned for not sending their children to school the required number of days, were fined 2s Cd, and 2s Cd crets, in each case :— Peter Lanritz, John Cope Garnet.t (two cases), Win. Howell, Alena Forrest, Owen Hannery (two cases), Susan Harrison, Mrs Kelly, Leah Ruby, and John Wylie. The Borough Council of Wangaratta sum moned William Walters for refusing to pay sertain water rates (10s). Mr Norton for plaintiff. The claim was not admitted, the defendant stating that he was not the owner or tne property. An oraer ror xus, with 30s costs, was made. Borough of Wangaratta v Edward O 'Brieu : Claim 253 6d, for rates. Mr Norton for plaintiff Order for amount, with costs. Borough of Wangaratta v William Healy : Claim 13s, for rates. Mr Norton for plaintiff. Order for 13s, with costs. Helen Jone3 v Wm. Connor : Claim £3 8s 6d, for goods sold and delivered. No appearance of defendant. Order for amount, with 5s costs, to be paid in instalments of IO3 weekly. Pat rick Hennessy was charged with using abusive language in a public place at Glenrowan to the police constable stationed there (Constable Gibson). Mr Norton appeared for the defendant, who was fined 203 with 63 costs. John John ston v Jas. Cooper : Claim £1 lGs 3d, for rent. Order for amount, with costs. The court then adjourned. The ghcrch of TjNglaxd goncbrt. — On Wednesday evening, 5th prox., a concert will be given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Beechworth, in aid of the choir fnnd in connection with Christ Church. The entertainment should prove a delightful one, as a choice programme is in course of preparation, and the following lady and gentleman amateurs have promised to take part : — Mesdames Cleary, Campbell, It. Warren, jun., Fisher and Manton, Misses Hannaford, Nowson and Waite, and Messrs C. J. O'Sullivan, J. Fletcher, Taylor, Hannaford, Deshon, R. Warren, jun.. Marsh, Charlwood and Woolnough, and others. Mining at Wandiligong. — The pros pectus of the Oriental Quartz-mining Com pany, Wandiligong, is published in our business columns. The company, the capital of which is £12,000, in 24,000 shares of 10s each, is projected to purchase and work the Oriental and Australian reefs, the area of the claim being 43 acres. The prospectus put forward is a most attractive one, and the formation of the company will tend to the further development of valuable mining property, and if the an ticipations oi the promoters prove correct, the holders of the shares will have made a good investment. Stock Movements. — Mr G. E. Mackay reports the following stock movements in the Albury district : — 440 fat sheep from Moorwatha to Melbourne, John Rowe, owner ; 700 merino ewes from Arundel for Brown's Plains, G. F. Morris, owner ; 2500 merino wethers from Bowna to Bungowannah, J. Grieve, owner ; 550 mixed sheep from Burrowye, Victoria, for Albury market, Mr McMaster, owner ; 105 fat sheep from Victoria for Albury market, G. Burrowes, owner ; 3000 merino wethers from Billabong station for Victoria, M. Morrison, owner ; 400 merino wethers from Hillside to Albury market, F. G. Manning, owner ; 500 mixed store cattle from Wagga Wagga to Albury, 1. Rogers, owner ; 23 fat cattle from "Victoria for Albury market, various owners ; 120 fat cattle from other districts for Albury market, various owners ; 225 merino wethers from Hawksview to Vic toria, Jas. Gearing, owner. Destructive Bush-Fires. — A destruc- tive fire broke out on Thursday at about 1 o'clock at Meade's railway-gate (the second gate from Rutherglen, towards Springhurst), caused by a spark from the engine of the 1 o'clock train. The fire spread with fearful rapidity, destroying the property of Mr John McCartie, from whence it spread to Mr D. Walshe's pro- perty, and also to the properties of Messrs Eisemau, Withers and others. Consider- ably over a thousand acres have been destroyed. The farm and vineyard of Mr Thos. Reeve, situated near Mr Davie's railway-gate, was only saved from destruc- tion by the almost superhuman efforts and exertions of Mr Harrison, the manager, who resides on the farm. Men were sent in carts from Rutherglen to assist in put- ting out the flames. The latest news is that the fire is still raging in the direction of Chiltern. Another fire broke out in the paddock of Mr Wm. Power, of the Black Dog Creek, the stubble catching fire and spreading to one of the paddocks of Mr Wm. Booth, burning the grass and fencing. Fortunately several head of cattle grazing in the paddock were rescued with some difficulty. The fire has spread to other paddocks, and is still burning. Discharge .gf a " Lifer." — A prisoner noned Dee-Get, at the QPentridge Stockade wes discharged on Thursday, after having setyed a period -of 20 years. He was tried at Beechworth on a charge of murder, and sentenced to dearth, but the sentence wea subs3quently commuted to what was then estimated to be imprisonment during his natural life. At that time 20 years was. considered a life sentence. The prisoner,: says the "Argus," as most ingenious in- miJlrinrr rnnmon f a rum Knnno V1UUU1VM1M A1WIU WIIVQ. AUCU7 OIU only twG more of the old "lifers" In the prison now. Death of a Former Euroa Bank Man ager. — The " Bedigo Independent" is in formed that Mr Scott, of the National Bank, Melbourne, died on Monday from paralysis. It will be remembered that Mr Scott was the gentleman who had .charge of the National Bank at Euroa when it was stuck up by the Kelly gang, he and ! his family being made prisoners and con- | veyed away by the bushrangers to Faith- ! ful's Creek Btation, which had previously , been stuck up. New Insolvent. — Joseph Anton Ro bert, ef Melbourne (formerly of El Dorado and Tarrawingee), gentleman. Causes of insolvency — Want of remunerative em ployment in Victoria, and inability to obtain money in Russia without applying persenally therefor. Liabilities, £350 ;! assets, £20 ; deficiency, £330. Thursday ' evening's " World" states, with reference to the insolvent : An extraordinary case of hardship cropped up at the Insolvent Court to-day. - Mr Joseph Anton Robert being pursued for some time by sundry " mad dogs," was compelled to seek cover in tne insolvent Uourf. ivir lvooerc, wno is described as a " gentleman," stated that the principal cau3e for filing his sche dule was his inability to obtain money in Russia legally due to him from the estate of the late Count Orloff, his uncle. The property, amounting to £140,000, is, the insolvent alleged, held by the representa tives of the late Countess Orloff, in Riga, Russia. The chief clerk of insolvency has, of course, no opportunity of verifying the truth or otherwise of the insolvent's state ments. Bush Fires at Barnawartha. — On Tuesday night the country around Old Barnawartha presented a grand sight, from the Hospital Hill, Albury, writes our correspondent ; the burning fences standing out in bold relief from the thousands of aere3 of smouldering trees which had been consumed by the devour ing element. The loss to the farmers in the locality, from burning of grass and fencing, must be enormous. Accident. — About half past five o'clock 011 Thursday afternoon an accident happened to Mr John Durnan, the farm bailiff at the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum. Ho was returning, in company with an inmate of the asylum, from town, by way of Mellish-street, v.-i . . and when near Mr D. Fletcher" - — - 'o-; the horse gave a start on b>-ii g - 1 to by t.lio lunatic, and the reins t . .Mr Durnan, who was driving, was Uiio.vn out /nv fr flm vrtnrl nnrl Qnnn nflte»r f.hrt curt capsized over the embankment of the road, but beyond a few hrnises and scratches its occupant was unhurt, and was taken to the asylum. Mr Durnan's injuries were thought to be very serious, as his head was cut and bleeding and he was insensible, and a cab having been procured be was immediately driven to the Ovens District Ho3pital, where it was found that he had sustained rather severe flesh wounds about the forehead and face and bruises about the body, but fortun ately no further injuries. On Friday he complained of feeling stiff and sore from the effects of the fall, which will in capacitate him from active work for some days. Albury Stock Market. — Messrs C. L. Griffith and Co. report : — We held our usual fortnightly sale at our Albury yards on Wednesday last, at which we had a good attendance of buyers, and succeeded in effecting a complete clearance at satis factory rates for all descriptions of stock. Cattle. —600- yarded, about one-fifth of which consisted of useful beef (mostly very light weights), the balance mixed stores in rather low condition. We sold drafts for Messrs Rial Bros, P. Rogers, J. M'Gill, M. M'Donald, D. Connors, Joseph Shep- pard, J. Ring and others ; best pens cows (light but nice quality) to £6 15s. , best bullocks yarded to £6 17s 6d, mixed stores at very full rates. Sheep. — 800 yarded, about one third consisting of useful mut ton (nothing prime yarded), the remain der stores. We sold drafts for W. C. J. M'Master, H. Peard and F. G. Manning, to 8s 7d for mixed crossbreds, stores at full rates. Horses. — 30 yarded, and majority sold up to £30 for strong draughts, to £16 for strong harness sorts. We beg to direct attention to a special sale of Bheep to be held by us at our yards on Wednesday next, 27th February. Omeo. — Writing on Saturday, the Oraeo correspondent of the " Bairnsdale Adver tiser" says : — Mr Peers, mining surveyor, has just arrived at Omeo from the Haunted Stream, on his way to Brandy Creek from whence he proceeds to Bairns dale, via Dargo Flat. Mr Knight, telegraph master and line repairer from Bruthen, is now at Omeo with hi3 staff of men engaged painting telegraph poles and repairing the line. The Wodonga Railway-Station. — The improvements at the Wodonga railway station are making very satisfactory pro gress. The whole work is of a much more extensive character than is generally known sayB the " Telegraph." It has been let in two contracts. The first was for additions to the station building itself, and an extension of the old platform 89ft, en the Melbourne side. The additions are being carried out in brick, and follow the same design as the old building, so as to preserve uniformity. They provide for a fine lofty diningroom, 46ft 6in, by 24ft.; a kitchen, 20ft by 17ft, with pantries, sculleries, etc, attached ; a ladies' waiting- room, 24ft by 17ft : also, lavatories, outoffices, etc. The work has been under taken by Messrs Robertson and Stewart, and will cost £3355 Is 3d. The second contract was let to Messrs Newton and Borland at £2766 143 4d, for erecting a verandah en the already constructed plat form, and providing two Customs sheds thereon. The platform which runs between the Victorian and New South Wales lines is a continuation of that pre viously in existence, and is 60ft long. The verandah will protect the whole of this, and will be of iron, supported upon iron columns. The Customs sheds will be respectively for the reception and'examina tion of light and" heavy liiggage ; and as the platform will be divided by a barri cade, passengers will not be able to cross over from one train to the other without being checked. The shed for light goods will be 20ft by 14ft 9in, and the other shed 40ft by the same width. Severe Heat in South Australia.' — The Adelaide correspondent of the " Tele graph" on Wednesday, states : — The heat has been fearful during the past few days in the North. The birds have taken abso lute possession of the farmers' houses in biioii. euucavuuca lu uuwttu uimnur auu water. It has been noticed that after quenching their thirst many of the birds die suddenly. Several dogs, owned by the residents of Port Augusta, died on Sunday, through distress caused by the heat. The thermometer stood at 117deg. in the shade on Sunday, and the heat this morning was almost unbearable, but a change appears likely. Maegnic Signs in Court. — During the trial of Richard Morgan, late storekeeper at William at own, in the Central Criminal Court, Melbourne, en Wednesday, on a charge of fraudulent insolvency, several Freemasons who were in court declared that the prisoner constantly threw Masonic aigns at the jaelge (Mr Justice Holroyd) and the jury, and that he wound up his address to the jury with the Masonic signal of distress, reports the "Herald." On one Gccasion during a criminal trial in Sydney, the prisoner made Masonic signs to the presiding judge, a Freemason, who, in charging the jury, commented on the fact, and said that if the" Brisener was guilty of the offence charge&f; against Jaim, his guilt was intensified by his' afctempng to influence the court in lis favor. Oxley. — Our correspondent 011 Friday writes : — Our usually quiet township will 011 Tuesday, tlie 26 ;h lust. , be stirred to its depths. The Wangaratta amateurs will appear in a musical' melaiiije on that night. Amongst the ladies and gentle- i men who, at great inconvenience to them selves, have kindly consented to aid Major Borrowes in a benevolent object, there are many who would hold good places even amongst professional singers or instru mentalists. A great treat is in store for lovers of good violin playing. Mr Stab bing has kindly consented to play two Dieces on the violin, and he is a most accomplished violinist. As Miss L. Ganley will accompany him on the piano, a rich entertainment will be afforded to lovers of good music. Miss Dora Tone has consented to both play and sing, and Miss O'Hagan most willingly and cour teously has given her valuable assistance as a vocalist. It will only be necessary to enumerate the names of Messrs Dodswell, Barnes, Taylor, Heathershaw, Nicol, Tone and Gray, to ensure those who may attend a most excellent musical treat. In addition to those ladies and gentlemen from Wangaratta, the Misses Kettle will sing, and there will be a social danoe afterwards. Now, as the entertainment to be produced is a first-rate one, the object a benevolent one, ana tue prices moderate (2s and Is), it only wants the patronage of the public to ensure its pecuniary success. Let the audience be as large as the talent of the amateurs and the charitableness of the object dese.rve, and others will benefit and rejoice. On Saturday, 23rd inst., at Oxloy, on th6 King, there will be a footrace of 150 yards between two of our local pedestrians. Clancy, of Oxley, and Currie, of Greta; and we will on that day see who is the best man at that distance. The stakes (£10) have been placed in the hands of the stake holders ; an 3 as each party has favorers, plenty of backers for small amounts are to be found for each competitor. A goodly crowd is anticipated to witness the con vincing test for the superiority of the athletes. French Brandy. — Mr Joseph Wer- theimof the Hibernian Hotel, fieechwarth. inour business columns notifies that helms been appointed agent for the Australian colonies for the brandy manufactured by Messieurs L Fouchez & Co., of Cognae, which lie imports direct from France, and is therefore prepared to supply it. in anj quantities, at a reduction upon the pries usually charged for spirit of equal qualry. Mr \Vertheim assures the public that u trial of it will prove lis excellence. Albury Mechanics' Institute. — A special meeting of the committee institution was held on Thursday night, for the purpose of considering the progress made towards holding the ball on the opening night of the new hall. There were present — Dr Andrews (president) and Me3sr3 Thorold. Wallder, C. Schmeidt. Gulson and W. Frew. The President stated that Messrs Watson and Youug had promised to supply aerated waters and cordials free, and Mr Thorold mentioned that Messrs Fleming and Lanke3ter had also promised wine. The secretary re ported that he had paid into the bank the sum of £17 3s, being the result of the per formance by the Wodonga and Albury Dramatic Club in aid of the building funds of the institution. In reference to the £400 due from Government for the resumption of land which had not been paid, Mr Thorold moved, after a discus sion, that a letter of remonstrance be written to the Government on the sub ject, stating that if they acted in the man ner they had done, it would have the effect of injuring, instead of assisting, Mechanics' Institutes and Schools of Arts. It was resolved that tlie prices of the ball tickets for the opening night should be — double ticket, 21s ; gentleman's single ticket, 15s ; lady's single ticket, 10s. The President stated that the proprietors of the " Banner" and " Border Post" had agreed to give the tickets free. In refe rence to the complaints that had taken place as to the noise occasioned by the brass band at assemblies, it was resolved that in future all music at balls should consist of stringed instruments only. The meeting then adjourned. Beechworth VolunteerFire-brigade. — The following teams have been selected to represent the above brigade at the demonstration at Geelong on the 12th and 13th March: — Double Hose. — Lieutenant J. Cunningham, Firemen D. Molloy, F. Tozer, F. Dunn, C. Morgan, T. Dreneu, T. Phelan, and T. Molloy. Hose and Ladder. — Captain McLean, Lieut. Cun ningham, Firemen D. Melloy, C. Morgan, T. Phelan, F. Dunn, T. Molloy, and F. Tozer. Hose Practice, Six Men.— Firemen J. Nicholls, J. Payne, J. Bakes, C. Spencer, G. Skidmore, G. Chatfield. Ladder Race. — Not yet selected. Rep- i uoull uwul y w ivuwci tlu« w u 11 ii uiiicliilj Firemen D. Molloy, F. Dunn, T. Phelan. Engine Practice, Four Men. — Capt. McLean, Lieut. Cunningham, F. Dunn, J. Nicholls. Engine Practice, Eight Men. — Capt. McLean, Lieut. Cunning ham, Firemen D. Molloy, C. Morgan, T. Phelan, T. Drenen, T. Molloy, and F. Tozer. The brigade will turn out for practice at eight o'clock on Tuesday and Thursday evenings. Racing. — The programme of the Bright Shire Racing Club's meeting on the 1st March, and also that of the Milawa Club's annual meeting, on St. Patrick's Day (the 17th), appear in our advertising columns. Our Bethanga Agency. — Subscribers to this journal in the Bethanga district' are elsewhere notified that Mr R. D. Cole has resigned his position as our agent at that place, and that in future they are re quested to pay their accounts at this office. The Mount St. Bernard Shelter- shed. — The tender of A. Clutts for the erection of a shelter-shed at Mount St. Bernard, on the Dargo and Omeo road to Harrietville, for the sum of £485, has been accepted by the Public Works De partment. Senior-constable Flood. — Thmofficer, who has been stationed at Yackandandah for a considerable time, has passed the necessary examination qualifying him for the rank of sergeant. Property Sale. — Messrs G. L. Grffith and Co. have sold the property occupied by Mr Simmons as a butcher's shop in Olive-street, Albury, to Mr V. F. Nagle, solicitor, for a satisfactory price. Cricket — A match between the Beech- woth United and Scanley Cricket Clubs will be played on the former's ground this afternoon. The following will represent the local club : — Brierly, Bullen, Mat- tnews, u. xtyan, xerry, jxoomson, if. Ryan, jun., White, Barbour, Fox and Whitehead; emergencies, Dalton and Tay lor. Players are requested to meet at twelve o'clock. A match between the employes in the coachbuilding establish ments of Messrs D. M. O'Connor and W. Pemberton and those of Messrs Crawford and Co., McLean and Bishop will take place the same afternoon on the One Mile cricket-ground. Appointments. — Dr Samson has been appointed health-officer, and Senior-con stable Patrick Mullane inspector of nuis- anceH, for the Shire of Omeo. 