Beechworth Independent Church. — A tea-meeting, having for its object the bidding of farewell by members of the congregation of tbe Independent Church, Beech worth, to the Rev. M. W, Bradney, ihslr laic; past-or, on his severing his con nexion with them, was held in the Sab- kiUi-schoolroom, Loch-street. An excel- lent tea, so which a large number sat down, provided by Mr .T. P. Dalton, the caterer, after which an adjournment to >k pb.ce so the church, where a public mooting was held. Mr Alfred Darvall occupied the chair, and in, explaining t.he . J.j-ct of the gathering, apologised for the unavoidable absence of the Revs. .T. Mas ter.-:. of Albnry, and of the Rev. J. da Q Robin, of Beechworth, who had promised to attend, but were prevented by other engagements. Mr Jas Warner, the presi dent of the United Shire, tersely expressed the deep regret that he felt, and which he was assured each member of the congrega tion would feel, at the departure of Mr Bradney, who had labored so many years among tliem, and, with Mrs Bradney, had taken so great an interest in and done so much for their welfare, and for that of the church and Sunday-school. MrJ. W.Mor ton presented Mr Bradney, on behalf of the congregation, with a token of their esteem, in tbe shape of a purse of sovereigns, and an address, which it is intended to have suitably engrossed and illuminated, and which ran as follows : — " To the Rev. M. W. Bradney, late paster of the Indepen dent. Church at Beechworth. Dear Friend and Pastor, — We meet to-night under peculiar circumstances. It is about six yearB Bince you settled amongst us, for the sscond time, and as you are now severing the ties which have bound us as pastor and people, we desire to give expression to the feelings of love and esteem we cherish towards you, and to bid you fare well. You have preached to us the way, Lhe truth, and the life' ; have shared and lightened ourburdens and difficulties ; have constantly proved yourself a sympathetic friend, and have in your life and conversa tion set before us a good example, accord ing to our Saviour's command, not only to teach, but de, His will-; and iii -parting from you we feel that we sustain great loss. It would have afforded ns much -pleasure had we been 'able in a mere substantial way to prove the high estimation in which: yep and our dear friend Mr3 Bradney are held amongst us, but, under present cir- cumstances, we mUBt content ourselves by asking youracoeptance of tho accompany ing small 'most heartily do we wish you God speed — that He may direct your steps, day by day, and open the way for your future usefulness and happiness; May you and j yours ever experience and realise the blessings promised to' those who trust in our Father, God.— We are, dear, sir, on . behalf of the. church, yoHrs most truly and faithfully, Alfred Darvall, AjM. Morrison, W.- Lindegaard, James Warner, A. M. Stewart, J. W. Morton, deacons. Beechworth, 15th January, 1884." The Rev. J. G. Mackie and Messrs Ingram and Dawborn also expressed their regret at losing the Rev. M. W. Bradney from the town, and assured him of their best wishes for-'ihis and Mrs Bradney'a happiness in the future. The proceedings . were en livened by a number of hymns beautifully sung by the choir, under Mr Jas. Cun ningham's leadership. Mr ' Bradney first came to tsoechworth nineteen years a"o, and after laboring as pastor of the church for seven years, paid a visit .to - the old country, resuming his charge six years afterwards, and remaining here since; He is about to reside near Melbourne, and will take a well-earned rest from ministerial labors. His successor has not yet been appointed. Fish Inspector.— Mr Casbome Wil- shire, forest ranger, has been gazetted by the New South Wales Government a fish inspector to the River Murray and adjacent rivers. The Late Mr F. H. Nixon.— Concern ing the recent untimely death of Mr F. H. Nixon, the founder of this journal, the " Sydney Bulletin" writes : — " Self- slaughter his end!" It is said of many, but seldom so sadly as of Francis Hodgson Nixon, late editor of the " Daily Northern Argus," Rockhamptoo. J ust 30 years ago, when Beechworth was in its prime, anion" the splended array of rough but manly men that the diggings life produced, F. H. Nixon was one of the brightest stars, one of the moBt rollicking and genial spirits. Reared from early youth amon» the refinements of cultured society,- with a liberal education, generous disposition, and adventurous mind, he soon threw up the office of Government architect, with all its official routine, and sought an open ing for himself. His attention had before turned to literature aB an amusement ; now he took to it as a profession, and founded ' ' The Ovens and Murray Advertiser. " It was a wearing, hard life, that just suited his earnest, eager spirit ; a life where limbs as well as brains were taxed to the utmost iu the rough struggle of tha timea. They were not arm- chair editors in those days. But though the paper was a succbbs, it did not much enrich its founder. He was manly, generous, and spirited, we have said. Such men are no more likely to have the traits, of oharacter which go to make a successful financier, than a financier is likely to have the soul of a man. He afterwards tried his fortune at papers in Victoria, and then in Queensland. He never made much money ; but ho married a wife who was handsome, and better to' him than gold (a daughter of the pioneer Captain Cadell), -and he was always the same gay, gallant comrade, to dash off a song or a satire, to ride a race, or do some turn for a friend. There are many who hold that, at times, suicide is neither a madness ner.a wrong — that it is -simply choosing a way out of tho pangs of life when they get intolerabie to bear. . How ever that may be, it is certain that Nixon was scarcely sane when he turned the pis tol on his brain. His brilliant and active mind had long been affected by the Btrala upon it, cansed by wearing work, and we believe that under this stress of insomnia, he kneqf not what ha did. The Albuky Coukt.hocse. — Tenders for the erection of a dwarf wall and iron railing for the Court-house, Albury, have been invited. Ovens Benevolent Asylum. — The list of subscriptions in aid of tbe funds of the above institutiou collected during Decem ber is published elsewhere. The total amount is £122 13s 6d. Educational. — Attention is by adver tisement in our business columns directed to the Carlton Grammar School, which re opens, after the Christmas vacation, 011 Wednesday, 23rd inst. As a proof of the 7alue of the school as an educational estab lishment, itis mentioned that two boys were sent up at the recent matriculation exa mination and passed, and out of three who attended the civil service examination two passed. Accidentally Drowned. — A young man named Joseph Mullins was acciden tally drowned in the public bathing place in the Broken River, at Benalla, on Tues day evening. It is supposed he slipped into vuo jyoucvj cilluj uciug uudutw iu otrauij was drowned. One of the black- trackers, " Darby," recovered the bedy, after it had been in the water forty- five minutes. An inquest was held in the court-house on Wednesday, when a finding of " Acci dentally drowned" was recorded. The Australian Eleven. — -The Aus tralian Eleven left Melbourne by the after noon train on Tuesday for Sydney, only a few friends putting in an appearance at tlie station to wish them success. Several members of the team had preceded them, and the last contingent to leave were Blackhain, Boyle, Cooper, ' Alexander, Midwinter, and Bonnor. The final con stitution of the team had not, they staled, been completed. The few matches which they had arranged in Australia had been made with the pure object of permitting them to judge the capabilities of various colonial players. The team, as at present constituted, reports the " Telegraph," are desirous of making no mistake in their final selection, aud they are in hopes that-, when they leave the colonies, they will have succeeded in getting together a gallant band oE Australian cricketers, who will succeed, whilst in England, in extending the fame of Australia and Australian cricket. Soon after their arrival in Syd ney they will embark on the steamer for Newcastle, where they will, on Thursday, meet the best eighteen of Newcastle, which will probably be strengthened by some oi the best players from Maitland, where the veteran Cosstick has, of late, been en gaged iu coaching the cricketers of the district. The Grain Market. — Wednesday's Wangaratta "Dispatch" states : Wheat is offering very freely at the station ; but there is a fall in late quotations, with no anxiety on the part of buyers to operate largely, which cannot be wondered at, considering the large surplus in the colony from last year's harvest, and the prospect of an exceptionally good general yield in South Australia, in which colony there is also a large surplus from last year. So large is the surplus in both colonies likely to be at the end of this harvest, that there is no likelihood of the shipping at our disposal being at all adequate to our requirements to rid the colonies of a sufficient surplus to harden prices even at the end of the season ; and, as a natural consequence, millers and speculators do not feel inclined to operate largely, anticipating a considerable fall shortly. At the station yesterday the top price paid at the North-Eastern Mill was 33 7d ; other firms not exceeding this limit. A good deal of wheat has been delivered at the Yictoria Mill, Murphy-street, during the past week, at current prices. There has been a good demand for oats at the station for-aome days past, and consider able business done at from 2s for medium brown to 2s 8d for first quality white. Very little doing in barley.. Prices nominal.. Mr Dampier .at "Beechworth.— Al though the first appearance of Mr Dam pier and his company at Beechworth was not patronised. to the extent it deserved and received at Albnry, the second occa sion was better, and the third night the audience, we learn, was fairly good, and, what is better," enthusiastic, remarks the " Border Post." If our cousins of Tadnior cannot appreciate talent better than they appear to have done with the Dampiers they can hardly expect to got a chance of ever seeing again a really good company Bush Fires near Omf.o.— Bush fires are fiercely raging round Omeo, and ap proaching in close proximity to the town ship. Several selectors on the western bank ef Livingstone Creek "have lost part of their fences. On Tuesday, states the " Argus" correspondent, the fires came down with such a rush on the Dry Gully Reef, that two huts were burned to the ground, with everything they contained, before its progress could be arrested. Large areas of country are burnt, and un less there is a speedy downfall of rain it is feared that great damage will result. Natural Gas. — The use of natural gas in the United States is assuming large proportions. Recent American papers contain numerous references to the for mation of companies aRd the introduction of this fuel into establishments where coal has been used up to this time. A company is reported to have struck a good flow ef gas at a depth of 700 feet near Steubeu- ville, Ohio ; a pipe has been laid from Murray's villa to the Edgar Thomson Steel works, a distance of 12 miles, and gas will be used instead of coal ; a company for supplyiug Erie with natural'gas has ap plied for a charter, gas being obtainable along the lake there from 700 to 1000 feet deep. The above are some "f the items for a single week. There are now at least eight companies in and about Pittsburgh engaged iu development of natural gas as fuel, representing a capital of 2,000,000 dols. The question is asked by our Trans atlantic contemporaries, If natural gas is found in Pennsylvania, why not in other parts of the country ? In the salt regions of New York natural gas is abundant, and is used in great quantities for evaporating purposes, and the illumination of several towns. From time to time discoveries have been reported in various parts of the West. Thus; there was a gas well near MattoOn, Illinois, several years ago, but the flow was short-lived. It was proposed some months ago to light the city of Litch field, Illinois, with gas from the oil-well, but nothing has been done as yet te carry this project into effect. There have also been discoveriea at Toledo, Illinois, Wy andotte, Kansas,- and Vernon, Indiana. The latest development in this line is the formation of a company at Belleville, Illi nois', for the purpose of boring for gas in that city. 1 Almanac.— We have to acknowledge the receipt of the " Border Post" almanac for 1884. It has been very neatly printed and published in book form by Messrs Affleck and Gray, of Albury, and,, in addi tion to- a' calendar and statistical intelli gence, contains a quantity of interesting information concerning the district; - We are pleased to notice that the .publishers have been liberally supported by advet-' 'tisera. ' Oxley. — Our correspondent writes : — The weather ! Shall we, or shall we not, discourse upon the varieties of disagree- abilities that have characterised the atmospheric phenomena of the past and present week. Forbid it that I should desire to inflict upon your readers even the variation of hot winds, dust storms and intense heat which have prevailed in t Lie quarter for some few days past. Adas, even harvest topics have a dark, instead of a silver, liHing. The cereals are not turn ing out as well as expected.. Binders, reapers - and strippers have been doing good work, and now the threshers have their innings. The Square is nightly en livened by the men from the machines, after their hard, du3ty day's work, cleans ing their throats for the following day's renewal of labor. Mr 0. H. Peard, of Muyhu, has rented the Bank of New South Wales premises, kuown formerly as Warren's. .Mr Peard is determined to open a general store. The residents are so few. and scattered, that their wants were well supplied by Messrs Gardner and McKenzie, at. the Square, and by Messrs Dunlop and Moore, at the King. How- ever, the nimble penny is a great accumu lator, and it. is to be hoped that the trades man and the consumers may thrive and be satisfied. Mr G. H. Pearl's arrival has caused the flitting of the fashionables, the washerwoman and the C.C. ! ! The latter has called an auction of his household goods amongst which there is a large collection of files of English and colonial newspapers, also some excellent works of reference. This ought to be a good opportunity for the committee of our library to lay the foundation of a really serviceable one that would benefit all desirous of improvement. The .auction will be announced in the papers 011 Saturda', 19th inst. \ Careless Use of Fire. — About mid night on Monday last it was discovered that the hedge and fence of Mr Jones's vineyard, on the Brown's Plains road, near Rutherglen, was on fire. Mr H. Cooper, who first saw the fire, gave the alarm, and, with Mr E Baker, succeeded in arresting the spread of the floness until further assistance arrived, when the fire was finally got under. A portion of the hedge and several panels of fencing were destroj'ed. Fortunately it was seen at the time it; commenced, or the result would have been very disastrous. Benalla Race Club. — At a meeting of the above club on Saturday afternoon it was decided that a two days' race-meeting be held, ou the 28th and 29th prox. , and a sub- committee be appointed to draw up a programme allotting prize-money to the amotfiit of £330. Mr Willis Little was elected president, and Mr Jas. Totnkins vice-president, of the club. The Vote to Public Libraries. — Ap plications to participate in the grant of £3000, for the purchase of books for me chanics' institutes or public libraries in 1 883 4, must bo smit in to the Chief Secretary's office by the 31st inst. Amongst the conditions attached to the vote are : — That grants be made in propor tion to the sum, in the aggregate not less than £5, collected by private subscriptions or local rates .during' 1883, aud that no grant exceeding £200 be paid to any one library. ' The Wangaratta Races. — A meeting of persons interested in racing matters in Wangaratta was held - at- Mrs Kett'B Albion Hotel on Tuesday evening. ;There were, present : — Mr Rundle (in the chair),. Dr MacFarlatie and Messrs Maloney, Dale, Sharland, Pinkertou, Toohey,- J; H. Tone, W. Kett," Barwick and Baynes; (hon. sec.). The" miuutes of the last meeting were con firmed;" and" the" chairman' stated that "the. object .of" the; meeting was: to consider, whether the annual- race-meeting should be held this year, atid if so, what steps should be taken to render it successful ; also, to determine, in - case the meeting should be resolved on, whether it should be for one dhy or two. " Mr Baynes, ,the hon. sec., explained, that a. 'great deal, of ibdiffereuce aa to the races seemed, to exist in the minds of the people of Wangaratta', and some doubts were expressed- as to whether they should have any races at all He suggested that iu case the meeting was determined 011, it might be held - some where near St. Patrick's Day. The chair-, man thought they ought first to find -what measure of support,' they would receive from the persons in the town who were chiefly interested. Mr Dale then moved, and Dr MacFarlane seconded, that a sub committee, consisting of Messrs Maleney, Toohey," Barwick, Shiarlaud and Dale be aDBOiuted to cauvass the town and rnnnrl- tu a future meeting. This was carried un animously. The balance-sheet, as pre sented by the secretary, showed a debit against the club of £1 13s lOd ; but, in order to show how easily races might be got up, we may quote from the sheet the following sums amongst the receipts : Nominations £100 ; booths, £31 ;. gate (which was held by the club itself), £63 15s 3d ; training fees, . £7 5s Gd ; sports and games, £4 19s ; cards, £9 ; stand, £4 ; right of meetings, £2 2s ; Crawford and Co., £3 3s ; protests, £4 ; Selling Race, £33 ; aiid fruit stalls, £1 Is. From mem bers there was received £106 Is, and from subscribers, £19 5s ; so that it was really horse-owners aud the' general public -who made up nearly the whole of the £315 given away in prizes. The total expen diture was £403 10s Gd, of which £34 only went for advertising in various metro politan and country papers the meetings, programme and Sires' Produce Stakes for six months. A fPuTn A -a. JLnxr iu aus x> u JJxAliU. —A. yOUng gentleman who has received his education in Melbourne has just returned from a very successful trip to the Buffalo. He says : We arrived at the Buckland the first, night, 'and starting from there next morning, shortly after daylight, we got to the top of the mountain about 10 o'clock. The Bucklatid route, we were informed, was the erjy practicable one for those who' did not thoroughly know tbe country.' We saw a sunrise and sunset from, the Horn, and they, together with the general view, were something magnificent. . The view from the Hump is not so good. I was disappointed with the Eurobin Falls. The head of the gorge where the water goes over is not what I expected ; but at the mouth of the gorge it is far higher, and is superb. Altogether, the scenery front the top of the mountain repays one amply for the trouble of getting there. On returning for home we had the satis-, faction of putting out a fire in a crop of wheat ; and, as there was only a woman on the farm but for our united exe.rti.Qns; it must have/ completely destroyed the crop. . " , Horsestealing. — Two youths named John Mclntyre and William Bright were on Tuesday, at the Benalla Police Court, committed for trial at tho Shepparton General Sessions on the 7th prox., on a charge of stealing two horses on the 4th inst. Fire in a Stackyard.— A most disas trous fire occurred on Tuesday morning, at one o'clock, on the homestead of Messrs Gillespie Bros., Faithful Creek, near Euroa, which destroyed one stack of pea? and three ' of wheat, the produce of over 200 acres. The owners are only partially insured, , and their loss will be heavy, , as it was the best yield they have had for jiews. ./ An Unpleasant Adventure. — Om- dis trict reporter relates that two large share holders in the claims at Cotton Tree recently had occasion to be in Melbourne over a mining ease, and took the opportu nity of witnessing the intercolonial cricket match.- They were in close proximity to each other at one period of the game, at which time one required a piece of paper to fix the amber of his pipe. Not. having a piece in his own pocket, he calmly put his hand iuto his . companion's (as he thought), when a gruff voice, very different from his mate's, called- out, "What is your hand doing in my pocket, sir ?" The companion of the person thus interrogated had shifted, unknown to him ; hence the reason for the latter's hand being found in a stranger's pocket. Of course, a satisfac- tory explanation took place between the parties concerned ; but there were some in the crowd who thought a first-class London pickpocket had been caught pur suing his avocations. Prize-fighters in Trouble. — Between 11 and 12 o'clock on Tuesday night two meu, named Michael Nathan, a profes- oiviios j CdCUllldltcr UdlllwU U Oilu Leedhatn, were fighting on the footpath iu Swanston steet in front of deal's hotel. Melbourne, and were arrested and taken to the City watchhouse, followed by a large crowd. Whilst the charges were being en tered in the station-house, Peter Newton, the partner of Nathan, entered, and made himself so officious that he also was locked up by Constable Stallard, on a charge of insulting behaviour. Newton and Nathan were both bailed out.' The Right Sort ok Girl.— An American paper says : The girly girl is the truest girl. She is what she seems, and is not a sham and a pretence. The slangy girl has a hard job of it not to forget her character. .The boy girl and the rapid girl are like wise wearers of masks. : The girly girl never bothers about woman's rights and woman's wrongs. She is a girl and is glad of it. She would not be a boy and grow up into a man and want to go to war and puzzle her brains about stocks for a king dom. She knows nothing about, business, aud does not want to know anything about it. Her aim is to marry some good fellow and make him a good wife, and she gener ally succeeds 111 doing both. She de lights in dressand everything that is pretty, and- sho.. is.. not_.ashained -to own up that she does. She is pleased when she is ad- mired, and lets you see that she is. She is feminine from the top of her head to the end of her toes, and if you try to draw her into discusion of dry themes she tells you Bquarely. that conversation does not suit her. She is the personification of frankness. There is not a particle of hum bug in her composition. Here is heal to to the girly girls. May their numbers never grow loss. Illegal Netting. — The Commissioner "of- Customs has has under consideration the appointment of a travelling inspector of fisheries, with a view to prevent the practice of illegal netting in prohibited waters, which is reported to be carried on to a considerable extent in various parts of tho colony. The . Sydney Express.—' The New South Wales and Victorian Railway De partments have ;finally agreed to:, the proposal recently submitted for shortening the time now oeoupied by the overland express between Sydney I and Melbourne, we learn irom t uesday 3 Argus. - Under the new arrangement, which will come into operation with the issue of the new time-tables on the 4th prox., the express train wi.l leave Sydney at 5 p.m' as. at present; but will arrive in Albury. at 6 . instead of 7 a.m. ; it will r leave Alburjl at 6.15. instead of 7.10, and- arrive at Wodonga at 6.22 Sydney time 1 and 6.00 Melbourne time. The .express ', traiu to Sydney will start from Albury atll.45 p.mVjinstead of 1.45 p.m. ; thus completing thejouruey in one hour and 15 miaute's quieker than at- present. ' The Attorney-General.— Mr Ker- ferd; 'after au absence of more thnu a week; returned to his department on. Monday, ..sufficiently .-recovered to be able to resume duty. He . was; unfortunately, : very; seriously indisposed- for-a time, but! his health,, - according to Tuesday's "Argus," appears- to be now quite restored. A Peculiar Growth of Wool. — A great curiosity is the subject of the follow- in- paragraph from the " Border Watch" : — " From Mr D. MacBaiu, of Mount Beu- Bon Station, we have a sample -f wool taken from a fleece which had the striking peculiarity of being grown 111 alternate iougtiia 01 uiaca ana wnice. j.ur iVlaclsaui says : — ' By this mail I am sending you a parcel of wool showing the growth in black and white liues. It is the first of the kind that I have ever met with, and may be of some. interest to your readers. The sheep that the floece came oft' was bred on the Wilmott Station, near Kingston, and is pboun six years old — a wether.' The wool is a curiosity, and may bo seen at our office. We have seen nothing like it before." - The TdCHBOUNE Case.— Mr Edmund Kitnber. writes from the Tichborue Re lease Association : — " I am requested by this association to inform you that the rumor, which bas obtained considerable currency, that Sir Roger Tichborne's friends intend on his release from prison to provide him with a public-house is utterly devoid of foundation. His chil dren have been well provided for durin» the whole of hia incarceration, aud he himself will not be in want of a com- fortable home when he comes out." THE WODONGA RAILWAY-STATION. —The Railway Department recently accepted a tender for a number of improvements and extensions to the Wodonga railway-station. The work is progressing satisfactorily, and when the couLract is completed the pas senger accommodation will be consider ably increased, says Wednesday's " Ago." The platforms for the Victorian aud Sydney trains have been extended and covered in with ornamental iron veran- dahs. The main building has also been enlarged, so as to provide increased ac commodation for the refreshment-rooms and additional offices for the staff. At the present moment the luggage of pas sengers arriving from New South Wales is examined in the open air, consequently the work is frequently retarded by the in clement state of the weather. In order to overcome this difficulty the department is now erecting a building in which all luggage will be examined. THE HOP MARKET. —The weekly reports .of the hop market state that little has transpired, and few sales have been made outside of the auction rooms, the trade only purchasing according to their actual requirements, aays the " Bairnsdale Ad vertiser." Publicly 77 bales of Victorian were cleared off at up to 114d, but privately up to Is 4d is obtained for trade parcels of prime samples. For TaB- mauians, up to la 4d in bond is required for best. Small parcels of Kent have been quitted' at 2s 3d, duty paid. Bavarians are getting scarce, and we have only heard of oqo or two small sales having been effected-ut up to 2a 4d. Wednesday's "Daily Telegraph'" states: Hops continue to be presed upon the market; 38 bales of choice GippBland being sold without reserve to-day at- 10d, whilst- another lot of 22 bales realised'" only 6d. The Oxley hops were passed iu. t.ui'okting in Bond. — Reaideuts of Howlong are agitating fer permission to import merchandise from Melbourne by way of Albury, in bond, we learn from the " Telegraph." The Collector of Customs iu Sydney has been written to on the subject. Importation in b«nd, viaChiltern, is already permitted, biit in certain cases the convenience of traders will be largely promoted by the concession now asked for. Diphtheria ax Bethanga. — Tuesday's " Age" Btates : — A telegram appeared iu yesterday's issue fromourBethanga corres pondent, to the effect that diphtheria had broken out there in a serious form, and that tbe local board of health were much annoyed at the inactivity of the Central Board in not sending an officer to inspect. The omission was the more seriously felt as the cause of the outbreak could not be determined, and the case was one in which tho services of an experienced officer were much needed. Mr Le Capelain, the sani tary engineer of the Central Board, is the gentleman who usually makes these inspec tions, but he iB at present engaged else- »» uuiuj uuu n 11s iia r a i.v 1 miu uvxvtw uuiiu tho present week, so that it is doubtful when he will be able to go to Bethanga. It would appear as if there is an urgent necessity for increased supervision on the partof the metropolitan authorities, especi ally under the Amending Health Bill, and the sooner an- alteration is made in this direction the better it will be for the pub lic and the department, if the latter desires to retain a reputation for efficiency. A Train Stopped by Grasshoppers. — ; The Colac correspondent of the "Argus". 011 Monday -telegraphed Locusts are re ported a3 having'visitod the district in. large numbcrsv They are. travelling to the sout.ii- west, doing. great damage to the crops in their course. . The passengers by the last train to Colac on Saturday night were greatly startled by the engine com-, ing to a complete 3top. On the driver, getting down-to examine tliecause hefound that a cloud- of grasshoppers had settled 011 the permanent way, and that the train passing over and crushing tlieni to death had made the rails so slippery that ' the' wheels would not grip. The train had to be divided, and by the free use of saud a passage was forced, Colac being reached two hours behind time. Albury Mem.— The Albury correspond ent of the "Age" cn' Monday telegraphed: — rA hot. wind, similar to the blast of a furnace, has been blowing all day. The thermometer reached 109 deg. in the shade. Large bush fires are burning on the road to Walbnndrie. Large quantities of wheat are leaving the district for the northern stations. Over 4000 bushels have been purchased iu tho Howlong district by one buyer for Goulburti, at 3s per bushel. The Everton Railavay Time table.— A public meeting, convened by the presi dent of the Bright Shire was held at Bright on Monday evening, Councillor Hooper being in the chair. There was a good attendance of the public, and the ' meetinc was very unanimous throughout. The object; of: the convention was to endeavor to induce the Minister of Railways to alter the existing time-table used on the Myrtler ford and Everton - branch line. -The pre-, sent arrangements are so faulty that although the railway bringsBright a couple or nours nearer meioourne, yet practically it puts it quite ten hours further off. By existing arrangement it is almost imp 03 sible to reply to correspondence, as the maikarrives in Bright at 6 o'clock in the evening, and closes again at half-paat 7. After considerable discussion, reports the " Argus" correspondent, motions ware passed asking for modifications in the time of arriving and departing at the various stations between Wangaratta and Beech worth," in order that one train might travel to Myrtleford and back whilst- the train goes to and from Beechworth. The Benalla Bridge on Fire. — About 7 o'clock on Sunday, morning those few townsmen astir in the vicinity of the fire- brigade station were alarmed by the ring- ing of the fireb'ell, reports the "North- Eastern Ensign." It turned out that the Benalla bridge was afire, the smoke at tho west end of the structure plainly discover ing its wereabouta. The" prompt application of a few buckets of water, however, soon extinguished the fire, which had already burnt a hole about three feet long in one 1 of the planks. It is aupposed "the fire originated through' some smoker throwing away a lighted lucifer, which must have fallen upon a small collection of chaff, and oiolku wu-u, n not notieea 111 time, might have proved a serious conflagration. Tho alarm was given by Mr C. Murray, junr. , Strange Reasons for Refusing Ad. mission to School.— One of tha funniest reasons ever advanced for refusiug to admit a child to a public school is quoted by Sub-inspector Bcennan, iu his report 011 the Chinese. He states that at Albury there is a Chinese child, seveu years old named Jah Kee Govey, not "oiim to school. The reason assigned by the boy's father, Ah Govey, an industrious pardoner is (says the inspector) that the school master refused to admit hiin to the public school because the child was wearin« his hair in the queu.-, characteristic of Chinese customs, Mr Brennau naively adds : " As I am not aware of any law bein« in force iu New South Wales which pro hibits the Chinese from wearing their hair ih the style ef their forefathers, and according to the fashion of their race I n Tl \ 1 1ll lAFAaaarl mi fVi 4ln - _i- it . mux buo uuuviubion uaac tne objection for the exclusion of this child, cleanly and intelligent in appearance' whose mother is a native-born subject' from a public school, is not in itself a valid one, any more than it would if it wore sought to bo applied to European children going to school and wearing their hair in any one of the numerous and ex traordinary styles which European custom sauctious." Tuberculosis.— Tuberculosis is not only a disease to be feared so far as the con sumption of meat is concerned. Its dangers are even extended to milk. The ' 'Bendigo Independent" of Saturday says : r" We find that the disease of tuberculosis or consumption as it 13 called iu the human being, has actually, according to the opin ion of more than one qualified gentleman been transmitted to members of our own population here in Sandhurst by the use of milk yielded by a cow affected with the malady. For the details of these cases we refer our resulnrs to another portion of this issue, where are published the opinions >f Mr Aked, veterinary surgeon, and Dr Hugh Boyd. It appears that a family had ip their possession a cow for their own do mestic use. From this they consumed the milk the animal gave, until at last it died; but before that, under the circum stances, fortunate event took place the woman and her child showed signs of tubercular disease, and it was only after the cow died that % suspicion was raised as to tho cause of the disease in the human beings. Froin the symptoms the cow had exhibited, and fr >m the result of the post mortem examination, there is no doubt the animal died of tuberculosis. This circum stance opens up a wide field of thought throughout tho whole colony, aud especi- ally iu Sandhurst, where the event took place. We commend the matter to the Ijlealtli Department." . Dental. — Mr Geo. R. Hall, dentist, of Collins-street East, Melbourne, may be consulted at the Star Hotel, Beechworth, on the 17 th inst. Yackandandah. — A meeting of the Yackandandah Racing Club was held in the Clarence Hotel on Monday evening, for the purpose of settling the accounts due by the club for last season ; Mr G. Robb, vice-president, in the chair. The miuutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. The balance-sheet having been read, it was found that £23 re mained to the credit of the club, after paying all expenses, writes our correspon dent. Monday was the hottest day we have had this season ; the thermometer registering 105deg. in the shade at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. Bushfires still continue to burn on the ranges round the township. The one mentioned in my last, at Stanley, is still burning, and has spread over the range, and is now not far from Yackandandah Junction. A large quantity of fine pasture has been destroyed by the bushfires ; but besides this, owing to the dryness of the weather, pastures die uuiiipictfotjr uueu up9 auu 11 rain aoBS not come soon, the consequences will be most disastrous to tbe graziers. Tuesday was much cooler than the previous day. A fine cool breeze blew during the day ; b.ut after sundown the wind fell, and the air again beoame quite sultry. 