THe Rlos?n.--Tiho lollowing is the magisstratesO roster for the month of Jauoary :-S. 11. Belcher, 2nd and 23rd; A. S. Chisholm, 2d and 23rd; J. Ciifford, 4th and 25th ; C. Cropper, 4th and 2lth ; W. Davies, 7th and 21th; A. G. Finlay, 7th and 28th ; W. Foxall, 1th and :30th; A. F. Gibson, 9th and :0th ; .. .. Hayes, 11th ; F. Gibson, 11th ; i3. HIorsburgh, 14th ; A. Mackellar. lih ; T. Marsden , 16th ; S. Meyer, 16th ; E. Ball, 18th ; Captain loasi, 18th ; 1. Shepherd, 21st; 11. 11. \oss, 21st. NEW OFFICES FOR THE AUSTRALIAN MUTUAL INVESTMENT AND BUILDING COMPANY (LIMITED). Sometime ago this company opLened It branch in (Goulburn, under the iomaagemeolt of the Bee. Francis Tail, having as temporaryf officesr the build. ill in Montague-street originally erected for the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank; but as this huildillg was soon Ifoaid to be too small, anld in other ways unsuitable for thI increasing bIsiness of the companiy, they secured on building lase an excellenit block of land in Auburn.street, directly 'opplsite the post and telegraph offices and adjoining thi stores of William Davies and Co., on which they havo erected it very Ihadsomlle and coin. modio s buildilng in which fr om to-day the buliucess of the companyll can be trausacted with comfort and dispatch, and which is It decided orn?ametl to the city. The style of architecture is Grecian, with au introduction of French openings, and re. flects great credit on the architect, Mr. T. W. Parrott, who designed the building, supplied the whole of the details, and superintended the erection. The building is two stories in height, lind comprises oflices, shop, and dwellintg, the latter consisting of four rooms oni the lirst floor, halls, and stair area, with dining-rooni, pantry, and kitchenl on tie gilounl-loor. The offices of the company compriso a clerks' oflice (2, feet by 12 feet 6 inches wide), furlishedl with screens, halndome counter, spealning tiubes, b.'e. ; the mllnger s privlat room twelve feet F luaie; nllt ail excellent stroig.roonllm, fire and damnp.piof, ill which books and documents can be kept with iltfeet safety froil fire, and inside of which is a lire-prlolo safe for the special rustody of va bllehl documents. 'The frouts are all of plate glass, and the motto of the company is embossed oil the ollice-.wiudows. The old buildings in this city, some of which were. long al eyesore to tile commlunity, l a rapidly giviug place to iiew aotd lub. stantial erections, imore iu keeping with the cha rcter anud imllportance of the place. We are glad to chronicle this most recent addition to our city, and wish for the ceompay all lthe success their energy and enterprise deserve. The contractors for the Lnw building welo:--Le Breton and Dounoloe; for thI plastering, Mr. J. L. Marshall ; flor theo plumbing and gastitting, Mr. Kingsell; for the ironwork, Ball, Incher, and Co. ; for the counter, Messrs. O. Robin- son and Son ; and for the painting nltd glazing, Mr. Quartly. GOULBURN RAILWAY SHED .-Thio shed crected at the oile ing of the liUe to Goulburn anul intended as it carriage shed is now inl cuIrso of being pulled down, as it is found to be in the way of the additional numbler of oads rendlred necessary by the greatly increased traffllie of the sbtatio. MASONIC DINNER.- Mr. W. Lambert, a prominent lelmber iof the ilasoilic body noud It worthy citizen, being about to leave the district, his lnasoiie brethre entertained himll at a dinner on Wednesday evenig at Silmons' Commercial Hotel. Thirty persons were present. Mr. John Cropper J.P. occupiiied the chair, sippll?feid onn tihe right by the guest of the evening nod ir. W\\. II. Mlayibury, and oin the lIft by Mr. ". i. iDavidsou, a distinguished mlason Itorm Sydllney, alnd r. F. l)eaeoI. IThe vice chair was occupied by Mr. CA. . liddleton. The usua loyl loyal toasts were drunk. The health of the D.G.M., Mr. John Williams, was given by the vice. chairman'. The toast iof the evenling, theI health of 3Ir. launbert, wals proposed in highly enlogistic terms by Itr. ltaybury. MSr. Laumbert responded, tlhanlillg the companily for the lintd way in which they received thlI toasts, aiil for testifyling tlhir esteelll for hi ill suchll t miellllis eld mallilner. Tlie toast of the visiter.l followrd, prpoused by MIr. Trebla nod respondcd to by Mr. F. iU. Dlaridson. MIr. Lambert proposed the ihealIhs of the Chairman nud Viceclhairlman. Songs and a lstrm ueuttal mulsic were iuterspersed between the toasts. The comlpany lbroke lip it twoelc e'clock, expressing dueep' regret at the departulr of IMr. LIrlbert, and wishes for hisr prosperity. I::lsm.vl:scr.-A "single meetiing in the estate of Joseph Aule;:ark of I:onigreaeh, was appointed to be held ol T'lursday layt, beforo the district com missioner. 'lThe iusolvet iand M1r. Davidson hisl solilitor were Ineseit; but on accounlllt of no papers havinag beenl Irwarded from Syduey, the meeting lapsed. lt1.S is:sIW:I:N GOUIIRIIN AND IN50ERALOCUY. '1'teldtrs are invited to be stet in by thellJtt instant for the conveyance of Iails fIont either Goulburn or Culrrallng railwany Ipltforml to Iuorralochy. Until Stender bo aceplted for this line, persons residing between Goulburn and tIvsralochy will bo competlled to send to the post.otlice at Goulburn for their letters ans papet,. CONDITIONAL PURCHAES - At Goulburn on TIhurs. day last the following selections were taken up : John Broderick, junior, 200 acres. Laggan; David tloss, junior, 40 acres, Guinecor. There were no selections at Yars, and none aau repotted from (funning. WORRIED BY A HORSE - A- s-erious accident oc culrred to Mlr. Edmund Kelly, tllthe eldest eon of Mr. John E. Kelly, of Nyngan, on Wednesdasy. ieo was drivingl some brood mares front his own up to hi:s fathter's paddock, when, within sight of the latter'a stoclyard, the blood stallion Woodlawn, which was with the aIt'ros, rushed ssslly tit younig Kelly, seized him by tfhe knee, dragged him off the horse ie was riding, and literally wsoriied him like a dog. The flesh wasn terribly mangled above the huce. joint. The Burrangong Argus of 2nd instant states that rain is badly needed inl thile Young district, none havinlg fallen for six weeks; the grass and the water supplly are failing. Those old people whosoblood has become thin and steops feeble are praising Hop Bitters for the good they have done them. See advt. Accla::-i.--Yesterday alternoon two ladies from Sydney-Mrs. IIarcus and Miss Nicthols-driving in a Iil .u-,y eon Illhe alto read towards Gioulburn, we-re mot by a Chinan u in a cart going in the opposite direction, who, keeping oi his wrong side, ran into the buggy, capsizing it and throwing the occupants out. MrA. flarcu 's left wrist wassprained, her face had several scrat:bhee, and her left side severe bruises. 'dias Nichols was alno slightly injured. They were brought to Goulburn by some one passing iby and their injuries were attended to by MIr. A. A. lHer, chemist, Auburn.street. ScItse.--A timan named lJohn Smith, about.fifty years of ago, in thi employ of Mr. iB. lobertuon of the Australian lintel, Taralga, committed suicide by hanging on Thursday. 3Mr. Gunn, coroner, held an inquest yesterday, but there was nothing adduced to .how wihy the act was cmmitted. Ifosrrar? Norrs.--A man named Daniel O'tBrien, filfty year of age, was brought to the hospital on Wednesday night. On Christmas Eve he was engaged in shoeing iu horso at Mr. lRoberts' black. smiths' shop, Marulan, when the animal kicked him, causing him to fall over a barrow and break four ribs on his left side. He was attended by Dr. Gentle. Another caso was received at the institu. lion yesterday evening at live o'clock. A man named liugh lRussell, iged forty, working on tihe Goulburn to Cooma railway extension three miles beyond Tarago, whilst getting down anl embantkmunt on Monday last slipped and broke his right leg just above the ankle. lie was unable to obtain a con veyance to come to town till yesterday. Dr. McKillop attended to the patient.--A woman named Miary Augelu, sixty.ei- ght years of age, suffering from paralysis, died.in the hospital at half.past six yesterday morning. Dfssans?ous Bean Finrs.--Ioruya, Wednesday. Disastrous bush fires again broke out yesterday all r and Moruya. A violent N.W. hot wisid blew until 3 p.m., when the wind suddenly changed to the S.E., thus saving many imperilled places. MIclh valuable lproper ty has been destroyed, and many miles of fenc ing burnt. iMr. flcffernuu, Moegeondura, had his out buildings destroyed, the house being saved with great d-fliculty. Mr. Thomas Emmautt's outbuildings were also burnt. Mlr. W. F. Cowa 'sa house again in great danger. IMr. Martin Fogartyss house was burnt to the ground with all its contents. Goodin and Son's ilendwai t Esawmill wis in very great dangeC. C. Mc Intuuosh's fpremises nearly caught tire evelial times. A great extent of grass land was burnt black. Feed and water very scarce. An inquest was held to-d gy oni the lile at Cameron and Lynh's mill, beforo Mir. G. launisell, coroner, when a verdict of accidentally imint by bush.fire was returned. Kiosra Hlsse, the residenceof Ir. W. Hlawdon, il much danger. Many more disasters are expectel to be reported. Charles Crapp had outhousnes and 550 bushels of imaize burnt. The condagration will be remembered for years itn 3Mhruya.-Tetegrain to Echo. TuIn Blt.riuwouua ,fumss.-Thae new timle-table hans been issued of the manil.service to come into opera. tion upon the opening of the railway to Tarago. The mails will arrive at Tarago at 3.55 a.m., and Ilave the pust.ollico there at 5, after oni hour and live minutes' deluay, which certainly sceeos a waste of time, when the period between its arrival and de'parture at Gtu, lburn is only thirty minutes. There is, however, in huur and lifteen minutes in 1Iraidwtod, the mail arriving at 10 and lesving iat 11.15, arriving at Araluen at 1.15 !p.m. and leaving at 5.15, arriving at \Muruya at 9.15 p.m. and leaving at 10.15, reaching Esega sit 3.15 p.m. theu following day. The oulgoing smail leaves Dega it 5 30 a.m. and arives at torniya it 10 p.m., where it is detained till 5.50 a.m. next mtomung, and arrives in lriaildwood at 1.15 p.m. The mail leaves Braidwood at 5.-15 p.mi., arriving at Tarago post-ollice it 10.45 p.m., and at the railway.station lit 11.35 p.m. Dispatch. 11rslu Fsis:s.-Destructivo bush fires hiave ben raging in various pl ats of the district during the last week, and very cousiderable damnago has been done. At Kangaroo Valley Mr. M. Morgan has been a loser to the exten abt of seut £100 by the destruction of a largo quantity of grass, fencing, and a stack of hay. Mr. W. Kellaher of Kangaroo Valley has also s?ustained a severe loss from the same cause. Mr. Iinnus' Taw.mill at the Valley was burnt to the greound oni Saturday night, and the loss is stated to be very heavy. Mr. John liobson's premises at Meroo were also partly burnt ori Saturday night, and over a ihundred and fifty bags of maize with the bIrn were completely udestroyed.--Scrutineer. lioruen Scloot o" Anits.-A bazaar and concert in aid of the Bowral school of arts building.fund came off last week, and was successful in realizing about £120. It is expected that tenders will be in. vited for tile new building some time during the pre sent month. ?'les;.xns onr.-Ou Monday intelligeoce was re ccived in Queanbeyan conveying the sad, but not unexpected, news of thb death of A. Mc Cuing Esq. senior, which took place at his late residence that morning. Tihe deceased was proprietor of tihe flor. lill and other property in that town. lIe reared a very excellent family who from their youth up con ducted themselves inl a highly creditable manner, thereby earlning a reputation of imore value than gold.-We learn that an old and industrious resident of BBungeasduire, named Abraham Devonshire, a boarding-house keeper, attempted suicide on Satur daly nigit by cutting his throat with a pocket.knife, but the attempt was fortunately unsuccessful. lie is to be brought before the police-court.-Q-iueaubeyau Times. D)isASnous Fine or Boullle.-A disastrous fire occurred on Wednesday morning at Messrs. Kirk. patrick and Co.'s lioo brick free and bonded stores, which were completely destroyed, nothing whatever inside being saved. By dint of great exertions on the part of the townspeople the fire was coufined to this building. Fortunately what little wind there was bloew from the south, away from the town and towards the river. This is the third time this firm lias suffered from fire. The first occasion was on the 1st February 1830, when the Rloyal Hotel and other places were burnt. They were thou trading as Tlnompsou, Luke, and Cs). The second time wass on the 2ud February 1f.3, when their now premises, including a large retail store, the London Chartered Bausik, and other buildings were do. stroyed. The new buildings just destroyed were at tihe point of completion. This time many others are affected, as several firms had quantities of goods in bodl. It is reported tlhat the property was insured in the Norwich Union for £7000, and in tihe South Australian for £3500, including tile buildings. The loss, however, is considetably heavier than this. The fire on Wednesday was still burning fiercely in the cellars, where the liquor was stored. The roof and floors fell in at about six o'clock, leaving only tbo walls standing. No cause can be assigned for the flire. Thie store had not beei open sinuce six p.m. on Monday, when every thing aplpeared to be safe as usual. Desiliuctive FirE AT Wa\rLGETT.-As notified by telegram ill last issue, a disastrous fire occurred at Walgett onl Wednesday morning, by which the block of fifleon Ibuildings in Fox-street, extending from Wright and Chadwick's now stqro to I'natersou's lotel, was destroyed. The fire spread rapidly, and at one time tile whole town was threatened with destruction, there being no iwater.supply nearer than the Namoi Rtiver, half a mile fron thbo town. By tile exertions of the townspeople, 'however, the fire was prevented from spreading anly further, anud a good deal of property wan saved. The loss is estimated at £20,000. lIIOUDEDc AT COUTAIIUSD.iI., On tile 27th Deceai. ber, from Cucumbla; sun duo, 11/:-Bay mare, E or F over I near shoulder, star and snip, Ilind feet while, broken-in, 3 years, 14 hands. To be sold on 17th January. IMt'ousenDiE AT Fnousotou:, on the 15th December, front O'Leary's Flat:--Blue-gray mare, like I over Q near shlloulder, B over = off shoulder, hind foot [.ilJ white, star ons forehead, saddle-marked. To be sold on 10th January. tMPOUNDED AT RonuT5LrsoN, on 2(ith December, fromn farm near lRobertson, by Mathew Gay; sum due 8/:-Bay buggy horse, 6 near shoulder, hind feet white, fore feet black, 5 years, 151 hands. To be sold 17th January. ItsMounEir AT Itoculr:v, on 281!1 Decemlber, from Wallbrook sum due 13/7:-Bay or brown hIorse, T over H near shoulder, star in folehcad, collar. marked, aged, 15 hands. A 'CUTE ANIMAL.-The chameleol reckons lhim. self ia clever little beast because h call ehange his calour, but Judson's Dyeswill change thel hue of any material. Judson's Artists' Black gives a "new dress suit" to fire-grate and fender. Judson's Gold Paint turns old picture-frames audcornices into new oneous. Judson is an Alchemist, and the Chemists, Stationers, and Storekeepers are his agonts.-ADv-r. A CLEVER ARREST.-To arrest decompusitionu in Milk, Butter, Meat, Fish, Poultry, se., .c., use "Glacialine," which will keep them perfectly sweet for days or even weeks in tile Ilottest weatherr. "hGlacialino" is perfectly harmless. Sold by chemists, grocers, and storokeepef.s. Wholesalo Agents for New South Wales, SMessrs. Elliott Bros., Sydnoy.--ADn. 4813 