LATE SPORTING INTELLI- GENCE. TOWONG TURF CLUB RACES. ; (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) Tho annual meeting of the above club was held on Friday and Saturday last. The season tbie year being the driest on record in this district, robbed the meeting of many ot its attractions. The hard ground for training had put more thnu one promising facilitate out of it, and the course as well as the jmrronnding country, instead of presenting a bright-green aspect, was witheredand worn-looking, whilethe dust wasattimcsin the road unpleasantly visible. Notwithstanding these drawbacks the attendance on the iirst day was quite as large as at former gatherings, the lair sex, as usual, on their gallant steeds making a large and most creditable addition to the company. The new stand was a great feature, but yet requires a lawn in front. Sheds are also required in the weighing-yard to make it perfect The course, although hard, was in good order, and the only thing now wanting is the plantiDg of some trees and the removal of the dangerous wire fence. I understand that the committee have taken action in the matter already, and they deserve great credit ior all they have done to make the meeting the success it was ; it is a pity they are not better supported by tbe outside public, especially by several of the largest landowners andhorsebreedersin this district. Although the 1'ields starting were small in number, they made up in quality, and but for the unfavorable season would have been still larger ; yet it cannot be expected, while our large breeders stand out as they do, that we can for some time get larger fields together. It is encouraging to see one or two additions to our racing men springing up in our community; also to see outlying districts sending their " nags;" and when we are competing with the produce of such studs as those of Messrs. De Mestre and Mr. H. Phillips, and still able to hold our own, it must be most gratifying to our breeders. The ability displayed by some of the jockeys was very generally approved, and such a feat as the rider of Tomato accomplished in keeping bis seat when the horse fell at the last jump, and losing very little ground by such a mishap, could not be excelled in any part of the world. .. The starting was ably performed by the worthy secretary, Mr. B. Gray ; and tbe handicapping of the same official was proved good by the close finishes as well as by the number of acceptances, although one or two made known their disapproval. The stewards and judge had no fault found with their handiwork, and better order was never kept or a more enjoyable meeting carried out On the whole, tl<e racing was first-class, tbe condition of the horses being better than was ever seen at Towong. The Maiden Plate brought a large and strong field to tbe post, the most fancied being Cranky Jack, who being only six weeks in training, did credit to his trainer. The splendid appearance of Rosebud, however, brought her up first favorite ; Nemesis being reserved for the Handicap. Everleigh spoiled her chance by running inside a post at the start, and coming up the straight Fishwife ran into the crowd, knocked her jock off, and then " went for " the wire fence and fell over it, but strange to say neither mare nor rider was at all injured. The finish was a good one, but Rosebud's very superior condition gave her an easy victory. The Sires' Produce Stakes was contested for by only three young ones, all but King Alphonso sporting Bilk for the first time. He was installed favorite, but Ennui, who had been only a short time in training, made an easy victory of it. Getting badly away, the ground she gained was "a caution," and if well handled there are some good things in store for this filly. Her breeding is much the same as Richmond's, Segenhoe's, &c.; Her sire, Saunterer, is the best-bred son of old RoBe de Florence, and this is saying a great deal. The Handicap was the best race of the meeting, as nearly every animal was backed, Bendemere and Marksman having slightly the call. Rosebud was supposed to be sent to cut out the running for Bendemere, and so she did, being very nearly doing the triik herself. Nemesis was well brought out, as she should be after two years' training, and scored a well-fought victory by a length. Marksman did not run up to his form, nor did Bendemere. The Hurdle Race brought out a small field of three useful-looking horses. ' Mazeppa was made a great favorite, and quite -justified the opinion formed of him by winning easily; but had Tomato not been ridden so far out of it at first, or bad he not hit the last jump, the "pot" might have boiled over. The Flying Handicap was again well contested. The outsider, Kisber, a beautifully-bred horse by Dolon, won rather easily, and his success was most warmly received by the crowd. This ended the first day's programme. The weather on the second day was very warm, a large bush-fire on the hills close by making it still more unpleasant. The attendance was not so large as on the first day, but yet iairly good, the ladies again forming a most marked feature in the scene. The easy way in which Ennui came home in theMares' Produce Stakes left nodoubttbat Bhe was brand away tbebest animal on the course, being quite untrained, and the time excellent. The Derby, which has not yet become the race it is eon to be, brought out a field of five lo the post, and in.no part of-Australia at least could better-bred .animals 'have laced a starter. Fishwife, who has never recovered from a bad attack of strangles, looked weedy as compared with her opponents, but .with condition her quality would have ensured her a host of admirers at Epsom. The race was well contested from the jump, but at the mile pist Fishwife fell back beaten and allowed Virginia to take her place. When fairly in tbe straight Marksman took the lead, which he maintained to the finish, winning easily by two lengths. P.endemer« swerved inside a post, and so gave Hurkaw.iy the honor of second place. The victory of Marksman was the most popular of the meeting, as Mr. Dobinson has done more to forward the true interests of racing in this district, for the short time he has been at it, than any other man—and we have some good ones amongst us. He spares no pains to bring his horses lit to the post, and they go lo win, too. The Consolation Stakes brought a full field to the post, and produced as grand a race as ever was run on any course in the world, as the horses could have been covered with a sheet most of the way. The settling took place at the course, f was not convenient for those from a distance to attend elsewhere on another day. Although the usual "toasting" was indulged in, tbe absence of one of the principal winners caused a deal of unfavorable comment, and until it becomes the custom not to finish up witb these convivialities any one so absenting himself must expect very rude things to be said. One of the losers made some very happy remarks, and if only more of such feeling existed racing would be what it should be—a noble sport. Some remarks were made as to the club being about to lose tbeir secretary, who is leaving the district. There is no doubt as to the esteem in which this gentleman is held in the community. The following are the results of the racing:— FIHST DAY.—FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 29. MAIDEN PLATE, Of 15 sovs. 1J miles. Weight for age. Mr. J. Evans's b m Rosebud, 5 yrs 1 Mr. F. Willis's br g Cranky Jack, 4 yrs ... 2 Mr J. Sutherland's b f Virginia, 3 yrs ... 3 Lardy Harlly, Rose De Florence, Fishwife, and Everleigh also started. SIRES' PRODUCE STAKES, Of 20 sovs., wilb a sweep of 2 sovs. eacli and 5 sovs. from the owners of sires (value of stake, £45). Six furlongs. Colts, 8st. 101b. j Allies, 8st. Tib. Mr. C. Sheathcr's b f Knnui, by Saunterer— Caller Ou (Douglas) 1 Mr. C. Wheeler's g g King Alphonso, by Alphonso—Lady Dulferin (C. Wheeler) ... 2 Mr. J. Dobinson's g g War Dance, by Alphonso—Mystery (B. Wheeler) .1 Time, lmin. 21sec. S&IBB; HANDICAP, Of 20 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs each addei (value of stake, 40 sovs.). 1 { miles. Mr. J. Lloyd's br m Nemesis, by Piscator, 4 yrs, 7st. 71b j Mr. J. Evans's b m Rosebud, 6 yrs, "st. 8Ib.„. 2 Mr. J. Pierce's ch m Bonnie Mary, 6 yrs, 8st 61b 3 The following also ran:—Bendemere, 7st. 101b. i Kisber, 8st ; First Water, 7st. 81b.; Azalea, 8Bt 131b.; Marksman, 7st. 121b. Time, 2min. 46sec. HANDICAP HUBDLE BACE, Of 15 sovs. 14 miles. Mr. H. M. Armstrong's b g Mazeppa, 5 vrs, list, "lb ... „; i Mr. W. Homer's b g Tomato, 5 yrs, lost. ... 2 Mr. S. Daly's Rataplan, aged, lost 3 Time, 3min. lOsec. FLT1NG HANDICAP, Of 10 sovs. Distance, one mile. Mr. Williams's br g Kisber, 4 yrs, 7st. 101b.... 1 Mr. J. Dobinson's bl m Azalea, 6 yrs, 8st. 41b, 2 Mr. J Sutherland's b g First Water, 8 yrs, 7st. 41b ... 3 Little King and Boadicea also started. 