Jsocnl attit General tferns. Mobb DROUGHT.-Tbe following telegram was sent by a squatter to an applicant for a billet on his station No graBS, uo water, no sheep, no money. Collect." PJIOGUES* COMMITTEE.- -A special mooting will be held »t the School of Arte, this after* HOOD, at 4 o'clock yf we lwve been nuked to stute that the business is urgent. Mit, CAMPBELL, M.L.A. - Mr. Thomas Campbell, junior member for the *3ook etec* torutc, paid a visit to this district during the work find spent a few days looking up old acquaintances in this part <>f the Downs. We trust the members of the Progrclii .Com mittee eeized.the opportunity of layio^ before him ihe claims of Warwick to direct com tmiriication'with the metropolis." POLICE COUNT.-At the Police Court on Wednesday, before the Police Magistrate and Mr. W. Thompson, J.P., Robert Danvcr, who wns "up" for drunkenness, was discharged with a cautibn. Yesterday a cAso in which Henry Boyle applied to have Donald Muttbie eon bound over to keep the peace, »M adjourned until Tuesday next in consequence of the illness of defendant. The WE.vthkb.-The cloudy weather which I brought us such a welcouio change at- the Vanning of;tbe, weefc gave place to sunshine I on Tuesday, and the weather has since been ' fine, but rather unpleasant owing to the preva" j lenee of cold westerly winds. There is £ ' rpring in ttoc gr.tSB, but winter has come upon us'tddi Suddenly to permit of 'the; district, tle riving the full benefit- trott the late fains that was anticipated. Therfc WHS a sharp frost on Thiiteday night, and every likelihood of another last night. THE P&OPOBED; BANQUET.-The "heavy fall of rain," which the Minister for Works stipulated for ob a condition piecedent to his ;1ift;Dpfati$e; of. the- baflquet tendered to hii? by the farai$.r^_of this dfe; trict, having since occtirted»* Would It not be ' well to renew the invitation, and include therein the other members of the MinistryP The clerk of the weather having gratified Mr. 'Miles' dotit-e? that fcetatleman cou)d scarcely * (StoW to^mtify the reasonably'deeir^ pfjbis | constituents. THE DtREtfr RotiTB.-Mr. H. E; Clintoti, Government Inspector uodar the JHtrutaad; i Boards Act, will proceed on Monday next to i make an examination of the Range country at the bend of Swan Creek with the view to | ascertaining if a. practicable route for the proposed tine of ratyray to cottpoct.tbe F«ssi-t fern and KiUarney' "branches exlsta in that neighborhood, Mr. Clinton* who is acting under instructions from the Works Depart* , ment, will, we believe, be accompanied by Mr. Horwits, M.L.A., and Mr. R. Gibson, a mem ['of the Wirwick Progress Committee. Tlje wprk, of examining the Range will probably I occupy pearly'a week. ? . FOOTBALL.-The annual meeting of thd1 I Warwick Football Clu1' was held at the Dlvi I eional Board's Office on Tuesday night. Officers were elected as follows: President j Dr. l4iiftips; Vic^Prftstderft^K. Hutchison. Esq.; Hon, Secretary and Treasurer-Mr. H. j Boyle ; and a working committee of four. It was decided to put the club on a new footing by the introduction of bye-laws ; and it ~waa resolved to hold a special general meeting at an early date ib. »^c|dve; and' oBajnt tp ,the same. A cRifllinfrS ttfjtfi th£ Toowoomba Club for the 24th May was discussed, but it Iwa&HeoittiklD; W^jwr^ton of tbf Allora footballers, before dolling' wit^t. Che .football season was declared' open,'arid prac tice will be hold regularly in the Queen's Park. -ill'. EASTERN DOWNS H. ano A. ASSOCIATION. The regular monthly meeting of the com* inittee was held in the Town Hull on Thurs day afternoon. Present-Messrs. A. Morgan (chair), B. Hudson* T. MogrfiJge^ "W. D. Lamb, W. Collins, and J. A. Canny. The minutes of last meeting having been con firmed, the Secretary, reported that there was a balance ita'the bank to the Credit bf the: general account of £11 odd, which turn subsidy now due would increase to about £80; there waaalso the sum'of 421standing to credit of No. 2 account. The following accounts were passed for payment on the motion of Mr. Collins and Mr. J«mb, yiz Fv Reimere, repairs, 10s 6d*j A. 'ShKw'A <3o.j freight,' 4s I 3d ; A. Robertson, timber, £3 lis 2d ; C. A* Wynfie, fialaiy for quarter, £8 i!6s; postage, Xl Os 7dV insuhiace of.sbow binlding (£30a)a' XI 10s; prizes won at late show; £3 2a y total, £18 19s Od. The Secretary reported that a considerable portion of the ftnee sur rounding the Society's ground on the Parson age Hill had beea destroyed by a bushfire some tiireiagoj. about 130 rails anfl a doie'n or 60 of poBts had been burnt. Messrs. Collins, Hudson, and Mogridge were appointed a subcommittee to supervise the necessary repairs ; and on the suggestion of Mr. Hudeon it was decided to warn people against cutting down the trees growing on the land in ques tion. This was all the business. New ENGLAND-Mr. James Inglis (well known in the journalistic world as ° Maori";, who passed through Warwick during the week on his wny overlond from Sydney to Brisbane, kind'y looked in and furnished us with the following infoimation as to "how the world wags" just ocross the Border* There is a good spring in the grasB generally throughout New England, and as mild nights ha/e been experienced as yet tfaefe will pro bably be q fair supply of feed for the winter. There had been little or no rain in the imme diate neighborhood of TenferfieM, but be* tween Goonoo Goonoo aud Wilson's Downfall soiue heavy downpours had been experienced* At Tingha und Vegetable Creek, where it is most required, the rain still holds off; at each : of these plarcB from £10,009 to £15,00C worth of tin is stacked waiting water. Biui-1 ness is exceedingly lively in Tcnterfield, as might be expected from the fact that a large proportion o? the £10,000 paid attay monthly by Messrs. Cobb & Co. for rapes finds its wny into the pockets of the Tenterflsld tradesmen. The raihvoy works are in a very forward slate, everything speaking of the admirable method and capable organisation of Mi'. Engineer Mnson, who is managing the contract for Cobb & Co. lhc line to Ulcn Innos will bn opened for public traffic next month; the ballast engine is at present runniug right into the town. It has been decided by the inhabitants to holdover tho "demonstration1' in honor of the advent of the iron horse until September, presumably bemuse of 'ho severity of the wintor months, whif.h il. is fojiod would interfere with the attuudiitiou of visitors, 