LOCAL NEWS. To-night a tea and public meeting, in connection with the Lambton Primi- tive Methodist Church, will take place. THE public meeting, under the aus- pices of the Rising Sun Lodge of Good Templars, advertised to be held this evening at Adamstown, has been indefi- nitely postponed. THE members of the City of New- castle Lodge of Grand United Order of Oddfellows are reminded that a summoned meeting will take place to-night, when important business will be brought forward. IT is stated that the chief officer of the barque Iris, which arrived at New- castle on Saturday morning, died during her passage, on Friday morn- ing, and was buried at sea the same evening about 8 o'clock. YESTERDAY morning, during a squall, a collision occurred between the barque Forfarshire and a French barque, in the North Harbour. The vessels were swinging at the time. The only dam- age of any extent was the loss of the Forfarshire's mizentopmast and some gear. A CORRESPONDENT informs us that, as a result of the recent bush-fires, over a hundred snakes have been killed in the Adamstown and Charlestown districts during the past week. This is in addition to an unknown number that were disposed of in the conflagra- tions. AT the Police Court, on Saturday, Constable Oxley, of Hamilton, brought up an old offender, Annie Wetzler, on a charge of vagrancy. She was sent to Maitland gaol for a month, being a common prostitute, and without law- ful visible means of support. Donald M'Alister, a cook, for drunkenness and obscene language at Hamilton, was fined 25s., or a week. One drunkard was also dealt with. ON Saturday, a herculean-looking bushman sought to amuse himself by annnoying a blind organ-grinder in Hunter-street A water-police con- stable took exception to this pastime, and ordered him to desist. A melee resulted, in which the officer ran a risk of being very roughly handled, but eventually he secured his big quarry, and placed him in safe quar- ters. A REVISED list Of the merchandise rates on the Government Railways has been published, and came in force on 1st instant. The alterations are not very important. Condimental food in bags for live stock is now classed in the rate sheet at special A rate. Pianos hitherto at fourth class rates only, may now be carried under the third class at owner's risk. The rates for goods carried by measurement have been re- moved by increasing the number of cubic feet to the ton. ON Saturday night, January 26, a very important session of the Grand Lodge, I.O.G.T., was held in the Mechanics' Institute, Plattsburg, for the purpose of conferring the Grand Lodge degree to those entitled to it, and to transact various matters of interest to the order. Bro. Wigley G.W.C.T., Bro. Jack, G.W. Sec., and various other brethren from Sydney, were present. Several addresses were given, making the meeting very plea- sant and enjoyable. The chair was occupied by Br. Wigley, G.W.O.T. DURING the customary Saturday night blackguardism in Hunter-street, caused by the Salvationists and Whiite Ribbcn Armyists marching and howling, a fatal accident nearly occurred. Near the School of Arts the horse of a telegraph messenger, having taken fright through the row and disorder, commenced plunging, and trampled down a boy. He was removed away by his friends. Later on a juvenile riding on an over- crowded Wallsend omnibus, slipped backwards on to the street, and almost fractured his skull. THE benefit to be tendered by the Great Northern Variety Club to Mr. Joseph Harman takes place on Thurs- day evening next. The reason assigned for the benefit is that Mr. Harman has, for the past nine years, been always to the fore in the cause of charity; therefore, as stage manager to the Variety Club, the members have decided to pay him a compli- ment. A good programme has been arranged; in fact one of the best yet upon the boards by this company. THE Salvation Army at Lambton held a monster tea-meting in the Music Hall, on Saturday afternoon. Upwards of 700 persons attended. A meeting was held in the evening, at which there was great firing of guns and wounding of the enemy. The object of the tea-meeting was to raise funds towards building barracks; and, as the whole of the provender was supplied gratis by the soldiers a good sum no doubt was realised from the sale of tickets. ON Thursday evening last the Rev. W. H. H. Yarrington, M.A., of West Maitland, delivered a very instructive and interesting lecture in the school- room of St. Peter's Church, Hamiiton, in aid of that church building fund; Mr. H. B. Cotton in the chair. The subject, " An Hour with the Poets," was handled by the lecturer in an elo- quent and masterly manner. The attendance was not so large as might have been expected. Those who were present met with a treat, the like of which has seldom or never been ob- tained in Hamilton before. A vote of thanks to the lecturer and chairman brought the meeting to a close. It is contemplated to hold a bazaar in aid of the same object as the above, in June next. Messrs. Reynolds Brothers, contractors for the brickwork of the new building, are progressing well with their work; and the energetic com- mittee of ladies who have worked so well all through the piece are deter- mined that the new church will be opened with !itle or no debt upon it. On Friday a few drops of rain fell, and the weather yesterday was most oppressive. A strong hot north- westerly wind was blowing, and the heat and the dust was hardly bearable. In the evening a "southerly burster" came up, and the atmosphere became beautifully cool, although the dust was very penetrating. A tornado occurred at Pelican Flat yesterday evening, which was attended with lamentably fatal results The particulars will be found in another column. The break up of the drought appears to be general, judging by the news from various parts of the country. OUR Wallsend correspondent says: —" Mr. J. M. Yelland, one of our bank managers, who has been amongst us for a few years, is about to take his departure to Victoria. It will not be too much to say that his departure will be greatly felt in many respects, especially,to the fatherless children and poor deserying widows, for Mr. Yelland has never tired in doing good. His affability has made him respected by all, and more especially among the members of the juvenile Institutions, for he appears to always be getting up some amusement to please them; and, should he be as useful in Victoria to the rising generation and others as he has been in Wallsend, Mr. Yelland will be a blessing to the people resid- ing in the place whither he is going." 