CASTLEMAINE POLICE COURT. Friday, January' 4th. r (Before Messrs. Nicolson, Pearee, and Green- . hill.) . . Drunkard.— James Bowerbank, who had been drunk at the railway station on Thursday, ex pressed his regret at his excess, .which was the first time for 10 years. H6-was fined 2s 6d. Begging. — Patrick O'Neil ; was complained against for begging. He had been drinking and soliciting money, and said he would leave the town at onee if let go. He was liberated. Bad Conduct. — Joseph Barkland was com- plaiuod against for insulting behaviour. He had been very abusive to Mr Sampson, towards whom he threw stones. He had also been swag gering about taking up the breadth of the foot path. - He was' fined 10s, in default to be im prisoned for 48 hours. xulatemng words. — XhoDias Wilson was summonedby Constable Steele for using threaten ing words on 28th December. Mr Memfield ap peared -for defendant. Acoording to Constable Steole, Wilson was speaking loudly to a cab man, nnd telling him he would punch his head. This was opposite Butler's corner; ' He also in quired if tho cabman was licensed, nnd the Con stable replied that Gregory was. Mr Butler, who wns at his shop door, did not hear what conversation had preceded Wilson's invitation to a person in the cab to come and have his bend punched. It appeared there had been some conversation about tho cabs going into tlio re- servo at Campbell's Creek without paying, and that Hill, a iiassengor, oxpe'cted to seo in the newspapers a notice about cabmen being sum moned. Hill had " chaffed " Wilson, and said, " you are no man," and this brought forth the rejoinder about " punching." Mr Morrifiold re marked it was singular that Hill, the principal person, wus not summoned, 4'or it was with him the conversation arose, and to whom the Ian gunge was used. A letter had appeared in tho papers about cabmon having forced their way into tlio sports at- Campbell's Creek, and suggest ing they should seud their half crowns to Mr Freobody for the ohnrities. -. Hill had called out to Wilson " he'wanted kicking " for tho letter, and this brought /forth the angry reply. Tho Police Magistrate remarked Wilson had indis creetly used impropor language in the street, but under tho circumstances only tho small fine of 2s Gd would bo inflicted, with 5s costs. Transfer.— The license of the Railway Hotel was transferred on the application of Mr Hanbury from Mary Ann Lancaster to Richard Coopey. A" CLIMB UP MOUNT ALEXANDER. On New Year's Day several of U3 who at tended tho picnic at Harcourt decided to make a determined attempt to reach the Bummit of the Mount, and after partaking of tho lunch which' was provided for the picnicians, we started on our trip. The day was nice and warm,' just the sort, as ono of the "party stated', for a good walk, and for the first mile or so along the road, which although rather rough and stony in some places was plentifully shaded with large overhanging gum trees, wo proceeded on I our way with spirits light and hearty ; but how they changed before our return On our jour ney we passed several private picnics, camped a little off the track, and a large bush-firo could bo seeii burning in the distance, while two or three white tents scattered hero and there "gave tlio scene a pleasurable aspect" so different from what those accustomed to the noise and bustlo of city life are used to. From a high hill which we crossed, the Mount presented a really granid sight. Stretching away in front of us, it could bo seen covered with tall, majestic trees, inter spersed with rocks and boulders of granite, and dark grey stone, which, at the distance,- appear as if an infant's touch could urge their headlong passage down tho verge ; and on our left was the" Pyramid, a small conical hill, which looked as steep and as difficult to ascend a3 the Mount itself, while on tho other hand was a long rango of hills covered with thick, heavy, impenetrable- looking timber. Shortly before reaching the base of the Mount we overtook numbers 'of others bent on accomplishing the same difficult task a3 ourselves. But at last we came to tho base of the mountain and sat down for a short time before beginning the ascent. After taking a drink from a delightfully clear stream that we came across, the climb proper was commenced, and for a little way we were laughing, talking and taking things easy, ' gathering tho wild flowers — beautiful flowers of every hue which clothed the sides of the mountain ; but so toil some wa3 the road to trace that ono after another dropped their floral treasures, leaving them to die and wither away. Soon after starting' the climb we passed several quiet, harmless-looking cows, busily intent on cropping the sweet green grass, nnd on one or two of them looking up to discover who had taken the liberty to invade their feeding ground one of the more timid of the party exclaimed, " What a wild, vicious; looking brute. I wonder if it will rush," but a wave of the hand soon made them disappear in to tlie wood. By degrees several of us showed signs of backing out, one young lady naively re; marking, " If it is such hard work to climb Mt. Alexander, what must it be to climb a mountain thousands of feet high !" The higher up we got the more plentiful became the immense rocks and boulders scattered about in every direction; all of which were old and covered with moss and lichens, forming a grateful shade from the rays of the afternoon sun, which were making themselves felt rather uncomfortably. What convulsions of nature must have occurred here long ages ago to form those great blocks of stone into such fantastic and peculiar shapes as they are at present ! Some appear like huge mounds; half buried in the long grass and oreeping plants which are so abundant, others standing on an end as if the least thing would make them roll over and over until they reached tho bot tom. Others again seemed (is if giants had been at play with them, so peculiarly were they formed. In one place we saw three blocks of several tons weight placed on the top of two others apart by themselves, having a most pecu liar appearance, and in other spots tall peaks and thunder-splintered pinnacles reared their jagged ends high in the air, while in afiother place was a perpendicular wall of rock without the slightest sign of vegetation upon- its iron- like face. Myself and a friend, were the only two of the party who succeeded in reaching the summit, and when there, what a splendid sight presonted itself to us far away ? On either hand was the thick, dense bush, broken at intervals, by farms and clearings, which looked only like" mere brown patches in the forest of trees, .while in the distance were long ranges of mountains stretching as far as the -eye could reach until they finally lost themselves- in tlio misty, hazy atmosphere. On our left lay far away what ap peared to be some township or city only just, discernible, and how I wished I had not for gotten my excellent field-glass, which I had left behind at the last moment. On our riglit could" be seen the Harcourt Reservoir, its clear blue waters rippling in the sunlight, while a'sihall, boat, looking scarcely bigger than a walniit' shell, could be seen dancing on its waves. Look ing down in the valley beneath us could be seen the dark smoke of a bush-fire rising idly against: thelight azure sky. Howquiet everything was, not a sound except the melodious whistle of the mag pie, with the ceaseless hum of numerous insects and the tireless drone of the mosquito to. break the summer stillness that reigned: all round..- EtJ. still was everything that a large hare frisked and gambolled about, without showing the slightest/ concern at our presence, and a monster- lizard basking in the sun on a stump crawled lazily Aff a3 my companion trod on a dry branch lying close by. What a pleasure it wass to lie and'.'roll among the fresh green ferns and pluck", the. delicate maiden hair growing in the crevices Of' rooks and roots of tlie trees ! While resting in the shadow of two great rocks, which formed a . sort of cave, my attention was directed - to' a spider busily engaged in spinning its web across the entrance, reminding' me' of the famous les son of perseverance, whieli ono of these insects taught the great Scottish" warrior Bruce, while. In hiding from his enemies. After a shortest' we took a bit of a walk along the brow of the Mount, and saw several wild cherry trees, she- oaks, wattles, and a very pretty yollow flower ing shrub, growing to the height of about" three feet, and from behind a thick- bush wo started a half- grown kangaroo or wallaby, which bounded oft", and almost as soon as we saw it was lost to sight in the scrub. Wo then commenced /pur descent, which if not so. difficult as.-the -asceut) was considerably more risky,: as each step if not carefully attended to would probably send us on our laces.- Siding, slipping along, . - catching hold of trees" and shrubs to prevent us going/too fast, we were soon half way down, and passed a large bare spot where the soil had been .washed off by tho rain, leaving the surface of the "rock quite flat and bare. In time more and more of tho earth -will be swept away, and projiahly; uitiuus ui Mio tuuti UAjJuauu. ouoil ailBr, we reached the bottom, and were glad to re- : fresh ourselves with a copious draught of fresh spring water, springing from the rocks on' tlie ! side of the Mount . — Independent. 