aiELBOTOKSE. "(FEOil ODU 0\TX-COItKESP03IDEST.) Friday. "JLtie Marchioness or JS ormanbys health varies •Kith the varying moods of the weather, and to-day she was reported to he doing fairly welL It is understood that his Excellency, during his recent visit to Sydney, endeavored to arrange for a swinging bed on board the mail steamer in order to obviate, to a large extent, the fatigue of a long voyage on the invalid, but it was found that such a bed could not be obtained- Dr. James will accompany the vice-regal party as medical attendant. People interested in the grain trade complain that the shipping of wheat is delayed, owing to the defective arrange ments made by the Hallway department. The matter was to-day brought under the attention of the Hallway Commissioners, who are going to endeavor to devise a remedv. The overdue rents of the agricultural selectors still continue to reach the Lands . department so rapidly as to render it more than probable that, with here and .there a trifling exception, the whole amount will he cleared off by the end of the present month- On the 14th January last the deficiency amounted in the aggre gate to £42,100, but when the official returns came to be made up on the 14th .February, it was found that the inflow of "■ receipts in the meantime had reduced the debt to £8014. Since the latter date, " upwards of £4000 has been received by the department in addition, thus leaving but little more to be done in order to enable the agricultural debtors of the Crown to start again with a clean sheet. ~MV Tucker, Minister of Lands, accom panied by Mr Skeene, the Snrveyor GeneraL proposes to visit Lake Condah, in the Western District, on Thursday next, for the purpose of ascertaining the practicability of a scheme for draining a 'large area of adjacent swampy land by cutting a channel into the lake, to which there is reported, to be a natural fall of 15 feet. This is an improvement which, has frequently been adroeaied by resi dents of the district, and in the event of its being carried into effect, a considerable area of what will 'probably prove rich agricnltnral land wfll be rendered avail able for selection. Large numbers of fish sent from the Gippsland lakes to this market have had to be destroyed, owing to the hot weather having rendered them unfit for human consumption. Mr Fleming jSbrton, the character de lineator, ' has commenced legal proceed ings against Mwcrs Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, for breach of agreement, and the firm have entered a cross action. Mr sJCorton complains, amongst other things, of wrongful dismissal ; and the others allege a failure on his part to pro vide scenery for his entertainment at certain towns, and also a failure to per form at Albury on certain nights. The cases are set down for hearing at the •approaching sittings of the Supreme Court. Foiwithsianding the discouraging re sults of the two expeditions equipped and sent out by the Argils and the Age news papers respectively, for exploration in 2sew Guinea, it is announced that the proprietors of itie last-named journal are ■mating arrangements for the despatch of another party of explorers to the same region. In this case an effort will in all probability be made, not only to penetrate further inland than any white man ap pears to have done hitherto, but also to cross the island at apart where the width from sonth-east to north-west is ahont 300 miles Mr -Tames Barry, the officer in charge or the Egerton and Eamarook State forests has forwarded to the Minister of Agriculture a brief report respecting an extensive bushfire, which, a few days ago, broke out in the scrub at the Whipstick, and which was -still burning when he wrote yesterday. He states that the fire started in the scrub near Huntly, running thence in the direction of the Kamarook forest, where it attacked and destroyed an old house, formerly occupied by Mr Warren, late forester. Mr Harry warned some neighboring selectors of their dan ger, and by their joint efforts the lire was stopped before it had done any damage to their crops or building. As the farmers continued on the watch for any fresh approach of the flames, all further risk was supposed to he at ah end, while the timber in the forest being green, no great mis chief was apprehended-in that quarter. 