VICTORIA. MBIIBOT/RNB, Friday, December 28. . James Lyons, a resident of Garvoc, waa kicked by a mare at Warrnambool yesterday and killed. Bishop Moore, the new Eoman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, was presented with a gold chalice by the parishioners on Monday. A trip from Ballarat to Geelong was made on ' Boxing-day by two Ballarat cycliats oh a sociable tricycle. . Adolph Behrens, who is charged with having ! been the promoter of the Progress sweep, was before the city bench to-day. Ble waa remanded. Mick Parker, the celebrated cross country rider, died on Wednesday from injuries received at the ¡ Allendale races. Dr. JameB Usher, who waa formerly in irami« ? gration depot at Brisbane, and who was sum marily dismissed for alleged indiscretion and. debarred from further employment in the publio I service, has received a letter from Mr. Griffith , intimating that the prohibition has been removed. \ His integrity ia not impugned, but it is alleged , that he was not entirely discreet. i " ; Saturday, December 29. . . The work of duplicatingtlie North-eastern rail« i way line is being rapidly proceeded with. The dairy owned by Mr. John Kerr, at Camp bellfield, was burned down yesterday. Seven horses were killed, and two of the employes nar rowly escaped. The damage amounts to about ¿1900. Mr. Hickman Molesworth, barrister-at-law, baa been appointed County Court Judge, vice Mr. Skinner, resigned. Majors Sargood, Templeton, Freeman, and . Sleep, have been advanced to the rank of . Lieutenant-Colonel. They are now the senior officers in command of the battalions. 1 . J. M'Donald, postmaster at Omeo, ha8 been suspended for alleged embezzlement. Alfred Sugdon, a traveller, has beon committed for trial at the City police court for .'.embezzle , ment from his employers^.Messrs. J." H. Walker and Co., biscuit bakers. His defalcations amount to. ¿?200. - . ' . . .burgeon-Major Fulton has been appointed chief medical officer of the naval and land-forces. . In ref erenco to the Pollard Opera Company, the Cabinet has decided that each case must be dealt with'specifically, and that the parents mustshow the'exact terms upon which the- children were ] engaged. ; , * . . Several vacancies have occurred in the Post office through the dismissal of Mr. Pitman. Mr. , Caldwell will probably be appointed inspector in the place bf Mr. Pitman. 1 Messrs. Smibert and Ö utram : are also to be promotéd. , Mr. Frederick Marshall, the comedian, returns to Melbourne in the John Elder. Mr. Legg, manager of the Bank of "Victoria, at Elmore, met with a serious accident while shoot in g yesterday. He shattered .his hand and blew off two fingers. , : The steamship Glyde, ran into a boat yesterday afternoon. The boat -contained several of the crew of the "Victorian and the Nelson. Thoywere precipitated into , the hay, but they managed to ', scramble aboard the Clyde. \- The Duke and Timor Co., at Maryborough, has offered to pay compënsatiôn to the widows and relatives bf the miners who were killed va. the recent accident if legal proceedings are aban doned. The"bffer will probably be acoepted. Judge M'Farlanej of the county court, has ac cepted the position of Civil Service Commissioner under the new Public Service Act. ' ''.J" Monday, December 31. The eight boura* system in the printing trade came into force to-day. ; A young man named Murphy was killed on Friday night while sitting beside a fire in his hut near Waterloo. A tree fell and knocked Murphy into the fire, where he was roasted to death. 'Terrific dust storms occurred throughout the colony on Saturday. Constable M'Sweeney was brutally assaulted by larrikins in Hotham on Saturday night. He is "in. a critical state. The larrikins who assaulted him have been remanded for seven days. Bail hos been refused. Several actions for compensation have arisen out of the late railway accident hear the Flem ington racecourse: ; They will shortly be tried in the Supreme Court.. The chief actions are those of Bartlett, who claims ¿8300 j Lynch, ¿6500 j L. Atkinson, ¿62500 ; ^Jame's Atkinson, ¿62500} Lawrence ¿61000 j Hayes, ¿81000 ; Moloney, ¿S2000; M*Inerny, ¿6l500. ? . , .Two unreported accidents happened with the Woods brake this mouth. The first, occurred on the North-Eastërn line, near Benalla, on Decem ber 5, and the other.on the Sandhurst line. A bricklayer named Austin was found dead on the banks,,of "theCampaspe River on.Saturday. He had been . drinking heavily, and it is supposed that he fell over the bank accidentally and was killed.^:-: li . " .. . V ? A. large bush fire ia "raging at Waranga. It has been burning for two1 days. The fire tra rdletî six mile» yesterday, and great damage bas beso done, , , . . . , i. young man named Fletcher baa been arrested, for an alleged capital offence upon a little girl. Bail bas been allowed. Messrs. Cleghorn and 0113800*8 tannery, at Footscray, was destroyed by fire on Saturday evening. An adjoining cottage was also burned, îhe damage ia estimated at ¿64500. At Elmore bush fires have destroyed 120 acres of crops, and other property. The post-ofllce and a number of gtores at Strathdown have been burned to the ground, yesterday Messrs. W. Inglis and Oo.'s printing office was gutted, and a large quantity of printing material and some machinery were damaged. The loss ia estimated atT23500. The premises were insured for ¿62500. r Tuesday, January 1. The approximate retrait of this season's wheat crop has been published by the " A*gus." The total area under crop is given as 1,014,500 acres. The estimated yield of wheat is estimated at 14,993,250 buahels, averaging nearly 15 bushela per acre. # The new poatal regulations came into force to day. Poatage, fee, and duty and railway freight stamps are now interchangeable. This will prove a great public convenience. Buah fires are raging in several places. It was reported last night that two men were burned to death at St. James's, near Benalla, through the spreading of a bush fire. Thirteen " magamen *' have been arrested by the police. ' The New Postal Act came into operation to £ay. The postage on letters is now 2d per ounce, ¿id instead of 2d per half ounce. ^ The postage '5n newspapers to all the colonies is id. Letters may be stopped by the Postmaster-General upon certain condition. The revenue receipts for the half-year ended December 81 were ¿82,784,631'. There is an in crease of ¿69995 for the half-year, and ¿822,870 for the quarter. The decrease for the year is £85,833. The Sandhurst gold returns for the past year show that the output waa 2,22l,981ozs, or about $i tona. About .£70,000 were spent on machinery during the year. ' .* .': ?Wednesday, January 2. Seven women appeared in the City police court this morning, charged with being the occopiera of houses frequented by persons having no lawful means of support. This ia the result of the Nathan prosecution at South Melbourne. Constable M'Sweeney, who was injured by larrikins in Hotham, ia reported to be dying. Bush fires are still raging over the colony. A great amount of damage has been done around PatnarBenalla, Shepparton, and other placea. John Gregory, J.P., auctioneer and commia sion agent at Hotham, has. been arrested on a charge of forgery. The sergeant of police, in asking for a remand, said that Gregory had ad mitted having forged bills amounting to ¿81500. The total amount is expected to reach ¿82000. The weather ia fine and cool. Madame Wiedermann, the prima donna who recently arrived here from the continent, was prevented by sudden illness from making' her debut in Melbourne last night. Miss Alice Sydney Burvett, the pianist, was well received. The Salvation Army held a great demonstra tion itt the Exhibition Building, yesterday. ' The servicea were attended by large crowds bf people during the day. The health lectures which are being given here by Mra. Dr. Potts are attracting immense au niencea. Stripping is in full awing in most parts of the colony, but agricultural labour is very scarce. The labourers in the Tatura district are striking for a shilling an hour. ^ A serious fire is raging at ~Mr Winter's Dhur .Inghile station in the Goulburn district. 800 men are out trying to extinguish it. On Monday night an ol4 woman wandered into a Bilfc depot at "Williamstown, where she sank into the aof t mud. She remained in her perilous position for several boura with her head just above the surface. She . was extricated with great difficulty. . Seven women have been summoned for keep ing immoral houses. Thursday," January 8. Mr^M'Grath, an ex-captain in the Ballarat fire brigade, was violently assaulted near Bunin yong yesterday by Sergeant O'Neil and constable Slater, of the Ballarat police. He was found où the ground insensible, with aome. of hia ribs broken. Slater waa arreated and O'Neil aus-! pended. Mr. M'Grath is in a critical state. Lord and Lady Rosebery have gone tb Tas mania. ' ? ' ?. ? :. ' ; ? ; t ? v . ; -, A fire broke out in the rear1 of tho Leviathan Clothing Company's premises, Bourke-street, at 3 o'clock this morning. Two floors devoted to the boot blanch were dbatroyed. The stock in the Other parts, of the building was damaged by water. The damage is covered by .insurance. ^ In the Myrtleford police court, yeaterday, a young man named "William Green was charged, tata having committed a criminal assault upon Mary Austin, 16 years of age. It is alleged that he threw the girl down and committed a capital offence. He was remanded for eight days. ;. Bush'fires are Btill raging throughout the colony. ? ? .? . _ Henry Holden, proprietor of an oyBter saloott> in Bourke-street, was fined ¿83 for having as saulted Mr. Dalton, merchant. Queen-street. The assault was'caused by adiatmtd iu the Oyster saloon. A coloured mari named Wllliatng, "who keeps a restaurant, waa charged with having allowed dis orderly persons to assemble on' his pf émises. He was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. . In the. Prahran .police court, tooday, two men named Croucher and Handley wero charged with P*ving swindled a furniture dealer named Edward Roy out of ¿S20, by means of a trick known as chaikB," ' The case is proceedingand ia likely to last some timé. .. '1 ^ . ? \- Several member's of the' Salvation Army ap peared in the . Hotham - police' court, to-dayi charged with' haying violated .the. Borough Coun cil a by-law, respecting, the malling of procos pions through thè streets, Several Salvationists were fined 5s, The fina was raised to £5, and notices of appeal were then giren, 