Disastrous Bush Fires. A.A. CO.'S PITS IN DANGER. CHA3LEST0WN PARTIALLY DESTEOTED. [By Telegraph. iiHoM ooe COBREsrouKEXT.l Newcastle, Thursdav. Tlie ^Newcastle Ueraxd oi this mornine- contains the fol lowing partieu'.ats oi frightful bushfires, '-which raged yes terday : — ?* Probably the greatest bnshfire known for years in the district spread from the direction of Adainstown toward the A. A. Company^ pits shortly before noou jts terday. The extent of the conflagration at first could hoc well be ascertained, owing to blinding clouds of smoke and name, -which turned daylight into ? absolute impenetrable darkness. With little or no warning, and assisted by a strong wind, a volume oi fire obtained mastery ? of the vegetation on all hands, trees, grass, and shrub burning rapidly to ashes. An alarm ?was speedily raised at both, of the A. A- Co.'a pits, and. under the direction of the manager, Mr. Turnbnll, thd whistles ?w,ere $et going; and kept continually sounding1. Gaining full sway along the level flats dividing -the Glebe from Adarustown the flames ram rapidly toward the old pit, and so 'imminent was the danger that signals were sent below, and the men working ?underground, together ?'with7 the horses, mode a harried escape through the old -workings to the shaft of the Boreho]e*pit, where they were brought to the surface, and got fresh air. A portion of the poppetheads and other gear at the Glebe shaft-mouth was ignited, but er tinguishea; the grass and fences nil round burning like a furnace; while-for fully a quarter of a mile nearer to hand the fire spread rapidly toward l.avenshaw-street Junction. Here the risk of destructiou to many thousands of pounds worth of property, amd the loss of life, became imminent. Ganirs of men, 40 or 50, set to -work amid the suffocating fumes of burned timber, And succeeded in' saving the Wea leyau church, which had ignited ; also, Mr. Wm. Davies's resideuue (the stable of which was afire), and Mr. Thomas Bodgers's premises, which -were only saved by means of wet blankets after 'great 'efforts. 'Tha - house of Mr. Wm. Knight, carter.' was 'also damaged, aud many existing risks were incurred.- Several sick persons auct invalids clamoured loudly for help, and were removed bodily to safe quarters, as they were being UteraHy suffocated ; while cries for assistance on all hands, amid an almost Egyptian dark ness only illuminated .ty the spar kB from falling timber rendered matters exciting in the extreme. One old resi Sent, Mrs. Phillips; had to be tarried from her bed. The management, fearing danger, emptied the powder magazines' contents into a truck, and Jiad them, (about 17001b or blast ingpowder,&c.;)iBSentoa;plBaceoiE safety. JTor iras this too soon, asa' large skeleton tree a'few raids from tho magazine later on caught fire and blazed .furiously.. Both, the engine-houses ware slightly fired, and for a time it ippearedas though e'verytbiJMcwas to lie sVejjt away. The men. however, worked ; unitedly aud pUlantly, never relaxing until' choked off for a' minute or two ind finally they had the satisfaction of getting the danger tempo rarfly.jvs-erted. Stray gauge were-on watch all last light in cue of a further outbreak. The fire subsequently wept away toward the -Broad Jtteadows, where Beveralacoi lente are reported. The country nil around was during the kftemoon and night a mass o£ fire, iofi&Be; Bjoaoke obscuring ihe horizon on all Bides. A dense Haze enveloped the city p*sterdav;and£louQB of smoke ware driven 6Bawardt(yOia lot north-east wind which blew all day. Along the coast lorananyimlettushftres a».r«ttmg,1indtTOmiI«mbton ind almost crery centre newB is axrivitig of '^awage done, mdproparty aBdiife»ndan(?erod,*iy them.'. ^ i : :?? ?? -. Accounts from Charlestown are heartrending. Before isaes. Ihe public school had a Jttarrow«»c«£e. *nd doie&s; -ic residences were partially ^destroyed. Tie Waratah \- - - i tt several thousands of pound.' v i^iaHy des-» royed, and their horse etables were :liinolisbe-i,. The latter were saved bynutansof v.. ?. -le, -af it-run, alarm had been raised by several w... °. U last ui^Iil,. both at Adamstown ana Charlestowii, .. .'eStilfintB were, at work, carefully beating away the »i»aihs and flames.. Burning trees fell in all directions durine the night. ^ ts terday no one could travel to or from Late MacqB3rif. the main and bye tracks being enveloped in flames. ttr.O. O. Hyde, shipstore merchant, and. several shipmasters, vrlio were out on a trip to the lake, were forced hack by fc«Ja flames and smoke, and had their buggy almost smashed by falling trees. They escaped, half suffocated, to A'iiiius-' town, w3th the greatest difficulty- Two men employed at;: Hillsborought had to run several miles, and upon reaching Charlestown fell exhausted, the fire having followed at their: heels all the way. Atdaylightthehorizon was still overcast,, and during the nisrht it was all but impossible to breathe, owing to smoke imnging over tlie city and harbour. Great fires axe also reported from Stockton and Uorth fchore.. Judge Windeyer's property at Kinross, near Eaymond terrace, is said to have been all but totally destroyed. From every quarter statements of great pecuniary loss are coming to hand. The outbreak has not been equalled in. this locality for over a generation, fccoresof snakes and. other vermin were killed yesteeday in the district. They had been driven by fire from the scrub. 