AGRICULTURAL NOTES. The hot summer weather we have been endnrirjg for some time past is not the sort of thing the farmer would desire if he had the choosing. Piogress has been made notwith standing in preparations for the coming season, and seed has been put in in expectation of a speedy break in the dry spells we bave been experiencing. Searcityof water is a complaint which has become more general day by day. as the want of moisture was more felt. A change may naturally be looked for at an early date, if it should not have set in before this gets into the hands of our readers, and then we shall hear of the agriculturists having their hands full, and of seeding operations being busily prosecuted. While we have been subjected to a spell of hot weather our neighbors in Victoria have had to complain of frosts. The Melbourne Leader of Saturday last writes :—' Winter appears to be setting in early, frosts haying occurred in several of the cooler districts, and also in the neighborhood of the metropo lis, where tender garden produce has been and Gordons state that the potato crops, as well as garden vegetables, have been seriously damaged, and farmers and gardeners, especially the former, have sustained htavy losses'. In the neighborhood of Melbourne kidney beans, cucumbers, and other tender vegetables were injured on the low-lying lands. In other respects the weather has been fine and favorable for firm ing operations ; in a few situations, however, where the rainfall was not very heavy, drought is still complained of, but over a large portion of the colony the soil was well moistened, and , ploughirjg is being carried on briskly. The weather has been fine enough for stubble burning, which has not been in all esses effected under sufficient precautions, and eome small bushfires have occurred in con sequence.' The Australasian says that the moist weather has served to germinate most of the weed seeds and the grain split on the surface, so that there is a prospece of clean crops being grown the next season. The telegrams received late last week from New South Wales stating that the drought had broken up were evidently dispatched be fore circumstances warranted such a state ment being made. The Sydney Mail of Saturday last reports : — ' Although a little rain has fallen during the week the agricul tural outlook cannot be said to have mate rially improved since the time of our lait going to press. The downpour has in no case been plentiful, and it has been mainly con fined to the coast district?. All along the Darling the drought demon still holds hU sway almost unchecked, and although thete is abundant evidence of stout hearts and willing hands to do all that can be done in the back blocks, the hopelessness of fighting against nature has been but too apparent. The showers of the previous week have filled some of the tanks to the southward of Nytnagee, and in some few cases the travelling routes in that district are slightly better ; but nothing but a systematic break up of this fearfully dry season will do any real good. The coast districts, as has been before remarked, have in comparison very little indeed to complain oi. It is but too probable that the winter season will see enor mously high rates roliDg for fat cattle of all descriptions, and to the half-ruined grazier this will be anything but an ill-wind, in another column will be found a telegram from Sydney giving a most deplorable account of the effects of the drought in New South Wales. The Melbourne Leader mentions a novel mode of dealing with the rabbit nuisance which has just been adopted by the Parson* Brothers in the Awatere district. Early one morning, before daylight, when the rabbits were down on ths flats* feeding, about 1,003 yards of string nettiag was hung loosely oo stakes driven into the ground at distances of about a chain apart round Scarborough. Hill, Soon after daylight dogs ware employed to start the rabbits up towards their burro-wj, and the efforts of those engaged ia the opera tion were successful beyond aaticipMion. Started by the dogs, the rabbits made for their holes in large numbers, and, rushing at the loose netting, they became entangled in the meshes and were then easily caught. At 2 o'clock 1,700 had been killed, and it was cTApeuieu Lunw nuvbucr tfuu vruuiu us uubttiucu before dark. The principal event of last week ia Melbourne was the opening of the exhibition of the Winemakers' Association. The Mel bcurne Leader speaks of the show as being on the whole to a certain extent a succeess, but doubts whether, when viewed asan exhibition of wine and other economical products, it is calculated to uphold the reputation of the colony. The society appear* to have been too abitious and to have made the attempt before it was fully prepared. After stating that the exhibits in the branches referred to former but a small portion of the exhibition, and re ferring to the fact that the assistance of various extraneous subjects had to be sought to make up a show, and this to such an extent as to almost extinguish the real objects of the ex hibition, the Leader proceeds :—' Oae of the most important branches of the exhibition in an economical sense is that of wheat, of which there are some dozens of samples, many of them of very excellent quality, and including a considerable number of varieties, among them being the much-talked-of Defiance, by no means an even sample ; the Egyptian, and a small, hard Indian wheat, which, though prolific, is not likely from its inferiority in size and quality to be much sought after. The specimens of grasses are worthy of admira tion, as showing the state of perfection to which they can be grown when sown on good soil and properly cultivated ; hops also are wen anowrj, out, utuer products are scant. The Hungarian grass Setaria Germanics has again come to the fore in Queensland. "As proof of the estimation in which he holds the fodder produced by this grass, Mr. Amos Radcliffe, of Sherwood," says the Queenslander, "has put in since the recent rains every available portion of his unoccu pied land with this crop. Mr. Radcliffe is not experimenting with this grass ; he has been tryirg it long enough now to know its exact value, and he sets a very high value upon it, not only for its nutritive properties, but more especially on account of the short growing now nearly 3 feet high, a little patchy on account of the want of rain at the time it was sown, but showing fairly for a good paying crop. Much of it, however, is only 1 foot high, and some is only now appearing above ground.' An interesting experiment in the cultiva tion of rust-proof wheat has been made on the experimental farm of Mr. A, Bennett, which are given in the Town and Country Journal. This experiment was expressly undertaken (says the journal referred to) for the purpose of testing tbe possibility of resuming the culture of first-class wheat in the Camden and other rust-afflicted districts. The better to test this the seed was sown under every possible disadvantage ; several paddocks were selected in the very midst of the most rust affected localities— some on low, flat land, and some on the heights above. In some instances half a bushel to the acre was diiiled, in others from 1 to 2 bushels were sown to the acre. With the exception of one small paddock, all tbe land sown was old dirty land, more or less exhausted through annual cereal crops for the past twentv years and upwards. In most of the land there was perhaps more oats (self- sown) than wheat, and all was foul with weeds of various kinds. Be sides all these unfavorable conditions, the eeed was sown at different times, and all far too late In ibe season for ordinary wheat msinff Tn nrMitinn tn t.hfi dtsadv«nt&-m nf late sowing there was the further one of the weather of this season being all against late sown crops, and in favor of the early sown. The sowing took place in the months of June, July, and August, while April is the orthodox time. With all these disadvantages, as every farmer who has had the misfortune to deal with the rust blight will ac knowledge them to be, the wheat came to inattmty, yielded a fair crop of first-class grain, while the rust blight did not affect it in the slightest degree. The ears are long, compact, and well filled, while the straw is clean and bright. As a further proof of the crucial character of this trial, in addition to what has already been said, it may be re marked that the oats (as well as some wheat self-sown), which, as before seen, was as plen tiful as the aown crop and growing amongst it, were completely blighted by the rust. Of courae, what with thin and late sowing, poor and very fool land, a heavy crop could hardly be expected, yet the whole crop i« estimated at between 14 and 15 bushels to the acre. Thin 8B the sowing, foul and wom oat as the land wae, it is confidently believed that had the sowing taken place early in April instead of two and three months later, the yield would have reached 40 or more bushels to the acre. The San Francisco Chronicle, ot February 14, reports : — ' The recent rains have brightened the outlook for farmers, and at this time the prospect for a bountiful crop U just as flattering as it was at this date Ust year. The continued coll and frosty weather of December and January retarded the growth of grass, and therefore the pasturage, even upon alfalfa, has been unusually short, but with a few warm days we shall soon have excellent pasturage. Tho cold weather did not prevent the roots of grain from growing. Although the crop gave but little evidence of thrift, it will not in the end have been put back any, for the roots were developing and gaining strength, and now the blades will be pushed forth rapidly. The acreage planted to wheat is about the same as that of last Sear, and with as favorable a season in tho future as we have experienced will give us a good crop and another prosperous year.' One the value of bone dust and ashes com blued as a manure for wheat, the following appears in the Ondiana Farmer, being the re sult of actual experiment: — 'I applied 539 lbs. of dry unleashed ashes to tbe acre and sowed wheat on that, and the r on alt was only 6 bushels to the acre. Adjoining this tract I drilled in 200 lbs. of bone dus-, aud the pro duct was 20 bushels to the acre, being aa increased yield of 14 bushels over thetraco sown with wood ashes. The following year I used 500 lbs. of bone dust on the plot where I had previously sown 500 lbs. of ashes, and the result was 40 bushels of wheat to the acre, being double what the bone dust produced alone. This experiment satisfied me that ashes or bone dust alone would not give a satisfactory result.' . , 