Our Timber Trees. Br ARVID NILSON. .1. TIMBER is the material of trees belonging almost exclusively to that olass of the vegetable kingdom in which the stem grows by the formation of successive layers of wood all over its external surface, and is therefore said by botanists to be exogenous. The exceptions aro. trees of tho palm family, and tree-like grasses, such as tho bamboo, which belong to the endogenous olass : so-called because, although th« stem grows partly by the formation of layers of new wood on its outer surface, the fibres of that new wood do nevertheless cross and penetrato amongst those previously formed in such a manner as to be mixed with them in one part of thir course, and internal to them at another. The stems of endogenous trees, though light and tough, are too flexible and slender to famish materials suitable for important works of carpentry They will therefore not be further mentioned except incidentally, as affecting the general appearance of a particular Mnd of forest. The stem of an exogenous tree is oovored with bark, whioh grows by the formation of successive layers on its inner surface, at the Bama time that the wood grows by the formation of successive layers on its outer surface. This double operation takos placo in tho narrow spaoe between the previously formed wood and bark, during tho oiroulation of tho sap. Ti e sap ascends from the roots to the leaves through vessels contained in the outer layers of the wood ; at the surface of the loaves it acquires carbon from tho atmosphere, and becomes denser, thicker and moi o complex in its composition ; it then descends from tl e leaves to the roots through vessels contained chiefly in tho innermost layers of the bark. It is believed that tho formation of new wood and bark takes place oither wholly or principally from the descending sap. The oiroulation of the Bap is either wholly or partially suspended during a portion of each year (in tropical climates during tho dry season, and in temperate and frigid olimates during the winter) ; and hence the wood and bark are usually formed in distinct layers, at the rate of one layer in each year ; but this rate is nob - universal. Eaoh suoh layer con sista of parts differing in density and colour to an extont whioh var es in different kinds of trees. The tissues of whioh both wood and bark consist are distinguished into, two kinds-cellular tissue, consisting of dusters of minute oells ; and vascular tissues, or wood fibre, consisting of bundles of Blonder tubes ; the lattor being distinguished from tho former by ita fibrous appearance. The difference, however, between thoso two kinds of tissue, although very distinct both to the eye . and to tho touch, is really one of degree rather than of kind, for tho fibrös or tubes of vascular tissue aro simply very much olongatod oells, tapering to points at tho .ands, and "breaking" joint with eaoh other. The tenacity of wood whori strained along the grain, dopends on the tenacity of tho walls of those tubes or fibres; the tenacity of. wqpd.'.when strained across the grain, depends on tho adhesion of tho sides of tho tubes and cells to eaoh other. Examples of tho difforenoo of strength in those different directions will be given in tho sequel. When a woody stem is out aoross, tho oellular and vascular tissues aro .Beoh to.be arranged in tho follow ing manner : In the centre of tho Btom is tho pith, composed of oallular tissue, enoloBod in the medullary sheath, whioh consists of vascular tissue of a particular kind. Prom tho pith .there ox tond, radiating out wards to tho bark, thin partitions of oellular tissuo, oalled medullary raye 5 betweon these additional medullary rays extend inwards from the bark to a greater or les distance, but without penetrating to the pith. ; When the medullary rays aro largo and distinct, as; in the European Oak or tho the native' white boaoh, (Graelina Loiohhardtii), and rod ironbark (Eucalyptus siderophloia), they are called silver grain. Between the medullary rays lie bundles of vascular tissuo, forming the woody fibre, arranged in noarlj concentric rings or layers round the pith. These rings aro traversed radially by the medullary rayB. Tho boundary betweon. two successive ringa is marked more or less distinctly by a greater degree of porosity, and by difforenoo of hardness and colour, The annual rings are usually thioker at that sido of the tree whioh has had most air and sunshine, so that the pith is seldom exactly in tho oentro. The wood of the entire stem may be distinguished into two parts-the outer and younger portion, called sap-wood or alburnum, being softer, weaker, and less oompaot, and sometimes lighter in colour, than , the inner and older portion, called heart.wood or duramen. The heart-wood is alono to be employed in those works of oarpentry in whioh strength and durability are required. The boundary between the sap-wood and the hoart-wood is in general distinctly marked, as if the ohange from the former to tho latter occurred in the course of a single year. The structure of a branoh is similar to that of the trunk from which it springs, oxoept as regards thc difference in tho number of annual rings, correspond ing to the differonoo of ago. A branoh beoomos par tially imbedded in those layers of the trunk which are formed after tho timo of ita first sprouting, caus ing perforation in those layers, accompanied by dis tortion of their fibres, and constituting what is oalled a knot. Considorod with reference to their distribution, general character, and mode of growth, the timber trees of this colony form naturally three distinct kinds of forests, which we shall designate as (I.) brush forests, (2.) open forests, and (3.) scrub forests. ~ The first or the brush forests are characterised by an extraordinary luxuriance, density of growth, great di vorsity of species, and an almost tropical aspect. Most of the trees are of lofty stature and magnificent pro portions, with an abundant undergrowth of ferns and tree-ferns, and adorned above with an almost infinite variety of beautiful mosses, orchids and other epi phytes, climbers, twiners, and creepers, intermixed here and there with stately palms, attaining some times a height of 130ft. Many of tho tree-ferns exceed 50ft in height. The most prevalent kinds of trees are those belonging to the natural families of Sapindacero, Proteaoeas, Meliaoeo, Myrtaoeo), Butaceaj, Euphor biacero, Urticeo, and Saxifrageas. Less common but still numerous are representatives of LeguminoEse, Laurinel, Sterculiaceso, Pittosporeas, Monimiaceaa, Tiliaoese, Sapotaceoo, Apooynesa, and Myrsinece. Coniferas, Bhamnem, Jasmines), Ebenaoea), Aralia ceaa, and Cela8trine£B are represented by several species each, whilst Anaoardiaôeo, Anonaoeco, Styra caoera, Olacinero, Malvaceae Capparidero, Santalácea?, and Verbenáceas furnish at least two species each, and about another dozen orders at least one speoics each. With rare exceptions this kind of forest is only met with east of tho Great Dividing Range, on moun tain slopes or terraces where tho soil consists of de- composed trap and other rocks, in sheltered fertile valleys and ravines, or on rich alluvial flats along the banks of rivers and creeks. During the summer the atmosphere in these forests is generally surcharged . I ' ? ? -< with moisture, and the temperature is always more equable than on adjacent lands with a poorer soil and a vegetation either more open or stunted. Bush- fires seldom or never occur in these forests, which are fre quently difficult to penetrate or explore on account of the uneven surface, rocks, gorges, and the dense and tangled nature of the vegetation. Nothing, however, could be more charming to the beholder than these forests, especially where a glade or open vista occurs to enable him to take a comprehensive view of the scenery. Shrubs are rare, and the stems of the trees aro generally of irregular growth, forming massive angular projections in the shape of wings or but tresses, sometimes of fantastic outline, which, to gether with tho mighty branches and the beautiful, dense, dark green and glossy foliage and the world of Llianas and epiphytes of all sorts which clasp and em brace them, are exceedingly picturesque-the peculiar, green, trembling and almost sunless light which even, on the brightest day pervades these recesses con tributing in no small degree to mystify and delight tho spectator, But although the scenes aro charmed, tho difficulties of exploring these forests and ascer taining the true character of the trees are very , serious, and if we except tho red cedar, the pine, the rosewood, tho ash, tho beech, the tulip-wood, and the silky oak, the most experienced sawyers have fre quently no names for the great majority beyond the vague, general designation of brush-trees, and are unable to give any reliable information with regard to tho qualities of their timber. Even tho practised botanist sometimes finds himself at a loss in these regions, for the foliage of tho trees is so far overhead, and so intermingled with that of neighbouring trees and climbers, the trunks so hidden by epiphytes and the light so uncertain, that in most cases a tree has to bo cut down beforo its identity can bo determined. Sometimes it becomes necessary to cut down several of tho neighbouring trees beforo the given tree will fall, so intertwined and tied together by bush ropes aro tho branohes. No two " brush forests" are exactly alike, fresh species of trees meeting the traveller as he advanoes from one brush to another, whilst others disappear. The most marked difference in this respeot is, perhaps, the absence in the brushes of tho southern districts of such trees as the Araucaria, the Flindersia, the Castanospormum, the Mallotus, the Owenia, and the Tarrietia, which are so very preva lent and give almost a distinctive feature to tho brushes of tho northern districts. Besides the speoies already mentioned the white maple (Villaresia Moorei), tho dark yellow wood (Rhus rhodanthema), tho light yellow-wood (Flindersia Oxleyana), the Marble-wood (Olea paniculata), tho coach-wood (Ceratopotalum apetalum), the beef-wood (Stenocar pus salignus), tho black apple (Achras Australis), the red ash (Alphitonia excelsa), tho sycamore (Crypto carya obovota), the native tamarind (Diploglottis Cuninghamii), the sassafras (Doryphsra sassafras) ' the native laurel (Cryptocarya glaucescens), the maiden's blush (Echincoarpus Australis), the negro head bush (Fagus Moorei). the colonial deal (Podo carpus elata), the damson (Podocarpus spinulosa), the cork-wood (Duboisia myoporoidcs), tho marara (Weinmannia rubifolia), tho lignum-vitæ (Vitex lignum-vitae), tho blueberry ash (Elœcarpus holo petalus), the mock orange (Pittosporum undulatum), tho native ebony (Diospyros hebecarpa), the white sallow (Eucryphia Moorei), tho native mulberry, (Hedycarya angustifolia), tho turmeric (Zieria Smithii), tho brush cherry (Trochocarpa laurina), tho teak (Endiandra glauca), tho wooden pear(Xylome lum pyriforme), the gigantic nettle (Laportea gigas), hugo enormous figs, various kinds of hickory and myrtle, with numerous gigantic eucalypti, pandaneæ, &c.;, are but a few of the vast number of beautiful and valuable trees which are common, and have their home and flourish in our brush forests. As a general rule the timber produced by tho trees of the Brush Forests is finely grained, often orna mental in texture, and nearly always sound at heart, strong and durable. Even when the trees are/ of enormous size and not sound at tho butt, they are found to be solid at no great distance from the root, and differ from those growing in the open forests in being easily worked, and in splitting and cleaving freely in planes radiating from the centre. The second, or tho open forests, are met with in all parts of the colnny except portions of tho Monaro, tho Murrumbidgee, and tho Lachlan districts, where extensive tree-less saltbush plains and downs are common. The trees composing these forests belong almost exclusively to tho natural orders of Myrtaceæ, or species of the genera Euca- lyptus, Melaleuca, Callistemon, Angophora, Syncar pia, and Tristania, yielding timber which is known y the general name of Hardwood. This class of trees is characterised by a more or less naked and lofty stem, with the bark sometimes deeply furrowed or wrinkled and persistent, sometimes smooth and deoiduous, or hanging m long strips from the branohes, a comparatively small head or persistent dry dull- coloured foliage, the branches generally few, sometimes haggard-looking, gnarled, or blown . into odd shapes, with the scanty leaves arranged vertically instead of horizontally, and affording neither shade nor shelter. - Most of these trees are found in well-grassed ridges, and grow to a greater size, and produce better timber on soil rather poor than rich, the more fertile lands fre quently producing trees of comparatively small dimensions, thinly scattered on their surface.. The rich alluvial flats on the margins of rivers and creeks are exceptions to this rule, being nearly always heavily timbered, especially with apple-trees and "flooded gums." Some species of Eucalyptus, like the blue gum and tho blackbutt, are of rapid growth ; while others, like the ironbark and the box, are of exceedingly slow growth. Tho colonial pine (Arau caria) and tho various kinds of oak (Casuarina) sometimes grow among tho trees of tho open forests, as well as some species of Acacia, especially thoso , known aa tho myall, the green wattle, and others, which in many instances take entire possession of vast plains, and constitute open forests by themselves. There is much perplexity and con fusion in regard to tho common names of tho different species of Eucalyptus, tho same name being fre quently applied many times over to different species in different localities ; but it is believed that tho nomenclature hero adopted will bo found aB reliable as any hitherto published. Tho species of Eucalyptus of most frequent ocourronce aro those known as box (E. hemiphloia), bastard box (E. bicolor), yellow box (E. melliodora), stringy bark (E. capitellata and E. obliqua), whito ironbark (E. panioulata and E crobra), rod ironbark (E. sidorophloia), rod flowering ironbark (E. leuooxylon), silvcr-loavod ironbark (E. melano luhloia), blackbutt (E. pilularis), woollybutt (E. 1 jngifolia), Cumberland bluo gum, or Clarence flooded gam(E.soniocalyx),Ti smxnianb'.uegum(E.globulus), redgum, or flooded gum (E. rostrata), whito gum (E. albons, E. stellulata, and E. coriácea), spotted gum (E. maculata and E. hoomastoma), gray gum (E. tere ticornis and E. saligna), yellow gum (E. stuartiana var. longifolia), drooping gum (E. viminnlis), moun tain ash (E. virgata), Argyle apple (E. pulverulenta)* hickory, or leather jacket (E. tereticornis var. braohycóryB), bloodwood (E. eximia nnd E. corym bosa), red mahogany, or foress mahogany (E. resiní fera), swamp mahogany (E. robusta), bastard mahogany (E. botryoides), messmate (E. amygdalina), peppermint (E. piperita), Liguum-vitaj, or poplar« leaved ' gum (E, polyanthemos), tallowwood (E, microcorys), &c;, The species of Angophora are known as apple trees, those of Callistemon and Mela leuca as tea trees, while the species of Syncarpia are known as turpentine trees, and those of Tristania as white box, brush box, bastard box, hickory, swamp, mahogany, or,water (rum. Perhaps one of the most remarkable and interesting denizans of the open forests is the flooded gum of the interior (E. rostrata), known also as red gum white gum, and yarrah-a tree affecting the banks of rivers, and often attaining a height of over 100ft. This tree was a great favourite of tho late Sir Thomas Mitchell, who says of it :-"Its huge gnarled trunk, wild, romantic- formed branches often twisting in coils, shining white or light red bark, and- dark masses of foliage, with consequent streaks of shadow below, frequently produced effeots fully equal to the wildest forest scenery of Ruysdael or Waterloo. Often as I hurried along did I take my last look with reluctance of scenes forming tho most captivating studies. Its shining bark and lofty height inform the traveller of a distant probability of water, or at least tho bed of a river or lake ; and being visible over all other trees, it usually marks the course of rivers so well, that in travelling along the Darling and Lachlan, I could with ease trace the general course of the river without approaching its banks, until I wished to encamp." The third, or the scrub forests, are also common in all parts of the colony on dry and arid, stony or sandy land, consisting generally of low, short stemmed, stunted trees, which, with tho exception of some kinds of cypress pine and wattle, rarely tra duce serviceable timber. The great majority of the trees here belong to tho natural ordors of Legu minosæ, Coniferæ, Proteacea, and Myrtacea ; the remainder being made up of representatives of such orders as Verbenaceas, Santalaceas, Capparideo, Epacrideo, Sapindaceo, Polygonaceas, Pittosporeo, Apocyneo, and Phytolaccacoao, while the under growth is of an exceedingly varied character, and includes most of the under-shrubs and bush-flowers of the colony. The botanical character and affinities of many species found in the scrub forests of the 'interior are, however, still very imperfectly ascer* tained, and great confusion and uncertainty prevail regarding their common or local names. The most widely distributed and best known species are those met with under the names of pine or cypress pine, honeysuckle, myall, boree, silver wattle, currawong, yarren, berrigan, quondong, kurrajong, geebung, dogwood, swamp oak, she oak, he oak, bull oak, belah, emu bush, hop bush, sifting bush, noodle bush, currant bush, cotton bush, and native cherry. Less frequent, or less known generally, are Budtha, Coolibah, Goborro, Bimbil, warrior bush, mustard bush, umbrella bush, Mogil Mogil, sandalwood, Bursaria, Byrnum, Cuba, Mulga, Wilga, Gidgee, and Modderumbung. In some parts of Riverina mallee scrubs are formed by three different species of Euca lyptus (E. dumosa, E. inorassata, and E. oleosa), and also by a species of Myoporum (black mallee), while arborescent species of Muhlenbeckia, Polygonum, and Viminaris form impenetrable scrubs in other parts of tho interior, and Avicennia officinalis consti tutes the well-known mangrove scrubs of the coast districts. The pine scrubs of Riverina and other parts of the colony are formed by species of Frenela, which are sometimes also found associated with Eucalyptus in the mallee scrubs. Bush fires are of frequent occurrence in most of the scrub forests, and probably prevent many of the trees from attaining the dimensions which they might otherwise attain. At each burning most of these trees are killed to the ground, to be reproduced from the collar. In spite of the great number of beautiful flowering herbs and shrubs which inhabit the scrub forests, tho impres sion produced on the traveller by these forests is one of barrenness, desolation, and sullen despair. Shade is unknown, and the whole of the vegetation being evergreen there is in reality neither summer nor winter, neither spring nor autumn. Most of. the flowers are destitute of perfume, and even tho forms of animal life which should gladden or enliven tho landscape are grotesque in shape and awkward in manners ; some of tho birds have no wings to fly with, and most of the animals appear not to have learnt how to walk on all-fours, but skip or hop along the ground in a most uncanny fashion. In the day time the heat is usually oppressive, and when tho sun sets in the evening cockatoos and kookaburras com bine to make night hideous to the stranger who visits these regions for the first time. 