BUSH FIRE NEAR BENALLA. A destructive bush fire broke out on Thursday on-the property of Mr Win. Newcomen, of TaminickStation. The fire, when first discovered, was about a quarter of a mile from the homestead, which had a'very narrow escape of being destroyed. Farmers at a con siderable distance from the fire, seeing the portentous smoke caught, their horses and set off in such hot haste that several did not wait to saddle their steeds, but rode bareback to the scene of danger. Some thirty or forty willing hands saved,the residence of Mr Newcomen and also that gentle man's woolshed. Strenuous efforts were ,made by. the beaters to prevent the fire getting. a hold on the proper ties of the numerous farmers ins the neighborhbood.and their efforts were successful. Messrs Wm. Hoysted and Robert Cox suffered trifling loss in.the shape oft grass and fencing, while several others. had to. remove their sheep fro'm the paddocks to save them. Mr Newcomen himself had a large quantity of :fencing destroyed, while about 1000 acres. of grass were con. sutmed. On, Friday .the. fire was reported to he raging oin the hills about the :.neighboriood, but the..rains. of Sunday -nnd,' Monday', would .,bive quenchedit altogether. .The residents "ttiribd'e "thi-i~ih bofT:th~i fird ,tfthb' carelessness 6f a mailman,: who,. itter. lighting his "pipe, innocently throw away tho'. match, whereby all the trouble and dia'ige woescaused. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon those men who'came long distances to assist in the arduous'work of subduing a' bush-fire--that common enemy of the farming and grazing communities. We should not omit to mention that Mr Geo. Chandler, of B3onalla, ran dered yeoman service in battling the flames. This gentleman, who had his horse and buggy on the spot, acted as "armourer" to the fire.fighters, being kept busy carting froma distant scrub the boughs necessary for beating out the flames. The rough-driving feats performed by Mr Chandler when among the fallen and burning timber were thrilling in the extreme. Several of those engaged in beating out the fire had their clothing singed and were scorched about the legs, but no serious injury has beet reported. The Propaganda, or Council of Oardinals, has selected the Right. Rev. Patrick' ?rancis Moran, D.D., Bishop of Ossory, to succeed the late Archbishop Yaught?n, of Sydney 