THE accunnta in various papers, as well as our own of destructiv.o bush fires iu various parts of the colony, shpuld no doubt impress upon,tho people in. the country districts the importance of using thl utniost caution to provent them. Notwithlitanding, .!oweve'r, tlhe danger attendiug them, arid the warn-. ings given by the. occurrenco of tires ipreviously, they comphow or other wil take place, at tihna. unpcoiuntably. In, nipst instances the origin of the fires, can be traced to (aroletsnoss of aonino kind or another--vory. dftn, by maltches being .dropped by smokers. b-eforoe they are. properly extinguishoed o'finlihighted dand igited by being trod den upon by men or stock ; or by tra velielrsJoaving their. camp fires alight. Anotlher sourco of bush'fires'is .persons shootii>g ',il l paper in .their, guns instead, of proper, pollets or loather wads. Whatover tih. causes may be, the experience gained by the ilestruotivo fites in other parts of the colony, evon at this early time of thp summer, teaches us that we should be doubly cautious thib year to peovoiit them, anid nue every p.ossible means with that'objoet in view. Up to the present, tho. seasonhlas hIou compaFatyivly cool and: uno hidhl~ .. . . .. . .~- - .:-- - -. .. .. pmritioois to Lo starting ~nd,??spr aoi opf. bishll fliroes Tha Iottist skn4 inst dangerous htime. of theli.o yeur has .yet to. come. Black Thulrsday ocen fre4 on t?ie-6h of Fehinary, thll worst month, Tor files, w:llen. h9t winds are ltpnO pre .? vllont,, Iantid Vutiti,,l in lIti'ched uni to ahi igly hiintiuliatiidl pitch. sugglestion Inlle b' iMlr SiiRt tl the list meetinfg ot' the Shire Conucil to htive 'ills postPd thraugholut the, shiro onutioning poople, again4s thy cajreless use of fire, we think was ai gout liin, an.; if carriedl out would havo met with the approval of every rateptaycr in the u assing propeCtyv liable to beh dstroyedy l . busli. ftees, at bein-g a Smatter filPlhich- they are so 'deply interestedu, W 11herever the bills maty he obbtined, hey should he got, either ftoem the Govirnient Printing. Odio, it I po'Sibl, i.'CI ..owero, and dis. tributed - '. posted indor the direction of9 tho. Shliro. Council.. It let tohth Gomi?ntmet t is not likely .that aitlipgl more than usual will 'i donle, ant ntt. few bills finl tlheir way iufqlie district, the Goverij. inent having so niany districts to attentd to thri.ghoutL tile colony'. The action of thecouicil in authorising each neintier. tmploy. a.utcsseongar to iuform the poli~c0Pf. auy careClessness coininlg undgr. his , ijijo is commend N rle bitt it is hanr ftitllitiont, at. io ll. uoticuamigo nlilht be donq.by a firef beforo counecillors might beo.aware of it. This might make persons resident in the district, and who havet on oppor tunity of seeing,tho local paper, more carefil; but to, persons on tho " wallaby" it would not be very likely to have auy ottect, as there would. be little chance of their heing cngnisant of it. To. themno, better caution, could ,bp given than gool broad posters, staring them in thl faco from various )inlita.rlong the. road. In conclusion 'vo" would strongly impress on the minds of all the-necesOity of the ltniost care being taken. to, provent bush fires, the effects of which,during the presont season might, be disastrous in the extremeo, and with a view to ayvert a calamity we should like to, see a. little more done.by.our publio m~u tending to this end. 