trcms or fmus. Cablegrams. — The latest news from Europe conveys the gratifying information that great discontent prevails among the Mahdi's army, provisions having run short, and there being also much sickness in toe ranks. In addition to this, 500 of the Mahdi's followers have proceeded to Khar toum, and given in their submission to General Gordon. The above information was sent by General Wolseley, so there is every reason to believe in its correctness. The Congo Conference is proceeding rapidly with business, and resolutions providing for international freedom of trade in Congo ter ritory have been adopted. Detention of Trains. — A slight ac-cjdent happened to tbe mid-day train from Hamilton to Melbourne on Monday, which a block on the line for some hours. When going out oi the Glen Thomson station the piston-head of the engine broke, and tbe train had to wait until it was met by the 6.30 a.m. train from Melbourne. The engine of the latter train then took the disabled train on to Ararat, leaving the carriages it had brought from Melbourne standing on the line until its return. This caused the morn ing train from Melbourne which should hare reached Hamilton at 4,30 p.m. to be de layed till 10 p.m., or 5| hours late, whilst tbe evening train from Portland, which should have left Hamilton at 7 p.m., could not be got away until the up train had arrived, so that the five trucks of fat cattle and two of sheep which comprised part of the loading bad to be kept standing opposite the platform for three hours. Pabxjamentaby. — The Government expect (Bays Monday's Argus) that the pro rogation of Parliament will take place on Friday week. From to- morrow both Houses will be kept very busy. The Council will resume consideration of the Bail ways Con struction Bill in committee. The lines to be made were being dealt wiwi wnen xne nonse , rose on Friday evening, and tbe subsection at which tbe business will be resumed will be 20a, " Kerang and Swan-hill railway." This hill will be kept continuously before the Chamber nntil it is disposed off. The other measures of importance on the notice paper are tbe Local Government Act Amendment Bill, the Dog Bill, the Agents-General Act Amendment Bill, the Trades Union Bill, and the Patents BUL In the Assembly to morrow evening the resolutions of committee of supply on tbe additional estimates are to be reported. The Land Bill is to be received from the Legislative Council, but the amend ments will probably not be considered until next day. There are a number of mis cellaneous bills ou the paper, but, with the exception of the Factories Bill, the Banking Companies Law Amendment Bill, and the Water Conservation Amendment Bill, they have all passed the second reading stage. Thb Rainfall. — The rain last week did a great deal of good, and it is donbtfnl if there ha« been such a growth of grass in November for many years past. In the Muddy Creek district, especially, the feed is most luxuriant, and sheep and cattle are in grand condition. Indeed, in many 'places along the banks or near the creek, the grass is so high and thick that it will take a good deal of eating down before the bush-fire Beason commences. Daring last month the registered fall of rain was 260in., bticgia; the total for the year ap to 2646. or, as wil be seen by statistics published elsewhere, more rain than fell during any year since 1877, excepting 1881, when the total for the twelve months was 27in.f and in 1S83, when there was quite an exceptional fall. Yester day morning rain fell steadily for a few minutes, and there appeared every likelihood of a day's fall, bat before noon the weather cleared and became close and sultry. The probability seems to be that ere the bells have rung in 1885, the lall for 1SS4 will surpass any during the years mentioned, ex cept that for 1883. The Northern Province. — Mr. William Irving Winter has been selected by a very Influential meeting held at Sandhurst as a candidate for the vacancy caused in the Legislative Council by the death of Sir W, h, F. Mitchell, and it is deemed im probable he will meet with any opposition. The Close Season for Hares commenced on the 1st inst. In districts where coursing is out of the question hares are said to be vety numerous, and more partial to the young crops than farmers at all care about. It is, therefore, probable that in such districts, farm owners will con tinue to excercise their privilege and wage war against poor puss. University of Melbourne. — At the ordinary examination, October Term, Mr. A. H. Bromfield, of Hamilton, and Mr. K K. Orme, passed their examination in " The Law of Obligations." Mr. J. Gray was also successful in passing both his second Cir examinations, viz: In " Constitutional w " and " Law of Property." Messrs. Bromfield and Gray hail from Messrs. Samuel and Horwite,s office, and Mr. Orme, a son of onr worthy P.M., is articled, we believe, to a legal firm in Melbourne. We also learn by telegram that Mr. Donald Cameron has passed his first year's exam ination in medicine. Hamilton Race Meeting. — Owners of horses are again reminded that all entries for the handicaps at the Hamilton Decem ber meeting must be in the of the hon. secretary by Tbnrsday next. It has been suggested the race meet ing would form an admirable opportunity for the Mayor and Borough Coun cil to dispense hospitality to Sir Henry and Lady Loch, and, if it is not taken advan tage of, Hamiltoniane will be about the last in the colony to tender a proper welcome to onr new Governor. What say our civic magnates? Probate.— In the Supreme Court on Nov. 27, His Honor Mr. Justice Moles- worth granted probate to the will of the late Mr. John Dodds, of Poligolet station, Monnt Elephant, on the motion of Mr. R. £L Cole. The deceased gentleman left property valued at £26,766, and by his will, made on April 8th, 1884, he appointed Thomas Shaw, of Wooriwyrite, and Patrick S. Lang, of Larra, settler, his executors, and made the follow ing bequests.— To his granddaughter Elsie, all his Bhares in the Geelong Woollen and Clothing Factory ; to each of his daughters Elizabeth and EUen an annuitv of £150. payable two years' after his decease, for their separate nee, independent of then- present or fntnre husbands; to his wife Elizabeth an annuity of £100. To his son Thomas the residue of his real and personal estate. He expressed a wish that his son Thomas would allow his mother the use of the real property daring her lifetime. Fatal Drowning Accident. Under date, Monday, onr ML Eckersly cor respondent writes " A ssd death by drowning ooenrred opposite the Primitive Methodist stone church, Condah, on Sunday about 11.30 a.m. Samuel Kempton, aged 16 years, employed by Mr. Rawlinson here, was i paddling abont in two feet of water on a slippery slope which is immmed lately con nected with ai large hole 14 feet deep, and accidentally slipped into tie water contained therein. His two companions, Radoliff and Beecham, aged 14 anil 16 re spectively, were powerless to help, and were forced to satisfy themselves with trying to hand him. a long stick. The unfortunate youth rose and sank before their eyes thrice. TSie lads passed two . houses in close prox- imity to the scene on their way to give the alarm, to Mr. Cowan, nearly two miles off. Mr. Cowan and Mr, Rawlinson managed to recover the body after it had been Borne two hours in the water. Great credit is dne 'to these gentlemen for their', nniawni, efforts. , They did all they could to restore fife, bat without avail The police are in posaeerion ' of the case, and a magisterial enquiry will I be held by Mr. Howarth, J.l'., toay I Great sympathy is expressed for the 6orrow". I ing parents, who reside at Bridge watc nen I Portland." I The Land Act. — Applications an- I proved. Grants, see. 4 S. J. Broan I Kangertong : G. T. Clark, Boram Boram! I Leases, sec. 20 : — N. Hodgetts, Bahgallah I and E. J. Jones, Balrook. ' I Harrow.— Thursday is the last day on which tenders will be received at the Pablic Works Office for the erection of « new Post and Telegraph Office at Harrow. Casterton Race Meeting. — In ' another column are published the weights for the Hurdle Race and Summer Handicap at the Casterton meeting. In the former ' Star is justly called npon to carry top N weight, and in the latter Virago has beea ' accorded the premier position. So far as we can see by a cursory glance, the handicapper has done his woit well, and good ac ceptances should be the result. Hamilton Police Court— Messrs. F. K. Orme, P.M., and J. Wiggins, J.p, attended at tbe Court on Monday, when the following cases were disposed of One drunkard received a sentence of 24 houre' imprisonment, another the same with the option of a 5s fine, and a third three days' imprisonment. James Martin for u&inp; obscene language was fined £2 or seven days, Maurice Moran for a like offence, was fined £1 with £1 costs, or in default seven days. A temporary license was granted to G. Harriot, of the Western Hotel, Wicklifie, for the races to be held on the 5tb inst Chess. — After all, the chess reputa tion oi Hamilton is not to be solely entrusted! to members of tbe cricketiDg team, DdH| Dickinson, Messrs. Sanderson, Campbell, and others having promised to take part in the tourney. This is fortunate. Had the choice been restricted to the cricketers, Hamilton would have had but a poor show of winning. The Portland players are to be Messrs. Lyon, Lyne, Bagley, Charles, Warnock and Archer. From the Portland team Mr. Chapman wilH be much missed, especially by his old oppoH nent Mr. Sanderson, who, doubtless, wonll much like to see who is raiUy the best aB rapid moving ! London Wool Sales. — Messt| Helmutb, Schwartze and Co. telegraph thH Australian Mortgage, Land and FinnnH Company nnder date London, 29th NhrenH ber, 1S84 : — " The sales closed with leH spirit. The English demand has decreasH during the last week as compared with tlH closing rates of last series. Prices for greaiH wools are one half -penny and Eeoured half-penny to one penny lower. Croesbre| remain unchanged. The new clip is o| penny lower as compared with the sai| time last year. The total colonial (Australian and Cape) sold has been 134,QH bales, of which 70,000 bales have been takH for exDort." Rabbit Extirpation.— The YeruH Boards in the Mallee district are serioo| considering whether it will not be adnsH to have one grand conflagration, and all the rabbits in that part of the colol If the work is effectively done, it certainly deprive tbe bunnies of saBtena| so far as tbe mallee is concerned, bnt is to prevent tens of thousands of th| rushing away in search of " fresh fields pastures new?" Again, it must sot gotten that, although fire is a good servanfH is a very bad master, and the firing of whole of the mallee might lead to a ' Black Thursday." Sheep-stealing ExtraordinabtH Telegraphing on Sunday, tbe Adelaide respondent of the Argus says: — "An eiH ordinary case of sheep-stealing is reporH from the south-east, near Robe. Mr. EofaH foster, a sheepfarmer at Lake St. Clair, Thursday night found on the selectionH Stephen Jeffrey, at Reedy Creek flats, 50 his sheep, shorn, killed, and placed in & hH ready for burning in the scrub. A trooH reached Jeffrey's house at 5 o'clock in afternoon, and found tbe stolen wool on premises. When arrested Jeffrey bccaH very ahnsive, and subsequently went fit, in which he remained for over two hoH despite all efforts to restore bim. WheoH became sensible be was placed on a mattrH in a dray to be taken to a doctor, died in 10 minutes. He was 65 years Wanted a Local J.P.— Our C(S dah correspondent has from time to tiH alluded to the great inconvenience felt the residents of that district owing to thH being no resident Justice of tbe Peace, aH yesterday this want was very near the Government to considerable expenH When it became known tbat the boy KenH ton had been drowned, the Heywood polH telegraphed up to Mr. Orme, P.M., detailH the circumstances, asking what should done, and stating there was no magistrH residing within ten miles of the place. Orme, therefore, made arrangements to down, though it would necessitate tH breaking of other engagements, when he ceived another message stating that ifl Howarth, J.P., of Branxholme, had cH sented to drive to Condah and bold an d I quiry. Mr. Howarth deserves credit putting himself to trouble and expense® attending to his honorary duties so far awH from home, but his services may not alwa| be available, and the Government will noH doubtless, see that such emergencies afl more legitimately provided for, by at on| appointing a resident J.P. for tbe CondaH district. Accident. — Oar Coleraine correfl pondent writes : — " A somewhat eerioi® accident happened to Mr. J. Maclaine, boolfl keeper at the Tabara station, on Saturdafl night. Mr, Maclaine had spent most ( Saturday and all the evening in Colerainfl and mounted his horse in the yard of Trainor W Koroite Tnnt for the purpose oi returning tM tbe station, about 12 o'clock ou Saturdafl night. The horse appears to have bem restive, and commenced bucking immediately on being released by tbe groom, who bei him while Mr. Maclaine mounted. Evenl tually, before getting out of the yard, thy animal threw his rider heavily, MrK Maclaine falling on his bead and beingfl stunned by the blow. _ The unfor-1 tonate gentleman, who is well ad-H vanced in years, was carried by the laud-l lord of the hotel and the groom into them stable, where he was laid npon the straw ml one of tbe stalls. Here he remained alii night, and it was not until 11 o'clock next I day that he was seen by Dr. Connor. That I gentleman on visiting the sufferer pro 1 nounced him to be suffering from concussion I of the brain. As Mr. Trainor, of the Koroit I Tnn, expressed bis inability to accommodate I Mr. Maclaine, as all the rooms of the hotel I were occupied, the latter was conveyed to I Wells' Coleraine Hotel, where he now lies in j a precarious state." I The New Caledonian Style. — we I have to acknowledge receipt from a sub scriber of copies of Le Yia Catedonien, ana translate the following local for the benefit of our readers who may be intending to give a party " M. Telle, Director of the Pern- tentiary Administration, and Madame Telle will on Tuesday next give a soiree at their hotel on the Yaubaa boulevard. We commit a gross indiscretion for the benefit of onr readers, and especially our lady readers, in informing them that the ball will be pre ceded by a little unpretentious concert, at which several of onr town amateurs will ' make themselves heard.' Let us add also, \- ... - , -bat as we are in tne nnmor tor revei»iwu=, the dancing will be very happily interrupteu by a supper fall of promises.' Besides all this the amiability of the host aod hostess will suffice to crowd the rooms of ' L'fiotel de la Direction.' " Newspaper parsgrapn- ists will, perhaps, do well to copy this for future use. Here is another notice in tfie etune paper : — " Monsieur and Madame M. Leoni have the honor to inlon their friends and acquaintances of birth of their son. " The succeeLng nnmber informs ns that toe amateur vocalists < made themselves heard with a great deal ot success. M.X., whose anonymity we re spect, was certainly not the least applauded. The ladies were there in crowds in the most delicious toilettes, the saloons were hidden from view by flowers, and the whole hotel was decorated with perfect taste. The sapper was declared exquisite by the epi cures most difficult to please, and immense gaming-rooms had been prepared for the incorrigible hnsbands.'' With respect to the latter, we are not quite sure whether immense saloons or high play is intended, and therefore give the French — "et des sslles de jen immenses avaient 4tfe prepaiees Sour les maris incomgibles." In any cose, ow differently do we manage things in Vic toria. True, there are card-rooms provided at balls given here, bnt oh! we never mention them. a. New Basbistee. — Another «„ has been accorded the privflege of 118 ,. .rig and gown. By our Hel- f33" message it will be seen that yester- t® "Tjr yr S. Coldham was admitted as a Sinister of the Supreme Court. Cricket. — On Saturday the Skene eleven met all comers, who, in the Scf ofMessrs. D. Macmillan and H. j T M'Lel'an, could not put a very strong in the field, and were all sent to the SEt-a bout for 2S runs, W. Begg putting in r Tbe principal bowlers were G. Eippon, 5 wickets. Dr. Hearn 3 wickets, and E. Seron 2 wickets, Dr. Hearn having best \- rage Only nine batted for the trophies 8p-'j managed to run np 124 runs. 2s '-'oese, D. Skene contributed 57 by of 1 IS 13684 h'tt!nfi innings ever seen on Xe ground, one drive for 6 clean over the rnter fence aud another for 5, which struck X tad. being worth seeing ; he also bit five Lre Dr. Hearn scored IS, Rippon (not t) is and Dnnnon 11. One of the features X this innings was the really excellent hurling of S. Mott for the all-comere. He ra previously performed the hat trick rainst D. Skene, bowled him again in the m,tch aiid not only kept a good length Throughout, but now and again got on a nastv curl Should be continue i& each /To he will deserve consideration at tbe hinds of the Match Committee. Smith, of the trophies team, longe topped splendidly, and the folding, taken ae a whole, was very fgir It is to be hoped the Hamilton-cura- Portland team have not played themselves out bat will shape as well at the seaside on Saturday next. In order to give them some Practice, a team of fifteen will be brought Kfrainst them to morrow afternoon, the hon. Egretary of the Half-holiday Movement Earing taken the matter in hand. Victorian Wool Sales. — A large Imoant of business was done at the Mel- Eonrne and Geelong wool sales last week. End up to Saturday night 126,861 bales had Eeen offered during the season, and 9S,16S Elles sold as compared .with 107,308 bales Efered during the same period of .last year, End S9,S5S bales sold. la Western District Easy merino wools the following were the Krincipal sales, viz: J M'C over Deep Creek, Ermrobin, superior light, 4 bales, 34d. Ca- Eanl, ditto, 7 bales, 13|d, and 21 at 12d ; Ejtto, lambs, 1 at I2d ; ditto, dingy ticky, B»at9d. Brttng Brungle, super com, 54 at 3d, Refuge, Casterton, good com, S at ld. -Mount Koroite, good com, 750 at 2?d ; good lambs, S at 12£d ; good pieces, Tat 10|d. Retreat, Casterton, good com. Bat 12d. " GK over Jennewarra, good com, Eat ll|d. Eoglefield, good com, 87 at ll£d ; ocri lambs, S at 12d ; good pieces, 11 at 0d. Bringalbert, merino com, 179 at 10£d ; E>at9|d ; pieces, 21 at 7fd. EH over lake Tallace, meriao com, 99 at lid. Greasy Erossbred.— M oni vae, 10 at lOJd ; Eanemore, latlOJd. Scoured Wools. — Good com, 1 Et 20d ; S at lS£d. Washed Fleece. — AC : prer Kangaroo over Lake, cold-water merino, CO at ISd ; JF conjoined, Coleraine, merino, BO at l?id ; WW over circle, Balmoral, merino, 11 at 15fd. I Farmino Properties. — We have keen requested to call attention to the i&ct;, Ls announced in our advertising columns, that " early in Jan nary " Mr. J. B. Holden, of Belfast, will receive tenders for the lease of some valuable farming properties near | Macarthur. —A dvt. A SALE Carnival at MT. GAM- Ibuk.— Judging by an advertisement, Messrs. Ehretand Allen are to hold a sale carnival latMt. Gambier on the 10th, 11th, 12th and |13th December. Sheep and cattle, horses I and implements are to be submitted for sale on a most extensive scale. Foil particulars will be found in the official announcement. Advt. Great Clearing Out Saee. — Mr. Joseph Ware having disposed of his Heyang estate, has given Mr. Hyland instructions to bold a clearing sale of all bis stock. This ale will be held on the 9th December, when there will be offered 13,624 crossbred and merino sheep, 124 head of cattle, and 55 horses of various descriptions, including the thoroughbred sire " Patrick." The sale is to take place at Minjah. At the same time and place, Mr. Hyland will have a portion olihe Mbjah fiat for sale. To meet tbe crai\ - ace of buyers, conveyances will leave Warrnambool at 7 o'clock on the morning of sale, as also from Mr. Bendall's, C&ramnt;, returning same evening. — (Advt.) Dentistry. — Mr. Thwaites, ISargeon Dentist, Koroit-st. , Warrnambool, «tn be consulted as follows : — Casterton, Burt's Hotel, December 2nd and 3rd ; Chetwynd, Hill's Botel, Deo. 4th ; Harrow, G utile's Hotel, Dec. 5th and 6th ; Balmoral, Western Hotel, Dec. 6th ; Cavendish, Jones' Hotel, December 9th; Hamilton (return) December lOtli,— Advt. 