TOWN TALK, THURSDAY, the 3rd proximo, has been proclaimed a public holiday in the Braid wood district, in honor of the opening of the :railway from Goulburn to Tarago. SHORTLY after 8 o'clock on-Sunday-night a strong north-easterly breeze sprang up; and in a few minutes the city was enshrouded in smoke, Which :canie"from the bush-fires in the vicinity. 'The effect s w. very pecular. S'undaywas. a siioking liot day, and so, also was yesterday; and doubtless the heat' on both days was intensified by the bush fires. Yesterday "smoke could be seen on every side of the town, and in all likelihood news will\be shortly received of extensive fires in various country districts. GOULBURN, has had .several lucky escapes from fires lately.. On Saturday we reported one, and another one occurred on Sunday. On that day, at 'about I o'clock, it was dis covered that some fencing at the rear of the vacant allotment next the Australian Mutual Provident Society's.building was in flames; The bell was.rung, and a number of the fire.. brigade and a few civilihans were promptly on the spot, and, with some water procured from the Salutation Hotel, extinguished the flames. Near the fencing was a Stye oc cupied by some pigs. This was partly burnt, but the animals were not hurt Contiguous to the'fence'is a building, occupied,'and the heat from the fire cracked a pane of glass in the 'window, but beyond that no damage was done to theplace. The fire was seen just in time, for had' it been allowed to go un. checked another five minutes it must have reached Messrs. WV. Davies and Co.'s oil hed, containing a quantity of kerosene and other oil, and then a serious destruction of property might have been the result. The fire 'was caused throngh some youngsters making a fire at which to roast apples. The engine was brought out, but it was not found necessary to use it. The damage 'done by the fire was only very trifling. 'ON Sunday a little child, named Beesley, was run over by a horse ridden by a drunken. man. On beingtaken, to Dr. Gillman, who was acting for Dr. McKillop, it.was found that the little one 'had sustained slight con cussion of the brain. The patient is now doing very well. Tie sports at tho Show-grounds aro tho only attraction in Goulburn to-day. Thoe promoters seom dotormined to do all thoy can to provide a good day's fun, in whioh laudablo effort we wish them overy success. The work of duplicating the North-eastern railway line is being rapidly proceeded with in Victoria. 