DESTRUCTIVE FIRE NEAR ADELAIDE. A hrs broke out at Norwood, near' Adelaide, at 4 o'clock on -Monday morn ing, in the timoer yard of Messrs. . Cowell Brothers. It destroyed the whole con tents of the yard,, and . gutted several dwelling-house*,, a carpenter's workshop, Cowell's. ironmongery, store, , a. grocery store owned by Mr. DeRbiefv and slightly damaged somo cottages abutting the yard. The fire is supposed to be the work of an incendiary, as the. flames were seen to break out in four. places simultaneoualy, All the. furniture in the various dwelling houses affected was safely removed,' but the screams of women and the. oriea of children were, something terrible. The fire raged fuiiously. The efforts, of the Norwood Fire Brigade .were, unavailing, and when the fit-emeu were assisted by the Adelaide brigade they were still un able to extinguish the flames, and could only restrict the fW. Less- than a- month ago on attempt was made to burn Cowell's premises, but a man who was passing at' the time noticed the flames, and put them out. The area of ground on which, the properly stood was 200 feet square. As. showing the intense .heat of the Barnes, the paint on the doors on the opposite side of the road was cracked. The following are, the insurances so far m ascertained :— South Australian Fire In surance Company £4000 ; re-insured foi £2000 in the Phoenix ; Cornwall Fire and Marine Company, £2000 ; Royal Fire and Life Insurance Company, £1500 ; National of Australasia, £2000, re-insured for £1000 in the, Lion Company ; Union Fire anfi Marine of New . Zealand £1250. re-insured for £600 ; Mutual Fire, £500. ; South British and Commercial Union, £500 ; Colonial Mutual, £600 ; Australian Alliance,. £600; . making a total of £16,260. Mr. Deabief's store. and stock were insured for £1000 in tho New Zealand Company. The Goulburn Herald reports that a sad accident happened near Collector on Friday last, which has since resulted fatally. Thomas Dowling, a settler living in the neighbourhood, had been assisting to extinguish a bushfire, and was return- ing on horseback when he startled a wallaby and galloped after it. His horse unfortunately fell, and rolled upon him. He was taken up by some persons imme- diately after the accident, and brought to his own residence. Dr. Morton was sent for, and everything that could be done for the relief of the sufferer was done. He suffered from some severe internal injury, and all aid was unavailing, death ensuing at 8 o'clock on Sunday evening. Oonsumbhs of Wolfe's Schnapps, especuilly those who take it medicinally^ should purchase it only by the botde,»nd thus ensure obtaining the genuine article, there being a fraudulent imitation in the' market. ' Large and small bottles are ob tainable at every respectable hotel in the colony, and the name of M. JHobb and Co. is on the top label of the yeliow wrapper. None else is genuine. ? HotLOWAT'a ' Ointment and Phis. — Sure Relief.— The weak and enervated ?nfler severely from nervous affections when storm* of electric disturbances agitate the atmosphere. Neuralgia, gouty p»ngg,' and flying pains, very dis tressing to a dedicate Bystem, may be readily removed by rubbing this Oint ment upon the aftected part after it has been fomented with warm, water. The Pills, taken occasionally; in the doses prescribed by the instructions* Veep the digestion' In order, excite a free flow of healthy bile, and regenerate- the iin poveruhed blood with richer material* resulting from thoroughly assimilated;, food— wanting which, the strangest must inevitably moon sink into . feebleness, and the delicate find it difficult to maintain wriitence. L Hqlloway's Ointment and Pijus are infallible rednnies. ' REiptbr roe. ' Hard Tubs. — Stop spending ap much on fine clothes, rich food, and style. Buy good food, cheaper and better clothing, and stop the habit of using expensive or quack doctors or hum bng medicine that does 'yon only harm, but put your trust In the greatest of all simple, pure remedies, Hop Bitters, that cures always at a trifling! cost, ind ynu will see better times and^ gopd^ health. pBaPAiBiHO Bakkbiw.— The number t-f suicides amoni; the brightest and most 'capable of businsu men, bankers and others, will be reduced to a happy minimum as soon as the specific virtues of Hop Bitters are known. As all men. who work with their Wins and neglect to take j the needed exercise, the food taken dries ! not ' nourish ; and dangerous debility, physical and moral, ensue. Read. Before using a brass kettls clean it with ?alt and vinegar. 