EMLIGE OK SHE PRBSEK- VITIOS OF CSElEN STUFF FOK STOCK FEEDING. BT MB. W. IjDel&V.; Having my attention drawn to a paragraph vhicli appeared recently, wherein some American ' agriculturist kindly offered to venture across to Queensland and other Australian colonies, his object haing to show (for the moderate sum of from S to 12 dollars per ton), how to Harvest sua preserve grass, or other green crops for ensilage, X remembered having several papers by ine especially dealing with this important matter. In looking over these papers I find that the average cost of ensilage, as practised by the majority in the United States, is including ploughing, sowing, reaping, cutting, and storing, altogether about 12s a ton, and some fanners have given evidence of having accomplished the feat as low as Ss per ton. This fact, together with the evident brilliant results that have accrued from the practice, has induced me to produce this paper, sincerely trusting someone amongst our many agriculturists will deem the system worthy a trial. "Whilst principally ccm- fipinff myself to the translation of the papers, and thus rendering the subject in the'form it now appears, I shall yet add, as an addenda, I Bome of the objections that have been advanced ! by leading agriculturists both in England «nd Denmark. Of all the numerous and important improvements which in our time have taken place in agriculture, none seem to me so import ant as the one introduced several years ago, by Mr. Gqpport, whereby large quantities of fodder in fact, quantity without limit — can be safely stored in the green state, and may be carted and stored in either dry or wet weather. So far, no actual experiment has proved the length of time it may be preserved, but T have sufficient data before me on which to found my paper, believing that the system is one that might well be gener ally adopted in Australia ; and If adopted would, in my opinion, be fraught with great ad vantage to 1' agriculturist and grazier, oporto ; the whole community. V ie wed from a -scientific j point of view, -there is really nothing new in it. It is a well and worid known-fact that air, heat, and moisture innatuxal proportions are requisite to have access to anybody or sribsia&oe; to pro duce decay or disintegration. Exclude, or even ; partly fffrflndg one of the three, and decay is : either altogether arrested, or at least so much ratanrfod ns -fen Tirpsprvp the matter treated for a considerable space of time. This is exactly what j is effected by ensilage ; the green crop is cut i perhaps in wet weather, thus materially adding | to the always large amount of water ' which the | crop naturally contains, by storing it in pits, ' (these pits are termed silos), aud then covering j them over with soil. When idled thus the out- | side air is excluded, and the natural result fol- j lows, viz, retarding decay, and producing a I wholesome succulent fodder for stock — in fact, | the natural food for cattle and sheep, and only when we require either work or products from | tlwm, such as Hlr from the cow, do we require i to add to it a less bulky and more immediately I nutritious food. Hence I take it that all our I formers will be especially alive to the import- I once of, if possible, preserving a wholesome I green succulent food for their stock all the year round, hut especially for that period of our sea sons when we not alone suffer from periodical droughts, but are also continually endangered by bush-fires consuming the last blade of dry 1 grass, and frequently also consuming stackB of | hay and straw which the prudent farmer in variably stores to meet the requirement of a dry season. It is by ensilage that these dangers and difficulties may be modified ; but there are other enemies which the farmer encounters that can also be defeated by the adoption of the system, viz. caterpillars, grasshoppers, and, lastly, the ! ravages of birds. A pain, to some of our very waterless districts, where we frequently hear of stock dying, not so znnch from want of food as from thVwaat of water. To those so situated, | a well-stored silo would be of the utmost impor tance. The proportion -of water contained in i green plants, when commencing -to flower, is I from 65 to 80 per cent. Thus in every ton of I ensilage stared, we preserve about three-fourths ; of a. ton of water — in fact, stack it np for a time of scarcity, avray from the reducing power of a hot sun. These are a few of the advantages the | system presents, but there is yet several others ! that are not less important. Amongst them j may be mentioned the large amount of manure i which is produced by the stall-fed stock, which, 1 year by year, enriches the land from which the crops are cut, thus materially increasing the j stock-carrying capacity of the country, the I steady and wholesome employment which our i farmers would be able to offer to farm laborers all the year round, and the unmistakable im- . provement in our arable land. I will now give I a few extracts on ""Ensilage," translated from the Danish agricultural pa>ers The energy I with which the American, farmer avails himself ' of any new idea jiromulgated for economising improving faymi- ng i& proverbial, and well illustrated in the energetic manner with which he has practically set to work in testing Gopporis system of ensilage. Pickling green | fodder to preserve it has been known, for & long | time, but has never been used on a large scale, and, although roots and root leaves have been j preserved in a somewhat similar method, it must j yet be admitted that preserving large quantities I of green crops pressed together in pits, excluding the air, and thus providing a good wholesome j fodder for stock all through tbe year, is a new discovery, and that Gopport has utterly revo- J lutiooised dairying and solved the problem of j supplying green fodder all the year round, and j thus materially increasing the stock-canying j capability of land. Shortly after the publication j of Gcpport's experimente the first cuo was con- | strutted in Massachussetts, and last summer a | large number of new stables with silos attached | were constructed all throughout the United i States, and even in several parts in the Far j West. One firm, Messrs. Whrfcmftn Hiyw>n, jKJssegses a farm of about 200 acres, where for- I merly they kept forty cows. 3fow they have I fenced off about 16 acres of amble land, and 20 j acres of grass land, and from the product of I these 3G acres they axe now stall-feeding forty | cows, and anticipate bring able to feed fifty. A large three-storied stable has been erected in a cutting made into a steep so that entrance ! to the lower story Is from the front, to the j second floor from the side, and the third from j the top of the hUL The building is 92 feet I long, and 36 feet broad. Adjoining the stable, and cut farther into the hill, is the receiver or I silo for the storage of the green stuff. It is J divided into two compartments, each 27 feet ; long, 16 feet wide, and 20 feci deep. The roof of xhe stable is extended out over the receiver or b3o ; the lower floor of the tilo is level with the lower stable floor. Each storey ban entaanee to the alo. The cows are placed in two rows along the building, with an ff feet wide space up the centre. Under the forepart the cows stand on a wooden floor, and under their hinpaT-f. there is wxought-inm gratings. Both the fluid and solid excreta pass through there gratings into a cemented drain 3 feet wide 28 indff deep ; part of the grating can be opened, «d about every three weeks the drain is emptied. The cows thrive well standing and lying on this - floor. No bedding is used. At first sight It appears as if the iron gratings would form an awkward footing. The iron foaming is 1 tntdi wrought iron with smce between. Nevertheless, the cows seemed in good condition riean, healthy, hair sinooth, and atmosphere of stable cxrelleat. Any excrement that dote not . fall through the gparin js xaked in, and drv | earth is occasionally pitched in to absorb tbe I urine. The silo is constructed of brickB-set in | cement The wall next the hill is3foet and I next the stable 2 feet fhtri- The walls f floor are covered with Portland cement | Between the wall the bill there is a space of 6 inches filled in with rabbis, so as to praranf I the water from the bill pressing too fpnrii on | the wall When the silo is nearly filled pkBi-i j are erected <on end all round, forming & hnrt ; and this is also filled ftdl — the whole man gradually settles down level with the top of the brickwork, then the planks are removes. The first year, on the 1st of June, 7 acres of the land were sown with Twaigp in rows 20 inches apart ; from_ six to eight seeds were sown to each numiim foot. The maize was harvested ou the 1st of September, and immediately carted to the ! stable, where it was at onoe cut by a laxge chaff- cutting machine into of about a quarter of an inch. Asfastasit was icut it was emptied into the silo evenly spread and well to- gether. The maize was long, averaging from 12 . to 14 feet, some stems weighing 51b, «»d ! cones were full of will-. One of the spaces in the silo reorived 16 feet in depth of cut the other 11 feet. More than 100 were cut and -filled in per diem. It took four days to fill the -one and three .the other. As soon as the silo was filled, planks 16 feet long and 2 inches thick w ere placed over and ikfiariy 50 too weight were -placed on each, oozn- partment At the -expiration of one wnuli- hn mass had sunk to 12 feet in one, and 81 feet in the other compartment On the 26th of October the least-filled compartment was opened, when it was fann .that the was as fresh and green as'when. it was placed there. There if as no straw placed between the xnaise and the planks, and vet it-was us sweet and iresh next: the planks as deeper down. Kfrrer ihe"2Gth October the cows have been fed on ths ensilage, tad seem to thrive well. One cubic foot of eotilage wrighs about 3Mb. 33m cowb receive 601b. a day each, betides 41b. off hin and 41b. ootfcon seed. The weight of the engage in the amounted to 212 tons i tire cost of harvesting, cutting, and placing it in the f3®?" amounted to £45, all expenns included (about 4s. 3d. per tou). It has recently been decided to alter proportion of ensilage to from 61b. to 71b. of strong feed to tie milking, and about one tint amount to the diy cows. Three 212 tout of ensflage from the. 7 acres sown'8 a heavy crop, equal to TO tone of hay. It ie yet anticipated this yield may be increased when all the manure won from the cows is used. This year it is intended to sow 16 acres with wmm which it is considered should be sufficient to fill the riLo, producing about 400 tons of en silage, sufficient to feed forty cows 36o days. But, with the grass from the other 20 acres, it is anticipated that sufficient ensflage will be saved, so that fifty cows may be kept, which in the summer will receive as much entilftge as they will eat morning and evening, grazinr during tha day ; whilst in the winter they will be fed exclusively on ensilage and cotton-seed, or its equivalent. Immediately, after the mure waa cut in September, the land was ploughed mid rye sown on it. This will be top-dressed early in spring, cut when green about the 1st of June, and then treated like tbe nwitf and placed in the silo. Maise wfll then t once be sown on the same land. Time alone will tell if this system be earned on with succe®, but the firm have much confidence that tbe land, instead. of depreciating, will improve, as it will not only receive the manure produced from all that been harvested from it, but also that from the extra food given the stock. The structure of tbe stable is such that the manure produced, both fluid and solid, is saved. ; No plant foods are lost except those carried away in the nir One of the advantages of this system centrists in, that instead of the manure from forty to fifty cows being spread, as formerly practised, over 200 acres of land, it is now only- spread on the acreage which has produced the crop. Before long tins land must become ao rich a laxge portion of manure may be used on other land. The proprietors give the following advice re the construction of akt " If tie laud is flat on which the silos must be constructed, we advise to dig frdm lO feet to 12 feet deep, and build it 10 feet high above ground, and use tbe sofl dug out to cover the wills above ground. The sdo should be constructed close against the stable, and its top should be level with the stable loft, when the ensilage is required, it can then readily be hoisted up to the loft. The loft should either be provided with travelling tackling, or small tramway from end to end, so thai the ensilage can be discharged right into each crib or box. The walls of the silo should be perfectly vertical and smooth, so that the plank covering can rink with the ensflage without obstruction, yet fitting as closely aa possible on all rides. The bottom and rides of the silo should be cemented, and it must be perfectly watertight. Between the earth the wall arrMtgomActa must be made so thai the water can flow freely away. A silo 30 feet by 16 feet and 20 feet deep wfll hold 200 tons of ensilage, sufficient to feed thirty-five cows for rix months, given about 551b. each per day. For 100 cows the silo should be 100 feet long, divided with two partitions into three oompartments, emptying one at a time; there will then be one empty ready for the spring for rye or clover. Our experience is that the cow thrives well on this fodder without either straw or hay, simply adding the proportions of strong food. The milk is excellent and the butter good, the later possessing more of the summer aroma than ordinary winter butter." , A year later the same writer says: — "Hun- 1 dreds of rilos have now been constructed throughout the TJnited States, and the satis- . factory resulte produced therefrom are as highly spoken of to-day as they were a year ago. The other day an important ensflage congress was held in New York. It lasted two days. No other subject but ensilage was discussed, and representative appeared from Nebraska, arninp| Maryland, and all the intervening states. They not alone discussed ensilage, but all the food, each as meat, butter, »wd milk used at the splendid banquet which was given by the sugar refiner, Honemeyer, on his farm, near New York, were exclusively the product of ensflage fed stock. Conservative farmers who formerly doubted have become converts to the nyuivm. Cautious agricultural papers, notably the Country Gaitleman, which hitherto has advised great caution, have completely altered, and the paper in question is strenuously advising ite adoption on a large scale. Proofs were given before the oongren that two cows could be maintained all the year round on 1 acre of ground. The plant which seemed to find most favor amongst the members for the purpose of eoeuagewai maize. The average crops repented vnod from S to 35 ions per acre. Sorghum, gran, clover, and rye had also been treated with good results, (hie fanner reported having bsrjreted 9 tons of green rye per sere, and another reported an average of 5| of green rye P®" acre two years running. It was demonsbated that great economy ensued when clover was I enrihged, instead of drying it for hay, which latter entailed double the labor ; hence , expense. It was generally accepted that two tens of ensilage equalled one ton of hay in i reeding value. The exclusion of air as much as P0®®® the principal factor towards the sue- oess of tho system. Opinions at the congress were diremfiei Some preferred one, aid others another plan to effect the object. Some bad, u has already been mentioned, erected expensive stroctures, with smooth waJis and a plank covering, needy hermetically seajing the stuff, and thus succeeded. Others had 8®® ti work in a much more primitive and economic manner by amply digging pits on a spot, excluded the water by surrounding jpfc, with a puddle trench, but laying very great stress in compressing the t mum together by placing great weights on the top of it Use general experience was that in weU-ooastnieted sites the pressing together was not so important whereas as good a result could be obtained in tbe more economic pit, and even weH-constructed woodai rilos, so long as especial attention was paw to pressing it welL In fact the majority were in fevar of the simple pit dug in clay. The president of the congress described his beuigpite dug m clay U feet, 7 feet wide at the bottom and 8 feet at the top. They were so nfruated that they were perfectly diy. When being filled with green stuff care was taken to tramp it well together. When the pit is full it u raveled orar with felt mate, these are covered vnth « large mas of earth, and thus gradually 2?_5 the mas about one- tturd. Aanther fanner used wooden mine, and, When foil, placed plants on the top weighted 3001b. peraqaare foot, One fanner, who iaedc MO OOWB on ennlage, described his silos built of stone set in cement, and cemented both on floor and inside. With a chaffcatter, driven by steam, making 1050 revolutions per minute, he could cut a load Of maize weighing 1500 to ISOQlb. in about four minntes. It took two men to spremd the atuff in the silo, and one horae to tramp it together. He considered the pressing together most important. Above the silo a traveling crane was erected, and two men J0"!. np TOfficient "toff in onehonrto feed 100 cows for twenty-four hours. The usual quantity of ensilage feed was fmn srat ,51h. each animal. A raw win thrive and give mUk on that quantity without other food, yet. Beneiiy from 61b. to 71b. of strong food U added. The same gentleman states that the harvesting, catting, chopping, storing, amounted to from Is. 6d. to Is. 9d. per ton of msilage ; and toe whole cost of cidtf- vaiaon from first to last would average from 10s. to 12a. per ton. Some fannera from the West gave their total cost as low as 8s., and even lass." The congrea concluded with fie fol lowing unanimous resolution : — ' After fur years' experience of ensilage, aa testified j to by eo many experienced farmers, we trn- J arumoualy desire to record our conviction I that its general adoption win. produce great benefit to the whole hnwi.w race." The first objection against ensilage comes from thai emiment agriculturist, Mr. Lowes, of Rotlismsted, England. Writing to the AsTiadtu.nl Giaettc, he says " In Am.rira where ensilage Is now so largely practised, the most usual phut operated upon is maize. It is harvested immediately it commences to hloMom. It is then cut into chaff and buried in pita, and covered. When these pits after a time arc opened, a strong smell of v-H -"d -.lonh.I is emitted, and the organic port of the wi««. as for aa experiment has yet proved, been reduced by .abont 40 per neat. - contains during a certain period of its growth such large quantities of saccharine sugar) fb.-c ft his bees auggreled to manufacture sugar from it. It is evident that the maize in the «flo i«w«« a peat deal of ita sngar contents, and these haze became altered ho aloohril, acetic acid, and oazbauic maid. Jt impossible flat SBsflsge snsy j suit American, agriculture, but after ve in Great Britain have prodnoed sugar in our oops we cannot afford to destroy it by znch a process! An enthusiastic -American agriculturist smarted in favor of ensilage that the mineral matter in the msire had enormously increased in the silo. I assart that this increase must be produced at the etpensn of the .plants . organic matter. Danish authority (Proteaaor Sachen) asserts thai j t >«">« from tbe beetrwt sugar factories, ' j whirl, it has been usual to permit to fermen prior to feeding up, loses too much of its oiganic ! matter, and would be more profitably used foesn. This has become the practice as for ss possible, and seems to pvB satisfaction. Here we have caution from two important authorities ; yet, I venture to assert that most practical men will rather the six year' experience of the practical American fanners which 1 have brought under your notice. One well proved fact IS worth bushels of technical opinions. Nevertheless, it is well to hear both sides as far as we In conclusion, let me point out that according to experience, salsad down by Herr L&ceoppidan;, the author of the agricultural teacher who, I may mention, as well as bemg an eminent scientist, has also for the last forty years been practically engaged in ncultare m all its branches. He states that when sheep are stall fed it takes about the same quantity to feed from five to six sheep as is consumed by one cow, so that according to results already re ferred to from America, a fanner slmuld, with the assistance of ensilage, feed, about ten slieep per sere - in fact more, considering the gener ally long period when they might be fed on the naturally-sown grasses in manyparts of Virtona. I submit these my researches te gmr|« strong desire I submitted my " Translation of the Agricultural Teacher," tiz, a desire te assist in improving the position of the most im portant industry in our adopted country. All men have that desire in a more or less degree. AVith me it ie pretty Btrongly developed ; yet I arrj not altogether philanthropic in my work, but have my own interest and those depending on me in view, feeling assured that the more prosperous the community is amongst whom our lot is cast, the better we will all fare. 