LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. By Telegraph.) TUESDAY, AUGUST 4th. The COLONIAL SECRETARY, replying to Mr. Grant, said the Government had received no information of the existence of rabbits on the mainland since the Rabbit Act was passed. The Governor's message forwarding Miss Barlee's scheme for establishing a Training Home in the colony for " girls brought from England was considered. Mr. BROWN said no one could donbt the good intentions and philanthrophy which prompted the scheme, but he did not think the colony was in a position to assist the mother country te get rid of the waifs and strays of its large cities, and., train them for domestic service. The Board of Immigration had made a rough calculation of the cost of introducing and training these children, which wasestimated at £100 for each child, where as female immigrants cost the colony £20 to introduce. Under the circumstances he thought the House, while sympathising with the object, would not 'consider it desirable to entertain the scheme at present. Mr. Brown then moved a resolution to that effect, which was agreed to sub silentio. The Governor's Message forwarding a scheme from a Mr. Smith, a Queensland sugar planter, for. the establishment of the sugar industry in our Northern Territory, was referred to a Select Committee consisting of the Surveyor-General, Messrs. Brown, Har per, Grant, and Venn. The Governor's Message forwarding Mr. Lempriere'8 application for a grant of land whereon to establish an Ostrich Farm was re ferred to a Select Committee consisting of the Surveyor General, Messrs. Harper Brock- man, Randell, and Loton. The Bush-fires Bill was further considered in Committee. Mr. Wittenoom's new clause requiring seven days' notice of intention to- burn in districts south of the Irwin, and not less than seven or more than 21 days north of that boundary was under discussion. The preponderance of opinion was in favour of. the law being made applicable to the whole of the colony, and that bunting should take place on any day or days between two speci fied dates, to be notified in writing. Mr. Wittenoom's clause was then withdrawn to admit of one being framed on the foregoing lines. Progress was reported, and the House ad journed to Wednesday. 