PIMPAMA. [FROM OÜB OWN COKBltSPONDBNT 1 June 8. COLD, rather sharply so, yet not frosty, /-although the thermometer at half- post 9 this morning showed no more than 54' in the sun. The fields look browner every week, fast approaching the bush-fire degree, which fires will probably bo fierco enough, judging from .this, tho first true westerly wind of the season. No rain to supply water, only a drizzle to moisten the surface and keep the stronger grasses alive. Cattlo by scores on the roads, where feed costs nothing, and butter, at no ex- pense of rent or selection, is sent to market. .But there are misadventures which do come .costly. We know of one buggy upset by o cow, and one horse killed hy another, the rider -narrowly escaping sudden death, as the horse sprawled over o quiet cow sleep- ing in the darkness. Last week, as a team and timber-waggon passed quietly along the main road here at a place where the road was " narrow, u beast charged the horses and gored one in the leg, so that ho and the whole team have stopped work nearly a week and the horse is still disabled-a loss of £25 the horse, and £2 a day. The railway to Loganlea is a disadvantage to us, as it gives no meani of a return mail the Bert day. The letters by coach formerly reached Brisbane for the evening delivery, which they do nut by rail ; yet when the Logan Bridge is completed, and we con get the train at the Beenleigh station it will be a lift to us. The permanent way of the railway extension southward for Southport and the Border is ?done as far as Podinga school or nearly, and is to pass on past Pimpama to Coomera, which is twelve miles from Southport. THE exceptional meteorological advantages of the present agricultural season are already "beginning to show results (says the Mackay Mercury), and we loam that the Marion Mill Jias now commenced crushing operations on cane which, even now, is proved to be possessed of saccharine matter of a high density. Other mills will start shortly, and the crushing -season will soon be in full swing. Compared with former years the work to bo gone through is insignificant, but oven then thero is a lack of -the requisite labour to harvest, and manufac- ture the season's crop. 