METCALFE SHIRE COUNCIL. The monthly meeting of this Council was held on Friday. . PRESENT . Crs. Hodge (President) Oliver, Dargan, Cahill, Watson, Hewitt, Hamilton, Syme, Lang, Charity, and Dunbar. THE VALUATION. The Shire Valuator presented a sworn valuation of the rateable property of the Sbire, which hie fixed atl£4,88115s." The revenue for the year was estimated at L3874 2s 2d, and the expenditure at L5I18 3s lid. , The Valuation and Estimates were adopted and a rate of Is in the £ struck to provide for carrying out the estimated expenditure. From D. Fraser, herdsman, Metcslfe, drawing attention to Lomasney having fenced in a water reserve, atM'Brehnty's cutting; also stating that 3 hlack cf of land has be^n surveyed for. Mr Rowan near MrDripps', taking in a road surveyed BT^he Council. Received. The Engineer was instructed to give Lomasney notice to remove |he fence if upon Crown Lands, to take the uece&s;^ry steps to have the instructions carried out. The Engineer was directed to apply to the Crown Lands Department to have the land near M'Gregor's excised from the selection, so far as the surveyed road is concerned. . . . •From James Dripps, Andrew Bowan, and others, requesting^that the road adjoiajng Wm. M-Gsegor'is laq^, a^ Emberton, may'be sold, as it' is practically] useless for traffic. Received, and made an order of the dar for next meeting. Councillors generally endorsed the request ijnd described the road as useless. . Stow A, iwd others, Sutton Grange, "Z! 00 ^ ^ Jenning'e Hill reduced, also "The" Hill oetweeii Mr Patterson's and ,the hill on the Myitle Greek road to Elphinstone. Received, and piade ftt) order of the day for next meeting." The Jhigiiieer was instructed to .report to next meeting. Fixim Hu Freemaq; Emberton, stating tliftf tbe witerfee wm about to enplose had been,4»flected by himself He had rejgisteried the laad, and would prosecute persQDS polluting the - water. The main •'spring on the common had been fenced in by K- Brennan. Received, and the Engineer to take steps to have the springs opened to the public if on Crown lands; i3fto-be.experLdedin cleaning outthe water holes. From Shire of Kyneton, stating that it was arranged re Hodge's bridge that Kynetonshire.was not to be called upon to pay more than L450. Received. From Chief Secretaiy, requesting cooperation in having the district adequately represented at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition to be held in England in May, 1886! Received. Tbe Council decided to take steps to have the products of the district represented'at the Exhibition. From Crown Lands Department, noti. fying that the abolition of the Taradale Borough Common and the Elphinstone Town Common had been gazetted on the 13th February. "Received. From W. Smith, head teacher North Bedesdale State School, reporting a case of measles in the district. Received. From Cr Machin, apologising for absence on account of Sunday School, of which he is Superintendent, holding its annual pic-nic. Received. Requested that Cr Watson should be allowed to move the motion standing in his name. Acceded to. ACCOUNTS. Accounts amounting to L271 Is 5d were passed for payment. FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Position of Ridings on 28th February, 1885\. —Taradale, Dr. L8711s ; North, Cr. L470 10s 8d ; South, Di. L366 15s; West, Dr. L40110s 6d.—Nett debit L385 9s 7d, Received. Receipts during month. —Rates, L7 8s; dogs, 5s ; rent, 9s ; Cobaw Common, L2 0s Gd; Mount Alexander Common, L14 4s <5d ; slaughtering licenses, L6 ; refund. Cr. Dunbar's allowance, L3 lis 6d! Total, L33 18s 6d. Received. [COMMONS KFCFOBX. The members appointed to examine the river frontaga-between Coliban Park and Timber Reserve, at Mount Lofty, recommended the Griuncil to erect 23 chains of wire fencing as pegged out. This will prevent Common cattle trespassing, and the fence being upon Coliban Park side of the river, every facility will be given for water for them- Adopted. ENGDTEEB O BEPORT. 1\. The crossing at gully near Arthur's, "Victoria Gully, has been arranged for at L5, but a few chains leading to the main road should be formed. Adopted. 2\. Road from finger-post, Hurley's, northwards to gravelled road, requires southern end cutting, draining, and forming, with two culverts, and the rutted portions gravelled, road formed and drained about 120 chains. Adopted. 3\. Che road easterly from racecourse requires 30 chains formation and repairs. Adopted. 4\. Gascin's to Donovan's road is in a fair order except where road crosses the gully ; there both hills should be cut and small culverts put in. Adopted. 5\. The recent fire destroyed two culverts ; one on Coliban Park road,WSB replaced by day labor; also one at Kennedy's for which tenders have been invited. Approved and adopted. 6\. Plans for bridge at Owen's are not yet prepared; therefore tenders have not been called. Received. 7\. Recommended High Street, Taradale, to be left as it is until after winter, when loose material can be removed. Adopted. 8\. Hughes's to Gascin's road should be formed, drained, and culverts put in. Adopted. TENDERS. The following tenders were accepted :— Repairs. Park fence, Taradale, J. Keddick, L10 ; Crossing, at Tpaffe's, Campaspe, H. Harrington L64 10s ; Cutiins, Montgomerie's hill, P. Ryan, L5 17? (id; Timber bridge and approaches, Piper's Creek, Geo. Reddick, L10G ; Painting and tarring bridges. North Riding, Geo, Reddick, L43; Log Culvert, Metcalfs road, W. Kennedy, L3 10s; Calvert, Main Heathcote road, J. Mooney, Lo-l, CHARGE AGAINST THE SECRET VRY. Cr Lang mentional that Contractor Vick, in the West Riding, had told him that, in order to obtain the Government subsidy, the contractor had been asked to sign a receipt for the amount of his contract before he had begun work. The request had been made by the Secretary, by a messenger. The Secretary denied that such was the case. Cr Oliver described the charge as s mast serious one, amounting to dishonest}'. He did not see, that the Council could do anything in the matter, but he trusted that Councillors would back up the Secretaiy in punishing the person who had started the report The Secretaiy said he could refute tha charge in a minute, but it had been promised that tbe letter he was said to hare written would be produced. That had not been done. Cr Lang said thai the matter had been openly talked o£, and lie had mentioned it, bui not with intention to impute dishiH3sty to the Secretary. 'CheSeoretaiyproduced the specifications signed by Vick, and initialled by me auditors. "Vick had not been asked to sign anything since. Mr Donald Fraser, who was said fn have been the Secretary's messenger to Vicktogethissignatnreto avoucher, stated that he took Vick specifications to sign, but no vouchers, and oeyer said anything about the Government subsidy. He distinctly told "Vick that itwas not a voucher of any description. Councillors unanimously expressed sympathy with Mr Rees, and were satisfied that there had been no tampering with tha documents of ihe Council. They insisted however, that Mr Rees should take lega! me&EoreB; to clear the matter up and to obtain satisfaction. ORDERS oy THE DK. The Secretary was directed to write to ihe "Mining Department asking for a cop; of his r^pert re a mining drill for Bedesdale. Miss Mitchell, Barfold, was unanimously awarded a vote of thawlra for her assistance on the occasion of the bush-fir* on the first Thursday in February. The Secretaiy was directed to request the Slaldon and Sfcratbfi jldsaye Councils to extirpat e rabbits on Metcalfe boundair, failing which Government intervention will be sought Counsel's opinion was ordered to be taken on Judge Williams' opinion re closed roads—that ratepayers can insist upon closed rqids being opened, they havir^ neither right nor reason. If His Hoptw^B decision be correct, Councils can be involveij by factious ratepayers in immense useless -expenditure. Cr Hewitt called the Engineer's attention to the condition of the Coliban bridge at Holywell's, and moved that it be repaired. Seconded byCr Cahill and carried. . „,. ; The Engineer was instructed!; o inspect and report upon "ihe bridge at Wfldmsn s. The Engineer was instructed to advertise that contractors must attend at the Council Chambers to sign ihe specifications. For the future none will bewni put for signature. ' The bridge on the leading Rees' to No 2 bridge WBB. referred to the Engineer for.report • - The Dog Ipspector was Instructed to enforce iiie^pr&viBjonB;*of - the Dog Act »nd to advertise the requirements of the Act. and his-arrangements for receiving registrations. . i v ; 4 • - *>* Cr Watson for Cr MacHin moreel ** That a portion of river.be fenced in a line w 11 timber reserve ionthe Gol&an;^Park Biue of the river, not exceeding" half-a-mile long with a top nail and five and tenders inviEed for "same;" 'Seconded by Cr Charity, and carried. Cr Dargan moveir^That the grades in both hill^ at-BullockSframp be recU) ped, Engineer and memTfcer^fo^Xhe' Sliding think will make the joad fairly passable." Seconded by Cr Bodge and carried. <3r Daiastn rmoved " That 10 chrins (of forming^nore or less) bedone onBullock Swamp road,. at the intersection of GradyS tuai. 51 Seconded by. OrHodge, and carried. . Cr Dargan moved; • " That the Engineer pet the drain from Dalliston's to Brennan's cleared; 1 ' Seconded by Cr Hodge, and carried. _ . . The Council Ithiiri adjourned. ; j' 