POLICE COURT-MOONTA. .. ..= (Same day and Bench.} . . I John McDonald was fined £L for teing drank 4° a publio placo on I2tb, and 12s damage to qo&atable;'s coat, or i? <}efaujt one month's imprisonment. Bowing. Thunder. Holidays. WABM weather. WATER carting. FIRE in Adelaide. SOHOOIS breaking up. « THE weather for fires. Otrs oarsmen hard work. REGATTA funds looking up. A Christinas cabbage spoiled. XIKVIDO'S Christmas specialties. GOVERNMENT started labor office. BOAS Board's fund* short this year. SEA bathing the only pleasure available. ANOTHER scare for Insurance Companies. FRESH tenders to be called' for Pine Creek railway. EFEORTB being made to obtain the release of Logic. EXCDBOION to Franklin Harbor on Christ mas Eve. Two steamers from Port Pirie on New Year's day. IRYHTE'S men commenced road across Wan dilta Flat. OUR friends from Port Pirie going to visit our regatta. UNKJIPLOYED in the city not so plentiful as was imagined. THE " Messiah" Kadina Institute Hall Christmas Eve. WANGARALEEDNIE Christmas Tree, Concert, Bali and Supper. THE eholera patients from the Dorunda are progressing fairly. G-LADSTOIFE unemployed asking anxiously about THS Beetaloo works OUR Corporation went cattle hunting lately, but the cattle had the best of it. SIB Henry Parfees will once more return to the Benches, but not AE Premier. THE NEW South Wales Ministry resigned, and Sir John Robertson sent for. ANGLICAN Mission Hall, Franklin Harbor. Go to the bazaar on Xmas Day. Quobk has beaten Pt Augusta in a riflj match, ten men a side, by 20 points. POET PIEIE Institute opened by the Governor yesterday j great rejoicing. New South Wales has gone behind over a million steriing during the p&st; year. Mr W. A. E. Tuckeb has gained the ?South Australian scholarship this year. A working overseer wanted for Wallaroo Corporation ; must be able to run well. SOME farmers are troubled already as to the route the mains will take from Beetaloo. FARMERS who invest in green grocery at K>i<iina, should keep clear of Christmas beef. A subscription being raised for relief of the poor sufferers by the fire in the city on Thurs day. BISHOP Reynolds has been welcomed back from Sydney, and has had a congratulating address. Lobd Cabin&TON; has had an early experience of the vicissitudes of colonial politics. A man fell the other day from a heighth of | nearly 200 feet at the Sydney post office and j was tilled. ! GEHAT rejoicing at Prince Alfred College i over their scholastic and other victories dur ing the year. C03i5iE3r0XL4Ti0Sr day in connection with the Adelaide University was observed on Wednesday. Miss Doenwell is the first female graduate of the Adelaide University, and is now a Bachelor of Science. THE Central Board of Health has published directions provided by Hon. B>. D. Bobb for treatment of cholera. Sib W. W. HUGHES' bust unveiled on Wednesday in connection with the com memoration ceremonies. Is it true that one of our townsmen has had his cows in training, and is prepared now to run the Corporation ? A man, supposed to be a South Australian, and named G-eorge Donaldson, has been found drowned in the Yarra. PRINCE BISMARCK says that "alegible sig nature is not only demanded as an offical duty, but as an act of common courtesy." THE inquest on the supposed case of baby farming case at Woodvilie did not disclose anything to convict the woman Peters A foreigner forged a cheque on Sir Thomas Elder the other day, and tried to purchase some jewellery' from Mr Sawteli, but it would not go. Mr T. J. King, the late Mayor of Port Adelaide died suddenly on Monday, and was buried on Wednesday with masonic nonors. THE majority of the Agents General are in favor of the Hon. J. B. Thurston, of Fiji, being appointed successor to Sir P. Soratehley. The Central Board of Health has {pro claimed Brisbane and Batavia infected ports, so that vessels arriving from either will be quaraniined. The Dutch Government are about to ask (he Chamber for a yote of 25,000 Sorina for the equipment of an exploring expedition to Dutch Now Guinea. Mr CAT.DWBI.II who voted for shelving the Beetaloo scheme for another year, has been deputationizing the Government this week for a supply to Maitland. WE (Northern Argue) learn from private sources that on Mr Bradtfee's farm at Man nanarie the crop is yielding 12 bushels to the acre, and the sample is good. Mr WATiBUfiTON, of Kooringa, succeeds Mr Turnbull at Port Adelaide, and we learn that Mr Furniss, of Port Wakefield, goes to the Bunk of S.A., Kooiinga. As inquisitive correspondent propounds the following query :-If three men cannot pound four cows, how many chains of road will two meu make in twelve months.? , . PEOP. Bennie has ascertained thnfc the poisoning of the family at Taunda after eating tinned fish was caused through the presence of compound of tin, caused through careless soldering. Mr CAETER and Mr Clements are indignant at the conduct of some of the unemployed, whose cause they have been advoc-iting. because they have not accepted work offered by the Government. THERE continues to be a serious fail in the value of English live stock. It is estimated that, this autum, store cattle are about £5 per head less than 12 months ago. This is partly owing to the deficiency of winter food. An effort is being made to raise £1000 to stun an Industrial Home for girls in Brisbane in connection with the Church of England Female Emigration Society, which has been projected, but not yet started in England. ON Sunday at Port Moorowie a party of men were bathing, when a shark attacked a \ man named Howard, who managed to reaoh i the jetty steps in an exhausted condition, j when the monster swept past within a foot of . j hiin. Mr William Mamomi has had a meeting of his creditors. The liabilities Hire £63,642 and the assets £60,413. Mr Malcolm's long illness has no doubt done much to bring this about. The estate is assigned for the benefit of the creditors. Thb Adelaide University bears^a strong re semblance to an ancient rifle company in the city, who»e officers considerably outnumbered the rank and file. The University has a superabundance of professors, bat the students are limited in number. THE Rev J". G-. Patron, the well-known Pacific missionary, is returning to Australia, in the Potosi. He has raised £6000 for a new missionary vessel for the Paciflo, and £2500 for the support of missionaries, two of whom are going out next April. A paper piano has been manufactured at Paris, The material for the case was com pressed and took a perfect polish, and the tone of the instrument, though not loud, was very sweet-a soft, fuH,qutsi continuous sound resembling so mew hat that of the organ. THB Editor of the Areas Express speaks somewhat lightly of the Beetaloo water scheme, and appears to be suffering from a disorder thai is troubling a;* few narrow minded individuals ftt this end of the district J \--a fear that they will have to pay some thing. We (Bulletin) learn with feelings of ecstatic gratification that Prince George of Wales has been successful in obtaining first-class certificates in seamanship and torpedo know* ledge, and a third class in navagation. But why not first in navagation, too? Isn't the Prince of Wales a Field Marshal P Bushpire committed (he solecism of coming down to breakfast in his slippers at tbe-=rClub. Like other country people he found the pave ments conduce to tenderness of the foot. Now Stickler made agood deal of Bush fire's malfea sance, and talked about it more than was per haps necessary. Tljjs reaching the ears of Bushfire, he said to a Mend' (who would be sure to repeat it), " The next time I meet Mr Stickler I will be sure to have my boots on.'" iEglge. 