MAFFRA SHIRE.OUINOIIL Web IE DAY, FllTiM 1A RC. Present : Ors. Davis (in the chair), Hortnrian', Lamibh, 'Gerranid. Johnson' Boek ridi Liniton. ' The minutes of previous `diecting shaving "been: read iand-i,f.iltrmed; the 'folldwing?cbrr?spo iidellspo read and dealt with: S. OnltEBPdeVx er.. Front eight ratewayers of Valencia Creek calling att~titioei to the danger outsetate of the road between T. Scott's and Ja read'itolicitsolSea lectliopwikhich was in a dangerous condition-it beling i the main road 'leading to and from all Ithe- residences iis Valenoia Oreek-ro aurigtii v ito' doilvidrts ita folrfitsrasill'cut. Stings.,rResolved that plnnq ,apdaspeci-' ficationsho draivhiiand ?work'coroninced as soon as funds are available. From the Sahi Borough Council stating that Mr.:Krues lind been ap.! pointed Public* Analyst to the.Local Boards of Health for: the! 'Boroagi' of Sale, and,Shints of ''ambo,, Brironsdale, Avon, isaidrM'il'ra',' iubject, as' to the* Shires, to the approval of their, reospo. tive Coduicil;sKResolved .tlihat the ap pointment of M1r. KrIune It confirmed. .-Front J, Coverdale, :,Pot rand ,,Teli. grapll Di?partmlint; stating that .owing. to the growth'of'the fdrndmientha: treda in rMafl'ia'in'sttfering with' tii workitig of the telegraph lilues he'was instructed to remove the poles eiar the tr;es' onl clai'n' fromn the huildingaline at the edge' of thi ordod formation, subjec, to the approval of tie oi'uncil."i HeI would he glad of a reply at the' Counidil'S' coti. venience. .From A.M'Lean, f.P: re Local Land Boards, in . answier ito 'a th Secretary'd telegrain, conmplailing of '"ot holding. the nnetings at faflfrirdtid etatitigthat SthA Minitster had given iiistructioisi. itn the" matter:-Recevi'id; ? ::., j;.:"; .,From,: the, Secretary? I on" Shire with regard to paying hiilf coat of clearing the road easit" otf .,1te sert Blunidy'e laniid and Ba?bgolong,:and Ilet ter of 20th'Novemler asking re consi deration of the ialttitr nd settin',g forth the importance of the road in question as leading trom Stockyard, .Dargo, &c;: he, Ihy the dir ction o1 te- ,ouncil asked what sirbuld be tlieotii colot; nid if not too much, the Conncil were wil ling to assist in thli matter.- Surveyor to report and estimnate tlst cost From E. Thoteias, Secretary. to the Priiiitior, comnveying th?ialls. to the Council for, their commenidatio i'wtaito regard to the. actions of thlietpresent .Govorninent regirding their'treatment of the New Guinea question.' Ii Ser vice directed liiBli to expriais lia thianks for the resolution, and.to state that Ihe regardsas of great value. tle enxpres siion of opa?ion niii the part'of. Mulnicte pal bodisi'-Reeeiveod. " Fronm:the Railway Departmiient with regards to the naming of thli Ollim igglii Stationnistating that as it did lnot api. pear to he inl the Shire of Maitra tlitey hiald cotisulied'tliilatof Rosedale, and will agait comtaiu'uicati? vitlh Aiirti Council. ihenm they' have obta?in~d th?e views of that of Rosedale.IReisolved that the minuitlderetaiidiiig It remocv d. ; i Fromn tin)eSecretary Roisnedle Shire, conveyingthe following resolution uldop-' ted, ly'that lody.i:-l- That tie M~affra 'Shit·rComie'il lie invited°to co- operate', with this Shire in securinigi thie reseres "tion? of thei Wo6uidihlldi. Wateir Reseibo from'alienation,tlihe said reserve being of great value to stock :travelling gto 'Malirii, Whielih'lattgr tiiarkdt is tihe sec': end liargest in Victoria, anl hirge mnol;s of.cattile.rmavselling to and froiii it" are dependent upon the reierve for water ing ' anid ' caimping purpose,. - COr Horsitioti moied, unid Ci" Lilitcn sec-' ended-That every assistance he gviehs to retain the reserve: in.question. From RIJ. Ellery, returning thankti for th.ivaluable help re.ndercd the oh. servatory. dtring thi past cear..by o s'rvaticte's? tfrninfijll;"ta: .j_ '. . From- Edward Riggall, Glenfalloch, statinig that 'the, recent bush-fires in that locality.have caused .-the' road to Glenmaggie to -Ie almost ittipassaill for a horseman, and quite so for packhorses throuigh trees turning down" across thi track from the rocky sideling to the ktp of the Big..lill. He wished 'to draw attention to. the amount of traffic on the road. Besides the selectors on Gleaflloch and Glencairn, the people on 'theo Wonnongatta use thei road. not only for their stock but also."for their goods, this beintg the besat.route for them. He estimated the cost of clear inlug the't:rick fit for temporary pur' poops at £5,'and if the council' would, grant that amount, he could get it dlon. at onice. By'acceding to the requesta 'they; would 'confer'a great favor oni imiany persons besides himself.-Agreed to; :-,. , - .,: :. . From William Clement drawing an tention to a very'dangerous hole which; existed at the north.east corner of fIr. Robert Clentent's paddock onltho three. chain road; .Upper.. 'lahlra:. Ini conse quenioe of bein possussionl of pad. docks in the north-east asid west 'of .this plabce, he had.topass: it very, often I with cattle and horses going or coining I from the different plaees, he' could not' but asee the great risk man anti hbores runs of 'an' accidenh at 'tsthipr'uorner, Tliiere h1m lioen some' very ntirow eow capes within.the last fewi years, and it would lieno wondtlir' o, hear of ni ao. eldent a?oany time?" "h hoipvd liin re.. sIarko woulo l.toishe ticeansef pirevent. irig any.?iuoident,; and coit',oiunt action .qgii?n? tlie 8hir C'0oumi!ci' *Itviseyer tblutd ihimt~tiimht lil', l't 'fi,'.ied,''.i?: siuhi. jeot., beitg remittedl.to thlie mniiilei'r of tlie Ointral. Riding. Froms the Secrutary of I?tds steing that steps"wer e hing takit'to:'i)bHl is h tih reirve in setion 6, parish of \VWau tilu Look for anipply of gravetl, alld to teumporarily reserve in lien tlhereof ill I acresof linl inl the portioni desired. , Friti, T Wighitiiiani pskiiing prmis sionato.oreot'i aslaugiltar house' o. ,the i north aide of the township of Heyficld noar 'the cenetiry. - Resolved that he he instructed to oltni' tie land. 'Fromii John,?Ahtonanokilng the Coun: cil to improve a' dingerone driin oppos. ito his new promises in Johnson Street, ho itot 'helinuable to obtiin' ntcdea s'by Khioli: t' his place. Mr.'Aslftbi to to 1 i\ifor;iule it:wlio' not tnualfo f tor.tli'cooini ci t colistrIlet approachles to private premiitnes.. 'From J'. 'Wightman, :resigning his' positionnas herdanana of the Heiylihld cbnonnbon.-Accepted, aubject to a satis factory' "idlUioter" Ajipplicaitionsa :to. he calrld for a anccsasor. Fromn Scoretorn Alliriion Shire with regard to assited' immigration..";: t Fron 'IThonias Collins .inquiring if the Counicil had, taken naly actiont, i the, : matter of clearing hainin road tirough SeatowttotDonnelly'i i Crel?i; it' Spietiton th?i'ing h.bn :scitn 'i to that 'ellect ao ine time ago.--Postooned to ,iext iieeting, coat nlot to exceced ?3. " lford's: tender was naccepted for fencing Cricket Reserve-LT 1is 9di . ':Diddiib's' teilder, Quarry Rearve,' wasaicepted at Ll ls perannuin: .,i aliin. idi' b'iienplanint aghiisat the contractor Illacklow.was' rmfmirridito the Shile Solicitor, aa to wheith-r the money' ahiuld Ii rivtaiild' orl notl ,i Th'lie appoinitmnt of Dog' Inspector was pnatpudedl: 'till niixt' mdelting." : T'he i;emorinal froin rsaidtits of': the' Eastern Riding;',was, allowed to ai~nd' over 'ill next meeting. , SENINEER's REPORT.' GBENTIEMEN,-' . do myself the honor ofpresintiii my li' aual ionthly' report no follows Messrs Blacklow .and C'?..la .v co pIl ted their contract for, clearing thili Hey tield Banck Road so far as the Shire, Coun cil. is concerned, but as there isa comnplaint in writing front W. Miinson ai.tatinig that ,lia- fencinighas been destroyed; anit. tim hber left on his land.. I leave, tlo question iof payment for the work it the hands of the Council. 'At the liast meeting of this Council Thus. iFeely was instructed to conliplete his cil;in tract for,works on thei ,Dmnnelly's Crook Itoad, but nofthing hasbeen, done. to the works ainS; ' Mr Feolly.'ias forwarded'a 'letter, which will be submitted to you, set. ting forth that the work was comnpleted omOle time ago. .. SDiiring 'thi past miitli 'McEien's 'con tract for clearing from Armstrong's to Gum Flat': Road. lres been finislied, and: the folloming works have lien "conpleted oexeptingthe mainteance;''vis :=-J;.Ln.n-n moio's contract'for gravelling near Merry I and'Gemoih;egan's. E:. O'Cinnor's contract 'for erecting a culvert' near Smith's in Buin dalaguni. D.? Walshe's' contract for' can structing culvort and'appronchesneoarHoy. field'ceeotory'. E. O'Cnmmr's contract for 'cuttiing' dwn hill l on: the Bringolong; to Goorga's Cretk Rnad. 1W. Coridas'. com. tract firfirming and draiining the'oi aff ?I to Stratford Road. Burley's contract for erecting 'culvert and gravelling at Heyfield' is complted,; but' requires rounding up 'and dressing. uI SIlnavoe repared tlieiinecessary 'draxings' nmid speciicnations for additions and repairs t)l the Sliro'Hall, including paintingi of the omicces,'omi, have the hlmr 'to' submit I the same for yor y anpproval or otherwise. Savo~iut lunitOr rapaire to culverts, and 'the roanli have been ul'eatod only whterotaI todly inecessary; the day, labor, pay shoetsa boimig very" imall' this .month, compared iitlh o si ii t '' < As instructdd. I examinued theu Upper Moifii Reservoe, anid!found that there was 'iti'dog-lug folica, betweeu":J,+ Murdnocli' iand theo Ruserve' fora:' distance of: 13 chaliins"" Murdock lu.a been served'l ith'a I niitico to properly foelieehis porlionmf the i divisionline. h Between W.V M'Cole'es arind tlii Reseurve' there aro 10' olniusi of:post i aind rail' fencing, 20 planels of 'which are is ining, from theu.lrcctsa?of estory water. Between J.' L Clartk's' aid thoi:reservo; thero is'a split postt andu rail fenco;' about' hidf of same being a'few: incheo off the 'division line.' being "nothing out at one uiiid andd'a'littlo over the thickness of the fencd at'the other eid, the distaine being 15\. clinini.: Between W." Jessep'st and. the: Rbeio'vet thiter' is a bplit post and rail' 'foecou; iia?pling" ar'ound' a wntdrl' holebi' 'hich'lias bon' enclosud into Mr. Jessea's I land .wli:Ih wispar'feucd, Distance of foun ]n'ooncliliin,'Ibepgto' d'aw'the Coen 'cil's 'immediate attentioni to; thesdesira bility of pirdriveting 'lia eaxcvationdi iu i being made in the Botanical Gardehs' Re-' 1 serve.' '' S liiae'tho lionor it.b'e'?, ' Gentlemen ,"'' .Your obedient' servant, Geosa s Tiio.: JoNcai, " 'Sl?ireIEngiinier.,s coLnccLi', RPOMRT.. Ga?antr?M ,-T I have thoe.hnor;aton re port that Ihave returnode allthe ,Agricul tural chledules for the year 188.-5. ,The Crops thlroughout your Shire have turned iout fairly, the nmlist noticeable falling off being in Potatoes and Pens. The Barley, Oats,,and'Wiheat orns iro vuiy good, both in.'saluple' and' qunnstty, fully niasing up' for the partial, falllre oftho other creys, p aIs ompareilo witlh the last two years. Rates are' eginlning: to coiti in slowly for t th proaesnt;. year;--I' am,.: Getleiii,, .Your. O.boliont erarnnt',Gee:, 'bI,.'Davis, Golloctol'ueto."for Manfra Shire'.. ' . PAYa-iNT' 5 'Wm.'Burloy,' £14 1S5:; E. O'C;ninor, £47 ; D"Waslh, £33. 18s 9d.; E. O'Con nor, £33 ; Wii,. Coridas, £80; J. Long 'more; £30 14s'ld ; R. MEwon, £12 4s ; Blanklow asd Co., £11; Road Repairs, i £2'18 ; Itoad Repairs; £4 ; Road Repairs, £'4 is ld;; Day~o ark, £118s; Destroying Carcoses, £1 Iis ; l. T; Jones, £25 ; G. 1 M. Davis, £12 10s ;;.Mrs. Burns, :£ 5s ; ;H. Campnbolll £8, Os 8d.;,E. F.; Iatos, £4 8s; J. Dav?ldson, £317s ld ; J :Davidson, £4; P. Mellon, £3 ; Koreson for, Street Laups, 0 mouths, £20, 5e,; W. ,Banna . tor, £4;' .' Miaxwell;, £2 2s;' rnall and Jnckso, £3 8s 3d.; Govoerniuoent of Vic torii, £10 107 J ' J . INAoNCIAL BTATP,MT..,', Slhlmifund Dr. to Natlional Banlk ;f, Austrlhasla, £3121.s 8d iWVe?tern lidinu Dr.. ti,, Shire., uuiln, £182. 2s,; Contrjl, IRidlnsg Dr.:£O00I 18s 8d ; Eatern .ltidoltp Dr. £458 10 4dtli;, Geyneral Acounti r. £4310 a7d. )iOTIONS. It wno minved Iy Cr., Linton, secon t dlhd hy Or. Davis That the plan s anddi epi'cilieuiionis pripiired liy Mr. Jones; the Sniroilry, for' the iiaprovenenuts to theI Shirt Hall, he accepted. 'It wap reolvI'ed in thn.ma ater il tif ir gravi l i'esrvo that th 'niiatter to lift hI in the htilda of the muiulhewrm of tbe rid a ing,, fnuilii tlcir. ýlor., , . rqferred to bhtrltratioi. .... " . i "" ?: ' ' SProposed by tohe President (Or. Davis): secondtd by Or. Lintol--Tlhe Couticil-of thie Piliro o'f Mnia? dIhesirsn to placo on ri'btrd-italhighl' apprciatioii of tihtdl~lrbio 'llnaLactr of tliu'llte Geu; mrl Gor'dohi and in profoumndtl-, mpatliy 'wili' e''vlry *trui. Ilritih i.i ubject,: Iri mients. tllt.great..Isn . thOr nrntion lnf?os sustitinedl' hy lhiiadertill-- OCtrri&l; ulillni niously.: · 1 7 hm let untili'nC! niid 'aftter , necting tof (6uhinil ii Mny, n oete nlirn of L5.: . . . , : . . .. .. . , ; .. . . , : I 