THE PRINCES IN SOUTH AUS TRALIA. The diary kept by Princes Albert Vietorand George during -the cruise of the Baeahaute will shprtiy be published. Meanwhile the English Illustrated Magazine for March has printed extracts from the.Rpyal -iiary- relating to the South Australian- visit; as.folk-w:s ;-^- June 12. — We came to an- anqaor at Glenelg, and on landing we wen,!; by train to Adelaide, where we drove up to Government House, and heard the first British cheers thai; have sounded in- our ears for many a day. It being Sunday evening the streets were full, of people, who all fceemea fiS glad to see. us as we were to see the.ai. Everything seemed like home. Sir William and Lady. Jervcis had' supper waitin-j- for us, and we went to bed.a.little before inidnigiit. Jime.J^.— Staiti-d at G a.m. by special tram, forlvadina. Sir. 'William. Milne and Colonel J-'itzi-ny went with us. Breakfasted at Balak hi.va. Mid then on to Kadina. Tlie train ran thi^ougii m::ch wheat land, which, a« it is now near niidv.iuter, was however only covered with sliib'ole. The oi-ig-inal scrub aud. wild grass have been superseded by wligat fields aud riuli pasturage ; flourishing hoinesteads stretch far away over plain and nplaiii, and all wear an apx-earance of successful industry ; one great wheat field is fifty miles without a bitak. The yeomanry and the farmers bare are the backbone of the colony. After passing througti this fertile plain, the Hue enters the native scrub, and then, ascending up a steep incline and many cuttings through dark red rock, draws .near to.Kadina, where we arrived after thus crossing Yorke's Peninsula ] about 11 a.m. The mayor met ujs ou the | platform and read an address. We then got j into two brakes with four horses, aid . drove to Moonfca, eight miles, through tha j open biu-h; there was a good metal road j lately laid, but the drivers preferred, is many j othei-3 seemed to have done before them, to j strike out a road for themselves on the turf, .? where many parallel lines traced bythe wheels ! of our predecessors extended 6u either side of t the regular road for tw.j or t!u-ee hundred yard?. Tall brick cliimneys, lofty scaffold jurs with wheels at the toi), and the othsr ; usual sunoiuidi.Dgs that bespeak proxiinLfy to ' mining operations, though thei-e was no siiiolce or grimy blackness s-.teh as iisually in siniilar cases sullies the purity of the country air, .jjreetedjus askwe dr^ve iy- to, _ Captain IJappock '4 -qffi^. Tlfeee .-w^drsW* '. . intiann^.shii^.^pdlrflias^.Ghangaidioiu-^hftU, and boots,, and walking to the .head.-of-«ne_ol. ? the shafts got four at a, timeintO/qages^bV which we were lowered 'into the rich copper mine below.. AlLhere, 'oneaijd all,' are tjrus Cornishmen, fine stalwart . fellows, most of those we see young, toJl, and bjMtadi; with a. slight Sputh Australian drayp,t but of the real English bone and sine«r and straightforward look about thelc faces, Miniag operations here, .though, npw depressed, seem. in a fair way of revival. . YVV. were -to have gone on *o WaUaroo, where thew are so^e large smelting- works wjth blast -fiitt naces as large as those- at Swansea, but tirna. would -not allow. The Mayor of Wallaroo, an Orkney man, whose acquaintance .vi-e went very glad to make, drove with us back to Kadipa, where we lunched. We left Kadina about 4 p.m., and arrived -at Adelaide after a quick van down at-6.p.m. Juue 15.-^After bceakfaist busy writing kttetsifqc the mail until at. 11 a.ui. ; stir^S on horseback with the Governor to ride t» Marble Hill, eighteen miles awav on MoaaJ; Lofty. From the summit of this last are many beautiftil views, one especially from, the Eagle Neat Inn .down Waterfall Valiay, Ipckifig.baek op Adelaide and the. sea in ta» distance.. rQe hills, here are ? all covered, with trees to the summits, and reminded us of the blue mountains in Jamaica. iSJiit. about -everything — the hedgerows, the fields the gs a«j, tiie carts, the men, these- last stal wart, and brown, and unexpitabljj— there, w.vfc an unmistakable stamp of England, as w^-coda . along and gi-adually mounted the. hills .fcj. .Sifae Governor's house. June 10: — After breakfast, started with fcbjs Governor by special train to Freeling, where we arrived at 11 a.m., and then drove twenty IB lies to Collingiove, Mr. Anga3« place, where we arrived at L30 p.m. The -: road le^U v»p and down, over* a rolling land of.fertue red. eai th, and past many villages, some of them inhabited entirely by Germans (the holdings are mostly of 200 aqres each, well tilled, eack side, of the road), and- others entirely- by-iSwiss, uutil it arrives at Angastpn. A. conpla of. miles outside this township a cavalcads; of Oddfellows, with sashes and bows, came forth to meet us. One of them was brandiihing his red banner on high, which operation,, as neither he nor his horse were used' t» it, caused the two to part compaujv the naan being shot in one diiiectipn, and the banner in the ojfcher. We picked him up and put him, into one .of the carriages, and carried him back to- a puhKc house at the entrance, of the villag-o from which he had started; This was Jus homa, and here we top him, a 'little stunned; *ud bruised, but, no doubt abh*, after fortJbter slight refreshment, to feel quite himself again. At the schoolhouse in Angasfon the district couneH read a short address t© the Goremor; to which, he, standing up in the carriage, replied. in a fe»r:JieArty g^ sensible jrords, which were cheered to, the echo by all the jut habitants and hpliday-folk whp weoe shading round. June 17.— We are over 1,200 feet higher bare than at Adelaide, and the barometer -has goae with a bound fuom : thirty iuches to. tTKQtyr nine. It is . a fine bright, bracing jpaprninj. After breakfagt .we. go down to lopk a| thai, emus in the paddock, where they- are-keptjfoir laying eggs. They lay twice -a Week7 in a strange rough EOrtof aesty which is ekaplyva ? heap. of ? weeds.. Iym5..on;. the -turf. . After, . lunch .we .drove away, at ,1.30. p.m. haekfa Freelingj thrQugh Greeaocfc Kuripotwu Daveystpwn,. Angas. Parfe, ' and AngastSo, ' and left .by. special -tijijn:ior Adelaide/where' we arrived -at* p.m. Went'to dine- with the Speakerj Mr. Boss, ;and the ilegislaSLratilwdy^ . and afterthat to tfie ntay^sibaJi^J^.T-fl^n; Hall, which was Ave^ fin? thiftg. Thei^vhp,lft.. front of thebmldinp'waabrilha.ntjyillnniuyi.^pj^ : with gas, as also had bepn .that' bt the' FarSa-* mentHouEewhere-we-€uned.! The-mayer read ? \- an address, and JSddy jrepliedi: These ~wsg* aboutjSOO people,, bqt it; «f*s,not^tjall cjB-- nfeg^ as, besides, the ballrpom, pfcbgi: rofiaos^wece^aU thrown open,, the councu-chamVter baing^edl as a card' and smqking.room.. ^ June 18s — ^We- west to.the. opemag'-of-tfes ? ' National Art Galiery in the-inew' uniiter^itarj buildings, to.w'h.ich tthe'jQ»eMi .hW Ient;*oj»^ . pictures from Wandspr^ C3iiei. Justice W,%g . did the hpnprs.,. One htrndred, membjiis pf.^ie, - Vobmteer . Force (of' which there are in all l,5Q0)'weredrawB-iip atth-«idei under- Majoj^ Ferguseon, and ' looked' '? very : icelt'-ia - thetc ? scarlet , nnjfolrjns. These- men sP.luntese^d..*^, togo tptheTranscaaUaud;meant,it,too,.btfe were declined. SputJj.-.A.ustraSa .-efvieBjajr. considers itself & real and ;ii,vjuig. nortion of ? the British Umpire^, and; is -qaiite-' -wiSaiig tu .share ifl : the burdens of citazensh^4Rtii-$i^j ' mother country. June; 19.— In the aiternoon idi»ff:e^ to-jtht*. Hospifal^Cpr.IncKraiilee, .where theH»-.A!3!.'ao-j *&.- : fprty- eight patients; we went all over-it, aat . taw ^i; in every- ward.- There -were se^ac-it ? i^-_or :bcys with spinal iafiecticfflS) oae ^erj5 ? briKhtiiittle. chap. chatted wiji.-us^--is*e 'isufcv andgaxe ^s ^ome-carying .of^his. cssn^dpias.-, TLerewe.^alap.somepooj.ea.raJys^ldmsn^fe*:. , were sunning themselves in front. 'We liad 'a_ quiet dinner -at Government Boase^aHd^sfieiv - - - wards.fiome siusip .and. hjians with- Ludy^jmi ? Miss J^rvoi6;ia the.dras5jn(j-rpfiai.i June-2(X-^-Left AdeUadte at 7:3ft.a^, 4ms* .. by Mr,- . SfcirJin* in. ? his. drag ; I4f ntea^. , . Jervois and Mr. Thring ('' the colonel1' eio*?: acquaintance we first made in the mailstejimgc. who is a nephew of; Sir Edwa3drTlm!}gV'tta4-; reiatei .jfet- Uxa, GpTernw) aj»g»ing'?¥itlins5 os^ we leave Adelaide^iBe ,- paps- smjJl,ig?»{ffs1i.a£ .,- ? working, men agoing .t* thpic .labcir, .wha.sstc-g, aad cheer i-s. The road leadSrasKay np.&loaat.; . Lpfty, past -Gira Osmond? at the foot jojth^ hills, and four miles from . Adelaide, whs«» tas- Hon. . T; Elder has ^.curipus. colte&an; of, animals and .birds. Hitherto .the!;raad: is. jfcha, same as. we went on, Kednesday,: toe-, rirft , arable land all enclosed with/, posts, and tajfe or hedges, and under; ctfitivatipir for-graitt apii fodder, for vineyards ? and- (gardens^ -and' -j& ?? thickset with: homesteads^ Eragt Ahft.gnwwnit, : as the sun is shining- hrighfcly ymd the w«--d^; of red and blue guift.tre.es with Pthpii .ucderr growth, we have our last look at Adelaide, : with its towers and. steeples in the -distan£% over the plains, and -the gleaming ;ljne- dj se* behind in the.Gtttf o£St. Vincent. We pallad- ' up for . breakfast si. Gr^fer's : Inp. : JFrojeni tbg^j pomt begins, the dsseent.on-the. opposite sidpT of-tbeliiUs ; this is more,gradual tnan tt^e„^S cent, andthe woods. heri*-now of. white -and1 stringybark -gum trees- (a different -kawMiwiii those on the western side of: the range)iand'iar thjnner and more open. We driv.e sti$igte.: ,througli,Ecbuaga {^wenty-pjie mU^ f^a, Adft; - laide) to Macclesficld, where wecliaage horses^. : Getting .down for a few minutes, chatted with a lot of -Tittle 'lads from- th.fr Hahnderf scharf close by, amongst'whonione.who.-icas-aiiremuuii and anofchorwhe.was.a Jew- mad&tkabsistoSt-; iokes. The road leads.on .now; over-.coantrK: of, picturesque, hills, and. valleys,. ORea::loJg jA land with dead gum trees on either side^ these -having'been-'-rung,:'the -land was- fiw-a shart. time cultivated foy. wheat, but the-' *o& was top pocr^. and is now a^aip used: &r.sfeapj; . farming. Thus, on to .Strathalbyn,, a Sqofch; .settlement, wnere we- again, s,tpppe^L-;o,cha^» . horses, thirty-five miles -from Adekude,. ana, . where the town councillors, partly -Gfirmgr and. partly Scotch, welcomed- us, andJ-wi4l* them we go = into. the. institute, vaera -we. drink their.: heajths,. ai»d then gQ and il^aii a* the volunteers who, are ? also, ail turned. qu£; they are strong, stalwart, well set-up men, in a . serviceable, wtMimanlike uniform. Ifroiu here we dri-e through a nearly level country ? of pasture and wheat ' fields, . thirteen rnilea ; fc». Blilacg, en the westeisi; side; of. Lftke AJex andrina, aad tkusends.our pleasaufecoachdfi^a. forty -eight miles from Adelaide. . Here. Mr. Landseer {a, Relative, .of Sjr . Edwin's), the chief resident,, member, of the ' Assembly, and owner of- the steamers on-'the. lake, got :U3. on tothe tr-Hn, ran us-downitlie jetty,, .where the Dispateh: was jwajliiag wig*: steam, up, on. board- of which . they, had; prepared lunch for us. l£r. Edmund' Bar man, the eldest, nephew of Mr, Bowman,, of Campbell House, with -whom we are going -to stay; and 3Ir«- lJavenpart, one of. the-oldest colonists aud full of the, most intereatiae conversation, meb us, here, and ias soon. as:tbe lnggpgs had arrived we started and proceeded down the inland sea or Lake . Alexandrina, which is nowhere more than six or eight feet deep, and in parts not two, although the surface of . the- water (thirty, miles long- by fifteen broad) is so large that in many places the opposite coast is -out of sight. It' opens to the sea, by -a narrow . passage, known as the. Miuray sea mouth - ^e -lake is in reility au enhirgement of the Murray River, whose waters it receives at its noi th-e.ast end. It was quite -darlc when we acrived at the jetty by Campbell House, at the. southern end of Lake Albert, , at 6.15 p.m. _and were piloted jui by rockets and by blue lights, and,, as it 43. very, ghallow, ' landed in small boats. Mr. JanjjL Mrs. Bowman gave us _ a warm recep_tion ; after dinner- went to bed pretty tired June 21.— Breakfast at 7.30 a.m., and starfced imniediately afterwards, some ridiuy and others driving, for ths ' kangaroo hunt^. In. the first drive TTddy. shot two kangaroo, a right and left shot, George shot threes they, are in such large numbers here that, although their sliius make capital fur, it is _ customary, to cut off only their thick tails, which make excellent soup, and leave their carcasses on tbe ground. There were lots of duktchjea, which are smaller than a brown kangaroo, and are grey -haired and red-headed ; thesfe do not fatiake.the tail , on the ground in running as the kangaroo appear to do. There aru pits in the corners of this one padd0^ (which, alone consists of 800 acres) into which thft kaugavco'are driven on all sides' by 2&Q; blacks and many whites mounted. As thev coma bounding and Leaping along, they seem 'to have great difHculty in turning, and nevec athemj^ to avoid any peison or obstacle tha$ mfky bp . in their way, but go. straight for it, whabe«?r it may fce, even if it ends in- their bsivu- . capsized. A great numy. of course did not fall into the pit, the majority breaking, back tlircugh the line of beaters. 'Thjere were tw^- pits, however, intowhiqli a.good.miuiy j.umpei and out of these one Joey was taken, and a BCtletetbyiangaroooritof tts'mtithler'a pooch. *Rse-kangaj6o are very defetr&etive; te thfrsheep rums -by mating- the .grass, -and : multiply- a* a igre&t-rate; — fasterihanthey «a»'be&«p_t down. ,- -ta this estate, which consists of 50,000 acres, j there were 4;000 kangaroo killed last year; j 'each tail, which is worth. about .absence,: is j ? -given to the keepers, GJuere were lots of -wild turkey about, for it is a rough country all round, though it makes an excellent Bheep Tun. We haA lunch in the tush— English park lifee landi wooded with .gum 'frees and shea eaks, 'no undergrowth, only rough grass — inaJarfg a fire and cooking our own meat. Mr. Bowman shdwed'us how to make 'bush- -uriari's tea, boiling the water'first in' the billy, putting the tea on the top and then the t-ugar, -(starring it up with a stack. After lunch we rode after more kangaroo on horseback. 'You can ride a kangaroo down after about ? two miles_ in the' open ; we got twelve in this ?way. Using kangaroo hounds, about -fifty or sixty niore were taken; the dulachies and wallabies leap and bound with their tails off the ground; the kangaroo seems to use his as a level-. No kangaroo, unless by accident, in uneven ground when going fatt touches the ground -with the tail. The tail balances the aaimal. When standing or moving slowly in act of feeding the :inimal lias the tail always 'touching Jhe ground. The Australian burses are very quick to turn, and when the bridle is merely pressed against one side of the neck, fir iv'fcen the slightest hint-is.given by the:pres swre of the knee, they are round in- a second. And it is the same in driving; it was .Quite astonishing to watch, the way in; which Mr. ' ?Bowman bandied his pair, 'and whisked 'the waggonette in- and out and round about the \- stamps add fallen trees and all over the scrub, and coming home kept up abreast of the .gallop ing horsemen. Through thefgrass of 4he ogen there^xe broad clearings cut for roads, which reminded ene^of ' the ** ridings' in the woods attome ; ibis Is-dohe to check bush-fires. The soiaidof a- -lamb's bleat reminded one afco of England, where to-day is the longest day, -though here it is the shortest -in the year. The sky is leaden, and though there tb»o frost -there is a feel about the clear -air ? like ? a black -winter. After dinner, which \- was at 6 p.m., we went to see a, conotiboiee, ?wtocre the blaokfellows were encamped at - a «hort -distance from 'the -house. There- -were two tribes «f these, and-abontSGO of them in \- sill. They ?were painted with- white and black stiiaks-across'the face and chest, - and got up in correct style with skins and epear-a said boomerangs, and by jthe light of the fires which ?were kindled :in a circle around they looked sufficiently hideous. The tribes danced alter nately, and 'the watchword of their songs appeared to be half English, half native. A '-great *deal of the action of the dance consisted in striking the ground at the same iDCTcent, so as to cause an echoing thud with their feet. One ni the repeated actions ?was to canseihe- muscles-of the leg and thigh ?to quiver simultaneously from* toe to -stomach in e -most extraordiaiary manner. At -the 'end ?ol -each figure they brought -themselves -up efearp with ?& strange deep-toned sound, -feaaf ittrrah, half grunt, ' Wir—r-^r^-wah -' 33jey -would then -wheel right ^across the en elosed space inline, -and chattering ^as-fast as they conid, upon tike women who were sitting on the ground, and -also singing a -sort fof chorus- of a .few -notes; the line -woald 'then -wheel' back, break up into : twos and threes, ? braridishHig their short %ticks and clubs' ov-er ; their -heads, each saan vociferating quicklyto ?bis mate, and then all of a sudden these in- , cobereHt Bounds 'would all coalesce -together into achorusi^and the band again- united would cause the ground once more to vibrate -to the reiterated cadence of their stamp. ?June 22.' — Up at 4.-30 aJm.-, -and ;at 5 went by ?aloon and starlight, and the two planets gatui-n ? and Mercury fetill in conjunction, aiad ?frith-toe fcockete : and -bine lights to help us :to find nur -way to the end of the jetty, down Jio ? -fee Dispatch, steamer, to across' over to Menin gie'on1 the -opposite side of *he 'lake ten' miles ?«tf, -but forty rirom Mg«,npr at : the :other «rid. . : We arrived there at daybreak about . 7 ?».n». In the agrey morning light, xmd wife -all ^e green tfeed thfcough which 'the '«teasaer pushed its way is the = shal low water toUie landing-place, it did not seem an over-EheerfnT place; -but the few people that 'were aborit, aind with -rihom we ?conversed -promiscuously, ;were heatSy and - ?sonnd-Baijjded. They had nothing- to gain by . .prttendibgwiiat they did 'not feel, -and their .fuofessed reelings 'were -such as did 'i honor to themselves. We got into a 'large 'break liese tfattwas waiting for sis -with four horses, and 'put what -luggage 'wehad irito a two-horsed bteggy to follow. A' good nietal read led ;6ff through -tile %Mi-tlM stretched itway «n «rther 'side, :and consisted chiefly of -maliee bcrub and dtfskf eucalg^tus, and so to the ' ^ESm1 oShanter' ihin, «eer« Mr. McGaHum fead ftfefaarea a -cdpltailibt breakfast of fregh ' fish ianB sausages; to wliicb, -having Isedn four *ottrs is tfe -open J&ir;, ^we 'did'alople lastace. Tien -*8i ihreugh ?&€ btesh a^ain,^arid alotig down the Coorong, v.;here -tfefe-is- Baany;ia. pretty view in ^ie isuifiigbt &*ertij- ssmeoth blue water 4o 4^e saini -(iaws -and liills be yond, which shut out the sea from this long esfcuaay. VTben for miles -over btfen ^grass lands, and. .gjuntreos, here 6r 'twere, owher in clumps or solitarywise, and with a shanty ?or other sign of struggling dr -straggling settler, and with the road in parts well metalled and as sound -and hard -as any in England, and in others -merely running -over -grass, -and:the: black peaty soil churned dp ?by 'aaanyi rats ;and jscored with -wheel-masks of passing- traffic. The mail 'between Ade laide and Melbourne runs overland this way, and the TS%H-ho]*sed coach -passing twice a, day to and. fro is the -shief «nlivener-of the , beUtade ? *FMch -oi4idi-wifee, except. -for the footaid-ing -kangaroo aiid a ifew wild turkey, \- seeicB jfetpetaal. Mr.aadIVls-s.BbwEifln.hftd tJEdiy- provided; two Jiand-bt&es;, which we ? carried, 'in - the ^carriage - with 'us, ? filed wifch , fruit ami more 'solid refreshments,' ?which from time- to time still -further J«rihearteaed' the spirits of -the travellers, iwhbm,- ;however, **tlie Vivacious : colonel' ' kept . prebty -freil -awake. In many places -we drive as : fiirongh : a» open English park, only it is like -a park in chancery, ' *ith the trees ? fallen and dead ' -and the stumps -protruding -here and there, -sod! pools uncased for, and the grass growing by -their sides, dank and lank. And then over » sandy beach, -and through' water nearly over -tfee-wfeeels fora mile or two, but all sunnyand '?. pleasant ; and then on 'to .a wholly different w»3, black and fertile, the fenced -holdings bereabeiits ehowing thatinanrhad taken nature ' ji hand, 'as when Adaia-ieived and Eire -«pan,' -to replenish the fearth -and subdae it. -A few flocks of -sheep wandering at large and ? enjoying themselves 'by browsing as we -fed 'i-een -doing, although on other materM, , -were the signs that warned as 'we - ?were drawing Bear to Coolatoo, whe^e ' -we'pnlled iip for -lunch -at 4'p.m. -Xt'twasia ; -small inn kept by a Dane of the -Bameof : \- Ariderfeen, a native of Fonea, - -with whom we -enjoyed a -shat about Obpenhagen, thonsii ?it- iB !mtbny .years since *he has 'been there, i ' Sere tbe mail etops^laily at 8 p.m. forsopper, I \- and here the two - brawny mouhted So-jfch 'AastialTaTi tpolice handed on their -duties to jtrHrther ?pair ; -two of this well-mounted arid, ; \- weft-equipped, and in every respect,- es faras : -fee eye eonld judge, highly satisfactory body : «f asen condiicfted us the whole way. -Sodn ? after 'lea-viog Kere'-the stars came out ^agaia, and- we let -down the curtains of -the brake aad had^a «noose, but -as the road' was in \- parts -rery tough the membera of the party. »ow and thfen had a good -real -bang one 'agaibst -another. It was nearly 10 : p.m. 4»efere we -arrived at Kmgstoa' at the end of '«ur naiety^aght miles drive 'from Meriingie, ' feaving -loade altogetber '108 mile's -to-day, wh-Ich as tBor-e than the Bacchanfe's: average ?for -twehty-^our ? hours. Here '- the- iahabifeaiits -had iillsaaabated -their -houses, and ' some of tb€nr«ven-came out in a cavalcade to' welcome tk. After a- good dinner at Peek's Hotel, ? ?wild turkey -and teal,' we twned in and went to bed- -at 1 a.m. ?without the luggage, whioh 'Aid 'hot arrrve uotil an hbur later. 'Eh.e ? ba^igF -foand the -road -very heavy, ^a^ hsad -to put up with'a jibber or two. In oMea days 5&. Peek had been Colonel Moitat ? Edgcombe's -serva'nt, and, curiously, -bad 'been ' witb hnri^when he istayed- at the old hbuse -at Sandringham. ? Jiaie S.-^Brea®asted, and off by special -fefeisat1? a.m. We had a glance -first at the jBfer 'tidd -jetfy, ^wKere !tw6 -steamers were ?'Jyingf-for wool. - The ''district council turned ??at, -afid '^elr chairman' read a 'short address at tBefetdifien. 'W« shook lainTiyaie hand, and teld hfan'we were mnch obliged for -alUnsgood wifiiies, and we- hoped he would live 'Hiariy years, aad^hat every day of his life JwouTd be as fifll ' of happiness to him as he said te'day wis. The dew was lyingheavy Vjri^thffgrouna, -and there was a'froity *een feel in the1 air. TEhe trkin sped along'-swiftly;tlirou'gh scniband ' tfro or three wayside stations 'to Eucihaale, ?^wbere'itfetdpped to water, arid iall -the -feehbbl children turned out m a row along1 Ae plat -form,: whieh some one had -spent gains' and 'ttrfnble'to decorate prettily wifchevergreens. ?aftidiEangL'-3-aSaTe1£he-2neeri.'' 'We'arriveM Lrf- Na«*acoorte, the' present end of thVfiftt ?ibreeBiiles Taiilway from Kingston,'' at 1&.30 a;in., : where -we ?mounted Mr. E*bei*4-Jii;s 'privafe carriagie, and drove first to District '»iiaaTe,-w-hereb6thof us planted1 a guintree. We ' -werelTOia-'that lots^hore were gftingto-Be planted ' to-day -=£6 make a shady avenue round 'the : 84TJacei jtod. evidently thefeople here 'are pre pared to' make a regnlar day after'wefefe gone5^. -There are signs of p'repairations for fdatetiijg, anfl'the brass band with a Very' big ? dram have ahreafly begun their manipulation. Tneb to Strnan House,1 whete wfe lunched with '' Mr. Robfertsori ; beiorethat we walked over his ?igtcanfls,-and's4win'%'as i-4rk theGinall^ehced '?enclosure' within 'which- his'father rests, who »-i*i6 -4ne of the' firsts settlers ?who' caine-dufhete ;ffiirty-itwo; years ago ; ? and then to see the 1 fcasgarbo -!hoimds -and Ms- stud. ;Affcer'lnncTi ? tfiove on' throtigh open park-like scenery 'to ?¥eB^ioi thirty-two miles from ; Nafracoorte, ?**ftifrt'iWe:'-ariiTed about 4 'p.m. Hetethtere ' was- «oiifcl£?nr qrfte-ne* to;i;lie:-*-y«[ An '?tfiatcft^tteia-^-liif: fociSmhie, -iJn.atenaktof 1 tbe-aasWcf c^iStedil'j-ifc'Wis *nctest«j inJ sr-sllk csse HkeA^mion jack, which mnsthawcestihe school children who bad worked it much time ? anS Tabor, and referred a^noiigst other-things to our 'being in the navy. These' again are drawn up by the side of the road, and sin» the National -Anthem. There is also something original about the deeoi-ations here,- and it: is touching to see strong hearty men as well as ? women really affected by the remembrances of life did txraritry which our ? coming seems to awaken in their hreasts ; for of course -we know well enough that all this is not got up for -us, but is merely a sign of their warm attachment to -England 'over the seas, and of all -that name awakens and recaps in every British breast. Drove -on another four miles to YaUum Park, the charming and com fortable -residence of- Mr. Eiddoch, in a very pretty gar-den. Mr. Scett is -staying here, and after dinner he and Mr. iUddoch chatted a-way in the billiard-tbom, and gave us a good insight into the ways and manners of the country. The Scotch -are the best and most successful of emigrants. Half the most prominent among the statesmen of the Canadian confederation, of Victoria, and Queerislatid are born Scots, and all the great merchants of India are of the same nation. Vv-JiL'tfcer it is that the Scotch emigrants are f-:r- *he most part men of better education than ihose of other nations, or whether the tio6tchr£;an owes his uniform succeEB in every climate to his perseverance, or his shrewdness, the fact remains ? that wherever abroad you o-.meaeross a Scotchman you invariably Iind him prosperous and respected in calculating contentment ; and-with a strong handsd, open lieartcd hospitality that no words can render ivdeqiiate thanks for. To come in contact only with -euch colonists is morally healthgiving. 