Queensland Stock Movements and | State off the Country. ('Queenslander, Sept. 12.) WARWICK, September 4.-The weather continues .dry, the days being warm and the atmosphere hazy and dirty. There is no signs of rain, which is much needed. DALBY, September 5.-The weather still continues dry, and the country is in a bad state, grass and water being very scarce. Great losses of stock are anticipated. TAROOM, September 5.-There is no change for the better in the weather. The nights are cold, and dry westerly winds prevail throughout the day. All kinds of stock are getting weaker ; the Waterton fat cattle are passing through. GYMPIE, September 4.-Clear bright days, fol- lowed by chilly nights, with occasional heavy fogs, has been the weather ruling during the week, and there is no indication of a breaking up of the dry weather which has prevailed so long. TOOWOOMBA, September 7.-The weather is still dry, and there are no signs of rain, but it is inclined to be changeable. Rain is badly required, as the young crops aro being ruined for want of moisture. -September 9 : The weather continues dry. It is cloudy to-night, but there is little probability of raia falling. . NANANGO, August 29.-On the afternoon of the 2 lth instant, a very good thunderstorm, with rain aud hail, fell about the township, besides some earlier iu the day. I was surprised to find the rain only extended a short distance beyond the town. At the present time, I am sorry to say, it does not Jook like more, and bush-fires are to be seen in all directions. The following stock have passed through the township during the last few days : 'On the 15th instant, 5S7 store bullocks from Milton to Tucker Tucker, N. S. W., T. M'Cosker in charge ; on the 27th instant, S30 store bullocks for the Logau, Joseph Jackson in charge ; on the 28th, 500 store bullocks from the Bowen River to Cressbrook, D. Harris in charge. TOWNSVILLE, August 31.-We had a few showers last week. Just enough rain fell to lay the dust aud to freshen up the grass. Wo want rain very badly indeed in this district. A south-east wind is blowing, and the sky looks like rain, so possibly next week I may have to record a welcome downfall. ROMA, September 8.-The weather is most disap- pointing, as there has been no rain yet. No stock will travel this way, and the stations are all removing their stock to hired paddocks.-September 10\. The weather is cloudy, but there are no indications of a change. BuNDABEito, September 5.-Rain is sadly needed in town and country. Dusty streets and dried-up waterholes, withering feed aud unplautable land, ennpty watertanks and diminishing water every- where, begin to assume serious aspects.-September 9 : The weather continues dry, and dust storms are prevalent. A slight but inoü'ectual shower fell on Monday morning. The country is in a bad state. BOWEN, September 9.-No rain has fallen during the xiast week, although it has looked threatening every day. The weather is now cool and cloudy. JUNDAH, September 9.-Five hundred fat bul- locks from Mount Cornish passed here last week bound for Bourke, Mr. Murdoch in charge. The weather is keeping dry. BLACKALL, August 28.-Very changeable weather lias beau experienced this week on the Barcoo, but not sufficiently changeable to enable me to report wet weather instead of dry. When I wrote last week the weather was becoming quite warm, if not .hot, and rain was expected in consequence. It continued warm until Sunday, when a sudden change took place, and it was once more cold. This continued until yesterday, when it was warm again. There have been plenty of clouds overhead on some days, but beyond a slight shower of short duration last Saturday nothing has been received from them. We had evidence last Sunday that the time for thunderstorms is approaching, a few mild ones being observable in the south and west on that day, and a few light peals of thunder were heard in Blackall. I have been fortunate enough this week to have two lots of stock passings to chronicle. On 20th August there were 140 draught mares and geldings, the property of E. J. Stevens, and hound from Stradbroke Island to Chats- worth, in the North Gregory, Mr. Gillespie in charge. On the 21st August, 1000 rams and black entire Canova, the property of Sir Thomas Mcilwraith, passed, bound from Jimbour, Darling Downs, to Ayrshire Downs, in charge of Mr. Boyd. The rams were in splendid condition, and said to he the best flock that ever passed the reserves. GLAMORGAN VALE, September 7.-The weather ?continues dry ; no rain has fallen here for a con- siderable time; water is consequently getting scarce, and if no rain falls soon our prospect of a summer of plenty will be very poor. Bush fires have just commenced, and the sky is of a cloudy dull aunoarance. GOODBUBEUM, September 1.-I hear of a good ?deal of mortality amongst stock in this district, and if this dry weather continues I am afraid we shall have much more. The weather is cold at night and warm during the day. We have had a little rain since my last, but more is needed. "Water is becoming very scarce, and the xwospeets are not encouraging. ALLORA, September G.-The rain still keeps off, and the weather continues dry. There is no grass, and stock are in low condition. Fears are ex- pressed as to the wheat being able to stand this .weather much longer. Already some paddocks are looking bad, and the crop is very much behind liand. All the lucerne grown about here this year lias failed, and in some instances the second sowing has also failed. Yet storekeepers are only giving 3s 9d a bushel for corn, and I hear the Warwick storekeepers are only giving 3s Gd. I believe the price of corn is being kept down by the intro- duction of oats from New Zealand, where they liave been selling at Gd a btishel. However, if this ?weather continues much longer, although it may ?enable some farmers to work off their bulk of ?Chaff and ease the glut in the Brisbane market, there will be no wheat crop. Sevei'al wells have gone dry, and many farmers have had to cart .water tome miles from the creek to their farms. There is, however, plenty of water in Dalrymple Oreek. If this sort of winter continues as it has done for the last few years, farming about here .will collapse altogether, as no crops will stand these successive droughts. The weather of late lias been sultry, with promise of thunderstorms, .which, when they come, will be gladly welcomed by .all about here. WELFORD, September 10.-Twenty-four thousand ewes passed here on the 9th instant, in good con- dition, bound from Victoria to Isis Downs, Messrs. Oliver, Smith, and Co. owners, Mr. H. Gilbert in .charge. LAIDLET, September 7 -The chief topic of con- versation here is the weather. Once moro the farmer has to face what at present bids fair to be . . one of .the, worst seasons we have had for yeps. Of course, a few hours rain would alter all this, fjut unfortunately the rain does not come. Our \- two last season* h»Te been dry ones, and now the ground is thoroughly dried or parched, I might say. It now about six years since we had a good wet season ; consequently where the ground is a bit moist it is only on the top, and now a dried season, with the ground in that state, would mean ruin to many. The dwellers on the creek have a remedy in their own hands if they would only combine and use it ; I mean irrigation. Unlike most river land, our land slopes from the creek, so that it, would be an easy matter to put the water over the land if it could be got to the surface ; but therein lies the difficulty, as the moans to raise it costs too much unless the farmers would combine, and this is what will have to be done before long. As I have said before, then, and not till then, Laidley will take her proper jilace as the greatest producing district for its size in Queensland. At present it is becom- ing a serious question whether wo shall be able to feed the horses. There is a good bit of early corn planted, which looks pretty well at present ; the potatoes, too, are coming up fairly well. What we want now is a good thunderstorm ; let us hope we shall get it before long. COOKTOWN, September 10.-Strong south-east winds have prevailed during the last few days, and the weather has been showery along the coast. From the 2nd instant to date the maximum shade temperature at noon i?as 80 deg. j minimum, 78 deg. ; lowest reading, 68 dog. The rainfall during the same period was 0.54in. DARLING DOWNS, September 10.-There are pass- ing Goondiwindi 2000 fat wethers from Merriwa, ? consigned to T. G. Robinson and Co. for sale. Stock of all sorts falling off in condition. The weather still continues dry, with no appearance of a chango. 