(ril~O iit'11 OW\N ii t.ll'ONIII:NI.)'I'. utlt bi~l~i! ujl1 i~i1IIlilllZ ii' 1( el lii ~~ III\I~ iiililjM 11 iu~'1ilaautiaa111 ul e~lt hl'l tutu ltetrl iaiv(II~ a·llIl~~ldl(; lii1 du jet~11· it a.)litlI1 ~' tII'~ilt.lll ell" *lllij I aei tutu t·ilI, tir~ ',ll'' hal illo Ihlee eIetlelul ieee, clc~~i aa'etliitt will commence regularly on Monday. Stone, meanwhile, has been constantly raised and the pile to be crushed is a goodly one and I think will give satis- faction to the shareholders. I ought to have written to you last week, but was prevented by an attack of measles, not affecting myself di- rectly, but vicariously, in the junior members of my family, and my time was so fully occupied that I could not, much as I wished to. Your contem- porary was informed of the accident to Mr.Reynolds; the first of any conse- quence that has occurred since the claim was opened. He received a very severe scalp wound, and had a very narrow escape of being killed outright. The day after he was taken to Bairns dale in Mr. Hollensen's convoyance, and, after having the wound dressed by Dr. Morgan, went on to Sale, where his family reside. A friend-- well-known prospector-- came through to this place via Swift's Creek, the Haunted Stream and Shady Creek, and I was pleased to hear of the good prospects that have been obtained. The crushings at the Haunted Stream and Swift's Creek are of a most satis factory character, and I believe that the entire country intervening from here to Omeo is full of reefs, and many of them highly auriferous. The want of roads, or even tracks, is a great drawback to prospectiug, and a heavy tax upon any claim opened. The post office here has been re- established and the former postmaster re-appointed, so we have so much to be thankful for, but I wish the bi-weekly mail had also been restored to us, as the present time of arrival and departure give very little time for replying to cor respondence. The weather has been very hot for the last few days, and bushfires have been burning in all directions, and the residents here have had to protect them selves by burning-off round their dwell- ings which has added a smothering smoke to the natural heat. 