Published Every Friday. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1885 At the time of going to press bush fires are raging extensively along at Arthur's Creek and at Kinglake. At the latter place, one of the settlers, Mr Pierce Power, has had a large portion of his outbuildings burnt down, just managing to keep his homestead. On the Creek during the last 2 or 3 days upwards of 50 of the neighboring set- tlers have been engaged night and day in endeavoring to beat back the flames, but hitherto with but little succes, and it is feared that unless a change of weather soon takes place thousands of acres of grass and many homes will be principal suffferers so far in that locality have been Messrs. Horn, Duncan, Smith, Muller, Mitten, Whelpton, and Mrs. O'Deg Iato on Weuicesisy nighic, Ia son of Mr. E. N. 8tIll' a clihl alout 4 years of nge, dlitd soncowhluIt uclcdIclycin con. vulsiosc. Th'I child lhtI hlost ailing for~sme dclays, occasilcced, it wag sup Ilsuld, frionil cv" indulgoOce in untripc fruit, hlct no dlangr was anticipated ctltil the i'c: Ioomccnt. iThe fclcc of l-s ,cos o w ore irpotcrd ihy t Constcaili lt'fi'ltop to Mc Wingrove, ,.,P., who blqppptlti to ih ein thlct neighcio hoodih ctlit ticccc, nillc that genctlccclcic gavc a corti tielto 5that, uliIhc tilt circutmtlncsccic, cno !agtist.'ial icttiryY in hiti olciciot was ncccssartc, A. A pub lic il-cli5 was hold yostorrdy (Tliursday) ic Mr. . , Ellis's paddiockt Diaccotld Orcck, acci, notwtithcsadiiug dlco saliry ind oppII esiv t stiate of tic ticalllcr, a goodly cuchr'lod gatchered, cd,ciduitig thi short ttito w10 put itn ac B "ppearace,;, 11:g notircd tliat various •c.tcnes wloeo got~ tp for tit luanccccsmoenct it ithose. assuinctled by 1r, N. Ellis qcl'c ~oltihr gocctlemec ccn, ci an eaic tily ntgrot ic'ii, iclftical Ic fOsliing into oco tlhat c iy had so ccet to ecjoy thicmcScolY s tiepite tlos weotltr. Iiche sclotlust s of lci I? 'evaius ts givicg a full repdo,, SA fearI{iiy stilOi cattl oct ooliccrr to a yocung nc u nlled I ,iJ ca lOS'ScSciiedley, 28 yccars f ago, at aclcrac Finit at icoo cIcn Satci'dy hnst. I c cpptan s hn thit oim fcrtccanto young ccccc nnd ri A. AJ. JOlllln ccicac ro oo c til;cir way to 5cr. i' lPhrono's o Ilolr;elaclk tno got ctwo itllttlis,. In the Inne olppositc tiu S~tte cihcoclco ho1(sc, lJeding. to tie lato tr. ,ltcIc Alc!castrolg.'s plinddock, at tic !e t5ctc B t ne o cccdlky ticcy ihccia ".a Mipc" cud t jcst icisfOrec roCtlicg somce lcct go trocdic'cg trcons , ; [. o cllca's' ,to~s tclok tilc lctc, wlcA warnlc d th Ie ilc - csteta-t tc, licji .ciocr of thiplll. TI o tex~t thicg. Mir. Loo:nlcn sawc was tihca horsc pa cciccg hicc ricerlos, on cc liictilg uip ndi turcuincg hei focund tlcnoscdc lyiclg oi tihc. glroulld, ihaillg ovleltly collOc into callion with a tree. Assistacces cvac oltsctiioed fl'clcl tich S,!,t cUcchol huccse, acd ci trap. froc Ir, ,'rcfdiils, pnd the uti tfrttclacttc youcg. maccc was couvnyedc to lis licrothop's placic, ntltc tJocUtory sent for to cllttlcied hiilcl, iclt pl tchough c;orytlcitsg ios?ilie was donec, iln oless thIlcc Cqq: Icoutrs hio expihd. A unutgistsricl icquiiy ws lheld oi c tc Icd Icwiccg tic byic nr. Ti'os. Ar h'tonfig, J.LP, whlic thie evhcitcce o311r. A. ,. Lo\lllton anid i Dr. ,Jcllcacns is colli aid ca vorldict ic coctlcrdccc with facts rotclc·lccii. 'Tlo deckcnscl was te se~centhi apt, cof W'illalc andc, iMarg'c'lt ScccdIIy, o:f St!clciy Creck. \to lr0 iclfcirccctd that tilo diocenasetl was clloc of twils, ciind tlilt hiis twin bIcrolthicotio dcicy ccaftLr .hli-. icg D.cyi.ilist ihliilcg ccc into,) tc cc cllccd rCccived. ilaicnfclt cc! ,c Scitcicos injcllcy to one of his hiips. ihec ..lctcalasmcn S'hetche of- tlcta of F'icruar, ll.th, contcaics Ihe flilow iing illucstraticOt :.--~- c-citct of Aicoci ginals, Brighiton,A.D., IlSr.c; " Major G 'enial Sccrlteliley, iligic Coicncissicner ccf Nsco tucicnicc'c " Nccy ccicllicnal scol icccligs, Melt ourii .o Ucivecsic';" 'c lhcturnicng frotL ticc holiciay;" "CLho tcccrible chiwccay nccicdent at Ooota ccccin.circ, frcnc sketcic tccinkct icy "cn" lecnial cctiatis lr. r . Cclrcington ;" I II'. Mallcohnccs Ostltrih oall 'lll loltli Aus tlraliac " "The Snoctlh Actsttcalian Cacil iliat prccitltor;" cnc " ()Onacc'c1c, isccr Zcailtcl i" forcnlhg a cc 1ry. i ctomst-sing. cctccc'lcc 