Brevities. Thursday last rema-kable for tbe extra ordinaiy prevalence uf bushfires. Mr* E. Corr, of Buhford and Co., Brit bane, was speared hy blacks near the Nor manby diggings on Tuesday morning. Admiral Wilton, who was formerly in charge of the Australian naval station, hat been appointed superintendent of the Devon port dockyard. The Worlil learns that an action for £500 damige* for seduction and loss of ths girl's services has been brought against a pro minent and elderly civil servant. - A tourist from Victoria named Harold B. Hall committed snicide at Kurow. in North Otagn, on 22ud January, by cutting hia throat at the hotel at which be was staying Tbe London correspondent of the A *je aays tliat a fuud is being raised in England for the -Jtf-nce of the woman Dudley, who shot at O'Don ivan Rossa in a New York street. The nun Sheehan, accused of the Castle town Roche murders in Ireland, it still under remand in Auckland. A detective ia on his wsy out from England, but will not arris* for a montb. A rumor is afl at (<ays the Crrtirirt Advertiser) that Blips are t.. be taken againit * person formerly engaged at one of our principvl mines for obtaining money under false pretences. __ An A'jt cablegram states that Mr. C. T. Studd, the well known cricketer, was pre sent at a valedictory tnei-ting at Kxeter Hall on the 4th instant, prior to his departure to China as a missionary. A young mimed man named Henry Oscir has commuted suicide in Brisbane by tutting his thn.at with a carving knife. Th? deceased arrived recently from Synney, and was in the employ of a butcher named Warby. The London correspondent of the Argus •ays that popular fteling iv the Uni ed State* i* strongly in favor of tbe ho-pital nurse Dudley, who shot O'Donovan Rossa, and she is generally regarded as a heroine. The bullet lias not "yet becu extracted fiom O'Donovan Roata. Efforts are now being made by tbe Literary Societie*' Union in Sou h Australia to raise £10.000 for the establishment of tn endowment fund, so as to enable students engaged in the daytime to fit themselves to ) vase the B.A. degree at the University. 