©oton &alk.; . : — » A Mine-Owner. — We must postpone our remarks upon your letter until next week. The tender of Mr. James C. Hackett to convey a mail between Roebourne and Ash- burton once a month oil horseback has been accepted at the rate of £229 19s. per annum. The ratepayers of the Gaseoyne Roads Board District having neglected to appoint Auditors to the Board , on the recommendation of the Board -His Excellency the Adminis trator has appointed the/Resident Magistrate, and Mr. R. Cleveland, J.P., Auditors for 1885. Out of the £920 voted last session as a Literary, Scientific, and Agricultural Grant for 1885 the Geraldton Working Men's Institute receives £20, the Greenough £10, Northampton £10, Dongarra £10, Roebourne, £20, and the Greenough Farmers' Club. £25. The Gaseoyne Cricketers played at Fre mantle on Thursday last; fend were beaten by two wickets. They do not . appear to have had much luck in this match, but our corres pondent states that the finish was most ex citing. The Lubra amved at six o'clock yester day evening, making a smart passage. She leaves for Fremantle at midnight to-night. This is the first steamer of the tentative weekly service. The Lubra1 s place will shortly be taken by the Emu, which we hear is a much superior boat. TdajfrResident Medical Officer, Dr. C. B. EUMLbeiug absent in Perth, Dr. Jamieson, of high professional attainments, his locum tmesis. Dr. Jamie- several important posts we understand, to city. attention to the jetty make,' dis- . mat ter We of late of the - fowl-houses of Gera) d These generally occur when tbe steamSre in. We do not men tion this fact in order to ; bring discredit on the steamboat officials, but simply as-a curious coincidence. At any rate these bird fanciers, whoever they are, had better be circum spect, as the eagle eye of the police Is said to be upon ihem. Mr. Thomas Barges has applied to the North ampton Roads Board for permission to place four swing gats where wire fences cross the main roadfrom the Bowes to Narra Tarra district and Mr. Momssey's. Also to place three swing gates across the Minor Road from Fossil Hill, ta & Washenborough to AHynolba, and to close up the old station road from Mt. Erin Hill, via Wooderacarra Well to Allynoiba, as above. . : 5- 1 The summer season— if such it can be called — has so far been of a most exceptional character. The days having been exceedingly mild, and the nights quite cold, northerly and westerly winds having prevailed ja8 often as the customary ".southerly buster," and heavy rains have fallen on the Fiats. The conse quence is reaping is very backward, stripping being of course quite out of the -.question in such weather. The following is the High school prize list for the Christmas term, with which we have been favored by the Head Master : — Form VL, Saw ; Form V., Moore ; Form IV., Read ; Form IIL, Broekman ; Form II., James ; Form I., Higgins. The boys who have distinguished themselves generally are Drummond, Dale, Gall II., and Hall. Burt I. was first in drawing, and Bunbuiy in music. We are requested to state that the school re-opens on Friday, February 6th. The, annual Roads Board election for the Greenough District took place on Monday December 29th, when the following mem bers were duly elected members of the Board, Messrs. Hugh Stephens. J. M. Wilton, and Edward Poole. Mr. Hugh Stephens was apr pointed Chairman for the ensuing year, and Mr. Thomas Clinch, Auditor. It'was proposed by Mr. G. T. Harrison and seconded by Mr. G. E. Poole " That if the Roads Boards min utes of meetings are not inserted regularly in the Victorian Express, the board will discon tinue forwarding their advertisements to that paper for insertion." The telegraph office has been removed to the Railway Station, and Mr. Griffin has been installed as station master and telegraph operator, with Miss Commerford as assistant telegraph clerk. The rooms formerly used for telegraph purposes will be thrown into the post office, and if the dividing wall is removed a very commodious room will be provided for the sorting mid delivery of mails. We trust that the Post-master General will cause this to be done, although we have reason to believe the idea does notfindfavour with the local officials. Why we cannot imagine. The Australian Mutual Provident Society has now secured a highly influential West Australian directorate, constituted as follows : — Messrs. W. D. Moore, chairman), George Randell, deputy chairman), Sept. Burt, M.L.C., and James Morrison. .The chief Medical Officer at Perth is Dr. Way I en {Co lonial Surgeon), and Mr. George Fetliers has been appointed Resident Secretary. The ope rations of this Society, which are already im mense, are daily increasing, and it is satisfac tory to know that it has obtained a firm foot ing in this colony. The Perth Office of the Society is at present in Hay Street, but a handsome building will shortly be erected in St. George's Terrace, on the vacant piece of ground opposite the Freemason's Hotel. The New Year was ushered in. by watch, night services at all the places of worship in- the town, which were: well attended, ,and: also by a deal df disorderly conduct'' ; A knot of young men shifted various sign boards# and placed obstructions in the centreof theroads, which creasou ; df. danger ; bnlRRieywete cuse for such foolish conduct at festive sea sons like those that have just past, but even at such times it can be carried too far, and when it takes the form of obstructing the thoroughfare, ringing bells in the small hours of the morning, and dieordetfr gatherings al most culminating in a fight we decidedly think those implicated err very much on the side of excess. On New Year's Day nothing of importance occurred' in the town save the volunteer prize-firing/ followed by the pre sentation of .prizea, to the successful com petitors, ana a- highly successful ball, all of which we refer to elsewhere. The annual distribution of prizes to the juvenile branch of the Band of Hope took place on Monday evening in the -Wesley an Chapel. Mr. Stroud, who for the .last nine years has conducted the meetings, presided, and handed the . books and medals to his young disciples. About eighty rewards were given for attendance, readings and recitations during the year, some of the latter being of a superior class, in order to encourage the members in these exercises. A consider able number of visitors were present, includ ing the Rev. M..and Mrs. Bullas and much interest was apparently manifested in the proceedings. Tlie children were appropri ately addressed by Messrs. Bullas, A. Carson, and the chairman, aad the singing, which was not the least attractive feature of the gather ing, was effectively led by Miss Hay ward who presided at the organ. At the conclusion hearty votes of thanks were carried by ac clamation to the conductor, the organist and the secretary Mr. Henry Carson. Our Gaseoyne correspondent telegraphed to .us yesterday as follows ; — " The news from the surrounding districts is good, and as it is nearly time for the river to come down there are splendid prospects for the coming season. The telegraph construction party under Mr. C. D. Price are now one hundred miles from Carnarvon. There have been three stabbing' cases by Chinamen at Shares Bay reported here, the victims being whites. They are said to be not very serious. Messrs. Cleveland Brothers' new boat, the Federal has arrived here safely. The s.s. Natal took the remainder of the wool from this district with her, amounting to 168 bales. Another cricket match has been played at Carnarvon, " Married v. Single." The mar ried won by five runs, the finish being most exciting. An eleven from the Natal was also beaten by the Carnarvon cridket club by one inning6 and five runs. Cur Resident Magis trate in H.M.S. Jessie, with the Federal as escort, leaves for Sharks Bay to-day, Tues day. Jetty construction at Carnarvon is proceeding rapidly. The Pioneer, belonging to Messrs. Crowther & Baston, left for Sharks Bay on the 4th, having Mr. C. Crowther, jun., onboard," ' " ' " ' The Greenough Roads Board met on De cember 8th last, when the following mem bers were present : — Mr. H. Stephens, Chair man, Messrs. G. King, C. Connolly, T. Har rison, Jno. "Wilton, and J. M. Wilton. The Chairman reported the receipt of £1 for cart licenses for November, and the same was placed to the credit of the Board at the Na tional Bank. It was proposed by Mr. G. T. Harrison, and seconded by Mr. J. Wilton that the following accounts be passed for paymeiit : — J. Hall, jun., day work, £5 ; do £6 10a.; E. Gray, salary, £4; H Stephens poBtage and stationery, £1 '2s. 9d. It was proposed by Mr. G. King and seconded by Mr. G. C. Connolly " That the applications for 100 (and 160 acres out of the Greenough Commonage be approved." A discussion re lating to bush-fires, as requested by the Go vernment Resident, took place. It was ulti mately proposed by Mr. G. King, and second ed by Mr. T. Harrison " That the ordinance to diminish tbe dangers resulting fronj Bush 'Fires of the 2nd Sept. 1847, still meets all requirements providing the Act is strictly en forced." It Was proposed by Mr. G. T. Har rison and seconded by Mr. G. Connolly " That the Roads Board annual election take place on December 29th, the poll to remain open from 2 to 4 p.m." Sir. G. King was ap pointed . Returning Officer. \- We hope to see some amendment made in the Scab in Sbeep Ordinance at the next ses sion of Council. Under the Act sheep owners or overseers Are required to make a return of the shieep in their possession, on the last Sa turday in December, and forward it to the Resident Magistrate for the district in which the sheep are depastured on pr before the fol lowing 15th of January. The impossibility of strictly adhering to tins law is easily made apparent. In the first place it is quite impos sible for large floek-owhers to count their sheep in one day, as they really ought to do, if the letter, of the Act is strictly adhered -to. In the next place a number of our settlers, in fact nearly all our largest settlers, cannot manage to get their return into the Resident Magistrate by the required time, i" conse quence of the distance of their stations from town. Seeing then that the Act cannot be complied with by many of our settlers the best thing to do is to amend it. What we re cOmmend is that slieepowners should forward to the Resident Magistrate on or before the last day of the year the number of sheep in their possession at the last shearing. Owners then would notbeobliged to make aseparate and troublesome tally, as they ought to do at the present time — although we believe many of them do not— and it would be quite possible for all to have their returns in in good time. "In Its issue of December 11th, the W.A. Roman Catholic Record contains an article With reference to "its bete noir the High School. Inasmuch as that institution may now be regarded as firmly established, and it is scarcely likely a majority of members of Council will ever undo tlie little work already done is the colony in the matter of higher education, we shall not trouble ourselves to defend the existence of the High School. But we feel compelled to refer to tlie closing re marks of our denominational contemporary in the article referred to. It refers to the " undeniable qualities of exclusiveness and "respectability which are attributable to the High School;" and infers that parents and guardians in some cases send their children to tlie School out of deference to class and caste prejudices. Now this is simply incorrect and nonsensical, as everyone at all acquainted with the management of the High School is aware. Any boy, no matter what his parent age, can gain admittance to tlie High School, if his relations are prepared to pay the fees. No enquiries as to the respectability or repu- tability of a boy's father are ever made, and tliere is not a case on record of a boy having been refused admission to the High School on account of the antecedents of his parents. We regret that in opposing the High School a paper which, as far as its leading matter is concerned, displays 60 much cure and ability, should have fallen into the serious sin of mis representation. Our Northampton correspondent writes : — You were wrong in stating five members were alected to the Roads Board, only three being elected in place of those retiring. The three elected were Messrs; Mitchell, Hall, and More, Mr. Mitchell heading the poll with 85 votes, this being the largest number ever be fore polled.at Northampton. The next com petitor: was overBO behind. It is regarded by most people here as another defeat for the Cnservatives. We have had a very livelif Christmas liere, and on Boxing Day there were feports and rachiff at the Rail way Hotel. A handsome saddle' was presented $©r Bbe bad tepecially. purchased for the purpose, dur- ing her recent visit to Fremantle. This was only right, considering the races were held at the hotel, and that Mrs. Hosken was the . one : who chiefly benefited by tliem. Ou tlie day after Boxing Day, the volunteers fired at the butts. Lieutenants Mitchell and Spalding found the refreshments, and the day, though hot, was evidently enjoyed by tlie men, not tbe least enjoyable part of the proceedings being the kiss in the ring and other al fresco sports which followed the firing. . On New Year's Day there were some good scratch races at Wannerenooka, a large number of people being present. Drew's horse again carried off two, thus winning a fine saddle and £6 in one week. Mr. McPkerson, of Yarra, also won two races on the 1st with a fine young horse recently broken in. £6 18s. was sub scribed on the same night towards the annual races on the 17th March. Thus ended the most lively week known in Northampton for years. " Judging by a resolution proposed at a meeting of the Greenough Roads Board by a Mr. G. T. Harrison, and seconded by a Mr. Poole, but which our correspondent does not refer to as being carried, those gentlemen seem to think that in consideration of the nominal amount per annum which the Board spends in advertising in our columns we are in duty bound to publish all the minutes of meetings which may be forwarded to us. We scarcely see matters in exactly the same light, as Messrs. Harrison and Poole. When the Gree nough Roads Board advertises in the columns of the only local paper in the district it does so to suit its own convenience, and haB no idea whatever of conferring a favor upon the paper. Of course it could publish its adver tisements in one of the other papers in the colony, but, although this would be very un kind, we think tlie Victorian Express could stand the blow, and would not close up its office in consequence, But, setting Messrs. Harrison and Poole on one side, we are anx ious to publish the proceedings of such im portant local bodies as our District Roads Board, and are glad that the Greenough Roads Board is anxious that its proceedings should be known to the world. We only wish the Geraldton, Northampton, Tallering, and Gas eoyne Roads Boards would display equal anxiety to make known the work they do at and outside their meetings, and we should really be very mucb favored if they would instruct their Secretary to send us reports of their meetings. Perhaps their modesty for bids them, at any late they do not consider it the imperative duty of the Victorian Express to publish everything they do. However, for the benefit of our readers, — not for the sake of the advertisements — we shall be most bappy to endeavor to find space in future for Gree nough Roads Board reports. We recently mentioned the large quanti ties of aerated waters which Mr. Jose of tbe Trefusis Factory, Geraldton, has shipped to the North-west. But we were quite unaware, until we recently paid a visit to his premises, that he was conducting such a very extensive business, and had such a large and valuable plant. We found on visiting the factory an engine shed containing a vertical steam en gine, 6 k.p., by Tangye, driving a large soda water machine by Barnett and Foster, capable of producing 700 to 1000 dozen of aerated waters per diem ; a large gas generator and holder by Eugene Geraut of London, a very superior piece of machinery, saving much labour and material ; and a thirty inch circu lar saw fixed ontside the shed. Adjoining the soda water machine is fixed a 200 gallon slate tank for mineral waters. The engine- ro.om communicates with a large cellar, well lighted and ventilated in which the waters, syrups and cordials sire bottled and stored. The other departments consist of a bottle shed, where the washing . and packing is done; a sugar and cork room, in which are stored tanks filled with loaf sugar, bales of corks, etc., a general shed for acids and other materials required in the business, and an office and dark room, the latter being neces sary in order to preserve the valuable essen ces and oils employed. On the premises are fixed 24 iron tanks for rain water, forae and lift pumps, and every convenience for the factory. The average daily turn out is about 130 dozen, or about 1,500 bottles, a very large number it will be admitted. Mr. Jose in addition to sending quantities to the North West and Gaseoyne districts, supplies the whole of the Victoria district, the steam ers, the Weld Club, and several city custom ers, who express a preference for his manu factures on account of their cheapness and superiority. It is gratifying to see such a large and flourishing industry in our midst, and we wish Mr. Jose increased prosperity, for he certainly merits it. During the fire on Friday morning about ten o'clock a disturbance occurred at the back of the hotel, culminating in a fight be- tween two young men named Carlson and Dyson. This was all the more regrettable as the former had worked with much energy and bravery, at the fire, and his efforts had largely helped to prevent disaster. What was also especially regrettable in connection with the affair was that about half a dozen young women were eagerly watching the fray with apparent pleasure, the two men being stripped to the waist. We must say that there has been sufficient misbehaviour of late amongst the young men, without the opposite sex countenancing and encouraging such conduct. On the police coming on the scene Dyson made his escape amid the ap- proving cries of some onlookers, but Carlson quietly submitted to arrest, and was subse- quently admitted to bail. On the following morning they appeared before the Resident Magistrate, and Mr. E. Shenton J.P., when Mr. W. H. Gale appeared on their behalf. Mr. Gale complimented the Resident Magis- trate on the firm stand he had taken the pre- vious day, — Mr. Eliot having visited the scene of the fire, and by his presence and authority checked much disorder. Had it not been that Mr. Eliot had arrived upon the scene, and exercised his authority he, Mr. Gale, believed much more disorder would have ensued. Regarding the defendants, doubtless they were very excited at the time, owing to the hard work they had done, es- pecially Carlson, and also, possibly, to the drink they had taken. He trusted that under the circumstances His Worship would deal with them leniently. The Government Resident said a great deal of misbehaviour had been going on in the town of late, and he was determined to suppress it. It was called by some "larrikinism" — he called it "ruffianism" His Worship then read the Larrikin Act, and said that the next person who was brought before him for disorderly conduct would have the full benefit of it, and receive six months imprisonment in addition to a fine of £10. He should not want it proved to him that the person charged had been fighting, it would be quite sufficient if it was proved that his conduct had been disorderly. He should communicate with his brother magistrates, and request them to take similar steps. In consideration of what Mr. Gale had said on behalf of the defendants, Carlson and Dyson, he should on this occasion merely fine them 10s. or seven days' imprisonment. We sincere- ly trust that this timely warning will be ef- fectual, and that our young men will see, be- fore it is too late, the folly and worse of such conduct as they have lately been guilty of. Miserableness.— The most wonderful and marvellous success; in cases where persons are sick and pining away from a condition, of miserableness that, no one knows what ails ihem (profitable patients for doctors), is obtain ed bv the use of Hop Bitters. They begin to core Horn the first dose and ieop.it up until perfect health and strength is restored. Notice. 