AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. "HI V H E R 0." bx no»t. p. wnrrwonxh. " Tell you ft Btory boys," said old Jack Hall one fine moonlight night, as we eat smoking outside tho shearing shed on old Wilson's station on tho Wimmera. _ "Ob,yes, I'll tell you a story. You see that black boy I've got following me round. Why, he's the smartest boy with horses this side of the Maneroo, and that's saying a good deal j and what's more, the young beggar 8 kind with 'em, whioh, for one of hiB breed, ib somewhat singular. However, that's neither here nor there, and has nothing, though he himself has, to do with my yarn. A good many years Binoe, fourteen or fifteen maybe, I was timber getting in the Riohmond River district up on the north ooast of New South Wales, and we'd struok a rioh piece of oedar brush on Emigrant Greek, ft goodish sized stream on the north side of the river, and about thirty miles from the It was summer, about the middle of Janu ary I think, and it was hot, oh, so hot. Down here you've no idea of the heat on those swamps; the heat, that terrible moist heat, that brings up a kind of thiok dense over powering mist from the low lying country round, a oountry whioh is one big lagoon in the wet season, and a damp, dank, evil-smell ing morass in the dry, the very hot-bed of fever and shivering ague, to say nothing of rheumatios; and then the mosquitoes—phew I —nothing like 'em I ever saw, unless it was at Hexham, opposite Ash' Island, on the Hunter River, where they oall 'em gallinippers, and A' very appropriate name too, I think, for in the way of gallying you, and nipping you, they are terrors, Bnd no mistake. 1 ?We were a party of six, we'd been at work in the neighbourhood for about four months, and had got as fino a lot of firat-olaBS timber stacked as you oould wish for, and were beginning to think of rafting it down to Ballina, where it oould be shipped by the sohooners and other craft in the timber-trade for Sydney or where not elBe. The stufl was etaoked on the river-eide, near the oamp, whioh waB in a little flat under the rise of a sloping hill covered with tea tree florub ana thiok undergrowth. . v Oh, it waB hot, hot, hot. The vera air was auivering with the . heat, and the little' westerly wind that we had was blowing from the plains beyond the rangeB, as if it had been the breath out of a fiery furnaoe. •• We oould not work, we didn't try to, we lay in suoh shadow as we oould find, smoking, and wishing for tho deoline of tho sun that shone above ub in the heavenB like a huge red burning ball. The silly birds had sought the covert ol suoh leafage as they oould find, the Iguanas had sheltered themselves under the grey sandstone rooks, the very oioadas in_ the trees were too weary to keep up „their ohirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. i Our oamp consisted of a slab and bark men's hut, and another Bmaller hut used as a Bleeping plaoe and kind of office by the bosB. It was on a little baok-water of the ereek, whioh was about a quarter of a mile away, and we had cleared a belt of maybe twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this wae grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flame up like tinder if you gave it the chance., The spot bad,been a blaokfellow'a oamp, but the niggers had shifted away a mile or two when we oame, to some sorub on-the other side of the hill. We had had a little trouble with the beggars at first, for they wero awful thieves, but the boss waa.not a man to stand muoh nonsense, and a few smart larruppings had taught them that the " white fellow" and his belongings were best left alone. .'There had been heavy bush-fires In the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Olarenoe, rind at night the whole side of the range for miles used to glow like a vast wall of lurid flame against the blaok pall of thiok smoke that rose from the burning bush beyond., Still we felt safe enough, for the wide and deep Riohmond river and swamps lay between us and the flre, and we were well sheltered from the strong westerly winds by the ranges themselves. It was one afternoon, about two o'clook, when Sandfly—bo we oailed a half- oaste boy we had with us—eame to me, as I lay on a bench in the shade of a hut, haU-aBleep, and rousing me up, said in hurried and frightened accents: ' " You, Jaok Hall, make a light, big one fire sit down 'tother side aloDg o' hill, murry , quiok that folia oome, my word." That woke me up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a start, I looked in the direotion he indioated. There it was, sura enough. Rising from the other side of the •light eminence which shut us in on the west; was a dense volume of dark smoke which told its own tale, too surely. tThe fire, by some , means, had taken possession of the dried up open bush, and, impelled by the light hot wind, was ooming rapidly in our direotion. •The rest of our party, Jim Btaok, Curly, Dutoh Fred, and Tom Bowman were in the hut, endeavouring to forget the trying heat In an engrossing game of Euohre. The boss had gone away the day before to look after another party higher up the river, between us and Mount Leslie, and was expeoted back that afternoon. In leas time than it takes to tell, the boya were out, the slip panels were down, and the bullooks and horses, smelling the acrid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their natural inatinot, stampeded for the lower swamp*, where they knew they were •afe. Fight fire with fire. That ia the only way to fight fire, We all of na, aa old bushmen, knew that well enough, and therefore pre Sated to meet the foe that would soon sweep own on na, by burning off the orisp dried grass in our belt of clearing, and beating it out on the inner aide of the ring with branohes of the greeneat brushwood we oould find, for if the fire onoe oaught the parohed bush inside, not only our oamp, but the pile' of timber, the prooeeds of our four montha labor, worth a oouple of thousand pounds or so, would be swept away like matohwood,and we, even if we esoaped with our lives, should have to take shelter in the mosquito infeoted swamps. Evan aa we ware spreading ourselves to meet the fire along our western boundary, we saw the boss, spurring as if for dear life, top the ridge on his sweat lathered mare, and, totally^ regardless of traoks, or of rocks or fallen timber, riding towards us at a break neok pace. "Good lads," he shouted, as he threw, him self from his reeking animal, and saw us ready for the coming struggle, "good lade, J/0 had a tough job to head the flames. The blaok beggars out yonder have fired the Borub, confound em, and in a few minutes the whole of this side of the country will be in a blaze.' Cattle in the swamps ? Good. Now then, three this way, tbrco that. Keep it baak all you oan, and stamp it out as you As he spoko, tho smoke oame rolling in heavy clouds on the top of tho rise, envelop ing us In its thiok acrid folds, and tho craoklo of the burning shrubbery and the rumble of the devouring flames sounded louderf and BMnr enrj JajplMt. Mmij mora el kangarooand wallaby blundered past us in mad tenor like 8*ey ttn® thousands o! oookatoos and other birds flew screaming overhead, or dropped suffocated by the smoke. Already the fiery tongues of flame oould bo seen shooting upward among the tall timber beyond tho ridge, and wo, blackeued, be grimed, singed, psrphed_ with thirst, and dripping with perspiration, Btood ready to meet the onset of tno enemy at his nearest attacking point. m flWe had fired our safety belt, and stood, we and our property, within a ring fence as it were, of blaokened ashes, comparatively safo. The flat beyond us was almost devoid of timber, and the underbrush was very sparse, bo that, beyond a few clumps of ti-trees and mimosa, close to tho outer edge of our ring, it had not taken fire, and our energies were now directed to spreading the flames in that direction, so as to meet tho approaching con flagration. ' The sky. or rather tho amoke rack over head, was of a dull lurid hue, and the roar of the flames was oppalling. Next me, and working like one poBBcssed, was Tom Bowman, one of the biggest rips in the whole country side. Loud-mouthed, blasphemous, drunken, profligate Tom Bow man, whose name was a synonym for all that was blaokguardly and disreputable. We cedar cutters were, as you may readily im agine, none of na particularly respectable as the word is generally understood, but even we, the worst of us, conoeded the proud pre eminoe in wiokedness to Tom Bowman. He was, in fact, what is oommonly known as " a hard case." Of his antecedents we know no thing, save that be had at one time been second mate of a oollier, and, to tell the truth, nobody oared muoh to ask, for although not ezaotly of a quarrelsome disposition, with him it was a word and a blow, and, as the saying goes, the blow frequently oame first. As I said, we were busy firing the outly ing scrub, Tom next to me, and had al ready got a narrow belt of it into a blaze, when a sudden ejaculation from Tom oaused me to look where he pointed. ■» On the very orown of the ridge, blinded by the smoke and dazed by the infernal din be hind her, waB a black gin, bearing a burden (we oould not sea what) in her arms, and staggering onward over, the broken ground down the side of tho hill, Terror lent her strength, but even that oould not cope with the pitiless foe in her rear. With a swish ' and a roar, the fierco flames swept over the ridge, licking up the scant , herbage and the dried up brushwood, and running like fiery Berpents ujrthe trees that stood in their on ward path. Fast aa the poor creature flew, they flew (aster, and, with groans of com miseration, we saw that in a few moments she most fall a viotim to their resistless power. , I saw Tom olenoh his hands. I saw his lips quiver nervously, his eyes glisten with a mar vellous light, and the next instant, with an oath so terrible that I don't like,to repeat it, he shouted: "I oan't stand this, to see a woman roasted before my eyes, and not raise a hand to try to save her. No, not Tom Bowman." And, with a leap like that of a deer, he dashed through the burning buBh, and darted j forward to meet her. We saw his intent. It was to reaoh her ere the fire overtook her, and, if be oould, either carry or drag her within the burnt up space. But it was not to be. He was not a dozen sards from her when, blinded, suffocated, ex hausted, she staggered, reaoveriad herself but for an instant, tottered, fell, even on the very edge of the oharred and smouldering ring, and the next instant the flamea had lapped her in their fiery tongues. We, that is, the boss, myself, and Dutoh Fred, had followed Tom in his mddrace. When we reaohed him, the firs had parted, and he stood pensively gazing downward at tho poor oreature whose life he had striven so hard and so nobly to preserve. Blackened with smoke and begrimed with the falling flakes of oharred wood and leaves, soarred and blistered by the fervent heat, his hair, beard, and eyebrows singed off, his clothing bnrnt and torn to rags, and his very boots shrivelled on his feet, he stood silent, sorrowful. At last he spoke. II Mates," ho Baid—and it was in a won derfully soft, sad .voice, and almost apolo getically—'• I done what I could. I tried to save the poor thing, but I oouldn't. I done what I oould." She lay, faoe downward, partly enveloped in a shrivelled up 'possum rug, and silently wo turned her over to look at her face. She was quite young—not more than eighteen, and, clasped to Her bosom with a oonvulsive olutoh, was a bundle wrapped in a piece of old blanket. "By thunder!" ejaculated Tom," it's a babby Bhe has, Blame m?, if it ain't a pic oaninny." It was even so. The hapless girl had evidently been absent from the oamp when the blaoks had set the buBh alight, had been surprised by the flre, and had fled befpre it. Ana, when unable to go further, and over taken by the flames, she had oovered up the little one with her body, and so saved its life. • . Some folks say that blaoks have no souls. I don't believe it. Others say they have no feelings or natural affeotion. I don't believe that either. Here, at all events, was a proof of maternal love, and of maternal instinot, strong in death. Had she saorifieed her child to her own safety, had she thrown it down in her mad raoe for life, the ohances are that Bhe would have reaohed our haven of refuge. But no, she loved her baby boy with the unspeakable depth of a mother's love, and she had given her life for his. * We buried her where she lay, and Tom adopted the baBy. "Mates," he said, in a husky voioe, "I tried my best to save the mother, and failed. I'll take the kid, and do the fair thing by And ha did. He kept him till he died, three years sinoe. Gored by a wild eow he was, out Mudgee way. I was mates with him at the time. He left the youngster to me,and I've had him ever sinoe. That's my story. And I say this, that Tom Bowman, standing there over that poor girl as he did; soorched, blaokened, bleeding, blistered, was a true hero. At any rate, he was my hero. Poor Tom. Rowdy, tamping, ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fighting Tom. In the blaok list against him there will be at least one big, white, shining mark, for we are told in the good Book what One. whose name I. don't oare to mention in a yarn, said of a oertain big sinner: and the same may be said of Tom—" He done what hecoald." ' ^ i Eduoation is often valued, not for itself, but merely as a stepping-stone to wealth. We give it to the young, and they take it not so muoh that they may beoome through it better, nobler, happier, and more useful men and women, as they may gain the power ol rising from a lowor'to a higher station, from poverty to medioority, or from modioarity to wealth. Thus tho eduoation that fits them only to adorn a humble position happily and contentedly, instead of cultivating ambitious longings, that ohorishes health and strength of body and fills tho mind with resources for its own Taotivity and power for its own development, without any direct referenoe to amassing a fortuno.is too often negleoted for narrowor and shallower instruction. Is not tho mind moro than the purse ? Shall we sell the one to fill tho other, or shall we rather spend freely of our gold to build up the intel lect. to cultivate the tute, to fortify the pnQOiplOi» 