: OAJ ffi E LI Sf E : ?''? ; ? on ;;TfiE;;§8ifici5s .bride. ' A ROMANCE OF ENGLAND . ?f+m AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. ' Ify. ERAN01SA. DURIVAGE, AUTIIOIt OF 'The Itrollicr'.t Scn'.Kt,' 'A lost ' I-'omelroy,' stc. . ? CH A PTE It X; (Continued.) ' Poverty. I havo a long journey to moke — -a voyago of months— and it requires monoy, a hundred pounds.' 'Then you'll have to givo it up,r- said Wilson. ' Where arc tho hundred pounds to-como from?'.. . 'X ask you for it, I beg it of yon, to save . vour child's lifo. I must eo to Australia. I roust bo near my husband. It is tho last favor I will over ask of you. I will never Buo to you for another penny, for another morsel of bread. Do this and bo rid of me for ever. ? Alas 1 alas 1 I know now that you never lovod me.' 41 And why should I lovo yon ?' ' Yon ask why a father should lova his only child I' ' You are riot my ohild.' /'? ' Not your ohild I' ' No. And if your own father easts you off, why Bhould you oxpeot that I could bo so sweet on you?' . Garmelina saw that ho had boon drinking deeply, arid was uncertain how much truth thero was in what he said. But ho went on ' in the same strain. ' Your father might shell out tho needful, but it is not-very likely.'' 'Of whom are you speaking, sir ?' ' Of his grace, the Earl of Elwood.' Carmelino was certain now that her sup posed father did not know what he was say ing. Ho'kcpt chuckling and laughing, and repeating: 'Ay, ay, the Earl of Elwood, tho Earl of El wood. A peer of tho realm — holds his head as high as a prince of tho blood-royal. Wouldn't aoknowledga a poor devil of an innkeeper as bis brother-in-law, not he. If I could only prove— but no matter 1 Ho shelled out protty liberally though.' ' What aro you saying about the Earl of Elwood, sir?' 'Nothing, nothing. Go to bed; don't bother mo to-night. A hundred pounds I Pshaw I a mere tritle. . Of coaroo I've got ?, 'em lying round loose, tied up in an old ntookirig, or something. I'm rich, by Jupi ter I Of course you shall have tho hundred pounds I I think I seo myself giving 'em to youl Go to bed, go to bod.' Oarmeline did go to bed with a heavy heart,. \- Tho next day sho again sought the innkeeper before he had time to becloud his faculties. ' Sir,' she said, ' last night you told sue a Btrango story.' ' I.oan't romembGr tho day after what I Baid overnight.' 'Do you remember mo asking you for a . hundred pounds ?' \- ' Something ot tho' sort.' i ' And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was not your ohild, but tho daughter o.' . some great nobleman.' 'And you were green enough to beliove . mo ? Pihaw 1. Whon I'm in my onps I bavp . strange fanoies. sometimes. You a lady one. tho daughter of a nobleman 1 Tho soonor you get such notions out of your head the Wtnv ? ? ' I will not dwell upon tho subjeot since you tell mo you were only jesting. But, dear father, let mo ren6W , my request. I mmt ? have the means to go to Australia. My lifo depends upon it.' ' Well, well, I'll sea about it. I'll seo -what oan be dono. I won't forget.' Bamember,' . aaid Oarmeline solemnly, '' that my life depends upon my obtaining ?that money. I am not jesting.' When . Thomas Wilson was alone ho ohuokled, over an idea wbioh had entered his Boheming brain. Ho went to his desk end indited a letter to tho Earl of Elwood — for Oarmeline's father had sueceedcd to tho title— -in whioh ho pleaded for a rcinittanco of n hundred pounds, to bo ufed for the benefit of the : earl's daughter. IIo requested it should be sent under oover to him, and lie ' promised, if the Earl acoeded.to his request, tlmthe would never ogain trouble him for money. The letter was by no meanB ill written, and Wilson almost flattered himself that tho amount asked for would come by return of mail. Of course, ho never intended Riving Oarmeline ono penny of it. Thomas Wilson, landlord of tho George, knew better .. than that. . . Two days afterward tho letter-carrier Stopped at the George Inn. 'This is for you, Mrs. Vernon,' he said, plaoing a letter in Carmeline's hand as she Btood at tho door. She glanced round to Bee that no one was' looking. She had grown suspicious. of every ono. The London postmark 1 Who oould havo written her from London ? It was ad dressed, too, Carmelino Wihon — not hor married namo. Sho hastened' to her room nnd tore it open. It contained a cheque on tho Overton Bank for one hundred pounds . sterling, payable to boarer, and was signed 'Elwood.' It seemed a gift from Heaven. Her prayers had boon heard, her wishes gratified. Sho did not stop; to ask how it happened that tbo exact sum she wanted oamo- frora London. Sho had forgotten the namo of Elwood— alio could think ot noshing but the money and all it promised her. . Hiding tho precious slip of paper, she hurried to the bank. Tho oashier was Elightly acquainted with her, and nodded. How carelessly he handled the cheque, glanced at it, and then tossed it in a drawer. ' How will you havo it, ma'am ?' ' In amall notes, if you please.' Sho took tho money, hid it, and hastened back to tho inn. Sho had not smiled fov many a day, but now thero was aotually something lilio a smile on her wan, weary faoo. Her reputed father met her at tho door and noticed her expression. ' You look something liko you used to be,' ho grunted. ?' Fathor, somo kind friend, aomo angel in disguise, has sent mo n hundred pounds from London. Was it you 1' ? ' 'I was tho meana ot it,' lio' mutterod. ' How did this monoy oomn?' ' In a Iettor— a cheque.' ' Signod by whom 1' 'I don't remember. Moywood, or some such namo.' ' Elwood ?' ' Yes, that waoit. Only just Elwood.' ' An old pal ot mine in tho city. I wroto to him about you.' . ' Dear— dear father 1' 'No thanks, girl.' Ho wbb greatly disappointed in not. get ting tho romittanco himself, but, on second thoughtB, concluded it waB as well to let tho girl go. Sho would never bo a burden or expense to him. When all was arranged for tho journey to London, she bade him an affeotionato fare well, and ho mado a hypocritioali Bhow of . parental affection. It did not deoeivo her. She felt that sho was an unloved ono. Tho Conqueror, an emigrant Bhip, lay in the Thamos, Sho was orowdod with passen gers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thousand milos, by tho ahorteat routo, lured by fabulous stories of the golden , wealth of Australia. Oarmeline had engaged a steerage passage, so that sho might at the ond of her voyage atill have aomo funds left to support her until she should obtain employment in tho far-off, unknown land. A strange mixture of people surrounded her— bad and good, with a predominaneo of the former. But 6he formed the acquaint anco of a quiet family, and associated with them exclusively during tho tedious voyage of four months. In spite of gnawing oaro, she felt a thrill of pleasure when at last tho land-breeze wafted to the ship the odorof spicyflowors. Soon a dear little land-bird lighted in tho rigging. Then, as night deepened, Cape Otway Light sent forth its cheering beams, like tho rays of the star of hope. That night Carmelino could not close her eyes. She sat on tho crowded daelt, watching tho constellations th blazed abovo her in all the beauty oi a south ern heaven. ' Tho next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevated coast ot Cape Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip Bay. Tho pilot came aboard, bringing files of Melbourne papers, which were distributed among tho passengers. Ono of thoso was read aloud by Mr. Jones, tho head of the family to which Carmelino had attached her self during the voyago. 'Abl'saidhe; ' hero's something. Two convicta shot in trying to oseapo. Serve 'cm right I' 'Where did this happen, sir ?' asked Oar meline. ' At Norfolk Island.' Norfolk Island 1 — tho place of his imprison ment 1 She forced herself to say : ' I suppose tho namea of theso unfortu nate men are not given, sir?' 'Unfortunate men,' my dear?' said Mr. Jonoa, ' I tell you they were convicts. No names ? Yes ; hore'a the namea in full — Isaac Thompson and Luko Vernon, the last a desperate character, tho paper Bays.' With an appalling shriek, the convict's wife fell to tho deck. Mr. Jonea applied the usual restoratives in cases of fainting. Tho .incident causod but a momentary Excitement on the crowded deck. ' Only a woman ' in a fit,' passed from mouth to mouth, and tho drinking, singing, and specu lating were rosumod aftor a minute'e in terval. 'Poor thing 1' whispered Mrs. Jones to her husband. ' Sho told mc her namo was Vernon. Maybe ono of them men was her husband.' _ . Oarmeline was long in ooming to horself, and then tho effort to appear calm almoBt killed her. But she asked to see tho paper after awhile, nnd, hiding her face with tho broad, sheet, read every word of the fatal nows. Tho two convicts were attempting to escapo in a boat ; the guard fired cij them, and the' sank. Bodies not recoverod. Dead 1 dead 1 IIe, whom she lovod. in spita oi his guilt, was dead, and she was alone in tho world, thirteen thousand miles from England 1 She did not shed n tear, and a freozing torper, liko that of dsotb, congsalcd her frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. 'Wa are going ashore now,' said the good woman. 'Mr. Jones has engaged a boat to tako ua to Liardet'a beach. Will you cdmo with us ?' _ . - 'Yes; certainly,' repliod Oarmeline, in a hurried, flighty way. 'Certainly, cer- ; tainly.' Aftor landing, tho Joneses insisted on her riding with them, in a cart they had engaged, to Melbourne. ' Thoy were going yet farthor, but Oarmeline stopped in^ tho. town. Sho engaged lodgings with a Scotchwoman, a Mrs. Murdookaon, who had been re oommended to her by tho captain of the Conqueror. The terma were frightfully nigh, yet low in comparison with thoso of other bonrding places. . ' You will haveauppcr, of oouree? _ said tho landlady, as oho allowed hor gueat into a miserable attio room. ' Only a cup of tea,' gasped Carmelino. 'Rest— rest 1 I want rest.' Sho laid aside her bonnet and shawl, thon lay down upon tho bod without undressing. The lanalady brought the tea, whioh was owalbwed ; then undressed and went to h8'Dead 1 dead I' alio k'ept murmuring, as she pressed her hands to her burning head. OHAPTElt XI. AUSTRALIA — IN THE BDSII. Carmelino awoke from a troubled sleep un refreshed, and with her awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agony sho folt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first oamo to her on Bhipboard. , For days sho moved on as in a dream — torpid, listless, despairing. _ At last came a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses were trying their fortune there, and they needed help in tho housekeeping. They offered Oarmeline bed, board and wages for her domestic services. ' She felt that ehe must go to work, not only to support herself, for hor money waB fast ebbing away, but that Bbo needed employ merit aB a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. Sho answered tho letter, ac cepting the offer, and announcing that she would go through with tho first conveyance that left Melbourne under esoort, for evil characters loitered about tho track of emi grants, and mora than one family had been plundered by bushrangers, so that it was not safe to venture on the track without the pro tection of the armed and counted police. In a few days .tho opportunity occurred, and she secured a place in a wagon belonging to ono Miko Mulligan, who, with his wife and two ohildren, were bound for the gold district. Whon Bbo had paid her faro and settled with hor landlady aho found she had left thirty pounds sterling. This waB none too muoh for a rosorvo fund in a country wliero a low days illness would absorb oven a larger amount. Oarmolino was very ill when bIio took loavo of Mrs. Murdoclcson, hor kind-hearted land lady, who urged hor to poatpeno her journey, but her feverish impationco to obtain aome thina liko a home in a Btrango land urged her forward. Tuu distance to bo travorsed was about eiglity miles, but as thoro wore bullock teams in the train, the progress of tho oaravan was necessarily slow ; moreover, the road in some places was deep and difficult, and tho omi grants could only hops to reach their desti nation in four or fivo diiya. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt-carts, (and heavy baggago wagons, somo of thom piled with household furnituro. Tho oscort consisted of a dozon well-mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in thoir belts, repeating oarbinoa slung at thoir baoka, and holmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, thoy encampcd and bivouackod in the open air. It was no ploasuro trip. At froquent inter vals the cmigranlB had to traverso swamps of atioky mud that clung to the wheels of tho wagons liko gluo. Thoy passed through forests savage aud dense. Somotimos thoy Baw traces of great bush-fires that had swept tho country with devouring flames, leaving here and thero groat tracts of dead, scorched trees, that loomed up in the night against tho starry sky liko ghastly skeletons. Sometimes a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it waa necessary either to hew it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by tho road-sido. 'In erosaing a tributary of the Yarra Eivor, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. His wagon broko down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. Ho vainly sought to procurc other animala to enable him to keep pace with tho train. Every liorso and ox in tho caravan had aa muoh , as, they could do already ; many of tho draught animala had broken down, and oil the aparo ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that could ba dono for tho un fortunate family was to tako them on in ono of the ba'g'gage wagons. But Mika and his wife could not abandon the cart. Ifcontained their little all. Nor would Oarmeline loavo them in their distress. Sho had conceived an affcciion for thoso poor honest people. Though they did not urge her, aho knew that thoy would be rejoiced to havo hor Gtay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian Bky? Somo oi the emigrants went to work and got Mike'd wagon out of tha bed of tho stream and drew it to a dry place by tha road-aide. 1 The horsea did not need to be hobbled ; thoy were too tired to stray. By the timo this job waa finished tho roar of tho column had disappeared over tlia brow of an adjoining hill. Tho good-naturod emigrants ^who had lingered behind shook hands with Mika and then atarted to regain t. Mike's wifo sat down on a rock and had a good cry ; while Gavmelinc played with the ohildren and Miko lit hia pipo. After this solaco tho man went to work,and succeeded in a few hours in repairing hia wagon. Bnt tha horses were still unfit for work, and night was coming on. Miko thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough under the canvaa oover of the cart, but ho expressed a childish fear of ' lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, ond all thim haythen animals that go roarin' round seckin' somebody to devour,' Oivmeline, who waa not ao ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that he;had nothing to fear -on .that account, for suoh dan gorous animals wcro unknown. * ' Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss,' was his reply. 'St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he camo to dhrivo tbim varmints out of ould Ireland into tha say.' Oarmeline took him aside. ' Mike,' she Baid, ' thero are those who arc more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles.' ' Ghosts and banshees, miss ?' 'No, no, Mike; but bad men— thieves, bushrangers. You will have to watch to night. Aro you armed ?' ' Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri oan aix-ahooter as money oan buy.'.' ' I hapo you will have no oooasion to use it. But I would make no fire. Wo can dispense with tea and coffee.' Following Carmelino's advice, the little party made a meal on cold meat and bread, * and then crept under the oover of the cort ond arranged themselves aa woll as they oould for the night — an anxious one, whioh passed, however, without incident. At dawn of day tho harsh screams of a hundred oookatoos, making a musio liko the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoko them. Other birds joined' in — magpies, leatherheada, and laughing jackaasea. Green, red, Bnd blue parrota flew. from branch to branch of the forest. Toll oranes Btalked along the banks of the river, or stood motion loss beside it. Miko had not passed a sleepless night. Poor fellow ! ho wbb tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, However, With tho opening of day his toil recommenced. The hordes, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of a short, sweet gras3, were in B good con dition. Th8 cart would hold together, pro vided thero wore no more bad places to cross. So they mado a hearty meal, harnessed tho team, and resumed their march. After a short distanoo the road became bordered by beoutiful flowers, and Carmelino alighted to pluck somo, telling the Mulligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orohisses, and a beautiful flower like tho star of Bsthlehem vrtiich aho had never seen bofore. Passionatoly fond of flowers— those moat delicate gifts of Heaven — tho young widow waB lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She loft the beaten track and Btruok into tho woods, attraoted by soma orimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. Sho. did not go far, however. When sho bad gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oc cupy the ohildren for hours in making bouqueta and coronals, aha' hurried back to wards the road, as sho thought. ' But it is easy to lose ona'a self in tho Aus tralian bush, and lost Bhe soon discovered that sho was. She cried aloud, straining her lungs to tho utmost. 'MfkelMikol' . Alas 1 only the disoordant ories of cocka toos and patroqueta answered her. ' ' Mike 1 Miko I' sho oried again and again, ond then stopped and listened. Thero was a rustling and crackling in tha buahes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered, clothes,^ look ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap pearance. Each of them carried a Btout stick in hia hand. . ' Can we do anything to servo you, mum?' asked one of them, ducking hia head with mock civility. She oontrollod her terror, and answered : . 'Ihaveloat my way, sir. If you guide me to tho road, you will earn my thanks.' ' When one gets lost in the bush,' said tho spokesman of the two, ' it's a maiter of life and death, Thanh is well cnou^i. 'But it'a worth money to find the trail again.' 'I'll pay you liberally, ' said Carmelino, incautiously. ' She'd got monoy,' said tho first rufliau to his companion.' Tho othor winked. ' Well, mum, I'm agreeable to aot as guide,' said tho man. 'Follow us, my oharmer. We kuow the bush. This way.' They broke a way for Carmelino through the denso undergrowth. But they led her audi a distanco that aho becamo alarmed; aho know the road oould not be so far off, and whon they had reached a beaten traok Bbo halted. 'Does not this path lead to tho taain road ?'' she aaked. - . . ' Yca'um. Turn to tho right and you will soon Btriko it,' answered the man aho had addressed. Wo'd go with you, but. mo and my pal haa retired from publio life aud never show omvolvea to our contemporaries.'' V I will now pay you for your services, 'said Carmelino. Yos'um. Tho regular fee for guidin' a hindividual out of tho bush is two pounds.' ? ' Two pounds!' . . , 'Tyopounda, mum, regular, But when a lady's in tho case, we doduoks half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, if j/pw.plcase.' ' Unfortunately all Carmeline's money 'was together, and aho had to -produce her little roll of notes. ' Seeing ia having I' shouted tho foremost ruffian, and he anatohed tha treasure out of her bond. ... Not hooding her piteous cry, the two villiona sprang into the bush. To turn to the right and fly along tho path with the apeod of the fawn was Carmelino's ' instant action. But to hefTiorror, atra turn of tho path tho ruffians again confronted her. 'H.iit 1' criod the inan who had done all the talking, brandishing his club. 'You aro our lawful prize.' Carmelino shrieked aloud for help, though' well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. ' 'Giv'o her a rap over the ltnowlodge-box,' said the second ruffian. ' All right,' repliod his comrade, and a terriblo blow laid her Bcnsolcss on tho ground. \- ' I swear, 'said tho assailant, as ho stooped to lift her, ' I believe I've killed her 1' ' Hark 1' cried his comrade, lifting a warn ing finger. ' Tha gallop of a horse I We're lost ! ' Tbo other villain dropped the lifeless girl, and, following tho lead of Ilia accomplice, plunged into the th'orny thickets, through which thoy writhed their way like serpents. It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape just before a Btout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his back, cams thundering up tho forct path. At sight of tho stunned and bleeding woman lie threw his liorao on his haunches by a pull at tbo powerful curb and flung him self from tha aaddle. The trained animal stood iiko a statue. . 'More of thesa villains' bloody work 1' said the horseman as he bent over Carroelinc. ' Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Ilc-r lite may yet bo saved.' He rau to a brook, dipped up soma water in the crown of hia soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of tho unfortunate woman. She muttered soma incoherent words, opened and shut hor oyes. ' ^ When ho raised her from tho ground, she struggled with him a moment, aud thon her muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, ho mounted, holding her in hia arms. an tenderly as if Ehe had been a sleeping infant, while at a word hia horse struck into a gentle cantor. Two or three miles of riding on tho velvet turf brought them to a olearing, and then passing through a gate in a stookado fencc, up a gentle slope, along an avenue of acaoiaa, to a rudo but oomfortablo farm-houso, with out-lying bnildingi scattered round. Tbera was an of freshness about c-verjthing, tlio house and fencings, whioh showed that it be longed to a recent aottlcr. A hearty old lady came to tho door to wel come him, but turned pale and hold up hsr hands when ehe beheld his strange burden— a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathod in blood. 'Mother,' said tho horseman, solemnly, 'behold your charge I' 'Who haa done this cruel thing?' a3ked the old lady, as she received Oarmeline into hor arms. - 'Who but the buBhrangerB? But those vermin shall be hunted from the face of the earth I' . CHAPTER XII. . two nmis. Whon Carmelino ones more opened her eyca to tho light of day and of reason, she found herself lying in a comfortable bed, round which mosquito curtains were carefully drawn, in a plainly furnished room. Tho sun waa up. Sho had overslept her seli. It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, she found herself unable to got cut of bed. Then aho glancad at her arms ; they were all wasted away. She passed her hand-! feebly over her face ; that, too, was thin and hollow. ' What has happened to mo ? Where am I ?' sho cried aloud in terror. 'You are safo, among friends,' said a kindly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedside. Carmsline passed her hand over her fore head. ' I remember,' she muttored, ''something terrible. I repicmber being attacked by bush- ? rangers in the forest. Who brought me hero ? How long havo I been here ? Is this placo Ballarat ?' ' My dear child, you must keep q-uiut. Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a eottle meut of shanties and tents. You aro in a farm-houso. My son found you, stunned and bleeding, nnd brought you here. This is my house. My name ia Mrs. Carter.' ' But ho -,v long have I been here ?' ''Three week a to-day.' 'And I have known nothing all that time I' ' You have bocn very ill, ond out of your head. But last night was the crijia of your illness. Tha doctor said that if you pa'ssed a quiet night and awoke rational, ho would guarantee your recovery.' ' My doar madamo, I owa you my life.' 'Youowo it to One who heard your ory for help nnd dirooted my aon to your rescue,' replied Mrs. Carter,' solemnly. ' But of this we -will speak hereafter— not now.. Tako this.' Tho good woman hold a cup to the pale lips of the sufferer, who drank tho oon tents. Then, sinking baolc on hor pillow, she closed hor oyea in a Blumber as sweet and peaceful as an infant's Dr. B9Vorley had judged the patient's ease rightly. From this day sho began to mend rapidly, arid in a week mora was able to leavo tho room and go about tho houso. Tho good wouibii who had takon such motherly care oilier wbb repaid for all her watching and nuroing when she saw ^ her charge seated iu an arm-obair at the window of the little parlor on the first floor, with a clear light in her beautiful eyes, a faint smilo on her lip3, and a faint tinga of rosc-.oolor on her velvet cheeks. ' v : ? 'My son will soon be hero to 'pay. his' respects to you,' sho said. 'Thoro is'liia stepl .1 Bhould know it among a thou sand.' - / Tha door opened ; a manly form entered. ' Carmelino ' Mr. Meredith 1' Such wero their mutual .exclamations. Yes, Carmelino waa beneath tho roof of her old lover. Ho, whom Bbo had rejected for a worthless rival, had naved her lifo in tho forest ; hia mother had saved her life in the farm- house. Merodith had not recognised her when he rescued hor, bccaueo her faq,e was then bathed with blood from her wound, and ho had not seen her from the ruoment . he bad given her into hia mother's ohargo' till now. The old lady was a second timo a -widow, henco her name, Carter, had pre vented tho invalid gueflBing at tlio truth. Both' woro greatly agitated, and it was some timo before thoy oould apeak calmly. Meredith notioed tho blaok ribbpna on Carmeline's dress — sho had not liad an op portunity of providing a full suit of mourn ing — and said : 11 You have loat a friend ?' ' My husband,' she said averting hor face. ' Poor thing 1 So young to bo a widow I' said Mra. Carter. .' Carmelino glanced up at Meredith. It was an ' appealing look, and ho understood it. She did not wish to reveal her painful story. 1 to gave her to understand by a rapid go,ature that he comprehended hor aud would respoot her wishes. . ' How strange that you Bhould havo known Mra.— I mean this lady,' said MrB. Carter. ' I beg your pardon, but you know I nover asked your namo, my dear.'- ' Vernon,' said Carmelino, casting down her eyes. -- \- ' Yea, I was acquainted with Mrs. Vernon in England,', said Meredith ; ' and I . am vory happy to havo been of service to her. But now you must oxouso me, madam,' ha added, oddteasing Oarmeline. ' I lead a very busy life, and I have a thousand matters to attend to.' . vl-Iad ho remained another moment in the room ho would- havo betrayed himself. He had need of being alone to commune with his own thoughtB. Carmelino beneath his roof, and a widow I Mra. Carter was untiring in tha praiso of her son. The good lady had now seonred a listener, and oho ran on for an hour on her favorite theme. Sho told how encccBsfui Mark had b3cn, how lucky ho had been at the gold diggings, how fortunate in hie laud .speculations, how well his cattle had turned out. Ho wa3 always a good son, she said, and- an tnuesfc, steady man, Bnd Provideneo had blessed him beyond hia wildest hopos. Carmelino listened with mingled pleasure and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's success, but alio regretted that sho was'a temporary inmato of'hii house. Had it been a ctran ger's, alio would have been glad to remoin iri his employ contented with retirement and hnrd work. ? Bat her former relations with the master, forbade her continuing in hia family. Sho resolved, so aoon as she had gained a little atrongth, to leave Merodith'a Hope, aa ho had prettily named hia settle ment, and to seek othor Dboltcr. In tho meantime sho communicated with the Joneses, announcing her safety and her in tention of joining thom at Ballarat as Eoon a3 possible, requesting them to advance her a small Eumof money— for sho was now penni less—to pay hor travelling expenses. The letter remained unanswered. ' During the delay aho madq herself useful about tha house, and ao ondearad herself to Mrs. Carter, by her resignation, industry, and dexterity, that tha old lady camo to love her liko o child. Of bourse Carmelino waa thrown continually into tha society of Mark, who was always courteous, but grava and unim pa^sioned. It was evident that tho old lovo hud died out ; aa for herself, her own heart, as aha thought, waa dead within her. At last tho long- expected letter from the Jonesea reached her, having on enclosure of money. They wero pleased at tho prospect of her joining thom. She communicated the intelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced hor purposo of leaving Meredith's Hope for U.tllarat at once. Mrs. Carter was thunderatrnck. \- ' Why, my dear, I never dreamed of you leaving us 1' Bha said, and the old lady bogan to cry. 'I am tired of eating tho broad of idle ness,' said Carmelino. 'Idleness I Don't talk suoh stuff aa that. Monoy couldn't pay for the help you'vo been to me. And then, I thought you'd begun to iiko me a little.' 'Like you a little I You have been a mother to me. From tha first moment I opened my eyes on' your dear face, my heart wont but to you. Dear, dear Mra Carter, I loved you,' and poor Oarmeline burst into teara. , , , ' Then why won't you stay and comfort tho old ludy ? What are theaa JoneBea to you 1 Aro they relativea ?'. ' 'They were very kind to me on the voyage.' ? ' And haven't I been ? But thia will be now3 for my Eon ; I must toll him of it.' ?i Say then, dear madam, that my resolu tion is irrevocable.' , The old lady bustled out of tha room and did not return to it. In a fow momonta the door opened aud Mark Meredith atood beside her. He waa oven graver than usual. ' »' My mother tells me, Mra. Vernon, that vou have deoided to leave us,' and is almost broken-hearted about it. I had hoped that you would remain as her eompanion, and that wo had succeeded in making you com fortable here.' ' ' Mr. Meredith,' answered- Oarmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, ' the most tranquil and comfortablo days of my lifo have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owe you more than shelter, I owe you my life, and when I am far away from here, night rind morning will I pray on bended knees that the choicest blessings of heaven descend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope.' ' Meredith's Hope I Meredith's Desola tion, rather, when you hava left us 1' cried Mark. All hia Btoicism vanished. ' Carme lino 1 Oarmeline! you aro the orueleut of v/omen. Do you think a man who onca lovea can over forget? Do you think I oan forget the poor little .barefooted girl who tended aheep on Overton Common 1 Do you think I oan forgot the beautiful woman who touched my heart as no woman ever did before or over oan again? You could not lovo me then, but I did think that tha bitter experienea of lifo had changed your heart. Was it not Providence that reunited ua after a long separation ? — I atill adoring, you onoe moro f reo to liaten to me 1 Oarmeline, while you were another's I conld still tho beatings of my heart, could find in toil on anodyne to agony, but no w I now 1 there is nothing bids me be silent, nothing bida me refrain from declaring my undying lovo. Oarmeline I Oarmeline ! Again I asli you to be my wifo.' ' I am penniless, and you are rioh.' 'Had I all tho gold in Australia, I should bo poor without your lova ; with it in poverty I should be wealthy.', Oarm?lina pressed hor hand to her heart, and leaned againBt the window-frame for support. ? Meredith sprang to her side ; ho .took her hand ; ha drew her to him ; her head dropped on hia shoulder. Hiding hor faoo, Bho fal tered out : ' Oh, Mark, I love yon I How I lovo youl' Then, by a sudden transition, aho pushed him oway from her, raised her head, dried her streaming eyes, and. then said: 'Yes, Mark, I lova you— lovo you dearly— so dearly that I oan nevor be your wife.' Mark Meredith fell from rapture to des pair. ' Why— why.?' ho asked, in a tone of the bitterest agony. ' Because 1 am a convict's widow.' ' Will you. permit your misfortuno to stand in tho way of my happiness ?' asked Meredith. 'Hear me, Mark,' said Oarmeline, and she now spoko quite calmly; 'I have asked you to conceal my story from jour mother; and you hdvo dona bo. Now goto har and tell her all.' . ' Da not ask me to do that.' - ' You sea that l .was right. But if you do not .tell her, I will.' Mark, liston to. your mother; she- will tell you that I know my duty; Bho will console you when we aro parted forever.'-, „ ' continued.) 