the contributor. NOTES NOW AND THEN. BxJ. M. A DATS RIDE. Knowing nothing about horses, it is only natural that 1 should consider no day's out ing complete without a ride. The straps and buckles and manifold fastenings of a horse's trappings are to this hour a mystery to me, and though I have on several occasions made surreptitioos attempts to attach one to a buggy, or to saddle one for equestrian exer cise, I have never yet achieved'success. The affinity between the horse and me is a subtle one, and is perhaps an instinct inherited from some ancestor who was a mighty hunter, or a charioteer, or a circns rider, or something else that is " horsey." As it is I cannot help regarding the impulse as an evil genius that lures me into positions of danger and makes me the object of ridicule and sarcasm, know bitterly also that horses despise me and rightly look upon me as an impostor, who bumps on the saddle, and clutches the mauc, and loses his stirrups as no genuine rider ever could or did. In a world, however, where everything is ordered for the best, I feel that my very failings may prove usefuL I take comfort accordingly from the thought that I may be unconsciously the " shocking example" which deters others from following in my footsteps, or the humble instrument created to develope in the horse feelings of compassion, and tolerance, and " sweet reasonableness" towards men who cannot ride. My uflliction is thus made lighter, and 1 bear my burden with patience, though 1 know lull well that:— " Tliis cross upon the line ot life Portcndcth struggle, toil, and, strife. And through a region with dangers rife." The last occasion on which I yielded to iny weakness was on a March morning, when earth and sky were dreaming in the calm of one of those serene autumn days which make us glad that the fierce summer time has gone, and 6ad with their hints ot decay, and of the passing of another year. 1 started from lleale8ville at 9 o'clock with a com panion for a ride to Mount St Leonard, the tallest of a family which includes such brethren as Kiddell, Juliet, and Monda. The ranges as Been from Melbourne are so foreshortened that they nppear like a bine wall against the eastern sky, and the three last-named lose their individuality, and become merged in the sweeping line which extends iroin the Dandenong to the Plenty ranges. St Leonard, however, has escaped the fate of his rivals, and his conical crown i is easily seen from the city cither as the sun : rise Hushes it with purple and gold, or as it looms pale and cloud-like in the eastern sky when twilight shudowB are falling, ltumours had come to me of a splitters' settlement hidden away in the forest which clothes the ; mountain from foot to crown, and the scenery was described as something to be remembered for a life time by those privileged to behold it The settle ment, 1 was informed, had existed for a long time unknown to the world—a little republic cut off from the rest of mankind as com pletely as if it had been caught up into the moon. Its existence was discovered by a be lated traveller who found that his enter tainers were a party of wood eplitters, who, when their occupation was gone in the Whittlesca district, had come across the mountains and settled there without permis sion asked or received. There was in truth nobody to ask and no one to question, for though the place is not o/tuiies ironi--Mel bourne as the crow flics it is n wilderness of forest and mountain hardly trodden by the foot of man from one year's end to the other. Traces of liumnn habitation, hints that man had preceded them, there were none—they were apparently as completely monarchs of all they surveyed as was Robinson Crusoe on his lonely island After the castaway saw the print of the foot on the sand the end of liis solitary reign was at hand, however, and so the appearance of the belated one proved the downfall of the tiny mountain republic—as an independent state. After his departure its secret was re vealed, and Constable Tevlin, appearing on the6ceneas the representative of law and order, by the prosaic ceremony of issuing splitters' licences annexed it to the other portions of the realm through which the Cueen's writ mns. And 60 the Arcadia ceased to be,and became part of the common place world, to the sorrow of travellers like myself, who long in their journeys to escape from their everyday life, "And shake to all the liberal air, The dust and din and steam oi town." The rumours were true in the main, and as we cantered along the Yarra Flata road we promised ourselves much pleasure from our visit to the lonely settlement nest ling in the heart of the silent hills. My companion had been in the army, and was an accomplished horseman, and I thanked him inly for the consideration he showed for [ny equestrian infirmities and short comings. His horse, it is true, was a hired one, and had a bad habit of stumbling without warn ing, and justly corned the title which be gave him—" An old crock "—bnt from the ease with which he managed him I felt that he could have " larked " over fences and fallen logs if I had been willing to join in the Bport. My beast was a calm, phlegmatic mare, whose back was as safe ana comfort able a seat as an easy-chair, but she bad the Harming peculiarity of stopping suddenly in humbled and apologetic, and I became more and more conscious that the distance between myself and my companion, as horse men, was immeasurable. 1'°llpwing the Yarra Flats road we crossed 'be \\\ atts, and about a mile below Ileales milc turned up Qali's-lane, where the bullock «sck whichIcodstoMountSt. Leonard begins, in the old days, when Wood's Point was in its Hory, a coacli used to run on this track Jetween Melbourne and the Cham, a little latnlet in the heart of the hills. From tbe -bum to the journey's end packhorses were -mpioyed, for road over the ranges there was mine. But the Chum and the coach- and ;,9 .lusty passengers, and the packhorses and tueir packs, have long been mere phantoms ihe post; the bills have resumed their "lent watch as if they had never echoed speech or laughter, and the forest baa Vuu. up the traces of man's footsteps as & i,?9? "ever known his presence. Leaving null s-lane, we ascended Hare's-hill through '°«»t country of messmate, stringy bark, ^,1: wood, and neppermiut, with -an ttnder W1 S£ • ti-fee and hasel scrub, or * Now and titan a wagtail or a . the place wm silent, andbcreftof animal life; and as its spell came upon ua we felt tnatwewerc aliens, and the tones of our voices seemed Btrangely harsh and out of tune. We drew rein at the summit, in a belt of gum scrub, and, although only about four miles from Healesville, we were m a world Irom which all traces of man had vanished. Below ub lay a deep valley, walled in by the Wild Dog Range, to the south and by (he Rftnge to the north. In the background bt. Leonard and Monda towered above the lower ranges. Mountains and valley were densely wooded, and, looking down as we did,' the green of the leaves seemed strangely vivid and fresh. This phenomenon was: caused by the predominance of fresh leaves 1 and young shoots on the topmost branches. The blue eky overhead was unstained by neck or _ cloud, there was not a breath of wind to stir leaf or branch, no bud or animal moved in the covert, and in the utter 6ilence which reigned over all things the crunch of our horses' teeth as they nibbled the herbage be came quite a loud noiBe. A thin wreath of smoke rising up against the hank of the Chum Range told where a Bmall bushfire was smouldering, but smoke of camp-fire or house-hearth, or sign of human habitation there was none to be Been. The Chum Creek, where it joins the Watts, is quite a re spectable brook, and in its quiet pools lurk many a plump eel and blackfiah. But up here, in Bajdwin's Cully, it is simply a narrow rift in the soil, overgrown by dense scrnb, and its scant stream creeps on its way in silence and in darkness, save when heavy rains (ill tbe pipelike channel. We dis mounted, and my companion jumping across the rift essayed to pull his horse after him. i And here the disaster which spoiled all our plans happened, for the " old crock" [here it became an old crock with "ft big, big D"] in trying to leap after him slipped into the creek, and despite all our efforts stuck fast and re fused to budge. The cleft was deep, and only his head and the top of his back were visible, but it was so narrow that lie could not lift either fore or hind leg to Bcale the bank. We tried to lead him down stream, but tbe chasm only became deeper and the overgrowth denser and darker. So after a time we sat down and cursed him, and sought consolation from our whisky flasks. In spired by " Old Highland," we tried to lift him -by sheer force out of the slough of despond into which lie had plunged himself and as, bat oar efforts only made him churn the water into mud, and caused him to stick the faster and sink the deeper. Then we timed ourselves—one—two—three—and there rose from earth to sky a mighty " coo-ee," which startled the echoes and went on a round of visits from hill to hill, till it died away over the furthest boss of the Wild Dog Range. To onr joy it is answered by another, and, like a Dem <x machtna, Constable Teviin appears upon the scene 011 horseback, and cheers us with the remark. " You'll have to dig him out; there's no help for it" The constable turns out to be the mildest-man nered and most obliging man that ever wore blue, for not only does he canter home for a spade and a pick, but he does the lion's share of the digging out When he left us to get the spade my companion abandoned himself to gloomy views of the situation. I, who bad been lost tor a day and a night on Monnt Juliet, regarded matters much less seriously, and endeavoured to console and re-nssure him. lie seemed, however, to delight in harrowing his soul by picturing all manner of dreadful things, and, rcfusingto be comforted, be groaned torth—" It's my opinion he'll never find us again in tins thick scrub, and our bones'll be found bleaching beside this scrubber in the ditch here." But it was astonishing how a cigar and another pull at the " Old Highland " modified his views, for, before onr deliverer reappeared, we had calmly discussed the New Guinea question and jovially 6ung " We Are Gentlemen of Japan," and had commenced what promised to be a heated .debate on religious education in state schools. I should,"ihermotv; str^gly recommend even my teetotal readers who meditate a journey into the bush to take a cigar and some good whisky with them—for medicinal purposes. Constable Tevlin's beat is somewhat larger than that of the town police, for it bos a radius of over 50 miles. When " on duty" he does not walk with massive dignity over asphalt pavement, like his town congener, bnc makes toilsome journeys over hill and dale, and through scrub tr&ckless; to all save deft bushmeu like himself. Luckily, he happens to be " on patrol" to-day, and, as it is now past noon, we give up the idea of reaching Mount £t. Leonard, and attach ourselves loyally to our deliverer, l'icking up the track again, we start up the Cham Valley, and find peering over the Wild Dog Range, the Juliet and Riddell peaks. In another gully we strike the Digger's Creek, a clear brown stream which murmurs pleasantly under the woodland shadows. Here the bark of a dog greets us, and the tinkle of a bullock bell is heard, and presently we come upon a mia-mia and a tent,' and a camp tire with a billy of I tea simmering on it, and a young fellow stolidly smoking with his back against a dray wheel. He asks us to hare some tea, and says that lie has lost his "off-side poler, and can't get on without liiui." lie has the Sale face of one who seldom sees the sun; ut there is strength and endurance in his tall wiry frame, and he proves communica tive and pleasant spoken. IVe gather from him that he and bis father are the 6ole links which connect the mountain settle ment, for which wc had started that morn ing, with the onteide world. In their bullock dray the shingles and palings of the splitters are conveyed to UeolesriJIe, and the return journey brings with it the groceries, provisions, and other necessaries for the little community. The distance from the " Landing Place," as it is called, to Heales ville is only nine miles, but the journey there and back takes two days to accomplish, for bullocks travel slowly and the forest hack is rough and difficult The waggon against which the yonth was leaning held 1,550 palings, and, as the cartage is 3s. per 100, the earniugs of the trip were 46a. (kl. The price of palings at the tree stump is 4i. per 100 for 5ft lengths and 6a for 6ib, and when landed in Uealesville the values are respectively 14a and 18a Gd.'per 100. The splitters earn from £2 t> £3 per week, according to diligence and ability, and, as they have no rent to pay and few opportunities of spending, they ought to be in a fairly prosperous condition. Thanking the lad for his information, and declining bis invitation to tea with thanks, we pushed further up the stream, ana camped for. lunch where it is crossed by a fallen gum tree. The waters in their gravelly bed made pleasant music for us, and our camp was shadowed by two giant white gums. The air was perfumed by the balsamic odoura of the forest, and* our retreat was circled by a green wall, in which were blended the leaves of .messmate, peppermint silver wattle^ and fern. After lunch we led our horses up the steep if'Phereon Range, which runs from the Yarra to the YeaRiver, and is. like most of the creeks and hills here, named after aneighbouringeelector. The incidents of the chmbwere tbpat^rting of p wallaby, which, after viewing us dubiously for a tpoment, dis appeared fn a thicket, ana the appearance of the gras9 tree, which, with its palm-like tufts of pendant leaveB, is seen by me for the first time in its natural'habitat. The ascent being difficult the agile constable was ever in the van, and my companion began to doubt whether there was mnch wisdom in climbing a hill simply to get down again, ana to assert that life was too short for sach fooling. But after we gained the summit and beheld the view, and felt the fresh air on our cheeks after the panting scramble tbrongh the sultry scrub, we felt that our labour had not been in vain. The scene was, indeed, a Btriking one, and would have touched the dullest soul with some hint of its wonder and its beauty. Far as the eye could reach to the west tier of hills rose behind tier, till we could count thirteen distinct lines between as and the horizon. On our right, to the north, was a shoulder of the Great Dividing Range, which dips in a westerly direction down to the Gap," through which the waters of the Muddy Creek or Yea River run to mingle with those of the Gonlbnrn and the Murray. The undulating line, where it fades away in the north-east, carries the eye to the Plenty Ranges, and thence the outer circle merges in the heights called the Christmas Hills. The Garden-hill, at Kan garoo-ground, with its gronp of tall gums, then appears, and behind it, like a faint cloud, are seen the remote You Yangs Mountains. Down in the plain is the vaRj ot the Yarra, and yonder to the south smoke from the Lilydale limekilns givei"" character to the landscape because it is r only stain on the bine of the sky. The sc^ turquoise atf. was a glorious harmony of sapphire and purple and green, and, as i"ej looked at it lying at our feet, earth and ith were so motionless and so silent that it v difficult to realise that we were not looki's, at a beautiful picture, limned by the cunnpr> hand of a master. The afternoon sun was nesting the west mountains when we started for the rctjhn journey, nnd the twilight had fallen when came back to the lights of Healesville. «ial had not gained the goal for which we star^D., but, thanks to the worthy constable, wot enjoyed a day's ride which will alway^0"11 remembered by one of ns at least with r sure. Though foiled for the present inR® ° search for the splitters' mountain laacond I am not daunted, and I mean to retur the quest anon. And meanwhile, if in ^e>8 ing about these hills I have given any oialph readers a desire to visit tbem and Cuke, under the spell of their silence and »rln®> loneliness, 1 have not written in vain. TaQ.°" . . , ,, una, A region of repose it teems, Arm A place ol slumber and of dreams, cards, l!emote among the wooded bills 1" ^ 