AUSTRALIAN TALES AND ADVENTURES. 'JV1 Y H E R 0.' in noDT. p. wiiiTwonin. ' Tell you a Btory boys,' said old Jaok Hall one fine moonlight night, as wo eat smoking outside the shearing shed on old Wilson's station on tho Wimmera. ' Oh, yes, I'll tell you a Btory. You' boo that black boy I've got following me round. Why. ho's the Bmartost boy with horses this side of the Maneroo, and that's saying a good doal; and what's more, the yonng beggar's kind with 'em, whioh, for ono of his breed, is somewhat singular. However, that's neither here nor there, and has nothing, though ho himself has, to do with my yarn. A good many years since, fourteen or fifteen maybe, I was timber getting in tho Richmond River district up on the north ooast of New South Wales, and we'd struok a rich piece of cedar brush on Emigrant Creek, a goodish sized stream on the north Bide of the river, and about thirty milos from the sea. It was Bummer, about the middle of Janu ary I think, and it was hot, oh, so hot. Down here you've no idea of the heat on those swamps ; the heat, that terrible moist heat, that brings up a kind of thick dense over powering mist from the low lying country round, a country whioh is ono big lagoon in tho wet season, and a damp, dank, evilsmoll ing morass in the dry, tho very hot-bed ol fever and shivering ague, to say nothing of rheumatic3 ; and then the mosquitoes — phew 1 — nothing liko 'em I evor saw, unless it was at Hexham, opposite Ash Island, on the Huntor Biver, where they call 'em gallinippers, and a very up^jEupiiutu uamu tuuj a huub, for in tho way of gallying you, ana nipping you, they are torrors, and no mistake. We were a party of Bix, we'd been at work in' tho neighbourhood for about four months, and had got as 'fino a' lot' of first-class timber stacked as you could wish \ for, and were beginning to think of rafting it down to Ballina, where it conld be Bhipped by the Bohooners and other craft in tho timber-trade for Sydney or where not else. The stuff was stacked on the river- side, near tho oamp, whioh was in a little flat under the riso of a sloping hill covered with tea tree scrub and thiok undergrowth. Oh, it waB hot, hot, hot. The very air was quivering with tho heat, and the little westerly wind'that we had was blowing from the plains beyond the ranges, as if it had been tho breath out of a fiery furnace. Wo oould not work, wo didn't try to, wo lay in such shadow as we oould find, smoking, and wishing for the decline of the sun that shone above us in tho heavens liko a huge red burning ball. The silly birds had sought tho oovert of such leafago as they could find, tho iguanas had sheltered themselves under the grey sandstone rocks, the very cicadas in the trees were too weary to keep up their chirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. Our camp consisted of a elab and bark men's hut, and another smaller hut HEed as a sleeping place and kind of offico by the bos3. It was on -a littlo back-water of the creek, which was about a quarter of a mile away, and wo had cleared a belt of maybe twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this wae grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flamo up liko tinder if von Rave if the chance. The spot had boon a blacktellow's camp, but the niggers had shifted away a milo or two when wo oame, to some sorub on the other Bido of tho hill. We had had a little trouble with the beggars at first, for they wero awful thieves, but the boss was not a man to stand much nonsense, and a few smart larruppings had taught them that the '.white fellow' and biB belongings wore beBt left alone. There had been heavy bush-fires In the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Clarence, and at night the wholo side of tho range for miles used to glow like a vast wall of lurid flame against the black pall of thick smoke that rose from the burning bush beyond. Still we. felt safe enough, for the wido and deep Richmond river and swamps lay between us and the fire, and we wero well sheltered from tho strong westerly winda by the ranges themselves. It was ono afternoon, about two o'clock, when Sandfly — so we called a half-oaeto boy we had with us — oamo to me, as I lay on a benoh in the shade of a hut, half-asleep, and rousing me up, said in hurried and frightened accents : \- ' You, Jack Hall, mako a light, big one fire sit down 'tother side along o' hill, murry ' quiok that fella come, my word.' That woko me up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a start, I looked in the direotion be indicated. There it was, sure enough. ' Itising from the other side of the Blight eminence which shut us in on the west, was a dense volume of dark smoke which told its own tale, too surely. - The fire, by eomo means, had taken possession of the dried up open bush, and, impelled by the light hot wind, waB coming rapidly in our direction. ?'The rest of our party, Jim Stack, Curly, Dutch Fred, and Tom Bowman were in tho hut, endeavouring to forget tho trying heat in an engrossing game of Euohre. The boss had gone away the day before to look after another party higher up the river, between us and Mount Leslie, and was oxpected baok that afternoon. In less time than it takes to tell, the boys were out, the Blip panels were down, and the bullooks and horses, smelling the acrid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their natural instinct, stampeded for the lower swamps, where they knew they wero safe. Fight fire with fire. That is tho only way to fight fire. We all of us, as old bUBhmen, know that well enough, and therefore pre pared to meet the foe that would soon sweep down on us, by burning off the crisp dried grace in our belt of clearing, and boating it out on the inner Bide of the ring with bran6b.es of the greenest brushwood we oould find, for it the fire onoe caught the parched bush inside, not only our oamp, but the piles of timber, the proceeds of our four months labor, worth a couple of thousand pounds or so, would be swept away liko matchwood.and we, even it we escaped with our lives, should have to take shelter in the mosquito infected swamps. Even as we were spreading ourselves to moot the fire along oar western boundary, we saw the boss, spurring as it for dear life, top tho /ridgo on his sweat lathered mare, and, totally regardless of traoks, or of rocks or fallen timber, riding towards ns at a break neck pace. 11 Good lads,' ho Bhoutod, as ho threw him self from his rooking animal, and saw us ready for the ooming Btruggle, 'goad lads. I've had a tough job to head tho flames. The black beggars out yonder havo fired tho ecrub, confound 'em, and in a fow minutes tho wholo of this side of the country will be in a blaze. Cattle in the swamps ? Good. Now thon, threo this way, thrco that. Keep it back all you oan, and stamp it out as you to.' Aa ho spoke, tho smoko oamo rolling in hoavy clouds on tho top of the rise, envelop- . ing us in its thiok acrid folds, and tho crackle of the burning shrubbery and tho rumblo o! the devouring flames sounded louder and Dearer every instant. Already scores pf kangaroo and wallaby -blundered past us in mad torror liko grey ehadown, and thousand*) of oookatoos and other birds flaw screaming overhead, or droppsd suffocated by the smoke. Already the fiery tongues of fliinn could bo seen shooting upward among the tall timber beyond tho ridga, and we, blackened, bo grimed, singed, parohed with thirst, and dripping with perspiration, stood ready to meet the onset of the enemy, at his nearest attacking point. iWa had tired our safety belt, and stood, wa and our property, within a ring fence as it were, of blaokened ashes, comparatively safe. Tho flat beyond ns was almost devoid of timber, and tho underbrush was very sparse, so that, beyond a few clumpi of ti-trcca nud mimOoii, close to the outer edge of out ring, it had not takon fire, and our energies wero now directed to spreading tho thmc3 i:i that direotion, eo as to meet the approaching con flagration. Tho sky, or rather tho smoke rack over head, was of a dull lurid hue, and the roar of the flames was appalling. Next me, and working like one possessed, - was Tom Bowman', one of tho biggcist rips in the whole country side. Loud-mbuthcd, blasphemous, drunken, profligate Tom Bow man, whose name was a synonym for all' that was blackguardly and disreputable. Wo cedar cutters wore, as you may readily im agine, none of ns particularly respeclnblo as the word is generally understood, but even we, the worst of us, conceded tho proud pre eminco in wickedness to Tom Bowman. Ho was, in fact, what is commonly known as ' a hard case.' Of his antecedents wo knew no thing, save that ho had at one time been second mate of a collier, and, to tell tho truth, nobody oared muoh to ask, for although not exactly of a quarrelsome' disposition, with him it was a word and a blow, and, as tho ' saying goes, tho blow frequently came first. As I said, we wero busy firing the outly ing scrub, Tom n;xt to me, and had al ready got a narrow bait of it into a blaze, when- a sudden ejaculation from Tom caused me to look where he pointed. On the very crown of tho ridga, blinded by the smobo and dazed by the infernal din be hind her, was a black gin, bearing a burddn (we could not see what) in her arms, and staggering onward over the broken ground down the Bido of the hill.. Terror lent her strength, but even that could not cope with tho pitiless, fop in her rear. With a' swish and a roar, tho fioree flames swept over tho ridge, licking up the scant herbage and the dried up brushwood, and runnuifr'lika_ fiery serpcntB up^the trees that stood ia their on ward path. Fast as the poor creature flew, they flejv faster, and, with groans of oora miseration, we saw that in a few moment] she must fall a victim to their resistltsa powar. I saw Tom olenoh his hands. I saw. his lips quiver nervously, his eyas glisten with a mar vellous light, and the next instant, with an oath bo terrible that I don't liko to repeat it, he shouted : 'I oan't stand this, to see a woman roasted before .my eyes, and not raise a hand _ to try to save her. No, not Tom Bowman.' And, ' with a leap like that of a deer, he dashed through the burning bush, and darted forward to meet her. Wo Baw his intent. It was to reaoh hor ore the firo overtook her, and, if he could, either carry or drag her within tho burnt up spaco. ,.; But it was not to be. He wainot a dozen yards from' her when, Winded, suffocated, ex hausted, sho Btaggered, recovered hersolf bub for an instant, tottered, fell, even on tho very edge of the charred and smouldering ring, and tho next instant the flamos had lapped her in their fiery tongues. Wo, that is, tho boss, myself, and Dutoh Fred, had. followed Tom in his mad race. VVnen we reaohed him, the fire had parted, and he stood pensively gazing downward at the poor ereaturo whoBe lifo ho had etrivon bo hard and so nobly to preserve. Blaokened with smoke and begrimed with the falling flakes of charred wood and leaves, scarred and blistered by the fervent . boat, Mb hair, beard, and eyebrows singed off, his clothing burnt and torn to rags, and his very boots shrivelled on his feet, he stooi. silent, sorrowful. At last he epoke. ' MateB,' he Boid— and it was in a won derfully soft, sad voice, and almost apolo getically—'1 I dono what I. could. I triod to eavo the poor thing, but I oouldn't. I done what I oould.' She lay, faao downward', partly onveloped in a shrivelled up 'poeeum lug, and silently wo taraed hor over to look at her face. She was quite young— not moro than eighteon, ' and, clasped to ner bosom with a convulsive clutch, was a bundle wrapped in a pieco of old blanket. ' By thunder I ' ejaoulatod Tom, ' it's a ' babby sho has. Blame mo, if it ain't a pic caninny.' It was even so. The hapleBa girl had evidently been absent from tho camp when tho blacks had set tho bush alight, had been surprised by the firo, and had fled before it. And, when unable to go further, and over taken by the flames, she had covered up the little one with her body, and bo saved its ' life. . Somo folks soy that blacks have no bouI3. I don't beliovo it. Others say they havo no feelings or natural offjotion. I don't boliovo that oither. Hero, at all events, wag a proof of maternal love, and of maternal instinct,-' strong in doatb. Had sho sacrificed hor ohild to her own safety, had sho thrown it down in her mad race for life, tho chances arc that Bho would have reached our haven of refuge. But no, sho loved her baby boy ! with tho unspoakablo depth of a mother's love, and she had given her lifo for his. We buried her whore Bhe lay, and Tom adopted tho baby. 'Mates,' ho said, in a husky voice, 'I .tried my best to save tho mothor, and failed. I'll take the kid, and do the fair thing by him.' ' ^ And ha aid. Ho kept him till ho aied, threo years since. Gored by a wild cow he was, out Mudgeo way. I was mates with him at the time. He left tho youngster to me.and I've had him ever since. That's my story. And I say this, that Tom Bowman, standing thero over that poor girl as he did ; scorched, blaokened, bleeding, ? blistered, was a true hero. At any rate, he ttna mv horn TVini- T^tvi T)»™4« .._.„„; ? ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fighting Tom. In the blaok list against him there will bo at least one big, white, Bhining mark, ? for we are told in the good Book what One, whoso namo I don't oare to mention in a yarn; said ot a certain big Binner ; and tho same may be said ot Tom—' Ho dono what he oould.' Education ia often valued, not for itsplf, i but merely as a stepping- Btone to wealth,. Wo give it to. tho young, and they tako it n3t ' so muoh that thoy may become through it better, nobler, happier, and more useful men and women, as they may gain the power of risiDg from a lower to a higher station, from poverty to medjoority, or from modioority to ' wealth. Thus the education that fits them only to adorn a humble.position happily and contentedly, instead of cultivating ambitious ' longings, that cherishes health and strength of body and fills the mind with resources foe its own activity and power for its own development, without any direot reforenoe to amassing a fortuno, is too often negleotod for narrower and shallower instruction. Is not tho mind more than the purso? Shall wo sell the one to fill the other;, or shall we ratbor spend freely of our gold to build np tho intel lcot. to oultivate the. taate, to fortify tho prinoipltB? ' cs . - ', -490- ??? .:. ??;.?.':? -. 