CA MELIN E: THE CONVICT'S BRIDE. -o A ROMANCE OF ENCLAND AND AUSTRALIA. FOUNDED ON FACT. -0 By FBRANCIS A. DITRIPAGE, AL'00or OP "The Brother's. Srret," "A lost Ife," "Fonle!roey," Ac. CIIrATEIIR (Continued.) "Poverty. I have a long journey to make ..-voyage of months-and it rcquires money, hundred pounds." "Then you'll have to give it up,- said ilson. " 'Where are the hundred pounds to come trom I" "I ask you for it, I beg it of you, to save your child's life. I muet go to Australia. I nat be near my husband., It is the last hor I will ever ask of you. I will never .e to you for another penny, for another aMrel of bread. Do this and be rid of me feor. Alas I alasl I know now that you resrloved me." "And why should I love you ?" "You ask why a father should love his c1t. child f" "Ton are not my ohild." "Not your child I" ?No. And it your own father caste you o;why should you expect that I could be o ?weet on you " -" Crrmeline saw that be had been drinking doply, and was uncertain how much truth tee ooas in what he said. But he went on in the same strain. "Your father might shell out the needful, hilt it not very likely." "01 whom are you epeakina, air - . "Of his grace, the Earl of Elwood." Carmeline was certain now that her sup. pod father did not know what he was say ig, He kept chuckling and laughing, and openting: ".y, sy, the Earl of Elwood, the Earl of Elwood. A peer of the realm-holds -his has as high as a prince of the blood.royal. Would't acknowledge a poor devil of an innkeeper as his brother-in-law, not he. If I could only prove-but no matter I He e.Olled out pretty liberally though." "Whst are you saying about the Earl of Elwood, sir 2" "Nothing, nothing. Go to bed; don't lkthir me to-night. A hundred poundsl Pohawl a mere trifle. Of course 'rvegot 'em lying round loose, tied up in an old tockino. or something. I'm rich, by Jnpi te! Ol conure you shall have the hundred pounds! I think I see myself giving 'em to youl Goto bed, go to bed.". Csrmeline did go to bed with a heavyheart, IThe Et day she again sought the innkeeper or he had time to becloud his faculties. "Sir," she said, " last night you told me a strage story." "I can't remember the day after what I sidovernight." "Do you remember me asking you for a hundred pounds 1" SSomething of the sort." "And you resisting my appeal, and saying that I was not your child,but the daughter of ome great nobleman." "nd you were green enough to believe me? Peaw l When I'm in.my cups I have sElrge fancies sometimes. You a lady ant the daughter of a nobleman I The sooner yon get ch notions out of your head the etterl." "I sill not dwell upon the subject since yo atell me you were only jesting. But, dear ther, let me renew my request. 'I must have the means to o to Australia. M7y tlie dads oupon it." "Well, well, 'll see about it. I'll see shat can be done. I won't forget." "RLmembEr," said Carmeline solemnly, that my l0fe depends open my obtaining that money: I am not jesting." When Thomas Wilson was alone he chuckled over an idea which had entered his seheoing brain. He went to his desk and inaited a letter to the Earl of Elwood-for Carmeline's father had succeeded to the title-in which he pleaded for a remittance of !hmndred pounds, to be need for the benefit of the earl's daughter. He requested it' hDatld be sent under cover to him, and he Proumied, if the Earl acceded to his request, thathe would never again trouble him for money. The letter was by no means ill wittel, and Wilson almost flattered himself that the amount asked for would come by Irern olmail. Of course, he never intended mg Carmeline one penny of it. Thomas WLdon, landlord of the George, knew better than that, Two days afterward the letter-carrier. Spped at the George Inn. T?his is for you, MIrs. Vernon," he said, l-,ong a letter in Carmeline's hand as she stood atthe door. She glanced round to see that no one was 111oi'. She had grown suspicious of every foe. The London postmark I Who could hae written her from London ? It was ad dLed, too, Carmeline Wilson--not her marred ame. She hastened to her 'room d tors it open. It contained a cheque on the Oerton Bank for one hundred pounds t"eli, payable to bearer, and was signed ? ?ood." It seemed a gift from Heaven. 00 prayers had been heard, her wishes gafied. She did not stop to ask how it plPened that the exact sum she 'wanted some from London. She had forgotten the name of Elwood-she could think of nothioT tut themoney and all it promised her. Tiding the precious slip of paper, she u?.ed to the bank. The cashier was lgly lacquainted with her, and nodded. Saerelely he handled. the oheque; \--an ed at it, and then tossed it in a drawer. "How will yoen have it,ma'am?" "Insmall notes, if you please." She took the money, hid it, and hastened back to the inn. She had not smiled for many a day, but now there was actually something like a smile on he; wan, weary face. Her reputed father met her at the door and noticed her exeression. 'o Youlook something like you used to be," le grunted. •' Father, some kind friend, some angel in disguise, has sent me a hundred pounds from London. Was it you 1" "I was the means of it," he muttered. "How did this money come ?" "In a letter-a eheque." "Signed by whom ?" "I don't remember. Maywood, or some such name." "Elwood?" "Yea, that wasit. Only just Ewood." 'An old pat of mine-in the city. I-wrote to him about you." " DIar-dear father 1" "No thanks, girl." \- He was greatly disappointed in'not get. ting the remittance himself, but, on second thoughts, concluded it was as well to let the girl go. She would never be a burden or expense to him. When all was arranged for the journey to London, she bade him an affectionatefaie well, and he made a hypocriticale show of parental affection. It did not deceive her. She felt that she was an unloved one. The Conqueror, an emigrant ship, lay in the Thames, She was crowded withpassen. gers eagerly embarking on a voyage of thirteen thouneand miles, by the shortest route, lured by fabulous stories of the golden wealth of Australia. Carmeline had engaged a steerage passage, so that she might at the end of her voyage still have some funds left to support her until she should obtain employment in the far-off, unknown land. A strange mixture of people surrounded her-bad and good, withla predominance of the former. But she formed the acquaint ance of a qoiet family, and associated with them exclusively during the tedious voyage of four months. In spite of gnawing care, she felt a thrill of pleasurewhen at last the land-breeze wafted to the ship the odorof spicyflowers. Soon a dear little land-bird lighted in the rigging. Then, as night deepened, Cape Otway Light sent forth its cheering beams, like the rays of the star of hope. That night Carmeline could not close her eyes. She sat on the crowded deck, watching the constellations th blazed above her in all the beauty of a south ern heaven. - The next day the Conqueror ploughed her way along the elevated coast of Cape Otway forest, and entered Port Phillip Bay. The pilot came aboard, bringing files of Melbourne papers, which were -distributed among the passengerse One of these was read aloud by IMr. Jones, the head of the family to which Carmeline had attached her sell during the voyage. " - " Ahl " said he; "here's something. Two .convicts shot in trying'to escape. Serve 'em right I" "Where did this happen,-air 7" asked Car meline. "" A Norfolk Island." Norfolk Island !-theplace of his imprison ment I She forced herself to say : "I suppose the names of these unfortu nate men are not given, sir?" . "Unfortunate men, my dear 2" said Mir. Jones, ." I tell you they were convicts. No names? Yes; - here's the names in full Isaac Thompson and Luke -Vernon, the last a desperate character, the paper says." With an appalling shriek, the convict's wife fell to the deck. Mr. Jopes applied the usual restoratives in cases of fainting. The incident caused but a momentary excitement. on the crowded deck. "Only a woman in a fit," passed .from mouth to mouth, and the drinking, singing, and specd lating were resumed after a minute's in terval "Poor thing I" whispered Mrs. Jonekto her husband. "She told me her name was Vernon. - Maybe one ofthem men was her husband." SCarmeline was long in comipg to herself, and then the effort to appear. calm almost killedher. But-she asked to see the paper after awhile, - and, hiding her face with the broad sheet, read every word of the fatal news. The two convicts were attempting to escape in a boat; the guard fired on them, and they sank;' Bodies not recovered. Dead I dead l He, whom she loved in spite of his guilt, was dead, and she was alone in the world, thirteen thousand miles from England I .She did not shed a'tear, and a freezing torper, like that of death, congealed her frame. Mrs. Jones pitied, but forbore to question her. - - - - "We are going ashore now," said the good woman. "Mr. Jones has engageds beat to take us to Liardet's beach. Will you come with us?'.' -': . "Yese; certainly," replied Carmeline, in a hurried, flighty way. "Certainly, cer tainly." After landing, the Joneses -insisted on her riding with them, in acart they had engaged, to Melbourne. They were going yet farther, but Carmeline stopped in the town. She engaged lodgings with a Scotehwoman, a Mrs. Murdoekson, who had been re commended to her by the, captain of the Conqueror. The terms were frightfully high, yet low in comparison with those of other boarding places. - You will have supper, of course?"- said the landlady, as she showed her guest into a miserable attio room. " Only a cup of tea," gasped Carmeline. SBslet-rest I I want rest." ' . She laid aside her bonnet and shawl, then lay down upon thebed without undressing. -The .landlady brought the tea, which was swallowed; then undressed and went to bed.- - - . - b"Dead I dead r" she kept mrmurinring, as she pressed her hands to her burning head CHAPTER XL-. &uznsmeaa-m; re a uss. Carmeline awoke from a troubled sleep un refreshed, and with her awakening came a sense of her utter desolation, more poignant than the agony she felt when the stunning blow of the fatal news first came to her on shipboard. Por days she moved on as in a dream torpid, listless,'despairing. At .aSt came a letter from the gold diggings at Ballarat. The Joneses were trying their :fortune there, and they needed help in the housekeeping. They offered Carmeline bed, board and wages for her domestie services. S felt that she mosat go to work, not only to support berself, for her money was last ebbisg away. but that she needed employ reent ao a diversion from brooding over her bereavement. She answered the letter, sc. cepting the offer, and announcing that she would go through with the first conveyance that lelt Melbourne under escort, for evl characters loitered about the track o emi grants, and more than one family had been plundered by.bushrangers so that it was not safe to v.nture on the track without the pro teetieoi f the armed and oounled police. In a few days the opportunity oceureed, and she secured a place in a wagon belonging to one Mike Mulligan, who, with his wife and two chidren, were bound for thegrld district. W-hen shehad paidher fare and settled with her landlady she found she had left thirty ponds sterlig, This was none too much for a reserve fund in a coantry where a few days illness would absorb even a larger amount. Carmeline was very ill when she took leave of Mrs. Murdoekeon, her kind-bhearted land lady, who urged her to postp ne her journey, hut her feverish impatience to obtain some thins like a home in a strange land urged her forward. Tne distance to be traversed was about eighty miles, but as there were bullock teams in the train, the progress of the caravan was necessarily slow; moreover,the road in some places was deep and difficult, and the emi grants could only hope to reach their desti nation in four or or five days. It was a motley procession of mounted men, tilt.carts, land heavy baggege wagons, some of them piled with household fornituroe. The escort consisted of a dozen well mounted and well-armed policemen, with revolvers in their belts, repeating carbines slung at their backs, and helmets on their heads. When they reached a suitable spot at night, they encamped and bivouacked in the open air. It was no pleasure trip. At frequent inter. vals the emigrants had to traverse swamps of sticky mud that clung to the wheels of the wagons like glue. They passed through forests savage and dense. Sometimes they saw traces of great bush-fires that had swept the country with devouring flames, leaving here and there great tracts of dead, scorched trees, that loomed up in the night against the starry sky like ghastlyskeletons. Sometimes a huge fallen tree barred the road, and it was necessary either to hew it to pieces and re move it or to flank it by turning into miry fields by the road-side. :In crossing a tributary of the Terra River, Michael Mulligan met with a misfortune. His wagon broke down, and his jaded horses refused to move a step further. He vainly sought to procure other animals to enable him to keep pace with the train. Every horse and ox in the caravan had as much as they could do already; many of the draught animals had broken down, and all the spare ones had been forced into harness. The utmost that could be done for thle un fortunate family was to take them on in one of the baggage wagons. But Mike and his wife could not abandonthe cart. Itcontained their little all. Nor would Carmeline leave them in their distress. She had conceived .an affection for these poor honest people. Though they did not orge her, she knew that they would be rejoiced to have her stay with them. After all, what was one night passed out of doors under a beneficent Australian skyl : Some of the emigrants went to work and got Mik.'d wagon out of the bed of thestream and drew it to a dry place by the road-side. Thehorses did not need to be hobbled;' they were too tired to stray. 'By the time this job was finished the rear of the column had disappeared over the brow of an adjoining hill. The good-natured emigrants who had lingered behind shook. hands -with Mike and then started to regain Mike's wife sat down on a rock and had a' good cry; while Carmeline played with the children and Mike lit his pipe. After this solace the man went to work,and succeeded in o few hours in repairing his wagon. But the horses were still unfit for work, ansid night was coming on. Mike thought that they could manage to sleep comfortably enough under the canvas cover of the cart, but he expressed a childish fear of "lions, tigers, zebras, alligators, and all' thim haythen animals that go roarin' round eeckin' somebody to devour." Carmeline, who was not so ignorant of the zoology of Australia, assured him that helhad nothing to fear on that account,for such dan gerous animals were unknown. "Sure, thin, it's a blissed country, miss," was his reply, "St. Patrick must have taken it in his way when he came to dhrive thim varmints out of onuld Ireland into the say." "Carmeline took him aside. "Mike," she said, "there are those who are more dangerous than wild beasts and reptiles." "Ghosts and banshees, miss 2' "No, no, Mike; but bad men--thieves, bashrangers. You will have to watch to night. Are yon armed ?" "Ah, thin, miss, I have as good an Ameri oan six.shooter as 'money ean.buy." "I hope you will have no occasion to use it. But I would make no fire. We can dispense with tea and coffee." . Following, Carmeline's advice, the 'littIe. party made a meal on cold meat- and bread, and then crept under the cover of the cart and arranged themselves as well as theycould for the night-an anxious one, whiohpassed, however, without incident. 'At dawn of day the harsh screams of a hundred cockatoos, making a mnusic like the rasping of a thousand giant saws, awoke them. Other birds joined in-magpies,. leatherheads, and laughing jackasses. Green, red,' and blue parrots flew'from branch to branch of the forest. Tall cranes stalked along the banks of the river, or stood motion -less beside it. Mike had not paqsed a sleepless night. Poor fellow I he was tired out, and had taken more than one nap, grasping his revolver, however. With the opening of day his toil recommenced. The horses, refreshed by a night's rest, and by eating their fill of. a short, sweet grass, were in a good con dition. Th cart would hold together, pro.' vided there were no more bad places to. cross. "Sr they made a hearty meal, harnessed the team, and resumed their march. After a short distance the road became bordered by beautiful flowers, and Carmeline alighted to pluck some, telling the Mulligans to keep on and she would soon overtake them. There were yellow everlastings, buttercups, larkspurs, lobelias, orchisses, and a beautiful flower like the star of Bethlehem which she had never seen before. Passionately fond of flowers-those most delicate gifts of Heaven the young widow was lured from spot to spot by their fascination. She left the beaten track and struck into the woods, attracted by some crimson or snowy beauty peeping from the grass. She did 'not go far, however. When she had \- gathered an armful of flowers, enough to oo. copy the children for hours in making bonquets and coronals, she harried back to wards the road, as she thought. Bat it is easy to lose one's self in the Aus tralian buash, and lost she soon discovered that she was. She cried aloud, strainingher lange tp the autmost. "Mike I Mikoe 1" Ala sl only the discordant cries of cocka toos and parrequets answered her. "Mike 1 Mikel" she cried again and again, and then stopped and listened. There was a rustling and crackling in the bushes, and then two savage-looking men, with shaved heads and tattered clothes, look ing indeed like wild beasts, made their ap. pearance. Each of them carried a stout stick in his hand. \- "Can we do anything to serve you,muml" asked one of them, ducking his head with mock civility. She controlled her terror, and answered: "I have lost my way, sir. If you guide me to the road, you will earn my thanks." "When one gets lost in the bush," said the spokesman of the two, "it's a matter of life dnd death. Thanski is well enough. "But it's worth money to find the trail again." "I'll pay you liberally,' said Carmeline, incautiously. "She's got money," said the first rauian to his companion. The other winked. "Well, mum, I'm agreeable to act as guide," said the man. "Follow nus, my charmer. We know the bush. This way." They broke a way for Carmeline through the dense undergrowth, But they led her such a distance that shebecamealarmed; she knew the road could not be so farffs, and when they had reached a beaten track she halted. "Does not this path lead to the main road ?' she asked. "Yes'uam. Turn to the right and you will soon strike it," answered the man she had addressed. We'd go with you, but me and my pal has retired from public life and never show ourselves to our contemporaries.,, "I will now pay you for your eervice3,"said Carmelioe. "Yes'um. The regular. fee for guidin' a hindividual out of the bush is two pounds." " Two pounds l" "Two pounds, mum, regular, But when a lady's in the case, we deducks half on it. Hand hover one pound mum, if you please.' "Unofortunately all Carmeline's money was together, and she had to produce her little roll of notes. "Seeing is having I" shouted the foremost rOnfi, aud he snatched the treasure out of her baud. Not heeding her piteousery,the two vllians sprang into the bush. To turn to the right and fly along the path withthe speed o the fawn was Carmeline's instant action. Eut to her horror, at a turn of the path the rufflians again confronted her. "Halt '; cried the man who had dne all the talking, brandishing his club. "Ynu are our lawlul prize." Csrmelintshrieked aloud for help though well aware of the hopelessness of human aid. . " Give her a rap over the knowledge boxi" said the second ruffian.. "All right," replied his comrade, and a terrible blow laid her senseless -on the ground. "I sweer,"said the assailant, as he stooped to lilt her, "I believe I've killed her I;". "Hark I" cried his comrade, lifting a warn ing finger. "The gallop of a horse l We're lost I" , The other villain.dropped the lifeless girl and, following the lead of his accomplices, planked into the thorny thickets, through which they writhed their way like serpents... It was no false alarm. The bushrangers made their escape just before a stout man, well-mounted, with a repeating rifle slung at his back, came thundering np the forest path... At sight 1 of the stunned and bleeding woman he threw his horse on his hanuiohes by a pull at the powerful curb and'flung him. eclft?rom the saddle. The trained animal tood like a statue. "More of these villains' bloody work I" said the horseman as he bent.over Carmeline. "Thank Heaven, they left it unfinished. Her life may yet be saved." He ran to. a brook, dipped up some water in the crown of his soft hat, hastened back, and bathed the face of the unfortunate woman.; She muttered some incoherent words, opened and shut her eyes. When he raised herfrom the ground, "she; struggled with him a moment, and 'then her muscles relaxed. Carefully raising her, he mounted, holding her in his arms as tenderly as' if shead been a sleeping infant, while at a word his horse struck into a gentle canter. Two or three miles of riding on'the velvet turf brought them to a clearing, and then passing through a gate in a stockade fence, up a gentle slope, along an avenue of acacias, to a rude but comfortable farm-house, with out-lying buildings scattered round. 'There was an of freshness about everything, the house and fencings, which showed that it be longed to a recent settler. A hearty old lady came to the door to wel. come him, but turned pale and hold up her hands when she beheld his strange burdenl a young woman, apparently lifeless, her face bathed in blood. "Mother," said the horseman, solemnly, "behold your charge I" . " Who has done this cruel thing?" assked the old lady, as she received Carmeline into her arms. . "Who but the bushrangers? Bet hese vermin shall be hunted from the face of the earth I" CHAPTER XII. ' Two- uEanrs. When' Carmeline' once 'more opened her eyes to the light of day and of reason, the found herself lying in a comfortable bed, .round which mosquito curtainswere carefully drawn, in a plainly furnished room.' The sun was up.. She had oversleptl her self. It was high time to rise. But, to her surprise, she found herself unable to get "out of bed. Then she glanced at her arms; they were all wasted away. She passedher hands' feebly over her face; that, too, was thin and hollow. " "What has happened to me ? Whern am I ?" she cried aloud in terror.. "You are safe, among friends," said a kindly voice, as an elderly matron came forward and seated herself by her bedside. Carmeline passed' her hand over her fore head.'`. " Iremember," slie muttered, "something' teirible. I remember being attacked by bush.. rangers, in the forest. Who- brought me here? How long have`I been here? Is this place Ballarat ?" " My dear child, you must keep quiet. Ballarat? No, indeed; that's only a settle. ment of shanties and tents. You are in a farm-house.:. My son found you, stunned and bleeding, and brought you here. . This is my house. My name is Mrs. Carter." "But how long have I beeh liere ?" "Three weeks to-day." . "And I have known nothing- all that time I" " You have been very ill, and out of your head. But last night was the crisis of your illness. The doctor said that if you passed a quiet night and awoke rational,. he would guarantee your recovery." "My dear madame, I owe you my life." "You owe it to One who heard your-cry for help and directed my son to your rescue," replied Mrs. Carter, solemnly. "But of this we will speak hereafter--not now. Take this." The good woman held a cup to the pale lips of the sufferer, who drank the contents. Then, sinking back on her pillow, she closed her eyes in a slumber as sweet and peaceful as an infant's Dr. Beverley had judged the patient's case rightly. From this day she began to mend rapidly, and in a week more was able to leave the room and go aboutthe house. The good woman who had taken such motherly care of her was repaid for all her watching and nursing when she saw her charge seated in an arm-chair at the window of the little parlor on the first floor, with a clear light in her beautiful eyes, a faint smile on her lips, and a feint tinge of rose-color on her velvet cheeks. "My son will soon be here to pay. his respects to you." she said. • "There is his step I I should know it among a thon \- sand." The door opened; a manly form entered." "Carmedlno 1" - "Mr. Meredith I" Such were' their mutual oeclamations. Yes, Carmeline was beneath the roof of her old lover. Ie, whom she had rejected for a worthless rival, had saved her life in the foiest; his mother had saved her life in the farm.house. Meredith had not recognised her when he rescued her,- because her face was then bathed with blood from her wound, and he had not seen her from the moment he had given her into his mother's charge till now. The old lady was a second time a widow, hence her name, Carter, had pro. vented the invalid guessing at the truth. Both were greatly agitated, and it was some time before they could speak calmly. Meredith noticed the black ribbons .on Carmeline's dress-she had not had an .op portunity of providing a full suit of mourn ing-and said : . - SYou have- lost a friend?" "My husband," she said averting her face. "Poor thing I S young to be awidow I'! anid Mrs. CaOrter. Carmeline g!oane'd up at Mereditih It was an appealiag look, and he .nnderstood it. She did not wishlto reveal her painful story. He gave her to understand by arapid gesture that he comprehended her and would respect her wishes. :" How strange that you should have known Mrs.-I mean this lady," eaid Mrs. Carter. " I beg your pardon, but you know I never asked your name, my dear." " Vernon," said Carmeline, casting down her eyes. " Yes, I was acquainted with Mrs. Vernon in England," said Meredith; "and I am very happy to have been of service to her. But now you must excuse me, madam," he added, addressing Carmeline. "I lead avery busy life, and I have a thousand matters to attend to." Had he remained another moment in the room he would have betrayed himself. He had need of being alone to commune with his own thoughts. Carmeline beneath his roof, and a widow I M irs. Carter was untiring in the praise of her son.- The good lady had now secured a listener, and she ran on for an hour on her favorite theme. She told how successful Mark had been, how lucky he had been at the gold diggings, how fortunate in his land spe?nlaticns, how well his cattle had turned out. He was always a good son, she said, and an honest, steady man, and Providence had blessed him beyond his wildest hopes. Carmeline listened with mingled pleasure and pain. She rejoiced at Meredith's success, but she regretted that she was a temporary inmate of his house. Had it been a stran ger's, she would have been glad to remain in his employ contented with retirement and hard work. Bot her former relations with the master forbade her continuing in his family. She resolved, so soon as she had gained a little strength, to leave Meredith's Hope, as he had prettily named his settle ment, and to seek other shelter. In the meantime shecoimunicatedwith the Joneses, announcing her safety and her in tention of joining them at Ballarat as soon as possible, requesting them to advance her a small sumof money-for she was nowpenni less-to. lay her travelling expenses. The letter remained unanswered. During the delay she made herself usefual about the house, and so endeared herself to Mrs. Carter, by her resignation,industry, and dexterity, that the old lady came to love her like a child. Of course Csrmeline was thrown continually into the society of Mark, who was always courteous, but grave and unim passioned. It was evident that the old love had died out; as for herself, her own heart, as she thought, was dead within her. .At last the long-expeted letter from the Joneses reached her, having an encloenre of money. They were pleased.at the prospect of her joining them. She communicated the intelligence to Mrs. Carter, and announced her purpose of leaving Meredith's Hope for Ballarat at once. Mrs. Carter was thunderstruck. : "Why, my dear, I never -dreamed of you leaving us ". she said, and the old lady began to cry. i. , e g tDI am tired of eating the bread of idle. ness," said Carmeline. .. I. Idleness I.. Don't talk sich stnff ase that. Money couldn't pay for the help you've been to me. And then,'I thought you'd begun to like me a little." . - -'"Like - you. alittle I1, You have been a mother: to me. From the'first moment I opened my eyes on your dear face, my heart went out to you. Dear, dear Mris Carter, I loved you," and poor Carmeline buret into tears. - ":Then why won't?on stay'and comfort the old lady ? What ace these Joneaes to you ? Arem they relatives ?" -'!They were. very kind to me on the voyage. - And haven't I been? But this will be news for my son; I must tell him of it." "Say then, dear madam, that my resolu. tion isairrevocable.'l The old-lady beeustled out of the room and did not return to it. In a few moments the door opened and Mark Meredith stood beside her. He was even graver than usual. " My mother tells me, Mrs. Vernon, that you have decided to leave us, and is almost broken.hearted about it. I had hoped that you would remain as her companion, and that we had succeeded in making you com fortable here." ' Mr. Meredith," answered Carmeline, trying to imitate a calmness, "the most tranquil and comfortable days of mylife have been passed beneath you hospitable roof. I owe you more than shelter, I owe you my life; and when I am far away from here, night and morning will I pray on bended knees that the choicest blessings of heaven descend in unstinted bounty on Meredith's Hope." "Meredith's Hope I Meredith's Desola tion, rather, when you have left us I" cried Mark. All his stoicism vanished. "Carme line I Carmelinel you are the ornelest 'o women. Do you think a man who once loves can ever forget? Do you think I can forget the poor little barefooted girl who tended sheep on Overton Common I Do you think I can forget the beautiful woman who touched my heart aes no woman ever did before or ever can again? You could not love me then, but I did think that the bitter experience of life had changed your heart. Was it not Providence that reunited ps after a long separation ?-I still adoring, you once more free to listen to me?' Carmeline, while you were another's I could still the beatings of my heart, could find in toil an anodyne to agony, but now I now I there is nothing bids me be silent, nothing bids me refrain from declaring my undying love, Carmelineo l Carmeline I Again I aslk you to be my wife." "I am penniless, and you are rich." "Had I all the gold in Anustralia, I should be poor without your love; with it in poverty I should be wealthy.", Carmeline pressed her hand to her heart, and leaned against the window.frame for support. Meredith sprang to her side;, he took her hand; he drew her to him; her head dropped on his shoulder. Hiding her face, she fal tered out: "Oh, Mark, I love you I How I love 'you l" Then, by a sudden transition, she pushed him away from her, raised her head, dried her streaming eyes, and then said: "Yes, Mark, I love you-loves you dearly so dearly that I can never be your wife." SMark Meredith fell from rapture to des. pair. - . "Why-why ?" he asked, in a tone of the bitterest agony. " Bscaure J an a convict's tridolo." " Wll youen permsit your misfortune to stand in the way of my happiness?" asked Meredith. "Hear me, Mark," said Carmeline, and she now spoke quite calmly; " I have asked youto conceal my storyfromyourmother, and you have done so. Now go to her and tell her all." "Do not ask me to do that." " You see that I was right. But if yon do not tell her, I will. Mark, listen to your mother; she will tell you that I know my duty; she will console you when we are parted forever." (TJ 'e coftinued.) - 