THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROOJlE>JHIOS', OUR 1L2GUTI], AND OUR IlESOtJfcCKg. SANDHURST, TUESDA Y, JAN. 12, 1.S& IUT SEARCH OF REST. Mr. Berry luuia small party of his friends at Geolong on Saturday; and in a conversational way tendered some explanation of tho lato proceedings of tko Goyenimont. As lias been previously stated by Mr, Service, tliero was a breach of faith somewhere, though wo aro not told where, and the premature disclosuro in the pres3 of their intentions had caused Ministers some embarrass went. But Bince a decision had been arrived at, aud tho Government had been to some ex tent weakened by tho retirement of Mr. Kerferd, it was better, aftor all, that the in tentions of the Government should be made known to the public; for tho constituencies aro afforded a longer opportunity than they would otherwise have had of considering the circumstances of the situation, and of preparing for a new plunge into the political waters. There aro not many ripples on tli(C surface just now, and no great concern ap. pears to bo felt about tho necessity for pro viding fresh pilots. This indifference will wear off with the progress of events. After a long spell of fine weatli6e and smooth sailing, people lose tho dread of stortna aud forget how necessary it is to provide against the occurrence of adverse winds and waves. "Synoptic meteorology," as regards politics as well as atmospheric changes, is an occult scionco, and tho cloud no bigger than a man's hand may escapo attention. "Go to tho ant thou dullard " is tho advice now irivon by thoso who have learned from t.lio Blacks tlmt in tho matter of change of weather it is mily necessary t«> " consider his ways and bo wise." If there is .inch a thing as a political ant it, will l>e well to consider his prosont proceeding:!. It is an interesting question as to whether tho term may bo applied to ft "Victorian Ministor. If bo, wo luivo beon sufficiently warned to Iqok out for squalls. Either in stinctively, or With an actual knowledge"of things to come, Ministers have, as far as possible, boon sotting thoir nests in order. Mr. Service ami'Mr.; Bony desire rust. Miv fiorry saya that after '20 years of hard wojrlc his strength1 requires recruiting. Hut lie also' says ;tliat had thorp boon a, short tiino ago any public manifestation of a general character, or had his friends in largo numbers earnestly represented that lie could not woll bo spared, ho would perhaps not' havo hesitated to defer his departure for another twolvo months." A man who fools that ho has u good twelvo-inonths' work in him, cannot ho regarded as being quite worn out, nor so dreadfully fatigued that comparative rest and a chango of scone are absolutely ossontial for. his recuperation. So Mr." Borry, who can soo as woll around him and as far ahead of him as most men, can porcoivo that his removal from tho Vic torian stage will savo him tho trouble of taking a part in sotuo dilticult scones. Why doos Air., Service yearn for peace and quiet, or why was Mr. Korford in such a great hurry ," to got on to the bonch ? Those are sigiW and symptoms which aro worth study-j ing. Mr. Borry says "hobolioves tlio country to bo in a moat favomblo position at the present' thno—ho could not loavo it in a bettor way—and thoro is no cry' to go to tho country upon." Many pooplo'aro of opinion, howovor, that it might bo in a bettor position, that considorablo alteration is waritod, and that Molbourno is eating up tlio provinces, to tlio interests of which greater attontion should bo givon by tlio Govern ment and tlio Legislature.- Tho decon tralisors think thoro is a good cry to go to tlio country upon; and at any rate thoy liavo a cry and will onforco it to tho utmost of thoir power. As Mr. Borry himself eb sorvos, if- tho country 1ms clear viows on cortaiii questions, mon will, no doubt, como to tho front to givo odoct to tlioso viows. Of courso thoy will, and tho policy of de centralisation, on which poople aro perfectly cloar, will havo to bo takon up and 1 actod upon. . Wo shall soo somo stirring times, or wo aro 'greatly mistaken, at tho gonoral olcctions. And tlioro is somothing besides decentralisation to bo thought of; Mr. Berry lays tho flattering unction to his'soul that, under the Coalition regime, "Parliament has passed -excellent laws, and made such pro gress in social legislation that it sooms as though, tho principal functions of tho next Parliament and tho Parliament after that, will bo to presorvo what thoy havo; got, and to soo that thoy do not go back again."; There is,; howovor, a vory strong feeling in tho | country that tho principal func tions of tho noxt Parliament, if not of the Parliament after that, will bo to amend tho so called excellent laws and; to chock tho progroas of somo' of the social legislation, Tho Coalition Govorn mcrit has boon ono rather of good iiitontions than of actual bonolicial doods. It has boon in too much of a hurry, and tlio machinory broken down under.'tlio strain. It has has ;beon too intolorant of criticism and dis cussion, and so it has run itsolf into muddlos from which it would bo hard to oxtricnto itsolf. That is what is tho matter. It is not that tlio mon aro tired out, but that tho humiliation stares thom in tho face of having to rotraco thoir stops and to confess that in thoir hasto thoy have taken wrong paths. Cini.KfiRAMS.—Tho Great 1'owars have decided to cull upon Grooco, Servia mid Bulgiria, todo mobili/.e their armioa. Tho Egyptian Commission is now sitting in Cairo, and is lining attended by Sir Henry D. Wolff on balialf of Groat Hritain. ThkNew Agent-General.—Our spocinl corres pondent nt Molbonrno wirod ljist night The arrangomonts by which Mr Uorrv is to assnmo tho position of Agont- Gonoral for Victoria liavo now bo.mi completed, and ho 1ms engaged passages for himself and family in tho 1\ and 0. steamer Romo, which loavon Melbourne ou tho 20th March. Thk Nkwport Workshops. 4-At tho meeting of thoSandhurstbranchofthoDooen'ralisationT ongu>. lastevcmng.acomminiiciitianwas received from tho secretary of tho Pcomior, stating that Mr Service would bo ploasod to incot tho deputation from tho longup, in roforonco to tha Nowport workshops, at Caetlenmine, to - morrow. Arrangements were mado for tho Sandhurst membors of the council to attend. A meeting of the council will bo held in Castlemaino to-morrow, prior to the interview with Mr Sorvico. It was pointed out by tho Mayor, that unless Mr Service mot them as tho Premier, who would bo compotent to givo a promise, bindiug on tho Government, tliero was vory littlo use in go ing to Oantlomaino at all. 13ishop Crank.—On Sunday Co-adjutor Biihop Rovilla announced that ho had loarnud tb.it hi* Lordahip Bishop Crana would loavo Naples for Australia on tho 14th of this month. Ho will probably arrivo in tho colony towards tho ond of next month. THK ALI.KOK» l UIU.Ol.N'I.NC OV AHALOAM.—T1118 matter was mentioned fit tho half-yearly meeting of the Extended South Duvnnshiro Company yes terday, Mr Kennedy, a Molbourno shareholder, asking whether any stops had been taken in the nutter. From tho discussion which endued, it anoinb that those who first made the charge wore unprepared to go on with it. Tho chairman (Mr G. 15. Thomson) stated that tho director whoso name had boen mentioned in connection with tho alfair was no longor a member of tho board, not having boon returnod at tho ballot held a few minntos previously. 1,0X0 Gdli.y School or Aiits ami 1)ksiont.— Tho committeo of management of the abovo school li-ld thoir monthly meeting last evening in tlio Mechanics' Institute, whon thoro wero prosont— Tho president (Mr J. A. Hall) in tho chair, and Mossrs T. Soymour, H. T. Thomas, \V. Wilson, T. Prout, W. Philpot, and H. S. Webb (secretary) A lettor wai read from Mr J. M'ilroy, on bohalf of the hospital and asylum committees, requesting the appointment of a representative of tho school on tho conimittoo to arrango for tho forthcoming Easter Fair. Tho communication was received, ami on the moticn of Mr Pront, seconded by Mr I'hilpot, tho secretary (Mr H. S. Webb) was ap pointed to act. A lotter was also received from John A. Nutt, sncrotary of the South Richmond, Hawthorn, and lfew School of Design, enclosing a subscription list, and requesting that contribu tions be solicited from tln>.-a attending thu Long Gully Bchool tcwards crocting a snitabjo monument ovor tho crave of the lata Mi- Si. Ii. Roberts, J.J?., secretary of the Technological Commission, who was cno of the promoters of tho Schools of Arts and Design in Victoria, and displayed untiring energy in tlio lurtheriitica ot art culture milling tho young pooule of tho colony; recoived and nn aeH-'U taken. The secretary, on boiialf of Mr Short, M V. A., the tombor ol drawing, otc., suggested tlmt a sc.ilo of fees lie adopted for tho ensuing year. The sn * gestion wm adopted, and tho Hecrotary iri-tructed to notify by ndvortUcmont ill tho local papers that tho now quarter would commence on Monday evening next at 7 o'clock. Tho secretary, on tho motion of Mr l'rout, seconded by Mr Seymour, wan instructed to write to the City Council, solicit ing ft grant in aid when tho allocation of ehuritable luidoihergrants forthu yeartako place. Tho secre tary referred to the dolay of thoTecliuologio:vl Com mission in forwarding tho subsidies due to the school, and it was docidedtoonce more Afriteto that body, complaining of tho inconvenience tho draw ing teachers had been put to in consequence. Tho meeting then closed. The Flood j.v tiik Loddo.w —Our Inglowood correspondent writes :—Tho Ijoddon has been run ning a banker" abovo and below Uiidgewater. Tho ]3ul-a-Bul Crook has overflowed its banks in many places, and from all parts of the adjacent district news comes that tlio watercourses havo nut been running bo full for sovea or eight years past. Jy" news is to hand of any suriom dun age to land ojrfirops, although the floojs havo seri ously retarded harvesting operations. [ (iofcDKS-stiiUPB Wpui£;.vr; Mkn'h Ci.un.—Tho usual monthly meeting was hold last evening .at the club room, .Golden square. Th.iro were present:—Tho president (Mr A. TJcc^'jti) fn the chair, and MessrB T. Jones, L. Searlo, I£. 'Jcnen, ,T. Hope, J. Boland, H. E. Williams, j. Thomas, C. Mackinnon, W. Bradshaw, treasurer, and the secretary, Mr J. F. Hogan. A letter waa road from Mr E. I"raser, secretary of tho Technological Commission, stating that tho commotion will hold a mooting shortly, when tho application for the formation of a school of design will be dealt with. Tho treasurer submitted h'a monthly report, which Bhaa'ed a credit balance of £30 12s. The president reported having received a donation from Messrs Brovrc f.ntj Ellison. Mr Bradshaw reported on behalf ot building committee that they had mado com.6 peoesjary alterations and repairs to tho Smut of _ tlia institute. Tho report was approved of. Jir 1>. Aijbrey was elected to the vacant position on the Renir;;l or.i'o mittee. The president referred to tho deiay'iyhici, baa occurred in opening the School of Arts and .Design, and stated that it was owing to the Com 'missionera c.i)t being able to make it convenient to attend It was decided on tlia motion of Mr R. Jones, that the matter bfl Jeft in the hands of the officers to urge on the Commission the necessity of i early action. Mr Mackinnon moved tfcqt the Fec i retary be instructed to write for a gopy of tba ujjv I/ieentiog Act, Mineri' Act, and Landlord and Tenant Act, and .also (kit ii map of Siuiiilim-.il. bo procured. Mr Si-arlo seconded Uio motion, uml it was carried unanimously. Tho secretary called attention to the necessity of an olcclor.il reja.itrar being ap pointed for tlio district of Golden square, and moved that tho nccossary iipptioution be luado to tho Chief Secretary, and also for ths establish ment of n registrar tor births, deaths and mar riages. It wis seconded by Mr Searle and carried, 9ovor.il donations woro reported. .Accounts to tho I amount of is wero pasted for payment, nml I tlio mooting closod, ■' ..Tub Auk and tiik Ukokntiiausation Movk mfnt.—Tho . A;ic any a:—In tlio .ranks of. tlio I locoiitralisntiuir Jjeuguo discord is already ox hiliito.i. At tlio last mooting of tho Oxloy Shiro Council tho question ofducmitraliratlon caino up for! discussion, and a decision wasarrivod at that tlio council us a body should not further assist tho movement of tlui longtio, Tlio roason nsaignod ivni that tliat b.vly had boon insti iiiuont.il in cadsingjtho iojeotiotuif tho Electoral Act ninond meld. Hill by'which, the district was to havo 'an extra representative in tlm Tjegislativo Assembly. A 1 lttINd I.ooamtv.—In submitting for salo yesterdny n homo and laud in Wills-street, latoly occupied by MrI'etcr Hansen, Mr J. II. Toaguo, tho. auctioneer, assorted that thu locality was growing Kfoatly in favor, and that property in tho neighborhood was. Btoadily rising iu value. Tho result iihowed this to bo something moro than tho umal auctioneoi's "gush." Less than'two yoara ago Mr 11 iiitfou bought liio property for JB2;il>, and yesterday it fouud a purchaser in Air Foster, of tho. Railway department, nt JL'UM, an increase in vhllm „f ilifi. SaN'DHUUHT I'/fHIOlTAN SkIIK.VADKIIS,—WO JmVO It'ec'ii informed by tho secretary, Mr J; Pickup, Hint this popular club' lmvo decidod to give a per formance in March on behalf ,of Mr W. Wilson, 'who till lately was oiia of tlio leading cornot plnydrsof Northcott's Bund, but wlioso ho.iltii lias boon very bad duriug tba last (iva or six months, niid on account of which ho has not boon able to follow Any employment during that poriod. Wil son was iilways willing to givo his services to any cliaritablo performance when naked to do so. Wo hiiYu 110 doubt that I10 ^vill got a substantial mun ;fi oin tlio performance, i>8 t ho public will bo glad to h'oarof.tlio ro-appaarotico of tlio club after an absence of over two years, Tlioy havo given some vory good performances in tlio past. Dkckstbausation IiKaouk.—A mooting of tho Sandhurst branch of the Decentralisation Lo.iguo of Victoria was hold in tlio mayor'* room at tho Town Ilall last evening. Tlio mayor (Mr S. II. M'Gowan) tho president, occupied tho chair, and thoro. >vas a fair attendance of members. Tho secretary, Mr J. Nueson, statod that lie had ro caivpd a communication from tho secretary to tho Promier in reply to 0110 from him as secretary to tho council, and informing him that Mr Horvice would bo plonsod to moot tlio deputation in reference to tlio Newport workshops 011 tlio oc casion of his visit to Castlomaina to-mor row. A letter was recoived from tho Hay wood Borough Council, intimating their do siro; to join the loaguo, and forwarding ft choqno for £1 Is. Received, with thanks. Anothor communication was road from tho town cleric of Maryborough, stating that tlioy wero do sirous of h-ilding a public meoting there for tho purpose of forming a branch of the loaguo, and re questing tho prosouco of two or threo mombors of tlio Sandhurst branch, llecaivod, and tlio mayor was appoiutod to attend. The mooting will probably bo hold on Monday, ovoning noxt. Tho mayor reportod tho result of the meeting of tlio council hold in Oagtlomaino Inst woek, when it was dociUjd that a deputation miouiu win, uh yio I'roniior. Tho; principal object of th<! iutorviow would bp to obtain, if possible, a Promina from tlio Promior that ,tho Newport workshops would 11 >t bo proceedod with until nftor tho now Parliament had mot. Tho other points would bo moroly do partmontal or mattors of detail. Tho socrotary, Mr Noeson, hat] intimated to Air Service that a deputation would wait on him, and that day thoy had irocpived a reply fixing \Vcdnonday noxt at Oastlomaino as tho tunu anu placo for tlio iutor viow. ; At that mooting of tho council, Mr Nooaon, tha secretary of this branch, hid also boon ap pointed, secrotaty to tho loaguo., Tho secretary vqad n circu'ar from tho Ballarat branch, for warded to tho varioua country, districts, showing tho nood of establishing branchos.. Tho iottor wan recoivod, Enc';ink niuvKRs' Examination.—Messrs Coatoa and; Fulton conclndod tha ougino- drivors' examina tion,in Sandhurst yeHtorday. Mr MooHsson was not proaent, having gono to Maldon in connoclion with tho.rocent boiler axplumon at that plaso. Tho following are tho results of tho examination for tho four days dunug which tho board has been aitting in SandhurstTlioro woro 8-1 candidates, two of whom inado no .appoaranco. Tour secured 1st clasq sorvico certificates, viz., Messrs Marsh, Johns, Whito, Nottloton. Throo secured 2nd class sorvico cortijicatos, viz., Mossra It, S. Lindsay, 1?. Lindsay, Knipa. Five secured 1st class com petency .certificates, viz., Moisra Hookas, Uutlor, Fulton, Keddan, liyan., Savon secuied 2nd class compatency certificates, viz., Mossra Mothorson, Loader, Hill, Ttobarta'ou, M'Phoraon, Ilendy, Dil worth. Ono pasied for sorvico cortificato, subject to his producing additional testimonials. Twelve woro partly examined, and their furthor oxamiua ■ tionjpnstponod for six mouths. Two of thoso who passed for 1st class service niid ono who passed for 2nd class sorvico wore transferred from tho com petonoy list. „Long Gui.i/r Mechanics' Institotr. — Tho cou:mittoo of this institute met in the subscribers' '.rooiA la«t ovoning, and hold their monthly moot ing. ! The president (Mr J, A. Hall) occupied the cliaip, and tlioro wore also present:—Messrs T. Seymour, T. Connall, It. T. Thomas, T. I'rout, K. Jennings; W. Philpot, II. S. Webb, W. Courier, and'J. Rogers and W. Wilson (secretary). Cor rospbndenca of an 'unimportant nature was doalt with.. A curiosity was roceived from Mr Bond, and 'acknowledged with thanks. Accounts as fol low,1 amounting to i'3 19* 2d, woro panel for pay ment:—Gas Company, Evening News, firewood, and jiowspapor.). The meeting then closed. Tiik NKWfjiiKRAt, LiADiiit.—The question as to whoUhall lead tho Liberal party upon Mr Barry's retiremont was referred to at tho meeting at Geolong on Saturday (nays the Ar</ua.) Mr Berry said it was difficult to choose a man whom tho party 'frould acccpt Mr Deakin would nmko a splendid leader. He was a Victorian, his instincts woro rigl:t, ho was a splendid speaker, aud ho was popular with members. Tho only tiling against him was that ho was ynuiig, but ho would soon mend in that rcspect. Mr Horry's remarks woro generally nciiuiosced in by those who woro present. Nkw Cuhatk of St.' Paul's.—Tho Church of England Ahsscnycr notifios the appointment of the Rev, 0. F, Taylor, M.A., as curate in tho parish of St. Paul's, Sandhurst. Promotion.—Wo loarn that Mr K. II. Good onou;:H, who for some time past lias Leon in chargeof tho Branxholmo agency of tho Colonial Bank; has been promoted to tho acting manager, ship of tho Pyramid Hill branch. His many friends round and about liranxliolmo v.'i I be glad to hear of this, but will bo Koriy to observe by an advertisement that after the lGlhinst., tho Branx liolma branch will only bo opened every Thursday instead of daily. Nkxv Suu-lNsrKCTons.—Tho Ihillaral Star in informed that at the next mectinjr of tho Cabinet six members of tho polico force, at present liotding tlio rank of sergeant, but who have, passed tho olKocrs' examination, will be promoted to tho rank of tmb-inspoctor, ao that they may perform duty iu connection with the new Licencing Act. It is said that tho present sub inspector* of police aro averse to acting in connection with tha now lieons ing law, and tho Chief Secretary ha* suggosted tho promotion of tho eligible sergeants Long Ui-i.lv J'ihk Biugaih:.—1Tho monthly meotinff of this brigade was held in tho depot on Friday evening ln.st, when Lieutenant NicholU presided, and there was a good attendance of mem bers. Accounts amounting to £3 7s -Id were passed for payment. Tho mattor of appointing a delegate to represent tho brigado 011 (lie Kistcr Fair committer, an requested by Mr J. M'llroy on behalf of tho Bendigo Hospital and Asylum committees, was deferred till next Friday night. Messrs A. Rosewall, T.'Gist, J. Turner, junr., J. Stopplebcin and T. Kosewarno were elected active members, and tho nomination of II. Vea'o was receired. Messrs U. A. Miller, G. Ai ken, J. Climas and J. Marshall were proposed for honorary membership. The secretary was in structed to write to the City Council, asking permission to fix a dry p'ug in Creeth-street, opposite Lewis and Dunstan's store. Some matters of no gre:it interest were also dealt with, and the meeting closed. M"sic i.vthh Rkjeiivk.—Should weather porinit the Sandhurst Imperial Military Hand intend giving ono of thejr op-in air concerts to morrow night. To ftart at ei„'ht o'clock. A Sui'i'OaKi) Hoax.. — With respect to tho alleged recent sticking up case on the CainbenvbU (toad, I'io police, as tho result of a searching in vestigation (says tho Ai/e) incline to tho belief that the occurronce never took place at all, and was a purely imaginary affair reported by Jones to get up a sensation. Two sharp detectives were the greater part of yesterday engaged making in quiries in the locality, but no corroborative evi donee could l.e obtained as to the alleged robbory under arms. TiiKGoL'LHtJKsBcsn.nn?.—'The Rira-inc Herald says The damage dono by the bush- fire of last week out towards tho Goulburn is very consider able. A :U0 acre paddock, belonging to Mr Brown, upon which thero was gras.1 l.S or 20 inches in height, has been completely swept over by tho flames, 300 chains of heavy chock and log fencing ivUo being consumed. Against tho fence had ac cumulated a mail of dry, fluffy grass, blown thero by the wind, which of course carried tho fire along v;it'1 tho greater certainty. Somo selectors, named (ireenaway, Hancock and lJoal, have also suffered much. Nearly 1,000 acres of land have beon burnt,over altogether. Tuageut at Richmosd. — A great sensation was caused at Richmond yesterday afternoon (says the " 11-niM when an attempted murder and suicide took placo in a house occ -pied by Mr Burns in Wellington-street. A couple named John and Ju'.ia B'lcklev have been living in Royal-lane, Richmond, for tome timo past, but owing to the husband, who is a painter by trade, drinking Ijeayily, the pa.ir have not led a very happy life. After reti:i,n»irr.!.f:i(; with her husband some time about his drinking iiabitp. Mrs Buckley, who is only 20 years of age, decided zj, lq.st i'q jeave him. Buckley found hor out, and induoed her to'£3 with him to Kichmo-jd, and they were for s'onio timo at the houso of Mm Burns. Ho endeavored to induce Mrs Buckley to come and live with him again, but she wag obdurate in iier refusal to do so. He then Bhut the do.>r, and pulled out a penknife. This lie opened and deliberately commenced to cut his wife's throat. The poor woman screamed franti cally and then the man seized an axe, and made two or three strokes at her. He succeeded in in Dieting two ugly scalp wonnds, bat happily the r.ii> danced off, and did Mrs Buckley no seri-.us iiljury. She managed to make her esc-.pe, and g&vo; the irvu. Mr Burn?, who was working a short dntance away wds'fjUic!;!'' on the scene, and he fouad Buckley lying down !n the Jarc^ feeding from a terrible wound in the throat. A pair of shears, covered with blood, were lying at his aide, ' and it was evidently with this instrument that he had inflicted his injuries. Mr Burns did all ha could to staunch the flaw pf blood, and sent for a doctor, but liofoni liis arrival )'.iirl.li'y v.:, ■< Tlio deceased win I'll j;oarH of i«i;o, and |m t bcun married long. _ H in stated thai ]m h:i,j illt|i drinking very heavily for tlio past fmv ibiy.-, probably was BtilFming from delirium irnnnis when hti committed tlio null not. Miners' Acoiubst Sociktv.—A special rni,i:,i meeting of this society will be bold nt, tin? nllico.i.f tlio aocrotary (Mr .F. 11 M'Ooll) on .S.iIuh1,,v ovoniuK next, ut 7 30 o'clock, to consider n lcu,'r from tho Minors' Association, desiring the soci.-ty to unito with that body. \- " Onok A Month."-—Wo liavo received th0 c„.. rout nmnbor of thin publication, which appears i',, bo as woll got up aa previous issues Among t|„ mniiy interesting articles wh'.cli it contains in oxcollont ono, written by Mr David Blairin n f, r,.!lco to the Into Rov. Dr. Lang, of Kydimy, (l[ whom;iiu Have, "No more remarkable mini, moro VemarKublo careor, stands recorded jn ||m annals of tlio aouthorn dependencies of tin; l'.riti«|, ompiro." I'hk Extohtation ok Wink. — Some little ii;n„ ago Mr It. Webster, of Moodemcre Viitt>ynr<l Waligunyah, consigned four quarter hogshoa Is 0f Moodoinoro ahiraz to a rolativo in Calcutta M apecnlation. Thn vonturo has (according t(, [|,'0 Jtutlierglen Jffiws) turned out no well, and llm wjno mot with auch on approciativo consumption, tllr.t Mr! Webster ia now about to despatch six ni„t0 quartor hogahoads—fivo of ahira7. and ono of niiu catol—to tlio samo port, ami tboro is good roasnn for boliowng that this alight coiinignii,enl prrtVo tho nucleus of a largo oxport trade. Lost and l'ViUNn.-—Two children, *<>ns nf „ man-named Adani'on, wore lost in the bmli tie,r lluahworth on Wudnesday. A number of anarch partiaa wore organised, and tho aearcli was liqit up continuoualy until yesterday, when (writes our Mojbourno correspondent) tho chi'drun wri0 found, a tologram to that olfuct having readied hoadnuartera. TKt.KuitAi'Hio Hates attiik Ronrwii Towns.— During the last sosaion of 1'urlininant (nays tho Aiyits) Mr Shackoll, M.L.A., brought under tho nUontion of llio House tho fact that nftor tim institution of shilling tolegrams bolwonn Victoria and Now South Wales, tlio telegraph authm itiia of tho lattor colony charged 2d for oach wonl alnvo 10 ill messages from border towns within Victoria instead of Id por word us boforo. Tho Postmaster! Gonoral (Mr Cuuipball) wroto to tho Sydney autli iritius on tho subj ot, nsking thein to reduoo tho chargo to Id par additional word in tliu case of mossugos from tho bordor towiiH in this colony— Kchuca, Koondrook, Swan 1J ill, Wahgunyah, Wodonga, and Yarrawonga, and a conimuiiicatLn lias just bom racaivoi from tho Postmaster Gonoral of Now South Walos complying with tho roquost. Tho rato from all other tel«grapl^ station* in Victoria will continuo to bo la for 10 worda, anil 2d for ovory additi mal word. UltATH IK thk Hospital.—Potor M'Koiuie, agod 151, admitted on 22nd Docombsr, died on Sunday from anourism. Tlio KynoUm Ladies' College, of which Mm, Ooodninn Teale in the principal, is uicoly nituated. Tin? hoine h largo uud admirably adapted for boardern, uud Mrs Teale is assisted by oomnotont resident guvorinuso.H. The drawing of tho nmes in tho Convontof Moitv, Sandhurst, will not tako pluco until tho 30th April. Tliu jiotit ponuinuut Ikih boon mmlo to ullow of a return of the Mo.ssrH. Manning and Co,, drapora, of View Voint, announce spooial reductions for 0110 month in all <ly. partments. Mr. K. Daro, of Viow.Point, announces a conumhiory Balo of grocery stock at his establishment. Tho sal, will bo continued for two wooku ouly, ami perHons in. debtod to Mr. Dare are requested to Bottle upimmerii* atoly. It Is aunouucod that Girton Collego* of which Mr*. I). F, Aherue and Miss Hill are tho principals, ami uro assisted by Mr. T. S. llall, U.A., Mis* Kva Hill, ami visiting umstors, will ro-opon after tho Christmas r&. cation on Tuesday, 2nd February. Applications aro invited, returnable by the Hlh inst., at G p.m. for the position of assistant librarian at tho Mechanics' Institute and Freo Library. ' Messrs, Shaokcll, Whito and Co., iu conjuuotiou with Messrs. K. O'Neill and Co., are nnnoumn'd to koII 5,000 acros of splondid agricultural and gru/imj free, hold laud, kuown iw tho Pinogrovo Estate, near Mitiiuno, owned by Mr. Wlioeler, M.L.A. 