"' THE DEPARTURE. . L J it be granted, as we recently contended, Shat t iere was not ouly the necessity for ft new party in this colony, but that snch ft party was actually in existence, althiugh as yet only in a telescopic Condition, it is time for the country to examine it closely — its principles, jnelbods and purposes. The time is also Opportune, as we are now on the eve of ft goneral election, when the electors Bhemselves can prononnce an opinion on Bach and all of these points, when they Can guide it away from dangerous direc tions, and strengthen it wherever it Seems to them to bo weak or wanting. Jloihing can be more certain than that the old order, or rather disorder, of Shings has passed away, let us hope £or ever. In the present temper of the people of this colony, it would, we may feel assured, be impossible to perpetrate another Black Wednesday ; the man who Bow hinted at broken heads and flaming houses might find himself in the posi tion ho designed for his more peaceable neighbors, and the word " confiscation" Would be looked on ns treasonable to the wbolo community. And this is in tho very nature of things. We are still B very youDg people ; but, as we grow fast, we have already left behind us the hot blood and immature judgement of adolescence — we have, to use a common, Jjnt expressive, phrase, sown onr wild oals. The great body of tho people having heeD settled on the lands in fee, have become conservative in propor tion to their independence ; labor has discovered its own strength, and has asserted it with effect; and every man can now claim for his sons nnd daughters a share in the emoluments of public employment, not in proportion to his Influence with either Minister or member; imt according to the capacity and character of the aspirant. These Immense changes have been naturally reflected in the atmosphere of politics, and the parties which W6re created by the Old order of things no longer exists except in name. We do not sny that differences on many questions will have ceased to be, but. some of (hem are in abeyance — for tho present-, at all events —and the others have still to be formu lated. Take, for instanee, as examples of tho first, the Education Act and the question of Protection or Free Trade. Now, we have, whenever we considered It our duty to speak on the subject, main tained that, while nothing would induce us to seethe principle of free and compulsory education disturbed, we would favor Bome provision for religions instruction In the schools for those who desired it for conscience sake. But in spite of our views on this point, we are not blind to the fact that the majority think differ ently, and that it would only hinder the progr ss of ultimate justice in all men's minds if"we pressed our claims to be heard till the majority had calmed down and become "willing to listen to reason. So it is with Protection : We look upon It as one of the greatest fallacies that ever possessed the human mind, and yet . we would oppose to the last any attempt to npsot the system to-morrow either by Violence or a coup d'etat. The cure must come from the people themselves, or it would he of no value, and most certainly of no permanence. We never hesitate to express our ideas on this or any other question when necessary, but we do not eODstuntly or at all seasons, whether ©ppoitune or not, obtrnde them on . the attention of onr readers. Being confident that truth will prevail in the end, we are content simply to keep the subject alive and let the people, work out the problem for themselves. These are iho principles on which the new party is being based — to effect everything good which is possible and to leave vexed questions to abide the result of modera tion and reflection. Not only does this appear to us to be a wise policy, as re gards these vexed questions themselves ; hot it gives room and opportunity to legislate on many snbjects . on the main points of which nearly all men are agreed. We suppose there is not one man in every thousand in Australia who Ceally believes in intercolonial do ties. Why. tli6a, are they not swept away ? Wo are quite aware that the different tariff-i npon imported goods in the various colonies render an arrangement between tham difficult and intricate. But, where, there is Buch an absolute consensus of public opinion as to their objectionable and absurd' character, a ceuWeut , is far from impossible. Wherever thereis a will there is a way, and the jealousy of politicians, or of mercantile men, should not be allowed to Stand against the wishes of the whole of the people of Australia. We think one of the first duties of the new party in Victoria— call it the National party, if you will— will he to consider how Border customs can he abolished: as soon, as possiil'. Then, the question of r»i jh ion may well engage their attention, cb ii- wi-dom aud necessity are admitted, and ihev have oulv to consider its details. Jere, lin, New South Wales and South jkU'tr.-lili are < qaaily interested, if the waters of the Murray are to tie utilised Bat, indeed, the subjects whicn await the consideration of the new party, .and of which the justice and wisdom are generally admitted, are too nnmerons to mention here. Tbis alone we wornd. contend for, that, whether it be called, the National party, or by any olker one of its chief constituents uhonld be a strong country contingent. The electors have the creaticn of in their own hands ; and if they dtowjhe coming opportunity to slip y. 7 J lose their last, and only, chance of break ing up the present system of centra.isa- tion. A " National party under any other conditions might prove . worse to the country districts even than the present regime. Death ofMr Joseph Stephens. —It is our melaucholy duty to have to record the death of another old resident of the ^dis trict, Mr Joseph Stephens, of the three Mile, near Beech worth, who a hi3 residence on Sunday last, was a native of Brighton, Corni , about the year 1S60 arrived in ctor.a. The old gentleman, whose kindly disposi tion gained him many friends in he locality in which lie lived, had passed the span of life allotted to mau, according to Scripture, being about eighty-nine years of aoe ; but up to within the last few weeks he was hearty and active, though of course at his age it was not to be expected that he would live much longer. Mr Stephens had three sons and three daughters, one of the former (Johnston, well known in connection with immng, and more particularly in regard to the driving of the Rocky Mountain Company s tunnel) and one of the latter being dead. The two surviving son3 are Joseph anu James, and the daughters aro married to Me33rs H. Nankervis ancl F. B. Leal. Mi Johnston Stephens was well known m the Bright district, where he, with Mr Edward York, of the Three Mile, dis covered the Elgin Reef, cruslungs from which returned about £4000 per man. The Coleingwood Bank Outrage. The arrest was made on Saturday morn- ing, at Goldsboroiigh, by Detective O'Cal- la»han, of a man who is believed to have been the principal of the gang of robbers who attempted to stick up the floddle- street branch of the Commercial Bank on Tuesday. His name is Alfred Beal, and he is 26 years of age. After Hopkins and Murray, the other members of the gang, had been secured, Beal was suspected to be the third man, as he had been fre quently seen of late in thoir company, and a search to discover liis whereabouts was instituted. He was, the " Argus states, traced to Castlemnine, which lie left after having obtained a change of clothing, and thence through several other places to Goldsborough, where Detective O'Callaghan arrested him, and took him before a special sitting of the local court, by whom he was remanded to Melbourne. The prisoner stated that he wa3 boru in Victoria, and had served two sentences in New South Wales for horsestealing. He was discharged from prison on the last occasion in 1SS4, and went to Echuca, where his wife is now living. Some months ago he came to Melbourne for em ployment, and fell in with his present associates in crime. The detectives have recently gained information which shows that the revolver which was used by tho gain? was purchased by Beal. "The prisoner Murray has acknowledged that he was one of the gang, and stated that when the bank manager fired his revolver he instinc tively put up his arm to shield his head, and thus received a shot in his arm, for which he was treated at the Melbourne Hospital. The Recent Ovens Election.— The election of s member oE the Legislative Assembly to fill the vacancy in the repre sentation of the Ovens District created by the elevation of Mr Tverferd to the Bench was concluded on Monday, and resulted in the return of Mr F. H. Tuthill, by 24 votes. The voting at Eurobin, which, through neglect on the part of the person appointed to act as deputy there, was not taken on Friday, was on Monday con ducted by Mr Cunningham, thereturning- officer, when 74 votes were polled — 24 for Mr Tuthill, and 50 for Mr Ferguson; bringiug the numbers up to 76G and 742, respectively. The official declaration of the poll will take place from the Town Hall steps, Beechworth, at 12 noon to-day (Tuesday). Wangaratta Police Court. -- On Monday, before Messrs Tone and Mel- drum, J.P.'s., Edward O'Brien was fined 5s for making use of obscene language on Saturday last. Henry Mason, charged with drunkenness, was discharged, with a caution. John Hicks, for resisting the police in the execution of their duty, was fined 20s ; iu default, three days' imprison ment. Jeaunie Cooper was fined 2s 6d for having been drunk and disorderly. The same defendant was also charged with vagrancy. Mr Langtree appeared for the defencG. Tho evidence proved that Cooper was in the habit of frequenting Chinese houses and indulging in opium- smookiug and drinking, and that she was a nuisance to the neighborhood. On the latter charge defendant was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Beechworth Gaol. Benefit Concert. — We are pleased to notice that it has been determined to give an entertainment in aid of the widow and orphans of the late Mr August Hartmann in Beechworth, on the 5th prox. Leading lady and gentlemen amateurs have pro mised their services in making the enter tainment a success, and we have no doubt but that the Oddfellows' Hall will bo so filled on the occasion as to show that the public are grateful for the services rendered them by the late Mr Hartmann in a musical sense, and that their practical sympathy is with those whom he has left behind him. At a meeting held at the Albion Hotel on Monday evening, Mr L. Murphy in the chair, it was resolved that the concert he held on the date named.. A sub-committee was appointed to attend to all matters of detail, consisting of Messrs Murphy, C. J. O'Sullivan, Marsh" and Gilchrist ; Mr O'Sullivan to act as hon. secretary, and Mr N. Lawrance as qod. treasurer. A Narrow Escape.— The " Yass Tri bune" reports that on New Year's evening the Rev. Canon Faunce, Mrs Faunce and infant, with a young lady who was on a visit at the parsonage, had a providential escape from death. They were sitting in a summer-house in the garden, when a heavv dust-storm came on. The Canon rose from his seat to go to the house, and as he did so he heard a very old willow- tree that grew at the back of the summer- house crack- under the force of the wind that just reached the garden, and catching Mrs Faunce, who had the baby with her, by the arm, told her and the young lady to run, and they had only got clear of the place when the whole of the top part of the callow-tree broke, and came down on the place where they had been Bitting. They had not a second to spare, and as it was, the leaves of the tree fell within a foot of them as ihey were retreating from. the house. . Church of England. — On Sunday last Mr P. Strahan, the well known Wind r tenor singer, sang at the morning service in 1 Christ Church, Beechworth, " Comfort Ye," from Handel's" Messiah," and in the evening, " If with all your Hearts," from Mendelssohn's "Elijah his fine voice being heard to great advantage. Mr Brooke played the organ accompaniment on each occasion, as well as the lovely solo, "O Rest in the Lord," at the opening of the evening service. -Mr Brooke, the newly-appointed lay leader commenced1 his ministrations at . Hurdle Flat on Sunday afternoon last, by .con ducting the Church of: England service. Mr Brooke will officiate and preach -at the Church of England service at Stanley on Sunday afternoon next. Telegraphic Extension to Corryong. \- — The tender of Messrs A. Chitts and, Co. . for the construction of a telegraph line between Tallangatta and Corryong, for the sum of £1538, has been accepted. The Victorian Defence Forces. — The monthly report upon the state of the naval and military forces of the colony shows that there were on December 31 5381 men of all ranks in the military forces, or only 231 short of the establishment ; and at the same date there were 267 men of all ranks in the naval forces, which is 36 short of the establishment. Auction Sale near Christmas Town.— Mr John Strickland, "auctioneer, sold by public auction on tbe promises, near Christmas Town, on Saturday last, 86 acres of freehold land, the property of the late Mr Benjamin Brierly. The land was sold for £4 per acre ; one of the sons of the deceased being the purchaser. The horses, dray and harness, back delivery, ploughs, &c.;, offered realised fair prices. Rutherglex and Murray Yalley District Yinegrowers' Association. — A meeting of the members of tho above association was held at the Council Cham bers, Rutherglen, last. Saturday afternoon. Present : The president (Mr C. Reau), and Messrs G. Graham, D. Smith, D. King, J. Campbell, M. O'Dea, W. Chand ler, H. Turner and H. Nott. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. After some discussion, it was decided, on the motion of Mr G. Graham, seconded by Mr D. King, that the secre tary write to the Minister for Agriculture, requesting that, if grape juice was to he allowed into Yictoria, it should be kept free from skins or stalks, as the disease was just as likely to be imported into the colony that way, as if only grapes were allowed in ; and also that the co- operation of the Australian Winegowers' Association Yictoria be invited, and that immediate action be taken. Mr Graham moved that Mr G. S. Smith, who was then in Mel bourne should be asked to wait on the Commissioners" of Railways, requesting that proper trucks be provided for "the conveyance of grapes by tho afternoon trains" on Mondays and Thursdays, and that an officer be sentfrom the department, to be at the railway-station, Rutherglen, on Thursday next, so as to give the Com missioners an idea as to tho amount and importance of business done i:i the grape line. The motion was carried. The secretary was also instructed tv> writo and bring under the notice of the Commis sioners that a letter had been forwarded on the 28th October last, requesting that refrigerating trucks be provided, for the conveyance of fruit and grapes. Mr D. Kinv suggested that some of the members of the association should give a lecture or read a paper on wine-making, or some similar subject. He thought that the president should make a beginning, and give a lecture on wine-making ; but noth ing definite was decided upon in the matter, and the meeting adjourned. Racing. — The annual race-meeting of the Victorian Club took place on the Flentington course on Saturday afternoon. Owing to the lieat of the weather the attendance was small. The racing, how ever, was goad, the results of the various events being as follow : — The Hurdle Race wa3 won by the favorite, Insolvent, tho Victorian Club Cup by Lavington, the Two-year-old Stakes by St. Paul, the Selling Race by Snip, the Steeplechase by Lady Ashton, aud the January Handicap by Solo. The New Constitutional Leader. — A new feature has, Monday's " Telegraph" states, arisen in the political situation. A feeling of dissatisfaction exists in the Constitutional party at the manner in which the leadership has been handed over to Mr GUlics without consultation. Vfhen the leadership of tho party was assumed by Mr Service on the retirement of Mr Francis, it was in consequence of a large meeting of Constitutionalists sitting in Parliament having unanimously offered him the position, but on the present occasion no such proceeding has taken place. A feeling is growing that Mr Service should have surrendered his trust to the party itself, and allowed its mem bers to have a voice in the appointment of a new leader. It is probable that a meet ing of the party will be held at an early dale, for the purpose of discussing the situation and determining the leadership. Mr Gillies's leadership is likely to be widely challenged as being unpopular in the country, ancl unauthorised by the party. Three Ladies Drowned. — The Belfast correspondent of the " Argus" on Satur day telegraphed : — A sad accident happened to-day at a bathing- place along the coast, known as Boardiug-school Bay, by which three ladies were drowned. They werebiiUi- ing, when one of them got out of her depth. The others went to assist her, and all three lost their lives. The names of the deceased are Rebecca Zepliu (wife of Mr F. ZeDlin, professor of music, Melbourne), Edith" Searle, and Annie Richardson. The first and last named were on a visit to friends at Belfast. A niece of Mrs Zeplin (Mra Rihard Thomas) showed mnch bravery. She swam in with all her clothes on, and succeeded in saving. Miss Richardson, a sister of que of the deceased. She also tried to save her aunt (Mrs Zeplin), and in the attempt nearly lost her own life. She is now lying seriously ill.. An inquest was held on the bodies this afternoon, when a verdict of died from asphyxia was returned. The Lunacy Commission. — The mem bers cf the above Commission, who arrived on.Friday night, visited the Beechworth Lunatic Asylum on Saturday and Monday. The general condition of the institution was such as could not but have .met with the approval of the official visitors, who, in addition to their visit of inspection, examined some of the warders and pa tients, but the evidence taken was of ho material importance or public interest. Different Sides of the Question. — Different people take different views (says the Riverina " Grazier"). When the rain came on Thursday most persons began to congratulate each other on the great boon it would prove to the district in giving grass and water during the bad months. Some, however, were glad for somewhat opposite reasons. While standing at a street corner, we heard one busbman observe to another ; " That will fetch up the burrs quick ; there'll be lots of work for us chaps." ."Yes," replied his friend, and it'll make' the rabbits spread fine." Settlers can hardly be expected to sympa thise with these views. The Fatal Fire at Jones's Bond.— An inquest was held on .Friday by Dr I Youl, at the Melbourne Hospital, upon the body of Win. Jauies Hubbard, aged twenty- five," who was fatally burned at the second fire at the Melbourne Storage Company's (late Jones's) No. 6 bond. James Moorhead, foreman of the gang of men who were working at the salvage when, the fire occurred, said the deceased was engaged a3 a plumber repairing kero sene tins, and that "he had a fire in a tin: The apron of his brother, John Hubbard, caught fire, and in trying to put it out,' :the apron of deceased caught, and he: pulled it off and- threw it down. The highly. .inflammable material about tiffin caught, the fearfully- large fire being the result. Other evidence, showing the affair to have been accidental, was takeu, reports the " Telegraph," and the jury returned a verdict of accidental death. A French Claimant. — A new claimant has made his appearance in Paris. ' On Wednesday night, 2nd December, a young man, bearing a: striking "resemblance to the Prince Imperial, called at one of the police stations and made the following eccentric declaration ; I am (he said) the Prince Imperial, the legitimate son of the Emperor Napoleon III and the Empress Eugenie. My death has been an nounced ; but, as a matter of fact, I was captured by the Zulus. I succeeded iu effecting my escape, and after traversing Africa from south t® north, I crossed the Mediterranean and landed at Marseilles. There I worked incognito for some years, my poverty and my dignity preventing me from present ing myself before my mother. But we met once. It wa3 at Vienna, at the tomb of Maxitniii»u. So violent was my emo tion, that I swooned away. The Empress raised me herself and tended me, but when I became conscious she was gone. I have come from the British Embassy, where I asked to be sent to England ; but I was politely shown the door. This being the case, what could I do better than address myself to the French police ? My luggage is at the Garo du Nord. Will you kindly conduct me thither, and advance me money for my journey to Chislehurst, as I am peuniless. My mother, Her Majesty the Empress, will repay you. Asked by the magistrate to show his papers, he produced a book in which was entered the name of Pollak,' a "journeyman clockmalcer at Vienna, saying that it had been lent to him by a friend to enable him to travel incognito. He was sent to the infirmary to be examined as to his mental condition, though he betrayed no sign of any derangement; and spoke in the language of a well- educated man. As this novel pretender was being led away he remarked that the magistrate was yielding to pressure put on him by his cousins, the Princes Victor and Louis, who wanted to supplant him. A Bushman's Sufferings. — What a man may have to suffer in the busli may be gathered from the following, extracted from the Forbes " Times — " A selector named Michael Doyle, who lives near the Tallabang, on Saturday night started from Forbes to go home. He went by way of Grawlin Plain, and while riding through a pino scrub, the liorse he was ridintr shied and ran him against a stump, breaking one of his legs. He managed, however, to retain his seat until he got on to the open piaiu, when, feeling faint, and fearing that if he fell senseless from the saddle, he might be kicked, he managed to throw himself clear without any further injury. There he lay from Saturday night until Monday, when he was discovered, far away from home, and without even a drink of water all the time." The Wealth of Oddfellows' Lodges- — The enormous wealth accumulated by the Manchester Unity Order of Oddfellows is shown in the financial statement of the order for the year ended December 31, 1S84. Including the subsidiary funds, amounting t» £301;7S8 12s Sd, ihe total accumulated capital of the order at the above date was £5,732,79S IDs Gd, of which £5,5G9.3oO belonged to the sick aud funeral, and £1G3.44S to district funeral funds. These figures show an increase for the past year of £213,200 ancl yield an average of £9 15s lljd per member, whicii makes the body the wealthiest friendly society in the world. The Late Disastrous Bush-fires. — We learn from the " Camperdown Chron icle" that the necessary preliminary steps have been taken to organise a fund for the relief of the sufferers by the recent fires in the Heytesbury Forest. Public meetings have been held at Camperdown, Cobden, Panmure, and other places, and committees have been organised to collect subscriptions to the relief fund. A meet ing is also convened to be held at Terang for the same object. In tho meantime, efforts have been made on behalf of those who were left entirely destitute. Clothing in abundance, and of all kinds, has been forwarded to the stricken ' dis trict, and provisions have also been sent down. As soon as possible an inquiry will be instituted to ascertain the full extent of the damage done, in order to arrive at a satisfactory scheme for the distribution of the funds that are to be collected. It is proposed that the central committee shall be at Camperdown. The Merry-go-round. — Mr Cribbes, the proprietor of the merry-go-round, which during t.lie past few evenings has been stationed in Upper Ford-street, Beechworth, very kindly devoted Monday evening's fun for the benefit of the Ovens Benevolent Asylum. The pastime was very fairly patronised by the youngsters. The total proceeds — viz., £2 Is — were handed to Mr Fyfe, the asylum secretary, who was in attendance. Mr Cribbes is deserving of great credit for his charitable action, which will no doubt ba remembered in a practical manner by parents when he next sets up his merry-go-round in the town. The Corner Hotel, Beechworth. — Mr H. Van Den Berg having dispbsod of his interest in the above hotel to Mr Jas. Dobie, Messrs "J. H. Gray and Co. will sell by auction on the 28th inst. the whole of- the ' hotel furniture and effects. Mr Yan Den Berg requests for his "successor a continuance of public support and patronage. Licenses Approved. —Richard Oats, jun., 20a, Chiltern West ; John McDowell, 18a, El Dorado ; Edward Tavare, 8a, Harrietville ; W. E. Crembr, 20a, Free- burgh John O. Grimsley, 20a, Harriet ville ; Hiram R. Brown, 3a, Freehurgh ; Francis Moran, 14a, Harrietville ; Martha M. Trapp, 20a, Barwidgee. License Cancelled.— E. A. Armstrong, la, Tintaldra. Presentation.— When on a visit to Waudiligong during the Christmas holi days the teachers of the Wesleyan Sunday school took the opportunity of presenting Miss Kaighin, a former teacher in the achool, with a very substantial token of the high esteem in which she is held by the teachers and scholars of the school, stateB the " Observer." The presentation was made, by Mr J. W. Gregory, the superintendent" of the school, and the gift was a most elaborately fitted out travelling- case. Mr Gregory spoke in highly eulo gistic terms of Miss Kaiglun's worth as a teacher, and of the great loss the Sunday school had sustained through her departure from the distriet. Grant Approved. — Daniel Glasgow, ISalr Sp, Carlyle. , . " Leases Approved. — Robert Beattie, 54a lr 36p, Myrrhee ; Jas, Quinn, 80a Jr. lOp, Lilliput ; John B. Price, 60a, . Ohil- tern West.;- Joseph Dobinson, iiOi 2r 19 p, Cudgewa ; Henry Scales/' 319a Or 18p, Bolga ; Marje Heyenga) 18Sa Or 7p, Towong ; Agnes Ivere,T05a Or 12p, Ker- giinyah ; Agnes Ivers, 75a, Or 36p, Ker- gunyah ; Malcolm Morrison, 46a 2r 32p, Wermatong';' William Clough, 116a 3r 21p, Talgaruo ; John Brewer, 23Sa 3r; 24p, Wooragee. . The Drought in Fiji.— Reports have Been received from 'various quarters in the Fiji group giving an alarming account oE the serious state which produce and vegetation are in, owing to the long- continued drought. Should rain not come soon the natives will be compelled to leave tho islands and go over to the mainland. In all districts complaints are made of the smallness of the cocoanut crops, the nuts not being much larger than a man's fist. This state of affairs will tell materially on the collecting of native taxes. Reports from Windward as to the state of the country for want of rain are lamentable. Even on the fertile and evergreen Tartini the streams have dried up, grass has dis appeared, and stock have to be hand -fed on fodder brought in from tho dense scrub. 