NEW ZEALAND. Auckland, January 8. Five enormous bushfiros aro raging in the Taranaki district. More than an area of ten miles is a blaze, while the town of Stratford is par tially destroyed, and forty families are left homeless. DuxEDitr, Jnnuary 8. Ninety-five wharf labourers loft hero to-day to take the place of the men on striko in Melbourne. , ' ? Toowoomba has ofton been startled by the marvellous inducements offered at the many clearance sales in tho town ; all previous efforts will be shortly eclipsed by Russell Wilkins nnd Co. Read their coining ad vertisements. Volunteer Ar-roiNMiBtra. — Among tho general orders issued by the ActingCom mandant appears tho appointment of Liout. James Rcnwick to A Company, Darling Downs Division, until further orders The Musobate Election.— Tho total re turns received up to tho present for the Musgravo election show that 524 votes, have boon recorded for Mr Philp, and 232 for Mr Wimble. Tho polling at Goldsborough has been postponed until Saturday week as tho Musgrave River is impassable. Our Readers aro reminded that Messrs R. Falkincr arid Co, will sell at Bcauaraba nt their usual monthly sale on AVednesday; tho 12th inst., (which, by, the way, is rapidly increasing in popularity) souio very useful horses, 20 hoad young cows and calves, 530 'owes with 200 lambs, : and 700 wethers. Tho above' is stock thai is needed and should result in a good sale, — Advt. Action i'or Waoes.— In the Polico Court yestorday. Peter Neilaon sued Donald Mclntosh for £3, wages duo. Tho ovidonco 'rot com plainant was to tho effect that, Mclntosh had oinployodi him on- tho 21st Noveinbor, as a cook, and that ho did not take him to his place iintil' .the 4Ui' Docenrber, complainant during that interval waiting to begin his work. Contradictory evidenco was given by Mclntosh, but a verdict for the plaintiff for £1 without cost's terminated tlio'caso. IiicENSiNb MBBTiva.— A licensing meot ing was hold on Wednesday in:tho Court house. Tho mombcrfi present being the P. M, (chairman), N. T. R. Gregory, and'-C. M. Paul, Esqs.T, J.J. P. In tho cose of Bridget Council, the applicant was refused a license for tho ' Homo and Jockey' Hotel TtnMivon street. Tho applications of Robert Falkiner and John Johns for a district auctioneers license woru 'granted, as was also that of Parius Hunt for a certificate -for keeping a biUiurd-tablQ in Ke«d's Buildings, Imrobny. — At the Polico Court on Wed nesday, Margory Higffins was charged on remand with tho theft of certain articles tho property of Miss Riloy, Noil- street. In this caoe, which has already bepn reported in our columns, somo f urthor evidence was led, and tho accused was found guilty and fined 20s, or ouo month's imprisonment. Almanacs. — Although wo are fully com mitted to 1886, almanacs continue to pour in apace,. and wo havo received yot another con tingent' among which aro a very pretty pirl dreamily . playing tho violin — this from Mr Molony, Ruth ven-Btrcot— a pleasant scene en titled 'Little secrets' from Mr Peter Field, and a leaf out .of Donny brook Fair, tho selection of Mr Blackburn, Russell-street. The choice is varied and all are good, and will no doubt be appreciated by those who obtain them. : A Neoessaby Importation. — We ? notice that Mr J. W. Martinson has imported a very necessary ai-ticlo at tho present time — to wit, carbolic powder, having procured this most useful disinfectant from Messrs. Elliot Bros,, in Brisbane, as the best remedy for tho pre sent evil state1 of the Toowoomba drains. What the authorities have not seen fit to do has thus been accomplished by private enterprise, and we havo no doubt that tho public of the tern will appreciate tho action and carbolise themselves and their houses by the aid of Mr Mattinson's importation. The Quarantined Passengers. — Dr. Hickling reported on Thuraday afternoon that the cases which. occurred in the morning were simple, and all waa otherwise well. Yesterday morning at 9 o'clock and at noon Dr. Hickling reported that the people were nil well. It is understood that negotiations aro taking place which may lead to Captain Saycrs and his crew being allowed by tho B.I.S.N. Company to leave their vessel, and thus permit tho Dorunda to bo released from quarantine forthwith. The Visit of tiib Bishop of Brisbane. — On Thursday evening a meeting was held in the School of Arts to take measures to provide a suitablo welcome to the Bishop of Brisbane during his forthcoming visit to Toowoomba. The Rev. J. Vospcr occupied tho chair. It was decided that the reception should take the form of a convcrsaziono in the Assembly Rooms at eight o'clock on the evening of Tuesday next, when the proceedings will in clude au address of welcome, a selection of music and refreshments. The following gentlemen were chosen a committee to make arrangementsj tho Hons. J. Taylor and W. II. Groom, Messrs. Harris, Knyvett, Burnoll, Alford (chairman), Hodgson nnd -Newton, McssrB. Fielder and Spalding wero appointed joint secretaries. ... Holiowat's Pills.— Bilious complaints and irregularities of tho system, produced by redundancy of vitiated bilo, can always be corrected by a few doses of thesp inestimable Pills, which are everywhere admired for their rare combination of mildnoss and powor ; for though they conquor with case and rapidity the most obstinate diftease, they never weaken the stomaoh or necessitate any interruption' of ordinajy duties or amuse ment. On the contrary, thoy increase the appetite, strengthen the organs of digestion, give increased enorpy and life to all the animal functions, and lit both hand anil brain for fresh oxertions. Tho sick and enfeebled may by a singlo trial spoo.iily discover what a happy revolution these Pills have tho power to effect in tho human system. Home- Items. — The following items of homo news appear in the .special cablegram of the Courier : — Lord John Manners, Post master General, has notified that tenders will bo received up to 31st March next for a weekly or fortnightly Australian mail service, via Briudisi or Naples ; the time to Adelaide being limited to C28 hours, — The Right Hon. Sir John A. Macdonald, tho Canadian Premier speaking at n banquet iu London on Monday last declared that the Dominion would will injfly enter into an offensive and defensive league with England. — Her Majesty tho Queen has consented to become patron of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. — Tho Quaen's speech at the opening of Parliament wiH delivered on 21st instnnl. — The finances of the Umpire Club aro £5000 to the bad. The manager has been superseded. — Tho Australian Mortgage and Agency Company have declared a divi dend oC 8 per cent and a bonus of 2 per cent. £15,000 has been carried to tho reserve fund, and nn addition of £250,000 to tho capital-is proposed. Ukplbasant Dxbams and General Un rest arises more frequently from indigestion than from any other impairment of the organic functions. Indigestion means mnl assimilation of food, and the panaoea that breaks up Hi's internal revolution is the cure for the malady. This will be found in WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. Be sare you obtain Wolft's Schnapps. Don't physic, for it weakens and destroys, but use Hop Bitters that builds up ! (Take nono but American Co.'s) Read. 