NEWS OF THE DAY. Tho usual monthly meeting of the City Council will be held this evening for the transaction of general, business, Mr. C. D, Price, R.M., who presided at tho City Police Court, had not a great deal to do tliis morning. A man named William Gray was fined 5s. for drunkenness, and that constituted the whole of the business on the charge-sheet. The prizes won at the athletio sports held at Bayswater last Wednesday, to celebrate the anniversary of the opening of the Eastern Railway, will be handed over to c the winners next Saturday evening. The distribution will talce place in tho voBti bule of the Perth Central Eailway Station. *A cricket match will bo played to-morrow aftevnoon on the Recreation Ground be twuen the I'Zingavi aud Union Cricket Clubs, play commencing at 2 o'clook sharp. The following ia the 'rZingari team:— Pendorgast, Buokley, W. R. Ward, Fer guson, Woods, Morgan, Lake, Healy, P. J. (Capt.) Bostook, E. K. Wade, Sherlook, Emergencies, D.Healy, Q, Best. Yesterday the General Post and Tele graph offices were removed from the old premises between the Government Offices to the building on tho other side of S. Geor ge's Terrace, which were formerly devoted to tho use of tho Police aud Survey depart ments, in which the postal and telegraphio busiuess of the City will bo carried en for tho present. Next Tuesday the ohildrou attending tho St. George's Cathedral Sunday School will hold their customary annual pionio at Crawloy, Mr. Geo. Shouton having kindly placed his ploasantly-situated grounds at the disposal of the Sunday School commit tee for tho day. No doubt the youngsters will enjoy themselves to the top of their bent, if favoured with seasonable weather. It is of no uso for individuals to com plain in tho Press of the ' dog nuisance,' when the remody lies in their own hands. Any podestrian or equestrian who may be ohased by dogs is empowered, under, the provisions of tho ' Dog Act,' to lay an in formation agaiust the owner or owners of tho brutes. Unless this be done tho police are powerless in the matter. A very sudden death occurred in Perth early this morning, whon' a Mrs. Heffernan, tho wife of a police constable stationed at Guildfbrd, died in childbirth, after being delivered of a- stillborn infant. The tie consod had beon married but twelve months, aud the distracted busbaud arrived from Guiklford this morning only just in timo to say his last earthly farewell to his expiring wife. At the concert held at Fremantle last Wednesday eveuing, under the auspices of the 'Star of tho Sea' branch of the H.A.C.B. Society, Bishop Salvado created no small amount of amusement among the large audience present by saying that he would give them some " genuine Western Australian music." His Lordship fulfilled his promise by playing an Australian corroborrie, and singing an aboriginal song in the native lauguage to his accom- paniment. This unique performance was loudly applauded. On Wednesday, last an nccidont happen' ed to- a gas-fltter named Bland, which might havo boen attended with fatal con sequences had assistance not been close at hand* It appears that Blnnd was engaged iu fitting up tho Bon Marcho premisos pre paratory for gas lighting, whereupon ono of the pipes took firo to such' au extent that tho unfortunate man's hands, iu trying to extinguish the flames, bocaino so severely oingod as to incapacitate him for work for, at least, somo fow days. An inquest was held at three o'clock yes terday afternoon, Mr. G. Knight aoting as Coronor, upon tho human remains found on tho previous day on tho Canning. Tho » ? ? jury, after hearing tho evidence adduced, rohirued tho following yordict s— ' Wo bo liovu that the remains wo havo seen to bo tho3Q of James Goddard, who was missed from tho Canning Timbor Station on or about tho 18th July, 1S84 ; but thoro is no evidence to show how ho caino by his death.' The remains consisted of the thigh-bones, skull, and a fow other bones, all of whioh wero partially charred by a bushfire. It is beliovod that tho doceased must havo boon making his way back to the station, and that while iu a state of intoxioation lie tripped and fell face down wards into a pool of water, ? thus being drowned. The remains wore interred to day. Last evening a gontloman ontered tho billiard' room of a certain City hotel. Sit ting upon the edge of a wide table a small yol lowiah looking object attracted his attention, and, thinking it was a bit of cheese or a crust of broad, ho pushod it away with his hand. Upon touching it, however, ho discovered it to bo a roll, of papor ; and, upon closer examination, he found the lump to consist of ono .£5 and throe ^81 bank notes. The gentleman at onco handed over the £$ to the landlord, explaining how. ho became possessed of them. This morning the finder called at tho hotel, and asked if the notes had been claimed. ' Oh ! yes,' roplied the landlord, shortly after you left Mr. Blank came in greatly excited, and asked if the money had been found, I handed him the notes. Ho pocketed them without a word of thanks, and quitted the house without-leaving the price of a drink for tho honest finder.' This is evidently ono of those cases iu whioh, as our copybooks used, to iuform us in our juvenilo days— -f Honesty is its own reward.' A correspondent sends to a Hampshire' j papor a copy of tho subjoined letters,- and.-; states that he has soon the originals, which, were sent to Mr. Pearco and Mr. Knapp,. who were active agents at Fawley for Mr. Bompasattholate eleotion for tho New Forest Division of Hampshire. The first letter was sent to Mr. Poarce, the second to Mr. W. Knapp :— ' Mister Pease— Sir —We has wated a mouth Bin Lection to hear from Mr. Butnpass about kow and dree akors of land but has heard nothiuk. so I gies you notis i shall olain droe akers . round your ohappel, 2 akers from wood at baoksidoof Chappel, an one in front, of. vorn and vuzen. i Bhall want Chappel for kow. you must get it ready, you oan pitoh it with tho lint stones round Chappel, and make me a talit to clap in hay and vuzzon. Yon has now kow so I told VV . Nap I must havo hisn. Nap and you, wea-e haoting for Bumpass,. and we looks to you to see us righted, if you donfc get this land and Cow we will never wote tor a Raddikle agen. No not ifi nose it*— Signed E. W— ' -f William Nap-i gies ye notis that i claims your kowcept you [gets mo one from Mistor Bumpass. you an roister pease got us to woto for he and he linrl nncrlif. fn linvn had COW and land a fore this, You be a great man at bkoll bored, i wauts to now when my »oy and gal are to be odikated free greatis and for nothink as we was told wen i woted. for Bumpass, i speoted to have another, pot ofbeerstedofpayiiagvour penso a week for my gal an boy. you wauts to roi- me of this likewise of kow and laud. I spoks you to send cow over as soon as Mister Pease has had old Chappel mado snug and tight for sho. So tuck notis-theiu is a lot on us who spoks slime as I do.— S. W . 'Under the verandah' is a common ex pression on ' the other side' for a vocogms. ed place of meeting for the transaction of business, and therefore the free iuterohxvnge of opinions upon publio topics and other matters of general interest. In Perth the new verandah of the Shamrock Hotel (o wing to tho central business position of the building) promises to be a rendezvous for business. men, and tho balcony above a retired spot— although iu tho very heart of the busy haunts of City men— ;.vhero under the benign influence of cool drinks and the soothing effects of the tranquilis ing aromatic weed, a:ny amount of trade may be transacted, social questions disous sed, and businoss ( proposals matured. While the landlord ol' tho Shamrock Hotol is carrying out tho improvements all see in course of completion, we venture to su|j gost that it. would be better if the rooms boueath tho verandah, woro devotod entir ely to the accommodation and convenience of commercial men, the bar busiuess being removed further back from Hay-street and provided with a side door instead of the present front entrance. The rapidly increasing, population1, in the City, and more particularly the urgent demand that now exists in Perth for accommodation for flin fi-(i.nafWtt.iftTi fif hilHUMHS. vniO'hfc. Wfi thiuk, be sufficient to induce tho proprietor to make a deoided effort to meet publio requirements, the more so as there is not the least difficulty in carrying our sugges tions into effect. If this be done, there is no doubt he -will bo amply compensated for all the expense incurred in making the sug gested alterations. 