GENERAL NEWS. The records taken at the Observatory on Thursday showed that the heat in the Bun went as high as 161°, and m the shade 105"7°. The maximum in the sun was thus nearly 5 degrees higher than it was on Wednesday, when the reading was 15G'5°. We are informed by the Deputy-Postmaster General that telegraphic communication with Cape Borda waB restored on Wednesday after noon, when reports were received that exten sive fires had been raging all over Kangaroo Island on Wednesday and Thursday. Our correspondent at Maitland telegraphed yes terday—"Large fires are raging for miles around this district, destroying a large quan tity of fencing." We also received news from a correspondent at Bletchley of another large bushfire in that district, which was going yes terday towards Mulgundawa, It was the intention of the Commissioner of Crown Lands within, if possible, a fortnight to start with the chief inspector of vermin on a tour round the various rabbit camps. There are now fifty-five rabbit parties out, and as their operations extend from the south-east to the west coast it will be at once seen that Mr. Howe's self-imposed task is by no means an easy one. The Commissioner of Crown Lands has instructed the Government Geologist to pro ceed as soon as possible to the Port Lincoln district in order to see what the gold prospect ing party recently dispatched to that neighbor hood are doing. Mr, Brown will leave for the district as soon as his present engagements will permit. Owing to the Glenelg Corporation declining to advance the same subscription as last year for lighting tbe clock at the_local_ institute the timepiece has been left unilluminated for two or three nights. An offer, however, has been received by the secretary of the institute (Mr, J. Lee) from Mr. J. Bell, of Morphettville, to guarantee the cost of lighting the clock to the end of May and until 10 o'clock at night, which is an hour later than was previously tne custom to keep it lit up, An important addition is being made to the number of industries in the suburb of South wark in the shape of a new brewery for Messrs. Ware. The ground floor is 70 feet x 24, and-underneath is a large cool cellar also 70 x 24, built of Flagstaff quarrystone. The tower, which is SO feet high, is divided into five floors. The material is bricks, supplied by the Metropolitan Brick Co., and the con tractors are MessrB. Stephens & Turner. The architects are Messrs. Wright & Reed, and the contract price is about £2,000. There is also a detached four-roomed house intended for the brewer's residence. On Thursday afternoon the Port Adelaide police received a letter from Dr. Rees, of HindmarBh, stating that a Mrs. McCarthy, of Wood ville,"was in a deranged state of mind Her husband went to SMwbourno about a month ago, and she had^Sflbaby in arms in a very bad state. Mrs. McCarthy was not in a proper condition to attend either to hersel or the child. The doctor advised that sh should be immediately looked after by the police. Mounted-constable Sharp went over to make enquiries and found that the child had died that day at a little before 6 o'clock. The mother appeared slightly deranged, and the neighbors sent for her sister, who resides at the Grange. They also promised to look after the woman. As a teamster named Underwood, in the employ of Messrs. Rofe & Co., was driving his horses from the watertrough of the Land of Promise Hotel on Thursday morning the ropes binding Lthe large packing cases in the trolly gave way with a sudden jerk, which resulted m the man being thrown out of the dray on to the road, and some cases falling upon him. He. was severely injured. Dr. Rees was quickly in attendance, and later on the sufferer was removed to his home at Wood ville. Referring to a paragraph in our yesterday's issue, in which it was stated that at Wednes day's meeting of the City Corporation Coun cillor Downs complained that Councillor Roberts and Councillor Frost had called him "a d d blasted old liar," we have been assured by Councillor Frost that he used no such expression, and that Councillor Downs did not accuse him of having done so. Alder man Davis, Councillor Downs, and Councillor Newman also write stating that Councillor Frost did not make use of the objectionable language, which was, they point out, used by another councillor, The annual meeting of the Hindmarsh Volunteer Rifle Club was held at the Land of Promise Hotel, Hindmarsh, on Thurday even ing, There was a moderate attendance, and Captain Medlyn presided. The secretary (Private A. Wharton) presented the report. It showed that a new firing range had been secured through the exertions of Lieutenant Daniels, The income was £3614s. lid., against £36 7s. Dd. im. the previous year. There had been two prize meetings and one practice match held, the total amount given in prizes being £39 6s., inclusive of two gold medals pre sented by the Mayor of Hindmarsh (Dr. Rees), Thanks were due to the mayor (Dr..Rees), Dr. Stewart, Messrs. P. E. Bucknall, M.P., A. Harvey, M.P., and others for their liberality in contributing towards the funds of the club. The number of members on the roll was 46, Two matches had been fired with L Company, the first being won by 35jpoints and the second by 33; points by the Hindmarsh club.. The system adopted of giving choice of cash or a trophy to winning members had caused satis faction. Arrangements had been made with Sergeant Arnold' for the distribution of ammunition for practice. The election of officers resulted as follows: — Patrons, Mr. E. E. Bucknall, M.P., Mr. A. Harvey, M.P., the Mayor of Hind marsh (Dr. Rees), Dr.. Stewart,. Captain King,, of the Reserve,, and Messrs. W. K. SimmB and A. Ware (subject to their consent); president, Captain T.. E. Medlyn; vice-presi dents,. Lieutenants J. Daniels and G. G. Legoe; committee, Color-sergeant O, Har grave, Sergeants Arnold, Wilson, and Black more, Lance-corporal Breynard, Privates Cameron, Denny, Greenwood, A. Wharton, and Woodrowe; secretary, Private A. Wharton; assistant secretary, Sergeant Blackman; treasurer, Sergeant Arnold, An advertisement in another column asks the ladies and gentlemen assisting in the Hobby benefit concert to attend at.the Port Adelaide-town hall this-even ing. The half-yearly meeting of the Coast Steamship Company will be held at the company's office, Port Adelaide, this afternoon. On Thursday evening a public temperance meeting was held in the Baptist lecture-hall, Young-street, Parkside, in connection with the Victoria Tent, No. 24, I.O.R. There was a fair attendance. P.C.E. Bro. Marshall presided-. Bro. Townley gave a prac tical address upon the work they-had to do, and Bro. W. W. ,Winwcod, P.D.C.K., spoke particularly to the juveniles-upon-the evil- effeets of- intemperance. The meeting was enlivened by solos,-by Bro; Courdrcy, and choruses by the juveniles, Bro. Courdrey, sen., presiding at the organ. The Victoria Tent now num bers 42 members, and it is intended-to at once institute a juvenile and a female tent.in Parkside. ' 