DISTRICT NEWS. GR0NG GR0NG. WEDNESDAY. December I. (FROM A TRAVELLING CORRESPONDENT.) I rode into G-rong Grong on Friday evening, and a casual glance at the surroundings revealed nothing unusual beyond the dry condition of the grass—a very natural feature at this season of the year. This dryness and heat combined, however, must have been excessive when we consider that about 18 acres of crop (Mr. G. Davis's) were burned on tbe 24th November, and only for the prompt alacrity displayed by Mr. Bear's men a far greater loss would have to be recorded. I was pleased to observe that the movement set on foot for,theestablishment of a provisional school at Devlin's Biding has been successful, inasmuch as Mr. Surveyor Garland recently laid out fiveacres of ground for school purposes Mr, Smith, the owner of Conqueror, civilly invited me to tarry, but having business a little further north I elected to visit him on the following morning. Accordingly I proceeded to Mr. Durnane's, and, walking round the well-kept garden, noted with satisfaction the presence of many home favorites—raspberries, gooseberries, strawberries, &c;„ &c;, The former of these are growing luxuriantly, and I do not remember in the Wagga district having ever seen so great a show of fruit. Here, as in many other places, much dissatisfaction is expressed with the railway regulations which debar settler from returning from Narandera on a Saturday, while the excursion fares, which enable him to visit this neighbouring town on Wednesday, land him on a day when the stores are mostly closed. The loss of Monday's and Friday's mails is a very serious one along this line. A severe thunderstorm passed over here on Monday night, 29th ultimo, travelling in au easterly direction, and, strange to say, rendering the weather a trifle more unbearable than it Was before. The larger portion of the hay crop is now garnered, and in nearly every instance will yield upwards of a ton to the acre. Eecent rains have retarded the growth and ripening of the wheat, and the contingencies of bush-fires, which so recently threatened us, have now been reduced to a minimum. 