AUSTiRACIA4 TALES M9 ADVEHTURES. "MY H ER 0S YDT noT. P. W5TwWOnT. " Tell you a story boys," said old Jack Hall one fioe moonlight night, as we eat smoking outside the shearing shed on old Wilson's station on the Wimmera. "Oh, yes, I'll tell you a story. You see that black boy I've got following me round. Why. he's the smartest boy with horses this side of the Maneroo, and that's saying a good deal; and what's more, the young beggar's kind with 'cm, which, for one of his breed, is somewhat singular. However, that's neither here nor there, and has nothing, though he himself has, to do with myyarn. A good many years since, fourteen or fifteen maybe, I was timber getting in the Richmond River district up on the north coast of New South Wales, and we'd struck a rich piece of cedar brush on Emigrant Creek, a goodish sized stream on the north side of the river, and about thirty miles from the sea. It was summer, about the middle of Janu ary I think, and it was hot, oh, so hot. Down here you've no idea of the heat on those swamps; the heat, that terrible moist beat, that brings up a kind of thick dense over powering mist from the low lying country round, a country which is one big lagoon in the wet season, and a damp, dank, evil-smell ing morass in the dry, the very hot-bed of fever and shivering ague, to say nothing of rheumatics; and then the mosquitos--pbew I -nothing like 'em I ever saw, unless it was at Hexham, opposite Ash Island, on the Hunter River, where they call'em gallinippers, and a very appropriate name too, I think, for in the way of gallying you, and nipping you, they are terrors, and no mistake. We were a party of six, we'd been at work in the neighbourhood for about four months, and had got as fine a lot of first class timber stacked as you could wish for, and were beginning to think of railfting it down to Ballina, where it could be shipped by the schooners and other craft in the timber-trade for Sydney or where not else. The stuff was stacked on the riverside, near the camp, which was in a little flat under the rise of a sloping hill covered with tea tree scrub and thick undergrowth. Oh, it was hot, hot, hot. The very air was quivering with the heat, and the little westerly wind that we had was blowing from the plains beyond the ranges, as if it had been the breath out of a fiery furnace. We could not work, we didn't try to, we lay in such shadow as we could find, smoking, and wishing for the decline of the sun that shone above us in the heavens like a huge red burning ball. The silly birds had sought the covert of such leafage as they could find, the iguanas had sheltered themselves under the grey sandstone rocks, the very cicadas in the trees were too weary to keep up their chirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. Our camp consisted of a slab and bark men's hut, and another smaller hut need as a sleeping place and kind of oflice by the boss. It was on a little back-water of the creek, which was about a quarter of a mile away, and we had cleared a belt of maybe twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this was grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flame up like tinder if you gave it the chance. The spot had been a blackfellow's camp, but the niggers had shifted away a mile or two when we came, to some scrub on the other side of the hill. We had had a little trouble with the beggars at first, for they were awful thieves, but the boss was not a man to stand much nonsense, and a few smart larruppings had taught them that the " white fellow" and his belongings were best left alone. There had been heavy bush-fires in the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Clarence, and at night the whole side of the range for miles used to glow like a vast .wall of lurid flame against the black pall of thick smoke that rose from the burning bush beyond. Still we felt safe enougb, for the wide and deep Richmond riverand swampslay between us and the fire, and we were well sheltered from the strong westerly winds by the ranges themselves. It was one afternoon, about two o'clock, when Sandfly-so we called a half-caste boy we had with us--came to me, as I lay on a bench in the shade of a hut, half- asleep, and rousing me up, said in hurried and frightened accents: "You, Jack Hall, make a light, big one fire sit down 'tother side along o' hill, murry quick that fella come, my word." That woke me up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a start, I looked in the direction be indicated. There it was, sure enoogh. Rising from the other side of the slight eminence which shut us in on the west, was a dense volume of dark smoke which told its own tale, too surely. ,The fire, by some means, had taken possession of the dried up open bush, and, impelled by the light hot wind, was coming rapidly in our direction. -The rest of our party, Jim Stack, Cuarly, Dutch Fred, and Tom Bowman were in the hut, endeavouring to forget the trying heat in an engrossing game of Euchre. The boss had gone away the day before to look after another party higher up the river, between us and Mount Leslie, and was expected back that afternoon. In less time than it takes to tell, the boys were out, the slip panels were down, and the bullocks and horses, smelling the acrid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their natural instinct, stampeded for the lower swamps, where they knew they were safe. Fight fire with fire. That is the only way to fight fire, We all of us, as old bushmen, knew that well enough, and therefore pro. pared to meet the foe that would soon sweep down on us, by burning off the crisp dried grass in our belt of clearing, and beating it out on the inner side of the ring with branches of the greenest brushwood we could find, for if the fire once caught the parched bush inside, not only our camp, but the piles of timber, the proceeds of our four months labor, worth a couple of thousand pounds or so, would be swept away like matchwood,and we, even if we escaped with our lives, should have to take shelter in the mosquito infected swamps. Even as we were spreading ourselves to meet the fire along our western boundary, we saw the boss, spurring as it for dear life, top the ridge on his sweat lathbered mare, and, totally regardless of tracks, or of rocks or fallen timber, riding towards nus at a break neck pace. " Good lade," be shouted, as he threw him self from his reeking animal, and saw as ready for the coming struggle, "good lads. I've had a tough job to head the flames. The black beggars out yonder have fired the scrub, confound 'em, and in a few minutes the whole of this side of the country will be in a blaze. Cattlein the swamps? Good. Now then, three this way, three that. Keep it baek all you can, and stamp it out as you As he spoke, the smoke came rolling in heavy clouds on the top of the rise, envelop. infog us in its thick acrid folds, and the crackle of the burning shrubbery and the rumble of the devouring flames ounded louder and uear eery inrstat. Already eoru of kangaroo and wallaby blundered past as in mad terror likeo grey shadows, and thousands of cockatoos and other birds flew screaming overhead, or dropped suffocated by the smoke. Already the fiery tongues of flame could be seen shooting upward among the tail timber beyond the rielge, and we, b!ackened, be grimed, singed, parched with thirst, and dripping with parepiration, stood ready to meet the onset of the enemy at his naresot attacking point. Wea had fired our safety belt, and stooe, we and our property, within a rina fence as it were, of blackened ashes, comparatively safe. The flat beyond us was almost devoid of timber, and the underbrush was very sparee, so that, beyond a few clnrrps of ti.trlec and mimosa, close to the outer edge ol our ring, it had not taken fire, and ou: cnergies were now directel to spreading the flames in that direction, so as to meet the approaching con flagration. The sky, or rather the smoke rack over. I head, was of a dull lurid hue, and the roar of the flames was appalling. Next me, and working like one possessed, was Tom Bowman, one of the biggest rips in the whole country aide. Loud-mouthed, blasphemous, drunken, profligate Tom Dow. man, whose name was a synonym for all a that was blackguardly and disreputable. We cedar cutters were, as you may readily im agine, none of us particularly respectable as the word is generally understood, but even we, the worst of us, conceded the proud pre emince in wickedness to Tom Bowmen. Ho was, in fact, what is commonly known as "a hard case." Of his antecedents we knew no. thing, save that he had at one time been s second mate of a collier, and, to tell the truth, nobody cared much to ask, for although not exactly of a quarrelsome disposition, with I him it was a word and a blow, and, as the I saying goes, the blow frequently came first. As I said, we were busy firing the ontly ing scrub, Tom next to me, and had al ready got a narrow belt of it into a blaze. when a sudden ejaculation from Tom caused t me to look where he pointed. On the very crown of the ridge, blinded by the smoke and dazed by the infernal din be hind her, was a black gin, bearing a burden (we could not see what) in her arms, and staggering onward over the broken ground down the side of the hill. Terror lent her strength, but even that could not cope with the pitiless foe in her rear. With a swish and a roar, the fierce flamra swept over the ridge, licking up the scant herbage and the dried up brushwood, and running like fiery serpents up the trees that stood in their on. ward path." Fast as the poor creature flew, they flew faster, and, with groans of com miseration, we saw that in a few momentr she must fall a victim to their resistahs power. I saw Tom clench his hands. Isw his lips quiver nervously, his eyes glisten with a mar. vellous light, and the next instant, with an oath so terrible that I don't like to repeat it, he shouted: "I can't stand this, to see a woman roasted before my eyes, and not raise a hand to try to save her. No, not Tom Bowman." And, with a leap like that of a deer, he dashed through the burning bush, and darted forward to meet her. We saw his intent. It was to reach her ere the fire overtook her, and, if he could, either carry or drag her within the burnt up space. , But it was notto be. He was not a dozen yards from her when, blinded, suffocated, ex. hausted, she staggered, recovcred herself but i for an instant, tottered, fell, even on the very edge of the charred and smoulderingring,and the next instant the flames had lapped her in their fiery tongues. We, that is, the boss, myself, and Dutch Fred, had followed Tom in his mad race. When we reached him, the fire had parted, and he stood pensively gazing downward at a the poor creature whose life he had striven so hard and so nobly to preserve. BI lackened with smoke and begrimed with the falling flakes of charred wood and leaves, scarred and blistered by the fervent l heat, his hair, beard, and eyebrows singed off, his clothing burnt and torn to rags, and his very boots shrivelled on his feet, he stood e silent, sorrowful. At last he spoke. " Mates," he said-and it was in a won derfully oIft, sad voice, and almost apolo. gelically-'- I done what I could. I tried to save the poor thing, but I couldn't. I done what I could." She lay, face downward, partly enveloped Sin a shbrivelled. up 'possum rug, and silently Swe turned her over to look at her face. She was quite young-not more than eighteen, and, clasped" to her bosom with a convulsive clutch, was a bundle wrapped in a piece of old r blanket. S"By thundcr I" ejaculated Tom, " it's a t bobby she has. Blame me, if it ain't a pio caninny." It was even so. The hapless girl had a evidently been absent from the camp when the blacks had set the bush alight, had been surprised by the fire, and had fled before it,. And, when unable to go further, and over a taken by the flames, she had covered up the little one with her body, and Eo saved its life. • Some folks say that blacbs have no souls. I don't believe it. Others say they have no i feelings or natural affection. I don't believe p that either. Here, at all events, was a proof of maternal love, and of maternal instinct, strong in death. IHad she secrificed her child to her own safety, had she thrown it e down in her mad race for life, the chances tare that she would have reached our haven a of refuge. But no, ohs loved her baby boy with the unspeakable depth of a mother's s love, and she had given her life for his. k We buried her where she lay, and Tom o adopted the baby. S "Mates," he said, in a husky voice, "I tried my best to save the mother, and failed. I'll take the kid, and do the fair thing by ° him." And ha did. He kept him till he died, three years since. Gored by a wild cow he was, out aIudgeo way. I was metes withhim at the time. eleft h youngster to me,and I've had him ever lnece. S That's my story. And I say this, that t Tom Bowman, standing there ovcr that poor - h girl as ho did ; reorched, blackened, bleeding, d blistered, was a true hero. At any rate, he d sans my hero. Pocr Tom. RFwdy, ramping, a ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fighting STom. In the black list against him there r will be at least one big, white, shining mark, d for we are told in the good Book what One, d whose name I don't care to mention in a d yarn, said of a certain big sinner; and the same may be said of Tom-" Hie done what She could." p location is often valued, not for itself, , but merely as a stepping.stone to wealth. r We give it to the young, and they take it not so much that they may become through it better, nobler, happier, and more useful men and women, as they may gain the power of Srising from a lower to a higher station, from Spoverty to mediocrity, or from mediocrity to Swealth. Thus the education that fits them only to adorn a humble position happily and Scontentedly, instead of cultivating ambitions a longings, that cherishes health and strength of body and fills the mind with resources for Sits own activity and power for its own development, without any direct reference to amassing a fortune, is too often neglected for narrower and shallower instruction. Is not the mind more than the purse? Shall we sell the one to fill the other, or shall weratheor spend freely of our gold to build up the intel. 1 leot. to cultivate the taste, to fortify the g prinoiplel " 490 