? II H BY BOBT. P. WHITWOIITH. " Tell you a story boys," said old Jack Hall one fiae moonlight night, as we sat smoking outside.the shearing shed on old Wilson's station on the Wimmera. " Oh, yes, I'll tell you a "story. You' Bee that bl&ck; boy I've got following me round. Why, he's the smartest boy "Trith horses'this Bide of the Maneroo, andih&t;'s saying a good deal; and what'B more, the young beggar's kind with 'em,.which, for one of his breed, is somewhat singular. However, that's neither here nor there, and has nothing, though he himself has, to do with my yarn. ' A good many years sines, fourteen or fifteen maybe, I was timber getting in the Bichmond Rivar district op on the north coast of New South Wales, and we'd stnioka rich piece of cedar brush on Emigrant Creek., a goodish sized stream .on the north ^ side of the river, and about thirty, miles from the sea. It was summer, about the middle of January I thyik, and it was hot, oh, BO hot. Down here you've no idea of the heat on. those swamps; the best, that" terrible moist heat, that brings up a jtind of thick dense overpowering mist from the low lying' countty round, a country whioh is one big lagoon in the wet season, and a damp, dank, evil-smelling morass in the dry, the very hot - -bed of fever and shivering ague, to say< nothing of rheumatics; and then the mosquitoes—phew! —nothing like 'em I ever saw, unless it was at. Hexham, opposite Ash Island, on the Hunter Biver, where they call 'em gallinippers, and a very appropriate name too, I think, for In the way of ^allying you, and sippisg yon, they are terrors, and no mistake. < We were a party Of six, we'd been 8t work in the neighbourhood for about fonr months, 8nd had got as fine a lot of first-class timber stacked as yon could wish for, and were beginning to think of rafting it down to Ballina, where it eould be shipped by jthe Bohooners and other craft in the timber-trade for Sydney or where not else. The etuil was stacked: on the river-side, sear the camp, which was in a little flat under, the rise of a eloping hill covered with tea tree scrub asd thick undergrowth. ; , .Qh,it was hot, hot, hot. The very air was quivering- with the heat, and the- little westerly wind that we had was blowing from the plains beyond the ranges, as if it had been the breath out of a-fiery.furnace, \- We could not work, we didn't try to, we lay in gpoh shadow as we could firi<l, smoking, -and wishing for the decline of the Bnn that shone above us>in the J^vens like a huge red burning ball. (The silly birds had soughirthe covert of suc]i leafage aB they coiild find, the iguanas had sheltered themselves under the grey .randstonecrocks, the very cicadas in the trees were too' wear/ to keep "tip their chirps, and, in fact, all nature was asleep. Oar gamp consisted' of a slab and bark men's hut, , and another smaller hut naed,as a deeping place and kind ot office by the boss. It was on a little back-water of the creek, which was about a quarter of a mile away, and we had cleared a belt of maybe twenty feet wide all round it, for fear of fire, although this was grown over with brown burnt up grass that would flame np like tinder if you gave it the chance. The spot had been a blackfellow's camp, but the niggers had shifted away a mile or two when we oame, to some scrub on the other Bide of the hiO. -We had had a little trouble with the beggars atrfirst, for they were awful thieves, but the boss was not a mas to Btasd much sossense, and a few smart larrnppings had taught them that the " white fellow" and bis belongings were best left alone. There had been heavy bush-fires tn the ranges to the westward, toward the head of the Clarence, and at night the whole side of the range for miles used to glow like a vast wall of lurid flame against the black pall of thick smoke that rose from the burning bush beyond. Still we felt safe enough, for the wide and deep Bichmond riverand ewampslay between ns and the fire, and we were, well sheltered from the strong westerly windR by the ranges themselves. It was one afternoon, about two o'clook, when Sandfly—so we called a half- caste boy we iiad with us—came to me, as I lay on a bench in the shade of a hut, half-asleep, ^and rousing me up, said in hurried and frightened accents: . " Yon, Jack Hall, make a light, big. one fire sit down 'tother side along o' hill, murry quick that fella come, my word." • •• That woke me up in a hurry, you may bet, and jumping up with a start, I looked in the direction he indicated. " There it was, sure enough. Bising from the other side of the Blight eminence which shut us in on the west, was a dense volume of dark smoke which told its own tale, too surdy. tThe fire, by Bome means, had taken possession of the dried np open bush, and, impelled by the light hot wind, was coming rapidly in our direation. * The rest of our party, Jim Stack, Curly, Dutoh Fred, and Tom Bowman were in the hut, endeavouring to forget the trying heat in an-engrossing game of Euchre. The boss had gone away the day before to look after another party higher np the river, between us and Mount Leslie, and was expected baok that afternoon. In less time than it takes to tell, the boys were out, the slip panels were down, and the bullocks and horses, smelling the acrid aroma of the burning bush, had, led by their natural instinot, stampeded for the lower BwampB, where they knew they were safe. Fight fire with fire. That is the only way to fight fire. We all of ns, as old bushmen, knew that well enough, and therefore prepared to meet the* foe that would soon sweep down on us, by burning off the crisp dried grass in our belt of clearing, and beating it out on the inner Bide of the ring with branches of the greenest brushwood we could find, for if the fire once caught the parohed bush inside, not only our camp, but the pile' of timber, the proceeds of our four months labor, worth a couple of thonsand pounds or BO, would be swept away like matohwood,and we, even if we escaped with our lives, should have to take shelter is the mosquito infected swamps. Even as we were spreading ourselves to meet the fire along our western boundary, we saw the bos"s, spurring as if for dear life, top the ridge on his sweat lathered mare, and, totally regardless, of tracks, or of rocks or fallen timber, riding towards us at a breakseek pace. " Good lads," ha shouted, as he thre w himself from his reeking animal, and saw us Teadyfor the coming struggle, "good lads, • I've had a tough job to head the flames. The black beggars out'yonderhave fired thesopb, confound 'em, affd in a few minutes the s whole of this side of the country will be in a blaze. Cattle in the Bwamps ? Good. Now then, three this way, three that. Keep it back all you can, and stamp it out as' you £0." As he. spoke, the smoke oame rolling - in ' heavy clouds on the top of the rise, enveloping us in its thick acrid foldg, arid the crackle of the burning shrubbery and the ramble of the devouring 'flames sounded londer and nearer every instant. Already mtee vt kangaroo and wallaby blundered past us in mad terror like grey.shadows, and thousands of cockatoos and other bfeds .flew screaming overhead, or dropped suffocated by the smoke. Already the fiery tongaes of flame ..could be seen.shooting upward among the tall timber beyosd the ridge, ahd we, blackened, begrimed, singed, parched with thirst, and dripping with perspiration, stood ready to meet the onset of the enemy at his nearest attacking point. ' £ We had fired our B&fety; belt, and stood, we and our property, within a ring fence as it were, of blackened ashes, comparatively safe. The flat beyond U3 was almost devoid of timber, and the underbrush was very sparse, so that, beyond a few clumps of ti-tiees and mimosa, elose to the outer edge of our ring, it had not taken fire, and our energies were now directed to spreading the Sames in that direction, BO as to meet the approaching conflagration. The sky, or rather the smoke rack over- - head, Was ofa dull lurid hue, and the roar of £be flames was appalling. Next me, and working like, one possessed, was Tom Bowman, one of the biggest rips is the whole country side. Lbsd-jhoutfeed, blasphemous, drunken, profligate Tom Bowman, whose name was a synonym for all that was blackguardly and disreputable.. We cedar cutters were, as you may readily imagine, none of SB particularly respectable sa the word Is generally understood, but even we, the worst of ns, conceded the proud poseemince in wickedness to IJom Bowman. Be was, in fact, what is commonly known as "a hard case." Of his antecedents we knew no- ' thing, save that he had-at one time'been second mate of a collier, and, to'tell the truth, nobody oarad muoh to ask, for although sot exactly of a quarrelsome disposition, with him it wise a word and a blow, and, as the saying goes, the blow frequently came first. As I said, we were busy firing the outlying scrub, Tom s«xt to me, and had already got a narrow belt of it into a blaze, when a sudden ejaculation from Tom oanBed - me to look where he pointed. On the very crown of the ridge, blinded by the smoke and dazed by ihe infernal din hebind her, was a black gin, bearing a harden (we could not see what) in her >arms, arid . staggering onward over the brakes gtodnd down the side of the hill.. Terror lent her strength, bnt even that could not cope with the pitiless foe in her rear. - Wifti a swish and a roar, the fierce flames swept over the ridge, licking up the scant herbage and the dried up brushwood, and running like fiery serpents np the trees that stood in their onward path. .Fast as the peor creators flew, they flew faster, and, with- groans of commiseration, we saw that in a few: moment] She must fall a victim \to '.their resistlfsi power. I saw Tom clelsoh hishands. Isaw his lips quiver nervously, his eyes glisten with a marvellous light/and the next instant, with an oath so terrible that I don't lifee to repeat-it, he shonted: ' - . , "J can't ctand this, to see a woman jroasted before m y eyes, ancl not raise a-hand •to try to save her. No, not Tom Bowman." And, with a leap like that of a deer, he dashed through ihe buraing bush, and darted r forward to meet her. " • We saw his intent. it was to .reach her ;ere the fire overtook her, and, if he oould, either carry- or drag her within the borst.np space. „ e •' - • But it was sot to be. He was not a dozes -yards from her when, blinded, suffocated, exhausted, she staggered, recovered herself hut for an instant, tottered, fell, e^en on the very edge of the charred and smouldering ring, and the next instant the flames had lapped her in their fiery tongues. . "We, that is, the boss, myself, and Dutch Fred, had followed. Tom is his mad race. When we reached him, the fire had parted, and he stood pensively gazing downward at the poor creature whose life he had strives so. hard and so nobly to pieserve. Blackened vrith smoke and begrimed with the falling flakes of charred wood and "leaves, scarred and blistered by the fervent heat, his hair, beard, and eyebrows singed off, his clothing burnt and tors to rags,-asd his very boots shrivelled jon his feet, he stood silent, sorrowful.. At-iast he epoke. * ^ " MatM3'' Jie ifaid--and it wis in a won- ;aerfaHy soft; sad. voice, and almost apologetibally—«• I done what I could. I fried to eave the poor thing, but I couldn't. Tdone what I could." She lay, face downward, partly enveloped m a shrivellednp 'posEum rug, ai\d silently we tesed her «per to look at her face. She quite yonng—not more than eighteen, and, clasped to her bosom with a convulsive clutch, was a bundle wrapped in a piece of old blanket.- "By thunder 1" ejaculated Ton?,« it's a babby she has. Blame me, if it ain't a piccaninny." \- It was even so. The hapIesB girl had evidently beehiabsent from the oamp .-when the blacks had Bet tbe bush alight, had been surprised by the fire, and had fled before it. And, when unable to go further, and. overtaken by the flames, die had oovered up the little one with her body, and so saved its ' life. Some folks say that blacks have ho souls. I don't believe it. Others say they have no feelings or natural affeotion. I don't believe that either. Here, at all events, was a proof of maternal love, and of maternal instinct, strong in death. Had she sacrificed her child to her own safety, had she thrown it down in her mad race for life, the tihasoes are that she would have reaohed our haven of refuge. But no, she loved her baby boy with the unspeakable depth of a mother's * love, and she had given her life for hiB, W< baried her where she lay, and Tom adopted the baby. " Mates," he said, in a hnsky voiee, «I tried my best t« save the mother, and failed. ' Pll take the kid, asd do the fair thing by And ha did. He kept him tin he died, three years sines. Gored by a wUd cow he was,outMudgeeway. I was mates with him at the time.. He left the youngster to me.and I've had him ever sisoe. That's my story. And I Bay this, that Tom Bowman, standing there overthat pobr girl as he did; seorehed, blackened, bleeding. blistered, was a true hero. At any rateThe was my hero. Poor Tom. Bawdy, nmiplng, ignorant, tearing, swearing, drinking, fighting Tom. Iu the black list against hfcrtherf will be at least one big, white, shining mart, for we are told in the good Book what One whose name I dos't care to mention is a yarn, said of a certain big sinner; ahd the same may be said of Tom—« He done what he could. i' ——-———_j Education is often valued, "not for itself but merely as a stepping-stone to wealth' We give it to the young, and they take it sot eo much that they may become through it better, nobler, happier, and" mocalnseful sien and women, aB they may gain the power of rising from a lower to a higher station, from poverty, tp mediocrity, or from mediocritv to wealth. Thus the education that Jfits them only to adorn a humble position happily ma ontentedly, instead^of csltivating ambitious longings, that_oherishes health and strength of body and fills the tnind with resources for its ows- activity asd power for its own development, without any direct reference to amassing a fortune, is too often neglected for narrower and shallower instruction. Is Sot the mind more than the purse ? .Shall WA sell thei one tofill the other, «diall werather spend freely of our gold to haild up the «tdleot. to cultivate Ihe taste, to fortify the principles! ^ * ? 