Camperdown Chronicle. WEDNESDAY, JULY 28, 1886. It is interesting to note the difference in the treatment meted out by our pre sumably democratic Governments to various communities. The require ments of thickly populntcel towns are promptly attended to, whilst the re quests of the thinly settletl districts nre, whenever the opportunity is given, quietly ignored. Thcro is no more glaring instance of this than in connec tion with the Education Department. Certainly, as far as Camperdown. is concerned, there cannot Iks any com plaint now, as the Government are making amplo amends for former neglect, by authorising the erection of a building which, in addition to pro viding ample accommodation for years to come, will be a decided ornament to the town. But applications from more remote, nnd, perhaps, less favored tlis tricts, do not receive the attention they deserve. \Ve have had brought under onr notice one exse in which tlie Department has seemingly acted iv a harsh and nrbitrary spirit. The case in jioint is the Narogliid State school. Tho School Hoard of Art vice, liacked up by the residents in the neighliorhood of the school, have made repented appli cations to tlie Education Department to have the school site fenced in. At first the requests met with no nnswer beyond the mere acknowledgment of the letter, and subsequently, we under stand, a reply in the negative was given. A little judicious " prodding " on tho part of the Parliamentary representatives, at length succeeded iv eliciting the grudging response that the fencing would be proceeded with ou the usual conditions, viz., that the parents of the children should bear half the cost. And yet our national system of education is supposed to be free. If the parents derived any direct benefit from fencing in the ground, there might be some reasonable excuse for calling on them to bear half the cost. But so far from such being the case it can lie shown that the Department would be considerably the gainer. In the metropolis and other centres of population, the Government have got into the way of building palace like structures for educational purposes. The buildings are suit ably enclosed, in instances with expen sive ornamental fences, and yet, as far as we nre awnre, tho parents of the children attending these establish ments arc not called upon to assist in defraying the cost. It is difficult then to understand why the country people lire treated differ ently,- and if it is the recognised custom, then the public should strongly protest against its continuance. If it is the duty of the Government to erect buildings for educational purposes, it is equally incumbent upon them to take necessary precautions to protect them. An unfenced building is neces- sarily a greater risk than one which is suitably enclosed, and on grounds of economy alone, the Education Depart- ment is bound to see that every structure under its control is suitably protected by a fence from outside interference. It was the want of forethought that brought about the destruction of one of the State schools in the Heytesbury Forest, by the bushfires of January 5th, 1886, and in other respects the depart- ment will be the sufferer if it counten- ances unfenced buildings. There is no doubt that the children are benefitted in a case where there is a fence around the State school building; but their convenience cannot be fairly used by the department as a plea for getting out of a just responsibility. 