TBE BARCOO. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) I The weather has once more proved as fickle as Dame Fortnnr. The clouded skies of past week foreshadowed rain, especially in Barcal- dine and neighbourhood, butthe clouds cleared away again in a most tantalising manner after showering on Saturday night to the ex- tent of one point. The clouds appeared very heavy in the direction of Home Creek and Barcaldine Station, and I should not be sur- prised to learn that a good downpour waa recorded at those pisces. Yesterday fine cold weather set in with a southerly breeze. Tracking is still being carried on energetic- ally from the railway terminus. Last week 5331 sheep were forwarded by Messrs. Sher- wood and Eccles, for the Union Mortgage and Agency Co., Rockhampton. Business haa'been fairly brisk during the week, owing to the arrival of wool teams, not less than 690 bales of wool being received ; of this amount 443 bales were unloaded and despatched on the 13th. The first of the Coreena clip arrived in town on Saturday ; the first consignment of Barcaldine sud Rodney Downs clips also arrived during the early part of the week. Although uploading comes forward slowly, the forwarding agents consider they have had a good week's business. Among the quanti- ties despatched I may mention 43 tons of sup- plies for shearing for Evesham Station. Blackall loading continues to go from Jericho in large quantities, some 20 tons having been despatched during this week to Blaokall storekeepers by Mick; Nesbit, Charlie Mills, Collins, and Elliot. I learn from Jundah that the river has only now gone down sufficient to admit of traffic with Windorah and the far West being re- sumed. At Windorah a ten weeks' mail, weighing lOowt. 171b., was received last week, causing as much jubilation as the famished! place would admit of. A few weeks ago the outlook was iodeed serious; the atores were out of rations, and the demands of the neigh- bouring stations could not be met. A store- keeper named Williamson was struck by a happy thought, and with three others took the Government boat from " the crossing," nine ( mileB I rom Windorah, and in five days the I thirty miles between Windorah and Jundah were negotiated. The craft was laden with ' two tons of rations, and with its too heavy load the return journey waa ventured upon early one morning. Only twelve mQeahad been traversed when the boat foundered, and the much needed supplies went to the bottom of the Thompson, and the " cáptala " and his " crew " had a fight for their lives. They however, fortunately, got ashore safely. Teams that have been stuck up for months are no w commenced to move. The Thompson, bas never been known to keep in flood for such a lengthy period before. It is announced in Blackall that Messrs. Smith and Niall, of Delta 8tation, have pur- ? chased Evora, the adjoining ron, ? from - Messrs. Goldsborough and Co., the mort- gagees. Shearing at Bowen Downs ii to commence on July 1st. Tambo Station starts directly at Union rates; £1 per score ; the wool down has also been contracted for at the Carrier's Union price, viz. : £4 3s. 4d. per ton. . It was rumoured in town on Sunday that the fOuseabouts at Barcaldine threaten another strike. Verily a station manager's lot is not always a happy one, A little ex- citement lately occurred at Aramac Station owing to the rouseabouts striking for an in- crease in wages from 4s. a day (Wet days ex- cluded) to 30s. a week. The manager offered 25s. per week, at which rate a minority offered to resume work. The majority, however, held away, and the consequence was a temporary cessation of work, and a visit to the Aramac Police Court, where Major Lewis fined one of the discontent* £10 for breach of agreement, «nd ordered a forfeiture of wages due in the case of the others. The shearing was theu resumed as speedily as the construction of the last sec- tion of the Central Railway, and the station will probably " cut out" this week. Numbers of men are travelling about the district in search of work, and some distress is preva- lent, but many of the unemployed would rather starve than accept the old rates of "4s. a day, wet days no pay." Several bush fires are noticeable eveiy evening in the direction Coreena. With so much long grass about, travellers ehould be pareful to extinguish their fires before leaving them, and also be cautious in the use of matches ; a castaway match has caused many thousand pounde' worth ol damage ere now. The hay harvest is in full swing; in Barcaldine; huge ricks might be seen in nearly every one's backyard, thanks to the liberality of neighbouring pas- toral lessees. We are anxiously awaiting the Ministerial visit. Thc last "dog" in the section was driven on Friday, and the lin« is now com- pleted for twelve miles beyond Barcaldine. The question that now agitates the public mind now is : " Will the Government allow twnlvc miles of line (which cost some £20,000), to remain idle?" The Progress Association is up and doing in the matter. A full meeting of committee was held yesterday morning, as a result of which a telegram was sent to Rockhampton to MesBrs. W. Miles and Macdonald Paterson in- quiring as to probable time of arrival, os the residents, of the youngest town in the colony were anxious to banquet them. A memo, was I received from the telegraph office last night Gtatingtheminietcrsweieoutlics.s. Glanworth, dueiu Rockhampton early on Wednesday morn- ing. This morning I learned that Mr. F. Cur now, Commissioner for Railways, would arrive at Bacaldine at 5 p.m. to-morrow, per special train. There was great sorrow at Aramac when George Porter, an old identity in the district, bid one and all farewell prior to his departure for a long spell south. George and family's departure is looked upon in the light of a national calamity ? he was foremost in sport, and in every good, work for the town ; but although leaving the district he presents a rich silver cup for competition at ensuing race meeting (to be called the "bon Cap") ai a momento. There are fe» people in the Barcoo district who value a man'i exertions on their behalf M those of Aramac. - The inhabi- tant remembered his kindly actions in many ways-school treats, picnics,' progress com- mittees, hospital committees) end last, but not least by a long way, in "spjirt. In passing through Barcaldine the lesrnjnalians gave Mr. Porter a champagne supper, and many . saw him depart by the 4 a.m. train. A Barcoo letter would be very far from complete were no allusions made to sporting -because all have got the " fever bad. Among "sports" the chief interest bas centred in the Tambo weights, Mr. Daw barn's handicapping beiug very freely criticised. There have been so many opinions expressed regarding them that I shall simply state they are thought generally to be very good and fair, and should result in large fields facing the starter. The Committee of the G.W.D.J.C. have resolved upon holding a ball upon the night of the first day's racing. An alteration bas been made in the Isisford Programme, dealt with by me last week, lie weight to be carried in the Merchants' Cup (Walter Reid's prize) has been raised from 12 st. to 14 st., and it is also notified that entries for the Farewell Flutter are to be open until the Graziers' Handicap has been decided.-The members of the Forest Grove 1 ( A rrilallah) Club met on the 4th, and resolved to hold a meeting the first week in July ; the programme is expected to be worth £250. At a meeting of the Aramac Jockey Club it was resolved to have a .inseting on the 22nd and 23rd of June. Th'e'fjrst day opens with a Maiden Plate worth £25, 1} mile; followed by a Corinthian Stakes, for amateurs, also 1^ miles, the stakes being £10 and Mr. Porter's " Don " Cup ; the third race is a Flying Handicap, 1 mile, £25 ; then a Selling Hack Race, £10, 10 st. up, winner to be sold for a "tenner;" the Town Plate, of £30, 1} miles, concluding the sport. On the second day the youngsters have a show in the Trial Stakes, § mile, worth £20 ; the Levia- than Stakes are for heavy weights, 13 st. up, 1 mile, £10 ; the big hsndicap, 2 miles, is only worth £60-rather a small figure for such an important Club as the Aramac one, but the intention is to provide a couple of dayB' genuine sport, rather than to cripple the Club and impoverish sportsmen by offering too large prizes : and then, again, there remains a small debt to wipe off. The members have another throw-in in the Welter Handicap, of £15, 1J miles ; the meeting winds up with the usual Consolation Stakes, free entrance, £15, 1} miles. The Club works ncder Q.T.C. Rules. Nominations close 26th May ; weights, 15th June; night of genera! eu try, 21st June. -The North Gregory (Winton) Jockey Club has a credit balance of over £300; new grandstand, paddocks, ftc., afc, consequently, to be erected. It is to be regretted the Club has elected to joia»the Northern Racing Association, as horses frpm Mutta- burra, Aramac, the Western and Railway Clubs are shut out from competing. Muob interest was taken at the meeting of the Cen- tral Railway Club, Barcaldine, on Tuesday night last. It was decided to hold a meeting on July 20th and 21st, at which ¡tis hoped to offer not less than £500 in prizes, exclusive of a fifteen-guinea cup presented by Mr. Shakespere, and a gift of £25, presented by Mr. Campbell on behalf of the Western Cham- pion. This makes the second gift to race clubs from the enterprising newspaper man this season. No programme was cut out at the meeting, but sub-committees were ap- pointed to canvass the town for subscriptions, arrange about fencing the racecourse, ¿fcc.; after which the meeting was adjourned to Monday, 2nd May, when a programme will be definitely arranged. Poor old Norman M'CuiBh, one of the oldest residents on the Barcoo, famed as a sheep classer, attempted to commit suicide at Delta Station on the 12th instant, by cutting his throat with a razor. M'CuiBh had hui wounds treated by the station hands, and was conveyed tc Alice railway station; from thence he was taken to Barcal- dine in charge of the police. M'Cuish has been very ill, suffering from fever, and was lately an inmate of Blackall Hospital. The unfortunate man has been brought before the Barcaldine Bench, and remanded. In all probability he will be sent in custody to Blackall Hospital by to-morrow's coach. The poor fellow is very ill, and fast breaking up. A blind man named Harrington, well-known in Queensland, and in past years, before his eyesight's became destroped by blight, was editor of the Palmer Chronicle, is in Barcal- dine, and last Thursday gave an entertain-. ment in the Social 'dall. On the previous Tuesday evening, Harrington went into a Chinese store with the object nf selling tickets for his lecture. He did not effect a sale. He asked the storekeeper to change a £1 note for him, abd the Chinaman thereupon handed him a paokage containing what he believed to to be half- crowns, but which subsequently turned out to be coppers. Harrington next day asked the little boy who acted as his guide to point out the store where the swindle was perpetrated. The youngster did so, with the result that a Chin unan waa arrested, and charged with obtaining money under false pretences. The ca IQ was heard at the Police Court on Friday, befere Me,sra. Campbell and Moody, J. P., and dismissed, there being no evidence to show that the Chinaman oefore the Court was the one guilty of the offence. . At the Barcaldine Licensing Court, special town licenses were granted to G. H. Lewis; George Long, and J. P. Vesper, allot Bar- caldine. Job Edg's license for the Barcaldine Hotel;' Isisford-road, was renewed,. Sud a billiard license te Geo. Gooch. At Blackall all the district licenses were granted save in case of James Craig, Universal Hotel, Blackall, which was refused on account of dirtiness of premises. About twenty members of the A.M.P. Society attended a meeting 'St Peel's Hotel, Barcaldine, oh Friday night, for the purpose of expressing an opinion upon the pension system. Mr. A. J. A. Moody ab'y filled the chair. After some disouBsion, it waa decided to oppose the system, and a committee was appointed to. draft a suitable letter to the Chairman of the Society embodying the reso- lutions arrived al. lt was shown that there were at least si^frolkyholoWat Barcaldine, representing £30,000. All present at the meeting decided to vote for Messrs. F. Lee, A. J. Kiley, and J. T. Walker, as directors. It is Btated that James Murdoch, lessee of tke Barcoo Hotel, Blackall, is about to run a through coach from Jericho to Isisford. An attempt will bc made to seenrea mail contract for the route. At last Blackall Land Court an application was approved for a grazing farm of 20,000 acres, resumed from Lorne Station, at an annual rental of 1 Jd. per acre. The improve- ments amounted to £720 13s. The Barcaldine State School buildings are nearly completed, aud will be opened as soon as a teaoher arrives. By the way, the Depart- ment are rather lax rc this matter. It appears a married man does not care to accept the position, owing to there being no teacher's residence provided. Something should be done in this direction. Heavy bushfires in the North West have been visible all the afternoon. The area covered by the flames must be considerable. The weather has suddenly changed, and is muggy, and the sky clouded-all in course of a couple of hours. April 19, 1887. " HAS prohibition proved a failure io your town ?" asked a gentleman of a man who bad just came down from the hills. " You bet it hain't. Wy, podner, we can get more licker now than we ever could before. No failure about that, is thar ?" TUE subject beiug taken in class was heathen mythology. The head governess waa questioning the young ladies about Io, the lovely priestess of Juno. "What did Io die of ?" asked the mistress. " I do not know," said the cleverest girl in the school,. " unless Io-dtdc of potassium." The naughty damsel had a heavy imposition to do that afternoon; " _ 