District Intelligence. COONAMBLE (Frum the Independent.) with 4800 sheep to Mr. P. McMahon, of Geamony for £4300. This estate i a most valuable one, being the pick of the country in that neighbourhood — Budgeon and Kialgra.. It is fully improved with fencing, woolshed, homestead buildings elc., and is well worth the money. We are glad to learn that although the Messr. Wood have sold their present holholdings, we ae not likely to lose these enterprising settlers, who will remain in thu district. We learn that Mr. R. Fisher, landlord o( the premises at present leased by Mr. Jobn Hassard, known a the Commercirl Hotel, has been purchased by Mr. Thos. Kelly, mail contractor, for £1,800. Some big selections were taken up on Thursday last, on Carwell run (Messrs Chambers and Co.) Wagga people are coming out this way looking for land,, the Coonamble district being preferred to any other. 1200 acres were also taken on Wonbobie holding, near Cow Corner, on the north side of the Carwelll, by Patrick Welsh. shearing will commence at Wingadee on the 28th, unless the late rains will cause a postpone ment. Mr. David Welsh is to have oharge of the shed. The splendid wool scouring plant at Bullarora will be in full swing also this year, and will be well worth a visit from anyone who is desirous of seeing it in working order. We under stand that Mr. Hall and his staff from Melbourne will have full charge of the sorting, washing, &c.; Mr. E P. Nowland has bought out Cobb & Co.'s line of coaches running between Coonamble andd Warren. Mr. Peacook has purchased froin Messrs, A. Tobin and Sons 20,000 sheep, off the shears, at a satisfactory price. Truly it never rains but it pours. During the ast week wo have alternate rain, frost and sunshine. The days are cold, and as we write, it is raining with every prospect of continuance. All fears of bushfires have boen set at rest. Tho long grass whioh is so abundant all over the district has got a good soaking , and a good undergrowth is spinging up everywhere. We have been informed by several owners of large sheep stations that they anticipate a good percentage of lambs this season, and tho best clip of wool that the district has known for many years. It is to be hoped these anticipations will be fully realised, for truly the district ws never in a more depressed condition in a financial sense than at present. The following selections were taken up on Thurs day last Conditional Purchases: Wm. Churchill, 640 acres, county Gregory, parish Gerwa; David Crotty, 500 acres, county (Gregory, parish Gerwa ; Patrick Welsh, 320 acre, county Ewenmar, parish Bullagreen. Conditional Leases : Wm. Churchill. 1920 aores, county Gregory, parish Gerwa ; David Crotty, 1.500 acres, county Gregory, parish Gerwa ; Patrick Welsh, 900 acre, oounty Ewenmar, parish Bullagreen. 