JINDERA. , . (FROM OVJE OWN COBBESPONDENT.) The local news for the last week or two has been of sufficient public interest to find a place in the general columns of the paper. With regard to the late fire at the Old Adelaide Hotel, no official inquiry has been held Tip to the present. Mr. Fisher, the Sydney agent for the Phoenix Fire Insurance Company, in which office Mr. Mansfield had his stock insured, arrived on the scene on Friday, and being con vinced that the affair was accidental, promptly effected a settlement by offering £225 out of £250, the amount of insurance, deducting £25 for goods saved. This amount will not cover the loss sustained, as our saddler had a large stock gathered together to meet the requirements of the coming busy time amongst his customers, besides a number of articles of furniture collected at various times with a view to making a start in double harness. It is understood that the shop will be started again as soon as possible. Great sympathy is felt for Mr. Mansfield, and alBO for Mr. Kieghran, -who only became the owner of the property a few months ago. Of course the busybodies shrug their shoulders, affect to be very wise, and throw the blame on somebody. They always do. Charity and other similar graces don't curb the tongue of the random talker. The Poke-yournose-into-other-people's-business Society is very large, and always ready for action, but when a smart officer like Mr. Skelton and an experienced insurance agent like Mr. Fisher consider it was an accident, it is time for the rest of UB to think so too. Mr. Keighran is understood to be insured for £150; a settlement not yet being effected as to the amount to be received. The summer seems to be upon us at last The heat is great, and the flies, though small, are very active. Haymaking has started, and if the present weather lasts, the harvest will be early. Rumors of bush-fires and quiet weddings reach us, but no snake yarns, and I do not hope, as another correspondent did, to have " something to Bay about snakes next week." He did not enlighten his readers as to whether he wished to see snakes, and snakes, and snakes, or hear of someone being bitten or frightened to death ; which reminds me that certain publican was asked for " snake-juice" a short time ago. Since then he has procured a couple of small specimens, which he has cured in gin, so that the next man who asks for that particular liquor can be supplied with ttic real thing. Nothing like being prepared to suit all customers! Jindera is exactly where it was last week. 