PLACES I EAVli VISITED. ? 9, ? WANNAKARRING. [By Bucolic] Wannakarring, the home of Mr. F. H. Monger, situate on the Hothan River, 75 miles from Perth, is one of the most in teresting of my visitations j interesting in somuch as showing how comparatively poor country covered with poison plant can be utilized and turned to psofi'-able account. Until about three Years aco. when this -nir-- perty came into Mr. Monger's possession, the country was used, or I might say un used, as the whole run was occupied by some twenty horses, and those did not always escape the effects of the dreaded pest, although horses are not nearly so liable to eat poison as are cattle or sheep. The Wannakarring run consists of 10,000 acres following the Valley of the Hotham, in which river there is abundance of permanent water. The country south of the river consists of light loamy soil timbered with white gum, also patches of dark sand, carry ing sluuted jarrah, whilst on the north side are some grassy hills of better soil, timbered with* white and red gum inter sected with blackboy vaHeys, and bold granite rocks. Mr. Monger at first tried the experiment of sheep-farming on this block in coniun^tion with some other run3 in the neighbourhood of the Williams, but he soon found that to be a very unprofitable undertaking — the cost of shepherds with .losses through poison and native-doga quite anticipating wool returns, whilst instead of increasing, he found his sheep rapidly de creasing ; therefore he resolvrcl to enclose his. run, clear off the poisor and keep only such sheep as could be. grazed in paddocks. He has now three paddocks,each over 1000 acres, securely fenced, with part top-rail and G-wires and the remainder seven wires, with stout white-gum posts. One paddock is entirely cleared of poison, whilst the other two will shortly be free of the obnoxious shrub. Mr. Monger first at tempted to clear the poison by grubbing, but found this a most costly method (about £0 per acre). The ground had to be gone over, frequently to take up young ahoots and seedlings, which added to the expense. Now, however, the proprietor has discover ed a chemical compound which he finds much more effective and very, much less costly. Thi3 preparation, which has, I understand, been patented, is applied to the base of the shrub, and at »nce takes effect, and in a few days the plant dies root and branch. The best results are obtained when a bush-fire has passed over the coun try, after the young plants shoot. In rainy weather, whilst the sap is rising, the remedy is not so speedy. I have no doubt but that Mr. Monger's discovery will be a ino3t valuable one for the colony, and trust that he may derive some recognition for his enterprise. In one of the before-mentioned paddocks I saw 1000 sheep which in point of condition and fletce compare very favor ably with shepherded flocks in the neigh bourhood. The ewes have just commenced lambing and are mothering well. So far native dogs have not given any trouble, but I fear that ultimately they will prove a source of anuoyance, owing to there being such an extent of vacant forest country to the westward. These sheep are of the usual type peculiar to the district, being cross-breds, giving a paying fleece of good useful wool. One hogget which had been paddocked last year cut 91bs. of wool off just 12 months' growth. The proprietor is now improving the strain with young rams from Mr. J. H. Monger's Daliak stud, and I feel sure that the result will repay him for the outlay. ' A few milch cows are kept for domestic purposes, but as he extends his paddocks Mr. Monger intends increasing, the herd,, and as the country is suitable for that description of stock this should be a step in the right direction. Twelve horses are kept for station use, and|are found to do very well in the paddocks when not at work. Agriculture is not followed beyond the growth of hay, a quantity of which is sold to travellers. I saw .a paddock of 100 acres, private property, which Mr. Monger intends bringing under cultivation. The timber on this block has been ring-barked, and it is intended to put a forest-devil to work this winter and pull the trees down. The dwelling house ^at Wannakarring is the best in the neighbourhood, being built of brick with shingle roof. It contains 9 rooms, with verandah back and front ; also a kitchen built of brick with galvanized iron roof. In the farmyard is a large hay shed, 70 x 20, roofed with iron. Inside of the building is a chaff-cutter driven by horse -power, which is now being used upon a splendid sample of hay. Adjoining the hay-shed is a new stable of seven stalls, in which I saw several usefiA animals. Mr. Monger's undertaking is, I might say, wholly an experiment, upon which he is expending a large amount of energy and capital, for which I sincerely trust he will be adequately revnunerareu1. I find that kangaroos are becoming very numerous in this neighbourhood. Several men are now making a business of killing them for their skins, which are worth, if large and well piieserved, Is. 3d. per Ib. This new indus try is quite a windfall for many who other wise would have no congenial employment. 