THE BABCOQ. ? ^ ? (FROM ODB OWN CORRESPONDENT, i The weather has once more proved as fickle as Dame Fortune. The clouded skies --f past week foreshadowed rain, especially in Barcal dineand neighbourhood, but tbe clouds cleared away again in a most tantalising manner after showerimr on Saturday niirht to the ex tent of one point. The cloads appeared very heavy in the direction of Home Creek and Barcaldine Station, and I should not be sur prised to learn that a good downpour was recorded at those places. Yesterday fine cold weather set in with a southerly breeze. Trucking is still being carried on 'enez^etac ally from the railway terminus. Last week 5334 sheep were forwarded by Messrs. Shar wood and Eccles, for tfae Union Mortgage and Agency Co., Rockhampton. Business has-been fairly brisk daring the week, owing to the arrival of wool teams, not less than 690 bales of wool being received ; of this amount 443 bales were unloaded and despatched on the I3tb. The first of the Coreena clip arrived in town on Saturday ; the first consignment of Barcaldine and Rodney Downs clips also arrived daring the early part of the week. Although uploading comes forward slowly, tbe forwarding agents consider they hare had a good week's business. Among the quanti ties despatched I may mention 43 tons of sup plies for shearing for Evesham Station. Blacktvll loading continues to go from Jericho in large quantities, some 20 tons having been despatched daring this week to BUckall storekeepers by Mick* Nesbit, Charlie Mills, Collins, and Elliot. -^J learn from Jundah that the river has only now gone down sufficient to admit of traffic with Windorah and the far West being re turned. At Windorah a ten weeks' mail, weighing lOcwt. 171b., was received last week, causing as much jubilation as the famished place would admit of. A few weeks ago the outlook was indeed serious ; tbe stores were oat of rations, and the demands of the neigh bouring stations coold not be met. A store keeper named Williamson was struck by a happy thought, and with three others took the miles Irom Windorah, and in five days the thirty miles between Windorah and Jundah were negotiated. The craft was laden with two tons of rations, and with its too heavy load the return journey was ventured upon early one morning. Only twelve miles had been traversed when the boat foundered, and the much needed supplies went to the bottom of the Thompson, and the 'captain' and his ' crew ' had a fight for their lives. They lowever, fortunately, got ashore safely. Teams that hive been Btnck up for months has Hi ?.?(?: beei; koov n tt &eep; in ilood lor Bucb ' a i r.c ji- pan- -1 bv:--e. '?+? [ It la auaouueed in BlacknU that Mcsers Smith and Niall, of Delta Station, have pur chased Evora, the adjoining rup, from Messrs. Goldsborongh and Co., the mort gagees. Shearing at Bowen Downs is to commence on July 1st. Tambo Station starts directly at Union rates, £1 per score; the wool down has also been contracted for at the Carrier's Union price, viz. : £4 3s. 4d. It was rumoured in town on Sunday that the ronseabontB at Barcaldine threaten another strike. Verily a station manager's lot is not always a happy one. A little ex citement lately occurred at Aramac Station owing to the rouseabouts striking for an in crease in wages from 4s. a day (wet days ex cluded) to 30s. a week. The manager offered 25s. per week, at which rate a minority offered to resume work. The majority, however, held away, and the consequence was a temporary cessation of work, and a visit to the Aramac Police Court, where Major Lewis fined one of the discontents £10 for breach of agreement, and ordered a forfeiture of wages dae in the case of tbe others. The shearing was then resumed as speedily as the construction of the last sec tion of tbe Central Railway, and tbe station will probably ' cat out' this week. Numbers of men are travelling abont the district in search of work, and some distress is preva lent, but many of the unemployed would rather starve than accept the old rates of '4&. a day, vet days ne pay.' Several bash fires are noticeable every evening in the direction Coreena. With so much long grass aboot, travellers should be careful to extinguish their fires before leaving them, and also be cautious in the use of matches ; a castaway match has caused many thousand pounds' worth of damage ere now. The hay harvest is in foil swing in Barcaldine ; huge ricks might be Been in nearly every one's backyard, thank* to the liberality of neighbouring pas torsi lessees. We are azurioosly a waiting the Ministerial visit.* The last 'dog*1 in the section wa& driven on Friday, and the line* is now com pleted for twelve miles beyond Barcaldine. The question that now agitates the public mind now is : ' Will the Government allow twolve miles oi line (which cost some £20,000), to remain idle?' The Progress Association is np and doing in the matter. A fall meeting of committee was beld yesterday morning, as a result of which a telegram was sent to Rockhampton to Messrs. W. Miles and Hacdonald Patenon in quiring as to probable time of arrival, as the residents, of the youngest town in the colony were anxioas to banquet them. A memo, was received from the telegraph office last night sUtugtheministerswereonthes^. Glanworth, d ne isBockham pton early on Wednesday morn - ing. This morning I learned that Mr. F. Cor now, CommissioDer for Railways, would arrive at Bacaldine at 5 p.m. to*morrow, per special train. ^ There was great sorrow at Aramac when George Porter, an old identity in the district, bid one and all farewell prior to his departure for a long spell south. George and family's departure is looked upon in the light of a national calamity ? he was foremost in sport, and in every good work for the town ; but al though leaving the district he presents a rich silver cap for competition at ensuing race meeting (to be called the ' Don Cap ') as a momento. There are few people in the Barcoo district who value a man's exertions on their behalf as those of Aramac. The iohabi tant remembered his kindly actions in many ways — school treats, picnics, progress com mittees, hospital committees, and last, bat not least by a long way, in sport. In passing through Barcaldine the TenninaHans gave Mr. Porter a champagne sapper, and many saw him depart by the 4 a.m. train. A Barcoo letter would be very far from complete were no allusions made to sporting —because all have got the 'fever' bad. Among ** sports ' the chief interest has centred in the Tambo weights, Mr. Daw bun's handicapping being very freely criticised. There have been so many opinions expressed regarding them that I shall simply state they are thought generally to be very good and fair, and should result in large fields facing the starter. The Committee of the G.W.D.J.C. bare resolved npon holding a ball upon the night of the first day's racing. An alteration has been made in the Isisford programme, dealt with by me last week. The weight to be carried in the Merchants' Cup (Walter Reid's prize) has beeo raised from 12 st to 14 st, and it is also notified that entries for tbe Farewell Flutter are to be open ontil the Graziers' Handicap has been decided —The members of the Forest Grove (Arrilallab) Clab met on the 4th, and resolved to hold a meeting the first week in July ;*the programme is expected to be worth £250.— At a meeting of the Aramac Jockey Club it was resolved to have a meeting on the 22od and 23rd of June. The first day opens with a Maiden Plate worth £25, l\ mile; followed by a Corinthian Stakes, for amateurs, aleo ) I miles, tbe stakes being £)0 and Mr. Porter's ' Don ' Cup ; the third race is a Flying Handicap, 1 mile, £25 ; then a Selling Hack Race, £10, 10 st. up, winner to be sold for a ' tenner ; ' the Town Plate, of £30, I ft iniJes, concladwg the sport. On the second day the youngsters have a show in the Trial Stakes, ? mile, worth £20 ; the Levia than Stakes are for heavy weights, 13 st. up, 1 mile, £10 ; the big handicap, 2 mileB is aolv worth £60— rather a small figure for auch an important Club as the Aramac one, bat the intention is to provide a conple of days' genuine sport, rather than to cripple the Club aud impoverish sportsmen by offering too large prizes : and then, again, there remains a Email debt to wipe off. The members have another throw-in in the Welter Handicap, of £15, 14 miles ; tbe meeting winds up wish the usual Consolation Stakea, frre entrance, £15, 1£ miles. The Club works under Q T -_ tul *. Nonni tio .sclo^-JGth May : weights! I 15th Juno ; ni,-nt of gencnj tiitrv, '21st June ' —T.-.e X ? th (? --goiy (U'iiitoaJ Jockey Club lias a cr. -Ut Ud mx oi ov« CHOO; new granj stand, pdddojks, &.;.. ^re, c..::sequentlv to be erected, It U vj be regretted, the dob has elected to join the Horthern Racing Association, as hones from Mm biirra, Aratnac, the Western «nd B»*m*y Clobs »re shut oat from competing. Mttch A interest was taken at the meeting of the Gen- -^^ tral Railway Club, Barcaldine, on Tuesday »~ night last. It was decided to hold a meetinc ^ on July 20th and 21st, at which it is hoped to offer not less than £500 in prizes, ejccloaire of a fifteen-guinea cup presented by Mr. Shakesnere, and a gift of £25Lpresented by Mr. Campbell on behalf of the We/tern Cham pion. This makes the second gift to race dubs from the enterprising newspaper man this season. No programme was cut out at the meeting, but sub-committees were ap pointed to canvass the town for subscriptions, arrange about fencing the racecourse, tt; after which the meeting was adjourned to Monday, 2nd May, when a programme will be definitely arranged. Poor old Norman M'Coish, one of the oldest residents on the Barcoo, famed as a Bheep classer, attempted to commit suicide at Delta, Station on the 12th instant, by cutting his throat with a razor. M'Cnish had his wounds treated by the (station hands, and was conveyed ts Alice railway station; from thf-ncd he was token to Barcal dine in charge of the police. M'Cuish has been very ifl, soffering from ferer, and was lately an inmate of Blackall Hospital. The unfortunate man has been brought before the Barcaldine Bench, and remanded. In all probability he will be sent in custody to Blackall Hospital by to-morrow'* coach. Toe poor fellow is very ill, and fast breaking up. A blind man named HarringtoD, well-known in Queensland, and in past years, before his eyesignt's became destroped by blight, m editor of the Palmer Ghronide, is in Barcal dine, and last Thursday gave an entertain ment in the Social dall. On the previous Tuesday evening, Harrington vent into a Chinese store with tbe object of selling Tickets for his lecture. He did not effect a aala. He asked the storekeeper to change a £1 note for him, and the Ghinaman thereupon handed him a package confining what be believed to to be half-crown*, bat which snbfieqaantly tamed out to be coppers. Harrington next day asked the little boy who acted as bis guide to point oat the store where tbe swindle was perpetrated. The youngster did so, with the result that a Chinaman was arrested, amd charged with obtaining money under false pretences. The case was heard at tfae Police Court on Friday, before Messrs. Campbell and Moody, J.P., and dismissed, there being no evidence to show that the Chinaman before the Court was tfae one guilty of the offence. At the Barraltiinp Licensing Court, special town licenses were granted to G. H. Lewis, George Long, and J. P. Vesper, all of Bar caldine. Job Edg'a license for the Barcaldine Hotel, Isisford-road, was renewed, and & billiard license te Gee Gooch. At Blackall all the district licenses were granted save in caseof James Craig, Universal Hotel, BUckall, -which was refusea on account of dirtiness of premises. Abont twenty members of the A.ICP. Society attended a meeting at Peel's Hotel, Barcaldine, on Friday night, for tfae purpose of expressing an opinion upon ttio 'pension system. Mr. A. J. A. Moody aWy filled the chair. After some discussion, it was decided to oppose the system, and a committee vas appointed to draft s suitable letter to tbe Chairman of tbe Society embodyug tbe reso lutions arrived at. It was shown that there were at leut sixty policy hoIdersatBarcaldine, representing £30,000. All present at the meeting decided to rote for Messrs. F. Lee, A. J. Biley. and J. T. Walker, as director.. It is stated that James Murdoch, lessee of tkeBaroob Hotel, Blackall, is abont to ran a through coach from Jericho to IasfonL An attempt will be made to seenre a mail contact for tbe route. At last Blackall Land Court an application was approved for a grazing farm of 30,000 acres, resumed from Lome Station, at on annual rental of 1}-L per acre. The improve ments amounted to £720 13s. Tbe Barcaldine State School buildings an nearly completed, and wjn'be opened as soon as a teacher arrives. By the way, the Depart ment are rather lax re this matter. It appears a married man does not care to accept tbe position, owing to there being do teacher's residence provided. Something should be done in this direction. Heavy bushfires in the North West have been visible all the afternoon. The area covered by the flames must be considerable. The weather has suddenly changed, and is mnSg-'- and the sky clouded — all in course of a couple of hours. April 19, 1SS7. _L The dissension amongst the shareholders of the Mount Morgan (West) Gold Mining Company seems likely to wreck the concern! On March 10 a meeting of the shareholders took place under extraordinary circumstances siys the EumIKCui Hail of the 11th ot March.' It was contended that the meeting was bat an adjournment of the last statutory meeting at which a committee of shareholders had been appointed to investigate the affairs of the company while the Board of Directors denied both the fact of the adjournment and the legality of the gathering, and conse quently refused to attend it This beine the case, Mr. It. Birkin, a prominent shareholder was voted to the chair. He said that according to the legal advice taken by the committee the meeting they were then attending was really an adjournment of the statutory meet The °°V ^er'f0IT !t ««?' be perfectly legal. Toejoliciior to the committee gave a hopeful lew of their legal position in the matter. On the - motion nf the Clnirmau. seconded by Mr. U. l.oo; cr, a resolution nt carried removing th, du-rtors Md r!;e fu;.',,«ne geotlerueH ^B^^'lJS^r^-We^C, man; and i: was J... a-ree.1 that the com- T mittee of in-jDiry should be continued. 