THE CONTRIBUTOR. GERMANTON AS I SAW IT. By A. M., Brookocg. Having sccepted the kind invitation of some friends to come and Epend tbe Christmas with them, it was on the morning of Friday, the 24th of December, in the year of grace 1886, I saddled up my faithful steed, a grandson of the renowned Soowden, and started on my journey, a distance of about 70 miles, going through Mittagong by way of Yerong Creek. The country through Mittagong along the mail-road from Urangelinee Creek is mostly taken up by bona fide selectors, who combine wheat-growing with grazing; and judging by the grand fields of wheat that meet the view— promising a yield of about 20 bushels per acre of the golden grain—their labor and induBtty will have its reward. For is not this the class who are the backbone of any country, and who turn the wilderness into a place ot prosperity and productiveness ? Having pasBed through this country only a few short years ago, I was astonished at the wonderful contrast, and what a difference the hand of labor and industry bad wrought, as then it was green timber and scrub, while now it is waving fields of grain and smiling homes that now delight the eye to gaze upon. It has been said before that Riverina will be the granary of New Sonth Wales, and I believe that time is not far distant. Having passed through Mittagong, I come to Yerong Creek township, situated on the Great Southern Railway line, some two stations between there and Wagga Wagga. Yerong Creek is a fast-rising township, containing a laree general store, owned by Mr. C. Dyring of Wagga Wagga, who seems confident of the advance of the district in erecting such a grand store. There is also a large hotel, conducted by HoBt Plunkett, where the best civility and attention is given to the wants of his customers. There are also the other requirements of a township being attended to. I may add that there is a prosperous racing club here, where annually good racing may be seen, as the prizes are very liberal and well worth contending for. Yerong Creek covers 30 miles of my journey, and now after having two hours' rest, and the wants ot rider and steed having been attended to, we again start to complete the journey much refreshed, although tbe heat is lOOdeg. in the shade. The road now pasBeB through broken, hilly country by way of Mangoplah, where very little settlement seems to be met with, excepting on Egan's Creek, where a few selectors are located and a little farming eeemB to have started. This part seems to be much inferior to Mittagong both in regard to soil and pasture, and is mostly station property. From here the road to Germanton goes way of Buckaginga and Cookardinia, but not being acquainted with this part, I was unfortunate enough to take a wrong turn off road, and passed some miles to the north of these townships, so cannot note them. I also gave myself an extra 10 miles ride, having intended to stop at Cookardinia if belated. I must now push right through to Germanton, which I reach about 9 o'clock p.m., and right glad I am to get to my journey's end, after having ridden close on 80 miles, which shows the endurance ot the New South Wales bred horse. The thoughts of the day and weary ride were soon dispelled with the kind greetings of friends—friends whom I had known in other parts. I must now return to my subject, apologising for my divergence, but I thought a few jottings by the way would not be out of place, and might be of interest to a few of your many readers. Germanton is a fast-rising township, situate at the Ten-mile Creek, on the main road to Wagga Wagga from Albury, and about 40 miles from the latter-mentioned town. It is like a good many more of the New South Wales townships, viz, a town of one street, the main road being that one; but as it is becoming the centre of a large grazing and farming district, it will soon outgrow the one street and extend itself—indeed the signs seem to indicate the near approach of teat time, judging by the new buildings in course of erection, viz., a large brick building for the Commercial Bank, another large and noble brick edifice, the new Roman Catholic chapel, which will be a credit to that body when completed; also a nice brick bnilding for a School of Arts in progression. The Government buildings comprise a post and telegraph office—a substantial brick building of no small pretensions; together with police station and quarters, which are also good substantial brick buildings, under the charge of Constable Coveny, who seems an efficient and well-respected officer of Her Majesty's service. The business places comprise several good store?, doing fair business, especially the one at the bridge, ably managed by Mr. John Tinker, which does a large business both in the township and with the surrounding district, and where eveiytbing can be had from the proverbial needle to an anchor at very reasonable terms. There are two or three publichonses, where fair business also 6eems to be done. There is a good cordial factory, where really first- class cordials are supplied at very reasonable rates, which is a great boon this warm weather. There are also several butchers' shops, blacksmiths, wheelwrights, and a large agricultural machinery depot where all sorts of machinery in that line can be had. Messrs. T. Robinson and Co. have an agency here, and as a deal of farming is done in the district no doubt a good business is done. There is also a large flour mill, where firstclass flour is made. The educational wants of the township are well attended to, as there is a large public school, with a good roll number, Mr. Godfrey being the teacher in charge. The medical wants of the town and district are attended to by Dr. Rooke, who I am told is a gentleman of great skill in his profession, and who is also a worthy and respected townsman. The religious needs of the district are well cared for, there being several places of worship, which is both to creditable their respective adherents and the town. The Roman Catholic body, finding their present cbapel too small, have a noble edifice of brick nearly constructed ; Rev. Father Fallon being the pastor, who has a nice residence in the township. The Presbyterian body, who are well represented in this district, have a neat and commodious bouse of prayer. The Rev. J. Walker (the writer of" St. Helena as I saw it"), a powerful and cultured preacher of great fluency and expression, and well beloved and respected by all denominations, has charge of a very large district. He is assisted in his spiritual labors by tbe Rev, W. S. Whittier, who is also an able expounder of God's law to man, and a person of learning and culture. The Anglican Church services are held in the Presbyterian Church (always kindly lent by that body), but as a move haB been made to have a church erected by that body, no doubt before long they will have a building of their own. The Rev. Julius Scott is tbe incumbent, who has a nice residence a short way out from the township. Much sympathy is felt for tfiis gentleman (who is well respected and beloved) in tbe recent death of Mrs. Scott, a lady who was a devoted wife and a fond mother, and who made herself endeared to all who knew her. A8 Mrs. Scott bad been ailing for a long time previous to her death, and as nursing aud medical attendance and funeral expenses press heavily on a minister's salary, especially if that is small and the minister is a person of limited means, I think now is a good time for friends to show their sympathy with Mr. Scott in a more tangible form, for words without deeds are often poor sympathy. I was surprised to find that the Wesleyan Church is unrepresented here, but I hear there are very few Wesleyans in this part, which will account for that, no doubt. The town possesses a racing club, which I hear is in a prosperous financial condition. The Agricultural Society holds exhibitions annually, and give liberal prizes, which are largely competed for. I was surprised to see how green was the pasture here, and how much later the season is in such a short distance from Brookong, aB there bushfires have been taking place months ago, and here, except in a very favoured place, there would not be the least danger as yet. In conclusion, I can say I was much pleased with Germanton as I saw it, the summer heat being nicely tempered by the cool bracing air from the mountains not far off. There are nice fruit gardens, the trees in which are loaded with luscious fruits of different kinds. Union and advancement seem to be the aim of its inhabitants. Having rested for a few days, after being kindly and hospitably entertained, I must now say good-bye to Germanton for the present, hoping these few jottings of mine may be interesting to some of your readers. No one can be sick if the stomach, blood, liver, and kidneys are welL American Co>- HOP BITTERS keeps them well. Notice.- [ADVT.] At the farm of Mr. Wilson, Yalca North, Victoria, on Saturday, about 20 bags of wheat, five bags of barley, together with the threshing machine then at work, were destroyed by fire caused thiough one of the machinemen having dropped a match or let fall a spark from his pipe. The plant was valued at £150, and belonged to Mr. J. Paterson, of Picola. 