NEEDLES= Short, Sharp, Shiny. Pax? Keep cool. Deaths from heat. Nothing is a warning. Bushfires down south. A new reservoir wanted. Gold in the reef at Teetulpa. Sergeant Ballantine deceased. Starting the caucus in London. Turkey is friendlier to England. Codlin moth is spreading around. The British navy to be improved. A soft thing for the Englishmen. Those young idiots feel "sick" now. Thanks, Mr. Todd, for a cool night. St. Patrick and Dibbs are still at it. Wanted, to shut the Murray mouth. Melbourne water supply also defective. Rape is punishable by death in Victoria. Another outrage reported from Sydney. Stevens's premises were insured for £900. A true account of Hicks Pasha's last fight. The Sydney ruffians must enjoy being hung. Adelaide water supply not up to the demand. Lord Charles Beresford has done some good. The guard on the Glenelg line is a humorist. In Sydney 34 men have been hanged in one day. Mrs. T. H. Jones not going on the lyrical stage. Something must be done with the water supply. Five men committed for trial at Tamworth for rape. A line of coaches started from Orroroo to the diggings. The Australians did manage to save a one innings' defeat. French soldiers prohibited from going into Alsace-Lorraine. The Warden is allowing farmer-diggers a month's suspension. France advising the Bulgarians to submit to Russia, Of course! It is estimated that the dynamite scare will cost some one £1,550. Roseworthy Agricultural College will open as usual on February 1. "Hop substitute" and glucose, the main in- gredients of colonial beer. There are 200 men now employed on the Kingston drainage works. Four young men rowed to the quarantine station and were kept there. There are 100,000 acres of land that could be irrigated on the Lower Murray. The Hon. J. Rankine has successfully tested irrigation at Hindmarsh Island. Mr. Molesworth, chemical lecturer, takes charge of the Agricultural College. Hanging was so common in Sydney at one time that apparently no record was kept. If the inspector would see that pure liquors are sold he would do more good than spying. Mr. Nesbit wants satisfaction out of those justices in Melbourne who sent him to Kew. The Melbourne Daily Telegraph gives the history of Mr. Nesbit's detention in the Kew Asylum. Mr. Caire, saddler, was let off at 5s. in the pound, but has now paid up the 20s. He is a rare man. Oswald Brown appointed consulting engi- neer in London to the S.A. Waterworks De- partment. The principal charges at the Teetulpi Police Court were for drunkenness, and there are no pubs there. The largest fee, 10,000 guineas, ever paid to counsel was received by the late Sergeant Ballantine. The penalty for landing at the quarantine station is a line of £200 or six months' im- prisonment. With imitation hops, imitation sugar, and other imitations, colonial beer is nothing but a vile imitation. Australia to be invited to send troops to the Jubilee Review in England. The taxpayers won't have it. The Potosi (Orient) started a week after the Ganges (P. & O.), and was docked in London a day before the latter. Sir Richard Wallace has given £10,000 to- wards the new Anglican Church in the Rue des Bassins, Paris. The Admiralty have issued orders for the new fast cruiser Mersey, 12 guns, to be com- pleted for commission. All the great Paris bazaars agreed, in view of the Christmastide and New Year, not to buy any German-made toys. The Queen has expressed her sympathy with the work of the Thimble League, and sent a donation of £25 to the funds. The Queen will open Parliament in person, and all the royalties will be present who can be gathered together to give éclat to that pro- ceeding. Miss Cobden, daughter of the great Free trader, unveiled the statue of her father erected in St. Peter's Gate, Stockport, recently. If Victoria and New South Wales take a lot of the water from the Murray it may have the effect of rendering useless the waters of Lake Alexandria. The most recent dispatches received by the French Government from Madagascar represent the condition of affairs in that island as satisfactory. There was a great decrease in the number of railway servants killed in England in 1885, attributable to decreased traffic with better accommodation and improved appliances. The committee of the projected exhibition in Paris have resolved to grant the sum of £60,000 for the erection of the proposed tower, which is to be nearly 1,000 feet in height. The Rev. S. E. Gladstone, rector of Hawar- den, has issued circulars to all the farmers in the parish, stating that it is his intention to re- mit 10 per cent. of the tithes for the half year. The Earl of Carnarvon, writing to the Times, warns the promoters of the movement for State- aided emigration that the hearty concurrence of the colonies is essential to the success of the scheme. The managers of the London Stock Ex- change bought a piece of land in Old Broad- street at the rate of £88 per superficial foot, which equals the enormous sum of £3,833,280 per acre. Denmark and Sweden are to be connected by a submarine railway passing under the Sound. It will be a large enterprise, but a sound one. The capital will be raised among merchants of the two countries. There have been since 1830 38 Irish Coercion Acts introduced by Liberal administrations, and only ten by Tory Cabinets; and of these ten nine were simply the continuance of Liberal statutes already in force. Mr. Stephen Thompson, late of the Vic- torian Gallery of Art, has written a vigorous letter to the Times correcting the numerous misstatements of Mr. J. Norton, the delegate of the Sydney Trades and Labor Council. Three minor planets have recently been discovered, thus bringing the total number to 61\. The first of the three was first seen by Dr. Peters, of New York, on November 1, and the other two by Dr. Palisa, of Vienna, on November 4. A Spanish expedition has left the Philip- pine Islands for the purpose, according to a Madrid report, of taking possession ot the whole of the inlands of Paragua and of the chief ports of Southern Mindanao, in the Indian Archipelago. Prince Henry, the German Crown Prince's second son, is likely to be shortly betrothed to the Duchess Elizabeth, sister of the Grand Duchess Vladimir, and second daughter ot the late Grand Duke of Schwerin. Tne princess is now in her 17th year. It has been arranged to launch the new Admiralty ship the Renown next April, and to fit her out for service by the end of the year. She will be the largest ship in the navy, carry- ing four guns, each of 105 tons strength, besides a number of smaller guns. The Emperor William of Germany was to celebrate on the 1st of January the 80th anniversary of his entry into the German army. He accordingly authorised a committee to gather funds for some presentation to the Teutonic soldiery to mark the day. A large landowner in East Sussex has re- ceived notices from no fewer than twenty- eight of his tenants of their intention to quit their holdings, as they find it impossible to go on any longer with the present prices of corn and the depressed state of agriculture generally. A discovery that may lead to important practical results has been made by Walter Hempil, a German experimenter, in the observation that the quality of electricity furnished by a machine increases considerably when the latter works in an atmosphere of compressed air. 