Extensive Bush Fires in New Zealand. The correspondent of the Otago Baily Times writes from Glenorchy, at the head ot Lake Wakatipn, on January 10 :-Extensive bushfireB, one of which has proved the most disaatrous calamity which ever befel this district, happened here last week, when the extensive bush at the head of Lake Wakatipa, on the Kinloch aide of the lake, caught fire, and which has been raging ever since in all its fury. The bush is composed of noble birch and totara trees of very considerable girth, from which the timber supply of the district has for many years been exclusively obtained, both for mining and building pur , tases; so far down country as Clyde and kiandra was the timber sent, both places ** eil as Cromwell depending upon the bush JJ '^ head of the lake for all timber except brewon The timbet ttaie> whioh by the ?? a^P oi the bu811 " almost completely ruined, ei)?loyed between 80 and 100 men, and turnup th0 chie{ 0ftrg0 for BteamerB trading bet*^ tbe bead of the kke and Queenstown. ^e hnah de8tr0yed covered ali the country,^ at thB foot o£ MouQt Bon Plane, extend^ from the Dai1; to Groen. stone Elver, and meering it along the undu- lations of the gronos cannot be leBB tbaD 10 miles in distance, mowing the width of the timber from the \&Q; to it8 uppei. boundary to be 2500 _feet, ¡t may be accepted that, roughlj ¿joking, not iees than 4000 acres of valuabl« tiberias been destroyed. The loss cannott^)le^pUted at a money value, as it has alnyjt completely ruined an established industry' up^ which both the farmers and the miners dep^d for. one of their chief supplies in the prpiwution of their respective callings ; besides wU&the; splendid forest, with its. orchids, licheni,'^ ferns, and which was the chief attraction nt tourists to this quarter of the district, ana' the trees also formed a conspicuous and pleasing feature in the landscape, which will be positively disfigured. The black and bleak appearance of the charred giant skele- tons of what only yesterday were stately trees, swayed by the breeze in gracBfnl move- ment, sheltering countless native and accli- matised birds, and in the umbrageous shades of which lovely and rare ferns and other botanical specimens of interest and ^value grow in profusion-all this has given place to a scene of desolation and min as hopeless and heartrending, as only the ¿re fiend can make it. The fire originated on Wednesday last about 7 o'clock, and has been raging with unabated fury ever since. There is now, however, some hope that the Greenstone Biver, which, with ita beaches and sandy bed, is nearly a mile in width, will interpose a barrier sufficient to stop the further progress of the conflagration, and that thus the dub h of Mount Nicholas to the south of the Green- stone will be spared. Little is known of the origin of the fire, which commenced at Birrell's in the Dart Valley, and driven by a strong north- weBterly breeze down the lake swept everything before it. The scene of the fire during the previous night is described as appalling in the extreme. It must be borne in mind that the forest covered the steep, almost precipitous, slopes of Monnt Bon Plane, one tree standing upon another, and that for the past three weeks the weather here has been the hottest and driest, and conse- quently the most parched, upon record. Under these circumstances it was impossible to stop the conflagration, and all efforts to limit it proved in vain, strenuous though the efforts and numerous as the willing bands were The smoke from the green timber was most suffocating, and many narrow escapes from the overpowering effects of the heat and smoke are recorded. Annmber of wood- cutters' huts have been destroyed. The exact nnmber is not known, bnt two families have been rendered homeleless. Many^f the woodcutters lost large quantities of firewood already cut, representing months of labour It was only with the greatest difficulty that the sawmills and Bryant's Hotel at Kinloch were, saved, the fire reaching to the very garden fence of the hotel. The furniture was removed in all haste, but a change of,wind saved the buildings. The tonrists staying at the hotel were taken by boat to Glenorchy as a point of safety. The grandeur of the scene on the successive nights is described as both magnificent and appalling. Hundreds of acres at the same time were a roaring, seething mass of flame, lighting up the glaciers with a spectral light before which that of the moon paled. Through the hungry sough of the flamea and the crackling of the burning timber was heard every now and again the crash of the falling giant trunk, and whole clusters of trees setid mg up through the lurid smoke showers of brilliantly glowing sparks, which in their descent resembled a train ot fire. A gentle- man returning from Glenorchy by steamer, woo had seen some of the most gorgeous pyrotechnic displays in .London, assured me that, making every allowance for the magni- tude of the local fire, he had never seen a Bight so truly dazzling. On Saturday night the fire steadily crept along the ground under the shelter of the trees, suddenly to burst forth through the foliage, and with the roar of the ncreased draught consumed, in almost less time than it takes to relate the incident, every thing within its reach, the flames shooting up in a solid column of fire hundreds of feet in heigaU Such a scene reflected in the lake, which lay like a mirror at the foot of the awe-inspiring spectacle, can be better imagined than des- cribed. In the day the aspect of affairs is a very different one ; a smoky mist envelopes as in a pall the whole mountain, over the side of which at short intervals columns of smoke are curling up like so many f umeroles. At Kin- loch the beach is still strewn with fntnifcure salved from the destroyed buildings and taken from the^hotel. Fortunately, the wind is not blowing in very constant gales, but is rather fitful, so that although the fire is still far from being exhausted, there is some hope that it will soon cense. At present it haB reached a very critical point-namely, the mouth of the Greenstone Valley-and it simply depends upon the direction the wind may take during the next few hours whether or not the whole of the Greenstone and Capíes valleys will be swept clean of every vestige of timber by tbo fire fiend. Buah fires of considerable extent have aleo been raging at Stony Creek and Moke Creek, and have not yet burnt themselves out. ' The smoke from these fires has at times been almost suffocating.in every remote,part of the district, and the heat frequently was oppres- sive. Skeleton leaves bave been picked up at Arrowfcown, about 40 miles from the site of 1 the fixe, aqd a lady at the same place wa» [ almost frightened into hysterics by the Budden [ darkening of the sun, which looted like a ball of lurid fire ten times its natural size. Mr. Ranger Adair is on the qui vive as to the cause of all these fires, and will make a strong effort to detect the culprits when culpa- bility can be proved. ? ? " ? ? ? ^^^^.^ 