Agricultural and Pastoral FORTHCOMING SHOWS, ETC. The Agricultural Society of New South Wales, Sydney -May 20 to 25. Marathon District Pastoral and Agricultural Society, Muttaburra—June 7. Queensland Pastoral and .Agricultural Society, Ipswioh —June 8,9, aud 10. Queensland National Association, Twelfth Annual Exhibition, Brisbane—August 16 to 19. Wide Bay and Burnett Pastoral and Agricultural Society, Maryborough—August 25 and 96. Secretaries ar« hereby requested to. furnish the in formatloa aeocßsary to keep the above list an authentic . There is much to commend itself to stock •owners in the suggestion of Mr. Tolson for the, ' appointment of a Commission or Central Board to inquire into diseases affecting Btook, and to advise the Government as to the best means of their prevention. As has reoently been pointed out by a contributor, to these columns, there is no Uwin force, either in this colony or in New South Wales, to prevent the travelling of diseased or infected oattle, and the consequence is that the teaia Btook routes, leading to the New South Wales border, and for a considerable distance inside the border, are strewed with the.carcasses of oattle that have died of pleuro-pneumonia, so that at the present time it is almost impossible to esoape infection with oattle travelled to tho Southern oolonies unless they have previously been protected by inooulation. If it be granted •Wat inooulation secures immunity from pleuro, (t^b only reasonable that uninooulated oattle fmoald be prevented from being travelled over infeotod ground. The testimony of praotical men, the catties-owners of Australia, is now overwhelmingly in favour of inoculation, and the Bame may be said of the veterinary profession *»f Great Britain. The difficulty, however, epfpars to be that virus for inooulation is not lerOourable except in distriots where the disease is already active, and when such is the oase the disease has in most instances established itself, in an incipient form, in tho herds before the Virus is procurable. Mr. Tolson is of opiuion— and in this he quotes the opinions of several scientists iv Europe—that the virus of pleuro may bo cultivated apart from the living subject -"■as the virus of anthrax has been cultivated oy Pasteur—and, if suoh is the oase, it would be part of the duty of the proposed board to provide a sufficiency of this oulture to supply etook-owners at a oost sufficient to pay the oost of its production. In this way, aud with the passing of an Aot to oompel the destruction of all infected animals in travelling mobs, and tiie burning or burial of the carcasses of all dead animals, the disease ought to totally disappear with the present generation of There appears but too muoh reason to believe that many oases of tuberculoids have been mis taken for pleuropneumonia, and that the former is muoh more prevalent than has generally been suspected. To those not utimately acquainted with the disease the outward symptoms of tuberculosis may readily 09 r aud frequently are, mistaken for those of pleuro. In the ooast watershed, particularly, tuberculosis has for many years been prevalent, aud " lung-rot," " ooast disease," " mumps," to., are but local names for this destructive disease, whioh, being hereditary, is spreading to au alarming extent, aud will continue to do so until stock-owners are made acquainted with its symptom* snd post-mortem appearances. Although not so contagious as pleuro, it is a much more formidable uiseate to deal with in asmuch as it is transmitted from aire and dam to their progeny, aud the milk of tuberculous oows is actually dangerous to human, par tioularlv infantile, life. To successfully stamp out tuberculosis, every oow and bull in a breeding herd known to bo affected with the disease, in however slight a form, aud what ever the prico at whioh it may have been purchased, ought to bo sent to the pots. It is tho opinion of many that Queensland farmers will never succeed in mastering the rust plague until they adopt a system of under drainage in their wheat fields. This impres sion is beoomiag common among the wheat termers of the Warwiok diitriot, but the ex peusivoness of the work, the limited capital of the farmers, and the low price of wheat when it is grown render the experiment too costly in th* eyes of the farmer for him to undertake it. There is no stronger advocate for draining the wheat farms of the Darling Downs than Mr. Charles Hayes, the long established miller of the town of Warwiok, and than whom no one is so fitted to judge of its desirableness. In a conversation we held with this gentleman lately, he stated that were underground drains adopted the wheat crop of the country would he rendered oertain, for that then it would be comparatively easy to find a variety of wheat with sufficient stamina to throw off the rust fungus, but that as things now are every point is in favour of the rust crop'and against the wheat. During dry seasons the rust is never very bad, but then the wheat has failed to •germinate, or, if germinated, to grow. This he contends would not be the case if the deep rich volcanic lands of tho wheat farms were under-drained, as then sufficient moisture would be in the subsoil, from casual light showers, to mature the wheat crop, for it is well known that is does not.take much moisture to result iv a yield of wheat provided this moisture can be obtained by the plant when it requires it. In a wet season the advantages of under-drainage are self- evident and understandable by all. Now it is Mr. Hayes's opinion that as we are ruled by a some what paternal Government the farmers might fairly ask for aid in this way :—Let the Go vernment allot a piece of land for the purpose of drainage experiment; it must bo of sufficient size to enablo the experiment to be fairly carried out; say, 50 to 100 acres. Let such land be under the control of local trustees. Then Mr. Hayes sayß he has not the slightest doubt suf ficient money could be obtained by subscription to oarry out a system of drainage. Already he says he has mooted the subjeot among a few of the residents of Warwiok and they have promised to assist to the extent or £250. Probably four times this sum would be required to drain, fence, and crop even 60 aores, but he thinks it would readily be forthcoming, pro vided subscribers were allowed to be recouped by the Bale of the orop if the experiment were successful, or the sale of the land if it were not. The Government, he thinks, might fairly be asked to supplement the subscriptions by as muoh more, for the undertaking is as much a national work as the formation of roads by the divisional boards. Objection may be raised to such a scheme on the grounds that, owing to the oompetition of the world, wheat growing will not pay tho Queensland farmer, therefore it is useless to encourage the occupation. This may or may not be so; at any rate it is by no moans proved, snd the farmers themselves by their action in this year again preparing their land for this crop evidently- do not think so. Besides, it must he remembered that the voloanio wheat lands of the Downs are reser voirs of fertility if only they be well cultivated (and in order to be well cultivated they must be well drained), and that an annual yield of from 30 to 40 bushels a year would be no improbable estimate, and such a return is very different to the 4 and 5 bushel harvest of South Australia. However, we think the scheme of these Warwiok gentlemen perfectly feasible, and shall be very pleased to make publio any further. action thoy may take in the matter, and also to further as much as lies in our power the end they have in view. Many of the stook-owners may be curious to contrast the value of some of tho great American cattle ranches with an Australian cattle station. We have before us tho prospectus of the ** Espuela Land and Cattle Company," floated by English and Scotch capital. The ranch is situated in tho State of Texas, and consists of 494,500 acres, equal to 772 squaro miles.. Four hundred and fourteen thousand nyo hundred aores aro f reohold and the remainder school and publio lands held under grazing leaso from the State. The number of oattle on tho ranoh— whioh is reported as being well grassed—is 60,000, being one head of cattle to 8 aores of land. The purchased land is valued at 10s. per acre, and the herd at £5 per head. Horses (500) are valued at £10 eaoh, and equipments, improvements, and value of lease'£2s,ooo. The block of purchased land is enclosed by a fence of cedar posts and four wires, and the whole oonoern was floated with a capital of £500,000 —£200,000 10 per cent preference shares and £300,000 ordinary shares. The herd is de scribed as *' well graded with Durham Btook," and the ages and sex are as follows :— Cows, 3 years old and over ... " ...36,128 Heifers, 2 yean old 4,745 Bulls ... 1,000 Steers, 8 yean old, 1761*, _ years old 1841 3,602 Yearlings 15,000 60,476 The mode of mustering the oattle- to give de livery is little short of amusing to an Australian squatter. *' The vendors guarantee 60,000 head on actual count to be oarried out in the summer by driving the oattle to one side of the ranoh, and running a fence down the middle of the ranoh from north to south,. and then counting the cattle through gates, by English nominees of the board. The expenses of this fence will be borne jointly by the vendors and the company." The yearlings were not to exceed 15,000 and no calves were to be counted. A " moderate" estimate of the annual income is given as under-r-the calves being estimated at 70 per cent of the females above two years old. 1886.—20,000 calves, estimated net profit for the yearlBBBl £60,000 1886.—28,000 ditto 1887 88,800 1887.-82,000 ditto 1888 100,000 1888.—35,000 ditto 1889 111,000 It was the intention of the company to replace the two and three year old steers by oows so as to keep the herd a purely breeding one of 50,000 oows, Belling annually the produoe as yearlings. As an induoement for capitalists to take up shares it is stated that the popula tion of the States is increasing much more rapidly than the oattle, and that all the avail- ■ able land for cattle-raising in the States has been appropriated to that purpose, and the area is being gradually diminished by the absorp tion of land for agriculture. The efficacy of sulphur in preventing the mildew or oidium from damaging the grape orop is well known to vineyard owners, and its application is a regular part of the season's proceedings; but from the number of small patches of vines attached to cottage or farm that we have noticed this year, more or less damaged by oidium, it is evident that it is not generally known among' non - professional growers that the mildew disease which has ruined their crop oould have been banished by the timely application of flowers of sulphur, in the form of a gentle shower blown by means of a pair of bellows upon the leaves and bunches. Another pest whioh has this year been very prominent and has done muoh mischief to the grapes is the soldier-bird, or miner, or more properly the garrulous .honey-eater. This bird is about the size of a thrush, is of a gray brown colour, with, a yellow bill, gray faoe, and orown of the head blaok. It is an exceedingly bold and noisy bird, and is well deserving its name - - garrulous.'' Moving about in parties of a dozen or so, it excites the attention of the traveller by reason of its bold ness, its grotesque actions, and its incessant chattering. When one or two of these parties Bingle out a vineyard they give it no peace until every grape nearly is destroyed; the birds are not content to eat one grape before attacking another but they dig their bill into a berry, tip a little of the juice, and then do the same with another, until in"1 a very short time v whole bunch is destroyed. Their natural food iB the nectar of the flowers of the gum trees and small insects, and it is. only sinoe the advent of civilised man into Australia that they have found out how good fruit is to eat. It is our impression that they oould be easily frightened away by shooting, but they can be very wary when they choose. Their natural disposition is one of inquisitive boldness, and we have Been this taken advantage of to decoy them to. destruction in this way:—A stuffed, cat was plaoed on the top of a trellis of vines; the miners were not long in finding it out, and immediately commenced a great to do, and by their noise soon attracted all their companions within hearing distanoe. A well-timed oharge of dust shot brought low about a dozen of the birds, and this stratagem being several times re peated at intervals of a day, and the cat being judiciously placed in different spots, oaused a lessening in tho number of the birds and the desertion of the remainder. A very good suggestion has been made by an East Moreton dairyman as to how to. improve the value of oattle for the dairy; and although he acknowledges that it is borrowed from ouj? columns it ought to be none the less valuable on that aooount. His suggestion is that the National Association establish and keep a record of dairy cattle, discarding all family names suoh as *- Ayrshire," ■- Shorthorn," &c;, and make the milking qualities of the cow the only tout for record, all cows that do not come up to a certain standard as to weight of milk per day, for a certain number of days after calving, to be ineligible for registration; and, similarly, that no bulls other than the progeny of registered cows be eligible. The idea is an excellent one; and, although there might be some difficulty in preventing the admission of inferior animals in the first entries,' this might be got over by requiring that the oows be milked onoe, without previous notioe being given, in the presence of a member of the as sociation and tho entry made on the declara tion of such owner. We are not of those who believe that our dairymen would descend to the meanness of certifying to a lie in order to take advantage) of tho increased value whioh regis tration would confor on their cows. Ono word or so to thoso who would wish for a fino bod of pansies during the early spring months of the year. Now is tho time to sow the seed. Good seed oan be obtained from any seedsman, and ls. so invested will give sufficient plants, if taken oare of, to form a border 100 ft. lopg. Tho seed should be sown in a box of good turfy soil. To bo successful plaoe somo broken brioks, &c;, at bottom of the box—in whioh there should bo a few holes so as to allow of free drainage; upon this layer of broken brioks place a thin layer of grass and then fill up to the brim with sifted turfy soil, sand, and old cowdung in about equal proportions and well mixed together. Water this thoroughly the day 'before sowing. When sowing pat down the surface of the box with a piece of board .until it is quite level, then sprinkle the seed evenly, dust over it to a depth of not over an eighth of an inch some finely sifted soil as prepar ed above, press all down with the board so that the seed is actually in close contact with the soil, and shade with a pane of glass.put flat aoross the top of the box, but do not forget to sprinkle a little sand on the top of the glass if there is any possibility of the hot sun shin ing on to it. In a few days tho plants will be up and they can then regularly be watered by means of a fine-rosed waterrpot, and as Boon as they show four to six leaves they oan be .pricked off into another and larger box pre pared the same wav, and in due time trans- Slanted from that into the border. This bor er must be well manured with old cowdung or at any rate manure of some sort. The plants will then withstand a great deal of direct sun-heat provided the surface of the ground around them be mulched and kept always moist. The more tho blooms are plucked the moro will be produced; the flowers should never be allowed^to mature seed.' We have received from Messrs. King and Company, Melbourne, a piicod catalogue of the dispersion sale of Mr. Robert M'DougaU'B Ayrshire herd. The prioes reoeived throughout were exoeedingly good. Thirteen oows ranged np to 74 guineas, the average being £29 3s, 2d. Heifers and heifer calves' averaged from 17; to 50 guinea-, general average, £29 Bs.; and bulls and bull calves from 16 to 36 guineas, average, £27 13s. 6d. The general average— bulls, cows, heifers, and calves—3l head, was £24 ss. 9d. Thepresent season seems to be unfavourable to the health of live stock. In this colony there is the mange, whioh, according to correspondents' information, is widespread among the horses of the North. In South Australia, and in far western New South Wales, there is the terrible outbreak of typhoid fever among the horses, which resulted in the death of 40 out of 100 horses attacked belonging to the railway con tractors. In Viotoria a disease locally called *• rickets" appeared lately in the Western dis tricts, and now we read in the Melbourne weekly papers of an ophthalmic disease having broken out among the cattle and sheep in the neighbourhood of Dandenong and also of Portland, which may be communicated from one animal to another, although ite appearance is said to be of miasmatic origin. After a mild attack the animal may recover its sight, but many animals afflicted become totally blind. If our readers .will substitute the name of a southern colony for " Kansas" in the following paragraph from the Breeders' Gazette (America) it will apply with equal force to Australia:— "It has been urged that further importations of cattle from foreign countries be prohibited on the ground that we already havo as good Btoek as any other country and are under no necessity of importing from übroad. Tho principle, if a good one, is capable of a much wider application than its discoverers propose to give it; snd we notice one of the speakers at the recent meeting of the Kansas Shorthorn breeders proposed to improve upon the proposed restriction and carry it one stop nearer to its logical conclusion by a resolution that here after farmers and breeders in Kansas haying ocoasion to purchase Shorthorns should limit their selections to the herds of that State. Tho next thing will be a proposition that no one shall buy anything out of his own county or neighbourhood. About that time the childish ness of the whole thing will begin to be ap parent." It is interesting as showing how rapidly Victoria is developing as a wheat producing country to note that the statistics compiled by the Bailway department show that 20,000 bags per diem wero carried during thirty-three days, and 10,000 bags per diem during the previous nine days. The total quantity conveyed thus amounts to 750,000 bags, as against 666,000 bags during the same period in 1885. Contracts are new let for tho construction of 1000 rail way trucks so-as to be prepared for the largely increased yield of the ensuing season. : There oould nojt possibly be better testimony to the admirable quality of Western Queens land from a grazier's point of view than was afforded at the late Wollongong show, when the first prize for best fat oow was awarded to a cow bred and fattened by Mr: William Sly, at Ardoch station, Bulloo River. Five oows from the station also took first prize for the best Sen of five. The name of the drover who could ring his stock to market in suoh prime condi tion deserves mention; it is H. Loman. Messrs. Leeds and Sutton sold the draft of which tho abovo were a portion at Home bush. At the Agricultural Show at Hammstadt, in Sweden, King Oscar II recently awarded, in person, a prize to an Uncommonly fine large bull. Suddenly the bull dropped on its knees, and remainod in that attitude until the King gave it the signal to rise. During last summer tho herdsman had oaref ully trained tho animal to perform tho trick, the dairyman acting the part of the King. A large Riverina property—the Howlong station—-was sold by auction in Melbourne on 25th February. It is situated upon tho Mur rumbidgoe River, and comprises 61*585 aores freehold, with 29,465 sheep, 42 cattle, and 29 horses. It was sold on account of Messrs. Budd Bros, to Mr. Joseph Rudd, for £62,000. The report of the officer in charge of the Babbit. Department of New South Wales for the month of Deoember last is to the effeot that the area inspected aggregates 4,089,654 aores, of whioh 3,657,266 aores were found to be rabbit infested. On 222 of the blocks inspected, rabbits were decreasing; on 214, stationary; on 86, increasing; the remaining 109 were apparently unoccupied by the pest. The total number of men employed on the work of de struction on the blooks visited was 2285, and the numberof rabbits killed 852,739. Notwithstand ing the immense number of rabbits that are at present being killed, it is a matter for great regret that the prospects of eradicating the pest seem as remote as ever, tho reports showing that rabbits are slowly but surely making their Way into the northern portion of the colony. As regards agricultural prospects in Viotoria we learn from the Australasian that sinoe the late rains ploughing is proceeding briskly, and in some districts the impossibility of getting wheat away from the railway stations is giving additional time for ploughing. The price of wheat is evidently not oheoking the work of breaking up land, f armors generally being well satisfied with the capabilities of the soil if only moisture enough be forthcoming, as now seems likely to be tho oase. Heavy yields will pay at low prices, whilst poor ones will not, and thus in Viotoria wheat-growing is not so Jikely to bo given up, or the area reduced, as in other parts of Australia, where the average yield per acre is muoh lower. The damage to potato crops in the Camperdown distriot is serious. Between the drought, caterpillars, and locusts not a single head of potatoes re mains of some crops. Hay upon the whole in the aame distriot has done well. Bush-fires have been prevalent, but the late rains have quenched them. The Buenos Ayres Standard calls attention to the wonderful development of the Southern territories of the Argentine Republic that has taken place during the last six years, conse quent upon the successful campaign whioh swept the, Indians off tho fertile plains beyond the Alvina frontier. Five years- ago, it is remarked, the valley of the Bio Negro was a mere geographical expression; to-day it is thickly stocked and settled from .the mouth of the river up to' the meeting of the waters of the Limay and the Nauquen s Patagones and Viedma were then mere straggling villages ; now they are flourishing settlements supplying the wants of a rich territory. The Govern ment has ordered the measurement and sub division of 1000 square leagues of land near the colony, and new expeditions are talked of to explore' the neighbouring territories. The Welsh colonists are said to be eager to settle at the foot of tho Andes, where there is an abun dance of fertile land for a large population. .Great progress has been made in the means of communication now regularly established both by land and by water for 300 miles up the Bio Negro Valley as far as Boca. The largest farm in England has been thrown upon its owner's hands. It is in Lmcolnshire, and consists of 2700 acres. The tenant paid £1 per aero. This year a reduction of 50 per cent was made to him, but finding, although an experienced and energetic farmer, that even at the reduction he could not make two ends meet, he has thrown up his farm. 