ARTHUR LAHOOi, THE AUSTRALIAN BUSHMAN. BY AKCUS MACLEAN. Aurnoa of " Harry Bloojutusld," Ac. CHAPTER I. BRACK THURSDAY. It was on the morning of that memorable, ay whioh holds Bach a conspicuous position In the annals of Victorian history — " Black Thursday "—that a young horseman emerged from the Plenty ranges, shaping his course towards the lower, and settled portion of the upper Plenty. The heat even at that early hour beoame 8lmost intolerable. The blazing Bun which was partly enveloped in the olouds of smoke issuing from the bush- fires, cast a terrible hue of purple over the Bcorohed and dreary landscape. Not a living thing could be seen or beard ; even the noisy parraket held its Bhrill and disoordant chirrup, and the kangaroo took refuge in the shady scrub, to doze away the awful oppression which weighed on the face of nature. The yonng bnahman whom we are about to introduce to the reader, and who, ap parently, had weathered many a soorohing uny judging by the tanned color of his skin — manifested some uneasiness at the unusual appearanoe of the heavenB; for he constantly oast a searching glance at the burning sun, and also at the fireB raging behind; whioh drove him out into the open oountry. His age might bo about seventeen ; his com plexion was dark, probably by exposure to an Australian sun ; for that portion of his pkin which had been covered, or shaded, ap peared white and delicate as a female's.. His hair, eyebrows, and the slight beard which covered his upper lip, were blaok. His eyes —whioh were Blightly shaded — were dark, and most expressive. His mouth was well- Bbaped, with thin lips, showing great firm ness for his years ; he had a straight, but short nose, -and a nicely-rounded chin. His figure appeared rather slight round the waist; but the shoulders were remarkably broad for his age, with long arms ; in short, all his limbs-were well knit, and his whole person set forth a perfeot type of Australian rough-rider and thorough bushman, for it ap peared manifest to an experienced eye that he was perfeotly " at home " in his saddle. He rode one of tbose wiry and hardy horses which his district — Maneroo— has been so famed for producing — horses whioh were un- equaled for endurance and courage. The young bushman wbb olothed in oord, strapped pants ; a red Crimean Bhirt ; Na poleon, or riding boots; a tweed jacket strapped before him on the saddle, with a oabbage-tree hat on his well-formed head. A large stock-whip hung in coilB from the side of his saddle, while he rode slowly along with that ambling pace peouliar to stookmen while in search of cattle ; but even at that slow paoe. the young rider seemed anxious and puzzled at tbe quantity of perspiration which poured from the flanks of the hardy steed. He occasionally laid his palm on each side to ascertain the cause, and also drew the drooping earn through his fingers — another feature which gave him uneasiness oonoerning his trusty nag, lest it should "knook up " before he gained his destina tion; but he was too good a judge to believe that his morning' aride could cause such langour and exhaustion in the animal. The intense oppression and the alarming state of the weather beoame every moment more apparent. The hot winds blew in ter- rifio gusts, sweeping away in whirling olouds ; dried leaves and duBt, while the sun became bvercaBt with mountains of impenetrable smoke bom the numerous bush- fires whioh continually sprang up in fresh parts, pro ducing a gloom whioh threatened to extin guish the light of day. The horse, whioh had before manifested suoh fatigue, gave a sudden bound that al most unseated its experienced rider, who, on balancing and steadying himself again in the saddle, turned his head round to ascer tain the oause of the unaccountable freak of his nag. He saw to his horror the flames of the bush-fires speeding after him at a fearful rate, and the burning leaves (one of whioh alighted on the horse's hind-quarter) shower ing around him like fire-flakes. There was no necessity to spur his horse onwards, for the animal instinctively comprehended the peril whioh threatened them, and flew away at a furious pace, bounding and snorting at every freBh spark whioh fell on its hide. The dangerous situation in whioh the rider found himself placed brought forth all his judg ment and experience in averting the raging element ; but to his consternation he beheld, fresh fires springing up all around him through the flaming leaves and grasses whioh were bome away on the whirl-winds. The olouds of smoke and ashes in weioh he was enveloped prevented him from seeing any distance ahead; but at last some indica tions of habitations being in the vicinity beoame evident, for he perceived some chil dren flying across his path in great terror towards a farm-house a distance to one side. At this moment he beheld a little girl of about six years old, who had seemingly been left behind by her more speedy and older companions, running round in the same spot, with her little hands covering her eyes, in order to shade them from the Bmoke and aBhes, while she oried pitifully after the re treating fugitives. Seeing her perilous and forlorn situation, the young horseman . checked his flying Bteed with a sudden pull whioh almost brought it on its haunohes; when he sprang upon the ground, caught tbe ohild in his arms, vaulted into the saddle again, and rode off this time towards the farm ; but, unfortunately, he beheld to his disappointment, a strip of fire cutting him off, whioh compelled him to hold on his original course in order to escape destruc tion. The ohild, who Btill held her eyes dosed, instinctively iburied-' her face in her pro- teotor's bosom, while her little arms wound round his waist. The young man at the same time held her with one arm before him on the saddle, while he guided and man aged the horse with the other hand. They rode this way tor a short distance, when the terrified ana exhausted animal plunged into a long pond or water hole whioh stretched v.:- across their oourse. The young rider with \- ' his burden quiokly extricated himself from the saddle, and, after swimming a few strokes touohed bottom, where he stood with the cold water up to his chest still holding the ohild in his arms. The horse, also, in finding such a cool ele ment, stood still with the water up to his baok, which protected him from the heat and fiery sparks. ' Tbe ohild,. who was first to speak after their sudden immersion exclaimed : " Where are we Mr. Whitford, is it the water- hole?" "Iam not Mr. Whitford my pet; open your eyeB and see," replied the young man, encouragingly. " I can't open them ; they are full of salt," pleaded the ohild, pitiously rubbing the bitter ashes from them. "Wait, my dear, I will bathe them for you," added her preserver, bathing her pretty (ace, and manifesting as muob skill in that benevolent operation as a nurse- girl. After getting clear of the ashea which im peded her vision, the ohild opened her large blue eyes and Btared wonderingly in the . young man's face, which was close to her own ; when her pretty lips began to tremble and puree up, ominous signs — as he under- stoop — of weeping, when he encouraged her in the following words : "Don't cry, child ; you know I saved you from the fire, which would burn you to death if I had not come the way." " Oh, so yon did.. I remember now 1 the naughty, boys left me behind when they saw the big fire coming ; „ but see, there it comes again 1" This was bat too true. The young man turned round his head, when to his utmost consternation he saw the devouring flames ooming towards them again. Their situation beoame awful in the extreme, there was no escaping the threatened danger, and even if the water should save them from aotual scorching, the suffooating heat and smoke would deprive them of air to breathe. The child cried and coughed, exclaiming convulsively: " I am choked, I can't breathe 1" while she gasped, as if in her last agonies, for the stifling smoke and ashes, with the scorching heat, beoame every moment more alarm ing. " Keepfyour head down in my Bhadow, and yonr mouth near the water," suggested the young man setting the example, whioh saved both from a terrible death, for generally a slight anrrent of air floats over the water in these oases. As providence would ordain it also, or by a happy acoident, a bend in the creek direoted the coarse of the fire a few yards from the bank near them thus making their situation more hopefnl, and raising tbe young man's oonrage. The sweeping hurrieane-hurried the flames past them with fearful velocity, devouring on its destructive oourse everything before it, and leaving on that terrible day many a family homeless and shelterless, land bereft of all their worldly effeots. The little girl, who manifested extraordi nary intelligence beyond her years, and who apparently understood perfeotly the critioal situation they were placed in, and the great obligations Bne stood in towards the stranger who saved her life at the peril of his own, on suspecting now the greatest danger to be over, and breathing more freely, raised her head slowly, and, after cautiously looking on both sides, whispered " Is the big fire all gone ?" " Yes my dear, Providenoe has saved us," replied the young man. "Bat if it were not for you poor Nina would be burnt," added the ohild inno cently. " That is true, Nina, but you must know that it was Providence sent me thfs way to save you." "And you were nearly lost yourself in saving me? I suppose you oould gallop away from the fire if you hadn't taken me!" " I might ; hut that would be cruel, Nina." " You are very good, and mamma will be very happy and thankful to you for saving her poor Nina. I heard your heart pray ing, when my ear was to your breast a while ago." " Did you pray youself, Nina ?" " Yes ; I do every morning and night, for mamma learnt me lots of prayers." " That's a good little girl ; you always say them, and Providence will proteot you the same as to-day." - After the above conversation the yonng man, seeing all danger over, emerged with his wet burden from the watery element, and waded towards the bank which escaped the fire, where he set down the ohild. But her cramped limbs could not hold her up, so that she was obliged to sit down while her pre server led out of the water the sagaoious animal whioh brought them to this place of safety. Mounting again, with the child in his lap, the horseman steered his way oautiously through the burnt ground towards the place where he knew the farm house Btood, in order to deliver his young oharge safely. He had, however, to piok his track, and evade many smouldering objects which imperilled the hoofs of his nag, leBt the poor animal Bhonld suffer more injury ' from the fires which had nearly proved fatal to them that morning. On riding along little Nina gained more oonrage, and chatted away at a great rate, informing her deliverer that she was her mamma's only child, and that they were both staying at Mr. Whitford's house. That Mr. Calder had a farm on the other side of the creek, and that Mr. Calder's boys took her away that morning along with them to look for the cows, and, on seeing the bush-fire eoming, they ran away and left her. On reaching the farm, a frightful speetaole presented itself to the young man. The com- fortable and snag establishment whioh, au hour before, Btood before him, had now a most deplorable and desolate aspect. Not a vestige of honse, stacks, barn, or fence was to be seen, and the only traces of the snug dwelling whioh remained were the two briok chimneys, and confused heaps ot smouldering debriB, the remains of the im« " provements. Some men and children were walking and seareliing abont the rnins, who, on seeing the stranger ride towards them with the supposed jerished Nina, flew to meet them witbmani- i est joy. When the young man offered to deliver her up, to them, she strongly objected, exolaiming eagerly : "No, no! yon take me yourself to my mamma, that she may thank you for saving her Nina 1" Mr. Whitford, who now approaohed the stranger, suggested, since the ohild was anxious to present the deliverer to her mother, that her wishes ought to be granted, and told the young man, as he had no plao8 himself to invite the stranger to, and that his family and Nina's mother had been compelled to seek safety in Mr. Calder's honse (whioh es caped the conflagration) ha shonld ride over to his neighbor's honse. The young man con sented accordingly, and, on entering the house, a mournful scene presented itself to his eyes. Nina's mother, who, apparently, had been before in a delicate state of health, now, on supposing her fond and only chiffi to have perished in the fire, fell into fits, which succeeded one another so closely that her life was almost despaired of. The little girl flew to her invalid mother's ooueh; wound her arms round her neck, beseeching her to kiss her poor Nina. The voice of the child roused the mother at last, when the joyful intelli gence was communicated to her whioh greatly relieved her sufferings ; but it was evident to those present that the shook her deli cate frame had received would prove fatal. The young stranger looked on in mournful contemplation ; but on hearing the voice ol the invalid, he gave a sudden start, which did not escape the kind eye of Mrs. Whit- '03. . , . The mother, after the first effusion of affec tion towards her little child, and on hearing that the brave and gallant resouer of her only daughter was present, turned round, ex tending her delioate hand to him, and feebly exolaiming : . " My brave youth, may Providence reward you for preserving my child," but her weak state would not permit her to say more. The young stranger took the feeble hand in his, ana acknowledged her grateful remark in a few words, on hearing which she gave an Involuntary start, saying : " That voiae ! how very like !" the last of her words were so low that no one present flcould make out their purport. The yoisHj rinwger stood (or a while as lost in thought, looking abstractedly at the beautiful but frail image before him. The vital Bpark had almost deserted its frail tens, ment through the terrible experiences of that morning.. The pale and hollow cheeks, the moistened brow, and the deep, sunken but brilliant eyes, were sad proofs of near dissolution. It was now suggested that a person should start off at onoe for the nearest medical man, which, on hearing, the stranger proposed (as ho himself was on his way" to Melbourne) that he should accomplish that object, which kind act every one present thanked him for. On taking leave, little Nina ran towards him holding up her pretty face to receive his part ing kiss ; when, with a sudden burst of un controllable affection he raised her in his arms and embraced her fondly, while she wound her little arms round his neck, whispering in his ear : " Will you pray for poor mamma?" " I will, my dear. God protect you my poor child ! I may see.you again." CHAPTER II. a SHORT FAMILY SKETCH. The reader has no doubt already recognised our hero, Arthur Lp.ndon, in the person of the young bushman who arrived so oppor tunely, and so heroically rescued the little Nina from the jaws of the devouring element on " Blaok Thursday." Arthur Landon, though young and not very attractive in ap pearance, possessed may qualities which, in the bush of Australia, would entitle him to the claims of a hero. Brought up under the watchful eyes of fond and virtuous parents, and naturally brave and honorable in his disposition, possessing most accomplish ments necessary for a bold and thorough bushman— these advantages, combined with a warm and affectionate heart,, made him already a great favorite with all who knew him. His father, George Landon, being of re- speotable parents in the mother country, took his passage ont to Sydney when Arthur — who was the eldest of the family — was buf two years old. His mother had been marrief before to a young member of family o. th9 aristocracy, and an heir to an estate, but died suddenly after the 'birth of an only daughter, leaving his young widow — whom he married against the consent of his parents — unprovided for. His relations took charge of his infant daughter in order to bring her np in a manner becoming an heiress to an estate. The widow, thus unoared for by her late husband's relatives, at last consented to be come George Landon's wife— he being a suitor of hers before her first marriage. This IaBt act closed the hearts of her first hus band's friendB against her, and deprived her of ever receiving any favors at their hands. George Landon, whose means were not adequate to keep the style to which he and his wife were accustomed in their former days, and before all their little capital should exhausted they resolved on emigrating to Aus tralia in order to better their circumstances. There they could put up with many incon veniences, and be free from the critical gaze of the fashionable world. George Landon had not calculated on the heavy expenses of outfit and passage money, and on arriving in Sydney he found his small capital at a far lower head than he anticipated. He, how- over, possessed a manful heart and persever ing mind, wnieiiWac np for. Joes. of capital. After remamg a short tune in Sydney, lie had been advised to purchase a few head of cattle and horses, and to find some grazing country where they might increase in a short time. But after purchasing the stock he found out by experience that the grazing country was not altogether so easily dis covered as he expected, and, after shifting from one place to another, he at last found some rough oountry in the Maneroo district, at the foot of the Australian Alps. In this wild region he settled down with his stock for a short time, when he was joined by a decent and industrious Irishman named Haley, who had been lately married to a nice country girl of his own. Being within four miles of each other, and their rnns joining, the two small squatters became a great help and protection to one another. Thus they lived for years on the best footing and in perfect harmony, while their families and stock increased.' They bad to go through a good deal of hardship, as may be expected, for the first years of their squatting, until their ohildren grew np. Bat that succour came by degrees, especially to Landon, as Arthur soon became an active and useful lad in the bUBh among the stock. Haley was not so fortunate, for his eldest child was a daughter, and (our years Arthur Landon's junior. Nevertheless Kathleen Haley soon became useful, and could ride as well through the wild ranges as any young stockman in Aus tralia, for she had an excellent tutor in Arthur who took great pains in her eauest- rian instructions. Arthur also gave Haley often a hand in mustering, branding, ana looking after his stock, as well as his own father's ; and as Kathleen— whojwas growing up very fast like all other native girls— rode with him on these oocasions, a close intimacy sprung up between them which at last de veloped into a more tender feeling. We have already given an imperfeot sketch of Arthnr'slooks and, althongh they were not oaloulated to make a " heavy impression " on a female's heart, nevertheless Kathleen Haley disooverd certain attractions in her yonng neighbor's bronzed visage and 'piercing blaok eyes. Althongh she kept these impressions sealed within her yonng and virgin bosom, she often acknowledged to herself that Arthur was the only " perfeot " yonng man that she ever beheld. Nothing was done properly un less he had a hand in it. She would not ride a young eolt unless he had the breaking Of it in. Her Baddle, bridle, or any other little article belonging to her riding gear must pass through his hands; and even her habit and other dresses had to be left to his judgment before she could wear them. We must not therefore be surprised that with all the confidences placed in him by his fair neighbor, Arthur oould not resist lov ing Kathleen. In addition to suoh Btrong claims on his affections, there were far greater charms connected with the young lady, whioh would prove fatal to a more experienced heart than our hero's, for Kathleen Haley waB one of the most beautiful and lovely creatures that the world ever produced. To give even a vague idea of her looks is not in the power of my pen to describe ; the reader, therefore, ipust form in his own mind a being possessed of all the beanty and innocence of onr first mother before her fall. The golden tresses falling in their wanton and natural state around the swan-like neck and shoulders. The pure and healthy rose whioh mantled the blooming cheeks ; the sparkling and betwitching twinkle of the dark bine eyes; the sweet and enchanting smile of the fall and pouting lips, whioh rivalled the redness of a cherry ; the well-set and exquisite ivory teeth ; the well-rounded and child- like chin, and the broad, bnt not too high, marble brow, and, above all, the elastio and graceful form, whose unrivalled mould was ravishing to be hold, when its fair owner rode with snoh con fidence and ease her spirited steed over all the obstacles whioh the wild and hilly coun try presented. It may be a bold statement to make, bu it is nevertheless true, that it is questionable whether any other spot under the sun oan produce such feminine lovliness, natural simplicity, combined with pprightiinem and vivacity, as the wild bush of Australia. The exciting and healthy exercise they in- ! dulge in, riding spirited horses over rough I and dangerous country, brings forth all i their courage and nerve, and gives them ! that blooming appearance of countenance I and to their eyes that sparkling and bril- I liant light. The Australian native girl3 | brought up under the careful guardianship of virtuous and pious parents, untrammelled by the formal and artificial customs of ; town societies ; their hearts and minds un- oontaminated and uncorrupted by worldly scandal, or the seductive whispers of the unprincipled libertine, live in their own pure atmosphere of perfect innocence. Such characters may be rare, yet there are some, and Kathleen was ono of the number. She had enjoyed all those advantages whioh improve the virgin mind and instruct it in all those moral habits so conducive to a virtuous life, for, besides her own paren ts' unimpeachable example, the more ladylike and refined manners of Mrs. Landon — Arthur's mother — inspired the fertile mind and quick perception of Kathleen Haley with high and lofty principles rarely met with in the bush. After giving the above sketch of the fair Kathleen, we muBt not leave in tbe shade another beautiful flower in this wild forest. Eliza — or Lizzie she was more often called — Arthur Landon's eldest sister, and a dear friend of Kathleen Haley's. Lizzie Landon, although of quite a different cast of beauty, was to some people's taste more .lovely. Her hair, eyes and eyebrows were black like her brother Arthur's, but her akin was aa whito and pure as the driven snow, without any color in her countenance save a slight delioate shade when ridiDg or taking ex ercise. Her features and figure were fault less, and there was an irresistible expression of langour in her liquid blaok eyes which gave a charm to her pale countenance, and filled the sonl of the beholder with admira tion. Lizzie's manner and temperament was mora refined and meek, with less epright- liness and vivacity than her fair neighbour and companion, Kathleen. She was also more timid in riding, and her whole charac teristics were more reserved and lady-like— propably after her mother, whose polished manner she strictly imitated. She seldom rode with Arthur and Kathleen over the ranges when after stoek, except on special oooasions, ana for exercise or pleasure. We must not omit to mention here that these two lovely flowers did not spring up j without some necessary culture, for their i parents — particularly Mrs. Landon — not- : withstanding the pressure of household I duties, took every opportunity of teaching I their children, so that they could read and i write well. Arthur supplied them with books ; when ever he paid a visit to any village or town he invariably bought a supply, among which were some of the best and latest novels of the day, and we must admit that "Scott," "Bulwer," and some celebrated lady writers had a share in forming the young minds of these beautiful children of nature. Thus they grew up in their innocence and loveliness, unconscious of their many charms and that their graceful forms were develop ing and verging on womanhood, until Arthur returned from hiB trip to Melbourne after " Black Thursday," when they had attained their thirteenyears. We must now enlighten the reader as to the reason or business whioh brought our hero to Melbourne, and which directed him. towards the Upper Plenty as referred to in the first ohapter. Arthur had been several times before this entrusted with the sale ol his father's and Haley's stock, both in. Twofold bay and Gippsland " morkota, where he disposed of them at satisfactory prices, considering the times. Bnt this season, aa tbcao places flid not offer any inducement regarding prices of stock, he accompanied a notable dealer named Jack Trenton— or Tantrum as he was often styled-— and who will make a prominent figure in our tale. Arthur accord ingly joined his mob with those of the cele brated Tantrum, and, after a fatiguing and scorching journey through the "snowy mountains,' Gippsland, and " Ferntree gullies," arrived at last in the great metro polis o! Victoria. Unfortunately, at that time, and before the golden era whioh was soon to follow, the markets were glutted, so that they were obliged to wait until a- rise in stock should take place, and had therefore to send them to a paddock Bituated on the Plenty, from which some, of the horses broke out and Btrayed to the ranges. Arthur had been in ' searoh of them on that memorable morning, when the bushfires drove him out. Thfl rfiftrtar is ftlrnfldo inlnrmoil nf Alia narrow escape he had on that occasion, and all we have got to say now is how he acted after leaving Mr. Whitford's— or rather Calder's residence. His garments were still wet, as may be snpposed, after bis long soaking in the pond, but this, instead of discommoding him, proved a great comfort on such a soorohing day. His horse also benefited by the bath he took, and carried its well-ex perienced rider safely to Melbourne, from wbenoe he sent a medioal man in poBt haste to the poor invalid. It must be remembered here that our hero's thoughts dwelt upon many specula tions while on the way to town. The Strang impressions made upon his sensitive mind by the invalid mother and her little daughter occurred to him on every occasion; nor oould he drive her beautiful and delicate looks from his eyes. But her voice held a more powerful impression on his imagina tion, "How very like my mother's voice 1" was an expression whioh often esoaped his Hps. " And that sweet little girl ; how fond I got of her all at onoe," he would add, and the whole event appeared so strange and mysterious. A few days after this the straysd horses were found, and an improvement in the stock market had taken place. They accord ingly disposed of the whole mob at a fair prioe. Our hero, although a very abstemious young man, enjoyed himself on his first trip to the city. Every novelty presented in that grand place was observed and imprinted on his mind vividly, particularly the plays at the theatre. " Romeo and Juliet" had been enaated on one of these occasions, and onr hero, who took great delight in reading Shakespeare's plays, for the first time beheld them acted. He consequently took immense delight in the same, and determined to store up in his mind that and all other novelties he had seen, in order to repeat them to his sister Lizzy and playmate Kathleen. Not withstanding the fine dresses and other artificial improvements in the persons and faces of the Melbourne ladies, he could not see any among them who could rival Kath-. leen in beauty as he thought. But she was only a child as yet, in his imagination, whom he had known from infancy. Thus he argned to himself until his return home. OHAPTER HI, THE FIRST KISS. Before leaving home on his trip to Mel bourne with the stock for market, Arthur Landon had been commissioned by bis father and Haley to engage a? tutor for the children of both families. This needful person he found in a young man whose age could not exceed twenty, and who had been one of Jack Tantrum's drivers.How Jack fell in with this person was a mystery to Arthur, for he appeared far superior to either Jack, himself, ; or his other men, who were of the usual | rough type of Australian stookmen. The j young fellow, whose namewas Frank Anatey, ; eeemed to have seen better days both' by ap- j pearanee, conversation and manners. The J other drivers look every opportunity of in sulting and keeping him under, calling him by several nicknames Buch as " Gentleman stockrider," " Swell stockman," and other epithets. Frank Anstey bore all these in sulting inuendoes with meekness, until they disposed of the stock. Then, on bearing Arthur — who became a great favorite of his — mention about finding a teacher,he profferred hi3 services. On finding oat that Jack Tan- trum had no binding agreement with AnBtey, Arthur engaged him at once. But when Jack heard of the engagement he beoame greatly enraged. This conduct on the part of Tantrum surprised Arthur, as Jack's con duct towardsAnsiey had always been tyranni cal, and as evidencing carelessness about his services. Our hero consequently guessed there must be some mystery connected with the terms between the parties, as Jack held several private consultations with ths young man, pressing on him, apparently, to renew his engagement with himself, But this Anatey refused stubbornly, when the former exclaimed with)a terrible oath — seeing him determined : " Never mind my young buok, I Bhall be upsides with you one of these days." Anstey appeared a little alarmed at the threat. However, he seemed resolved on getting clear of the bold dealer's toffs. Arthur questioned the young man several times S3 to his engagements with his former employer, and where Jack's station — the "Horseshoe" was situated — a mystery which no person in Maneroo could solve — neither of which questions would Anstey answer, which left Arthur stsil more surprised. We will now give the reader all the infor mation in our power regarding Jack Tan trum up to this time. He was one of those sharp bushmen who raise themselves from stockmen to dealers in cattle and horses. Jack was first suspected of earning the greater part of- his income by hiding or 'planting" stock in those wild and nnfre'- quentad gullie3 among the Alps, and when ever rewards were offered for those "strayed" " lost " cattle, he was sure to bring them to " light," and, as a matter of course, claim the reward. Several suspeoted persons had been found out and convicted for these offences, but Tantrum was too " knowing," and " wide-a-wake" to be canght, besides being the most experienced rider and bush man in the colonics. He was also suspeoted of " duffing " or changing brands, but even that charge was never proved against him. If he had done so, the knowing ones declared it must have been done so " neatly," that he could never be " balled out. There waB one Buspiciou3 characteristic about his stock that they were all branded afresh with a horse shoe, from under which some sharp-eyed people could discern obliterations of original brands. . Notwithstanding all these declara tions, Jack sailed as yet clear of the law, and carried on bis profitable speculations without interruption. In looks and person he was a very smart and attractive young fellow, with all the ac complishments of a real bushman. His language included all the Australian bush- slang, but he was nevertheless, a witty and an aggreoable companion. His beat, or those parts in which he car ried on bis trade, ranged through Maneroo, Twofold Bay, Gippsland, Melbourne, and Adelaide, following down the Murray through the Darling eountry. Sometimes he would take a trip to Queensland, and, occasionally, to Sydney, so that he had travelled all over the colonies in his time. When asked where his "bit of a run" (as he termed it), the " Hortjoahoo," was situated, the answer was always: — — " Oh, it is only a bit of «crubby country among the mountains." It seemed evident, however— althongh no person knew of its whereabouts— that it could not be far distant from Landon and Haley's runs, for Jack and his drivers invariably passed through these on his .way to and from Melbourne and Gippsland. Another peculiarity about his affairs was that he always had the same men, who seemed to have an interest or share in the transactions carried on by bim, and, by all appearance, they lived in perfect har mony and understanding with one another. Arthur Landon and they did not seem to pull together very well during their late trip, and the engaging of Anstey widened tne breach between himself and Tantrnm still more, which the former had no objeotion to, never liking the forward and suspicious dealer's mode of carrying on business. He, rnanlmil fn <?viirn Tiia Ann ofnnlr fn lU'AMVAV 4.VOU4TW1 UtllW MM OWVWfc «V market for the future. On arriving at home, the family greeted him with joy after so long an absence, and tbe small presents he brought from Mel bourne for each member were gratefully re ceived. Next morning, according to onstom, he rode over to Haley's with Kathleen's gift of books and other little articles, which were this time more valuable than usual, ooming from the grand city of Melbourne, and, on arriving, he was surprised to hear that Jaok Tantrum had been there the night previous, and only left a few minutes before. This news puzzled him the more, as he understood be fore he left Melbourne, that the horse-dealer intended starting by the Sydney-road round the Murray, but now he must have followed himself and Anstey closely on their heels. Kathleen was in.ecstaoies on the receipt of her valuable presents, and also the arrival of the doner. Arthur proposed to -take the customary ride through the run to see the stock, whioh had been neglected since he left, to whioh suggestion Kathleen agreeably con sented, and, accordingly," Kate Karney," her favorite steed was instantly saddled and bridled. It was a pretty sight to see the youthful pair setting.ont on this pleasant ride, " Kate Karney " prancing and rearing with impa tience, while her beautiful rider gracefully moved with each bound, and gently curbed her mettled steed, while Arthur cracked his long whip as he cantered by her side to, gather his cattle — his kangaroo dogs round them. Kathleen's silvery and merry laugh at the pleasant prospeot of a long ride could be heard- ringing on the morning breeze, while her cheeks glowed and her brilliant eye3 sparkled, illuminating her lovely face. Arthur could ast take his eyes off her, and wondered at his own stupidity that he never before now observed her many charms, whioh so completely eclipsed all the Melbourne beauties he had seen. Kathleen detected him so often looking at her, and not inter preting the reason, her cheeks became more deeply colored, when Bhe observed : — " Why do you look at me so hard Arthur ? I suppose yon see me bo coarse and ugly after the fine Melbourne ladies ?" " You are neither coarse nor ugly, Kath leen; but I cannot help seeing tbe great change in you Bince I left. Yon are really a grown up woman." " Well, well, Arthur 1 that is really rich I a grown up woman ? How oould I grow up a woman in two months sinoe you left ? It is only an excuse of yourB to1 say that you don't like to tell me that I am vulgar- looking after the fashionable town ladies." "You are perfectly mistaken, Kathleen. You are far more natural, and n ooking in my eyes than the artificial, Btarohed and laced np town ladies I saw." " Is not yonr Lizzy far nioer and ginteeler- looking than I ?" " She is very pretty, I think-; but a brother is no judge, she is not so tall or good-looking to my fancy as you are, Kathleen." " Now, now, Arthur, that is too muob. I 50 Bhall think you are flattering like Jaok Tan trum last night." ' I never flatter, Kathleen, I am telling my mind only." " Yes, I sapposeso. How nicely I wonld look this moment if I were galloping throngb Mel bourne streets and cracking my whip. They would soon put me in the madhonse." This ridionlous idea and remark of the ively Kathleen made the pair laugh so heartily that tbe sound of their merriment rang through ths gully and ranges around. After a while Arthur remarked with more anxiety than usual, " What was that you said abont Jack Tantrum flattering yon ?" " So he was, the nasty fellow. I hate that man. What do you think of his impudence 'offering me a lot of presents he brought from Melbonrne ? The same as if I would take his trash." " What did you say to him, Kathleen ?" " I 'told him that I did not want his pre sents, and that you were bringing everything I wanted. But just fancy what he said? ' Oh !' says he, I can afford better than Arthur Landon to give presents;" but I made him wild when I answered that they were more acceptable from yon." " I am very glad you said so, and also that you refused his pressnts.forl do not think he is a proper person. I'll never again travel with him; something tells me that he is not honest in his dealings." " I felt the same suspicion towards him, and, although he Beems to be a pleasant person in company, I feel myself tremble every time he speaks to or looks at me. I cannot make ont the reason, bnt somehow I feel afraid of his looks." " Well, Kathleen, he is a good looking fellow you must admit, far better looking and nicer than I am." "Not to my fancy, Arthar ; other people might think so." Thus the pair ohatted away while they walked their horses down a long valley to wards some waterholes where they intended to give their horses a drink and some rest during the heat of the day. They now changed the subject of their conversation, and Arthur gave his eager listener a detail of all his adventures since he left. The incident of Black Thursday interested his fair companion very much ; and above all, the novelties and plays he attended and witnessed in Melbourne. On arriving at the water holes they turned their horses loose, and sat down themselves under the shade of a cherry tree, when Arthar renewed the interesting subject of play acting, and rehearsed several parts and passages whioh his well stored memor - supplied bim with. Both were so much taken up with the snbjeet that Kathleen begged Arthur to aot a small part in order to give her an idea how it was performed. Arthur, eager to comply with her request, proposed to introduce a small part of his favorite play, " Romeo and Juliet," and, as he rememberd several passages in that pieae, he of course aoted Romeo while Kathleen decked her hair with wild flowers to represent the Juliet, and we question whether the original character ooold surpass the beauti ful bush girl in loveliness or looks. The part which Arthur undertook was that portion of Act 1 in scene fifth, when Romeo and Juliet first met in her father's house. Arthar succeeded well with his rehearsal, putting Kathleen throngh her part also, until he came to those wordB : Romeo. — " Then move not ; while my prayers' effect I take, Thus from my lips, by thine, my sin is purged." Kissing her. | Arthar in the excitement of the moment considering it his bounden duty to go through the performance, kissed Kathleen's lips before she had time to consider the aot, and when they felt the warm pressure, both blushed with cohfusion, which, as may be oupposed. Jbrought_the play to a sudden termination, as this was ffie firar nine tbtrt- their had lips met. Kathleen was the first to speak after this awkward interruption, saying : " Oh why did yon do that ? I had no idea that was a part of it." " I forgot myself at the moment with tbe excitement and imitating the actors in Mel bourne," replied Arthur with some con fusion. " Suely the women on the stage would not act that part before the pnbiio ?" " Of course they do, because it is part of the play, Kathleen." At this moment the dogs began to bark, which interrupted the would-be actors, and, on their looking in the direction which the dogs took, they beheld to their mortification Jack Trantrum riding slowly on the opposite side of the waterhole.' being, no doubt, a spectator of their ridiculous performance in the wild forest. " Oh my graoious what a shame !" burst from poor Kathleen, nearly dropping with confusion. "Bother, it is rather awkward. That fellow will be everywhere where not wanted," added Arthar, quite annoyed at his own im propriety. " He'll tell it all over the oountry I I wish I had not left home," exclaimed Kathleen in great trouble. "I'll never ask you to ride with me again Kathleen if yon are so very much annoyed at my kissing you. We are not the first that have done so," remarked Arthur, with some disappointment and bitterness in bis voice ; for something ltke jealousy seized him at that moment, seeing Kathleen so much vexed at Trantum catching her in the act. Poor Kathleen hang down her head, and her eyes could not meet those of her companion for tbe first time in her life. Arthar, seeing her confusion, his noble heart melted at once, and he softly added : . " You are not angry, Kathleen, at my kiss ing you ?" "No, Arthur, it was only for that fellow seeing us. He may think we are always going on so." "Never mind, Kathleen, we'll never give hicn the chance again. We will start for home at once." With that Arthar caught the horses, helped Kathleen in the saddle, and, while placing her habit properly round her, he beheld her cheeks still mounted with crimson, while her looks evaded his gaze. He wondered that she still felt annoyed at him, as he thought, nor oould Bhe reply to his conversation with out a tremor in her voice, so that very little talk passed between them oL their homeward ride. On arriving at her father's honse, and when helpingner ont of the saddle he felt her tremble in his arms, and lean heavier than usual upon him, while a sigh escaped her, not as in former days when she invari ably sprang to the ground without his as sistance. In placing her. on the ground this day he whispered in her ears lest any of the family should overhear them, and think ing she waa still annoyed at his miBtake. "Tell me, Kathleen, art you still angry with me?" " No, no, Arthur ! but I feel so strange now when you tonoh me," she replied, in a low key. Poor innocent ohildren! little did they imagine the effeots of that first and onpror mediated kiss. It was on his way home to his father's honse, that Arthar be came aware of the sadden transformation in his feeling towards Kathleen. Her nnrivalled beanty became more apparent as he dwelt upon her image. That soft and mnsioal whisper she spoke in his ear when inhis arms was sweeter than all the music he ever heard. The delightful thrill : whioh the pressure of her pouting her lips sent through his heart still vibrated in his I veins, The joyful girl of the morning changed in one instant into a loving and beantifal woman. Butwhat were Kathleen's feelings during this time? Her mother won dered at the daughter's apparent lethargy and quietness. Kathleen, without changing her habit as usual, sat in her room with the door eloeed. Her eyes gazed forth into vacancy, and a stifled sigh would escape her now and then. What strange sensations passed throngh her heart since that moment when Arthnr's lips touohed her'o? Was there witchcraft in the kiss whioh caused such unaccountable feelings ; or was it a meamerio influence that was in Arthur's touch ? She had read, and heard Arthar describe that morning, the extraor dinary powers of the professor of eleotriobi- ology whom he saw performing in Melbonrne. Could Arthur have that gilt whioh made her so passive in his arms, when he assisted her off the horse, and, above all, that kiss whioh she still felt on her lips ? She conld not comprehend the reason that made her now so shy to look into his face. Thus Bhe oommnned with her own thoughts, when her mother called from the next room : " Kathleen, my honey, are yon ill ? What is the matter ? I hope you had no fall ?" " Ob not all, my dear mother ; I only feel a little tired," replied Kathleen, evasively, with a slight tremor in her soft voice. " I'm sure there is something the matter with you, my ohild, I know by your voice You should not ride ont these hot days, for fear of getting a sunstroke," added the anxious parent; bat her daughter made some exonse which quietened her mother's apprehensions. If that lady but knew that the real oause of her daughter's ailment was. Arthur's kisB she would have indulged in a hearty laugh ; for many a time she had been treated in the same manner herself in her native land by the " boys." when a girl, and never thought of it the next moment. It was the custom there, but not so in the bush of Australia. Kathleen had never been treated with suoh familiarity before, and the effect of it caused a strange revolution in her feel- ' ings, which no one but those who have ex perienced sensations produced by a virgin embrace oould understand. Instead of being annoyed at it as poor Arthur had imagined by Kathleen's singular oondnot and quietness, the more she thought on the action, the more sacred and delight ful it seemed to her mind. She could still feel the sweet touch on her lips and tingling through her nerves, and came to the resolu tion not to taste food or drink for some time lest the charming sensation should be ob literated from her lips. These innooent ideas may seem ridiculous and childish to the worldly fair, ignorant oj he veneration held by the innocent ohild of nature towards tbe first kiss of love. ( Tn In' rent in 