Bl MIMI Illili THURSDAY, MARCH 10, 2S37. THE NEW SPEAKEB. MR. J. H. YOUNO bas been chosen by a majority of the Legislative Assembly e.s Speaker. How he will carry himself in the Chair remains to be seen. The House was Bomewhat in a predicament. The country, which on the whole has made a good selection of members, returned only one who by general consent would have been a con* epicuous «ucceBs in the Chair. And Mr. Foster .prefers the Attorney- Generalship, poesibly with a seat in prospect on the Supreme Court Bench. At any rate, he de- clined the honour within his grasp. Other gentlemen, who may not unreasonably be thought capable, aUo refused, or were not asked. So that practically the contest lay between Mr. Young and Mr. Dibbs. In many respects the late Colonial Secretary seemed fitted for the position. He has had a moro lengthened parliamentary and official experience than the successful candidate ; he has a commanding appearance, is strong in health and will, has no mean mental parts, and if he has never betrayed any Í notable acquaintance with procedure, could gfcfc up that knowledge as Mr. Young will be obliged to get it up. As far as acquired ][ abilities for the post of Speaker are concerned, 1 both candidates were pretty much on the ' same footing. Euch would have needed to go to school to the Clerk at the table, and to May, Todd, etc. But Mr. Dibbs is the owner of several very distinct disqualifications. He belongs to a discredited political party ; and it would be aside from the propriety of things that he-regarded not unfairly by the country as chief offender euould be rewarded by the highest post in the gift of the Assembly Moreover, his firm- ness of will is apt to degenerate into brutal obstinacy ; and it is doubtful whether a man BO pugnacious iu a particular way, and BO arrogant and domineering, would have pre- ceded iu due measure the dignity of the chair. Mr. Young has had a short career in Parliament and a very brief term of office. He has never been a conspicuous member, and we know little of him. But this we know - that to none of the acenes which-bave disgraced our recent parliamentary life did he contribute anything. He has been a model of propriety. .His speeches have always given us as readers the impression thtttithoy were the utterances .of a cautious and fair .man, anxious for the truth, who never spoke without having studied the sub- ject in every aspect. Of his physical and mental qualities further than this, we are ignorant. iWe mutt usaume that the majority, knowing that the Speaker must occupy a very oneroup position,,-and may be called upon to rule very turbulentelements, have deliberately chosen a man capable in their opinion. Wo have been ßbtoniahed to read in a local print a statement that Mr. Young was nominated hy the Ministerial party in pur- suance of an arrangement between him and the Pritne'3iimister, and to compensate him j for exclusion from the Cabinet. The existence of such an arrangement had been hinted at in the metrópoli?, and both Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Young gave the rumour a most emphatic denial But the wiiter to whom we allude ignore» the denial, and.uies the rumour as the foundation of some very pbarisaio comments. Possibly some lnem-bors of the Ministerial party, thinking Mr. Young ought to have been in the Government, put him for- ward as Speaker by way of offering a solace. Action such as this doea not presuppose a contract or understanding, and that there was such a conti act or understanding is denied with indignant emphasis. Doubtless, choice of a chairman on a basis which ma-kes his fiteesaa'secondary consideration would ¡be a fair subjeet for adverse somment. But that the choice wa« mide on that basis would require to be proved ; and to go further and coolly assume the operation of a corrupt bargain, and to Gondemn it, is very contemptible conduct. "We only hope Mr. Young's career in the chair will be worthy of the traditions of the high office to which his fellow-raembtr« have pre- ferred him. I "WE do not know that the circumstance is satisfactory, but we suspect that if the secret I history of all political intrigues, or indued of any current political life, were written, the revelations would be very similar to those of the Greville Memoirs. " We are struck," j eaya the Tpjiea, " by the petty motive! actu- J ating the most prominent public men. We are t>ld how Cabinets were imperilled and colleagues thrown over from feeliDgs of per- sonal mortification, or in some passing fit of pique. "We see individuals of cooler tem- peraments or more far-sighted ambition* industriously playing their private games in the selfish forecast of probable contingen- cies. Politicians seem as a rule, and not without reason, to have conceived the most indifferent opinion of each other, and were greatly guided in their personal calculation by mutual suspicions "which wore by no meaos ill founded." It is, not a very noble sentiment that derives gratification from a sense that we ave not worse than'other men. Yet, when I colonial politicians are vilified and sneered at and condemned for emallneus of conduct, such tittle-tattle as MP, Grevillehas put forth -shows at leaat that in a political world much j larger than ours, men can be just BB little as our great men. There is, unfortunately, ajgroat deal of human nature in man. Ia every com- munity of men work envyings, strifes, back- biting«, covetousness of power-the various passions and feelings which set men at war with each other. In the political battle as in the larger conflict of life, men are required to rise to better things on the etepping-stones_of their dead selves.* J^They muBt, in St. Paul's ^vords,2°crucify the]).flesh, with ;its affections and lusts.^DoubtlessSindividualB public or private do constantly make the^en deavour to comply with this injunction. They fail in reaching complete compliance, but also they have some measure of BuceeBs. Or political and private life would be woree than it is. "We doubt if the tattling busy body, whether reporter or diarist, is to be welcomed or commended, Let us take it for granted that mean motives, selfishness and selfseeking are inseparable from human conduct. But what advantage is there in tearing the veil away, what benefit does mankind derive from seeing the dirty under-currents of life ? Where ignorance ÍB comparative bliss is it not folly to be wise ? If revelations such as those of Mr. Greville really effected any reform, they would be juBtified.^jBuB they have no Buch result, and human nature goes on its way, doing its work nobly or ignobly,',Jpretty much in the same way jin everyjage. Take any satire of any day, and MrT PuuchgandjhiB confreres ¡will be found to have their proto- types and the sarcasmsjto be directed at the same kind of human shortcoming. ^\ UNDENIABLY, Mr. Garrett is doing wisely in setting the unemployed to work in scrub clearing. It was made¡¡evident last year that vast tracts of country had become useless throngh the spread of pine thickets. Formerly they were subject to periodical destruction by bushfire, but since the country has been taken up, such a rough-and-ready weapon of repression-an exterminator it manifestly was not-is rather dreaded by pastoral lessees. Evidently, the work of clearing is necessary work-and calculated to be profitable to the State. It is desirable too that as much as is pos eible of the work Bhould be done by the Govern- ment. Judging from the circular sent by the Minister to district surveyors, only resumed areas will be operated on by the unemployed. Lands under lease, however, need clearing quite as much, and we must conclude that Mr. Garrett has thej intention to amendjjtht land la wa so that lessees may be| encouraged tojclear. Extirp&tion;^ofj'the scrub ip|a bi<> thing, and without special ¡empoweringjlegia lation, doubtless, could not be undertaken wholly by the Government. The advantage of the direct action of the Government in getting rid of scrub, over its achievement of a similar purpose indirectly by en- couragement to lessees is thnt in the former case the land is placed in no jeopard; of becoming private property by virtue of any moral claims to it, which effective clearing under lease may be used to set up. And another incidental advantage is that scrub cutting will draw off into the country labour that has a tendency to become congested about Sydney. Yet we cannot ignore certain dangers and unsatisfactory considerations in- cidental to Mr. Garrett's scheme. The unemployed difficulty is in itself an unsatis factory thing. And, though Bcrub-clearing i* an essential to profitable occupation of the infested country, the coincidence of the unem- ployed difficulty and its removal by putting the men on the work, will serve to strengthen the feeling that, whenever labour needs employment, the Govern- ment is bound to find it. Moreover, supervision of the work is necessary, and may involve the appointment of new officers, and the enlargement of our already overgrown Civil service. Undoubtedly it opens a way for creating fresh places for the proteges ot Ministers or members. Then, agaiust the withdrawal of labour from the metropolis muerfc be set the removal of the work from public oversight, with the consequent danger* that it may be done at the rate of the Govern ment stroke, inefficiently, and at the public expense, not in the way of first cost, but in the way of wasting the money and" demoralising and pauperising the workers. A further danger"<of its remoteness, less probable perhaps than t%e one just indicated, is that the workers may ^B overdriven by hard task- masters, that the commissariat may be badly managed, and that privation and hardship may be imposed, to the jproduction of agrave public scandal. Still, if <*ue care be taken in the appointment of ju'dieijus and good organising overseers, on the whole the ad vantages of overcoming the unemployed dif- ficulty in Mr. Garrett's way will preponderate over the evils. 