Moulamein. (VHQM A CORRESPONDENT) Tlie weather during the past weelc has been warm, and notwithstanding the heavy thunderstorm of last Thursday morning, when 75 points of ruin fell. Tho grass ia' getting dried up on the high ground, and being so thickly mntted together there is great danger of bush fires, as if once started, there would be no stopping its derastation, especially if there wrs nny breeze to fan tho (lames. The hot weather has hastened tho ripen ing of the crops which ore now well ad vanced. and I learn that us there is no possibility of there being any demand for hay, several of tho largest soleotors aro going to strip their crops this year, and send their wheat to market, most probably to Hay, vrhero there will be sufficient demand for their produce, both for seed and other purposes. One selector alone has 1000 bags in readi ness for his wheat. The crops are spoken of as being very good, in ofie or two instances there is too mttch flag in patohes, and a little red rust has been noticed elsewhere. The sheds delivering their wool at havo now finished, Nap Nap being tho last, having one or two loads now ou the way. Tho accident to tho Ferret at Swan Hill, whioh happened about a fortnight ngo, bus been fell rather soverely uround Moulumoin. Several selectors who havo not long been sottled seem, uccording to ro|K)rt3 to have lost all their wool. The two top tiers of the Ferret's barge was made up of wool from Messrs. Angus Cameron, Jackson, Dillion, O'Bree and Hudson, und I understand that tho wool of Messrs. Jackson, Dillon, and O'Bree, wus uninsured, which will bo a heavy loss to them. Mr. Angus Cam eron's wool was insured, and, I am in formed that Mr. Hudson's wool was insured, being the first time he has done so for the last five yoars. This is what I call ' tho devils own luck.' The river is still high and there still remains a good quantity of wool in store at Moulamein awaiting shipment, the steamer service has not been by any means sufficient this year to insure the proper despatch of the wool from the Edwards. The clip being so very large. Mr. Wntson, of Deniliquin, has got the contract for the forming of a road from the bridge over the billabong to the punt at Mr. VVurren s Hotel, and will begin operations shortly. Several lots of stock have passad and crossed here lately, and for the last few months the total Stock movements have been far in excess of any for a like period for the last fifteen years. Tenders for the additions to the old court-house close on Tuesday, 1st No vember, but from what I learn, very few enquiries have been made by intend ing tenderers 