The Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; The year is ending with weather which is extraordinarily changeable. Intense heat and dryness have been displaced by chilling blasts aud heavy showers. The first days of the present week brought heavy rain to several districts. Tumut experienced a great gale, which levelled large trees, unroofed houses, and carried away large objects such as drays. The orchards suffered severely, but, strange to think, the cereal crops sustained little, if any, damage. The first thrashings of wheat are arriving at the railway stations. In some districts the yield will be large. Cootamundra reports 16 bushels per acre. The. rain will certainly do some in jury to the late hay crops. The pastoral districts are still well grassed, and, as the stock ace more than ordinarily healthy, it may be said that the new year will open with prospects which should be cheering to all pastoralists. ALBURY, Decembeb 18. The summer has at length set in with unmistakable - fierceness. The shade temperature tor the past week has ranged from 92 deg. upwards to 100 deg. Ji paddock on the Hill and Dale farm of Mr. Bernard 0 t sahn is remarkable as being entirely free from rust, wlxilst all the other wheat in the neighbourhood is more or less badly rusted. The seed for this crop was a bushel of Ward's Prolific, obtained from Mr. James Ward, of Port Pine, South Australia. DENILIQUIN, Decembeb 17, The weather during the last fortnight has been very warm, and during the last day or two it has been of a close, sultry character. Eighty-four points of rain fell hero. since the beginning of the month, and the total now since the first of January is about 21in., a greater total than has been recorded here' for many years past. There is still an immense quantity of dry grass on the plains, and stock could not be in a better condition. An immense ' bushfire broke out last week at Berrigan, about 40 miles from here, destroying over 50.000 acres of grass, besides miles of fencing, crops, -houses, and other improvements. It originated through a stupid fellow throwing down a match with which he hud been lighting his pipe. It was amazing to see how the fire spread in a few minutes. Wool keeps dribbling into the railway station, but the total will not exceed 22,000 bales, or about what was sent awav last year. Thr river rose to within a foot ot the August level about a fortnight ago, but has since fallen 14ft. The stock passings are falling off considerably, but there are still several mobs of cattle reported as approaching, three of which will reach here next week — viz., one from Bulgeroo. another from South Comongin, and a third from Willandra. - FORBES, Dec^mbeh 17: This week we have had a spell of very hot weather, the thermometer being up to 100 deg. in the shade almost ever/ day. There has been no rain, except a light shower which ? fell this morning, but was not sufficient to lay the dust. The want of rain is again beginning to be felt rathe:.* severely, and bush fires are raging as badly as ever. Th' grasshoppers seem to have taken their departure, and it is to be hoped they will not return this summer. Harvesting* is nearly over .here— that is, as far as the hay is concerned , but the wheat is not yet all in. The river is about tho name as last week. Business generally iB improving, aid . things are likely to be pretty brisk until after Christmas. In the stock market fat stock are bringing very low prices, the chief sales being effected in store sheep. The followu1 k are the crossings for the week :— 313 bullocks on 9th De cember -from Boorooma station to Wodonga ; G. A. and P. Mein, owners ; J. A. Loder in charge. 350 rams on the 9th December, from Roto, near Hillston, to Young ; Evaa Evans, owner ; Clayton in charge. 10,900 ewes on sanij date from the Murray River north to St. George, Warrool ; Hann and Halloran, owners; Shellv in charge. 13,0u0 ewes on the 12th December, from'Trida station to S*. George, Queensland ; Hann and Halloran, owners '; Johu Crowe in charge. 950 head of store bullocks on same date, from Corrella to Wodonga ; Simpson and Affleck, owners ; John Leonard in charge. 1550 ewes on the 14th Deceffi ber. from Back Droubalgei to Walla Walla ; Hann and Halloran, owners ; Patriot Askumus in charge. GLEN INNES, Deceubeh Id. During the past week we have experienced the hottest weather this summer. On Saturday night a heavy rain fell which lasted some time, but since then the weather has been much cooler, although there is every appearance of more rain. Shearing . operations ore completed, and the average clip is unusually good. Farmers are now engaged planting their late potato crop. Haymaking has been somewhat retarded by the late rain. Wheat is beginning to fill, and is in 6ome cases far enough advanced to be free from rust. Stock are in splendid order just{ now. Grass and. water are plentiful every where. Since my last report the following stock have passed: — 7000 store wethers, from Brindley Park. Merriwa, to Wongwibinda, Mr. A. A. Wright owner; 82a fat wethers, from Reedy Creek to Grafton, John M'Phail owner; 54 horses, from Mount Mitchell and Ben Lomond to Brisbane, Mr. Henry Bing owner; {5 Devon bulls, froia Canning Downs, Queensland, to Deepwater station; 10,000 store wethers, from Warialda district to Urandangre, Mr. A. W. Dulton owner ; 3521 store ewes, from Warialda qu trict to Pindari, P. C. Campbell owner. GRAFTON, Decembek 17. The weather is dry, hot, and dusty, and the general . remark is heard everywhere, ' A shower of rain would do us a deal of good.' The maize is coming along very nicely, but another week or 10 days of this weather will cause the leaves to curl, and as a good deal of it is just now cobbing it is at a very critical stage. Some of the best crops are to be seen at Copmanhurst, where they have not looked so well for many years past. The potato crop iBnot yet all out of the ground in consequence of the late planting neces sitated by the heavy rains. The drop in the price during last week has been bad news to those who had to plant late or not at alL The Manhattan variety has produced very huge potatoes. Mr. James Eggins brought in a few last week, picked out of a small lot, the smallest of which weighed 17£oz., and five as much as 22oz. each. I have heard of others weighing 24oz., and it is said to be a good, sound, well-flavoured potato. BALLINA, Dec. 14. Nearly all of the small mills on the river have finished crushing for the season. The Colonial Sugar Company's mill is likely to continue working for several weeks after Christmas. I am told that the company intend adding largely to their mill, prior to the opening of the next sea son. New contracts are either being entered into or will shortly be entered into with fanners for a term ot years for cane. That the fanners apprehend the importance to them of the company's support is shown by the anxiety mani fested to contract with the company. It is said that die cane . grown upon the upper portions of the river yields more sugar than that grown below Broadwater. The dif ficulty of navigating some of the creeks, too, caused the company considerable trouble, and, although the land is good oa their bonks and the yield of cane great, prefer f erence appears to be given to those farmers whose lands. are contiguous to the main stream, Borne very large cheque* have been recelTed from the company by ths farm ersthis season. The prospect for next vear isgood. We are having Bhowery weather, accompanied with ?quails. A few weeks' dry weather would enable those who haw scrub felled to burn it off, and get the land planted with corn. If the present showery weather continues die burn ing certainly will not be possible this season, and some in convenience and loss will result. At Byron Bay a sugar mill fa going up. At Robb and Co.'s sugar-mill, Cudgen, Tweed 'River, the machinery for the diffusion process has. nearly if not completely been erected, and it was expected to have started working some days since, but from some reason or other it is not yet at work. MUDGEE, Dscehbke 17 The weather for the past week has been very hot and dry. The consequence is that the wheat crop is ripening fast, and harvesting has commenced. New wheat taken from the field by the stripper will be delivertd next week. Nearly a hundred end fifty of these machines have been delivered at the station here to various fanners in the district. There has also been a quantitkr of reapers and binders forwarded, which many prefer to the stripper. There is a great differ ence of opinion on this question among the farmers, many declaring they would not have a stripper on their premises. They contend that it wastes the grain very much where there is a heavy crop or on uneven ground, besides leaving all the rubbish to shoot up next year. In a year or two they say the ground will become so dirty as to be unfit for a clean crop. Where the area of land cultivated is limited this is a serious evil, as the farmer cannot afford to let his paddock remain idle in order to feed off the oats and weeds. The patron of the reaper and binder holds that everything is cleared off the land before the seed is shed, because he can afford to cut his wheat before it is fully ripe. Then, if there be any watte of grain, it will be at the stack, where his fowls and poultry will derive the benefit. If oats are in the sample they can be mostly removed by the cleaning pro cess in threshing. Moreover, he has the straw, which will cover the expenses of threshing, and his sample of wheat will be heavier, keep better, and make better flour. On the whole, it is probable that the advocate of the binder has the best of tiie argument. In localities distant from the market, the straw is of little value; nevertheless, the waste and dirt created by the stripper is a serious detriment. The maize crop is coming on very well and promises a fair yield. There will not be such a very great crop of wheat, on account of oxeess of moisture, but what tiiere will be will be good. Twenty bushels to the acre will be about the average all round. 