SIR SAMUEL DAVENPORT, K.O.M.G. PUBLIC WELCOME IN" THE TOWN HALL. A public welcome was accorded to Sir PtimucL Davenport, K.C.M.G., and Lviy Daveoport on tbeir return to the coloov after their trip to England in the Town Sail on Friday afternoon. Shortly after 2 oolo^k the public began to arrive, and half an hoar Uter the hall was well filled. The audience was a thoroughly representative oae. aui included a large number of ladies. Sir HINKT ATERS, R.C.M.G , President of the Legislative Counail, wis voted to the chair. He was suppurttd on hia rwht by Sir Samuel Davenport, K.C.M.G. Sir R. D. Ross (Speaker ot the Honee of Assembly), Kev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A {Vice- Chancellor fi the Adelaide University), Sir. J. H. An^aj (President of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society), and the Hon. Di. Campbell, M.LC. On his left there were the Mayor of Adelaide (Mr. E. T. Smish, M.P). the Treasurer (fcton. J. C. Br»y), the Chief Secretary (EOD. D. Murray), Sir W. Milne, Sir Tho-nsa telder, and Brigi-iisr- (icDeral O K'GQ. There were aleo prewat oa tbe platform the Hon. S. Tomkinson, M.L.C., Alderman Kither, Messrs. A. AdaniBon, J. Form by, ft. £. Miachia. J. W. Jones, A. T. Magarey, H. C. Maia, R. L. Mestayer, T. Worsoop, C. J. Coates, and J. F. Conigrave, and among tbe audience we noticed tbe Miui9t«r of Education (lion. Dr. Cockbarn), the CVmmieeioEer of Public Works (Hon. L. L. Farcer), HOD. J. Crozier, M. L.C., Hon. A. B. Murray, M.LC., Hon. H. E. Bright. MLC., Hon. H. Scott, MJL.C., Hon. \V. C. Buik. M.L.C., Hoa. R C. Biker, M.LC., Hon. A. Catt, M.P., Messrs. W. Caldwell, M.P., T. Soherk, M.P., F. Basedow, M.P., T. Burgoyne, M.P., J. C. F. Johnson, M.P., W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., Dean Marryat, Archdeacon Farr, Canon Andrews, Rev. J. McBean, Rev. J. B. Stephenson, Rev. A. T. Boas, Rev. F. W. Cox, and others. Sir Samnel was received with oheers aa he ascended the platform. Professor Ives played two selections. Sir HESRY said—Ladies aud Geatlemen, I am cot insensible tothe honour you have eor.feired on me by voting me into the chair, althongh I DEEPLY regret that the indisposition of Hia Excellency the Governor renders it ueoessary to tind a substitute, for bim on this occasion, because I know tnat for many reasons he would have been very glad to tie nrsBent himself and have presided over the meeting to present Sir Samuel THE address of welcome, and as a testimony OF tbe high esteem in which Sir Samuel is held by every one throughout the land from tbe highest to the humblest, To proceed with the business I will read a letter that T have received from the Private Secretary, to His Excellency in reference to the Governor'S ' ABSENCE :— " Government House, Adelaide, February 4, 1887\. Dear Sir Henry — The Governor wishes me to say that he very much regrets bis inability to attend the meetiog this aftercoon in honour of Sir Samnel Davenport, but be baa not yet sufficiently recovered to enable him to go to town. His Excellency hopes that the meeting will be a large, and representative one, and a fitting expression on the part of the colonists of their appreciation of the great services which Sir Samnel Davenport has rendered to tbe colony as Executive Commissioner in London. — Believe me, yours truly, EVKBABA LKHFBIEBB, Private Secretary." I have also received a telegram from the Bishop of. Adelaide (Dr. Reunion) from Border Town, as follows:— " Very sorry engagements in South-East preventmy being ableto join in the welcome S r Samuel and Lady Davenport. Please offer ; my congratulations on the extremely successful manner in which he has represented the colony." (Cheers.) Telegrams have also been received" from Dr. Schomburgk, (who is absent through indisposition), Mr. Hackett, and Mr. OiddingB, expressing regret at their non-attendance. The SECBEXA&Y; (Mr. J. F. Conigrave) then read the following address:— "To Sir Samnel Davenport, H.C.M.G., "JLL.D., &c.;, sc. "Dear Sir Samuel—We the undersigned, individually and in our capacity as representatives, sincerely weloome you and LADY Davenport on your return tb South Australia.' Among the .many valuable services which on have rendered to this country, we shall Jone remember your presence at the Colonial and Indian Exhibitionas our representative charge of the South Australian Court with feelings of gratitude for tbe important assistance yon have afforded AS by the general arrangement of the Court, by the display of our exhibits, by your ready and courteous response to tbe numerous enquiries respecting tbe colony and the varied productions of our land, and by your skilful management of our affairs, all of which are well deserving the hearty acknowledgments of the colonists, whose thanks we now beg to offer yoa. In giving J/OA this public welcome, and thus conveying tojou tbe thanks of the colonists, generally for-the well timed help they have' received fromyoa, we believe we are rightly interpreting tbe wishes of the community, who desire to express their, HUH sense of tbeir indebtedness to yoa for your valuable labours. We heartily congratulate you on the honour which Her Majesty the Queen has been pleased to bestow upon yoa by your promotion to the dignity of a Knight Commander of the most distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George, and we recognise in this . gracious action of the Queen an acknowledgment of _ your eminent services rendered to Her Majesty's subjects in this portion of the Empire, who consider themselves honoured by your preferment. We are glad to know that the extensive experience which 70A have gained in connection with the holding of Exhibitions in various countries will be further utilized to our advantage by your having accepted the office of iiixecative Commissioner of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition. Trusting THAT YOU may long be spared to enjoy your well-earned honours and to promote the best interests of this province, towards whose development yoa have hitherto so largely contributed, " We repeat our welcome AND subscribe "W? C/FR. SoSiKSdH, Governor, President of the Sonth Australian Commission gl the Colonialand Indian Exhibitloa. . " HXNBY AYSBS, President of Legislative Council, Vice-President of the South Australian Commission of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. " J. W. DOWSES, Premier of South Australia. " J. C. BEAT, Treasurer.* "R. D. Ross, Speaker of the House of Assembly. 1E. T. SMITH, Mayor of Adelaide, and Vice-President of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition. 1 THOMAS WOBSNOP, Town Clerk of Adelaide. 1 A. ADAMSOH, Vice- President of the Chamber of Manufactures. 'JOHN FOBMBT, Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce. 1 F. S. C. DRIFFIELD, Secretary of tbe Chamber of Commerce, and President of the Horticultural ana Floricultural Society. ' J. H. AHGA8, President of the Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society. 1 C, J. COAXES, Secretary of the Agricultural Society. * W. ROBT FLETCHER, Vioe- Chanoellor of tbe Adelaide University. •THOMAS EUKB, President of THE Zoological and Geographical Societies. 1 £» E. M IK CHIN, Director of the Zoological Society and Hon. Secretary ofthe S.A. Society of Arts. ' J. W. JOHKS and A. T. MAGABEY, Joint "" Hon. Secretaries of the Royal Geographical Society of Australasia (South Australian Branch). 'B.C. MAIS, President of the Meteorological Society. , • C. TODD, Member of Council of Royal Society. 'P_ L M ESTATES, Vice-President and Member of Council of Royal Society. •• JEL T. WHITTEU* Chairman of tbe Board of Governors of the Public Library, &C.; " R. Library, KAY, General &c.; Director of the Public «' R. SCHOMBURGK, Director of the Botanic Garden. 8\. V. PIZEY, Secretary of the South Australian Commission of the Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition. " JOHN F. CONIGRAVE, Secretary of the Chamber of Manufactures and the Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. •* W. HACKETT. Secretary of the Horticul- ! tural and Floricultural Society. "Adelaide, February 4,1887." The CHAIRMAN—Ladies and. Gentlemen, words can scarcely express the indebtedness of the colonists of South Australia to Sir Samuel Davenport for his valuable assistance in acting for as at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition recently held in London. (Cheers.) I can assure you. as a member of the Sonth Australian Commission, tbat tbe Commissioners felt mnch anxiety in tbeir selection of a suitable representative for tbat occasion, inasmuch aa for a considerable period it was not at all oertain that VJE were able to secure the valuable iiisis'ance of Sir Samuel. For some time he ft it I bat he could scarcely, in justice to his N private affairs,_ leave South Australia to long a period, but he yielded a little persuasion, and when we him to consent act it was a great r Jii. t to as, because we felt that if he Ls spared with good health his presence id supervision would ensure tor it what SS lesulted — eminent success. (Cheers.) Reference has been properly made in thia addriw to the service* Sir Samnel has ren- dered to us on former occia ous in attending Exhibitions in various parts ot the world. It only wants a few short months of ten years to the period when he returned from the Philadelphia Exhibition, and his efforts on our behalf then were recognised in a manner never before displayed by his fello w-colonista. They invited htm to a banquet, which for the sake of convenience and space bid to be held in the Exhibition Builaing. Oa that occasion the Chief Justice, aa A itintf Governor, presided, and as Chairman it was his dnty to propose the toait of the " Health of the Guest of tie Evening," and in the course of an eloquent and graceful speech he said he was slad we bad included in our many exhibits in America the grandest specimen of a South Australian colonist in tbe person of Sir Samuel | port. (Cheers.) That remark rec^iv -a the applause which you have been pleased to give it to day, and I think it may be repeated ou this occasion with greater emphasis than oa that occasion. (Loud cheers.) For whatever . admiration our general exhibits have called forth in London! will venture tosay itdidnat . exceed the esteem in which our friead was hold throughout the whole length and breadth of the land. Wherever be travelled . he gained golden opinions from all sorts of : people; and we want no belter evidence ot the estimation in which be was held in the old country . than his return to us litera'ly_ loaded with ! honours, including marks of distinction re- j ceived from Her Majesty tbe Queen, from the ! University of Oxford, from London Livery • Companies, and others, all in recognition of the courteous exhibition of the products of tbisiand, which beso well and ablyrepresented. Sir Samuel, the gentlemen who have signed this document are largely representative of the institutions of this country, and they believe tbat they have correctly interpreted the feelings of tbe colonists generally in inviting you to tbis public welcome, and in I>resenting you with this address, which I iiow do in tbe name and on behalf of the colonistsof South Australia. (Loud applause.) I congratulate you and Lady Davenport ou your safe return to Adelaide in good health. andwiBh you every blessing which can attend your days, and trust that von may long be spared to enjoy the bononra which you have so deservedly received. (Load cheers.) Professor Ives gave a selection on the organ, and was loudly applauded Sir SAMUEL DAVENPORT, who was received with loud applause, said Sir Henry Ay era, ladies, and gentlemen, and if yoa will allow me, I would include His Excellency the Governor, though not present, and any others who have Committed tbeir signatures to this handsome document who are not able to be here, it is very gratifying to my wife and myself that you have so generously and so warmly welcomed us back to the shores of the country in which we have lived for forty-three years. (Cheers ) It comforts us io the belief that at the end of that long period; we may boast of possessing many friends, and we beg you will acoept our heartfelt thanks. Your generous appreciation of any services I have had the honour and pleasure to have engaged in aa yonr representative at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and your assurance that in that work I have satisfied your expectations and those of tbe colonists generally, is to me a most happy issue; for I regard the acquisition of yonr approval as one of the many blessings of my life, for which I may be deeply gratefuL In tbe achievement of that honourable position of this colony at the Colonial and . Indian Exhibition which has gained yonr commendation, I cannot forget the acknowledgments due to other South Australians in London whose services aud conduct materially contributed "to the result. I refer to'Sir Arthur Blyth and Mr. Deering; to our ..old . friend and only surviving member of our first Land Commissioners, Mr. Montefiore; to the Hons. H. B. T. Strangwjays and Alexander Hayto Mr. King, no longer left alive to us; abd to two wellkno*n Aldermen of thia city, volunteers in the good service, namely, the Hon. Samuel Tomkinsoa, who ably represented us at many festive gatherings of town and country, and Mr. Kither, who sent a bright ray of happiness into the hearts of 1,000 of the children of the poor of the East End of London by providing them in sections of 250 per day with passages to and from the Exhibition, and feasts of body and mind when there. (Cheers.) I was greatly assisted by Mr. EL J. Scott, specially in the details of unpacking, setting up, and removals, in commercial matters, in correspondence, and in attention to visitors and enquirers; and I desire very gratefully to thank His Excellency the Governor, the Government, the Adelaide Executive Commissioners, and tbe Secretary for their confidenoe and support, and for their ready acquiescense in demands made on them. To all these colonial sources, tributaries to success, you will, 1 am sore, most readily admit into the record of the ireeting here to-day that, as colonists, we owe a lasting debt of gratitude to Her Majesty the Queen, who, in her zeal to show her gracions feeling towards the colonies, threw aside that comparative seclusion, which clouds of domestic losses had long imposed as a barrier to attendance on occasions of great public gatherings, and, heading the emotional movement of the mother country towards the colonies, took the lead of people on that memorable day of welcome given them—the opening day, the 4th of May. (Cheers.) On at least four subsequent occasions did Her Majesty, at no small coBt of personal exertion, visit and inspect the Exhibition in detail. Neither in justice nor honour would it be unblamable in me here to omit to notice the untiring exertions of H.R.ELthe Prince of Wales in promotion of the Exhibition, and how warmly, and uniformly on prominent public occasions he spoke of and advocated tne interests of the colonies. In this, too, were eminent the public utterances of H.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge. Oar grateful acknowledgments as a colony are due to the Royal Commissioners in England, including their Secretary, Sir Philip Canliffe- Owen. who was ever ready to assist as and, if practicable, meet oar wants. Much pleasure was found for colonists and many opportunities given for diffusing a knowledge of the colontstB and of the colonies by tbe arrangements for visits to the larger cities and historic country seats of Great Britain, under the guidance and greatly at the cost of a brooch of the Royal Commission called " The Reception Committee," of which the Duke of Abercorn was Chairman, and Sir Arthur Hodgson and Generbi ifttfne Hon. Secretaries. I I heartily appreciate your kind reference to " the distinction graciously conferred by the Queen on me as your representative. (Cheers.) Indeed, as a result of your favour, I return not unladen with spoils—not in the ancient sense aa returned to Rome the successful General who had subdued enemies of the State and enriched it by added territo ries, and so entered the capital of his country displaying in imposing array the spoils of victories—the fruits of war—but by your favour I am here not unpossessed of some trophies of peace and goodwill. Of these, ia order of date, come tne offer of freedom of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongersone of the most ancient guilds of London— presented on June 15. This led as a sequence to the grant of tbe freedom of the City of London. The gift was in these terms : — "At a General Court of the Worshipful Company of Ironmongers, 15th Jane, 1886 — Moved by the Master (John Warren, Esq.), seconded by the Senior Warden (Joha Nicholl, Esq.), and carried unanimously— ' Tbat in order to testify the high estimation in which this Company holds the good relations existing between the United Kingdom and her colonies, and especially to commemorate the opening of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition in London, this Court doth desire to confer the freedom of the Company upoa Sir Samuel Davenport, Knight, a distinguished representative of the colony of South Australia.'" The design generally of the casket may be considers original, although the cross strapping on tbe body is somewhat similar to that on a well-known ancient plate chest belonging to the Clothworkers' Company. The lid and handles are entirely original. The character of their ornamentation may be considered as Renaissance. On the lid are the shields of arms and mottoes —on the left hand of the Ironmongers' Company and on the right of the City of London, l'be scroll shield in the centre bears the following inscription:—" This casket of iron, the handiwork of Liverymen of the Guild of the Mystery of Art of Ironmongers, London, was presented together with the copy of his freedom to Sir Samuel Davenport, K C M.G., at a court held July 21,1886, in token of goodfellowship with the colonies of the British Empire." The little secret padlock ia similar to a very old one belonging to the sealbox of tbe Ironmongers' Company. The labour on th e work was tedious, and necessarilyrequired great care, as in the event of any .mistake, it wonld have been difficult, if not .impossible, to make rectification in wrought iron. Other metals such as bronze, silver, &c.;, are far easier to work. The shields are of repouss£ work — that is, beaten up from the back, and then riveted on to the lid. The casket from first to last occupied about six weeks' labour of the various workmen engaged upon it. The material is entirely charcoal wrought iron hammered into form. This was considered the material moat appropriate for the casket, the gift of tbe Ironmongers' Company. The casket was wholly designed by members of the firm of William Bailey & Sons, and manufactured by workmen in tbeir employ. On June 18 came the presentation address of His Worship tbe Mayor of Leamington, and was announced as follows : — "The Reception Committee at a meeting held on June 17 came to the following resolution : —'With reference to a telegram received from the Mayor of Le&mington;, stating that it w&b; proposed to present an address to a leading colonial and a leading Indiaa representative, and requesting the committee to farnisb the names of two such gentleman, it was decided on the motion of Sir Daniel Cooper, seconded by Sir 0>ven Burne, that Sir Samuel Divenport be requested to represent the colonies to receive the address at Leamington froTi the Miyor and Corporition." ' This address was got up in the most magnificent style, and was presented to mi on behalf of the colonies, whiie another corresponding one was handed on behilf of India to Sir Peter Lumsden, who bad Iitely come down from th8 Afghan frontier. (Cheers.) On Juue 26 the bestosval by the Queen, at the instance of H.RIi the Prince of Wales, of the honour of K C. M.G. This was commuuicated in a letter signed by the Prince himself, which read :—" Marlboroufth Houie, Pall Mall, SAW, June 2!>, 1886, Dear Sir Samuel Davenport — 1 hive much satisfaction in ac luainting you tb<it the Queen at my instance has been pleased to approve of the honour cf a K.C.M.G. being conferred upoa you for the valuable services which you have rendered in connection with the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. I triu-t that this announcement will be agreeable to you.— Believe me, truly yours, ALBERT EDWARD P." On July 5 a reception of colonists at Windsor Castlo occurred, of which the following record was sent to me by the Lord Steward :—" Board of Green Cloth, July 5, 18S6. Tbe Queen was pleased to receive today at Windsor Castle the representatives of the Colonial and Indian Exhibition to whom invitations bad been sent by Her Majesty's command through the Lord Steward. A special train conveyed Her Majesty's guests to Windsor frum the Paddington Station of the Great Western Railroad, and reconveyed them to London in the evening. . . . South Australia — Sir Arthur Blyth, K.C.M.G., C.B., Lady Blyth and Miss Blyth, Sir Samuel Davenport, K.C.M.G., Lady Davenport, and MisB Glen, Mr. Alsxander Hay and Mrs. Hay, Mr. Samuel Tomkinson, Mrs. Tonikineon, and Miss Tomkinson." On July 9 the honorary degree of LLD. was, as a compliment to the colony, conferred by the University of Cambridge. For all these I am really indebted to you. Your natural enquiry of the Exhibition will be,.what was special about it, and what public good has it done? Its character was so special that it will stand prominently out in history as a new British departure, and a crowning event in the eventful reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. (Cheers.) It differed from all predecessors where seaborne exhibits could enter, because it was not international, bat imperially national—limited to British subjects, and there of India and the colonies only. This was the spirit of its inception, and it was faithfully guarded and promoted from fiist to last of the Exhibition. The colonies and India alone were the guests of Great Britain. The mother country was specially to entertain its children from beyond the seaB. The family relationship was to be acknowledged and the family tie bound more securely. (Cheers.) Thns consistently were we greeted at the opening day, midst Royalty with all its pomp and pageantry, and surrounded by 10,000 of a gay assemblage with the appropriate and touching domestic family song of " Home, Sweet Home," and further as a summons to amity out of the ode for the day- Britain's myriad voices all. Sons be welded each and all Into an Imperial whole— One with Britain, heart and sou], One life, one flag, one fleet, one throne— Britons, hold your own, And God guard all. This spirit of welcome home and attendant generous hospitality continued throughout tbe Exhibition, and was indulged in by all claeses in all gradeB of society, and in all directions. The same spirit survives, and ia probably destined, to introduce and solidify the binding materials of an ultimate Imperial federation. (Cheers.) Another speciality was that there was no trade rivalry introduced, nor Jury system of giving degrees of award. The object was to gain an unfettered display of tbe nation's progress and development of the colonies for the instruction of the people of Great Britain, a commemorative medal and the report of an expert on exhibits to be substituted for rewards. In the sense of an instructive agency, I feel sure we must accord to the Exhibition (treat success. There were to be seen in juxtaposition varied displays of floriculture and horticulture from colonies in different zones —of magnificent timbers of great variety with excellent quali.iy. There were great diversities and large collections of mineral wealth from all quarters. There were collections of varied fruits and vegetables, teas, coffees, cocoas, &c.;, wines, liqueurs, and spirits, and fresh and preserved meats. There were paintings and photographs of natare and art. There were representative members of different races of British subjects—Hindu, Mohammedan, Buddhists, Malay, Chinese, African, Red Indian, Cypriote, &c.; (Cheers.) There were, further, very numerous and interesting ethnological models. The dwellings of different races and colonistB were shown, from the bushman's hut to the Indian Salace, the Burmese pa»*iiion, Malay hat, faori house, and Australian wurley. Special country trips of pleasure were organized by the Reception Committee to introduce colonists to country life, its cities, and historic structures, its industries and manufactures. The principal places visited were Oxford and Cambridge, Stratford-on-Avon, Canterbury, Chester and Norwich, Edinburgh and Glasgow, Dublin, Newcastle, Manchester, Birmingham, Plymouth, Bath, and Bristol. Sumptuous entertainments, profuse decorations, crowded streets, vociferous cheers, warmest welcomes, presented the features of right royal progresses in these excursions. Military and naval reviews at Alderahot and Portsmouth were instituted for our interest, graced, I may say, by the crowning presence of Her Majesty the Queen, who thus gave special evidence of ner desire to entertain her colonial subjects. (Cheers.) We very very much pleased at what we saw at Oxford, where, of course, we expected to find some of the greatest literary lights, and a bed of concentrated knowledge not rarely to be found in other parts of the globe; but we were much amnsd at a little incident that occurred when we went to receive the address from the University and Mayor of Oxford. As we passed from the railway station to tbe town through a crowd who surrounded us we heard one man say, "Lord, Jim, I thought them was blackfellows, but they be white, jooqt l|ke ?§"— (laughter)—thus showing that in the most enlightened locality on tne face of the earth there are still spots of very lamentable weakness as regards the colonies. Towards the close of tiie Exhibition, through the action of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, Workmen's Clubs were established in tbe large towns— their Mayors and chief civic authorities co-operating—and cheapened railway conveyance being secured, hundreds of thousands of the poorer classes of Great Britain saw the Exhibition who could not have done so otherwise. All these agencies—well conceived and effectively set in motion—greatly assisted to draw public attention of all classes to the colonies, and to enlighten them in a knowledge of the nature of their lands and climates, and of the energy tend enterprises of the populations of that Greater Britain which lies beyond the seas. On behalf of the Commission, if I may, and on my own account, I would greatly thank the exhibitors who contributed to the excellencies of our court at the Exhibition. The general plan of our court was simple and instructive. It was historic. It was realistic, and therefore more attractive. There was an effective illustration of a portion of South Australia as held by the aborigines ere we took possession. This consisted of a section of tbe seacoast on our south—the shore inhabited by seals and sea-birds, penguins and gulls, and tbe inner waters of the adjoining lakes b^pelicans, musk-duck, teal, and other birds. There was a far-reaching sketch of the River Murray running into Lake Alexandrina, with its higher and timbered banks on the east side, and the lake plains, with scattered sheaoaks here and there on its surface, as it faded away in the far distance behind a neighbouring shepherd's hut. On the water of the lake shore was a full-sized native in his bark boat spearing, fish along the reedy margin. To his right, inland, was a wurley occupied by a lubra and child, the latter peering over the mother's shoulder at two dingo pups at play on the further side of the fire. Cloee by is the father iust arrived from the chase bringing a dead young kangaroo. On their left, a distance further at the edge of a patch of grasstrees, is a native making lire by friction of one stick on the other. The ground about these figures is coated with grasses and shrubs, among them a bush of the " montrie," some native apples which I had taken from the South-East sandhills in 18S5, mullets, fibre fligs taken from near Port Adelaide, and pood-sized branches of stringybark, hollowed and black by bushfires, taken from Mount Lofty Hills, aided, when stocked with stuffed opossums and birds, to give reality to the scene. Beneath, and approaching the shepherd's hut, was a little planted ravine, with a gurgling stream of water down it, and a few animals sporting near. To tbis aboriginal scene the hut, with its flock of sheep hurdled close by, introduced onr own pastoral life—our first means of occupying the country. The good display of wools was arranged in front of these, and Angora goats and camels bounded th»t section. Then came agriculture, garden, orchard, ard vineyard produce, then manufactures of all descriptions, and finally timber, geological and mineral collections. Meantime maps and paintings and photographs covered the lower walls, and well designed representations of our special food productions, of soil, and climate the higher walls' space. Notably towards the merits of our displays have we to thank Mr. Goyder for his maps, Dr. Schombnrgk for his herbarium, the Hon. G.C. Havrberfor hia sea weed, Mr. J. E. Brown for his forestry, Mr. H, Y. Brown for his geological collection, Mr. Woods for his fruit transpareccy design, which under electricity at night was more attractive, if anything, than in daytime, and Mr. Spiller for hia printing, binding, and photographs—(Hear, bear)—the saddlery of Messrs. Colton & Co., the jewellery cases of Messrs. Wendt and Brunkborst, the Aerated Bread Company's handsome trophy, the cereal collections of Professor Custance, tbe fodder plants of the interior supplied by Sir Thomas Elder, the Mount Barker grasses of the Hon. John Dunn, the Commissioners' and others' collections of dried fruits, the conspicuous structure stored with food productions of Messrs. McEtviu, fiantou, Murray, Kither, Conrad, and others, the djed wool of Measra. Schlork, and tiuned leather and tanning, and Mr. Dixson's tobacco, together with machinery and carriages, and others I cannot for space here enumerate, but they all command our hearty acknowledgments as contributing to ttjtj etrecHvfetiegg of the Exhibition. (Cheers.) Thanks, too, are truly due to our winemakers for the general excellent character of their supplies. Beyond thia my imperfect passing notice will shortly come the reports of experts on the several evhibits, whence 1 hope we shall gain instruction, encouragement, and profit. Dr. Cleland's silk and samples of paper from Mullet's fibre (results of the Exhibition) arejhere for inspection by any desiring it. Sir Henry, I have taken no note of the concluding part of the handsome address you have presented me with—that having reference to tbe Adelaide Jubilee Exhibition. I can only say—and I should be a hard-hearted individual if I did not only say but feel— that however feeble my services may be, my time will be devoted to the advancement of the Jabilee Exhibition. (Cheers.) I only hope that I may be able to be of some practical service, but the immensity of the work has already been done by yourselves. What is cheering is that we have in London a strong influential committee. (Cheers ) Its President, the Duke of Cambridge, is one, as I have often heard him remark, who feels extreme interest in the progress of the British colonies, and the fact of having Sir Herbert Sandford as Secretary is of immense advantage, because be has bad long experience in connection with International Commissions. (Cheers.) He was Chairman of the Commission of the Philadelphia Exhibition in 1876, when he was greatly esteemed by all Americans and British exhibitors. He was at Melbourne in connection with the Exhibition, and I fully believe that many of .the exhibitors who are coming here from Great Britain are coming because they know they have in Sir Herbert Sandford an honourable man, a business, man, a man who will take care that their interests are attended to, and put them in such a position which they are justly entitled to claim from any man who assumes to be their representative. (Cheers.) I firmly believe tbat the number of exhibitors from Great Britain and Continental countries will be all that we can desire. We have to bear in mind that we could not venture on laying such a wide basis to our International Exhibition as has been laid in respect of Sydney and Melbourne Exhibitions, inasmuch as our population is less, and we have been under a great disadvantage of late from the unfortunate position in which the mass of our staple products have been placed through decreased values, and the fact that we have passed through bad seasons. (Hear, hear.) It is wise, I think, not to throw'on yoa extreme expense, because .mach money might be thrown away to induce exhibitors to come here with a class of goods of no aBe to us, and which would require a great deal of expense to shield from the weather. For that reason, we have been very guarded in respect of' the goods to be admitted, while, at the same time we expect to hold a .very instructive and useful Exhibition. (Cheers). , At the call of the CHAIRMAN, the audience rose en masse, and gave three cheers for Sir Samuel and also for Lady Davenport. ' Sir SAMUEL—I am very grateful to yoa for including my wife. She is an old co-worker in harness with myself. The TBEASUBEB*(the Hon. J. C. Bray) had a short resolution to propose, which he was sure would meet with their hearty support. While he deeply regretted the absence of His Excellency—who he as one of the members of the Commission here knew had from the fint taken a most active interest in the representaticn of this colony in London at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition—he felt sure they mnBt all derive some satisfaction from the fact that they had been able to secure as a substitute so accomplished a Chairman as Sir Henry Ayers. (Cheers.) He felt satisfied that no one could more properly have expressed the feelings of those who signed the address, or more properly have expressed their feelings than Sir Henry Ayers bad done on that occasion. He therefore had much pleasnre in proposing—" That the hearty thanks of this meeting be accorded Sir Henry ^Ayers for presiding on this occasion." (Cheers.) Sir ROBERT ROSS (Speaker of the House of Assembly) seconded the motion. His Worship the MAYOR of ADELAIDE (Mr. E. T. Smith, M.P.), in submitting the motion, said that in meeting there that afternoon to do honour to Sir Samuel, he was sure that they were discharging a duty not only to themselves, but to the city in which they lived. (Cheers.) They had also present Mr. H. J. Scott—who bad jnBt arrived—who had assisted Sir Samnel in the good work he had done at the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. He gave them on behalf of the citizens of Adelaide a hearty welcome home. (Cheers.) A letter had appeared in the Register two or three days since referring to the services their friend the Secretary (Mr. J. F. Conigrave) had rendered the Colonial and Indian Exhibition. As one who had worked on that Commission for the last twelve months, and one who was now. engaged with him in connection with onr own Jubilee Exhibition, which we hoped to hold during the coming year, and as a promoter, he bore testimony to the value of the services he had rendered, and promised that the year would not close without some recognition being made of the services he had rendered. (Cheers.) He was sure they wonld agree with him that their thanks were due to Sir Henry Ayers for presiding on that occasion. (Cheers). The resolution was carried with entirasiasffli Sir HFIIIKY AYERS, in returning thanks, said it was a great source of pleasure to him to assist in any way in recognising the valuable services done to the colony by Sir Samuel Davenport not only in connection with the Exhibition but everything connected with the good of South Australia. It had been bis pleasure to know Sir Samuel from the very earliest period of his coming to the colony, and he could truthfully say tbat he bad always acted as a true patriot by working incessantly and unselfishly for the good of the country. (Laud applause.) At the call of the MAYOR the audience rose and gave three cheers for Sir Samuel Davenport and another for Lady Davenport. Sir SAMUEL thanked tbem, and the proceedings were terminated by the playing of the National Anthem. 