LOCAL^IWttlWKHCK^ The Hon, J, A- Wright, Director of Public Wo?ks« left for Perth overland ajt 2'30 p.m. yesterday. At a bushfire which occurred on March 15, at White's mill, near Perth, a child was burned to death. Our. two contemporaries the Daily News and West Australian are having a wordy warfare orer their respective circulations, Tba overland mail arrived from Perth at 7*50 p on Sunday night, with the following passengers^—Messrs. Gollen, Hooley, Ramshaw and Kebblp. We have received by this mail a ihlet entitled """The Mountain Top," the Rev. James Atkins,- formerly r esleyau minister in Albany. The Perth telegraph line was inter* rupted on Monday morning through the crossing of the duplicate line. Com* munication was restored at 10'15 a.m. Mrs. Hordern, widow of the late Mr, Anthony Hordern, was a passenger by the R.M.S. Ballaarat. We regret to say that Mrs. Hordern is reported to be in a very delicate state of health. The overland mail coach with the mails from England left for Perth at 11*10 p.m. on Monday with the following assengers:—-For Kendenup — Miss immons; a»d for Perth—Mr. Cunlifie, 'An old man who went by the name of Yorkie was found dead' at Kybelup ou Sunday, by one William ^Fellows. The body was brought in and an inquest will be held regarding the cause of death. - The many friends in Albany of .the Rev. T. A. o'ames will regret to hear that he : has been confined tp his' house during the past few days through indisposition^ but we are pleased tp be" able to state that the rev. gentleman is rapidly recovering towards convalescence. One gentleman passenger by tha R.M.S. Ballarat said he was veryrrUiuch pleased with Albany and the ; . surround-., ings. He was also certain that it > would make vast strides as regards prosperity a hundred years hence, by which 'time he hoped that some of his grand sons would be just starting in business. The three wells situated in Frederick, Gray and York Streets, are now finished and appear to be higUy appreciated by the people of Albany, • the norse troughs, are not yet finished, but when these additions are made, one of the most useful public works that the .Municipality has achieved will have been completed. The Earl and Countess of Aberdeen, were passengers from England by tha R.M.S. Ballaarat to the colonies. Lord, and Lady Aberdeen landed in Albany immediately on : the vessels arrival and rambled about till dinner-time, when they dined at Woodman's hotel, and afterwards expressed themselves as being well pleased with their entertainment. It has been hinted to us that several unlicensed conveyances plied for hi$e in the conveyance of passengers to and frp the Race Course 1 on Thursday last. Does, the Municipality know this ? We do not mention names, but think it rather rough on licensed carriers of passengers, who. pay an extra fee for their right, that, others should be able to. interfere with their legitimate trade, Mr. Watts, of the Railway Hotel, was charged at the Police Court on Monday with having assaulted a man named Cun« ningham in the hotel bar on Thursday night. A cross summons was brought by- Mr. Watts against Cunningham for using obscene and abusive language. The case against the landlord vyas dismissed and Cunningham was ^ned 5s. for using abusive language, and 4s. 6d., costs of the summons. We regret to have to announce the death of Mrs. Taylor, mother of Mr. Campbell Taylor, which sad event took place last Saturday, the mortal remains of the deceased lady being interred in the Church of England cemetery last Monday. We believe that Mrs. Taylor was amongst the earliest settlers in this colony—having arrived here many years ago, and experienced those difficulties and hardships that take place in the pioneering of a new settlement. Just we were going to, press last night we received a telegram sayiiag that the examination of the prisoners arrested at St. Petersburg for . an attempt to blow up the Czar and Czarine, with dynamite, was exciting intense interest. It was. found that the attempt was the result of deliberation, and that the resolution was. arrived at,by a secret body , styled the Nihilist Executive Committee, who, de-. tailed fifty of their members, who were, pledged to execute the Czar as % punish- ment for his misdeeds. * - We rtiinV that onr contemporary tba Inquirer would do well to change their. Albany correspondent, as the present one has a habit of exaggerating everything that comes under ms notice.' Typhoid fever is not infectious and therefore could ' not have been introduced from Melbourne by Mr. Kelly's family. Tainted water is the only icause allowed by medical authorities for the production of typhoid. Misp Blackburn .died from the effects of an internal injury and not from fever as. represented. Fever in Albany was prevalent some months before any membe? of Mr. Kelly's family caught the contagion. Some time in January the nonstable at EsperanceBay found a .ship'-s boat embedded about 2ft. in the sand : at Fanny's Cove. On examining the boat, the sides of which had been stoved in apparently by the surf—lie found a ship's compass lashed in the boirom, and also an half inch augur, brace,two knives, and a spoon, and a short distalnce'off a liffe btloy was lying on the beach. . There was no name on the boat or buoy, neither wero there any masts or sails, but : the ..boat appeared to be a new one, and could, not have been in its present situation 4or more than a month. A search along the beach brought nothing more to light regarding this waif from the sea.; , A Wise Deacon.—"Deacon Wilder, I wantyou to tell me how you kept yourself a&4 Suriily so veil thp past season, when aU the rest of us have been sick so mnch and haye had the doctprs running to. so pften." Brother Taylor, the ^svrer is very easy. I need Hop W t™^ large dftrfofs frllf; Fojir divings, worth $ it kept wel\ and able to work all the time, aud % will warrant it has cost you fnd most of the neighbors hlO to £100 apiece to keep sick the wane £me. I fancy you'll take my medicine tiereafter" Sec 