THE RECENT BUSHFIRES IN THE PRAWA DISTRICT. (PEOM AN OCCASIONAL COBEKSPONDENT.)' 1 Now that the bush fires are extinguished, it might be o£ interest to your readers, to hear something more about them and their disastrous results. Well, I was an eye-witness of one of them, namely, the big fire on Boree Creek and Oalore, and I hope I shall never, be an'eye* witness to such a fire again in this district! ' But that hope, I am sure, will be in vain, for while we have an autumn, a winter, a spring, and a summer in Siverina, we will have bushfires as well. So let us be prepared for them, and not be sharpening our swords when the drums beat to battle. In this district a! person might ride in a straight line through the country for 16 or 20 miles and not cross a single patch or belt of green timber, the countiy being all ringbarked and presenting 'the appearance of one vast dead forest, with a field of dry grass waving before you a foot or eighteen inches high. If a person was to stand and watch the fire fiend Mging through this on a hot summer's, day, he will know that iB not the breakers, coming;into Manly Beach he is watching. Now letUB see what the enemy has taken from here thii timt' or Tather what it has left. It hks left on Mr. Jackson's Boree Creek run about 2000 put of 40,000 acres; it has left several Electors their' house and stockyard, &c.; to some it has not left their haystacks, but this I must Bay iB due to gross neglect on the farmer's side. Everyone knows what an easy matter it is to clear a track fireproof around « haystack. I passed by avery large haystack in this vicinity some few days back, and I remarked to my friend, " By jove if a bushfire was to come along here now aye !*' and sure enough the bushfire did come alonff * n dalar|ebody of men gathered around the fieh t the ene . m l y« but «there were 100,000 men there they would not have saved it t o l ^ , few minutea the Btack had-well ^ i S t ^T^j i l ? Had * left the face of tte auces. earth However, t It had, it had sure taken enough, a different to all appear- state of existence a state of existence in which it was ftS Mr. However, let " hope hfe will hare better luck next time. WAHGUNYAH CUBTOM HOOSK.—Mr. E. Moss, atationmaster, Wahgunyah, has been appoint^ an officer of Customs at Wahgunyah. 