PLACES I HAVE VISITED. WANNAKARRING. [Bt Bucomc-1 Wannakarring, tiie home of Mr. F. H. Monger, situate ou the Hotham River, 75 miles from Perth, is one of tiie most in teresting of my visitations ; interesting in somuch as showing how comparatively poor country covered with poison plant can be utilized and turned to profitable account. Until about three years ago, when this pro perty came into Mr. Monger's possession, the country was used, or I might say un used, as the whole run was occupied by some twenty horses, and those did not always escape tiie effects of the dreaded pest, although horses are notneady so liable to eat poison as are cattle or sheep. The 'Wannakarring ran consists ef 10,000 acres following the Valley of the Hotham, in which river there is abundance of permanent water. The country south of Hie river consists of light loamy soil timbered with white gum, also patches of dark sand, carry ing stunted jarxab, whilst on tiie north aide are some grassy hills of better soil, timbered with white and red gum inter sected with blackboy valleys, and bold granite rocks. Mr. Monger at first tried tbe experiment of sheep-farming on tide block in conjunction with eome other runs in the neighbourhood of the Williams, but he soon found that to be a very unprofitable undertaking — the cost of shepherds with losses through poison and native-dogs quite anticipating wool returns, whilst instead of increasing, he found his sbeep rapidly de creasing; therefore hezesolv«dto enclose his run, clear off tiie poisoc and keep only such sheep as could be grazed in paddockb. He has now three paddockB,each over 1000 acres, securely fenced, with part trp-rail fni«i «-OTnoB«Ti-i rti-- i-pmiiilniwBPVMl wires, with stout white-gum posts. One paddock is entirely cleared of poison, whilst tiie other two ni)l shortly be free of the obnoxious shrub. Mr. Monger first at tempted to clear the poison by grubbing-, bnt found this a most costly method (about £& per acre). The ground had to be gone over frequently to take up younguhoots and seedlings, which added to the expense. Now, however, tiie proprietor has discover ed a chemical compound which he finds much more effective and very much less costly. This preparation, which has, I understand, been patented, is applied to the base of the shrub, and at once takes effect, and in a fei» days tiie plant dies root and branch. The best results are obtained when a bush-fire has passed over the coun try, after the young plants shoot. In rainy weather, whilst the sap is rising, the remedy is not bo speedy. I have no doubt bnt that Mr. Monger's discovery will be a most valuable one for the colony, and trust that he may derive some recognition for his enterprise. In one ef the before-mentioned paddocks I saw 1000 sheep which in point of condition and fietce compare very favor ably with shepherded flocks in the neigh bourhood. The ewes have just commenced lambing and are mothering welL So far native doga have not given any trouble, but I fear that ultimately they wfll prove a source of annoyance, owing to there being snch an extent of vacant forest country to the westward. These cheep are of the usual type peculiar to the district, being crosB-breds, giving a paying fleece of good useful irooL One hogget which had been paddocked last year cut91bs. of wool off just 12 months' growth. The proprietor is now improving tiie strain with young nuns from Mr. J.H. Monger's Daliak stud, and I feel sure that the result will repay him for the outlay. A few milch cows are kept for domestic purposes, but as he extends his paddocks Mr. Monger intends increasing the herd, and as tiie country is suitable for that description of stock this should be a step in tiie right direction. Twalve horses are kept for station use, andjare found to do very well in tiie paddocks wfaennotatwork. Agriculture is not followed beyond the growth of hay, a quantity of which is sold to travellers. I saw .a paddock of 100 acres, private property, which Mr. Monger intends bringing under cultivation. The timber on this block has been ring-barked, and it is intended to put a forest- devil to work this winter and pull the trees down. The dwelling house ;at Wannakarring is the best in tiie neighbenrhood, being built of brick with shingle roof. It contains 9 rooms, with verandah bad: and front; also a kitchen built of brick with galvanized iron roof. In the farmyard is a huge hay shed, 70x20, roofed with iron. Inside of the building is a chaff-cutter driven by horse-power, which is now being used upon a splendid B^mpia of hay. Adjoining the hay-shed is a new stable of seven stalls, in which I saw several useful wnimalB. Mr. Monger's undertaking is, I might say, wholly an experiment, upon which he is expending a large amount of energy and capital, for which I sincerely trust he will be adequately remunerated. X find that kangaroos are becoming very numerous in this neighbourhood. Several men are now untiring a business of iriHing them for their skins, which are worth, if huge and well preserved, Is. 3d. per Ib. This new indus try is quite a windfall for many who other wise would have no congenial employment. 