Mr. Frank Weston, who (the correspon dent of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph states, in its issue of Dec. 31) is dead, had been well known in Melbourne, and in fact in all the Australian colonies, for many years past, and was much esteemed by a large circle of acquaintances. Mr. Weston first visited Victoria as interlocutor in a minstxel troupe, which gaired much cele brity under its name of ' Kussey and Weston's Minstrels.' Mr. Frank Hnssey was one of die comer men, and Mr. Kelly occupied a einiflar capacity on the other end of the stage. After a long and suc cessful tour the company broke op, Mr. Weston remaining here and devoting bis attention to a patent medicine known as ' Weston's Wizard OH.' For a consider able period he devoted himself to journey ing through the country, giving humorous lectures smd songs to tlie accompaniment of a banjo, on which he was a proficient performer, and at the conclusion of the ^ entertainment offering bis oil for sale. He was possessed of a vast fund of humour and American drolleries, and tbe lectures were always thronged by appreciative crowds. Subsequently to a similar medi cine 4*7ifrfiripg tlie field as a xzval, Mr. Weston leased the old Lyceum, at the top of Bourke- street, changed its name to the Nugget Theatr », and fitted it up in a most lavish manner. The venture, however, dil not prove successful, and other pecuniary losses coming at the same time forced him « to bankruptcy. From the shockand trouble occasioned Mr. Weston seems never to hare recovered. He was a comparatively young man, and leaves behind bun many friends, who will sincerely mourn his loss. Here (says the PaU Mall Gazette) is an item of intelligence which stands out with painful distinctness. It possesses no public interest, for it only concerns a very poor young woman who committed suicide in the north of London, but nothing in lie papers exceeds it in tragic horror, and, therefore, in universal and general interest. The poor creature who, at the age of twenty nine, found herself in a decline and tor tared by rheumatic fever, had often prayed to be relieved of her misery, but had prayed in vain. What followed was told as follows before the coroner: — 'On Tuesday she hade her husband an affectionate good bye on his leaving for work, and shortly after he had gone locked her children in their room at the top of the house, having told them she was going to die. The eldest boy, aged about six, looked through the keyhole, and observed his mother ad jutting a rope round her neck, having oea me rope xm cue uapaoor in nie room. In an agony of fear hie seized a chopper and endeavoured to break tlie lock, but his strength was not equal to it, aflL he taw his mother throw herself from a stool and dangle from the trapdoor. The noise of his chopping brought some one op, but the woman was dead.' Poor little fellow, and only six years old! What a grim and awful picture is that of the child straining his little arms—and ttraining them in vain — to chop through the door behind which his mother «ias slowly strangling herself to death! Some of the hottest weather erer record ed in these colonies has lately been exper ienced in Victoria and Sonlh Australia, the condition of affairs being greatly aggra vated by bash-fires. A telegram from Melbourne furnishes a very gloomy picture. It states : — 'The weather during the last fire or six days has been excessively hot. The temperature on Sunday (Jan. 9) was 104 deg. in the shade andl5ldeg. in the '' sun, and there are no prospects of a change. Excessive heat is reported from nearly all parts of the colony. In one or two places there have been heavy thunderstorms. At Avoca on Sunday evening there was a terrific storm, accompanied by thunder aud lightning. The town was flooded, fences, crops, and trees being washed away. At Homebush a little girl was killeiLbv light, ning. At Crestvick during tbeHlunder storm a man wbo had taken refuge under a tree was struck dead by lightning. At Echuca there was an immense bushfire, a large quantity of grass and fc»ni»iin- bong destroyed. At Maryborough a little girl was killed by lightning. At Sandhurst the thermometer was 116 deg. in the shade ; at Ballarat IO60O. Serious apprehensions are entertained regarding the water supply to tne city ana suburbs on account ox tne con- J tinuanceof bet weather. There is plenty I of water in the Tan Yean to meet any j emergency, but should the Preston Reser- J voir give out Fitzroy, Collingwood, and M Richmond, which are supplied from it, m would bo left entirely without water. On '? Sunday tbe level of the reservoir -was :-m alarmingly low. It was decided at the re- . 1 quest of the City and Borough Surveyors ^1 to cease watering streets and flimhing it drains, also to request persons using the *| hydraulic lifts to stop working them except -J by nighttime- Subsequently, in the whole 1 of the higher parts of Melbourne, there has been a, complete water-famine, lasting several hours. 