GREAT BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. One Hun deed Square Miles laid Waste. Tocumwal, Sunday night. In this part of the Riverina disastrous bushfires make their appearance annually as regularly as Christmas. In 1884 a serious fire played sad havoc amongst the settlers. It commenced on the 6th January, and every year since then a fire has broken out within twelve miles of this township, and every year it has been worse. Last year the fire was at its worst, when, providentially, a heavy shower of rain fell, and it was extin guished as suddenly as it began. This year, on the 6th of January, at 10 a.m., the epidemic again made its appearance. On this occasion the fire is the worst ever seen by white men in this district, and it is still raging at its east and west extremi ties, though at the latter end there is every probability of it soon being got under. The townspeople and settlers for miles around have been working to help their neighbours to save their property, and they are now nearly all knocked up with fatigue and heat. The weather is extremely hot. Yesterday it was 105 degrees in the true shade, and to-day it was 110 degrees—a regular ''roaster." In the bush near the smouldering timber the heat was overpowering, and must have been considerably over 150 degrees. Mr. Cameron has a holding of 1280 acreB, half of which he selected, and half of which his wife did the same with pre vious to their marriage, and then becom ing man and wife, their estate became one. It appears that Cameron had a 50 acre paddock on which a fine crop of wheat bad been standing, ready to be stripped, for more than a week, but he had to wait his time till the stripper was disengaged. On Thursday laBt at ten o'clock they got down to the paddock at ten o'clock to commence operations. The entrance is at the north-east corner. The eastern fence is chock and log, and on the northern was a bush fence. Two men with a team of horses entered the pad dock with a winnowing machine. About five minutes afterwards came two more men with a pair of horses attached to jhe stripper. Just aB they got through the gate—so the men states—the horses tramped on some wax matches, and before they knew where they were the grass was all ablaze. It took them all their time to get the horses safely out of the paddock, and to place the machinery beyond the reach of the fire. By this time the fire had got a strong hold of the grass and the bush fence, and as the wind was blowing from the north-east, the fire made straight for the grain. Cameron's house was a quarter of a mile away, and Cameron and Mr. Atkinson, his easterlyueighbour, who was also waiting for the stripper, had gone to the dam to get a barrel of water. Suddenly they saw smoke, and Cameron, dropping the bucket, exclaimed, " Great heavens, the grain is on fire!'' and off they set to the scene of the outbreak. All along the north of the Barooga boundary selectors had paddocks of beau tiful grass and rich crops of wheat, many of them averaging fully 20 bushels to the acre. Amongst the selectors a panic set in and it was Bome time before they could realise their position. The ploughs were got out and the land several farrows deep inside the fenceB was turned over. Peo ple came flocking from all directions, and ihongh here and there a few Bquare yards of the grass was burnt, the fire was kept from spreading in 'their direction. This was extremely fgftune, for had it been otherwise the l^kand suffering would have been very^Bu>le, as once the fire got northwardej^^K} of settlers would have been rnine^fire made a clean sweep of Barooga station, burning it from boundary to boundary, and out of about 80,000 acres of good grazing land, 75,000 acres hare been laid bare. It was only by superhuman efforts the men on the run, assisted by dozens of willing workers J from Tocumwal, saved the woolshed and men's huts; in fact, their escape was al most a miracle. The fell destroyer had actually burned the grass right up to the walls of the buildings and scorched the foundations. Many of the men were se verely scorched. The station was saved. It is not yet known how many theep have been burned, but it is thought that the loss in this direction will be slight. One of the first to feel the effects of the conflagration was Mr. Edwatd Hillson, storekeeper and farmer. Mr. Hillson is the owner of the only large store in To cumwal, and is also the proprietor of about 3000 acres of land about half a mile from the township. There are seven grazing paddocks and two in cultivation. Mr. Hillson, Mr. Jeffries, his manager, and as many men as they could muster, watched the advance of the fiery foe, and were prepared to fight it to the uttermost, but despite all their efforts the fire got into the back paddock about four o'clock on Thursday afternoon. It came from Mr. Sugden's paddock, which is behind Mr. Hillston's. Hard and unremitting work succeeded in temporarily stopping the ravages of the fire fiend when it passed through the timber country and reached the plains ; but when moirning came and the sun rose his fierce glare made all the grass lands red hot, and although every effort was made by the watchers, who had been on duty all night, the fire spread with astonishing rapidity. The fire came southward in two wings, one through Mr. Deakin's paddocks on the west flank, and into Mr. Hillson's stripped paddock, where six hundred bags of wheat were bundled together in six stacks. The men, aided by Mr. Dunne, of the Electric Telegraph Department, succeeded, by burning round these wheat-stacks, and sprinkling water on the surrounding stub ble, in saving them all. Eighty jute bags only were burned, and a little grain injured, but it is anticipated that when the wheat is re- winnowed at least 80 per cent of it will be saved. This paddock contained 200 acres of wheat straw, and adjoins the Albury road. Messrs. W. and E. Hennessy, of the firm of Hennessy Brothers, who own Glentworth and Springfield estates, and who have been actively engaged looking after the fire and endeavouring them to keep it off their property, stated:—About ten o'clock, when at Springfield, where we reside, we saw the smoke of a large bush fire about six miles north-east of Tocumwal. We made all haste in that direction, and when we met the fire it had reached the west side of the rock. It was coming down south-eastwards at a rare rate. It passed through the Murray run, and destroyed nearly the whole of it. This used all to belong to M'Farland Brothers, but a great portion of it has been selected. One of the' selectors, Jo seph Howard, has been burnt clean out, only bis house being saved. The fire reached the Gerilderie road on Thursday night or Friday morning, but up to Fri day night, since when we have not been far along the road, it had not passed it. Last year the yonng Browns, selectors near the Murray, about 10 miles up the Jerilderie road, along with several others, organised a fire-brigade. These men have been, with others, going up aud down the road, and beatiug out any sparks which might be blown across into the west paddock. Up to Friday night they succeeded in doing this, but since then the fire has worked round northward, and is blazing for miles to the west. We have succeeded in keeping Glentworth, which lies to the east of Mr. Sugden's, and be tween the Albury road and the river Murray, free from the fire. This station is now safe for the present, but there is a small corner of Mr. Sugden's next to the river unburnt, which may yet blaze up. So men are stationed to watch it. 