COUNTRY NEWS. REPRESENTATIONS (says the Age) have been made to the Mining department that the timber on the northern and southern slopes of the Dividing Range, especially in the vicinity of Mount Macedon, is being destroyed at an alarming rate, and that the Lands department is being urged to alienate land containing trees, which will be invaluable for mining purposes. The Secretary of Mines last week visited the locality, and the result of his inspection is embodied in a communication forwarded to the Lands department. It states that the Minister of Water Supply is opposed to any further alienation of land on the Dividing Range in the neighbourhood of Mount Macedon, on the ground that the felling of the timber will materially affect the rainfall in the district. The further denudation of forest land is also deprecated because it would prejudicially affect the supply of timber for mining purposes. Under these ciroumstances the Minister of Lands is strongly urged to prevent any further alienation of land at Woodend, Newham, Kerrie, and Macedon. AFTER partaking of a dinner of tinned herring on the 14th inst., Mr. Barry and his family, of Corop, near Rochester, felt symptoms of poisoning, and the former came into Rochester for Dr. Taaffe, who administered the recognised remedies in such cases, and after two hours' attendance left. The boy subsequently died, and the mother and daughter were in a very low state. THE railway station at Bacchus Marsh is to be opened on the 15th February, with a demonstration on a large scale. A MONEY order office will be opened at Longwarry on 1st February. A POST-OFFICE has been opened at Gowangardie, near Violet Town. MR. T. W. SAYER, manager of the local branch of the London Chartered Bank, Clunes, died suddenly of apoplexy, Friday morning, 14th inst. A SUPPLY of the Johnson grass seeds was obtained from America last year, and distributed amongst the farmers of the colony about four months ago for experimental culture by the Secretary of Agriculture (Mr. Martin). A number of farmers have reported favourably of their experiments, and some others have failed in their efforts. Mr. Martin has received a letter, from a farmer at Locksley speaking highly of the grass. OFFICIAL information was received at Geelong, Monday, that no further applications would be received for land in the bush-fired Cape Otway district. TYPHOID fever is prevalent in Maryborough. On Monday evening a fine young man, named William Archer, son of a well-known fellmonger, died after a very short illness. AT Tahbilk, a few miles from Nagambie, on the farm of Mr. John O'Neil, a stack of straw was burnt on Sunday, and a threshing machine, the property of Mr. John Beatey, of Avenel, was also destroyed. AT the Maryborough railway station, on Monday, as Mr. Jones, the locomotive foreman, was crossing the line he was knocked down by an engine, and as it was passing over his body some fastenings caught his clothing and dragged him about 40 feet, inflicting severe braises on the face and body, and causing several wounds which bled profusely. He was taken to the hospital, where, at 3 o'clock, he succumbed to his injuries. THE Secretary for Agriculture (Mr. Martin) has received a report with regard to the bush fire which broke out at Moyston on Boxing Day, stating that thousands of acres of wattle trees, extending from Mount William to Hall's Gap, were destroyed. Miles of fencing on the grazing areas also fell a prey to the devouring flames. It is supposed to have been caused by children belonging to a picnic party. A PLAGUE of insects last month took possession of the peach garden on Winiam station, and did much damage. AT the Ballarat City Police Court, on Tuesday, Walter A. Abley, at one time well-known as a pedestrian, was charged with bigamy by marrying Frances Ann Downey, while his wife, Fanny Lewis, was alive. Prisoner was committed for trial. THE office of the Advertiser newspaper, Dandenong, was struck by lightning, on Tuesday evening, and two compositors were injured. One was lifted up, and thrown violently down, both legs being paralysed for a time. His trousers were singed, and his feet discoloured. After a few minutes he revived, though very much shaken. The electric current spent its force on a large press, and exploded with a loud noise, filling the office with smoke and flame. THE swarms of locusts that visited the Castlemaine district a few weeks ago, and created havoc among the crops and orchards, left behind them myriads of eggs, which have since germinated, and there are now millions of young insects swarming the pastures. 