MISCELLANEOUS NOTES, . PASSING AwAY.r-The pioneer colonista aro rapidly passing sway. Mr. H. Ashton died in his residence, Devonport, Auckland, last we*k, at'the age of 81 years. Mr. Ashton arrived in the colony in the ship William Watson in 1858, and began buaness as a general importer in Queen-street, Auckland. He waa ono of the originators of the New Zealand Insurance Company. WHITEFISH OVA.-Of the whitefish ova for the Otago Acclimatisation Society, which arrived in thc Alameda, about 30 per cent, was found to be bad. At the ponds at Clinton a fair proportion hatched out. .-? ' . l-;-^: >; v---v- . SMALL FARHS.--About 100,000 adres will be operfed; up by the Kaihu Valley Ballway, and will be out up into small farms. ' TAH QI OVER THE KING'S SON.-About forty natives have leit Tauranga for the Waikato for the purpose of taking part in a tangi over the remains of TuTawhiao. THE MAIN THUNK LINE.-Messrs. Lovett and White, Auckland, have received intimation from the .Government that their tender (¿645,000 odd) has been accepted for 8^ miles of the main trunk line south of :Te Awamutu. Tho contract, it is expected, will take two years to complete.. ' " I . EXTENDING OPERATIONS.-The codling moth has ie-tartod eating plums in the Thames district.. *-3fe;is also reported that a few of the peaches have been* found to be affected. v . . ." . BOWLING".-The bowling tournament for ?he; iDunodin Association's Cup resulted ;ih*». win-Jfop tho Canterbury Club with two tinks; Invercargill bein« second «rid Dunedin third. ' . ' . , ^ ' DAIRY PRODUCE.-The annual; production of butter and cheese in New Zealand,- calculated to Maroh last, was : Butter, 12,170,9641b"; choose, 4,594,7951b. * . ; A PLUCKY ENGINE-DRIVER.-AB the train waa running into the Waipukurau-station one afternoon last week the driver, W. Davis, noticed a child on the line. He immediately Bhut of Btoam-aud put on the brakoB and then pluokily leaped from the engine before it had brought up. Ho was just in time to drag the child from the rails, as a second later it would havo been under tho Wheels. FKUIT GROWIN« AND EXTORT.-It is proposed to form a company in Whangaroi, in tho provinco of Auckland, to embark in fruit culture on an extensive Bosle, and to handle the fruit crop of the district in the way the p&bkers; of California do. Only first class fruit will be dealt with, and good marketB are therefore expected all over the colony. The canning and bottling of fruit will bo undertaken latter on ; but it is not proposed to manufacture any jam. Ff teen hundred sharos have boen subscribed for in this district, and tho balance is to be issued in Auckland. An estate known as Cairnfield is to be purchased to start operations. INCBEASE OF RAILWAY REVENUE.-The railway return« for tho four weeks ended January 8, show that the total revenue for the period waa ¿692,099 8s 2d, ¿630,811 ls 4d from North, and ¿661,258 Gd lOd from tho Middle leland. This ia on inórense of nearly ¿63000 on thereturns for the earno period last year.. ; HARVEST, ' HOME.- Tho. harvefiting. operations throughout -the colony lire now about tiver, and rs porta aro gonerally, satisfactory. In the Marlborough district Jihoro' wore splendid crops of whoat and barley^ whioh; in many instanooo, ran from fifty-to fifty-nvs hnBhels per aore. A largo quantity of oats is being oonverted into chaff for export. FERRETS IN THE FARMYARD.-Fowls and dnoka in Blenhoim have sufforod considerably latoly from the dopredation of ferrets. A ferret was captured in the centre of the town, INVERCARGILL WATERWORKS.-Tho Invercargill Borough Council has accepted the tendor of Judes, Co,ulson, Stokes, and Co., London, ¿68100, for plant and pipes for tho Invercargill waterworks. DESTRUCTIVE BUSHFIRES.-A serious buehfiro raged at Karangahako, on the Thames. A large amount of fencing and some grass paddocks have beon destroyed between tho Obinemuri and Waihou rivers. Hoavy buahfirea endangered somo houses at Feilding, and quantities of oats in " stookf' were destroyed. Tho fires wore kopt" ia chook by the aitizena. NAVAL AND MILITARY.-Thore waa a round of festivities during tho stay of H.M.S. Nelson in Auakland Harbor,-The Rino Association meeting in Christchurch promises to be a groat success. Tho' marksmen from all parts of tho colony are to be brought to tho ? ground by tho Government freo of charlo. Tho ammunition is to bo Kynooh'n, of. Auckland : "and thero aro to bp about twenty-four targots, ap 350 mon aro oxpeotod to tako parti Colonol TÓÍBWOII ; -of Christchurch, and Major Ham ¡moraloy, of Timaru, will bo in charge of tho campy -"-.Admiral Try on has oxpressod ontiro Batisfaetion. with tho defences of Auokland.-Both tho G-inoh tftíns whioh rodontly arrived in WoUington havo boen jm^nnted,, ono ju ForfcvBayanc,e ijnd. the oUjçïLjn ,tho; INgahuurongaBatlory* >. >.f / ? " r.- a-- -,.»:-. 