Great Bush Fires in Victoria. (From the Melbourne Telegraph of Monday.) Tocumwal, Sunday night. In this port of the Riverina disastrous bushfires make their appearance annually as regularly as Christmas. In 1884 a serious fire played sod havoc amongst the settlers. It commenced on the 6th January, and every year since then a fire has broken out within 12 miles of this township, and every year it has been worse. Last year the fire was at its worst, when, providentially, a heavy shower of rain fell, and it was extinguished as suddenly as it began. This year on the 6th of January at 10 a.m., the epidemic again made its appearance. On this occasion the fire is the worst ever seen by white men in this district, and it, is still raging at its east and west extremities, though at the latter end there is every probability of itssoon being got under. The townspeople and settlers for miles around have been working to help their neighbours tosavo their property, and. they are now nearly all knocked up with fatigue and heat. The weather is exceedingly hot. Yesterday it was 105 deg. in the true shade, and to-day it was 110-a regular "roaster." In the bush near the smouldering timber the heat was overpowering, and must have been considerably over 150 degrees. ' Mr. Cameron has a holding of 1280 acres, half of which he selected, and half of which his wife did the same with previous to their marriage, and then becoming man and wife, their estate became one. It appears that Cameron had a 50-acre paddock on which a fine crop of wheat had been standing, ready to be stripped, for more than a week, but he had to wait his time till the stripper was disen- gaged. On Thursday last, at 10 o'clock a.m., they got down to the paddock to commence operations. The entrance is at the north-east corner^ The eastern fence is chock und log, and the northern was a bush fence. Two men, with a team of horses, entered the paddock with a winnowing machine. About five minutes afterwards carne two men, with a pair of horses attached to the stripper. Just as they got through the gate-so the man states-the horses tramped on some wax matches, and before they knew were they were the grass was all ablaze. It took them all their time to get the horses safely out of the paddock, and to place the machinery beyond the reach of the fire. By this time the fire I had got a strong hold of the grass and the bush fence, and as the wind was blowing from the north-east, the fire mode straight for the grain. Cameron's house was a quarter of a mile away, and Cameron and Mr. Atkinson, his easterly neighbour, who was also waiting for the stripper, had gone to the dam to get a barrel of water. Suddenly they saw smoke, and Cameron, dropping the bucket, exclaimed, " Great heavens, the grain is on fire !" and off they set to the scene of the outbreak. All along the north of the Barooga boundary selectors had paddocks of beautiful grass and rich crops of wheat, many of them averaging fully 20 bushels to the acre. Amongst the selectors a panic set in, and it waa some time before they could realize their position. The ploughs were got out, and the land several furrows deep inside the fence turned over. People came flocking from all directions, and though here and there a few square yards of the grass was burnt, the fire was kept from spreading in their direction. This was extremely fortunate, for had it been otherwise the loss and suffering would have been very temblé, as once the fire got northwards, scores of settlers would have been ruined. The fire made a clean sweep of Barooga station, burning it out from boundary to boundary, and out of about 80,000 acres of good grazing land, 75,000 acres have been laid bare. It was only by superhuman efforts that the men on the run, assisted by dozens of willing workers from Tocumwal, saved the wool- shed and men's huts ; in fact, their escape was almost a miracle. The fell destroyer had actually burned the grass right up to the walls of the build- ings and scorched the foundations. Many of the men were severely scorched. The station was saved. It is not yet known how many sheep have been burned, but it is thought the loss in this direction will be s'ight. One of the first to feel the effects of the confla- gration was Mr. Edv ard Hillson, storekeeper and farmer. Mr. Hillson is the owner of the only large store in Tocumwal, and is also the proprietor of about 3000 acres of land about' half-a-mile from the township. There are seven grazing paddocks and two In cultivation. Mr. Hillson, Mr. Jeffries, his manager, and as many men as they could muster, watched the advance of the fiery foe, and were pre- pared to fight it to the uttermost, but despite all their efforts the fire got into the back paddock about 4 o'clock on Thursday afternoon. It came from Mr. Sugden's paddock, which is behind Mr. Hill son's. Hard and unremitting work succeeded in temporarily stopping the ravages of the fire fiend when it passed through the timber country and reached the plains ; but when morning came a*d the sun rose, lils fierce glare made all the gross lands red hot, and although every effort waa made by the watchers, who had been on duty all night, the fire spread with astonishing rapidity. Tho fire came southward in two wings, one through Mr. Deakin's paddocks] on the west flank, and into Mr. Hillson's stripped paddock, where 600 bags of wheat were bundled together in six stacks. The men, aided by Mr. Dunno, of the Electric Telegraph Department, succeeded, by burning round these wheat-stocks, and sprinkling water on the surround- ing stubble, in saving them all. Eighty jute bags only were bunted, and a little grain injured, but it is anticipated that when the wheat is re-winnowed at least 80 per cent of it will be saved. This paddock contained 200 acres of wheat straw, and adjoins tho Albury road. Messrs. W. and R. Hennessy, of the firm of Hennessy Brothers, who own Glentworth and Springfield estates, and who have been actively engaged looking after the fire and endeavouring to keep it off their property, stated:-About 10 o'clock, when at Springfield, where we reside, we saw the smoke of a large bush fire about six miles north-east of Tocumwal. We made all haste in that direction, and when we met the fire it had reached the west side of the rook. It was coming down south-eastwards at a rare rate. It passed through the Murray run, and destroyed nearly the whole of it. This used all to belong to M'Far land Brothers, but a great portion of it has been selected. One of the selectors, Joseph Howard, has been burnt clean out, only his house being saved. The fire reached the Jerilderie road, on Thursday night or Friday morning, but up to Fri- day night, since when we have not been far along the road, it had not passed it. Lost year the young Browns, selectors near the Murray, about 10 miles up the Jerilderie road, along with several others, or- ganised afire-brigade. These men have been, with others, going up and down the road, and beating out any spark which might be blown across into the west paddock. Up to Friday night they succeeded in doing this, but since then the fire has worked round northwards, and is blazing for miles to the west. We have succeeded in^keeping Glentworth, which lies to the east of Mr. Sugden's, and between the Albury road and the River Murray, free from the fire. This station is now safe for the present, but there is a small corner of Mr4Sugden's next to the river unburnt, which may yet blaze up. So men aro stationed to watch it. 