A HOLIDAY TRIP IN THE STATE FOREST RANGES. ':Melbourne folks are possessed of an idea that for rugged and picturecque, s neOry they must leave Victoria" add scalo tho Hobartonian Wellington, "Do" the bliuo mountain Zig Zag, or run the risk of en "tombnent in volcanio ash mid the snow. crested heights of New Zealand, so vividly portrayed by Pickersgill, the genial "Jos" whom I knew in ancient days. It also seems .ti' be p'evailiug notion that in the way of tree ferns, nature lhad exhausted hersolf in.i anufacturing the wellknoivn FerntreeP Gully. That both of those opinions arebased upon an error, I was long convisiced, and on last Friday and Satur day.weeok I became satisfied on that point, and perhaps others in quest of lung recu perativeo exercise, who cannot afford to "do" the distant haunts of tourists, may be pleased to learn,.that within sight of their own doors they may obtain all they want. Leaving Berwick, - my first e - perience is in climbing Buchanan's hi , slippery from the recent rains, the horse feet sliding like a proficient dancer oni f)st floor. From the top of this hill on gets splendid views of the level countr stretching away to Westernport Bay, the blue waters of which look like a distant the lo.rad; n.8,icro is thslnek c.une or Hobson's Bay, animation given to the r picture by the smoke of passing steamers, I and midway stands the little town of in Cranbourne, like an Island in an ocean of r trees, while at the foot of the hill, nest- o ling in secluded beauty is the extreniely I pretty little town of Berwick. But 1 m must on, for time, like an ever-roling t stream admits of no standing still. On, over the Harkaway ranges, no time to ex-e plore these, but as I pass along and note t the cleared and green patches mid the heavy forests, I cannot but admire the courage and energy of the brave men, and equally brave women who first pene- trated those forests, resolved, by conquer ing the prolific grass of nature to make for themselves homes in their midst. Passing still onward I enter the gloomy recessesse of forests standing in all their primeval a grandeur and silence, ravines thickly stud ded with cyathed, their curling frond-like e leaves of which spread out and interlaced I forming a verdant covering of living and I inimitable beauty. Leaving all these natural beatifications behind I begin to t ascend the State Forest ranges. On the top of the first spur I reach the homestead. of Mr. Herman, which I was informed is the local post otlice, about half a mile be yond this, on the top of the next hill, I seetheschool, an evidence of the careof our 4 patercal Government for the educational requirements of the young. This school it appears has recently been placed on the "half time list," which is not at all accept able to the residents of the district, and efforts are being made to have it recon verted to a full time school. I wish suc cess to their efforts. Near this school I met my first mishap, for on going down the slippery sides of a hill as steep as the rafters of a house, my horse rolled over snd I rolled several yards before recover ing myself, a few minutes afterwards I fell in with Mr. Duncanson, the genial mana ger for Willis Bros., of Richmond. -Mr. Duncanson kindly invited me over to his house, on the slope of a range, about 1400 feet above the level of the sea, a splendid mpsition, conmimding a nuagnificient view. ThbsWillia .Bros. are about to erect a mansion on this height and for that pur-. pose have now got men engaged in brick making in a gully at the base of the hill, the holdings of these brothers in this locality aggregate about 1000 acres of as good grazing and agricultural land as there is in the country, most of the heavy tim ber, and it has been heavy, tho largest and the tallest trees I have seen out of Tas mania, has been "rung" and are now dead; all the gullies are veritable Ferntree gullies, while even many of the hill tops are covered with ferntrees, many of which reach from thirty to forty feet in height, and by their umbrella like tops add in tero?t and beauty to the scene. As you reach the house and look around you at the grass laid heights and note the stumps of once gigantic trees, you quite feel that as Mr. Duncanson says, the men who first settled on that land to do battle against the forests with their dense undergrowth, beset as they were on all sides with natural difliculties, and almost shut out from civi lization and its benefits on account of its almnost inaccessible position, must have had hearts as large as that of a bullock, and a largo share of the pluck so character istic of the Anglo Saxon race. After spel ling the horse, during which time I admire the dogs, a large number of grayhounds and setters being kept on the place for sporting purposes, leaving the farm I climb to the highest point in that part of the range, and the view of the Beaconsfield and Htarkaway ranges, the Bay and the Upper Yarra, are all too beautiful for my descriptive ,owers to deliniate. Going down this range I reach the raspberry and hop plantation of Mr. Ward. I did not see a sample of Mr. Ward's hops, but from the nature of the soil and the posi tion, I should infer that the produce would be quite equal to that of either Briagolong or the valley of the Mitchell, the famed Tambo in Gippsland, or the Derwent Valley at NowNorfolk, Tasmania. As for the raspberries, fromnt the samples in the shape of jam, which I tasted at Mr. Jones', the next neighbour of Mr. Ward, I can speak with authority, they are simply perfection so far as color and I flavor are concerned. It is after leavinig Mr. Ward's that I enter on the full beauty s of the scene in its natural state, no rung timber, no cleared patches save such as Smark the track of some recent bushfire, r and it is there, too, that I have brought vividly before me the transitorinoss of man's works, asd their unstable character, Here I stand alone, on what was once the scene of activity and excitement, where busy man were once formed in a largo numbers. Long ago, twenty, five and twenty, or more years ago, this little Yarra, and other streams, tributory to the Yarra Yarra, was a gold field, known in tthe early history of our colony as the "Emerald," when over 1,000 were at one time engaged in gold hunting, wherem fortunesweremade. Now, savethesolitary house of Mr. Steward and some few rotting posts and fences which mark the spot where repose the bones of those who rest in death awaiting the roverberatimng echoes of the last trump to call them r forth, all man's works are hid, nature has claimed the place as its own, ferns and n myrtle, dogwood and scrub, has covered r the place; aide. races, tunnels, by-washes f and shafts are there, but to be found r' they must be sought for with care. It Sis something surprisingly sad to stand thus Sabove oil a ileserted and overgrown gold r field, no indications of human labor, no aound of human work, where was once a the busy human hive with the hum of Sactivity as its pulse beat high in anticipa tion. ,Where are those now, what their espeetations,theirfailures thelirssedgeal. What! V'iiin and transitory are tho things of this life. I cannot linger hero for long, the shades of evening are gather. inig around, and I must hurry on, or he '.bushed,'' not at all a desirable alternative in sueha damp, glooihy and lonely loality as this. Travellers on the Gippsland line ard all impressed by the beauty of those tall young gum trees above Warragul, and cannot but feel the sin it is to the future to destroy them. Yet out here where I am there is an enormous forest of themm, reachingupwards from 100 to 150 feet; arrow like in their straightness and without a branch to spoil the synnmmetry of their trunks for well on eighty feet. Just atdarkI reached the homesteadof DMr. Charman, the son of one of the pioneers of the ranges, and who himself has driven bullocks over nearly every acre of the ranges, and knows every creek and dell, nook and corner, and who has on his fanrm ferntreo gullies rivalling in extent and beauty the well known gully so named. In the morning I pass down towards Macclesfield, and on my road I go through the estate of Mr. Joseph Bosisto, M.L.A., where he manufactures the euculyptus oil. The process of manufacture seems simple, and Mr. Cogley, the local manager, a very affable gentleman and always willing to show visitors round, but space prevents me describing the apparn a tus. I At Macclesfield, for the present, my road my horse and m ~rvic s apsir I must say I never passed over more ro mantic and beautiful country; its forests rival those of the west and north west omast of Tasmania, its ferntreo gullies and fairy like bowers are beyond description, the mountain climbing is quite sutficient for the ordinary run of mortals, and the dis tanco fromn Melbourne is such that almost every person may enjoy a run through them and be benefited thereby. 