The Tourist - ON KING ISLAND. BY A FIELD NATURALIST. THE ISLAND'S HISTORY AND CHA RACTER. King Island was named after Captain G. P. King, Governor ot New South Wales, rela tions of whom are at present residing near Melbourne. In those days His Excellency caused a printed sheet of observations in Bass's Straits to be made, which, according to Labilliere, is now in the British Museum. This sheet sets forth that the south point and reefs of King Island were seen by a Mr. Reid in 1798, which can hardly be correct, because it was not until December the same year that Flinders and Bass, during their memorable voyage, proved Tasmania was an island. Therefore, had Reid actually seen "the south point and reefs " of King Island, he would have most certainly also noticed the great westerly ocean swell, and that Tasmania was not joined to the mainland of Australia, as it was then supposed. It is published that in 1800 Captain Grant, coming from England, rid Cape of Good Hope, en route to Sydney, passed eastward through Bass's Straits, discovering Cape Otway, King Island, and Cape Schanck. A careful study of the brave captain's voyage shows that he kept close to the southern coast, and while discovering Capes Otway and Schanck, no mention is made of King Island, nor was he far enough south to observe it. It was not until January, 1801, that a small brig named the Harbinger (the second vessel that ever passed through Bass's Straits), from the Cape of Good Hope, com manded by Captain Black, who, keeping a more southerly course, made Cape Otway, and, standing across to the southward, disco vered an island lying in the centre of the west entrance of the Straits, which Captain Black named for the first time King Island, and afterwards passed through the centre of the Straits. The month following another brig named Margaret (Captain Byers com mander), trom London, sighted King Island, being the second vessel that did so. Lieutenant Murray (who discovered Port Phillip), in the surveying vessel Lady Nelson, was the first person who landed on what he called Governor King's Island. On the 11th January, 1802, the Lady Nelson anchored in Sea Elephant Bay, which was so named on account of " a great number ot sea elephants of an immense size lying asleep on the beach. On Elephant Rock, which was about one and a half miles in circumference, there might have been 6.000 or 7,000 seals of different sizes." Lieutenant Murray overhauled and surveyed the whole ot the eastern coast, and returned to Sea Elephant Bay on the 17th. His report was:-" Of the advantages to be derived from this fine island I shall say but little; the plain truth is to be seen in this journal. It contains plenty of wood and water. The woods are full of animals, and excellent of their kind. The shores are lined with fine oil"-Murray no doubt alluded to the great herds of seals from which oil could be obtained-" and this part of the island has two good bays in it, well sheltered from all dangerous winds that I understand blow in this country. . . . It is proper to observe that I named this last- discovered bay the Bay of Seals, from the number of these animals on the shores of it, and the rocks outside of this bay Seal Rocks." The same year, and following close upon Lieutenant Murray's heels, the French dis covery ships Geographe and Naturaliste, in command of Baudin, anchored in Sea Elephant Bay. Subsequently, vessels on sealing expeditions visited and worked the great sea! rookeries or breeding grounds on King Island. About the beginning of the forties saw the advent of the wallaby hunters and huntresses, who came from the mainland (Tasmania), and led a Bohemian kind of life upon the island, which ever since has been visited by numbers more or less. As many as 40 hunters have been known to be on the island at once. Probably the numerous wrecks that girt the island from time to time added materially to the profit of marsupial hunting. The great marine disaster-the loss of the Melbourne emigrant ship Cataraqui and 400 souls, save one-in 1845, at once gave King Island a world-wide notoriety. About 1859 Messrs. Robert and Phipps Turnbull, of Melbourne, stocked a portiou of the island with cattle and sheep. This attempt ended in utter ruin, on account of an indigenous tare or vetch of a poisonous nature growing luxuriantly on the island. This the stock readily ate, the sheep getting fat on it, while cattle-became like Pharoah's lean kine, both the sheep and cattle becoming crazy, and dying off in a season or two. Horses fare a little better. When "touched" with the weed they become light headed, too. Some times, on coming to a bit of scrub, they will dash frantically through to a fallen limb, and will carry their rider high in the air, as if clearing a five-barred gate. The obnoxious weed or tare is of the pea family, and botani cally known as Swainsonia. It has the usual compounded leaves, and is a finer constructed and smaller plant than the ill-famed Darling Pea. The flower, according to the age of bloom, varies in colour from a, rich purple to pinkish purple. It is a beautiful sight on a fresh morning to see the side of a hill ablaze with the colours. An odd variety is sometimes seen bearing a pure white flowec. In 1807 an attempt was made to float the "King's Island Grazing Company,' with a capital of £10,000 in £20 shares. The whole island was rented from the Tasmanian Go vernment for £200 per annum, in tended to stock the island with 5000 young ewes and 150 rams as a basis of operation, but the scheme, for want of enterprise, fell through. The island was then secured by Messrs. Woods, Gregory, Draper, and Giles, a Ballarat firm. Cattle were shipped in great numbers from Belfast, but the poisonous plant was too much for them. What few,were brought back to Victoria were in a terribly emaciated condition. The remains of the station, wire fencing, &c.;, are to be seen on the Yellow Rock Rivulet, on the north- west corner of the island. A well-known marine captain.endeavoured to stock the south part of the island with sheep. Notwithstanding great care and per severance, the poisonous weed again pre vailed, and, after spending and losing about £10,000, the. enterprise collapsed. All that, returned were reported by the ketch Wind ward at Meibourne last month (December), viz. :-2 horses, 70 sheepskins, 1 bale wool, and 1 dog. Thus ends all attempts to pas toralise King Island, end to undertake further endeavours would be worse than useless, until that terrible herb, with its high-sound ing title, Swainsonia lessertifolia, can be checked or totally eradicated. This might be performed by firing the plants early in the season before the pea has matured. Last year the island was inspected, and a report presented to the Parliament of Tasmania, with a view of throwing the country open to selection. It contains some excellent land for cultivation, but it should be imperative that the coastal scrub remain, as a natural breakwind against sea breezes, which shrivel up cultivated vegetation as if frost bitten. King Island, excepting bays and points, is in the form of a great oval, lying north and south, about 35 miles long by 11 to 13 broad, containing about 275,000 acres, of which 90,000 are approximately estimated by Mr. Surveyor Brown to be good land. The phy sical features of the island, from a picturesque point of view, are generally dull and unin teresting, but may not be from an agricul turist's standpoint, the coast line as a rule being low, with rocky shores, alternating with sandy and shingly beaches. Above high water mark grows saltbush (Atriplex) and pig-face weed (Mesembrianthemum) in great patches, adorned with crimson flowers. Then occurs a succession of sand dunes, covered more or less with familiar coastal herbage, such as spinifex grass, rushes, smoke-bush (Catocephalus), &c.; ; succeeded by hills covered with scrubs of various density, con sisting chiefly of coast ti- tree(Leptospermum), boobyalla (Myoporum), banksia, prickly and other acacias, native currant (Craspedia), native hazel, kangaroo bush, kc., overgrown in many places with blue-gums (Eucalyptus globulus). The hills at Whistler Point, on the north-west, are about 200ft. high, trending away inland, somewhat parallel with the coast; they gradually rise 100 ft or 200ft more, terminating on the south-east coast in Mount Stanley (named after the late Captain Stanley, who marine surveyed the island in 1872-3), 700ft. above sea level, the highest point ot the island. The interior in many parts is low and swampy, and so thickly clothed with timber and undergrowth that, with the ex ception of one or two of the residents, none have ever crossed it from east to west. It would have been a great boon had Mr. Brown run a survey line across the centre, from Currie Harbour on the west to Sea Elephant Bay on the east The site of the Field Naturalists' head quarters camp was fixed on a clean, well grassed, aud mossy flat, near the mouth of the Yellow Rock Rivulet (north-west corner of the island), in an amphitheatre of ancient sand hummocks, clothed with thick scrub, and sheltered from winds and weather. Immediately in front was a horseshoe-shaped billabong of the rivulet, with thoroughly wholesome water. This proved to be the most convenient position to make exploring excursions in sections to different parts of the island. Just above the camp the rivulet meanders through rich flats with marsby lagoons, where are remains of two dilapi dated huts and a woolshed. On these flats a species of lucerne -an imported plant - was growing most luxuriantly and abundantly, in places choking out every thing else, and reaching 3ft. and even 4ft in height. It makes excellent fodder for stock, and is spreading rapidly over many parts of the island. Leaving camp for northwards, inland about a mile or two, a string of several lagoons are passed, the largest (about 30 acres in extent) being locally known as Bob's Lagoon. Coun try open, fairly grassed, and trefoil plentiful. Continuing to the big lake, the country still appears open, of a sandy soil, grassed, patched here and there with miserable scrub, and protected from seaward with sand dunes of about 100ft elevation. The big lake (now known as Lake Dobson, after the Hon. Dr. Dobson) is an extensive and fine sheet of water, in the north corner ot the island. Nearly everywhere a depth of 30ft. of water may be found, which is quite fresh. At cer tain periods game is abundant on it. Its waters percolate through the intervening sand hummocks oh the west side, near the sea shore, where is a series of never-failing springs, some in peaty moss-covered soil, others flow ing over flat stones. A quantity of stunted timber, fit only for fuel, surrounds Lake Dobson. Immediately north of the lake is a large block of land, which Mr. John W. Brown, who lately made a flying survey of the island on behalf of the Tasmanian Govern ment, estimates is suitable for settlement Part of the Cape Wickham Lighthouse re serve is fenced in, and contains ridges and hollows, with acres of tall waving native grasses, the stocK they support being perfect pictures for condition, demonstrating what the land is capable of when the tares are kept in subjection ; while nearer and about the quarters is a thick turf of English grass, which is fast extending into the native ele ment. South and east of Lake Dobson is country known as the Reedy Flats-about 8,000 acres in extent-of a boggy, peaty na ture. growing reeds, tussocky. grass, nettles, thistles, &c.;, with at intervals ti-tree (Mela leuca) swamps and water tracts. From the flats through to the east coast and right down to Sea Elephant River may be characterised as poor and worthless coun try, subsisting dwarf manna gums (E. vermilis), wretched scrub, small banksias, heath patches, belts of ti-tree (two species), and long low sand ridges of short bracken, and so on. South of the estuary of the Sea Elephant River, about the middle of the east coast, the nature of the country at once improves, as evinced by fine.blue gums and a ranker growth of brackens. Proceeding south next comes Blowhole and Spencer (after Professor Spencer, Melbourne University) Creeks, flow ing through fairly good country, of a dark sandy nature. Some splendid alluvial soil of considerable area commences at Fraser River, sustaining a heavy forest of largo blue gums. This tract extends inland and southerly through to Mount Stanley. The forest somes to the edge of " The Wall,'' vertical cliffs going down into the sea, between Point Campbell (southern point of Sea Elephant Bay) and Bold Head on the south. In addition to blue gums, the forest: comprises good marketable Blackwood and other acacias, Sassafras, musk, mountain ti-tree*(Melaleuca), giant bursaria (E Iseocarpus), &C.;, besides other smaller scrubs, two species of tree-ferns (Dicksonia) are numerous in many gullies and watercourses, which are full of other varieties of smaller ferns. The best blackwoods and sassafras were observed in the vicinity of Fraser River, not the Fraser River indicated on the Ad miralty charts which should be Blowhole Creek, Fraser River being two streams farther south. We were unable, for want of time, to visit the south part of the island, of which Mr. Brown reports:-"Some good land, suitable for cultivation, occurs in the vicinity of the lagoons, but up to the present time little has been done to improve it, but the intro duced grasses are taking hold. Clover, trefoil, meadow fescue, rye, and other grasses are said to hold their own, whilst potatoes, turnips, mangolds, tomatoes, &c.;, do well about the homestead." The homestead has since been deserted. Some of the best land for cultivation was observed about and north of Currie Harbour, in the Porky Creek and Lagoon districts. In character it resembled the best Brighton market-garden patches, of a rich dark sandy nature, supporting the remains ot an ancient forest, interspersed with native hazel, belts of Melaleuca and other scrubs, grasses, and strong growth of bracken in parts. This tract of excellent land probably extends right through to the other coast, to the Sea Elephant Bay portion. Of the Porky district, Mr. Brown again says:-It is well adapted for settle ment, thousands of acres of medium- class land, well watered, partly open, good timber, and in proximity to Currie Harbour, the shipping place." After leaving the good country of Porky district, and between it and our camp on the Yellow Rock Rivulet, is a : strip of open forest land, with fiats fairly grassed, thick bracken, and low scrubs in places. This tract is backed up inland with heavier forest, while on the coast are the usual sand hummocks, more or less-clothed with almost impenetrable scrubs, culminat ing at Whistler Point Between Porky Creek: and Whistler Point many running streams ore passed, notably Pass River and Eel Creek. Thus it has been endeavoured to give a casual and necessarily brief outline of the character of the island ; but from this, or, in fact, any description, no idea can be formed, except by actual experience, how terrible are the scrubs so peculiarly the island's own, and how extremely difficult locomotion is rendered by the thick, stubborn, supplejack like undergrowths. where is hidden a com plete network of dead fallen timber-so many man-traps. Mention must be also made of the remarkable large tracts here and there of silent dead eucalypt forests, as evinced by the regiments of huge, blanched, gaunt tree barrels left standing. They convey a weird and melancholy aspect to the scene. It has been reported that bush-fires have been the destroying agency, but some people are of opinion that insect life, or, more probably, local movement of earth and consequent root decay, are at the bottom of the eviL. King Island, as a whole, although interest ing botanically, does not reveal many novelties in that line. About two miles seaward from Yellow Rock Beach are the New Year Islands, two islets connected with the main island at Whistler Point by a line of reefs. The islands, which are granite bound, for the most part, are covered with short close herbage, so dense in places that one could walk over the tops with ease. Tall rank turnips, cabbages, &c.;, were growing where they could get a footing. It appears years ago Chinese fishermen lived on the islands, and, true to his universal habit, John reclaimed the wilderness for his cabbage garden, hence the reason why the degenerated vegetables were seen. The population of King Island, including lighthouse-keepers, their families, and a few hunters, at the time of the Field Club's visit, stood thus:-Men, 15; women, 6; and children, 22; total, 43. Allappeared to enjoy excellent health, and to be con tented, considering they only have regular intercourse with the outer world three times a year-February, June, and October-when the Marine Board, Hobart, despatches a vessel with oil and stores to replenish the lighthouses. The climate generally, being insular, is salubrious, and would make a splendid sanatorium. The cold south-wester bites sometimes, but Victoria's "brick fielders," if they ever reach the island, are fully 20 degrees or more lower, being tempered by the intermediate ocean space. The average rainfall per annum is about that of Melbourne, namely-27 inches. With the exception of tinned meats, wallaby-flesh is almost exclusively used as animal food by the inhabitants. A pig is now and again captured; they thrive well, and are now running wild over a large part of the island. Two years before the first light house was established, or in 1858, a sub marine cable was laid between Victoria and Tasmania, but soon became unworkable, and was abandoned. A shore line of about 18 miles crossed King Island, extending from Cape Wickham in the north to Telegraph Point, Sea Elephant Bay, on the east. The old track was discerned on the hills, and a large post yet remains at the Sea Elephant River. Mineraloglcally speaking,the island appears poor. We powdered samples of various out crops of quartz-reef which proved barren. Several attempts have been made to dis cover minerals. A sensation was created some years ago respecting a reported dis covery of gold, which turned out to be a hoax. In the south are indications of iron. Round stones of almost pure iron have been found, and small rubies may be washed from the sand of the Ettrick River bed. I shall conclude at this time by pointing out the shipping places, which are- Yellow Rock Beach, on the north-west, sheltered by the New Year Islands, where a vessel can be securely almost any day of the year; Currie Harbour, where a good boat pier has been built; and Sea Bay, on the south. Sea Bay is protected from westerly weather by a long neck of land, terminating in Point Stokes, named after Captain Stokes, an Admiralty surveyor, who relieved Captain Wickham (after whom the north point of the island is named) in 1839 on the Australian station. VALUABLE DISCOVERY TOR TUB HAIR.-If your hair is turning, prey or white, or falling off, use " Tha Uexicaa Hair Henewer," tor it will positively restore n every case grey or white hair to its original colour, . without leaving the disagreeable smell ot most "Be> l-stoiers." It makes the hair charmingly beantiful, u well as promoting the growth oi the hair on bald spots, where the ,gland9 are not decayed. Ask your chemist tor the MEXICAN HAIR. RKNBWSB," sold by. .hemists sad perfumers everywhere, at 8s. Cd. per jottle. Prepared by the Anelo-Amorioan Drug Oo.: Limited), 83 Farringdon-road, London. WhoiesaU oy all wholesale druggists in Melbourne.-(ADvr.l FLORIMKT!-for the Teeth and Breath-Is the best liquid dentifrice in_ theworld. It thoroughly cleanser ellghtful fragrance to the breath. Prioe, 2a. Gd. per bottle, ot all chemists. The Fragrant FlorUlne removes instantly all odours arising from a tool stomaoh or tobacco smoke. Being partly composed I of honor, soda, and extraota ot sweet herbs and pi ante, it is perfectly harmless, and delloioua as sherry. [Certlflpates jof Dr. Attfield with every boras, .with full particulars. Wholesale'by ill wholesale dxuf * in Melbottrne.-4Aprr.t . ; 1 - *? Bornm ON RAW" C" flies, ants, bed-bugs, bfe j rabbits, sparrow*, 