MONDAY, NOVEMBER 20. Before the Police Magistrate and Mr. Ball. DRUNK AND DISORDERLY. - Sheik Mohammet (an Indian) was fined 5/- or twenty-four hours. DRUNKENNESS.-One defendant, locked up since Saturday, was discharged with a caution; a second on bail) did not appear, and his bail-money was forfeited; a third was fined 20/- or seven days' im prisonment. VAGRANCY.-Amy Ah Wee was brought up for having no lawful visible means of support. Mr. Betts appeared for the defence. Constable Farrell deposed that about twenty minutes to eight on Sunday evening he spoke to de fendant at the corner of Auburn and Goldsmith streets; she was then talking to a man ; witness told her he wanted her to accompany him to the lockup; she said "what for?" witness replied," on the charge of having no lawful visible means of support;" she asked witness to let her go and she would leave town next day; she added that she had come from Victoria about five weeks ago and was married to a Chinaman in Narandera ; witness took her to the lockup; on the way she said, " why do you not go for Ah Wing?" at the lockup she gave the lockup-keeper £2 14/; witness has seen defendant about the town the last fortnight in the company of prostitutes; he has seen her stop men and bring them to Ah Wing's house; on Saturday night last a neighbour complained of the conduct carried on in the house; afterwards witness saw defendant and another woman go into the house with men; witness went into the house and found defendant sitting on a bed with a man; several com plaints hare been made about the house. Constable Beazley gave corroborative evidence. John Richardson, residing in Goldsmith-street, deposed that he had seen defendant frequenting the Chinese houses next to his place, but had never seen any men in her company; there have been quarrels in the Chinese houses since defendant came there a month ago, but witness does not think she was concerned in them. The Police Magistrate said Mr. Ball did not consider there was sufficient proof to call upon defendant to shew that she earned an honest liveli hood; he himself thought there was, but as the bench were divided in opinion the case would lapse, and defendant was discharged. Mr. Betts said defendant stated that she was lawfully married to a Chinaman living at Narandera, and that she had promised to go to him. The money found upon her she alleged was sent to her by her husband. The Police Magistrate said if the complaints made against the Chinese houses were true, the police ought to take proceedings against the owners. Sub-inspector Fenton stated that the police were making inquiries with that object. DISORDERLINESS. - For drunkenness and disorderly conduct Gertrude Mildron, a young girl living with Chinese in Goldsmith-street, was fined 10/- or forty eight hours ; for using obscene language she was further fined 40/- or one month's imprisonement; and for resisting the police she was sent to jail for one month, to commence at the expiry of the previous sentence. Major Dane, the talented American lecturer, will visit Goulburn next week, the hall of the mechanics' institute having been engaged on his be half for the 3rd, 4th, and 6th December. We under stand Major Dane is travelling through Australia with the view of collecting information to form materials for lectures in America and England on Australia, and in order that Goulburn may not be left out, a few gentlemen of this city have secured his presence here by a guarantee. From the eulo glistic references to the lecturer by our lady corres pondent from Sydney, as well as from press notices generally, we gather that the Major is a most enter taining lecturer. He has recently attracted large audiences in Bathurst, where he has discoursed on the Rhine and Up the Alps, Sights and Scenes in London, &s.; He appears to have been thoroughly appreciated in Bathurst, as we trust he will be in this city. The Season.-Friday last was the hottest day of the season in Goulburn so far, and the night continued very close. The reading of the ther- momoter at the telegraph-office showed the maximum in the shade to be 99.1 degrees and the minimum 58 degrees. On Saturday a hot wind blow during the greater part of the day, but the thermometer showed the maximum heat to be one degree less than on the previous day. In the evening a sea-breeze sprang up and was followed by a reduction of temperature, the thermometer falling to 51.1. Sunday was cooler than the two previous days, the thermometer not rising higher than 78.2, and yester day was also comparatively cool. Bush-fires prevail in various directions, and for days past the city has been enveloped in a haze of smoke, which on Satur day with the change of wind was so dense as almost to obstruct vision. It was reported yesterday that Messrs. Jobson and Mills' fellmongering establish ment at Towrang and all the residences there except the hotel had been destroyed by fire, but fortunately the report proved to be untrue. A large extent of country has undoubtedly been swept by fire, but in this district the damage has been confined mainly to the destruction of fencing and grass. The rainfall registered at the telegraph-office for the year 1887 was 33.78 inches but for the first ten months of this year it has been only 10.81 inches, and during the present month there has been no appreciable fall. The weather forms at present the most promi nent topic of conversation, and a copious fall of rain is of all things the most fervently wished for and needed. Appearances of rain have so often proved deceptive that one hesitates to express an opinion. Many persons are inclined to think a change is not far distant, while others equally weatherwise predict there will be no rain before the turn of the year. Meantime the prices of produce of all descriptions are rapidly advancing, and supplies are hard to obtain, holders being by no means ready to sell. St. Saviour's Cathedral. - The Bishop has requested us to announce that the confirmation service will be held in the cathedral (n.v) on Sunday afternoon, the 9th of December, at 3.30 p.m. Masonic. - We understand that the masonic lodges of this city are taking steps to erect a hall. A joint committee has been appointed to make inquires in reference to an appropriate site. 