Latest Cablegbahe. — Beater's wires received this morning announce that Mr." James Monro, formerly superintendent of . Scotland Yard, has been appointed to succeed Mr. Charles Warren as Chief Com- missioner of Police. A ' British regiment returning after service in Tndi«. is to stop at Suatim and assist in the operations against tbe dervishes who are giving so mnch trouble to the Egyptian authorities. O'Connor, a well known American oaremau, has van quished Teenier on the Potomac, and is to tiy his fortune in Australia. Secure Your Electoral Bights. —It ir notified that the general lists of the nou-ratepaying electors for the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly most be prepared during the present week, ending the 1st December. ' Persona "who have not already enrolled- may do., so by obtaining electors' rights from the registrars, or tbeir deputies, in the respective divisions. Shot Gun Accident. — a frightful accident occurred on Lawrenny estate, near Care'jut, a few days ago. It appears Hut Mr. Dob ell, a yodng Canadian gentleman payingW viatfo Mr. Macarthnr, was out shoot ing with his host when they him occasion to cross a wire-fence. Previous to doing -so, Mr. Dobel! lowered the hammers tff his gun to halt cock and placed the weapon against the fence. Steppingon tbe lower wire he, unwittingly, caused it to press one of the hammers in the gnn back ; and "when the pressure was removed, the hammer re bounded and . discharged the gnn. The charge in ite -ascent completely shattered the wri-t joint bones of Mr. DobeU'a left arm and whistled past close to his head. The sufferer was at once removed to Lawrenny homestead and Dr. Woodforde sent for. 'far, gentle man at once saw that an operation would be necessary, and a message was sent in for Dr. Bennett who, yesterday, with Dr. Wood forde.. Amnntated -the forearm inat shove the shattered portion, and there 'is every reason to hope and "believe that tbe nnforto- nate gentleman will escape with the loss of his left hand. Mr. D obeli who is an athlete, good at all ontdoor sports, under went tbe parnfnl operation with really wonderful fortitude, never 'flinching in the least, and quite impressing the two medical gentlemen with his pluck and resignation. Railway Blunders. — Mr. r. M'Luckie brings the following circumstances under onr notice:— On' Saturday afternoon "last fae bookedand-patdfora parcel of bread, consigned to Mr. RrRamsden at Redruth, - and which ought to have been forwarded by the Coleraine train leaving HrmUron at 5.10 p.m. -/TheireiLd was not sent; ras Mr M'Luckie discovered on visiting the station . after the departure of the train; but a pro mise was made" by the station ofii rials that -the paroel would -be forwarded on Sunday morning. . Again, ; however," the railway people railed, and Mr. Ramsden had to send a vehicle all the way from Bruug Brnngle on Suuday to obtain. tire bread- . .Nor is this the complete extent , of the provoking nmddle." On finding that the parcel did 'not arrive aa expected on Saturday evening, Mr. Ramsden: tesgnfitdl-tvUtt- umAwijuirtnSA . The messageyvas received at the Hamilton railway station at 7.30 p.th /but it was notj transmiaed to the postoffics until lils'ti ' Monday morning, 'end Hr. M'Lnckie re-, craved it -at ll eock. This sort of freat- meuthy the clerks and ; other persons em ployed at the' railway -depot theffblic will not endura, and snbss jsorne amendment of n.11 ffBSffly3ictiRkbtiihiixGh4utFriaay been fo&Ld;" ioAbourim hythe midday - train. was rislsypd, with the. result fhatjhe nagpoTa/Vbo take it oat ofjthe luinds of the railway, offiraals'before the.snie'becaiae anfitfor'food:' ' J'- ' ' The LAro Aitm--IiMses approved t< J. Barras and E:_'Miies, Yearinga ; Mary" Hrff, fSjritiierina- Borgelt' and "K Kraihedy, nlnij-w.-marrelvkiaterwrfbsnderv Tarrauginnie ; ' Alice Bonrke; Briadebdle ; : Dorothea Parkinson and J. Pettingill, St. -Hetaosi; G, Ross,.' Wilkinj Ellm Rflsfam, Warrock ; T. MGrath, - Worikoo :D.' M'Ginv«y,=ragWBZTy t'E " bnwl ; R and J, Walli Warm- nookyg AL (limnflgigJBiMBMii Amdia- fOmft' M. BpdbflTSHodiG-. Sdlna Allan, Goloke Brilby, 3BaBgctang ; J ftutyiy Thml" mnnSiBi Dlm; £-Elori. Mil Certificate approved: E. Bfoney, Nsg- Wnny, A DnsaotA Avoided. — Mr. Aifan- eau, who' was reoraitiy ejqrointed house - steward at tbe hospital, resigned that posr- thm tatyak, Mr. Bounties having con sented. to again take charge until Mr- Atldnsonfe successor could be aqpuntro. Mr. Atkinson's reasons for teagmng wm, doubtless, be given at the next meeting or the committee who, in the meantime, have telegraphed to several who applied for tire eitnatiou at the same time as Mr. Atkinson, asking if they wre -still open to engagement. Mr. Rountree's action in thus coming for ward to the assistance of the committee will beiappreclated'by an an iutereEt in the institution. Police Court. — Bather a hard ease came before Messrs. W. Thomson and j. E. at toe Haimlton Police Courtyestentoy. A-respectaible-loc&xngxdd;: wMj nuned Ednrd £ooger&, was brongbt up (A a charge ` tbmiw of imppnrL A constable stated that oil Friday evening last defendant had come to tfaepolice station and prayed to be Indeed- np. . - He complained of being nnweli. .. The iwEce tried to get "the rnan into the hospital, out were informed that the institution was so overcrowded that some cf the patients had to lie on the floor. The pool old fellow made a statement that he had come from the Hopkins. - He was 72 years unable to work on account of his being in SI health. He had wdpaumnd to obtain mi—inn to the hospital, but was told it was too full. If he coold get into the hospital he thought he would aoon be aide to doeome light work again. The Bench expressed regret that they were not able to Braid tire old man to the hospital, Mr. Thomson- bear- ing witnesa to its over-crowded state. Hr. Mcnison, C.P.S., stated that , they could supply the old man with a railway ticket to is— t to —hi him to get into the hospital there, which suggestion was approved of by the Bench, and the man waa diechazged accordingly. Singular Tenacity of Life. — What would appear to be the most extraordinary tortoise ever known is now in the possession of Mr. James Porter, North Hamilton. It was hooked in the Wannon an Sunday and in order to release his fishing tackle Mr. Porter out off the tortoise's head. Subse quently he took tbe " shellback " -home to show his friends, and on Monday at three p.m., the tortoise was not only alive, but since deea0ttatiun bad laid eight eggs. When inat heard of the poor tiling was still alive, but, although so prolific in the egg line, hid not succeeded in providing itself -with anew head. Mr. Porter wOl be happy to show tortoise and eggs to any peraon desirous tff seeing them. Mb.Moxnah's Scheme. — Onr readers should recollect that Mr. J. Moyuan, B.E., is to deliver a lecture on "Sanitary Science." on Tbnrsday evening, at tire Oddfellow's Hall, Hamilton, under the auspices of the local branch of the AN. A Mr. Moynan has made the sanitary branches of engineer ing an especial study and it is expected that he will afford much valaable information ou subjecte -which are of interest to every house holder in this country, where preventable diseases are often permitted to prevail, with extremely sad results. Now that we have fairly entered upon the summer, a consider ation of bow to prevent the occurrence or the spread of typhoid and other "filth Jinnsp— n in our midst is highly n&efnL; Tbe local branch of the AN. A cordially invite the pnblic generally to attend Mr. Moynan's lecture, which wiDcoinmence at 8 o'clock. Prayers fob Rain. — In view of the distress likely to bo caused by the con tinued drought. Archbishop Carr has issued a areolar to the clergy of the Melbourne diocese ss follows : — ' St. Patrick's Cathe dral, Melbourne, November 23rd, 1888.— Rev. and Dear Sir, — Until further notice yon will please add, whenever the rubrics permit the the collect 'Ad Petendum Pluvium' to the collects of the mass, and yon will invite the people to join their prayers to the prayers of the church for the cessation, of the drought which is now causing serious and wide-spread alarm. — I remain, Rev. and Dear Sir, very faithfully yours, Thomas J. Care." Intercolonial Boat Back. — On Satnrdar last the intercolonial eight-oared race between New South Wales and "Vic toria waa rowed on the Farramatta river, in the presence of a large host of spectators. The Victorian boat went to the front im mediately after the start, the men putting a 42 stroke as against a stroke of 38 by the New Sonth Wales crew. The Victorians kept a lead of shout three lengths, and though the Welshmen pulled a hard race, they could not reduce the interval. Ulti mately the visitors won by eight lengths. The weather being vlm, the water was perfectly smooth. The victors did not ap pear to be. mnch fatigued after the race; indeed seem to have had an easy win. Charge of Iscehdiabibh. — The Hamilton police have received information that, early an attempt was made to born down the Chetwyna Hotel by means of phosphorus. The matter was briefly referred to in onr last issue. It appears that the licensee, Mr. George M 'Knight,- stated that about one o'clock on the morning of the date mentioned a servant noticed smoke and fire on the bark roof of the stable on the hotel premises. She gave the alarm, and Mr. M 'Knight pro ceeded to throw water on the roof and then to pull off the bark. While engaged doing so, he noticed what he at fiat thought were knots of deal wood, "but when he took one in his hand he got his fingers bnrned. On closer examination, he found the supposed kiuits to be pieces of phosphorus, no- fewer than ten He pot the material into'a bottle, ana sub sequently handed it to the -police, who are making enquiries into the matter. We are informed that they have obtained some in formation which is likely to lead to the dis covery ofthe perpetrator of the dastardly act. a Ship in Custody. — Although the circmnstauces are more Mosaic than those attending the seizure of fhfe stolen steamer Ferret by the Victorian Cdstoms Officers a few years ego. yet there fa an element of interest in the "attachment' of "the ship Silverdale which has just been effected. The vessel b one of 1877 tons register, and arrived in Hobson'e Bay in September last with a fall cargo of lumber. After being discharged, the ship was taken into the Alfred Graving Dock wherehhe received a thorough overhaul, being cleansed and re painted. Subsequently ghe was berthed at the Breakwater Tier, "WilKamstown, and proceeded to ship wool for London. It ap pears, however, that the owners of the tugs Promisl and Biz, of San Francisco, 'have a dram for salvage, mid services rendered, against "the wad when she ores in 'diffi culties near Port Discovery Bay. Before leaving the port into whicn.the vessel apis taken by 'the steam tegs that picked her op, the -captain gave , bills . for a certain amonnt and does not appear", to hare pro- testod against the charges made. The tug proptietom secured a verdict for £2057 12s, uhd'ort lost Saturday the' Marshal of the Admiralty "courts-known to' the nautical mind asa " bum bailiff — nailed the Warrant to the mainmast ' «wl took ' the ««hrn into custody. The vessel wiu prubatjy be ".bailed ont" in the course -of a day - or.- two. in order to admit of her lmdiirg — which has elsoheen-erxested-T-being con tinned, while the dispute will be fought out in the court. ! - The n arrse warren bailwayAcci- deht."— The RMlwayGommiBsionera, having considered, the jreport' of the .departmental board .appointed to epqriire ipto tee recent fatal accident caused by agoodstrain running Jnto a -milk train nt Narree Waiypn, have eanouncedthtir "decision "with regtedfco the persbnsi «esponsible ; for . ten accident. Knapp, the porter in charge, who failed to put fhqdisttece signal at " danger " at the proper time; has been, reduced to an ordinary porter,.., Murray, the guard; of the milk tirii„WhO IMed tej.teattehlattrawab K pprfor end has bten. finBd "the amoant of lus while under .tespehsipn. Urotfy/ teertufonmaetei; whbwes tfbeeni Wffluiat lea've lrom tee' radios )i)iik.)nek rfffioers .are required ;to xteridn.'lwheh 1 off; "llb.'joot' mind, tee xmuahinraitame ridirailwisly.lenirait. .Bad- eraiae of riVhat is expected ojjthem, putilft: is "Tutors ENTKBTAlNHHNtr.cu-LOnr readers axe reminded that the entertafiflhent" triteiijwM brt-ba-'beld ib fcj" of tditoAmatenr Hkuhktidefy and a good ' ehtertainmrait ihntira- pated. The box plan it opened at Mr. J. £. Kronaa'iterae seats may he secured. The new Hospital. — Mr. r. g. Bree informs ns that, in answer to an application, Mrs. Armytage, of Mount StuigeoD and Fulham, fara requested him to pot down her name for £100 in aid of the propozedoew hospital, making £1200 already promised in sums of not less than roe hun dred pounds each. Tahaka Annual Races. — In onr advertising columns appears the programme of tee annual races to be held at Tahara on Ppyrog Day. There are five events provided for, and it is intimated that nominations for the principal handicaps must be lodged with the secretary (Mr. J. Thomson) at latest by the 15th prox. Weights will appear in the Spectator of the 20th prox. Stretcher Compettttojts. — Mr. j. Thomson, who is organising the squads to oompete for Do Heame's prizes at the forth- coming demonstration of St. John's Am bulance Association, intimites that holders of first aid certificates who desire to enter the lists meet on Thursday evening at the Town Hall. : The ITee Fiksd has been (at work with a vengeance of late. Following dordy after the destruction of the mam street at Broken Hill a week or two ago came the disastrous fire at Khfil and a aeries of con- flagrations, involving considerable loss, in the metropolitan district. Ou last Saturday night further and large additions were m=> to the lite of misfortunes by fire. At Wal- hsBa a window curtate in a drapery estab lishment was ignited, and before tee con flagration thua simply caused were subdued irll- yy ImHinp.Mvl.abiiy.a.lmyp. bring dime to the ensnt tff £20.000. Annas; the buddings burnt were tire WalhaUa Chronicle cdfice, the Mechanics' Hall, the Bdhk iff Victoria, the "Bank ot Anstealasia, fE Rom"' DaHuJin f!tmrrii, and the Empim Hotri, the others bring shops and offices. reirn nnirai aiinw-j. WK IUW.|UHlUUIX WAS | saved. The loes ia suppoecd to be I only about half covered tiy insurance. I The same night a fire broke out in the offices ' I of the Seating News end Toum and Ceantrg I Journal, Sydney, a fine block of f our-etoiy 1 buildings. The flames spread with great 1 rapidity, and the upper floors were com- I pletely gutted, the whole of the machinery I and plant bring destroyed. Tbe con ten fe of I the literary and commercial offices were not I injured. The Mrasrs Bennett, proprietors I of the papers named, estimate the loes at I £60,000. when the calamity became known I the. proprietors of the ' Sydaeg Morning I Herald, those iff the Scaly TSegraph, and I also tbe Colonial Treasurer gave offers of I amjntamr, which the Messrs. Bennett ac- I cepted. They will for tee present publish I the Evening News at the Herald office and I tbe Town and Country Journal at the Go- I vernment Printing Office. I Parliament is to be prorogued on the 20th I December. | Walhalla is snmmnded with bush-fires, 1 and the formers in "tee district have sustained fieri o us losses. A fatal case of Eimstroke occurred at Koroit on Friday, the victim bring an old resident named John Guinea. A bill to amend the Pnblic Health Act will be introduced into tee Legislative Assembly by the Chief Secretary this evening. Tbe State school at Nnrcoung has tea "proclaimed an additional polling plaoe within j toe south riding ofthe Lowan Shire. I Tbe Governor ifi to present the certificates I and roedaU won by successful students of St I John's Amhnlance Association at Ballarat I Mrs. Howden, the wife of a prominent I resident of Sale, committed Euiride on Friday I last by catting her throat. Religions mania. I The Govenror-iu- Counril has appointed I Goroke as a place where courts of petty I sessiou8 shall be held — the proclamation eays I « holden-" James Roberts, a shoemaker, hanged him- 1 self with a strap at Williunstown on Thurx- I day night. He was 62 yean of age, and had I bete drinking heavily. I A aeiions outbreak of scarlet fever and I diphtheritic sore throat in Aberdeenshire, I Scotland, occurred lately, and ie attributed I to contaminated milk. I At the forthcoming meeting Cooncil. Mr. Gillies and Mr. Wrixoo will I again represent victoria, xne uouncii wui meet at Hobart in Janoaiy next. I Tbe body of a man united Robh Francis, 1 aged 72 years, was found in the Banvon I river on Saturday, and it is supposed that 1 the deceased committed suicide. 1 A Frenchman named Leon Beanmr, 37 I years of ape, committed snicide at Carlton on Saturday, by shooting himself with a revolver. Monetary "troubles. At a field-trial of reapers and binders held at Ceres, near GeeLong, on Friday, file Horns by was placed first; with 83 points, and the hDCoqmick next; with 72 points. The Legislative Council will discuss this evening the proposal to increase the number of representatives in that Chamber. a special call of members has been made. ' da St Georgehae obtained a verdict in a I libel action brought against tbe Sydney Evening Sees, bring awarded £250 and I costs over and above £25 paid into court. I A West Riverina Separation League has I been formed at .Broken HIH. where the prin- I tuple is laid down1 that 'Western New Sonth j "Wales ehonld be an autonomous division. I A party of fonr, two men and two young I women, were out boating on the Gonlburn, I mar Seymour, on Sunday, when the boat I capsized, and the fonr occupants were I drowned. 1 The man who was at first supposed to be I Cook the Edenhope murderer. tcmB out to be I a person named M'Nally, who had worked I in the. district of Serriteton, for a consider- I able time. I . It is aunonnced that the penny postal. I System, a . proposition in respect to which I was contained in the Budget, will form part J of the Government programme at the ensuing I general election. 1 Win. Bailey, aged 10 yeara, was drowned while bathing at Sew on Saturday evening. I The same evening a young man named David Beanfeell, 19 years tff age, was drowned whilst bathing at Inra. - The R. MB. Cuzco arrived in Port Phillip Bay, from Lrmdon, on- Satnrday evening. Cardinal Moran.Hir Henry. Bnrke and Mr. H. O. Forbes, -tee -New Guinea explorer, were passengers by the vessel. Tbe Government GaseSte of last Friday con tains certain new infos relating to tbe proce dure to be observed on applications to sign final wwl it, provisions of the Administration of Justice Act, 1885. The Metropolitan Gas Company has now reduced the price tff gas to the old rate, via, 5s 4d per 1000 feet; no that the effects of the coal atnke will be 110 longer frit by the con sumers of gas In tbe metropolitan district. -The Australian Natives' Association had a demonstration, in tee Town Hall, Adelaide, on Friday night. . Mr. . J, I Fnrvee, the Victorian president, urged tee cultivation of tee national spirit, and deprecated separa tion. j Owing to a dispute with the management, the compoeitors employed on the S. A. Hcgistcr h&ve; struck work. However, the paper domes. put AS nsnal, and so far as pre sent appearances go, the'lmen are likely to suffer most. = Although the season of the year at which Colonel Price's inepectiro.pf H Company was held is .an, exceedingly busy one; during his recent visits to'the xtiotriot 77 members of the company paraded for -tee commanding officer's examination. -- , ft is dunned- that the new Continental .drug,- Si-iOdapanpheaol salphanp wad, is very effective in diseases of tee nose and larynx. Judging by appearances, we would say that it ie certainly .calculated to have an dbdrieoDe kind.. ... . j , George Bate,'45 years of. agfe, an employ of "the General Postxrffice, has committed suicide, apparently having first cot his thtwt and -'then jumped into tee Yerra Deceased waa in receipt of a salary of £350 a year. He fyd onfferea from ill-health. Mr. E. J. Boss is appointed to be acting receiver and paymaster at Hamilton, vice Mr. W. Vratch, relieved. Mr. W. H- Haley ie appointed to be acting receiver and paymtetra at Casterton, daring tee absence onltevd df"Mr.' J. J. Bariy. . , Dtecribing'V-irreakfostr and lawnfostival given by-tee HorL Jathela' Mnnro to the members of the International Temperance Cohiertpbe,rThe;%raM aaya teat thertenjpra"- anceFartyFate efidehce rff.bring the poe- iseradra Thomas D'aiirijffirot ten years of age, son of a tahroreremplpyed at Strathkellar, soasteroirofrbma pony yes terday , andims- toinedl a fractnreaff .teh colIar- booe/The waSeBSCsraa -conveyed to .Hamilton, Where Dr.- Abbott did what eras neoessuiy. : " A 'yonth named Thomas 'Maloiaey, con ! to", nftminlt a (jlHTIIflBi absanlt iohja giri eenn yesrs Of age, "fast been 'wentrocedtoforfryean'-smpiionmrowith a forge proportion -iff vriitary tohfinemrat ; also, to three whippings with a birch, of 21 strokes each. Mr. Pearson says he has determined to ' give lady teachers in charge of country schools an increase of £15 a year on their salaries, to compensate them for the hard ships which, it is alleged, they underwent when they left the city for the country. At the Bicycle Sports held in Melbourne on Saturday, the five-mile championship of Australia was won by R. Davis, of Sonth Australia; J. E. Fenton (England) being second, and H. Mutton (New South Wale6) third. A coroner's jury has returned a verdict of wilful murder against the German, Ernst Gartne, who - recently shot a man named Brown, in Melbourne. Gartne declares that Brown, who was a well-known criminal, at tempted to rob him, and he used his revolver in self-defence. Messrs. Laidlaw and Fenton (in conjunc tion with Messrs. A. Laidlaw and Co., of Horsham) will sell by auction at Sidlaw, near Maroona. on Thursday next, the whole of Mr. T. Laidlaw'e etook, plant, and furni ture. The stock includes 4700 sheep. Fall particulars are advertised in this issue. Id the enrrent number of the Government Gazette appears a list of candidates entitled to be present at the examinations for the clerical divisions of the public service to be held on the 15tb prox. Hamilton, Edenhope and Warmambool are among the places at which these examinations WiU be conducted. The letter post-card system, about which we have heard so much, is to be introduced into Victoria on an early date. New Sooth Wales refuses to co-operate, and allow the circulation of the cards in that colony free of extra fee. This though we accept and deliver uostamped newspapers posted in New Sonth Wales. 