CHRISTMAS has come and gone. The annual family re-unions, social gather ings, and public gaieties have ranged themselves among the tender memories on the past way marks of our lives. This is true, although the midsummer holiday will be revived, a few days hence, at the inauguration of the New Year, and the period which inter venes between the two great festivals means a more or less complete suspen sion of the ordinary business of life. It is sufficient proof of Aus tralian loyalty to old associations, and the exuberant spirit which makes light of untoward surroundings, that the Christmas season was so fully observed in the midst of an unusually fervent summer heat. No doubt many were reminded on Tuesday of' the Biblical prediction that, under certain circumstances, the heavens should be as brass, and the earth as iron, for the constantly gathering dryness and heat of the atmosphere served to culminate, on Christmas Day, in a glare which scorched the earth like fire. The festive season, however, is marked, this time, with a catalogue of terrible disasters. In our own neighborhood the fire fiend was busy, although, thanks to the prompt energy of our brigades and firemen, the incipient conflagrations were either quenched at the outset or confined to small areas. But our advices from afar—some of which will be found in the present issue—give us a catalogue of disaster and crime which varies from the sen-, sational to the darker shades of a chapter of horrors. The fire at the Alfred Hospital is chiefly remarkable by the absence of any direct fatali ties. It is difficult to conceive any more terrible thing than an out break of fire in a building which serves as an asylum for the sick and the helpless. We need not seek to improvise anything sensational, but it requires little effort to realise that, with an insufficient supply of water and a crowd of helpless inmates, the fire at the Alfred. Hospital had a nar row miss of becoming a hideous tra gedy. Within the Christmas week two terrible calamities occurred on the Mississippi, in each case a passenger steamer being destroyed by fire. Our information of the first disaster, though scanty, is graphic. A crowded steamer, an alarm of fire, a wild panic amongst the passengers, resulting in some 200 of them jumping into the water to avoid the fire. The last element of horror is added by the sentence that many women and children were on board. The second case occurred on Christmas Day. The opening incidents were just similar, but, in this instance, out of 100 pas sengers 30 were burned to death and 60 drowned, only 10 escaping to the shore. Nearer home we hear from Sydney of the destruction of a street of houses by fire on Christmas evening, there being, fortunately, no loss of life, although the destruction of property was very serious. On the succeeding morning an hotel was burned down, and at least two young men, after making desperate efforts to escape along the roof, were overpowered by. the smoke and heat, and fell headlong to the ground 70 feet below, surviving the terrible fall for only a few minutes. Compared -with calamities like these, ordinary bushfires seem secondary matters, but the amount of anxiety and loss due to these would make a heavy total. We hear of fences and fodder being destroyed, and homesteads and human lives narrowly escaping, but it is only when we try to realise the- vast amount of country over which bush fires occurred during. Christmas week, that we can estimate the suffering to man and beast which was occasioned by them. To the catalogue of disasters which if not wilful were at least preventive, must be attached a grim record of crime. The Duchess of Edinburgh being present at a theatre in Malta on Christmas Eve had a narrow escape 'from assassination. A shell, presumably thrown by a Nihilist, exploded close to the Royal box, and there can be little doubt that it was deliberately aimed at the sister of the Czar. Then we have the story of a diabolical murder committed at Cam berwell, near Melbourne. In this case a man fairly well to do became a vic tim to a periodical craving for drink, and, . while under the influence of liquor, made his home so wretched that two years ago his wife was obliged to escape vyitli -her children in bodily fear. She had, in the meantime, managed to make a respectable living in the neighborhood of the home of her girlhood, where she had kind friends. Once a year she visited her relatives near Melbourne, and on her last visit her husband made his appear ance and demanded his children, and upon' the demand •being -refused- he opened fire -wifih-a revolver, and.-after ■wounding his brother iin law by the first discharge, chased : his-wife into the house and '. ; dhot 'her dead. - Such a catalogue -of disaster and crime is indeed a sad accompaniment to the gentle peace -of ■Ohristmastide, but it may, in our own cose,-suggest a still j deeper thankfulness in that our own ■district'has not been shocked with the ■occurrence of either. The bush and ■other fires which we have had to re cord during the week may be regarded as the almost necessary products of a ■season so hot and dry. •Ox Saturday last the he'alth officer for ■the City of Sydney came upon a case of suspected leprosy. The victim was .a Chinaman, who was about iIS years ■old, and had been only about 10 months in the colony. 'Subsequent ■medical examination showed that the suspected disorder was really leprosy, and that it appears to have about 12 months’ .development. The 'inference 5s that the Chinaman brought ithe dis ease from Hong Kong, ana it is not reassuring to know that lie has had nearly 12 months’ close associa tion in Sydney, with not only Chinamen, but also with Europeans. The Creeks call leprosy ■“ The 'first born son of death,” partly perhaps from the antiquity of the disease and partly from its terrible nature. Balla rat residents for many years have been constrained to regard this malignant visitation amongst us -with feelings of ■ personal alarm, as the disease here, as elsewhere, defies medical treatment. 11 For leprosy is as deadly as the plague, and at the same time less merciful. The one strikes down its -victims with a stroke at once rapid and sum. The other seizes and condemns them to a lingering and horrible form of living death. Avery significant fact about? leprosy is that it is gradually spread ing, and medical science has not yet shown that it can either cure the disease or even tell us how or whence it arises. It is known that healthy persons of almost any race incur a serious danger by associating with leprous patients, and, this being known, it is less necessary to determine the exact mode in which the disease is conveyed. It is idle to say that Australians have only a remote in terest in the future and progress of leprosy. In Victoria as well as in other colonies it is known to already exist, and while on the one hand we have a climate in many respects similar to those in which leprosy is the most frequent and unmanageable, on the other we are in the constant receipt of immigrants from the Indian, Polynesian, and Chinese races, any of whom may be., vehicles for im porting the disease. These facts are not adduced for the pur pose of creating a scare, but rather to illustrate the necessity of watchfulness on the part of the official conservators of the public health. It is computed by Mr Edward Clifford, who recently dealt with the subject in the Nineteenth Century, that there are 250,000 lepers in India, and that their number is constantly increasing. “ I saw,” says Mr Clifford, “ most, ghastly lepers begging in the streets and in the balconies of houses. I met them at rail way stationsandother places of public resort. I even heard of one who .was employed by an English baker in the making of bread. It is, moreover, estimated that all the copper money in India has passed through the hands of lepers. I found in Bombay a railway ticket collector whoso hands wore covered with lep rosy, and who can estimate the danger to the community of the hundreds of railway tickets which . pass through this leper’s hands.” In Europe the disease once introduced has entailed a protracted struggle with it on the part of the sanitary authorities, and in Norway the struggle is still going on. Mr Clifford imputes the terrible pre valence of leprosy in India to the almost incredible neglect with which a a subject so urgent is regarded. Mr John P. Murray, president of the Old Colouists Association, lias been requested by a number of prominent electors in the Win dermere to stand for that constituency at the furthcoming election, and has definitely placed his services at their disposal. Mr Murray is a deservedly popular resident of the district, and, having lived for a number of years in the Learmonth district, and being extensively interested in the Sebastopol mines, his friends are sauguine of his success. No time will be lost in eommeneiug a can vass of the constituency, Mr William O’Day, of Broivn Hill, and a member of the Bnngareeshire Council, an nounces himself as a candidate at the next general election for the new constituency of Warrenheip. The Soldiers Hill line of tramway was in full working order yesteiday, and through out the day cais were running along Lydiard and Macarthur streets to the gardens at regular intervals. They were not patronised quite so well as the Sturt street route to the western side of the lake, but will doubtless become more popular when the fact that they are running is better kuown. Some grass and rubbish in a paddock at the rear of Irwin’s Provincial hotel caught fire yesterday afternoon. Both brigades were promptly on the spot, and in a short time any danger there might have been was averted, and the fire was extinguished. A strong wind was blowing at the time, and had any of the buildings near by got alight, the firemen would have had some work to save property. Yesterday was a most unpleasant day for those whom business or a desire to see the “ lions” of Ballarat brought into the streets. The heat was not very intense, but a strong wind raised quantities of dust, to the no slight discomfort of pedestrians. The streets still present a lively appear ance owing to the number of visitors in Bal larat. Tramcars, cab3, and 'busses are still laden with passengers desirous of visiting the lake and gardens and other points of interest. On Christmas and Boxing Days the number of people who visited the lake and gardens and patronised the steamers was fully equal to the average. The statu ary purchased from the Russell Thomson bequest was the centre of admiring groups ou Tuesday and Wednesday, and will doubt less continue during the holidays to attract many lovers of art. The Fine Art Gallery, likewise, has been visited by thousands, and yesterday was well filled during the day. Another load of new potatoes from the farm of Mr R. Grills passed through the market yesterday, and realised £l4 per ton. Messrs A. M. Greenfield and Cos. were the agents. The tubers were in good condi tion. The Buninyong Turf Club races take place to-day. On the programme there are five events, viz., Trial Stakes, Borough Handi cap, Hurdle Race, Selling Flat Race, and Handicap Trot. A good day’s sport is an ticipated, as each race is well filled. A bush fire has been raging’ for the past few days in the neighborhood of Lai Lai, and yesterday morning it was feared that the local railway station and adjoining township would be consumed. The superintendent of police was telegraphed to asking him to despatch assistance from Ballarat, and as many members of the fire brigades as pos sible. Fortunately the wind changed shortly after the despatch of the telegram, and the courseof thefire wasdiverted from theLal Lai and other, townships, but it .was'feared that unless, checked the flames, would make a clean sweep of the bush in tbe direction of Clarendon;- On Hearing of the change in the wind, and the removal of all immediate danger of the fire, surrounding the 'Lai 'La‘l. hamlet and railway station; the -firelnen of Ballarat decided to await further orders be fore leaving home with their steam ertgiues and other plant. The country between Lai Lai and Geelong was enveloped in smoke yesterday, and travellers by train reported that the flames were making great havoc among thousands of acres of timber. The sensational balloon ascent and 'para chute descent by Professor Bartholomew -on Saturday next, at the Eastern -Oval, after the conclusion of the base ball match,-Chicago v All America, is exciting great interest, and a large concourse of people may be ex pected. It may be gratifying to the -subscribers and general public to know that the outdoor recipients of their Benevolent Asylum re ceived for their Christmas Bay—each adult and child, 1 lb flout, Jib raisins, and J lb currants, with spice, iu addition to the usual ration. The inmates had for ’breakfast sausages (very kindly supplied 'by Messrs Mitchell and Cronk); for dinner, roast beef, plum pudding, new potatoes, and .pint of ale; also, fig of tobacco each, with outing for tbe afternoon; also, on Boxing Day, a' pint of ale, fig of tobacco at dinner, and an after noon outing, with cake at tea. All returned home at a reasonable time, having spent a happy holiday. The following additional presents have been received with thanks: Mr Bade and Mr Skoglund, tobacco; also, Ladies’ Flower (Jnion, Christmas letter, which was laid ou breakfast table for each inmate. That very picturesque and delightful spot the Moorabool Valley, with its attractive falls and pleasure glens, was the rendezvous of numerous picnic parties on Boxing Day. The place is situated about one mile and a half from the Lai Lai Falls (which are now quite dry), and on Wednesday a clear stream of water was gently gurgling over into the basin below, which made it very pleasant for the many persons who were congregated there. The Railway Depart ment ran four trains up and down during tile day, and all were well patronised. Among the picnic parties at the Moorabool were the teachers and senior scholars of the Neil-street Wesleyan Sunday-school, num bering over 100, who were enjoying them selves, the superintendent of the school, Mr H. Wilson being in charge. The Baptist, Ebenezer, Soots’, and Town Mission Sun day schools were also on the ground, and they passed a pleasant day singing and play ing in the shade of the trees. Numerous private pienie parties were located on the rising ground near the valley. The day, though oppressive in the forenoon, was iu the afternoon rendered genial by a strong easterly- breeze. After luncheon had been served, a cricket match was played between teams picked from the teachers and scholars of the Neil' street Sunday school. The winning side was captained by Mr T. Pratt, and the losing side by Mr W. Sy-mons. At 7.20 p.m. the last train left the Lai Lai Racecourse platform, reaching Ballarat West at about S o’clock. No accident happened to mar the enjoyment of the day. The Ebenez.-r Sunday- school was in charge of Jlr Anderson, superintendent, and Mr T. W. Parker; and the Baptist Sunday school was under the care of Mr George Parker and the Rev. A. Bird. The members of the 3rd Battalion Militia are entitled to £1742 S-i fid as pay for the half year. The amount is distributed as follows:—Staff, £204 14s fill; A Company, £3(57 14s; B Company, £4ll 16<; C Company, £3S7 Is; D. Company, £371 3s. The little hoy Hugh Radcliffe, who was arrested by Sergeant Charles on Wednesday on the charge of breaking into the dwelling house of Carl Werner, at Soldiers Hill, was brought up at the City Police Court yester day. The lad was committed to the Refor matory. Two persons were also dealt with ou charges of drunkenness. Police business lias been very dull in Bal larat East of late, and even during the Christmas holidays jovial people kept well within the bounds of moderation from a constable’s point of view. Yesterday was “court day” in the Town, but the magis trates in attendance—Messrs Thomson, Phillips, and Williams—had very little work to perforin. A few persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness, several debt cases were disposed of, and the case of alleged trespass, Town Council v M. Wil liams, was postponed. James Patterson was fined, in default imprisonment, for re sisting Constable Cornish iu the execution of his duty. This comprised the business of the court. On Christmas niglit an accident occurred at the claim of the Llauberris No. 1 Com pany, Ballarat East, through the breakage of the wire winding rope. Baling operations were being carried on at the time, and it is stated that the accident was caused through over winding. Ou the rope parting the tank remained fast io the poppet heads. An enquiry regarding the accident is to he held. The Llauberris No. 1 is a tribute company, aud the enginedriver is one of the party. A hank aud public half-holiday has been gazetted for Buninyong races to day-. The friends of MrJ. Gibson Taylor, at one time proprietor of a furniture warehouse in Sturt street and late of Lyons street south, will regret to' learn that he died on Christ mas morning at his residence, St. Kilda. An advertisement elsewhere notifies that his remains will reach Ballarat by the 3.20 train to-day from Melbourne, and be taken to the Old Cemetery. A lad named John Passe, 17 years of age, whose parents reside at Sebastopol, met with a painful accident on Christmas Day through the careless use of firearms. He was out shooting pigeons on the White Horse Ranges with some comrades of about his own age, and a lad named Janies Tuppen had in his hand a gun one barrel of which had been discharged. For safety sake he proceeded to let down the hammer of the, as he thought, loaded barrel. The ham mer of the other one must, however, have rebounded when the gun was dis charged, as it was this he let down. Whilst handling the gun the loaded barrel went off, and most of the contents were lodged in Passe’s left leg near the knee. The injured lad was taken home and attended to by a medical man, who removed some of the pellets. At the doctor’s suggestion he was yesterday removed, to the Hospital, where he is now getting on as well as eould be ex pected. About a week ago a young lady who re sides at Ballarat East complained to the stationmaster at Ballarat West that a friend had lost a brooch, either in the train or on the station. All hope of finding the trinket was abandoned, but a brooch has been found, and if the young lady in question will call at the station she may find that it belongs to her friend. An elderly woman named Margaret Brown, a resident of Eureka street, fell yesterday through putting her foot in a hole aud sus tained a Pott’s fracture of the ankle. She was taken to the Hospital, and admitted. The following casualties were also treated at the institution: —Alice Lawton, 14 y-ears of age, - whose parents reside in Main road, suffering from a sprained ankle, caused by being lifted roughly whilst playing. John Allen, seven years of age, whose parents live at Enfield, suffering from incised wounds on the head and foiearm, the result of a fall from a tree. The baseball players who are to arrive in Ballarat to- morrow morning from Adelaide, preparatory to commencing their match on the Eastern Oval, have secured quarters at Craig’s hotel. The team and their sup porters will number about 40 persons. Mr Bentley, the popular proprietor of Craig’s hotel, lias made every arrangement for the comfort of his American visitors. Mr R. S. Wrigley, whose presence of miud probably saved the life of Miss Luplau when her dress caught fire neat- Lake YVen donree on Boxing Day-, sustained a number of burns on the hands in his attempt to extinguish ths flames by which the young lady was surrounded. Miss Luplau has not yet recovered from the shock which she received. The Ballarat Hospital collector desires to acknowledge the receipt of £3lSsfromMr James Bowes, of Waterloo, being costs awarded at the Beaufort Police Court. There is (says the Herald) some grumbling about the large number of young Germans working their way as clerks in Melbourne. Although some of them are not altogether perfect in the language they get ahead rapidly. This phenomenon has been ob served in London for many years, but, com paratively speaking, it is only- of late that the young Germans have been so notieeable in Melbourne.'! Employers say that the Melbourne .youths have their heads too full of racing, criciet, aud football. A young man looks' -on business as a bore. He only gives tbefae-end of his mind to it. Conse quently lie falls behind in that regard. On the other band the foreigners don’t care twopence about all our racing, crioket, and football. They are assiduous in business, ■and save money.. The Very Rev. Dean England, who lias been in charge of .St. Mary’s -Roman-Catho lic Church, West Melbourne, for many years past, died at the presbytery on Christ mas morning. A Cooktown telegram states that near 100 diggers have returned from Sudest within about three days. Most of them are ill with fever. The box of sovereigns dropped in the -Sydney Harbor while -being taken on board the Alameda has not yet been re •covered. A girl named Griffin has been drowned by the upsetting of a boat on an artificial lake -at the Chiltern Talley claim. She was the •daughter of a-miner who was killed a few months ago in the same claim. Mr Randall, a farmer, 26 years of age, and only recently married, was picnicking with a number of friends on the banks of the Gonl iburn on Tuesday, when he went in for a swim, and was drowned. A youth named James George Bass, 22 years of age, was drowned on Wednesday whilst bathing in Kenny’s baths, St. Kilda. ■An Adelaide telegram, published in the Argus, says: ■“ The Agent- General, Sir Arthur Blytli, has telegraphed to the Pre mier that the Earl of Kintore’s is a suitable appointment to the governorship of the colony.” At the Water Police Court, Sydney, on Thursday Harriet Grant, a young woman, who fainted in the court, was charged with attempting suicide by drowning. The police (says the Herald) gave evidence that she was a well-respected woman, but her life was made miserable by the conduct of a brutal husband, who was adieted to drink. She was remanded fur medical examina tion. A Sydney telegram says:—“ The Russian corvette Nayesdnik arrived on Wednesday morning from Brisbane. After staying here a few days she proceeds to St. Petersburg, probably via Melbourne, Auckland, and Cape Horn.—Three serious gun accidents occurred at Rylstoue during the past week. One of the victims is not likely to recover. All appear to have been caused through carelessly carrying guns.” George Morgan, 33, a young man, un known in the locality, jumped into the Saltwater River, near the Punt hotel, Foots cray, on Wednesday afternoon, with the in tention of committing suicide, but was rescued, and placed in the local lockup. He had apparently been drinking, and either could or would not give any particulars of himself. The Kuutha Coal Prospecting Company in South Australia report finding a pure car boniferous clay at 67 feet; then came a brown or virgin coal, and afterwards anthracite coal appeared. They went through a 30in seam. The disputed Lloyd-Lindsay contest atthe late Victoriau Rifle Association matches was run over again ou Wednesday at the Wil liamstown ranges, the competitors being teams from the Enron Rifle Club and the Nordenfeldt Battery, and the former won after a line contest by 10 points. Both teams were splendidly mounted, and each gained points under the time allowance. A peer’s son (says the Court Journal) is just now fulfilling the terms of an extraordi nary wager by going about the east end of London visiting the various publichouses and performing conjuring tricks in the bars and tap-rooms. The lordling is an adept presti digitateur, and is said to be benefitting by his performance quite a substantial pecuniary return. On dit that there were no fewer than 17 brides elect among the passengers who ar rived some 10 days ago by the R. M.S. Mas silia, and no doubt they nere permitted to land untuxed. After this (says the Leader) who can assert that protection is the policy of Victoria, when such importations are un opposed in the face of the fact that the colony is teeming with marriageable girls ? A heavy poll tax would he more justifiable iu such a case than iu some wherrtt is so vigorously enforced. You ill Australia (writes Dr Taylor in his “ Notes ou Popular Science”) are doingyour level best to cut down, or, at any rate, to destroy your trees by ring-barking. Iu India they are growing them, and making money by tile job. Last year the profits of the Indian Government forests were more than 40,000,000 rupees. The report states that this desirable result has been brought about by “ restraining the destruction of the forests by the wood merchants, and guiding, without checking, the cutting of trees by the peasant!y for tiieir farming and building necessities.” The negotiations for the establishment in Victoria of an ammunition factory may be regarded as practically settled. Captain Whitney, who has submitted to the Premier a draft of the agreement, still insists that it is impossible for the factory to be worked with success at any other site than that originally chosen on the banks of the Salt water River. A bonus of £5OOO is to be contributed to the company (says the Argus) upon the manufacture of a specified quantity of cartridges. The Government contract to take all munitions of war manufactured by the company of good quality, after being subjected to the same tests as at the W’ool wich Arsenal, for a period of 25 years. Among the remaining conditions is a stipu lation that the price of the cartridges shall not exceed those of English make, plus charges for freight, insurance, &c.;, as now paid by the Defeuce Department of Victoria. A very romantic wedding is reported from America, a Mr Harry Ashburton, son of a wealthy manufacturer, from the very nnro mantic town of Leeds has led to the hymeneal altar—or whatever does for it out there—a young Sioux Indian girl. The papers have not described the bride’s dress or gone into particulars as to settlements. The romautic youth had very likely been going iu for “ Loeksley Hall,” part first, aud, disgusted with the fickleness of a “civilised Cousin Amy,” resolved to “take some savage woman ” who will “ rear his dusky race.” I fear that marriage will he another failure, and that the poor Sioux bride will be left lamenting like Pocahontas or poor Mr Hayter’s “Carboona.” About noon on Christinas Day a horse at tached to a light vehicle carrying a lady and gentleman (says the Telcgrajih) bolted in the vicinity of the Parliament-houses, and set off at a furious pace, narrowly escaping collision with a tram coming in the opposite direction. A constable then rushed forward, aud seizing the reins, held fast, although he was knocked down and the wheels of the vehicle passed over his legs. He succeeded, however, at the risk of his life in stopping the runaway and saving the lives of those in tlie vehicle, although he sustained a con siderable shock himself. He was immediately helped into a cub by two other constables and conveyed to the Melbourne Hospital. The gentleman who was thus providentially rescued shook hands with his rescuer, and the crowd applauhed heartily as he was being conveyed away in a cab. Mr Pearson (siy's the Argus) is satisfied that the majority of the junior assistant teachers will accept the compromise offered to them on behalf of the Government. Teachers of this class occupy the same posi tion as Miss Stark, who obtained a ruling of the Supreme Court that she was entitled to lie classified as a fifth-class teacher, and to receive increment from the time of the pass ing of the Public Service Act. The com promise which Mr Pearson proposes is that the junior assistants shall be classified as fifth-class teachers,-and be granted full in crements from Ist July of tlie present year, on consideration that they forego the arrears of increments which they say are due to them. The salary they would then he paid would be £B3 4s as against the present salary of £64. The State would save £15,500 for accrued increments should the departmental proposal be accepted; but us a set-off against that sum must be placed the additional expenditure of £5500, which would be involved on account of increased salaries. The impending retirement of' Mr Walker from the Cabinet, and his departure for Europe in the course of a few days, has set politicians by the ears, and many anxious enquiries are made by aspirants for office on the point whether the Ministry will recruit its ranks before or "after the general elec tions. Busy-tongued rumor (says the Age) very positively states that there is to be a complete reconstruction, and that in addi tion to Mr Walker, Mr Cnthbert, Mr Nimmo, and Mr Pearson are to retire from the Government. Mr Nimmo contemplates a visit to Scotland, and Mr Pearson is not unlikely to succeed Mr Templeton as chair man of 'the Public- Service Board. Those who profess to be in the secrets of Mr Gillies and Mr Deakin state that Mr Zox, Mr Mur ray Smith, Mr W. Madden, and Mr Patter son are to be members of the new Cabinet, if a proper understanding can be.arrived at between these gentlemen. But it will pro bably be nearer the truth to say that no reconstruction of-the Cabinet is likely to be attempted until after the constituencies have elected the new Parliament. “Atlas,” in the jVorld, writes:—“Three fourths of the salaries of colonial Governors are absurdly high. New Zealand, for in stance, staggering under a pile of debt and an accumulation of disaster, will requite Lord Onslow with £7500 a year. Bermuda, a petty islet, with 15,000 particolored in habitants and 2000 acres under cultivation, pays its £3OOO for the luxury of being ruled by General Newdigate: bankrupt Jamaica subsidises Sir Henry Norman to the stiff tune of £6OOO per annum; out of its £76,000 of annual revenue, Fiji, with its haiidful of white settlers, pays its Governor £5OOO a year; and Biitish Guiana is saddled with a Governor at £5OOO, a Lieutenant-Governor at £l5OO, and an administrative entourage whose collective pay is close upon £20,000 a year, its total revenue-being considerably under half-a-million sterling. In making his daily* examination of the patients attending the Regent street branch of the Sydney Hospital on Saturday (says the Tdeip'aph), Dr W. R. Clay, the city health ofiicer, came upon a Chinaman who he thought was Buffering from leprosy. Celestial, whose name was given as Ah Lamb, was 18 years of age, and had only been in the colouy about 10 months. He had been living with some fellow-countrymen at No. 12 Victoria Place, off Liverpool street. His disease was not very fully developed, and appeared to have been only 12 months in existence. It would appear, therefore, that it was contracted before the sufferer left China. Dr Clay bad him conveyed to the Sydney Hospital, where he was examined by Dr T. J. Henry. Dr Ashburton. Thomp son, of the Board of Health, was then sent for, and on arrival he also examined the Chinamnn. Being satisfied of the nature of his illness. Dr (Thompson directed his re moval to the lazarette at Little Bay, which was done with as little delay* as possible.. The report of Mr J. Burnett, labor corre spondent to the Board of Trade, includes a very large amount of statistical information upon trades unions and their doings. The report is necessarily incomplete, because many associations, representing altogether more than 150,000 workmen, have declined to furnish the particulars asked. Neverthe less, as Mr Burnett says, there is here for the first time a mass of official facts and figures which “ will tend greatly to correct the generally prevailing notion that the sole object of trades unions is to foster and encourage strikes, and that most of their funds are applied to that purpose.” So far from being characterised as fomentors of dis order, they are shown in their true nature as mutual benefit societies. There is, how ever, a still more important piece of evidence to be gathered from this report. This is the unmistakable improvement in trade. Throughout the country the reports of in dividual unions for ISS6 were records of bad trade and great expenditure in relief. Many societies spent more than they received, and in some cases as many as 20 per cent, of the members were dependent upon the general fund. In ISS7 a distinct change was noticed. As the year went on the percent age of unemployed steadily decreased. In a remarkable paper entitled “ The Pro gress from Poverty*,” contributed to the American review, the Forum , Mr Edward Atkinson (observes the Daily News), declares his opinion that the prime factor in the pro gress of the people of the United States, both in personal wealth and in general wel fare, has been the development of the rail way system. The 26 great systems of rail way, which centre in Chicago, have received in the last four years little less than 640.000. dob, or £125,000,000 sterling, in return for carrying food, fuel, materials for shelter, and clothing, at a rate of less than 4d a ton per mile. The substantial cha racter of the boon conferred by the reduction of the rate is shown by the fact that it is calculated that if the old rates prevailing 15 to 20 years ago had been in operation, the American public would have paid for this service in the four years nearly 1,100,000.000 dol., or £22,000,000 more than the ninonnt stated. British farmers and manufacturers, ■who complain so bitterly of the excessive and unequal cost of sending their products to market, may well look on these statements with envy. But the service of these trunk lines constitutes, after all, only 35 per cent, of the railway service of the country, and the reduction on the other lines has, we are told, been as great or greater. Altogether it is calculated that the reduction of the old rates for carrying goods is equivalent to a gift to the public of 500,000,000 dol., or more than £160,000,000 sterling per annum. Mean while the construction and operation of the railways have been the source of many of the gigantic fortunes of recent years. The burden of most of the letters of semi official origiti from Berlin to the Austrian and Hungarian papers is the strong sus picion entertained in the German capital that the new Russian loan of 20 millions sterling just contracted, chiefly* through French houses, will be expended, not, as is pretended, on the conversion of the debt, but really upon fresh armaments. One of these correspondences, in the Pesther Lloyd, concludes with the remark —“This Russian loan will have the effect of com pelling other countries, however reluctantly, to make fresh sacrifices.” The highly alarmist tone thus distinguishing the com ments of German semi-official organs, and writers inspired by the Berlin Foreign Office, is deemed excessive in competent circles in Vienna. In this capital it is not thought wise or necessary to sound the note of alarm at every movement in the Russian army which may be suspected of threatening to affect the military equilibrium on the frontiers. From this, however, it is not to be supposed that the Vienna Foreign Office is growing less vigilant than hitherto. The contrary is, indeed, proved by the warning it published in the Fremdenblatt on the very morning the treaty for a great financial transaction was signed in Hungary. The following extract from a letter writ ten by* Mr Herbert Ward, one of Stanley’s recruits, who.met his chief as he was setting out on his present expeditiion will be read with interest:—“ Never in my life,” says Mr Ward, “ was I so struck with any sight as with Stanley’s caravan on the march—Egyp tians, Soudanese, Somalis, Zanzibaris, and others, 900 strong. It took me two hours to pas3 them, and then I met the second in command, Major Barttelot, a young fellow burnt very dark, with a masher collar fixed ou a flannel shirt, top-boots, &c.; He was carrying a large bucket that some fellow had abandoned. ‘ I say, are you Ward ?’ he shouted. ‘I am Ward,’l said, ‘and I now belong to your expedition.’ ‘I am very glad to hear it,’ he replied; ‘ Stanley has spoken of you, and so yon are coming along. That’s right, very good business.’ He seemed to be full of tremendous spirits, looked very fit, and ladmired him immensely. Tlppoo Tib, the notorious slave trader of Stanley Falls, Ims come round from Zanzibar with Stanley, and in his silken robes, jewelled turban, and kriss, looks a very ideal Oriental potentate. It is though ‘ Good biz,’ as Barttelot would say, getting him for an ally. He had 42 of his wives along with him. Some of them are handsome women.” According to private advices received in Vienha, the terms of issue of the new Rus sian loan was submitted to the Czar on Thursday, 16th November, and agreed to by his Majesty without alteration. The agree ment respecting the loan has been signed at St. Petersburg. The contracting banks must pay the amount in gold by Ist July next. Nothing definite is known regardin'* the destination of the money. The loan is to be issued after some weeks at Paris, Lon don, Amsterdam, Brussels, and Berlin. According to a telegram from Berlin, 175.000. of ronbles of the new Russian loan are reserved for Garmany and Russia; 50.000. for England and Holland, and 275.000. for France and Belgium. The war rumors propagated from Berlin have not affected Russia’s position in the money inaiket, but the general public in Austria, at all events, 13 less inclined than'ever to send its savings to a country where the bud get escapes from all trustworthy control. Russian credit is at a miserably low ebb, and, at auyrate in Vienna, people have no reason to be anxious that it should improve, or that Russia’s appeal to foreign capitalists should be successful. Those Austrian papers which derive their inspiration from German sources, are joining with the Ger man semi-official Press in taking an alarmist view of the Russian army reorganisation, which they* declare to be threatening to European peace. Even the Polish news papers, however, which are in the persistent habit of exaggerating Russian armame its admit that in the present case no serious--. military preparations are noticeable in Rus sia. None the less it has been announced,, and the announcement has caused some surprise, that the German Reichstag is about to be asked for votes of credit to the amount of seventy ’millions of maiks for artillery purposes, 101 b millions for naval' requirements, and 45 millions for providing additional carriages for the State railways. The unfavorable impression produced by Lord Salisbury’s Guildhall speech has (the Berlin correspondent of. the Standard says); been deepening almost every day since it was delivered, and there is now a noticeable increase of uneasiness in this capital as to the prospects of the general peace. Indeed, the international situation has completely changed withiu the past week. A fortnight ago Sir J. Fergusson was able to describe the situation as peaceful., it is now quite other wise, and general disquietude is again begin ning to prevail. Not only is the new Russian loan regarded with the greatest distrust, but. Franco- German relations are becoming more and more critical. It has never happened in the history of the world that two neigh boring nations have maintained such unna tural relations for so long'a time—lS years —as Germany and France have done since There seems hurdly any hope that this state of things should ever- show a permanent' improvement. Frince Bismarck, no doubt, years ago said that France herself would have to commence any fresh war with Ger many, otherwise Germany would certainly remain quiet. But the times have altered, and with them, perhaps,, the German Chan cellor too. Hence it is quite possible that* Germany will not wait till France attacks her, but will say, “-If war be unavoidable, we may not wait till it suits others to begin.” I do not, of course, mean to say that war is at this moment imminent, but that the time of confidence in peace is once more at an end; that clouds are gathering in the political sky which may perhaps vanish again, but which seem equally likely to break in the storm of war. The news of the disorderly scenes which attended the recent enrolment of recruits in Alsace-Lorraine is regarded at Vienna as serious. The treasonable cries- of “ Vice la France. /” the numerous desertions across the Swiss frontier, and the maltreatment of a Prussian recruiting officer, are looked upon as unmistakable symptoms of the ex asperation that prevails amongst the population of Alsace. A short time ago information was received from a thoroughly trustworthy source that the people of Alsace-Lorraine were beginning to find the reyime introduced by Prussia altogether intolerable. According to one informant, at any moment an incident might occur which would rouse popular indignation to such a pitch that disturbances of a seiious character would ensue. They would be put down with an iron baud, and then the danger would arise of an irresistible movement in France urging the French Government to interfere on behalf of nos frercs d'Alsace Lorraine. Bad blood has been accumulating since the first frontier incident. It is im possible to describe the irritation produced amongst the people of Alsace by each suc ceeding difficulty; but the state of things must be critical for the recruits to have cried “ Vive la France /” in the very teeth of the Prussian military, and for 200 of them to have fled to Basle in order to avoid serving in the Prussian ranks. A symptom, too, that cannot be overlooked is the repro duction in the North German Gazette of the recent sensational article published by the Italian military organ, JEsercito Ilaliano, re presenting war to be inevitable because France cannot help endeavoring to break through the iron ring by which she is en circled through the alliance of Italy and Germany. This is'all the more return liable as the attitude of France has never been more pacific. 