ECHOES OF THE STREET [By Tommt.Tbot.I . . 'Our eohpes roll from sonVto.Boul;' ? ' .-,-?'?' .'..- ' .'.?'.' '?':? ',. 'V!,- ? -??~TENirYa-n-r. On the 3rd inst., while taking, my early morning airing, I ;. was .-roused: from, a reverie by the loud exclamations of the news boy, who was exercising his powerful lungs by crying the world's news. ' .Full particulars of the battle at Elwick, by our special war correspondent. Captain Harrap seriously wounded by the flashes of nv.4*{lla«*W tfMm ^li« nitnn nf 4*%.n AMnm** . though dangerously and desperately wounded he was able to remain in the field (ho was materially assisted by medical aid in the shape of smiles. , from Lady Hamilton and her suite, with the judicious' use of tonics and stimulants). Here you have it — the Examiner, with, its old head and young legs, all for one penny 1' I made up my mind to arrest the youngster in his progress and put one or two queries to him., I asked him what he meant by old head ? ' Firmness of principle, in tegrity, .forethought,', right on financial matters,' he answered. 'Well, what about young legs ?' Here he was like the boy with . the organ ; he put 'we' in. ' We work by ! electricity, bottled .up lightning .$.? ? we* plunge into ideas* dash .them off cleverly: o.nrl nrif.Vi raa/TaKlunoaa . T\n vntt wanf. Vialp. a1' 'dozen 'copies' to,send to yourfriendsi abrbad,||sir '('' While I was musing if I, should .invest sixpence to, humour the ?youngster, He looked me full in the face, land' said, 'Ah, I see you belong to the stage-coach period: you stop to change hordes,' 'and off he dashed, making the air resound again with the 'World's news in the daily Examiner for one penny.' I re flected, and said : ' There goe3 a future Premier.' I journeyed homewards, and on the breakfast table lay the Examine): Upon unfolding its sheets I couldn't help thinking what a wonderful production for a penny ! Miles of ocean travelled , by cablegrams, . from, all the Australian colonies, an epitome of all the principal events' of the day, 'all the vital newa from Europe ! What concentration ? and organisation! Thousands of metal type set up in a fe.w hour3, and sent forth to the public in a loadable and intelligent man ner, and all for one penny! Another feature the columns displayed was that the whole island for three days could give itself up in various ways to pleasure seeking. Not a country township but what had its spcrts of some kind, various excursions taking place — one being to a chief centre of its mineral wealth at Mount Bischoff, and another to the Garden of Eden at Maria .Island. How different this reads to reports from the old country : No crying for bread; no clamour ing for employment and cannot obtain it; no necessity for soup kitchens, but here reign peace and plenty. The humblest individual is able to put on his clean shirt, smoke his pipe, and philoso-: phise. Even the mining broker forgets there i3 such a thing as scrip for three days. :'*''... 'Fanatic energy!' So writes a New Zealand pressman, but I will try to put the incident in more sober language. During the heavy rains and floods in Reefton, New Zealand, a landslip occurred in the night, which swept away a house, burying ; a miner, his. wife, and eight children. It was discovered in the morn-; ing that Jim Cole and all he possessed were covered with tons and tons of earth. The cry went forward, ' Come and help to dig them out.' It was heartily Responded' to by. male and female, and in a short time he was extricated alive with seven of his children. .Renewed energy was put forth: to recover, the i wife and tho other child, but. alas! unfortunately/they were both dead. Does not the large heart that lies ;under the moleskin ?;? come out grandly when emergency , requires it? A by stander states- there were fifty- tons of earth removed in the course of half an ?hour.. , , .-. . ;..,,. .-.; _/? ?'.:''.., -? '??-.\i ??'; 1 ' Growls come from'tha camp. A member of one of the country' :olubs' thus 'growled.: 'Don't you, think: those saveloys' should : have been1 served to us hot1? The, idea of men having to go but' to the field'1 after' eating cold saveloys!'- 'I wouldn't have minded that if the; water hadn't been so .bad,' or they had sarved ua with' hot' coffee,' answered his friend. (It is evi dent this growler was a Good Teuiplir.) Third growler : 'I wouldn't have cared about the water if there had been more grog and better.' .Fourth growler : ' I don't see why we shouldn't have had wine and champagne served out, as we did all the work.' A growl from a grizzly old tax-payer from the corner : ' Who pays for all these champagne luncheons ?' Answered by the squad ; 'Oh, they will appear in the bill aa miscellaneous articles.' The tax growler said he would very much like to know what this volun teer movement had cost from the com mencement, and that he would write to the Editor of the Examiner to 'tot up tho various items, and ask if the colony had gained one permanent or useful benefit by such an expenditure. ' The action of Councillor Smith, of the Doloraine Council, is highly commendable in reference to the Chudleigh Caves. Such vandalism 'should be stamped out by tho vigorous act of the law. I don't want to enter into a controversy with your correspondent ',B.,' but I wish to ask him three questions. First — Can the coal be put into a ship's hold (that is, if the facilities are equal, or nearly so, to, those of. Newcastle) ^.at :the same price, or less ? Second—Is any of the coal, in the, colony equal in quality to the Newcastle' coal? Third— Is 'there a market for the quantity he, saya ought to be raised, that is, 15,000 to 20,000 tons per week ? If he can. answer those qnestions to my satisfac tion, I willthen go in for c-o-a-1., The eohoea 'of the news boy with the penny Examiner, have evidently disturbed the', slumbers ' of ' 'Because;' 'he, gave three groans to shake., off. the nightmare, ?Tose from his coucK and ?.seized a pen, trying to make out that ' Because. ' repre sented national opinion. ' It is 'highly amusing for him ' to twit you with defending Congregationalism' when we all know that his colums were open to support one sect because he was paid for it. The attack by ' Old Colonist' was mendacious in the extreme. Let the Examiner sail on as it has hitherto done, viz., support religion without cant. There are otber autocrats besides the Russian Czar. There dwells on a certain mount one who issues such edicts as ' Tbou shalt eat of certain dishes prepared at this store ; and them shalt not bend the knee to any God but what I shall Bet up ; and if any of you are sick I will send unto you my physician.' And there dwelt a young man' in that country who was guilty of acting and thinking for himself, and. he called in his own medical man to tend his family. For that act, though he had been a good and faithful subject for 10 years, the. order went forth— 'Thou must not ! remain/' and he had to travel, from the. ! mount, fortunately his footsteps^ed him ?into a land'wh'ere he could breathe.freely. , , Referring to' my' statement that Mr. John Barrett, of Turner's Marsh,' was the last of the little band styled the .'twelve apostles,' a correspondent reminds me that Mr. Joseph Clayton is still a resident of Perth, though in his 88th year. But the Joseph Clayton I referred to lived with Mr. Ball from the year 1838 to 1852, and then came to Launceston and acted as agent for Mr. John Barrett in conveying horses and other produce to Melbourne. In the last years of his life he was engaged as clerk to Mr. Barrett, in whose service he died about ten years ago. I am aware that Mr. Joseph Clayton, of Perth, came 0 the colony in 1821, during Governor Sorell's administration, and that he was bhe first man to fall a tree on the township of Perth, which tree ho sawed up into quartering and boards and built the first house m Perth. He was one of the fir3t who opened his doors to the Wesleyan Methodist ministers, and materially as sisted in erecting the Wesloyan Church in Perth. I have no wish to bury him, and hope he will tot up the hundred. 'Well, Mr. Ruinpff, aren't you interested in any of these good things in silver-?' was ; asked ' under the verandah' last week. 'Well, not just at present,' replied the ' well-known trustee in bank rupt estates, removing his faithful pipe for a moment, 'but I expect to be interested in some, of them in about, six months.' Then he beamed over his spectacles, and smiled blandly. The moral of this, as Captain Cuttle says, lies in the applica tion. He was a stranger from Hobart, and, according to your police report, went into and lay down on ' a shake-bed,' and the woman shook a pound note from hia waist coat pocket. A ' shake-bed' is a new kind of roost to me, but it seems a highly appropriate designation in this instance. He had previously visited ''some hotels,' and, according to Moses (not tho ancient lawgiver), should have emerged as 'a fiend,' but his subsequent adventures rather, resemble those of 'a lamb.' Oh, the glorious rain! ' You can see the parched grass shooting up green already, and bushfires are a thing of the past. By the-by, Iwonderif all those extensive fires were accidental, or whether my friend Barkstripper was 'bamming' me with that story of the harvesters who secured a glorious '.' liquor up 'at the expense of an extensive landowner, decidedly not noted for his liberality to the working man. B. says tho landowner got a pictorial letter in which a ' Tandsticker ' match-box and a bottle labelled ' whisky ' flanked on either side what looked like a strong crop of rushes, but was meant to represent grass, and that very evening the men were sur prised by the receipt of a couple of bottles ?of ' hardstuff ' from the landowner, who was voted a 'jolly good fellow.' Curious cpinoidence,;wasn't it ? ' .'?!:.'.'' i 1 i From a Sydney paper I learn that at the Volunteer Easter Encampment at ; Middle Head, the distinguishing badge of repre sentatives of the press was a white ribbon worn across the left cheat; At first they thought it very complimentary of Captain Nathan to select the emblem of purity for the pressmen, but Dr. Williams informed them (I now quote from the ' war cor respondent's' own report) 'that our white badge indicated membership of a new order, the ' White Ribbon' army, whose members solemnly pledge themselves never to' drink between drinks. At a meeting of pressmen, held in the doctor's tent, wa de cided to accept tho obligation and take the oath. Mr. Harnett. Sergeant-at-Arm? of the New South Wales Assembly, and several gentlemen who visited camp, have applied to bo admitted members of the *? White Brigade.' This is better than the society in which all the members were sworn to drink in moderation, and if any member got drunk without giving to the secretary a fortnight's notice of his inten tion in writing, he was liable to expulsion. The White Brigade popular ? I should think so. Count 'Tommy Trott' and ' Longford Notes' on the Btafi, Mr. Editor, whtn the badges are issued. That we are improving very fast cannot be denied, and my only fear is that we shall soon be too ethereal for contact with the common thing3 of this sublunary sphere. Often have I wondered -what kind of creature or machine was intended by a ' lady help,' and at last I discovered that the phrase was merely a delicate way of describing a ' respectable' female ser vant, whose duty it is to watch her employer performing menial duties that she herself would never touch. But refine ment seems to have been sublimated to the very highest pitch by that Scottsdale far mer who, wanting a bullock driver the other ?day,ad,venti8eii,for.''ua young gentleman as oxen conductor !'. , \ i . ' The mining fever of a few years ago has returned' to us with a vengeance, and. some ; of our astute friends of ' tho corner' are said to be making their pile, and a glossy one,' too. They, perhaps, may deserve it, but as a matter of fact is it always the good boys who pull the plums with a self appreciative smile out of tho world's pud ding ? With Grant Allan, I might say — ' Far from it : quite the other way. I have seen the wicked flourishing in my time like a green bay tree. Honest industry breaks stones on the road, while successful robbery or successful gambling rolls by at its case, cigar in mouth, lolling on the cushions of its luxurious carriage. If you stick to honest industry all your life long, you may go onjbreaking stones contentedly for tho whple term of your natural existence. But if you speculate boldly with your week's earnings and land a haul you may in time set another fellow to break stones for you, and then you become at once a respectable man, a capitalist, and a baronet. All the great fortunes we see in the world have been I piled up in the last rnsnrt; if you'll only believe it, by successful gambling.' I do not; for a moment wish to cast any re flection upon those who are associated with the present boom, but I ? am afraid a few fingers will be burned if discretion is not used, for not only are young men, clerks and others, who can scrape together enough to buy a few shares, 'just to have an in terest in the thing, you know,' engaged in it, but old fogeys like myself are attacked with the fever. Take an old stager's advice — ' Have a care, lads, have a care.' A singular proof of the correctness of the theory of 'doubles' can be occasionally met with in a stroll through the Town Park. I may premise my story by saying (and which all my readers will at once admit) that it is quite impossible for our worthy Mayor to bo a law-breaker, and yet anyone who did not know him intimately might suppose, so by seeing his exact counterpart, accompanied by another counterpart of his well-known and re spected little dog, perambulating the Town Park, not in tho semi-detached form speci fied in the legend ' Dog3 must be led,' but each at equal liberty. Now, what con vinced me that this was not Mr. Farrelly but a ' double ' was the conviction that if it had been that law-abiding and lawdis pensing magistrate, the Curator would at once have charged him with committing a breach of tho by- lows. I would strongly advise Mr. Farrelly to watch for this counterpart, and in his official capacity deal out the law to him with righteous rigour. I have heard enough about the twelve reasons why it should, and why it should not, occupy a front seat, but on this occasion can give an instance where it had to take a back seat. He was a newspaper canvasser (and newspaper men are supposed to be always in a chronic state of im pecuniosity), travelling on foot round Bracknell way, and on his lonely tramp he got tired and footsore. Providence, how ever, tempers the -wind to the shorn lamb, for just as he was about knocking up, ho spied a small boy coming along on horse back with the mails. Here was a show. As soou as the boy came alongside, without further ado, lie ordered the lad to get down so that he might get up. This the boy refused to do, but, not to be done out of a cheap ride, he mounted behind the lad, and compelled him to whip up. After riding along a goodly distance in this style, and spying some labourers at work oa the road, he thought it time to get off, telling the lad to wait for him until he came back! Respectfully declined! They say plenty of cheek is necessary to get along in this world, and the person in question evidently has a big stock on.hand, but this ' novelty ' in the way of running business ' on the cheap ' has been modestly kept in the background. 