Review of the Year. The. year 1888' has during the greater portion of it been one that will ever be remembered by agri culturists, pastoralists, and settlers, on account of the very severe drought that was experienced. At the commencement of the year rain fell all over the colony, and in snme nlaops was so hpanr as to cause floods. Anxiety on this account was felt at.Maitland, but after rising to a - certain -height the river remained stationary, and began to fall; Some parts of the colony were favoured with warm weather for the harvest, but in one or two places this was destroyed by the heavy rain which fell shortly aster the crops were cut. After a few weeks of very hot weather, general rain again set in, and did an immense amount of good ; but from May till about July only a few showers were received, and what good was effected by these .was destroyed by the severe frosts which followed. During the remaining months of the year, as far as the aid of November, very little rain fell in the country. The days began to gq': *|3tter, and as the heat increased, the grass was scorch 5 and withered, rivers began to dry up, and large and destructive bush-fires broke out in almost every part of the colony. The fires travelled with alarming rapidity over the western districts, and on account of the grass being long and dry, the fires swept everything before them — trees, fences, and in some cases even houses, were destroyed, leaving many families destitute. Stock perished in all direc tions on all the stock routes through the colony, and in a good many cases paddocks, too, being literally covered with dead aud putrefied animals, with no means of putting them out of the way. This state }f things occurred until early in December, when the Northern monsoons extended to this colony, and brought the welcome rain. Very severe thunder storms were experienced all over the colony, and, although too late for this year's crops, late plantings were much benefited. Great anxiety was felt by the pastoralists at the beginning of the year through the ravages of the rabbits which swarmed over the whole of the western districts, eating up everything they could get hold of. On account of the serious nature of the pest, meetings were held to find out the best means of dealing with the plague. The Government had offered a reward for the eradication of the evil, and M. Pasteur offered his services to suppress these rodents. Operations were commenced on Rodd Island in the Iron. Cove Bay, by the famous scientist's representatives, which proved highly successful in every way ; but at this point the experiments with chicken cholera, Pasteur's plan, 6trange to relate, ceased, and since then, with other plans left for report by a commission, has been lost in the realms of red tape. Another great evil which M. Pasteur success fully fought against, was the dreaded Cumberland disease. M. Pasteur consented to his representatives giving demonstrations of the efficacy of vaccina tion. The experiments took place at Junee, and were successful in every degree. In connection with the shearing difficulty, a meet ing was held near the beginning of the year for the purpose of forming a sheepowners' association in the South. The new association met the shearers' union at a conference at Young, and arrangements were made which were to the mutual benefit of all con cerned; but at several other places the. question assumed a very serious aspect, the masters refusing to employ union labour. At Brookong the refusal ended in a riot. The union men assaulted the non-union shearers. Four of the rioters were arrested, tried, and sent to gaol. This decision of the Court had for some time the effect of quietening the union men ; but later on Mr. J . It. Gill's station, near Walcha, was besieged by a great crowd of unionists. Police assistance was sent, and the mob dispersed after some trouble. One of the principal events during the eaily part of the year was the Centennial Intercolonial Exhibition, held at the Agricultural Grounds, Moore Park. It was opened by his Excellency the Governor on January 25. The 6how was an un qualified success, the different sections being very well filled. The sheep of the colony suffered to a great extent during the first half of the year through the attacks of worms. That troublesome disease of the vineyards, phylloxera, spread this year to an alarming extent. Coming from the Camden district, it spread to Seven Hills, near Parramatta. The extermiation of the pest is now being closely attended to by an efficient board. ; ThejCentennial Stud Sheep Fair was held in July, and was the best ever known in this* city. The sales were commenced by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, when the world-renowned Scone sheep were sold. Messrs. Mort and Co. drew for second sale, and besides that firm Messrs. Griffiths and Weaver had some good sales. Apropos of wool, it may be mentioned that an amalgamation between the two largest firms of wool-brokers in Australia was effected towards the close of the year, which means a vast advancement in the wool industry of New South Waies. The quarantine regulations of this colony formed the sub ject for a great many complaints from stock importers. The regulations provide that stock shall be kept in quarantino for long terms, even after being examined by a skilled veterinarian in England. This means additional expense to the importer. The frozen meat trade is making rapid strides in New Zealand, where Messrs. Nelson Brothers, of London, have established a branch. A representative of the firm visited this colony, and obtained from the Minister for Mines a very favourable reply regarding the willingness of the Government to advance the trade. A very interesting discovery was made at Myall Creek when the remains of very large animals were found, giving a slight idea of the mammoth animals that existed long before the white man set foot on these lands. There must have been a great flood or deluge, as the depth of earth over the remains was in some places loft. One of the most important things that have engaged the attention qf stockowners towards the close of the year was the boring for water. Owing to the wretched state of the country along the stock routes, the Government wisely determined to put down bores at special places to see if water could be obtained. At the Kerribee Station, about 70 miles from Bourke, a good artesian supply was obtained, and this, with other discoveries, favour the view that 1889 will bring many of the vast underground resources to light. 