FIRE AT CHARLESTON, An inquest was held by Mr. J. C. F. Lauterbach, J.P., and a jury, of which Mr. Moses Topham was foreman, at Charleston on the 10th inst., on a bush fire which on the previous Tuesday destroyed fencing and grass on the properties of Mr. T. Anderson, of Charleston, and Mr. H. Kleinschmidt, of Lobethal. Robert Buckley, farmer, deposed:—Re- member fire in Mr. Thos. Anderson's paddock. Can't say whether it happened on 2nd or 3rd inst.; believe it was the 3rd. First saw it about 8 o'clock in the morning. Saw smoke come from the creek near Mr. Anderson's place. Noticed it getting into the adjoining paddock on the western side. Saw two people at a distance moving about, evidertly intending to check the fire to save the fences. Saw the smoke rise close to the creek in Mr. Anderson's paddock. By jury :—Did not go down to the fire ; was about half a mile distant from it. Thought they were burning stubble. Didn't hear any one call for assistance. Saw fire spread rapidly westward. Don't know whether it was accidental or otherwise. Saw no fire burning there a few days before. By police :—Saw fire when it started. It started about two or three hundred yards from Mr. Anderson's house, in a stubble paddock. Saw a man moving about a few yards from the fire. Don't know who he was. Was under the impression Mr. Anderson was burning stubble to clear his land for ploughing. My farm adjoins Mr. Anderson's. He did not give me notice that he intended burning stubble. Cannot say how the fire originated. James Fox deposed :—Remember 3rd April, the day after the Oakbank races. Rode past Mr. Anderson's place about 10 o'clock that morning. Saw stubble burning in Mr. Ander- son's paddock. About three acres were burnt when I passed. Saw Anderson and Stirling in the paddock keeping the fire from the fences. Didn't see anyone set fire to the stubble. Didn't speak to either of them as I passed. Returned same way home about 11 o'clock. The fire was then on top of the hill. By jury :—Heard nobody call for my assist- ance. The two men were not working at the fire when I saw them. Didn't think they wanted to put it out. Wind was not strong when I came down and was blowing towards the hill. Didn't see anyone smoking. It blew stronger when I went back. I believe they could have put the fire out if they in- tended, and if they had called me I would have helped. By police :—Fire was about 4 or 5 chains from the house when I first saw it. Mr. T. Anderson was quite near the fire and did not try to stop it. Stirling was near the road. Saw only two men in the paddock. Fire was about 8 or 9 yards off the road when I passed. Met no one on horseback. Did not see any one light the fire. Stirling told me Mr. Anderson lit stubble in the paddock that day. It was lit for the purpose of preventing the fire spreading to the high stubble on the other side. That is what Stirling told me. Don't know how fire started. Richard Sowden, examined :—Am employed at Mr. Anderson's. Remember the day after the Oakbank races, the 3rd inst. Was digging up vines that day. Saw a fire in Mr. Ander- son's paddock, which was going into Klein- schmidt's paddock, between 9 and 10 o'clock that morning. Only a little patch was burnt; when I first saw it. Only saw Mr. Anderson and Mr. Stirling at the fire first; then I came, also the servant- girl, Edith Strewbridge, Mr. Anderson and Mr. Stirling were trying to keep it back. Didn't speak to either when I went to the paddock. Saw Mr. Fox riding past about 10 o'clock that morning. By jury :—Helped to put it out. Saw the fire directly after Mr. Fox passed. Did not ask anyone to help to put it out. By police :—About 20 feet by 10 feet was burnt when I first saw fire. Mr. Anderson was then trying to put it out; so also was Mr. Stirling. Saw Mr. Fox pass after I first saw the fire , that was between 9 and 10 o'clock. Mr. Anderson lit the other fire, which went into Mr. Dube's paddoek. Don't know how this fire started. Came the day of the fire for beer to Mr. Wallace's ; that.was the day after the races at Oakbank. Mr. Anderson sent me in the morning and told me to make haste. This was after the fire started. Saw nobody , but Mr. Fox about the place that morning. Did not see anyone light, the fire. William Stirling :—Am son-in-law of Mr. Anderson's. Remember the 3rd April. Was at Mr. Anderson's farm that day. Was in the pigyard with Mr. Anderson when R. Sowden told us there was a fire in the paddock. He was fetching water at the time. When he gave the alarm of fire we both went up, and Mr. Anderson burnt around the creek to prevent it getting into the long stubble. He then called out to me to come and help him, and I went and put it out. Then it started at the road where I put it out before. I then went back to the fence to put it out again, and then it got into the long stubble and into Mr. Klein- schmidt's paddock and got away from us altogether. By jury:—It was about 9 o'clock in the morning when I first saw the fire. We could have put it out then if we went at once. Saw nobody about when it started. By Police—About 20ft. square was burnt when we first saw it. Mr. Anderson and I went to the pig yard about half-past eight that morning and remained there until the alarm of fire was given by the lad Snowden. He was fetching water and would not pass the place the fire started, which is about 200 yards from where we were working. There was no path leading past the place it started. Saw nobody go by that morning except the witness who passed after the fire started. Can't say how it started. Mr. Anderson did not fight it. Saw no one camping there the previous night. Did not hear nor see anyone shooting there that morning. It may have been from 10 to 15 minutes from the time the alarm was given till we went to the fire. Thomas Anderson deposed—Remember the day of the fire. Don't remember the date. Had some stubble burnt that day, about £5 damage. Saw the fire first about 10 o'clock in the morning. Was in the pig yard at the time with Stirling. Believe the fire started about three or four 'chains above the bridge on the road. Alarm was given by Sowden about 9 or 10 o'clock. I left immediately to put it out accompanied by Stirling. We tried our best to check it and save the long stubble on the hill. I burnt some stubble, along the creek to save the long stubble on the hill side. Have no idea how it started or who caused the fire. By Jury--Could not put it out even if I had not lit the stubble along the creek. By Police—Fire started' about 8 or 10 chains from my house on the south- western side. Wind blowing south-east that morning. Did not order anyone to light the fire. Did not do it myself. Didn't see anyone about and heard no shooting. Admit to having lit the other fire, but that was completely out before this started. Several other witnesses were examined by the police but their evidence did not throw additional light on the subject. The coroner having summed p at consider- able length, the jury, after deliberating for about 1½ hours, returned the following verdict:—" That the fire which originated in Mr. Anderson's paddock at Charleston on April 3rd last was set alight by some person or persons, but there is not sufficient evidence to show who did it, and further that Mr. Anderson has shown great wilful negligence in not trying to extinguish the fire whilst they had it under control, as the evidence shows. The Jury also wishes that the Coroner censure Richard Sowden for the very obstinate and unsatisfactory way in which he gave his evidence." Richard Sowden was accordingly censured by the coroner. 