Telegrams. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENTS. BATHURST. Nov. 1. At a meeting of citizens this afternoon, Mr. Alfred G. Thompson in tho chair, it was decided to present a testimonial to Mr. W. F. Jcnkinson on the eve of his de parture from Bathurst The testimonial will probably take the shape of a piece of plate, and be presented at a' social which is to be arranged for the occasion. Tho Philharmonic Society gave a concert last night, under the conductorship of Mr. Phillips. The audience turns lnro-n nnr\ avLtironidtivrA 'I'lin tirirvKdivinM\ Annoidtnd *\f orchestral overtures, part-songs, and solos, the soloists being Misses Carpenter and Farquhar, Messrs. G. H. M'Dougall and It. P. Kenna, each of whom wereenthu siastically received and encored. The part-songs was most harmoniously and effectively rendered. The concert is con sidered one of the most successful ever given here. Monday. At the Police Court this morning, Patrick Walsh was committed for trial at the next Quarter Sessions at Bathurst for causing grievous bodily harm to Johu Eviston by throwing a quantity of nitric acid on him, burning his faca and injuring his eyes. Tne weataer is stili very hot. There is n? sign of rain. Bush fires can be seen on the mountains. BOURKE, Nov. 2. Ranken and Bloxham report a sale of 40ft frontage to Mitchell -street, Bourke, at £25 per foot. Several trans actions and inquiries lately seem to indicate a probable re vival in business before long, but the continuance of the drought will effectually prevent much improvement. The municipal council propose to erect a temporary dam across the river two miles below Bourke. It is estimated that the water could be deepened by 2ft at a very small expense. The following sales of homestead leases were effected at the Bourke landa office on Thursday last:— 10,240 acres, Winbar .holding, upset price £42 13s. .4d., purchaser Win. ' Price ; 5760 acres, Gandabooka holding, upset price £4(5, purchaser F. W. E. Falkenhagen ; 10,240 acres, Laranoa holding, upset price £42 13s. 4d., purchaser Geo. Goldson. BINGEPA, Tuesday. The lands office was reopened here to-day, and given the greatest satisfaction. . , . ? ? . ? An engineer from the Mines Department has arrived to report on tho town well. Tho water in the river is stagnant and unfit for drinking purposes. The thermometer regis tered 100- in the shade yesterday. CAMPBELLTOWN, Nov. I. Eight hundred and thirty-six acres of land were selected at the local lands office to-day, four measured special areas and 960 acres conditional leases being applied for. COONaBARABRAN, Monday. Much dissatisfaction is expressed here at tho proposed alteration in the administration of justice. The' present plan has been in existence many years, and gives satis laction. COWRA, Tuesday... No rain has fallen yet. Water is 3s. per cask at Mount M'Donald, and one crushing-machine has had to stop work for want ot water. Bush fires are raging on Broula Range on the Western Falls. A selector's placo was burned, down yesterday. At 9 o'clock last night the fire had Durni ic witnin 4J yaras oi ingrey s ..urouia notei, and numbers of men were assisting tc put it out. A high wind was blowing, and the fire at that point was checked by chopping down fencing and clearing away burned trees. Ingrey's sheep were removed to a place of safety at Warrengong, a station at the southern extremity of Broula range. Great destruction of glass has taken place, and the fires are raging easterly towards the river. Last week several miles along the railway line at Myala were burnt, but no railway fencing or other Government property was damaged, owing to the exertions of the officials and other people in that locality. . The origin of the fire is not known. DUBBO, Nov. 1. A great number of omus ha-e been killed. The mag nificent prices for marsupial and emu skim make the cccu- . pation very remunerative, but it is becoming overcrowded. A great number of residents aro leaving for the Mel bourne Exhibition and Cup. The Land Oilice Inquiry Commission leave this afternoon for Orange, having completed their labours by working up to midnight each day of their stay, thus completing a long task in an incredibly 6hort tiuie. The Dubbo Volunteers are to be brought under the partial pay system. The weather is very hot, dry, and dusty. GUNDAGAI, Monday. The recent instructions to tho authorities here to send all prisoners in the local gaol who are sentenced to more than 14 days to Cootamundra have caused much surprise and adverse comment. Tuesday. Mr. John Givney, of Wagra, near Gundagai, who has been connected with pastoral pursuits in this and the Albury district for the past fifty years, died to-day, at the age of 76. GILGANDRA, Tuesday. A heavy thunderstorm took place last night on Warra bungle Mountains, which should have put out some of the bush fires. GOODOOGA, Tuesday. Thunderstorms have been threatening during the last few days with most intense heat. The gloss stood at 105* in the shade to-day. Thunderstorms took place above the township this evening, and about 20 points of rain fell. GUNNEDAH, Tuesday. xne glare ot bnsn nres to tne norm ana west was clearly perceptible last night Most of the wool clip has been despatched to Sydney and Newcastle. The proprietor of one of the local coal mines is erecting suitable machinery, and proposes working the mine in a systematic manner. ' The Namoi River is fast becoming a chain of stagnant waterhoies. The weather was intolerable* to-day ; hot winds and duststcrms, accompanied by excessive heat, prevailing. The glass stands at over 100- in the shade. There are numerous complaints from woolgrowers re specting the system of weighing wool at the railway. The department refuse to disclose their weights to consignors without payment, and they are frequently considerably over growers' and wool warehousemen's weights. INVERELL, Monday. A fatal accident occurred at Stony Creek, 18 miles from here, to a miner named William M'&enzie;, 60 years of age, while 'working in a shaft, on Friday- morning. A large , quantity of earth, estimated at about five tone, fell on him from a ncight of oft. When extricated it was found that five of bis right ribs were crushed in over the liver and kid neys. M'Kenzie died whilst being conveyed to the Inverell Hospital 'A large quantity of wool is passing through, en route to Sydney, via Graf ton. Ten tuns of colonial wine, from Andrew Murray's vineyard at Bannockburn, passed through to Newcastle for shipment to London. The thermometer to-day registered 90*. Tuesday. Successful meetings have been held during the last month throughout the district, for the purpose of forming a Farmers' Association, the initiation of which was undertaken by Mr. T. K. M'Loan. A final meeting was convened for Inverell, which took place on Saturday afternoon last, when Mr. W. Gilhome occupied the chair*. No satisfactory ar rangement, however, was arrived at, and the idea has been abandoned for the present. The thermometer was 93* in the shade to-day. KIAMA, Tuesday. Last evening there was a large assemblage in the Angli can schoolroom, Kiaina, to listen to addresses in connec tion with, the Orange commemoration. Most of the Protestant clergymen of the district were in attendance, ' and the addresses were suited to the occasion. Rain is still very much needed in this district. Some of the natural sources of water supply are being exhausted to an extent unknown for a quarter of a centuiy. LISMORE, Saturday. In the municipal case Barrie v. Simpson, for supplying the council with goods contrary to the Act, the Bench gave a verdict of £50 against the defendant. There are G2 cases for hearing at the District Court, and six at the Quarter Sessions, which commence on Tuesdav. LOUTH, Saturday*. A heavy storm of thunder and lightning passed over last night, but no rain fell. The country hereabouts is in a deplorable state. If no rain fulls this month the losses of stock will be alarming. The water in the river is getting very stagnant. MURRUMBURRAH, Nov. 1. Mr. James Rowc, in cliaige of 7000 .sheep, travelling to Melbourne, was brought before the court held here to-day by the trustees of the Murrumburrali town common, and was fined £5 and 4s. and lOd. costs, for not travelling beyond six miles inside of 24 consecutive hours. The fine was paid. MOUNT .M'DONALD, Saturdai. The weather still keeps very dry, making the farmers' prospects extremely gloomy. NEWCASTLE, Nov. 1. A man named Albert Ford met with a serious accident at Gulliver's brickyards, near Glebe Hill. Ford was working, getting clay, and was holing at the bottom of a quarry, when a large mass of clay cameaway and knocked him down, completely covering him. Assistance was close at hand, and he was soon extricated. . Dr. Clark was sent for, and upon examination it was found thut both Ford's legs were broken. He is now in the Newcastle hospital in a very precarious condition. Nov. 2 The cases in connection with the alleged union distur bances on the racecourse at the Eight-hour Demonstration came on again this morning. The case of Peter Anderson, a wharf labourer, against Hugh Gillctt, for threat ening language, was taken. . The Bench consisted of the Mayor, and Messrs. Bolton and J. Thorne. Messrs. Gorrick and iiaker appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Thompson, M.L.A., for the defendants. Hugh Gillctt was bound over to keep the peace for three months. The other cases were again postponed. Saturday. The result of the Exhibition of Women's Industries, Newcastle branch, shows a profit of £5 4s. 8d., which has been forwarded to Lady Carrington for the Distressed Women's Fund. Sunday. A thunderstorm burst over Newcastle this afternoon, followed by rain, which lasted half an hour. The storm was preceded by intense heat. In regard to the Newcastle Racecourse disturbances on the Eight-hour Demonstration Day, the cases were again adjourned till 18th instant, on account of some legal for malities not having been complied with. Monday. On Saturday afternoon the Minister for Lands mot the Commonage Committee in the Lambton Council-chambers. The interview was held with closed doors, the Press being excluded. A fatal accident occurred to a man named James M'Gin nis. While riding a horse at Cooranbong on Saturday afternoon he was thrown violently through the animal stumbling. He was conveyed to the Newcastle Hospital, and died this afternoon from concussion of the brain. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr.tr. C. Martin, Coroner, and a verdict of death from injuries accidently received was returned. Tho deceased leaves a widow and seven children. At the annual meeting of the Newcastle Rowing Club the report showed that the club had an overdraft of £217 5s. It was decided that the committee should have an official report drawn up, showing tho actual position of the club, to be submitted to a special general meeting of sub scribers with a view of placing the club on a substantial footing. NOWRA, Nov. 2. During a thunderstorm 14 points of rain fell this evening. Much distress exists among the stockowners for want of feed and water. A large and influential committee has been appointed to make arrangements for tho visit of Sir Henry Parkes to the Shoalhaven district. A large passenger traffic, via Kiarna, is being developed by the Illawarra railway. Two lines of daily coaches are now plying between here and Kiama. RYLSTONE, Nov. 1. The punctuality with which the mail trains are now arriving at this station is causing very favourable comment, as up to the last fortnight the irregularity of the trains was a matter of great inconvenience. They were as a rule behind time, sometimes as much as two hours. SILVERTON, Tuesday. The Silverton Cricket Club is at present holding the premier position in the Barrier Ranges. The Cricketing Association intend holding a grand holiday carnival on Friday, the 9th iustant. Turee contests will take place on the recreation reserve, the .principal being Silverton y. Zingari. The day will be wound up by a concert and dramatic performance in the Hamlyn Hall m the evening. The weather has been exceedingly changeable during;thc last few days, heavy gales and duststorms alternating, with intense heat. A slight thunderstorm worked up yesterday, and a few light showers fell,' but not enough 'to be of any service. The smoke of the fire at Broken Hill was distinctly visible here last evening. The town is very quiet, and business is duller than has been known for a long time past, owing to the depressed condition of mining matters generally. The total revenue received by Mr. R. Mooney, collector of Customs at Sil verton, for the month of October, was £1148 17s. 3d. The amount received through Mr. Williams, warden's clerk, was £122; through. Mr. J. Saunders, clerk of petty sessions, £&9Os.7d. ? i~ , -- URALLA, Nov. 1. At a well attended and thoroughly representative meeting held at the Temperance Hall here to-day, indignation was expressed at the omission of the local volunteer corps from the partially paid list. Mr. Leece presided. Resolutions were moved by Messrs. Woods, Carter, and Lonsdale, to the effect that the people of the town and district were sur prised to hear that the Uralla corps was omitted, and that in consideration of the general efficiency in drill and rifle shooting by 1 he' Uralla corpsj the Colonial Secretary be re quested to place it on the list of partial paid, and that the resolutions be forwarded to the local members. WARIALDA, Nov. 2. One thousand two hundred acres of laud were taken up here yesterday. The fact of Yeness and Wilkinson'6 tender Laving been again accepted for the conveyance of mails from Tamworth here gives great satisfaction. WILCANNIA, Nov. 2. The weather continues very close and sultry, and appears likely to bring up rain'. Half an inch of rain is reported to have fallen at 35-mile tank, and five points at Tarella. Mr. Shepherd, of M'Dougali's, has mysteriously dis appeared, and the police are searching for him, as lately his mind appeared to have been affected. Saturday. The amount collected at the Customs of Wilcannia during October was £534 18s. 4d. * Since the little rain which recently fell at Milparinka, a number of teams have passed through there from the adjoin ing stations bound for Silverton. Monday. Dr. Wilson, who has been for many years medical officer at the Wilcannia Hospital, left by the Broken Hill coach this morning. He has disposed of* his practice here, and is going home for a time. Tuesday. All signs of rain have passed off, and there is nothing to vary the hot days, which are becoming monotonous. All business is at a standstill. WALGETT, Monday. Mr. Daniel Taylor, manager of Keelendi station, died yesterday from the effects of over-exertion while putting out bushfires. Dns. Rauken, of Wal gett, and Do Lepervanche, of Narrabri, were in attend ance. The deceased was highly respected throughout the district for his sterling qualities. He was an excellent sheep judge and was well known in the Mudgee district. The weather continues dry. The Namoi is now a chain of waterholes, and the Barwon has also ceased running. The stock routes are becoming bare and waterless. WELLINGTON, Tuesday. An Orange commemoration came off last evening at the Protestant Hall, and was largely attended. An address was delivered bv Mr. Stephen, M.L.A. for Redfern, who, with Mr. A. J. S. Gilchrist, of Sydney, had been previously entertained at a picnic at the Caves, and afterwards at a banquet at which about 60 sat down. The continued hot and dry weather has dispelled every hope of a harvest. WINDSOR, Tuesday. A slaughterhouse, the Droperty of Mr. Thomas Prim rose, in the occupation of Mr. Sinfield, butcher, was burned down, together with its contents, consisting of tallow, -5cc, on Monday night. The tire is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary. Rain is threatening. The rainfall this year is 14in. below the average. YOUNG, Nov. 1. A special meeting of the Borough Council was held this morning to consider the tenders for the municipal loan of £12,000. Three tenders were received, and that of Nesbit and Barnes, agents for the Colonial Trust Company of London, was accepted at 4£ per cent. 