IMPORTANT NEWS FROM BUNGENDORE. TERRIBLE BUSH FIRE. BUNGENDORE, Friday. A VERY destructive fire broke out about tour miles from Bungendore, near Mr Richard Hyles' house, which had a narrow e'scape from being destroyed. The wind was blowing a gale all yesterday, and before assistance came the fire had spread too far, several miles of fencing having been burnt, and about half-a-mile of telegraph line destroyed between here and Molonglo. A poor farmer named James 'Nash had his house burned to the ground, also. the whole of his furniture and effects, a large quantity of wheat, and a stack of hay. His father, who lives some little distance from him, also had a stack of hay burnt. Several thousands of acres of grass have been burnt on the property of Messrs. Rutledge and Osborne. The fire broke out at about two p.m. yesterday. People from all around hastened with -assistance, and have suc ceeded pretty well in keeping it confined. The men have been working all night and are yet stationed in various parts for fear of another outbreak. The wind is yet blowing strongly, and it is feared all danger is not yet over. There is a rumor that Nash had about three hundred sheep burnt. Nothing definite is known yet as to how the fire originated. Several other fires have been raging about here. At Geary's Gap a destructive fire occurred, and was burning for three days. Yester doy a heavy fire occurred between here and Gundaroo, and Mr. D. Leahy had great difficulty in saving a large flock of his sheep from being surrounded with fire. A little girl, daughter of Mr. Richard Hyles, had a narrow escape yesterday. She was riding in towards Bungendore, accompanied by her brother, when the horse shied, throwing the little girl. Her foot slipped through the stirrup, and she was dragged around several times; but her little brother, with great presence of mind, secured the animal by the head, and just as his sister got released the horse kicked violently, but fortunately did no damage. We believe the little girl is very much bruised and thaken, but we are pleased to state that there is nothing of a serious nature, and she is expected to be soon all right. Great regret is expressed here at the death of Mr. George Sparrow, which occurred in Goulburn last night. We be lieve the body will arrive here by train to-morrow morning and will be buried the same evening in the cemetery at Bungen dore. The deceased was greatlyrespected, and regret is expressed at his death, as he was a fine young man. 