GERMANTON. (FBOU OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) On Monday last we were visited by a thunderstorm, accompanied by a heavy sbower of rain, which, however, was rather partial in its nature —in some places half an inch being registered, while only a short distance eff bat a few drops felL The effect has been to cool the air and reduce the liability of bush-fires for some time. A singular, phenomena occurred during the thunderstorm in one of the Kinross sheep paddocks, which may tend to explain the origin of some of the fires that so often start up apparently in a 'mysterious way. Mr. Robt. fio s was returning home in the evening, and saw smoke in the distance near the Billabong Creek, which he found emerged from a dead tree. On examining carefully it was seen that the tree had been struck by lightning in the top branches, some of which were scattered and strewn about, the electric fluid having descended the trunk to the ground, leaving a plain gash as an evidence of its presence.' Close to the ground the tree was on fire, and had it not been seen so promptly discovered it would no doubt have become the commencement of a large bush-fire, for only a few. drops of rain had fallen thereabouts, and the grass is abundant. Measles is still prevalent* and in consequence the Jabilee School had to be closed on Monday last for. a short period ; but the epidemic will no doubt very soon have run its course for s season. • The concert announced to. be held at the School of Arts on the 27th Match will probably be postponed for a few weeks, for satisfactory reasons. The comknittee will probably, however, at its next meeting reecive the report of the sub-committee, and decide whether such is advisable or not. The reading-room is now frequently visited by the members, and, as was anticipated, is a favorite rendezvout for those desiring both amusement and instruction. The library com mittee have purchased a good supply of books, and it behoves the residents of the district to be' come members of tbe institution, and exhibit in a practical way their appreciation of the efforts of those who have brought affairs to their present satisfactory condition. The ladies have not been backward in assisting the committee when they could be of service, and on many occasions they have rendered substantial and valuable aid in furthering the interests of the society. On it becoming known that the books had arrived and required to be covered, a number of ladies met at the reading-room ou Friday afternoon last, and in a short time 86 volumes were covered with linen, neatly sewn, which will enable the committee to issue them without further delay. The ladies whoso kiodly gave their services were Mrs. Rooke, Mrs. Jas. Forsyth, junr, Mrs. Maclean, Mrs. Walker, and Miss Digbt. Of course a few gentlemen were present also, and the inevitable tea being forthcoming, a very pleasant afternoon was spent, with profitable results to the School of Arts. There are still an e^ual number to be covered, end it is understood that other ladies have consented to complete them on another occasion. 