WEST TAMAR. A oricket club waa formed here «omewhat late in the season and a few matches played, viz., two against Beaconsfield, one égarait George Town, and one against the East Tamar Club ; the local eleven being victori- ous on the local ground, but getting beaten elsewhere. Considering that some of the playen have not handled the bat or ball for «even or eight yean, the play wu very praiseworthy, and with more practice the club ought to hold it« own against most country elevens. Since my last letter Mr. John Wing was found dead beside a fence, where he had been trying to stop a bush-fire. The funeral service wai read by the Rev. Mr. Hart, of St. Mathias', when the deceased was in- terred. Rain has again been greatly needed. Some of the settlers had come to the bottom of their tanks ; but, whilst writing, a steady downpour has commenced, which will revive the grass, soften the ground for ploughing, and fill up our tanks once more. I am pleased to note that a new industry <has been «tarted in this district, viz., a pickle manufactory, and the ready »ale of the article «peakB for itself. I would advise all those who have not yet toBted the plum sauce-the queen of sauces-to give it a trial, and I promise them they will not be disappointed. Some time last year I wrote inquiring at what rate are the T.S.N. Co.'8 «teamen allowed to travel on the river, if there is any restriction as on the Yarra ? The wash they cause at] high tide is gradually cutting the bank« away, and in some places endan- gering the road ; and, again, the «mall boats are often injured. I think from 6 to 10 miles an honr is quite fast enough. The blue parrot« have have been very plentiful this autumn, and several good bags have been obtained-120, 50, etc. Likewise, on account of the severe bush firea¿ kangaroo and wallaby have been driven into small oompass, and from 30 to 40 have often fallen to tour or five guns. One would hardly believe the quantity of codlin grubs there are to be found on some of the treeB in this district, especially those where the bark is at all scaly, and where limbs have been «awn off yean ago. The latter place« are regular trap«. Hundreds can be now killed, thus lessening the risk of a similar visitation to that we have had this season. I see the Geeveston Codlin Moth Board only levied a rate of 1». Gd. and Swansea 2s. Why did the Lannoeeton board levy the full amount,jviz., 4a.? I am ?ure a 2s, rate would have paid all expenses. May 8. - -_ 