IT is understood that new regulations have been framed, or are being framed, for the governance of proceedings in Parliament, and more especially with a view to enable the House to_ deal effectively with refrac- tory members. It is no doubt necessary that proper powers should be conferred upon Parliament to this end; but there would appear also to be some need, unfortunately, for creating a proper sense of the dignity that should environ the proceedings of a legislative body. At present there seems tc be a lamentable lack not only of the power, but of the desire, to preserve decorum. If any evidence on this point were required, it might be found in the report published elsewhere of a little scene that occurred in the Legislative Assembly on the 81st ult Mr. M'ELHONE on a previous evening had accused the Minister of Lands of "fleecing the Government." Called upon by the Chairman of Committees to withdraw the remark, he observed, " I'll withdraw it, but it is true." Being further pressed for an absolute withdrawal of the objectionable statement, he declined to comply with the demand, and left the Chamber. He was then named for contempt, and on the following day he appeared at the bar of the H6use to answer for his conduct. It was understood that he was prepared to tender a proper explanation and apology, but instead of doing so he made a statement which amounted in point of fact to a reiteration of his previous charge. He stud in effect that he was ttwre to apologise not of his own free will, but because he had been advised that refusal would entail legal proceedings the cost of which would be more than he could afforl to spend. The Speaker pointed int that the member for the Upper Hunter was going beyond the explanation and apology expected, and Mr. M'ELHONE then said that if not permitted to do the thing in his own way, he would walk out of the House and the Speaker could do as he liked. After further parley he again observed that his original statement was true; that the House had no power to arrest him outside; that an officer coming to his house for such a purpose would not have left it alive; and that he only tendered an apology because his remark had been unparliamentary. He then left the House. It need hardly be said that Mr. M'ELHONB'S " apology " was considerably worse than his original insult, yet in the face of this obvious fact a member was found to propose "that the member be now discharged from custody." Another member supportsd the motion, and referred to Mr. M'ELHONB'S repetition of the original insult as an " unreserved apologyand several other members appeared to consider that the matter at this stage might well be allowed to drop. Happily for the credit of the Assembly (which otherwise had surely merited even the contempt for it expressed by the member for the Upper Hunter) better counsels prevailed, and a majority of the House insisted upon and obtained a somewhat more unqualified expression of contrition from the offender. A perusal of the report, however, will show very plainly that there is too general a disposition to condone the grossest breaches of propriety, and so long as this feeling prevails, the introduction of even the most stringent regulations will do very little in the way of elevating the character of the proceedings in Parliament to the very lowest standard compatible with the dignity of a representative body in a British colony. IF Sir HENRY PARKES and his colleagues are not lost to all sense of propriety, they can scarcely fail to appreciate the force and justice of the rebuke conveyed in the Supreme Court judgment pronounced on Tuesday last in the case of the fifteen Chinese passengers by the Changsha. There is no uncertainty in the deliverance of the Chief Justice. There is no possibility of misconstruction of his words—"No sovereign, however tyrannically inclined, no Government, however unconstitutional in its acts, has ever before ventured to act in open opposition to and in disregard of the law, when that law was once pronounced by duly constituted authority." The Government of Sir HENRY PABKES has thus established a new precedent, and the possible result of such a course is thus referred to:— " We are of opinion that, in view of the exasperation which may be induced in the minds of those illegally imprisoned, it is incumbent upon us to point out to those who take upon themselves the responsibility of acting illegally' the great risk they ran, as by doing so they place valuable lives in jeopardy in order that this illegal mandate may be carried out. The law is clear, that a man illegally deprived of his liberty is justified in taking life in order to obtain that liberty. Killing under such circumstances is not even murder, but is justifiable homicide." Farther comment is needless. The PREMIER had previously been convicted at the bar of public opinion; his action is now publicly condemned by the highest judicial tribunal in the country; and nothing can be said or done more com pletely to demonstrate his utter unfitness to retain control of the destinies of the colony. IT is currently reported that the Ministerial Land Bill is to be abandoned, and we can only express the hope that the news is nol too good to be true. The authentic coa firmation of the rumour would be very welcome intelligence indeed to all persons interested in the cause of settlement, Had the time arrived for a complete and radical change in the land legislation of the aolony, Mr. GABBETT'S Bill wotild not have met the requirements of the case, bnt would rather have tended to increase the evils it affected to remove. But as a matter of fact the demand for wholesale and sweeping changes has not arisen. All that is needed is a short amending Bill to effect half-adozen minor alterations in the present law, which in its main features is still fairly well adapted to existing conditions, and at the worst is infinitely superior to the cumbrous, complicated, and ill-devised piece of legislation to which Mr. GABBETT stands godfather. ' To CONTRACTORS.—Tenders are invited for the erectirn of six gatekeepers' cottages on the railway line between Wodonga and Huon'slane. To HORSEOWNERS.—Owners of horses may be reminded that entries for the principal events at the Winter Bice Meeting close tomorrow. THE POST OFFICE CLOCK.—Owing to the breaking ot a wire on which was suspended one of the weights, the post office clock stopped at 2 p.m. on Monday. Mr. Slater, who has charge of the clock, at once set to work to repair the damage, and in a few hours succeeded in putting matters straight. PRESENTATION.—Mr. John Scarlett, president of the Towong Shire Council, on behalf of 90 residents of Bethanga, at a banquet held on Saturday night, presented a purse of sovereigns to Mr. Thomas Martin, manager and engineer of the Wallace-Bethanga Company. Mr. Martin is departing for England to-day in connection with the floatingof that company. THE VICTORIAN RATEPAYERS.—AB 10th June falls this year on a Sunday, all rates must be pud by to-morrow, the 9th inst, in order to ensure the inclusion of the ratepayer's name on the municipal roll. As neglect of this warning will result in the disfranchisement of the defaulter, all ratepayers will do well to profit by the hint. SUBSIDY FOB AGRICULTURAL SOCIETIES.— Promoters of agricultural societies will be glad to learn that the subsidy on the receipts for 1887 will be at the rate of £ for £. It was at first proposed to allow endowment at the rate named for 1888, but only 5s. in the £ for, last year. Under pressure, however, from country members, the Government conceded the more liberal payment. PROTECTION AT JONEE. — An important meeting in the interest of protection has been arranged to take place at Junee this evening. At the invitation of the local branch of the Protection League, Messrs. Qale, Melville, Fletcher, and Chanter, M's.L.A. t have notified their intention of proceeding to Junee and aiding the proceedings by their presence and advice. Possibly other members of Parliament will go also. ALBOBY CUSTOM HOUSE.—The total collections at the Albury Custom-house for the month of May amounted to £2551 18j. lid., made up as follows :—Spirits £1385 Is. wine (still) £78 10a., wine (sparkling) £8, bottled ale £53 7a. 3d., ale in wood £1 5s., tobacco £322 7s., cigars £54, tea £99 8». lid., prepared coffee 18s. 61., raw coffee £5 12s., sugar (raw) £224 9s. 9J.; rice £22 17s. 6d., dried fruit £20 16s., molasses 2a. 6d., specific £275 2s. 9 J. Total, £2551 18s. lid. BREACH OF MUNICIPAL BY-LAWS.—At the police court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with :—John Sherry, summoned by the Inspector of Nuisances for allowing certain cattle to stray, pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s., with 2a. 6d. costs. F. Larkins, on a similar charge, was fined 10s., with 2j. 6d. casts. Fines under like circumstances were imposed as follows :—J. Sherry 5s., P. Montague 40s., J. Lipsett 10s., W. B. Wilson 15s., A. Bell 10a., W. O'Brien 5a., D. Crowley 5s' H. Ringwood 5s., A. Ross 153.—with 2a. 6d. costs in each case. TRICKS OF TRADE.— 1 The American publication Hub contains the following :— 1 '! Mr. W. T. M'Collam, who has justtetarned from Australia, tells us that in shipping carriages to that country Americans should always send them in parts, and, if possible, by different steamers; for instance, the wheels, springs, shafts, and bodies separately. Then, instead of having to pay an import duty of about 100 dols. per vehicle, no matter what its value may be, the duty is reduced to one on materials varying from 5 to 10 per cent. Here is a point worth noticing." . TRUE ECONOMY.—Persons who study-true economy in buying drapery goods, should look for K. M'LENNAN and Co.'A weekly advertisements, as the» are Jtrictly reliable, and the quotations give* are fctainly the lowest in the m " ket - Ladieflare «refore advised to inspect . 1 t lnC ,I pl Xl nRV 5 r ! i.8 reDat . cardinal, tabac (pink, skft open), at the moderate price o^T llJfcjFyard, dsbally sold at Sb. Ladies can procure costumes of stripe tweeds, foule clotbB, Berges,, cashmeres, Melton and habit cloths, at reasonable rates, raneinir from a guinea to three guineas; and rich silk or merv costumes from five to 16 guineas — [Anvrj RIVEBINA CARRIERS' UNION.—On Monday a large meeting of carriers wag hdd at M'Gaw'a Hotel, Whitton. Mr. -A. Q. M'KSnney, the wcretary of the Riverina Carriers' Union at Hay, was present. It WM uuftmpwudy agreed that a requisition be Bent to the general committee oi the society at Hay, asking that a rule be entered to the effect that all carriers at Whitton should load in their turn as thev arrive in town, and that this motion be enforced at once ; also that should any agent or other person employ a non- unionist, no Union carrier will load or in any way have any transaction with him. The carriers seem very confident of success, and intend to hold out for nnioniBm until the last. THE YASB ELECTORATE.—A rather warm discussion is just now taking place in the Yass papers concerning the political merits of our old townsman Mr. T. Calls. The Courier espouses the causa of Mr. Colls, but the Sinalong Argus takes the opposite side, remarking :—" Air. Colls, no doubt, is an estimable old gentleman—a man for whom we entertain, in his private capacity, a large amount of genuine respect; and as host at Albury Villa none could, perhaps, dispense the good things with a more liberal hand and a more open heart than he. But as a politician he is a failure ; he has been false to the pledges made by him and on his behalf at the last general election, and in spite of his undoubted energy in the cause of roads and bridges for his electorate, the electors for Yass Plains will stultify themselves if they do not, on the next occasion, relegate him to the obscurity of private life." NEW STOCK SALE DAY IN MELBOURNE.— The live-stock agents in Melbourne, after discussing the question of the inability of the Bail way Department to supply sufficient trucks for the carriage of cattle, &c.;, have decided on holding a second market day. Tuesday has been chosen for this purpose, and cattle will be conveyed by the Railway Department to the market on the previous Fridays and Saturdays. Cattle Bales will be conducted as usual on Wednesday, and for this market the trucks will be run on the previous day. During the busy season the Department has been supplying a few cattle trucks on Fridays, but these, as a matter of necessity, have had to be returned on the Mondays for reloading on the following day. This entailed the running ot special trains, and the Department was in consequence put to considerable inconvenience. The cattle carried for the Tuesday's market will, it is expected, consist principally of consignments from Queensland and New South WaleB. SMALL DEBTS COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were disposed of : <—Ellen Enight v. Michael Roach, claim for £5 for attendance as nurse. Adjourned for a fortnight. Thomas Cooper v. Henry Matthews, claim for £10, value ot a horse. Mr. Wilkin son for plaintiff. Plaintiff deposed that he bad lent a horse to defendant in March last for a few hours; the horse had not since been returned. For the defence, Henry Matthews deposed that he had been asked by plaintiff to put the horse in a paddock ; the animal jumped the fence and got away ; witness bad frequently ridden the horse to and from his work in order to accommodate the plaintiff by placing the horse in a paddock to save stabling; 'the horse was now in the pound at Germanton; witness had offered a reward for the recovery of the animal, and was willing to release it from the pound if plaintiff would assist him. The police magistrate said he would give a verdict for the defendant, but would recommend him to return the animal, as in default of his so doing, plaintiff would have grounds for an action to recover from him the value of the horse. THE VICTORIAN DUTT ON LIVE STOCK — The Victorian Commissioner for Customs has recently been interviewed by representatives of the Benambra Stock and Pastures Protection Association on the subject of the increased duty on stock imported to the colony. At tbe last meeting of the board of directors ot the association at Tallangatta a resolution was adopted to the effect that the Commissioner be communicated with regarding the proposal of the Victoiian Farmers' Association to increase the stock duty, and be requested that before any alteration is made in that direction, the graziers of the colony, who are the body chiefly interested in the matter, should have an opportunity of expressing their opinions on the subject. It was pointed out that graziers have to rely on being supplied with store stock by New South Wales and Queensland, and that it would be ruinous to them were the proposal to increase the duty carried out. The Cjmmissioner has intimated that he will be glad to receive any information from the graziers of the colony on the subject. It is expected that a meeting of the association will be held to prepare the views of members to be laid before the Commissioner. SixvERiirNTNG AT JINGELLIC.—Our correspondent writes:—"Silver is still receiving toe greatest amount of attention. The original find (The Revealed) has been visited by exrts, and their opinion is that there have only Sen three surface shows found in New South Wales to equal it, and consequently a very high opinion is held of it. I hear that Butler and party have struck a very good reef iu their ,Hhatt, which is about five feet thick, dipping to the westward and thickening as it -deepens. I have seen splendid galena specimens from this reef, and what appears to be carbonates of lead. There is every prospect of this enterprising party being well rewarded for their energy. Carry and Holman are reported to have struck a fine lode on their lease, find turn out a quantity of stone containing galena, carbonates, and horn silver. There is every prospect ot this property becoming very valuable. Its situation is very advantageous for working; being on the top of a hill about 300 feet above the valley, it can be worked by a tunnel on the inclined plane principle—that is to say, the full truck pulls up the empty one. Gilford and party have struck a reef 5 feet thick adjoining Butler and Co.; it it be the same reet as that found by the last-named party it is a valuable one. There are several other claims being worked, and the owners are in all cases very sanguine as to prospects. There is to be a meeting of the Progress Committee in a few days; if I can get the result of their deliberation I will embody it in my next." FATAL ACCIDENT— Afatal accident occurred at the railway goods- shed on Friday last to a young man named William Masterman Edwards, a clerk in the employ of Messrs. Permewan, Wright, and Co., carriers' agents. Edwards, it appears, was assisting to unload from the trucks quantity of machinery, and whilst handling a large casting that weighed upwards of lcwt., the mass slipped and came down upon him, smashing his skull in a terrible manner. The injuries sustained were so serious that death ensued soon afterwards. A magisterial inquiry was held on the same day by Mr. Dulhunty, when the following evidence was taken :—William Tully deposed that some machinery arrived at the station, and that he, with deceased and others, went to unload it ; after removing part of the load with the aid of a crane, they proceeded to remove some other portions by hand, witness being on the truck and deceased on the platform ; whilst deceased was in the act of removing a large piece his foot slipped, he fell, and the iron fell upon him; witness removed the iron from Edwards, and carried him into the office ; Dr. Woods was sent for, and ordered his immediate removal to the hospital; he never regained consciousness ; the piece of iron was about Jcwt. George Plunkett, driver of the loiry that was being loaded at the time of the accident, gave evidence corroborating that ol the previous witness. Dr. Woods deposed to having ordered deceased's removal to the hospital, where on closer examination he found he was in a state of collapse; the breathing was heavy, pupils contracted, and the patient quite insensible to any stimulus the head and face were cut in several places two of the larger blood-vessels were divided ; the tissues on the right side of the head were puffed and discolored, indicative of severe bruising, and blood was issuing from the nose and left ear; witness tied the vessels and dressed the wounds, but entertained no hope of recovery from the first; the cause of death was fracture of the inner table of the skull, and consequent laceration of the base of the brain. Walter Smith, superintendent of the -hospital, deposed to the admission, treatment, and death of the deceased. The magistrate found that the death was caused accidentally. DOMESTIC DIFFERENCES.—At the police court on Saturday, Thomas Doland was summoned by his wife, Elizabeth Doland, to find sureties of the peace. Plaintiff deposed that on the previous Thursday defendant came home after Bhe was in bed, commenced to abuse her, and endeavored to kick and Btrike her ; he took up a candle and said he would burn her ; witness ran to a neighbor for protection. Plaintiff furthor stated, in reply to Mr. Thorold, who appeared for the defence, that she had been married 22 years, had had seven children, and that defendant had always supportedher; defendantwasaRoman Catholic, witness was a Presbyterian, and defendant strongly objected to his daughters attending the Salvation Army meetings ; witness was in bodily fear of her husband, who had illtreated her for many years, and on one occasion drove her out of the house, when she had to support herself and children for five montho, the husband drinking all the time ; when sober he was a good husband, but alter one or two glasses became violent. William Doland, eon of last witness, deposed that defendant came home on Thursday night and kicked at his mother three times, after first going into cnotber room to look for witness's sister ; one of witness's sisters ran into the room and took defendant by the arm, and he then said he would put a knife through her heart; plaintiff then got np and ran off into tne paddock; defendant wentintothe kitchen andeaid he would hang for plaintiff; he remained singing out and swearing in the kitchen for half-an-hour, then went to bed; plaintiff went to a neighbour's house, and spent most of tbe night there ; on the previous winter defendant hunted plaintiff and her daughter out of the house, and he had also on previous occasions bunted witness out; witness did not know why plaintiff was illtreated; he had heard defendant tell the girls not to go to the Salvation Army, but they persisted in going. This was the case for plaintiff. For the defence the defendant stated he had always provided for his family ; since the Salvation Army came to town plaintiff had been in the habit of attending tbe meetings, getting up at daylight on Sundays and leaving him with the little children to cook his breakfast; nearly every night the girls attended themeetinge, coming home at 11 or 12 o'clock ; plaintiff had all the money obtained from witness's land, and until recently she had all the money witness earned; some time since witness had had to sleep in the kitchen and cook for himself, as plaintiff would do nothing for him. The Bench directed that defendant be bound over in his own recognisances in the sum of £30 to keep the peace for Bix months. THE PREVENTION OF BusH-FiaES.—Last April the Minister for Mines received a communication with reference to the prevention of bush-fires from Mr. P. R. Brett, inspector of stock at Urana. Mr. Brett reported that the following plans for the prevention of bash-fires 1 had been successfully carried out by Mr. M'Farland, of Barooga, and Mr. M'Caughey, oi Coree. On Barooga, Mr. M'Farland had made Gre breaks through the run by charring and grubbing all timber chain wide. On each side of this the land is ploughed for 20ft. and kept broken from year to year so that the grass will not grow on it. The space between the ploughed land is thus burnt off. This plan is found to answer very well, as any ordinary fire can be stopped at these breaks. On Coree Mr. M'Caughey fenced off lanes half-a-mile wide through the ran. He made the lanes into small paddocks by erecting cross-fences and making tanks. These lanes are kept well eaten down, and answer the purpose of keeping weaners in while the grass seeds are bad, aB well as a break which no fire can cross. The publication of these plane caused some favourable comments from the Stock Department, to which Mr. M'Farland now writeB as follows :—" Might I point out to you that Mr. M'Caughey's plan, though a very useful one, is not applicable to small holdings, from which most danger of fire arises, both through burning off stubble and carelessness. How are owners of, say, from 320 or less up to 2,000 acres to make half-mile breaks? Many of them do not even keep sbeep to feed them off with. I see a writer in a Sydney journal states that our plan is more expensive than Mr. M'Caughey's. This is a mistake; for, granted you have a line of fence already erected, it will take .£35 per mile to make the parallelone, not to mention the cost of tanks, so that Mr. M'Caughey's plan must cost over £35 per mile. Our system will do for any sized holding, big or little, as it only requires 12 acres per mile, and in point of cost is far cheaper. Grubbing and clearing (in dead timber), 15s. per acre ; ploughing, 4 acres per mile, that is 16ft. 6in. each side, at 10a. per acre, burning off the grass between the ploughed strips, £2 per mile, making a total cost in timbered land of .£13 per mile, and on plains, say, £5, as against £35 on Mr. M'Caughey's. We do not overlook the fact that ours is an annual charge but against that, you have the interest on the extra amount expended in fencing, tanks, and repairs. We have, however, adopted both plans, cutting our property in four by M'Caughey's to back up our own system." PASTURES AND STOCK BOARD.—A meeting of directors under the Pastures and Stock Pro tection Act was held on Wednesday. Mr. Grieve occupied the chair, the other members present being Messrs. Douglas, Giles, M'Kellar, Kernan, C. Morton. After confirmation of minutts the bank pass-book was submitted, showing a credit balance of £356 7s 5d. £22 3s. 9d. had been received since last meeting, and .£20 paid from petty cash account. The payments were confirmed. A letter from Mr. Kiddle, held over from last meeting, re discovery of rabbits on Corowa boundary, was then considered. A report was also read from the inspector to the effect that rabbits had been killed near the cemetery. The chairman thought the only feasible plan would be that of the Government constructing a rabbit-proof fence on being guaranteed interest on the outlay, provided, of course, that owners were willing to guarantee. The fact of the rabbits being fouud in the district should be reported to the Government. Mr. Kiddle said the rabbits were increasing rapidly, Lowden, the Government rabbiter, having told him he had killed 20 more, and found traces of rabbits coming from adjacent districts. Experience went to show that they travelled to the west, and it wan only a question of time for the whole district to be infested. It was impossible, of course, for the boards to adopt any practical measures of repression ; they could only ask the Department if money would be available for fencing the boundary. It had been understood thst Government would fence the railway line, but there was no appearance of the work being done. He thought it would be better to fence the boundary of the sheep district, but provision would have to be made to pay the interest of the cost. For his own part he was quite prepared to pay his share. Mr. Douglas approved of the idea of fencing the district, but it would be better to find out if possible whether the Government intended to fence the railway line. He also pointed out the necessity of obtaining the co-operation of adjoining boards, as it was not likely that the Albury district would receive exceptional treatment. He would suggest that the boards in adjacent districts be communicated with. Mr. Giles quite agreed with Mr. Douglas as to the necessity of first getting the railway line fenced. It was ultimately decided to write to the Government to ascertain when the railway line would be fenced, and whether, under the legislation now pending, money would be available to fence in the sheep district upon the landowners guaranteeing interest on the cost of construction. Mr. Morton thought it would be unfair to aek the small holders to help to fence the large holdings, as the email holders were not at all afraid of the rabbits. The ground was too hard for the rabbits to burrow, and the small holders could easily clear their own land. The chairman pointed out that the small holders had not yet been asked to contribute. Correspondence was then read with regard to the proposal to establish a laboratory for the cultivation of microbes to inoculate cattle for their protection from the Cumberland disease. In a letter from the Government the terms submitted by M. Pasteur were detailed, and the board decided to recommend the acceptance of M. Pasteur's proposal. The Board decided that the cost of cultivating the virus should be borne by the general revenue, and the royalty charged by M. Pasteur be paid by the ftwnew, 