Disastrous Fires in Sweden. The 26th of June this year was, for Sweden, a day of terror and sorrow. During a severe gale one of its most; prosperous northern Towns, Sundsvall, caught fire, and in a few hours the whole place with adjoining sawmills and immense timber yards became one flaming mass, and the most heroic efforts of combatting the destroying element made futile. The terrified inhabitants had to flee for their lives, unable to save anything but the clothing they stood in, several of them even becoming victms of the flames. As soon as the news reached Stockholm, every effort was made by its generous population to alleviate the heartrending distress among the many thousands of people who so suddenly bad been deprived not only ot every shelter but of all the necessities of life. But the relief committee in Stockholm had very soon to divide its labors, two new messages bringing words of fresh disasters. While the flames were still raging furiously in Sundsvall, the towns of Umea in the north and Lilla Edet in the central part of the country were attacked by the same foe. Everywhere the flames spread with terrific speed, driven on by a furious storm, and putting the saving of anything but life out of the question. The whole country was for a moment paralysed with terror. Still the chain of calamities had not yet come to an end. During the same northerly gale large forest fires broke ont in the vicinity of Sundsvall and Umea, pro- bably lighted by flying brands from the burning cities, devastating thousands of acres of forest land, the principal source of the Baltic timber trade, which has so long been a strong commercial tie between this distant land and Australia. Only with the greatest difficulty the inhabi- tants managed to escape out of the burning forests, and hundreds of homesteads were soon reduced to ashes. Everyone who has witnessed a large bushfire in Australia, before which all have to flee, can imagine the destruc- tion, misery, and distress of the unfortunate people. More than fourteen thousand persons have, by these fires, been rendered homeless and destitute. To tender a speedy and urgently needed help relief committees were immediately formed, not only all over Sweden, but also in the two neighboring countries, Denmark and Norway, as well as everywhere in foreign lands where Scandinavians are living. Even Australia, with her not inconsiderable Sandinavian population, is giving her share to mitigate the distress. In Sydney and Melbourne committees have been formed under the auspices of the respective Swedish-Norwegian consuls, and in the latter place several hundred pounds have already been collected for this charitable purpose. The committee in Sydney, the chair- man of which is Mr. Gustav Larsen, of the Sydney Arcade, and the hon. secretary, Mr. J. A. Obery, of the Survey Office, have issued an invitation to the public of New South Wales, Scandinavian or otherwise, to assist in alleviating the sufferings of a population who, poor under ordinary circumstances, now are deprived of their homes and every means of existence; their situation being the more precarious, as the severe winter of such a northerly clime is fast approaching. ^f .: O*gan /Eecita-i..— ^A very large congregation K ^assembled inithe Bourke- street Coogregational ^SCbirciilast evening for the purpose of iisvening ^libjan -organ recital given by; Mr. Montagu gpfCbuhger, arid sundry vooal selections contributed ||g;l-yt.he choir of the church, assisted by friends. ?ri Mr. lounger's best effort was in Morgan's march ^fKChristian, , the , TUgiim' Whilst , - in ? two ft; ^choruses from Mendelsohn's ' Festgesang,' the l^rocaiistSi and a capital, though small orchestra, ^ Seated a very satisfactory effect. The Bev. J. |y^|Bu£'M.;A., presided. Mr. G, A. Flower, accom ^'jpgmi^bf3ixS W. J. B.'Mote, ofBciated as eon-' fe!dut5tp,r.' At the conclusion of the '.proceedings, |:|Muion;the motion of Mr. Mote, a heart f. vote of ^thahke'was awarded to rthose responsible for. so S^^Sa^hi jind tnnaical an evening. . i ig.^ /iThs^aaOx is announced pf. the Bsr. Hanry Brietow I ^ ? IVilBbn, B^)., cneot the famoue authors ot ' Essaye '?^dBaji'Beri^s,*' which oreatdS ao great a eenfiation in I a?^Englanainl86l,/ . ' 