, 1/Agricudturi.-?otes.l : (rIox OUR ~xLoBUR?' CORRa PONDLPNT.) Wednesday. Seriods, reports with regard to the effect of the'drought continue to come to band, A few days ago a little rain fell but it was only sufficient to lay the dust and slay the bush'fires. All signs of it have passed away and the drought is in creasing in severity every day. Bar vestingoperations arein full swingthrough out the colony, but' there is not an instance in which the yields are said to be good. In the Bridgewater (Loddon)' :district the average of ihe wheat crops will not, exceed seven or eight bushels per asore,, while hay averages from five cwt. to ten cwt. per acre. From. Macarthur comes reports of barley seven inches high coming out in ear. Gloomy reports comes from the district around Geelong" Wheaten hay crops are expected to aver age about two tons to the acre while the oaten hay isanot worth cutting. In the north- eastern districts the yields are very small, and the scarcity of water isibeing severely felt. The prospects in - the western districts are also described as serious and.miserable yields are the order of the day. The continued drought is having a serious effect upon the pastures and the Rlailwag Department recognising the gravity b the situation are moving stock at a reduction of -0 per cent and will probably make further concessions shortly. In New South Wales, the countrs is in a dreadful sta.teall vegets tion- having been 'dried up by'the heat. The Railway Department are trucking stock at halt rates.. Heavy, rains have fallen in Queeensland but they hare' not been general and the drought is severely felt. The weather in Tasmania is. un-. changed, The crops there have suffered so much that an average yield is out 'of the question. Things are no better in South Australia. A French correspondent to a British agricultural journal says that MI. Prille has discovered an Infallable remedy for the potato disease. The disease must be taken in hand as soon as the first black spot has been perceived on the leaves and soused with a mixture of thirteen pounis of sulphate of copper, and the same quantity of chalk in twenty two gallons of water., An experiment made saved tke diseased, plants thus treated, while 33 per cent. of those which were. left to themselves were useless. Contrary to expectations there has not I been any rise in the price of sheep. : This is probably due to the fact that ' the I market is over stocked. This week I 39,000 were yarded. There was a fair demand for prime which were scarce. Prime crossbred wethers from 1ils to 18s, I according to weight and quality; prima merino wethers from Ss Gd to 10s; a few extra prime and heavy from 10s Gd to lels; good merino wethers from 7s to I Ss ; middling and inferior from 5s. Nine thousand five hundred fat lambs were i penned, best sorts were in demand and prices in this description showed a slight improvement in prices. Prime realised at from Sa to 5n Gd, a few extra from I's to lies; good from Gs Gd to Ts 6d; I middling and inferior from'3s Gd., The new wheat 'crop has `slightly affected the. market, and 'prices are receding. A few milling samples sold to-day at from -4s Gd to 4s 7id. Flour is also quieter.. stone mide lots have changed hands from £11 'up'wards, 'while roller made realises from £12 10s to £13. Maize is quoted at -4s 5d. -. A special report made to the IFrench Minister asserts that sugar is an exrellent agent for preserving meat, and possesses some advantages over salt, salt absorbing. a'portion of the nutritious substances and flavour of the meat.' When an 'analysis is made of a solution of the salt dissolved by the water contained in meat, we find albuminoid bodies.'extrictive 'substances potassa, and phosphoric acid. salt deprives meat of substance,' entering the tissues more deeply it-acts-for a longers time. Powdered sugar oen'the contrary. being less soluble, produces lesi liquid. It forms around the meat a solid crust,' which removes very little water from it and does not alter its taste.' Thns pre served, it suffices to immerse the meat in water before using-it. Although this treatment cos?s'alittle nitor than preser ration by salt, account, must be taken of the final result, and ,the loss prevented, which off sets the ~difference in 'cost between the two preservative agents.: : The Mildura irrigation colony was visited last week by M3r. Speight, the Chairman of the Railway Commissioners, Mr. Langtree, the Secretary for Mines, and Mr.-Levien; M.L.A., who'expressed themselves in satisfactory terms of.the' progress -made by t"d . essrs Chaff'' Bros. They found about one thousand settlers onthe land.. The vines and trees which have bezn planted are in a' very forward condition. The pumping plant. will bein& working order by Febsuary next. Among .the recent decrees made in France is one relating to the. inspection of butter for the sepression of frandalent dealings. By this special persons are authorised,to.take,samples of , butter in any place whether thi'bitter s'eririosed for sale, stored iawarshoqse, or in tran sit by land or watei. - Nothing is to be thrown istthe way ot tihs,Cand aill bills, receipts, bills of lading or declarations, must be, sho6n (f'b' demad- "?'XchI sminple takei is to dl eibejecttto aspcal examination. Pure batter, mixed butter, margarine, olieoniar~drine rand grease intendod forE?a1cnsupspFion, forwarded iti tiansitmustmet:cb'ntsoai nd 'in Cloed 'ij.ckl ages, and the origin'and the nature of the merchandise muopt,b conspicuonasly speci ifed thereoni. In every nway the article to be exported mnst haveb its full history recordedf3)0T 8f lir' 'r'Pi'Of I 