INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Sti)NET, Wednesday. The unemployed, to the number of 150 met this afternoon at the Queen's statue, and after several speakers had represented the hardships which a large number of the jworking men are suffering, owing to tne scarcity of work, a re< solution was passed to the effect that the Grvernment should provide work of a reproductive character, and give fair wages for a day's work. Steps are being taken by the officers superintending the charitable institutions to weed out the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum who are considered able to work for their living, Already 13 persons have been discharged at one of the Parramatta asylums, and Bcores of expulsions from the other asylums are expected to take place during the next few weeks. The Chief Inspector of Stock has issued a circular to the stock inspectors, asking them to call a meeting of sheepownen in their districts ts consider the necessity of being on the Watch for worms in sheep. He recommends that as a remedy an arsenic drench should be used. CUILTEBN, Wednesday. A Melbourne Byndicate have taken np the ground to the north-east of Mount Pilot. It 1b highly stanniferous, and was worked some years ago, until the low price' of tin caused it to be abandoned. STONE*, Thursday. The Premier favours the proposal of a vote of £20,000 to £30,000 as aids on a £ for £ principle to the establishment of butter factories in the inland districts, in furtherance of the decentralisation policy. Messrs. Nobbs and Wattkin, have been nominated for Central Cumberland. Mr. Scott, locomotive engineer, has tendered his resignation. A man named Cross has been arrested on a charge of running a "Consultation" sweep under the name of F. J. Miller. ADELAIDE, Thustday. A sqnatter named Peterson has been gored to death by a bollock at Allen Downs, the animal plunging its horns into the man's stomach. ' To CORRESPONDENTS. —"'' Tatiksmker."- Youriank.contains 1284 yards, p rr." YBEONQ CREEK : "A'ACES.—Enlriea' for the principal.events at thismeeting moat be in by Thureuayi 15th; inst. : . ,. - NEW ALDERMAN.—Mr. J. C. Chenery has been appointed to fill the vacant seat in {.lie Albury Borough Council. ALBURY CUSTOM-HOUSE.—The collections at the Albury Custom-house for the month of February amounted to £2163 Is. lid. PUBLIC HOLIDAYS,—Saturday, 17th inst., has been proclaimed a public holiday at Wan garatta aud Wodonga. Friday, the 16th inst., has been proclaimed a public holiday at Albury and Howlong. TENDERS ACCEPTED.—The following tenders have been accepted :—H. Q. Ptosser, repairs police buildings, Urana ; J. N. Wolfe, contract 28 87, road Carabost to Kylmba, £206 5s.; Wm. C egg, contract 29 87, road Tumbaruinba to Adelong, £264 8?. GOLD IN A GOOSE'S GIZZARD.—A curious proof of the auriferous character of much of the ground in the Upper Murray district was afforded a few.days since in the neighborhood of Towong. Mrs. Bowman, whilst cleaning a goose's gizzird, found six distinct specks of gold. BRIDGING THE UPPER MURRAY.—LA the Assembly on the 1st inst., Mr. Lyne moved— "That there be laid updn the table of this House copies of all paperp, petitions, correspondence, &c.;, in reference to the erection of a Bridge over the Upper Murray." The motion was agreed to. TAILORING DEPARTMENT.—K. M'LEN^AN and Co. beg to jptifv their gentlemen patrons of the arrival of tl nmugKiBri's patterns of tweeds •and coatings ffc^uram and winter. We are prepared • to cxicute orders for any style of clothing desired^ including waterproof garments, and guarantee fit, finish, good workmanship, and moderate charges.—{ADVT ] CASE OF DROWNING AT WAGGA WAGGA.— On Saturday, a child named Thomas Stone, aged about 18 months, a son of William Fry Stone, of Best-street, Newtown, wandered from a little girl who had charge of the child, and was found dead in a well in Gain's yard. A magisterial inquiry was held, and a verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. SCHOOL CHANGES.—Mr. Beavis, assistant teacher at the Albury Public School, has during the paet week been transferred to B^lmain. During .his. long stay in Albury Mr. Beavis has maaemany friends, and he will be especially missed as an active and energetic member of the cricket club and volunteer corps. -He' Will . be . succeeded at Albuty by Mr. Molony. BREACH, OF RAILWAY BYE-LAW.—A young man named Cranford was charged at the police court on Wednesday with travelling on the railway without a ticket. Mr. Grffin, acting Btatipnma^ter,. proved that defendant. had arrived'at Al bury without a ticket. ' ^Defendant stated that he had.lost bis ticket. The Bench imposed a'fine,of £5, with the alternative of a .week's imprisonment. ALBURY LICENSING BENCH.—The undermentioned gentlemen haye been appointed members of the Albury Licensing Bench Messrs. Kenneth M'Lennan, J .P., and James Holbrook Wood, J.P., to be the appointed members of the Licensing Court for the licensing (district ;of Albury ; find^Mr. Thomas Alexander Browne, Police Magistrate, to be the licensing magistrate and official - member of the said court. . THE EXPORTATION OF GRAPES —In the Legislative Assembly on 1st inst., Mr. Simpson, in reply to Mr. Cox, relative to the inability of the grapegrowers of New South Wales to export their produce to the neighboring colonies, said the Government could not in.any way control other Governments in any matter of fiscal regulations which they; considered advisable ; bu£ the Gfovernment would represent the case to thpse Governments as one of hardship. SELECTORS' PAYMENTS.—Selectors and others 'Who may be paying idtefest -or instalment of "purchase money on conditional purchases at the Crown Lauds Office during the current March quarter are requested to bring with ' them the last receipt they have from the land agent, with the address written across in full.! As Good Friday falls thisv#»r..<m 39th March,; that day And Saturday theSlst will be Goverli-: ment holidays,BO that parties paying mtist do 1 ;so before the-29th instant. ' " PiERCY v. BAKEB.—An action Tor islander, . in which Dr. Piercy of Wsgga aought to recover • fjroin :.MT. G. J. Baker, manager of. the .Wagga branch of the Union Bank of Australia, .the aumotj63000 damages for .certain words used in reference to the.disposal of a purse found upon tha person of a patient who died tinder chloroform in' the : Wagga hospital, was heard at Darlinghuret on THuraday and Friday before lis Honor Sir George lories koA jJaf^ pf tonrj and ! resulted in ft. yeirtjlliit for^j^lkendaint. ' '• r \' ' ''. ; '' ".'' THE DISORDERLY HOUSE CAS&.—At the police cotlrt.-on.Friday, A. Cowan and Delia :Cowan^ defendants remanded'on a bharge of keeping s disorderly -bouse in the northern' pirt ofthe town, did not answer to. theirnanfow "when called upon. Sergeaht Brown applied for a warrant for their arrest, aad the Bench ' granted the application^ The quits coiirse was r taken with regard '.to several young wofnenj occupantsofthe same establishment, summoned .for having no lawluji visible means of support. u understood .that the defendantshave left the colony. ' t. : ' . THE LANDS DEPARTMENT.—We are in xeceipt of the seventh qnnaal report of the Department ofLands, for the year ending 1886, It' .contains 91 pages of printed matter, and with it are two maps, one of Sydney and the other of Ne* South Wales. The report shows that the .;! «xperiditure in 1886 for the services of the year was £133,136 4v 84., as against £146,805 Is. lid. for the year 1886, The total despatch of letters and documents from the office during the "year waB 89,891, and the letters and documents received in the Dspaitment during the year were 110,071. CHARGE OF BIGAHY.—A grocer in the employment of. Messrs. S. Richards and Co., named William Ernest Sheriff, was brought up at the Narandera Police Court charged with bigamy. Mr. Willans appeared for the defence. For the prosecution the senior-sergeant proved arrest, and produced a copy of marriage certificate to the effect that accused was married at -Ben Lomond, near Glen Innes, in August, 1883. The Rev. S. Lowdell proved marriage of accused to Emma Rosina James on 17th September, 1887, at Narandera. Accused was remanded lor seven days, bail being allowed. SALE OF BOOTHS.—The sale of booths and other privileges in connection with the ensuing races took place at the Globs Hotel on Saturday last, and was conducted by Mr. C. Ten Brink. The bidding was spirited and excellent prices were obtained. The following is a list of the results:—No. 1 (grandstand) booth, G. Walker, £69 ; No. 2 booth, T. Fitzgerald, £34; No. 3 booth, T. Fitzgerald, £38 ; No. 1 stall, Mrs. Mitchell, £4 5a.; No. 2 stall, J. Connors, £2 10a.; No. 3 stall, not sold ; No. 4 stall, not sold ; grandstand gates, G. Walker, £104; outside gates, J. Lipsett, £72; race cards, Affleck and Co., £1115 . PROSPECTIVE SELECTION.—In the course of a recent speech in the Legislative Assembly reviewing the history of land legislation in the colony, Mr. Chanter referred to a case in which a.conditional purchase had been taken up for an. unborn child. The man who was desirous of obtaining this particular selection was a married man, and he expected an addition to bis family. He thought that the child would be a boy, and he took up a selection for him in the name of " Francis." Events proved that, he was wrong as to the sex of the child, and he at once went back to the lands office and said that he had made a mistake, and altered the.name.to "Frances," and the whole thing was put right. SNAKES.—Our Togammain correspondent writes c—". A young lad, R; Curran, killed a deaUr-adder which he came across basking in the sun while he was taking home the cows two -days ago. . It is the first that has been seen in this locality, but several have been destroyed about the sandhills on Kerarbury. A traveller came near, having one pf these repulsive and deadly reptiles as a bedfellow recently. He was in the act of spreading his blankets on the dry sand, when his eye caught one, sleepy and lethargicrlooking, within, a step of the spot where he^neaut to repose for the night. ' It was quickly despatched. He didn't sleep there, but reckoned-it was safer and wiser to look out another place away from the sandbank." • PRESBYTERIAN.^As tnenUoned .in our issue of: last week, .n congregational meeting of the Presbyterian Church, Wodonga, appointed a committee to take steps for the ejection of a church building. This committee (which includes Mr. Robt. Morrison,of Rats' CaStle, whose name was inadvertently omitted in 'our last issue) met subsequent!^, and a fraction of within £40 was subscribed in the room, which goes far to prove the ardent manner iu which the matter is being taken' up, and -the strong probability of. the .Presbyterian body of Wodonga.find -district; having a substantial church building .shortly to represent their : demonstration* Ao i organ haB been obtained, and Mies Smith, of Wodonga} haB accepted the appointment of church organist. To SELECTORS F—A, case of .interest to selectors occupied the Dubbo. land board all one day last. week. The facts are :—J. Patterson atifl J. Oriel lodged ait application on the same day for the ^ame land. In the ballot Oriel was successful. Patterson' then lodged" a cayeat .against the .granting to Oriel of the Jand, on_ the .grounds (i) that he (Patterson) lodged his .application some 10 ininntes before Oriel, .and - was therefore entitled to the land •without 1 ballot ; (2) that the land agent improperly ballotted. - After • hearing a great deaV'kjf evidence; on both tsidfeB,-thp board deddied that botii; applications Wer6 lodged at the same ^ime, lint Tiplield the caveat on an' irregularity ip the application ofOriel. The board ehtirely ; exonerated the land agent fppm all blame. . ' BUSHFIRE.—OurToganmain correspondent reports:—" A fire took place last week, resulting in the total destruction of Mr. Coutts's T^cUtea-^d-^ts^oa^^ithAiimgasds ^nd implements therein, consisting of a brand-' «ew WAggonptte, three sets , of harness (o^e aingle^and one double set),'a set of dray 'h^rliess, vhei^t, A^ur, jpo'titoes, kerosene, ^ some batrels bf' fat/ teai 'BUffar,' Soap, and other domestic requisites, not a vettige ot w£i«lt did the <devouring element leave. - Nothing was insured, £pd • much eyinpathy is telt fof the Counts, femUy,.who are greatly respected in the district, it is. apt known J^ow, ttie. ftre originated. It is supposed that a moufee' gbt hold of a' stray vesta,'! and nibbling at it, ignited the match -with its tiny teeth. And if so, we have -another illnstratioh of < the aphorismf -" Behold how greM a matter a small ' fire kindleth!'" . : ^ . . SUDDEN DEATH AT GRANYA.—A magisterial iriqtury was held-by Mr. John Scarlett,. J.P. .-.i- • ; • I,,"/ .• j i - • '.r-jfi vj . ' ••! .tm-^Friday" last, at Graii^tjnlhe^bains o! William Harper. The evidence adduced went to show that the cause of death was apoplexy, aud that the deceased had been previously under treatment from au attack of the namecharacter iu the Beechworth Hospital. A verdict was returned in accordance with _ the evidence. Our Granya correspondent, writing on the subject, says,:—"Mr. Harper, was a miner, about 55 years of age, who had been working at Bethanga and Granya lor the past 10 year«y He was of a kindly and genial disposition, and thoroughly respected by all who knew him. The funeral took place in the Granya cemetery, and was followed by niost of the Granya miners and townspeople. On Sunday a funeral service was held, and hymns appropriate to the occasion were sung." ROMAN CATHOLIC—The Rev. P. Carolin succeeds the Rev. C. M. Van der Heyden as parish priest of Chiltern. The latter clergyman, who is about to visit his native land, has been presented with a gold watch and illuminated address. At the banquet and presentation the Rev. Mr. Moorhouse, of the Episcopal Church, replied (says the O. and M. Adver to the toast of " The Clergy," with which his name was coupled. He said be had met the Biev. Father Van der Heyden on several occasions, and had always found him a genial gentleman. When he first came to the district, the Rev. Mr. Thomas, his predecessor, spoke in high terms of the guest, and he could bear it out on all points. As a clergyman, naturally he regretted the number of different sects, but he hoped in time they would be broken down. He hoped all, to whatever class they belonged, would attend to it, and when their allotted time had come they would take their places together in the one high temple above. SURVEY OFFICE CHANGES.—Various im- portant changes have been decided upon in connection with the Albury and Wagga Survey Offices. Mr. J. H. Wood of Albury and Mr. Bolton of Wagga Wagga have both been superannuated. Mr. Barlow, from Tumut, will take Mr. Wood's place at Albury, and Mr. Orr, from Wilcannia, is now in charge at Wagga. Mr. Edmondson, now in the Albury office, will be transferred to Wagga. Mr. Callachor, late chief at Wagga, has been removed to Grafton, and will be succeeded by Mr: Burt. Mr. Day, formerly in the Albury office, but now at Wagga, will be removed back here at the end of the month. His duty at Albury will include keeping properly charted up a set of maps"of the whole land board district of Wagga, giving information concerning vacant land to intending selectors, preparing descriptions, and generally assisting with all information available any persons desirous of settling in the district. BREA.0H OF THE STOCK Aoi.—On-Tuesday last Johanna Gain was summoned for permitting stock to trespass on the Wagra travelling stock reserve. Mr.'Chaitncy, for the prosecution, stated -that defendant had been previously warned. Defendant stated that the cattle committed the trespass in going: down to water. -A fine of 40s. was itaposed, with 4s, lOd. cos's of court and 21s. professional costs. Francis Corrigan was summoned for a like offence in respiect of the same reserve. G. Mackay, Inspector of Stock and Overseer of Public Watering Places, gave evidence to the effect that he had seen the trheks of defendant's sheep from the reserve; he followed the tracks and found defendant's son just putting the Bheep into his own place. For the i defence, a son of defendant's stated that on the day referred to he had shifted certain sheep from one paddock to another ; they were not' on the reserve at all. Defendant himself also gate corroborative testimony. The Bench] held that the trespass had not been fullvi proved, and dismissed the case. ' i BREACH OF BYE-LAWS. — At the police! court on Tuesday a commission agent named: Marriott was charged with permitting a horse' to stray in the streets. Evidence was adduced! to show that some wheat stabked in the yard' of Messrs. Hayes Broe. had been damaged, the) bags having been torn. Certain horses were! found in the yard afterwards going up to thel Btack, and defendant's horse was among the' number. This was the case for the' prosecu-i tion. For the defence, defendant contended ^ that it was a case of mistaken identity, his ; horse being very much like , another; at the' hmereferred to, witness's horse wasiuthe stable; Mr. Nagle, who appeared for the .Council, contended that the identity of the horse had been clearly established. The Bench held the case to be proved, and imposed a fine of 20s., with professional costs (£1 Isl and costs of court. In/ the -case of TfaosioKelsey,;charged With tur»ous<dnymg, ML adjournment was granted on the application^ Mr. ^agle.. on the ground |bat defendant wasfn. the >o?pitkl and unable to attend. John Walters pleaded guilty to having removed gravel from the river, banks! and .was fined . 10s., with 10s. 61. xosts bf court. ... ,. ; "THE 'HUME FARMERS' UNION.—The <juarf terly meeting of the Huqie Farmers' Umon jounced for Saturday : lart, was v^y poorly' attended. The first business ito be'deaft witi was the election of a secretary i n toom pf Mr.,.RBrown, Signed.. Seve^tnfiSberi Were .proposed, but'declined to acpept the office. ;£ome discussion of a rather acrimonions chapter U»k place, and the president left thfe chair, ;whicb was then taken by,Mr. Odewahn. the; vice-president, who endeavour to-pout 011 on the troubled waten with a view tothb maintenance of the organisation. As/however. be fo n nd willing to tm9etofeecretary, the Umon may fee °f the beln S 1 BS ,dornint. : ^pre .' tlie ^ close of the meeting Mr. F. A 'Gormly ( M.1LA., ip acknpwledgpient; of rhiB efforts in 'Pailiament in 'Conhection witl&lft; Lind Bill ahd other important shatters.' ^hs ut.-ti /a was carried. It was also./ie^ided-Jjp request the local members of Parliament to oppose the Lind Bill to their liimb^t, ff r it Mrera not modified in'the interests of the bbantfide. tattler. i^Bro^jth^^secref^ry^i^lei^oo^ to forward these letters. ~A hope was e^xprfeSsSd that bn effort would shortly be ; nS&afe; to citate the Unijon, and !s the.^meeting, cltogLrnt MB. IVERSON'-S jCoNCERT.-^^Mr, IverSon's ahhual benefit ebneert xobk pUt» :i oii 1 'ind&y; evening at St; Patrick's Hall, 1^andi from' tomusical point ;of, view-Jeft vfcjr^Jittje ;be. desired, both the singing and tlie'instru^enJtation being up to ^ very high stanSiit'd of excellence. The .programme opened with tho always popular overture to " Zampa,", veiyrwell played, by Miss Seymour arid Mr. Iverson. The Albury ' Deutsche Liedertafel' followed with a concerted, piece, " Eletein/' in ^,^hich light and shade were perfectly balanced. .Two othier glees 5 by the ' same company equally tiser) effective and equally, well Teoeived. Mrs. Down jsang very pleasingly two fl 8olos, receiving for the second a well-deserved encore. Miss Iverson, who has a well-tiained, frfesh^ and fairly powerful voice, (gav& two. splos'y-: " Lo, hear t^e gentle lark," and_" La Serenata " —both difficult songs, but rendered'in a manner that called forth the very warmest appreciation from the, audience. The.same young lady .was heard to perhaps greater advantage in a duet with Mr. Sims; " The Syren and Friar." : Mr. Headley sang the "^Romany LasB^^lThe instrumental pieces included two ^pk)s . by Mr. Becker, a promising violinist "and. leader of the Liedertafel; a ^piano 'Solo by Weber, .by Mies Allen,: a! young 'performer with much crispness of tpiich rand brilliancy of execution; ' : a' piano' solO by Madame Frere, which was Very: wiarmly applauded ; and one by Miss Seymour, tThe accompaniment to Miss Iverson's spngs were admirably played by Madame Frere'(piano) and Mr. G. Frere Xviolin). The attendance was not so good as IJie excellency pf Re entertainment deserved. NANTES V. T6W&NG; SSIBE.—The action bf Nantes v. the Shire of Towong?,U> rec ages for an accident resulting from the .negligent construction iof a drain, wardealt ^tatqr Mr. Justice A ? Bedkett on Tuesday 'biorning. Plis Honor made an order ^ome time agg^cmitting the case to the County Coart, unless the' plaintiff found;-Security ?6r costii'of'batisfied him that he had a cause of ^action jfit to be prosecuted, in the Supremg Cotirt. 0Security had not been given, but itciaii been argra that the adtioh was '' fit te-be pi-osecutodiitf ithG Supreme <Jottrt." The.meaniqg of the§awpi^S was not very clear,, but the principle generally Acted 1 upon was that a case 'presented tional legal difficulties. < The' plaintiffi (bed the ..shire for injuries su^tein^d.in ^.ugust, 1885, from falling into a drain. He stated that he was advisrf and believM thfet^' Ibew, difficult,- and/iintricate •questions of ;law[fflnd fact, must pecessari^y, jum. and have' io, be aetermine'd upon the heaiifig of^e b actib'ii: u Theonly apparent gfoiind^or. this advioe-8nd ^eliefj hiB Ho^or ^aid, was th^ de£eadant>, sertion that,the plaintiff was drunk at 'the time of the ti'ccidSnt- 'Phis lm6rely : 'taisea queatioti of.. contributory [ oegligence,.-,*qtii .y^hich the County Cou^t must be flee,med strpng enough to deal, as thesection" under #h¥dli lie WM ecting provideid for [the ^remittln^p^f actions in which much more difficult ^eulyec^s continually arpse, such as cases of malicious "prbsedution, libel, and slander. Hife Ho^or, therefore; decided that: rthe. present action should 4)e, remitted to the County Court,; the costs pf all proceedings before him to r be costs the- actionabd taxed ofl' the 'Supi^mfa Court scale. • •... ,••„ ; IMPORTANT TO .STOCKOWNEBIS . AND OFFFLBRS. rPersons interested will .save themselves a 'deal of trouble by paying^itteritio& ,; tb ! i;iii;%lfowing dir«ctiotiB issued byithd 1 Mines iDiepartment :—^here stock axe «£nt -to .Hpjnfibjusfi or other.markete ,and .there is ^ny prbbability of their being offered for sale in mbre lowtban one, the 'owner should on doliV/ery :tt)frithe drover, in order to sav« trouble, (urnish him with'' the' necessary nunibet: J of Copies 'of tfee permit, travelling statement, or delivery bote, 4W Uio case way be, duly ^rtifie^^.^uch,;^^ marked "duplicate'' or "triplicate,"' iol Jbe usfed a3 the'drbver may xeqUireV but'l&Vftfg; t^e number of rfie stock, blank, io .be ifilled s dn by the drpyer as the.lots.^re^nade up.'j lf .tjio stock are divided in this' way the original permit, travelling statement, or p delivifery' 'iiote should be sent onwitfa- thefirett-poHion ofthe lot, bearing an endoraementBetting ojit wjjiere and when this balance are to' be du'pbsed ' bf /'and the duplicates, or triplicates, ^hicb' would 4 %f course, be 1 sent on with the othei^ portions bf the original lot, should have endorsemetiU stating when tmd where the previdds 1 'poirtions were Bold ^nd when the balanc4, 'if «ty, wttttld be sold. : Queensland delivery -notes; if affording the information required by burpetmit^ or traveUmgptetemente/andfoundto corfespo&d; with the stock, kre; to Tje^ccejitefl: dealt with as if they w;ere the latter doctiments. Where the stock are sent tb^ market 6n-fo(5t'the drover mustdpliver, the; permit, statement, or delivery note to the superintendent Vof. t|te Bale-yards or leave.it inthe inspector's oMce, and where they are trucked the diocuinent must be handed to the stotionmaster, who ^ill pin it to the railwayvwaybill for the stock. It ought not to be forwarded by, post .to the tgeut. ;. ' . ' DENTISTRY.—^Mr. G. E. Hall will be in Albary on Tuesday next, 13th March, and may be consulted at M'Cflmey'e v r . ClubHotel, 