THE dulness in the share market at present cannot be attributed to a de clension in the returns from the mines, as, generally, the district is opening up as well as expected, and reasonable hopes are entertained as to the re sources of the lodes and leads in course of development. The partial collapse of the land boom, coupled with bank ing pressure, is regarded by many of the brokers as principally tending to cause limitation of investment in focal mining stocks, and it is anticipated that there will be a brisk revival in the shue market once the present de pression passes away. The history of many of the local mines would be a cheering record, and the present position of the Madame Berry, Star of the East, Band and Albion, and many others in different parts of the disirict is well calculated to inspire con fidence in judicious mining investment. In Mr Btaxd's history of the Port Phillip G.M. Company, of Clunes, it is stated that, out of a total area of about 1} square miles mined upon at that field, the amount of precious metal ob tained has been 1,1G2,611 oz, valued at £4,719,007, or 35 tons 12cwt. troy, representing one-fiftieth of the entire gold yieid of the colony. Out of this the Port Phillip Company divided £-225,023 19s 4d, and the Clunes Com pany, £118,415 2s lid as net pro fits, and the proprietors’ royalty lias amounted to £139,237 11s 7d. ThB Madame Berry mine continues to give magnificent returns : last week’s yield, we note, totalled 881 oz 5 dwt, aud there is no falling oft’ in the ap pearance of the workings. The Berry Consols mine is being steadily deve loped, and under present conditions the returns are very good, last weeks result being 333 oz 10 dwt. Tiie Berry No. 1 returns at present are less satisfactory, and as a conse quence shares have declined in market value. There .were buyers on Saturday at 70s, or perhaps a little more, hut sellers held for a higher figure. Earl Beaconstield and Lord Harry are fairly firm at current rates. The Star of the East mine lias well sustained all the hopes formed of it: and the man ager's report, which appears in another column, will no doubt he read with much pleasure not only by the share holders, but by all the investors iu the Plate.au lines. The Sir Henry. Loch Company’s last crushing was also highly satisfactory, 375 tons, of quartz yield-: ’ing no less than 307 oz 7 dwt of bar gold. All this, as well as much more that might be adduced, promises well for both the Redan and the Plateau, especially if something could be done to get the last-named locality thoroughly-drained. In Ballarat East the prospects of the North Woali Hawp, Britannia United, and several other companies, are very fair, and we note that the Sulieuiau Pasha Com pany purpose starting a trial crushing from No. 4 tribute. The Chalks’ group had a moderate business last week, without much alteration in prices, and Napier Freehold and New Kong Mcng had a few transactions at current rates. M'Farlane Reef were wanted at 2s 6d on Saturday, but no seller came forward. Siueaton Re serve declined in market value, and changed hands at the close of the week at from 12s to 12s 4.1d. King Midas also eased a little. A few other stocks had occasional transactions at current rates, but, on the whole, there was not much tendency to invest. During the past week the following dividends were declared: —Madame Berry, 10s; Llan berris Quartz, Is. Tlie Primate (Dr Parry, Bishop of Sydney), ami the Anglican bishops of Melbourne, Bathurst, and Riveriua preached in the principal Anglican churches in Ballarat yesterday. The prelates occupied the pulpits at the t'ru-Cashcdral and at St. Paul’s, St. Peter’s, and All Saint's Churches, at each of which there were large congregations. Re ports of the services will be found elsewhere in The Star. The general list ISSS for Ballarat East proper division of the Electoial District of Ballarat East, comprising the general roll 18S7, the supplementary roll ISSS, and the names of poisons who have since obtained electors’ rights, numbers a total of 989 names. The list of South road division of the same electoral district totals 27. Only three persons (two clergymen and a head teacher) applied in Ballarat East during this year for rights to vote for members of the Legislative Council, which names added to the general roll ISS7, makes a total of only eight, names for the Ballarat East division of Wellington Province. In Ballarat West the returns are:—Assembly—Number of names on general roll ISS7, 359; number of names on supplementary roll ISS3, 199: number of lights issued from and since 2nd dune, ISSS, up to date, Too; total up to Ist December, 10L>. Legislative Council Number .of names on general roll 18S7, 6: number of names on supplementary roll ISSS, 7: number of rights issued since Ist June, IS3S, G; total up to Ist December, 19. Mr J. Northev, mining manager of the Parker’s United Company, met with an acci dent in the engiueroom on Thursday night, which fortunately lias not resulted in appa rently anything more serious than severe bruising. The pumps got out of gear below the GOO feet level, and after doing what was necessary underground Mr Northey assisted at the lever, which slipped and fell upon him, with the additional weight of two men. Yesterday afternoon, about 4 o’clock, a Gre occurred at the residence of Mr Alex. Marney, blacksmith, Creswiok road, a short distance beyond the brewery of Messrs Leggo and Sons. The flames first made their appearance in tlie roof of one of the rooms in the dwelling, and Mr Marne}-, who was at dinner when the alarm was raised, immediately applied water to the fire with an ordinary house hose. Of course this weak stream couhi not immediately put the fire under, and all danger of total de struction of the premises was not removed until the arrival of the Ballarat and City brigades. Before the fire was extinguished three apartments —two front rooms and a back room—were gutted, and the furniture in each completely destroyed. Mr Marney’s furniture wig not insured. He was a tenant in the house, the name of the owner of which is Mrs Broadbent. It is not known how the fire originated. The toss to both tenant and owner is estimated at about £lOO. The building was insured. When the alarm was raised, the brigades were attending the Old Colonist’s service on the Oval. This makes the 30th tire in a period of 31 days. Mr J. Casey and his son Joseph rendered valuable assistance in ex tinguishing thr fire. There are tio fresh developments in con nection with the strike of bootmakers at Messrs Whitten and Cairns’ factory. The men were paid strike pay again on Satur day afternoon at the Trades’ Hall. The Rev. Dr Maciaren, the eminent preacher, of Manchester, Engiaud, is an nounced to preach in the Academy of Music to-morrow nigiit. It was announced a day or two ago that Dr Maciaren s Melbourne engagements had been cancelled owing to Ids indisposition, and it was feared that owing to the same reason he would have to post pone his intended visit to this city. Such, however, is not the case, as the rev. gentleman has entirely recovered from his recent ill ness, and it was notified from the pulpit at the Baptist Church, Dawson street, that lie would preach to-morrow night iu the Academy of Music according to announce ment. The R.M.S. Orient arrived from Colombo at Albany at 12 5 p.m. yesterday, ami 6ailed for Adelaide at 3 30 p.m. Au analysis has been obtained from the Mining Department with respect to the de posit of lignite discovered by boring opera tions some mouths ago in the lease of the Chalk’s No. 4 Company, Caiisbrook. Mr Frederic Dunn, who has made the analysis, reports that “ the sample of clay impregnated with oil” forwarded to the department con tained—water, 6'900 per cent.; volatile matter, 42*025; fixed carbon, 21 - 030; ash, 29-425; total, 100 000. The weather was again hot yesterday, but at times the rays of the sun were tempered by a breeze from the south-west. It is re ported that the drought has practically broken up iu portions of the colony, but in this district very little rain has fallen for weeks past, aud the dry weather lias ruined hundreds of acres of crops. Yesterday after noon the country around Ballarat was en veloped in smoke from bush-fires. Two youths, named Y'ining aud Sexton, were lodged in the Town lock up on Satur day, by Senior-constable Nedwell and Con stables Wall and M’Pberson, on a charge of stealing pigeons belonging to a resideut of Victoria street named Thompson. Several persons were also arrested during Saturday aud Suuday by the Eastern police on' charges of drunkenness. One offender named Mary Jones was attacked by delirium trema i-s iu her cell. We are informed that Messrs Freeman ami Crabbe have sold the Royal Exchange hotel (Bonuey's), corner of Mair and Doveton streets, to Mr P J. Slattery, of the Pioughaml Harrow, for £3OOO. The public-house is one of the finest buildings iu Ballarat, aud lias uot been loug erected. We are informed on good authority that Mr M‘Vitty’s address to the electors of tbe proposed new district of Windermere will appear in a day or two. Mr G. G. Morton, J.P., while feeling per fectly satisfied witli tbe promises of support he has received in his proposed candidature for the uew electorate of Windermere, has, we learn, in consequence of ill health, decided liot to proceed any further, but to retire in favor of Mr H. R. MWitty. It will be seen from Reuter’s cablegram in another column, that Geueral Sir Henry W. Norman, G.C.8., Governor of Jamaica, has been appointed Governor of Queeus laud. His Excellency tbe Governor and Lady Loch, who came to Ballarat on Thursday in order that Sir Henry might lay the fouiida.- tion-stoue of the Anglican Cathedral, left the city by special train on Saturday morn ing. During bis stay in Ballarat the Governor aud his lady were the guests of the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat. A young man named Dauiel Chisholm, about 22 years of age, was arrested on Saturday afteruoou by Sergeant Moran and Constable Munro on a charge of inebrietv and damaging property. It appears that Chisholm visited M’Donald’s Foundry Hotel, in Dana street, whilst under the influence of liquor, aud broke a window valued at 10s. When arrested, the young fellow was so violent that he had to be hand cuffed and drireu to the Ballarat South lock up in a spring-cart. Chisholm, it appears,. was .some months ago fined heavily for creating a disturbance at Windermere. - ■There -were 93 patients- in the Ballarat 1 Hospital at tlie end of last week, of whom 69 were males and 24 females. During tlie week 76 new outpatients and 14 casualties were treated, which with IS4 formerly on the books, made a total of 274 outpatients. For the ensuing week Dr Woinarski is the houorary medical officer, and Dr Piunock the houorary 6urgeon. In our report of the proceedings connected with the laying of the foundation-stone of the Anglican Cathedral, we omitted men tion that the sand in the mortar with which tlie stone was laid was mixed with sand that came from England, the gift of Mr C. H. J. Walker. The gold trowel presented to his Excellency when laying the stone was made by Mr Welch, of Sturt street, in a manner that reflected the greatest credit upon him, and proved the resources of his establish ment. The luncheon was catered for by Mr M'lntvre, of Bridge street, in a style that fully maintained the excellent reputation he has already gained. We are requested to call the attention of all those who are desirous of joining tlie Mounted Kifles to tlie notice of a meeting to be held next Thursday, which appears in our advertising columns. Colonel Price will, we are informed, be preseut at the meeting to give any information that may be required and to enrol members. The number of outdoor recipients of re lief from the Asylum last week was 545. There are 254 inmates remaining iu the Asylum. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—lVm. J. Gregory,44 years of age, a resident of Lyons street, suffering from a foreign body in his eye, which was removed. John Ryan, 10 years of age, whose parents reside at Alfredton, suffering from a fractured collar-bone, the result of .u fall from a horse. Dr Scott set the bone, and the boy was taken home. We have received a copy of Messrs Harry Davies and Co.’s Federal Times, a family paper published weekly and issued by tliat firm to their subscribers. It is well printed, and contains a quantity of interest ing matter. A special meeting of the Ballarat branch of the A.M.M.A. was held at the School of Mines last Saturday evening, and was well attended. The business comprised an in teresting and instructive lecture by the secretary (Mr Sharpe) on “ Scieuce and Labor,” which developed much fond for ani mated discussion by the members present. At the close a presentation, consisting of colonial gold Maltese crosses, suitably in scribed, were presented by the president (Mr J. Y. Allan), on behalf of the members of the Ballarat branch, to the retiring presidents (Messrs W. 11. Wooldridge and James Henderson), as a token of esteem for ser vices rendered by those gentlemen to the association. The recipients responded in neat little speeches. Their respective healths were afterwards drunk in bumpers at Craig’s hotel. Out of nearly 100 lots of Crown land offered for sale at Maryborough on Thursday only about 40 found purchasers, 17 having been withdrawn, and no offers being made for the remainder. There was no competi tion, whatever, the laud in each instance being purchased at the upset price. The Thomsou-Houston Elect:ic Lighting Company have applied for permission to supply electric lightning to the municipality of Collingwood, and to run an eletrio tram car from Clifton Hill to tiic St. Kilila beach, by way of Hoddle street. The Australian Eleven and a team repre senting Victoria have arranged to lay a match on the Melbourne cricket ground on the 7th, Sth, 10th, and 11th inst. An old resident of Grenville named Robert Ormrod died suddenly iu the Hospital on Wednesday from English cholera. He was removed from bis late residence only a few days before his death. The deceased was 74 years of age. Avery interesting tea and evangelistic meeting was held last Friday evening at Clayton Hill, on the occasion of the opening of a small building for the Clayton Hill branch of the Women’s Prayer Union. Over 100 sat down to ail excellent tea, which was laid both in the new building and in a tnaiquee beside it. At the after meeting Mi ff. M'Gowau, the leader of the branch, pre sided, and spoke of tlie Sunday afternoon meetings having been held for the past two years in the house of Mr Price, but that crowing too big for a private house it was thought advisable to have a place of their own, and be was pleased and thankful that they of Clayton Hill were the first of the branches of the Prayer Union to do this. After singing and grayer the Rev. T. Scott- Millar addressed the meeting, expressing bis pleasure at being present, rejoicing at tiie good work going on there, ami urging all to be like Christ and to follow Him in lives of well- doing and self-sacrifice for others. The Rev. Mr Mason followed with a stirring ad dress on Christ as the Sin-Conqueror, the Suffering-Bearer, and the Life-Giver. The Rev. J. H. Alackay spoke a lew earnest words about Christ as the only way to God and Heaven. Mr J. P. Murray thanked the ministers for their presence and the words they had spoken, and urged the parents preseut to see that their children were regular iu attendance at the Sunday school held there. Prayer and the Benediction brought the meeting to a close. At the Buniuyong Police Court on Friday, before Messrs Kerr and Milner, J’s.P., the following business was dealt with:—Charl ton v Madame Bent Company, summons for £7 7s. The amount having been paid, an order was given for 5s costs. There was no appearance in two other cases. Referring to the trifling rainfall which oceaned on Wednesday last, our Learmonth correspondent says:—“ What did tail, though doing much good, was quite insufficient to retrieve to any appreciable extent the alarmingly backward state of the crops in general. And yet, strange to say, there are verv fair crops on some lands. I know of good land which last year gave only a poor crop, owing to the take-all ami grub ravages, ami this year the crop is looking well in deed.” Anew feature iu correspondence will be introduced by tlie Postal Department at the opening of the new year. This is a missive known as a “ letter card,” which will be issued at the price of lid. Tlie card is oblong in shape, about the size of a wide half sheet of note paper. They may he sent to any place iu Victoria, Queensland, and Tas mania; but when sent lo New South Wales, South Australia, Western Australia, New Zealand, or Fiji an ordinary penny stamp must be affixed to them in addition to die 14 stamp they bear. This letter card is for the present the nearest approach to a penny postal system which is likely to be con ceded. An elderly man named William Barring ton, 57 years of age, a resident of Enfield, met with a very painful accident on Satur day. He was eugaged working at a chaff cutting machine, when his right hand got caught in the cog-wheels, smashing the fore parts of his four fingers almost to a pulp. He was brought in to the Ballarat Hospital, where his injuries were attended to, but it is feared tlie fingers will have to be amputated at the second joints. According to a return published iu the Gazette by the Government Statist, tlie birtli3 of 1468 children, viz., 777 boys and 691 girls, were registered iu Melbourne and suburbs during the month of October. In the month of September 1376 births were registered. The art union prizes (20 iu number) given in connection with the recent sports in aid of tlie Smythesdaie R.C. Presbytery (writes our local correspondent) were drawn for iu the Mechanics’ Hall on Thursday’ evening, before a good uumber of persons. The majority of the prizes were of an unique and nuusually valuable kind. The following donations were received in aid of the effort: —Mr Martin Longhiin, £2 2s; Mr Osmand, £2: the Hon. P. Russell, £2: Mr H. R. APYitty, £1 Is; Dr Woinarski, £1 1«; Mr John King, 10s; Mr Alex. Young, M.L.A., £1; AIrD. M. Davies, M.L.A., 10s. According to the Hon. W. Madden, the capital value of the visible water in the colony is £163,000.000, auJ its annual value is £7,000,000. Ten irrigation trusts have beeu constituted under the Irrigation Act of ISS6. the' gross area of the districts under their control being 843,620 acres, and the net irrigable area 704.63S acres. Tlie total amount of loans authorised to be advanced for the construction of their works is £556,367, of which £144,559 has beeu already paid. At the Tungamali poliee court on Tues day, H grocer's assistant named Joseph Wellard was charged with assaulting a little girl six years of age, daughter of Mr Richard son, landlord of the Farmers’ Arms Hotel. The accuse;! applied-for a remand to the 11th prox.p which was granted. The alleged offence took phfce while tlie little girl ac companied accused in-a cart when he was delivering goods to customers. A young lady. Miss Louisa Emily Edwards, while attempting to rescue a bathing companion at Nelson, in New Zea land, was drowned. Her companion was saved. The Government propose to vest 1,597,G00 acres of land, valued at £-1,256,500, in Education Commissioners, the revenue to be devoted to educational purposes. The land includes 1180 acres between the River Yana and Port Melbourne; an area of 1,155,000 in the inallee country, some of it poor and some good soil; ISO,OOO acres rangey country in County Dargo, likely to prove of great value for agricultural pur poses, and which is thought to be aurife rous; 51.500 acres on the banks of the Snowy River; 162,000 acres in Croajingo loug; and 315,000 acres in the same neigh borhood. Tlie temperance party iu the the As sembly are determined to push on the the Licensing Act Amendment Bill, for which (says the Telegraph) they have been assured of 51 votes. Senior-Constable Taylor, fisheries inspec tor, while watching for poachers, caught three men iu the act of hauling a net in the Powlett River, on Tuesday, at 5 a.m. The net, which is about 100 feet long, was seized. A Sydney telegram pupiished in the Arcus says:—“John Greenwood, a miner, was committed for trial at Newcastle on Thurs day for maliciously wounding his wife. The accused cut his wife’s throat, and if the wound had been a little deeper it would have proved fatal. He expressed regret that he had not ‘finished her.’—Annie Lever, accoucheuse , has been committed for trial on a charge of causing the death of Blanche Cock, the young dressmaker who recently died at Glebe, as the result of an illegal operation performed on her.—On the strength of the opinion of the Attorney- General, that the right to search for minerals does not erase -on the leasing of Crown lands, the Alines department have signified their willingness to grant licenses to mine on all Crown leases. You may suppose (writes the Brisbane correspondent of the Arje) from newspaper accounts that we are vastly excited on the question as to the new Governor; this is far from correct. There is a feeling that, to use art Americanism, “ we are some pump kins,” and therefore we would like to have a matt something lilte your Sir Henry Loch over us. Unfortunately, though, there is an unwillingness to pay the price for such a man. It is a fact our late Governor had to trench on his private income so that he might sustain his position with dignity, and yet he was by rto means extravagant; ittdeed by some he was charged, though un justly, with being parsimonious attd mean. The opposition to Sir Henry Arthur Blake springs almost entirely from Parnellites and our so-called Nationalists. Leaving out of mind the desire for a big man, the fact that Sir 0. A. Blake has pushed himself on iu the world, and has been a supporter of law and order, is considered a credit to him rather than a cause of reproach. Now that the reasons why the Premier objects to him have beeu formulated, their poverty, as von have shown, is apparent. If the Home Government cancels his appointment nod gives us a better man, no doubt we shall be glad, but it is a mistake to suppose that the feeling against him is anything like universal or intense, save with tile classes specified above, and these are by no means to be taken as exponents of public feeling. 