DISTRICT NEWS. i [Correspondents are requested to fomard their Uteri in time to reach the office not later than ip.m. on. Tuesday.] ~ BEN A. ; SATURDAY, March ifc. } (FBOM AH .OCCABJOHAL COBBESPOHDEKT.) , The weather lias been very hot and dry for thp past few weeks, nntil the 23rd nit, when about two inches of rain fell, and since then it has been much cooler, especially, at nightand morning, .when it ; is as ..cold : as .winter. I think the hot weatheris allover till next semper, and that we "V" soon hare the frosts with us once 'mote. There is » nice spring in the grase stacp the rain, but it does not show to advantage, as the old dry. grass hides the green. But for this, the country would look nice .and green. I think the rain, will end'all bush-fires which hare beenj raging around the neighbourhood lately. , . About , fpur weeks ago Four Bpb homesteadj .was burnt to the groupd, and it is not known how it pccurred. There had been no fire in the house for about three months. The fire stared in the house, not in the kitchen, but how is a: mystery. There was no one at home at the time,' the person in chargc being engaged out on the run fencing, and when he returned at night he found the house in ashes and the kitchen had just caught,,but it cyuld not be sayed. Since I last wrote there has been a boat launched pn t^P $uglo Creek at Bena by Mr; W. Kiflley, which has been named the " Begins Victoria," in honor of our Most Gracious Queeni The creek is getting very low, but it is to pe hoped that it wi l not be long until it is filled again, when -perhaps—there-wilI be a second Beach hail from the Humbug. Several enteii taifl ffypt idea, bat I jtfihik it .will bp some time to come—perhaps by our nest centenary, which is a long way off. : i! .A Last week a contractor here was bitten by a snake, but I am pleased to say he is out of all danger now, I although it was thought he wouh) have died. He was given plenty of brandy and ammonia, end kept awake all .sight, bat it was with difficulty that he was saved. A cricket club was started jhere gome time back, bnt has not made much headway yet. Still there are some eight or nine members joined so far, and! hope that before long I will be able to send you the result of a match in which our club has been victorious, ' < During the last few weeks Bena has hia visitors from the Murray and Murrumbidgee districts, in the persons of 'Mr. and Mrs;-13. Ridley of Burrumbuttock, and Mr. and Mts. John £wann, of North Berry Jerry, who are visiting their friends and relations. They all report the country to be looking jrand in their districts. ..The railway to Forbes is a lpng time.coming to pass, "but it is to be hoped that ere J long Sir Henry will let us know whether it is "to be or not to be." The people of Forbes have been waiting long and patiently, but have not got it yet, and perhaps never will. 