MINING. The O'Connor's Freehold on Saturday had 216oz of amalgam from the plates and wells. The following lease under the Mining on Private Property Act is awaiting execution at Castlemaine :—No 831, Thos Potts, 79a 3r 13p, Taradale Division. It is notified in the Government Gazette of Fridaylastthatafter theexpirationof one month from the 17th inst it is intended to grant the following lease under the provisions of the Mining on Private Property Act. 1884 :—No 872, R. Beeston, 123a Or 35p, near Malmsbury. North Russell's, Lauriston, Feb 17.— Prospecting shaft north sunk 18ft. Expect to cut reef in 3£t or 4ft. Will then start to sink permanent shaft. A novel question will be tested in the Ballarat Police Court shortly, it has been an accepted fact (says the AUendaU Telegraph) that the mining managers of mines are the sole responsible persons, and these unfortunates have been selected for immolation whenever there have been any laches giving grounds for prosecution. Mr Charles Stewart thinks, however, that "captains" are answerable, and with a view of testing the question he intends proceeding against a captain for an alleged breach of the mining regulations. Mr Finlayson will prosecute. It would not be altogether unsatisfactory to find that Mr Stewart's belief is a correct one. It does seem an anomaly that one man should commit a fault and another who has had nothing to do with the matter suffer punishment for it. The Russell's Reef yesterday invited tenders for lowering plunger, cutting cistern, and sinking the shaft 60ft. The directors found that it would be more advantageous to do the work by day labor, and so decided at the meeting yesterday afternoon. The North Golden Crown clean off at tbe Russell's Reef battery to-day, and from prospects obtained a fair yield is anticipated. An Age London cablegram of the 18th inst. states that the British Government lias annexed the auriferous territory eastward of the Carony River, South America. A goldfield of great richness is reported to have been discovered near Surinam (Dutch Guiana) and East British Guiana, the boundary of whieh is disputed. Resistance to the action of Great Britain is threatened by the republic of Venezuela Egerton, Blackwood, Feb. 18.—Main tunnel—Favorable change, quartz leaders showing, more water coming. North Drire—Reef still small and unsettled. O'Connor's Freehold, Feb. 18.—Bottom crosscut extended 17ft; total from plat, 168ft; country harder, and not so good for blasting. At No 2 level north drive extended 14ft; total from crosscut, 533ft; tbis is now 14ft beyond the slide ; lode is strong and good. No 2 winze down 40ft, where lode is heaved by slide. Have also resumed driving south. At No 1 level are sinking winze in new make, which is down 13ft. Sloping continues at both levels. Crushed 150 tons. Amalgam from plates and well 216oz. New Era Tunnel, Franklinford, Feb. 18.—After four years driving nearly 4,000ft through hard reef to the shaft, the manager put up three bores, and broke into the old workings yesterday. The water is now all out of the shaft, and the air is splendid. There is 20ft of reef overhead. Will now rise with jump- up. Have put rope on whim, and went below. Found nice wash in eastern drive towards Franklinford. The surveyor has defined the boundary of creek, and the company have now two miles of a gutter before them. Great Western Freehold, Franklinford, Feb 18.—The water is down in shaft 66ft, or nearly on a level with the old workinge. It is now heavy, and going down slowly The pumps are. kept going at. 1C strokes per minnte, and working three shifts with 70 gallon tank. Machinery' is in good order, and working well. The contractor is making good progress with puddling machine. Missing Link, Drummond, Feb. 20. — Contractors making good progress with tunnel. Lode in face improving ; expect to finish air course in a few days, when three trial crushings of 20 tons each will' be taken from different parts of the mine one from where the gold was first struck, one from the centre, and one from I end of present drive,—in order to test the [ full value of the mine preparatory to I erecting battery. j \- j- At the Fitzroy police court yesterday a man named Mahoney,' for throwing an egg at a tramcar gripman, was fined £6, with the alternative of six weeks' imprisonmeut. .,... . - . On Sunday, in the ^neighborhood of Port Faiiy, a woman named Glesson, wife f ot a farmer, was -burnt to death in 's, bushfire. S The strike by the Unionist employes of, t intkelrdriMt/ 