'oral 111111 ftleral 11catt.. IIEATHCOTE POLICE COUriT.-There was a clean charge sheet presented at the local Police Court on Friday morning last. HOsPITAL DoNaes'o -The Warderings to return thanks Jo Mre Hyslop for donatiozi of 8Ibs. of butter. MoNTHYpr SAj.E.--Mr Sjnts llolds his next mnnthly sale Of stock at the Mount Ida yards tqomorrow. SALE OF L4ND.-Mr D. Sims advertises he will sell at the Prince of WVales Hotel, Heathcote, on Saturday. December let at 12 o'clopk a farm of G38 acres situate at Glenhope, for .Ir F. E. E. Knight. SALE OF FURNITURE.-Mr Sims announces by advertisement in which particulars pill uoe found, that he will sell at Dr. RoBinson's, ..,Heathcoje, at 1 o'clock ti Santurday, tho lst December, a quantityqf houielhold furniture &c;, without reserve. 'HREATCOTE BOROUGH COUNCIL.-The annual and adjourned ordin:ary ruoetinigs of :the Ileatlhcote Borouglh Council, which were to have been held at noon on Tues: day last, lapsed for want of a quorum, only Crs Sims and Craven putting in an appearance. ýt was understpod that the Meetings would be adjournedl till tihe next oFdmnary meeting-1ou0day, ird Deer. Bpsamine -An occasional correspon dentat Majors Line says :-An ex eqive' fire occurred at Majors Line on Sunday las . A large amount of fencing and grass belonging to tie Messrs Parlker of the sawmill was destroyed. Most of the neighbours willingly aided to eubdue the ore. Oyer 30 lIands were on gaged and there were none to spare. 'the fire originated tlhroughi someone felling abee tree and leaving a fire alight. PATIENTS IN TIE HobPITAL.-We are glad to state that B. l'oyd who received a slhockl to the spine and severe injury to the chest by a fall from a railway bridge on the Sandburst line, and H. Henry whose hip was seriously injured recently by his slipping and falling off a water cart, are both progressing satisfactorily. Lloyd has been able to get about for some time, but Henry is still conflned to his bed. ILtNEss OF M1 G. HEAD.-W are sorry to state that Mr George He.d in. the employ of the proprietors of the Heithicote Hotes!, on Friday morning last was seined with an apoplectic fjt The services of Dt. Clark were at once called in and the sufferer was taken to the Hospital whltere, however, be only remained about three hours, going after wards to his owe residence. lie has since we are glad to say, been gradu ally improvimg. The attack was very sudden, Mr Head at the time being about his customary duties at the hotel. DEATH.-It is our painful duty this week to record the death of Mrs Bowley, wife of Mr Fredericl llowley, saddler of this town. Tihe deceased, who was a daughter of Mr James Revell, succumbed to an illness of several months' duration early on Friday morning last. Though having been ailing for several montlhs, \\[rs Bowley was not confined tolierroom till a few weeks prior to hier decease. She leaves a large family ipclaiding several young children to mourn her loss. The funeral took place on Sunday last. when a ncmber of the townspeople and others followed the reum;ias to their last resting place in the leathcot Cemetery. Thie burial service was read by the Rev. H. FP. cott. DEATts IN THE HoSPITAL.-On Sunday 11th lest,, there died in the Hospital, Henry Bradford, native of Tasmania, aged 26, from consumption, after being a fortnight in th,- institution. He had been uiling a considerable time. On 'aiurday last, Thomas Hunt, a native of Eigiand, age.l 64. died from serious apoplexy and paralysis. He was found in an uncon scious state by Mr Bywater and two of his sons, the deceased b'ing in Mir Bywater's employ. The deceased was missed from hlis hut, and on search being made for hlim he was fou'nd as stated. Mr Bywater visited the deceased's hut on Wednesday, the 7th inst. There was every appeaCrance of the deceased bring all right as the things about seemed to have 'been used that day, and it was thought that thie deceased was iat work as. usual. On the Saturday following, Mr Bywater had ocoasion to go to the but again, and there being evidences that he had not ocrunied it'that day. Mr Bywater became alarmed for his safety, and atones made search for him, with assistance. with the result stated. He was admitted to the Hospital on Sunday the 11th inst., on which day he was found and Was uncoum. :-1-i utuI.r~ 1:11 ie den ;.. kCCIDENT.-OU MO(lnday last, -David Sry;.e mplolva dtdu' ke, aidTiuff raiI, wof.liib, was admitted t the :Hospitdil sutferi.' fromna fr~actured c lrrbonb:and...` vaiioua bruises, sustale 'I by tihe :end of a house felling op im, .which- be. wetr etpcting in WaYttle Flat with the. 9 a istance of Gcorgea Mnsbridge and R. Ydiig, alansbridge :iso receifVngs nasty puton-tlhe face by the falling structure. TAB WE TpER.-The long continued w' dry weather is causing much anxiety thrcughout the district. As far as a crain harrvest is concerned, in the tl majority of instances the crops are past t recovery, and many wvill only afford no P inferior cuttiig of hay at the most. The F scarceity of water.is also causing much 0 incouvenience and uneasiness both in the a town and district. It is considered there n is only a few week's supply left in the Hsanipg Rockl.JReservoir. The air for t several days has been thiclty impreg. nated with smoko fromn bushfires, some R particulars of a fire whlicl hals been doing a good deal of damage to fencing and grass at Major's Line are given by ean occaslgpal corrt.espondent. and appear else lwhere. It was reported here on Wednes day that Messrs Parker's saw-mill had been burnt; but we are glad to state a there was no truth in the rumour. We learn that a nubnher of sleepers have been deetrqygd by the hire, W. Wylie, son of Mir W. Wylie, of J'ooborap, loosing about I £20 worth. Loe4er L4yp BPARD.-We are iutlhorised to states that the local L:and Board appointed in the last Gazette to sit on the 12tr Dscem'ier, is cancelled ( CLEAsrNo SALE.-.Mr Sinte announ- r ces the unieserved sale of the farm, live stock, furniture, &c.;, of Mr John Toohey, at Major's Creek on Friday next thr 30th inst, Mr Toohey being about to leave the 4istrict. A luncheon is to be proyiaed. Tile advertisement i will be found in another column. ELECTORS' EIOaTS.--We desire to r notify that Monday, 1st December, will be the last day for taking out electors' rights Thoase wyho desire to qualify for exercising the franchiseatthe forthcoming general election should c not moiss thie opportunity thus afforded. Rights can be obtained from the registrar from the 25th inst., either at the Court House or ut his private agildence Long Gully. PRESENTATION.-A pleasing "cre mony took place at the. State School, Costerfield, on the 1th inst., when Miss Schwartz, was presented with a handsome gold brooch, prior to liher departure to the Green Hill Creek State Bebool, near Avoca, to the charge of whiesl school she has been nppointed. The presentation was nmade by Miss Lizzie Bock, on behalf of herself and: the other pupils. The rift was acknowledged in suitable a4l feeling terms by the recipiuent. Miss Schwarts was a resident of Costerfield for 11 years, and was at pupil teapher at the school there for 5 years, and since last June was temporarily in chisrge of the school. She was very moch liked and respected by tihe pupils. On the last occasioc of the visit of the inspector Dr. Plhilp, hle gave Miss Scihwarlz much praise for the progress the children had made under her tuition. Tae *SKETCHcER.-'reO latast num-' ber of the z Sketcher", i copy of which is to hand, is a very good one. The iillstrations coimprise some excellent sketclhes of Now Ztealid, Gip)jol nnI and other scenery, in likeness of the' late Mr Kan, MeIng, ExhihitioW Jottings, Fire at Blnkgit I l I, 1LLUSTRATED AIUSTRAtIAN Niws, We are in receipt of the last tunluier, coint'iiing in addition to the uan.l complement of sketches, two large pictures-one a col'red one entitled " \Vho Comes", and thie other " Over landing with cattle-the night watch." Numerue other sketches of various scenery go to 'niake up an excellent nnaiuber. TNE Russel.L FtND.-Tlhe Russill Fundl Commnittee (states the Bendrigo Evening News of Tuesday), nmet last evening under the chaiirmanship of the Mayor. lthe following s'hclcriptions were received ;-Messrs Crofton and Trier, £36 :Os 6d; Mr Bald, £57 4 91; Messrs P. Hayes and D. O'KN efe, £122 3 61i; Messrs Josea,h and Potter, £31 15a ; Messrs Andrew and foverdrl, £52 Is; Mir lemphill, £12 8s 61; Mlr J. Cohn, £12 17a; MessriSeholton and March, '2 11a 61; totdl, £327 is 98d. Mr Joseph Iov&ed; "'Tb it thtis committee pay the funeral expenses, and sl.'o the rent, and give Mrs Rtussell £20 to enahle her to go to Melhourne. 'Then for the first six months £2 per we'k; for the next six months 30s per week, and thetn £1 p'r week until the money Is exhamnuted." Mir T. S. Gibhon seconded the motion. Mlr J. H. Potter moved, atid Mr J. Andrew seconded as no amendment -" That they give her £30 down, and for the six months 25a per week, and after that at the rate of £1 per week, but in the event of merriatre thie money to go to the children." The emend. ment was carried. Meessr J. Cohn, Bald, and Pott'r, were appointed as trustees." Mlr Andrew O'Keee, headed the with £100. He attended at the Conty Conurt here yesterday. 