OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENCE. -:0: BY AN ANCIENT RELATIVE OF OFFICE BOY. THE MY DEAR BETSEY,—They do say as promidges, like pie-crusts, is made to be broke but I ses them weak sort er profiches, don't apply to sich as you and me, Betsey, so I'll proceedge at once, to give you my pinion on things out here. I arrived at Freemantle just afore dark last Saturday as ever is, feeling that young, not to say fresh, as was fit for anythink from broken limbs to " Delirimg Trimidges," and ready to hold out both hands of fellowship to black and white alike, when I turns quite sick and faint at the sound of that immortal name Harris." I chutched at the young man, and ses, tf " Young man, don't tell me you aint no relation to that dear angel bearin' your name, as ave reared fourteen, four of which \- is twins, besides bur y in' two, through catching " the measles from the neighbors children wot got few. through going to the Sunday school, as co lects large sums of money and treats the scholards to country trips once a year perviding everything they reguires free of charge, though I do hear they get as much harm one way and the other as they do good through a-havin' to mix with sich a low set, for I ses Fve but just arrived from England wot as it's faults. I ses if one must believe the poets and feel drawd towards all of the name of " Harris." Harris is my name, he ses ; do you want apartments ? Apartments, I do require, I ses, perviding they are clean and a low figure, for I do hear that Inseck life in the colonies incredges in a way unbeknown in England. Foller me, he ses, and see for yourself. I certainly was took with the rooms been on the ground floor, which eases my mind at once on account of of the bush-fires they talked on during the voyage out ; for the two storey houses being quite the reception out here through their not perviding a fire escape as is a orkeard instrument after all for a stout party to be saved by. Howsomdever, I am a wandering from the main pint or feature I should say, which is sand, as suits me down to the ground through avin tinder feet, as wears sevens in slippers to allow for the corns, as they do say will leave of their own accord, but requiring room. Well, I remember the pen'orths of sand poor Poll Sweedlepipes as sold, and lor ! Betsy, what a trade he could do ere with his birds and easy shavin combined together, and no end er sand to fall back upon— but that's neither here nor there. Next to the sand comes the Town Hall, in my pinion, which took me in at first, been a little shortsighted as as a hole in the tower ready for a clock, and my asking a small boy to tell me the time which was that forward as said I could see there was no clock yet, but as the Mayor was a going to have one put in afore long. May, 1888.—DEAR BETSEY,—Since I last wrote I hear they have got the clock up as is a great boom to the town, not as I feel it much, aving come up to live in the gay and festering City, where I find there is more going on to suit my taste, which was always high, through a holding so much elavating conversation along of Mrs. Harris, as always sed, when feeling low, send for j Sairey, she understands me feelins not to mention |my constitution. I was jist a sitting down to \ bit of cold am, with a sprig of watercress and cold î toast, when in walks young Harris, and ses, i" Have you eard Horgin ?" Horgins I have'eard —barrels and otherwise, but not in this countree, I ses. I dont mean any musical insterment, he says, but a Responsible Goverment man. Will yer come and hear him to-night, he's going to dress the meetin. I ses, Yes, if its kerrect for a respectable female as nuses the nobility and gentry at ome and abroad to be seed at sich intertainments, all right he ses, you can go up in the gallery wot is pervided for ladies. So I àgrees to go, and after just a small glass of whiskey to keep out the rawness of the weather, we impaired to the Town Hall quite chatty, were I was escorted to the gallery by the crowd, and . squedging ofme all the way, as should 'ave died if I hadn t a brought my umbrella to clap or hiss with, as the case miglit be. However, I meant to support Horgin from that moment as had been told by young Harris as everything was in the hands of six familys as spent the money on their own relations, and wouldn't have no new railways nor nothink lively in the place. The meetin' quite took with everythink propodged and beliavin a respectable way until I appeared to be carried away by my feelin, wanting to give my ideas on the way things is settled in England, when a voice from the crowd hollers out, Chuck her out' in a shameful way, until I was obliged f to blush for em, and retire with Harris who had to see a friend as stood me just a nip of brandy in time to prevent me fainting away dead in his arms, but more anong as the French say from your ever devoted friend and pardner, SAIRAH GAMP. 