CORRESPONDENCE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ALBURY BANNER, SIB,—I crave space in the columns of J our valuable journal to correct some statements re the Berrigan busbfire, made by a correspon dent from Warmatta, whose letter appeared in the Banner of the 16th inst. After condemning the management of stations generally, and destroying the useless employes of Momolong, he proceeds to demolish the cook also, by accusing him of acting ac " boss" in the absence of the manager, and of sending two live sheep and flour to hungry men who were endeavouring to master tbe fire. Had the Warmatta correspondent enquired into the matter he could have ascer tained that the sheep and flour were sent only to supplement the supply ot cooked food left at an |employe's hut fourteen miles distant from tbe homestead, and a difficult point to reach with only a limited number ot handB, all of whom were of course employed at the fire. They (the sheep) were sent there by order of the overseer left in charge, aud not by tbe cook; and I am in a position to state that every effort was made by the cook to keep a supply of good food at all points of the fire, he having to work all night as well as in the day until the fires were mastered. In the Warmatta correspondent's string of complaints he laments the absence of stimulants. I have to inform him that the principle of leaving either the banking account or the whisky stock of the station to the indiscriminate control of all hands, has not been found to work advantageously on Momolong, so that the absence of the manager from home will sufficiently account for the absence of whisky from the fire. It has been noticed in this district for several years that if no whisky is given at a fire, the owner of the run has only one fire to deal with ; but if he has the misfortune to be liberal with stimulants at his first fire, be is never a season without two, and sometimes more of them. This is a strange fact, and 1 would earnestly commend it to the consideration of station-owners, regardless of what the correspondent referred to says about the necessity of tbe thing. Political feeling must be burning fiercely in the minds of the Berrigan selectors who, according to the Warmatta correspondent, though half-starved, remained iu groups after the fire was out, discussing annexation to Victoria, and agreed it was their only hope. Hunger and politics connected under such circumstances I do not understand. Trusting I have not trespassed on jour space too fir, I remain, yours, December 26. From the names in the new " New York Directory" it is estimated that tbe population ot the city is 1,600,000. VERITAS. 