ESSENCE OF EPHEMERIDES. The London Church Times, claims to be an infallible authority on the lawfulness of every illegal aot of Romish ritual within the Church of England. In its issue of October 26 lb, it speaks of Melbourne being in South Australia —a sample this of its accuracy on ail other points. Fortunately perhaps for Australia there is only one Canon Selwyn, and even he has his use. As an example of the unwisdom of ex changing King Log for King Stork, the temporary bishop of Newcastle Diocese ex- amplifies the danger of making some colonial clergymen bishops. The imported bishop is bad enough, but the native promises to be still worse. It iB said that the Synod of the Diocese of Newcastle baB been fixed for the exact date of the Church Congress in April next, for the puerile reason, that his temporary eminence was not consulted in a petty detail. What a pettifogging miserable excuse for a protem " Father in God." Tis quite grandmotherly. The petition for the extension of the rail way from Redfern to the waters of Sydney harbour, presented to the Legislative Assemb ly, by Mr. _G. H. Reid, contained 64,000 signa tures ; being twice as many as had been attached to the longest previous petition in that House, and having 20,000 more signa tures than were attached to the longest petition presented to the Victorian Assembly. The enormously lengthy petition was handsomely bound by Messrs. John Sands and Co. The Intercolonial amateur champion four- oared race, on the Parramatta River, last Saturday, resulted as wns expected in a win for the Victorian crew, stroked by Mr. G. F. Upward. The New Zealand crew pulled the leaders a good race and finished two lengths behind them. The New South Wales crew managed to secure third Dlace. Soma Hislannn behind, after a desperate straggle with the Tasmauian crew, whose boat was very nearly level with the New South Wales boat at the finish. The schooner Griffin, has brought 68 miners from Sudest to Cooktown, having botweon 700 and 800 ounces of gold amongst them. Many are suffering from fevor. It is said that in the main camp nearly every man is down with fever, and the island is practically worked out. Some report that it was a fair poor man's field if he could be satisfied with wages. The Lucy and Adelaide afterwards arrived from Sudest with 17 miners, and the reports agree that the field is worked out for Euro peans. Five noblemen declined the Governorship ot Queensland. Sir Thomas Mcllwraith, ex- ! premier of Queensland, seenus to have got his colony into bad repute. Probably the disin clination to accept the high post, would dis appear, if Sir Thomas M'H wraith were not premier. In a letter to the Times Sir H. A. Blake stated that the Parnellite sympathises of one of the Newfoundland Ministers never affected the official cordiality between the Minister and himself, nor did it lessen their mutual esteem, It was reported that he was to succeed Sir Hercules Robinson at the Cape, but he has denied that. It ia reported that, on retiring from the Governorship of the Cape, Sir Heroules Robinson will be elevated to the peerage. A London telegram of the 1st instant, announces that Baron do Worms, Under secretary for the Colonies, stated in the House of Commons, that the Chinese Exclu sion Acts passed by the Parliaments of New South Wales and New Zialand would be allowed to remain in operation, as it did not appear that the Acts came into conflict with the treaties existing between the British Government and China, nor the claims pnt forward by the Chinese Government. He also stated that pa-leying between the British Government and China, in relation to tho Chinese Exclusion Acts, was bemg continued. On Tueeday Mr. Thomas Walker, M.L.A., Member for Northumberland, ox- spiritualistic trance medium, but now seoularistic orator who says he disbelieves in spirits, moved the second reading of the Distress for Rent Abolition Bill. The main object mf the Bill was to abolish the preferential cla'm of the landlord for rent, ana to put him on the foot- sfins at /\4-ViOw TVf M Wf o llrni in nia platform style of spoech did not make the best of the case he had in hand. The bill was rejected by 27 to 11, and we believe wisely. The Primate, Bishop Barry, arrived in Sydney by train from Melbourne on Tuesday, and was welcomed and cheered by a large gathering of clergy and laity at the Redfern station. In the evening a thanksgiving ser vice was he'd in the Cathedral, and the bishop preached. The Governor and Lady Oarring- ton were among the large congregation. An address from the clergy wsb presented. It wbb noteworthy that there was no abjict unmanly kneeling of freemen on the road to hiss the Primate's hand, such as was performed by the Roman Catholic flock who gathered to welcome Cardinal Moran. By 27 votes to 11 the Legislative Assembly pass sd a bill introduced by Mr. O'Connor to give the citizsns of Sydney tho power to elect the Mayor. In committee an amendment was carried making the bill apply to next year and not to this. On Tuesday the Cabinet decided to recom mend to the Executive Council that Mrs. Cunynghame, superintendent of the Parra matta Asylum, be dismissed for negligence, and failing to perform her duties. She was appointed to the position in February 1876, and received a salary of £190 per annum with quarters. Mrs. Brooks has taken charge of the asylum since Mrs. Cunynghame'e suspen sion. At the Newington Asylum for women, a marked improvement has taken place since the substitution of Mrs. Murray (at one time uittuuu ui uoau tiuioa uj. xiuiuu xillitiU JCIOB- pital) for MrB. Hicks. r»m.i The Imperial Government lias adopted a smokeless powder for Bmall arms in the army. The late much wanted rains followed immediately after the prayers for rain in all the protestant churches. Mr. John G. Starr, who is connected with Messrs. Chaffey Brothers, is in Rockhampton, Queensland, with a view of founding an irrigation colony in the distriot similar to that at Mildura. From the files of the Singapore Free Press (aayB the S. M. Herald) it is learned that Mr. Towpsend, agent of the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank at Manila, was recently arrested by the Spanish authorities for some alleged systematic evasion of certain stamp regula tions of Manila. He was kept a weak under strict surveilance and was then released, the charges against him having been withdrawn. Mr. Town send claims damages, and his claim is strongly supported by the British Consul. Midshipman Heath of H. M. S. Nelson, whose death was announced in tho telegraphic news, was accidentally shot by a marine to whom he had given his gun to hold. As he was only a couple of yards off, the charge entered his body like a bullet, went through the liver, and he fall dead without a groan. This occurred while the Nelson was at the Dutch settlement of Koepang, in Timor. His body was buried in the Dutch cemetery, in the presence of all the Dutch officials. On Friday splendid rains fell in Sydney, and along the coast going inland, on that day or the next the welcome rain visited the greater part of the colony, filling dams, put ting out bushfires, and causing general rejoic ing. Unfortunately Bourke and Wilcannia and that district were unviBited. More rain is still required. Daring the last half-year the receipts of ffiA Mnnnh Mnromn fl-nlfl Mining amounted to £317,359, inoludiag a balance of £42,691 from the previous half- year. Divi dends amounting to £225,000 were paid during that time, and there is a balanoe of £15,496 to carry forward after the payment of all expenses. Show this paper to your friends and ask them to beepme subscribers. Help forward .its circulation and usefulness by all moanB in your power, and thereby strike a blow for ProteBtant truth. Lend it to Roman OatholicB. By 30 votes to 3 the Upper House has re jected the Payment of Members Bill, Messrs. SimpBon, Creed, and Stewart being the three who voted for it. From the speeches made on the question the House appeared to object to having had the bill sent up to them three times in a short space of time ; and desired a strong expression of the voice of the country in favour of the measure before passing it. Mr. Jacobs said that only 36 out of the 124 members in the Lower House had voted on the bill, 12 voting against it, whioh showed that hon. members were influenced either by fear or indifference. He did not think they were financially justified in adopting suoh ex penditure at present. Not 0 petition for the measure had been presented, and there was no laok of candidates fir parliamentary honours : indeed more came forward than were required. The nquatio carnival at Brisbane, began on Wednesday. In the first heat Matterson camo in first, Stansbury second, and M'Oleer, a local scullar, was some distance in the rear. Wain, another local man, fell out of his boat near Humbug Point, and swam ashore. Searlo, Kemp, Neilson, and Beaoh met in the- other heat. It resulted in the champion, Searle, coming in first, Kemp half a length behind, Neilson a length behind him, and Beach last, a length and a half behind Neilson. Probably the sonllers did not care to exert themselves, as all would have to row; again, in after heats, and tho first hent oould not affect the final result. Beaoh, Neilson, M'Oleer and Wain were to pull on Thursday, and the last two men will drop out of the contest altogether. The other six were to pull on Friday, and the final will be pulled, to-day, Saturday. The Singapore Free Press states that his Royal Highness the Landgrave of HeBse, who was a passenger from Batavia by the steamship Volga, disappenrsd mysteriously frnm flio ahm An mnminnf n-f tha llhh October, when in the vicinity of Muntok. He is supposed to have got through a porthole, as his servant was always on guard at tho cabin door. He was suffering from depres sion, caused by the excessive heat of Batavia. His suite, consisting of B irons von Hugo, von Trott, and von do Sshulendurz, returned from Muntok in the steamer to Bearoh for the body, but without eucceBS. Miss Essie Jenyns, the talented young actress, was married in St. Andrews Oatnedrau So large a crowd assembled to Bee the wed ding that the street was almost impassable, the cathedral was crammed. People pressed on the bride, who it is said noarly fainted in consequence. People Btood on the seats, pushed for a glimpse of her, and even in tho rudest way purposely touched her ; and the cathedral furniture was much damaged, and looked quite a wreck after the ceremony The crowd in the cathedral cheered whom she came from the veetry after the marriage. Altogether the building did not look like the house of God, nor the ceremony a solemn one before the Lord ; but the proceedings were a scandal and disgrace. Misb Jenyns married Mr. John R. Wood of Newcastle, a young gentleman who is said to have inheri ted £200,000 from his late father, on ooming of age. Mrs. Wood of course has retired from the stage. There was great interest taken in the debate in tho Victorian Assembly on the 27th. ult., when Sir Bryan O'Loghlan moved that the House support the position taken by the Uiuar uuiuuiQO| IU loioiuui/t? IU uwuguivunuu with their respective ministers before the appointment of governors, and 'dissents from the attitude of. the Victorian Ministry on the question. Several spoke in opposition to the motion, and the Premier replied to it amid cheers. Ho said that the . speeches showed that the great ma jority of the people of Victoria were' opposed to the motion. No high minded gentleman would submit to have his name submitted to the Premier of the day, though some gentleman who only desired the emoln- tions of office might do bo. He could under stand Sir Bryan O'Loglan'a views in a crown colony but not in a constitutionally governed ..colony. No governor had ever been sent whose appointment could have been challenged If the proposal were brought about it would be the most unfortunate thing that contd happen to a constitutionally governed colony. Only Messrs. Murphy and Murray voted with. Sir Bryan O'Loghlan, 59 voting against his motion. There was a scene of great excite ment and enthusiasm, the memberB cheered, and rose and sang the National. Anthem, tho strangers in the crowded gallery joining in. The Tenth Synod of tho " Old Catholics " assembled recently in Vienna. A service ftftpjx the new but incomplete ritual pf the " Olct Catholic" Ohuroii in tho surbnrban. Gorman Evangolical Chapel, and was well attended/ ' " Old Catholicism " would seem to bo gaining ground in the Austrian Empiro. There are at present 10,000 communicants, the majority of whom are Bohemians. The Synod rosolved to introduce in the various scattered congregations n uniform ritual and liturgy. The Ohuroh vest ments are- to . be, of the. plainest description. A resolution was passed to petition the Government",, through Parliament for a State-subvention. . A Bishop, says the correspondent of the Times, is to be appointed at the 'head of tho Austrian " Old Catholio" communities, an an -international com- uiuuiuu uui-weuu uis co-religionists or /auaona, ine Anglican High Ohuroh, and tho " Old Catholics " of Germany, is contemplated.- — Southern Cross. The average; watch (says a London papar) is composed of 175 different pieoes, compris ing upwards of, 2,400 separate and distinct operations in its" manufacture. Tae balance has 18,000 beats or vibrations per hour, 12,960,086 in 30 days, 157,680,000 in one year; it travels 1 43-100in. with each vibration, which is, equal to 94 miles in 24 hours, 292j miles in 30 days, or 3,558 miles in one year. 