THE CLARENDON-WANTABAD- GERY FIRE. (Br One Who Was These.) An extensive bosh-fire broke oat near the boundary of the Waintabadgery and Dollar-Vale estates on the morning of Monday, the 30th ult. A number of willing hands mustered in very quick time to the scene of the conflagration, but notwithstanding all their efforts a considerable time had elapsed before the fire was got undw. At nightfall, whin about fifty men had assembled, the flames were subdueJ. The hills around were lit up by 10,000 fires,,as if.in commemoration of the "centenary" ofonr great and glorious colony. Watch was kept on the fire, which, though extinguished as far as the. grass was concerned, biased from trees and logs till morning, when an attempt to quench . a quantity of the burning debris on the edges'of the fire was made; but while this was going on a spark was blown beyond the trail into the adjoining grass, which immediately ignited, and in spite of most determined resistance on the part of those who were watching, outwitted "human strength, and roared and raved along at a pace that would easily beat Grand Flaneur's record for the Melbourne Cop. All hopes of overpowering " Blue Blazes" were now abandoned, and the plucky fellows who worked so well for a time now begun to " cave." Meanwhile the day had advanced into evening, and one by one fresh men were putting in an appearance until between 40 and 50 had arrived, when another attempt to burn a trail was made. Eagerly everyone watched the process. In half an hour's time the roaring flames were silenced to a very great extent. Eveiyone looked at oae another with the sweet and triumphant 6mile of victory lurking about his face. There was time to draw one's breath; but lo 1 how uncertain are the pleasures of this world 1 One glance behind to that portion of the fire which was left in comparative safety, revealed how futile were all our endeavors. A terrific whirlwind broke out on the extreme edge of the fire, and whirled along into the un burnt grass, causing the flames to ascend to the height of 20ft. A race for life was now begun, but fortunately the whirlwind altered its course into the ground which was already, burnt, and without ranch difficulty the fresh fire which it caused was beat out. This was no sooner accomplished than a terrible sound, as if the trump had been sounded for the last time, broke on the gallant band of workers. It was not thunder, for there were no clouds in the sky. My theory is that it was caused by electricity, as it, strange to say, like its predecessor, started on the edge of the fire and passed along, lighting the grass as it went, till it came to a dam, on whose water it had the strangest effect I ever witnessed. The moment it struck the water the fluid rose in the shape of a tube about 8ft. high, ejecting smoke as it whirled around till it came to the opposite bank, in which it disappeared. After this strange occurrence no fresh outbreaks took place, and the fire, after destrojing about 4000 acres of grass, was.pnt out. Hdw it was started no one exactly knows, bat this is certain—carelessness had jnore to -with it than anything else 