NEW SOUTH WALES. The report of the Commissioner of Sail ways for 1887 Ehows that the gross earnings exceeded those of the previous year by £48,000, the increase in net earnings being £83,000. After paying all working expenses the lines returned 2*96 per cent, towards the interest on the outlay for construction. The total railways in operation at the end of the year represented 2,036 miles, constructed at a cost oi £26,532,122. An animated debate took place in the Assembly on July 23 on the action of the Government in agreeing to pay Mr. Bailey, formerly editor of Bailey's Sydney News, Sydney, for a series of lectures on the colony in England. The appointment was denounced as disgraceful and diihonourable, it being alleged that as Mr. Bailey was adjudged guilty of fraud in connection with a recent insolvency, he was unfit to represent the colony, and members threataned to block the Appropriation Bill till the item was struck out. The Premier (Sir H. Parkes)' declared that he knew little of Mr. Bailey ; but the lecture, which was trustworthy, and would be delivered in the agricultural districts of England, would tend to attract desirable colonists. A horrible accident occurred at the Vale Colliery, Iithgow. Joseph Hall was engaged in shunting coaltrucks when he was caught and pinned between two buffers. The lower part of the body was crushed almost to pulp. Ten Chinese, who were arrested for gambling in a houBe in Lower George-street, have been fined from £3 to £50 each. Large bushfires raging in the Ulawarra district have burnt out several settlers. ! Parliament was prorogued on July 24 until August 28. . { $|The Maritime Labour Council is still agi tating against Chinese labour;' and -has adopted an uncompromising attitude towards at least two of the large Steamship Compa nies, whose vessels are engaged in the China and Australian trade. .. ': '' ' . Mrs. Collins, who was arrested on suspi cion of poisoning her husband at Botany, has been committed for trial. ? ? ? .?'?;, 