AGRICULTURAL NOTES Harvest is drawing very nearly to a conclu sion, even in tho latest districts, and reports continue to vary as tlioy liavo from tho begin ning, bat tbero scorns no reason for altering tho estimate of . tho yiold we formed a month ago. Some good yields of oats' haTc been ob tained in the Colac district, averaging on seven farms from 26 to 50 bushels por acre. Ia the neighborhood of Lancefield oao barloy crop reached 60 bushels por acre, l'oas are also well cropped, 40 bushols having been obtained. Potatoes aro a good crop nearly everywhere, but the price is so low thnt somo growers are disinclined to dig them. Young locusts aro growing and oxtendiug their ravages, eating up the grass and destroying the contents of the gardens as thoy go ; in somo places the ground is said to ho black with them. Queensland rats have reached Victoria ; sovoral havo been seen in tho north-west, l'leuro pneumonia linshnadc its appearance in the parishes of Hlupna, Yielima and Yalca, where the stock inspector hns made au examination of somo of the animals affected and ordered their destruction, while others are being carefully watched, numerous bush ffros luivo occurred, some of them of a serious oxtent. The ground in the Moorabool Valley was covered with a white frost on the 2nd inst. Hop picking has commenced in one or two places, hut it is only of tho earliest variety, tho kinds generally grown are not ready, nnd pick ing is not likoly to bo general'till tho. ond of the month. The early varieties are generally difficult to secure. ' Mr. Landy, Briagolong, who has a few acres of tho earliest sort, has been picking for more than a week, and tho crop promises well ; whilo the general crop promises better than for many years past. Fine weather has boon experienced in Now South Wales, and in many places rain would now be welcome to counteract the destructive influence of tho hot winds. The drought is, however, not general, rain having fallen at Wilcannia and various other places. The weather has been upon tho whole favorable for harvesting and a considerable portion will bo saved, hilt it is said (he general results will prove only moderate. The harvest near Albury has turned out poor. In the maizo districts rain is. much Wanted; though on the. Rich mond River pulling of the early varieties has commenced. Grass is drying up ia many- places, and serious bush Arcs are reported from Wagga aud many other quartors. Grass aud wator arc, howovor, gonerally ploutiful. Further reports on the crops in South Aus tralia are still favorablo. Tho weather having been fine of late, stripping is finished, though much grain has been lost through tho farmers having waited for snitablo woathor for stripping instead of having the crops cut. It is said that iu a groat many instances fanners had their hopes of a good harvest, which wcro strong at the commencement of tho season, rndely dispelled, and havo not reaped one-fourth of what thoy expected to do. Somo complain that thoir losses amount to 12 bnshcls por acre, which might havo been saved by using tho string reaper and binder. At Olpddio ono farm of 900 acres ' gave only 47 bags.- At other places satisfactory yiolds have been secured. Tho vrcatbe'r . in Queensland is reported as having bocu liot, closo nnd tropical during last, week. Ho sensational falls of raia have occurred, but showers nnd thuuderstorms have boon re ported daily in some part or other of tho colony. The most rain has fallen over the Cape York peninsula. Local disturbances nnd light to heavy rain have occurred iu the central Western districts. Tho highest shade temperature at Brisbane has averaged about 85 deg. ; in the wostern interior (Cloucurry) about 105 deg. In Brisbane the nights and early mornings were generally cool and pleasant. Harvesting is nearly over i u tho earlier districts of Tasmania and threshing lias comineuccd ; it is found, that the wheat is hardly yielding up to expectations, the dry. weather lias caused the grain lo be rather small, though the quality is good. A variety of wheat called the Brcmar is a favorite with farmers, though it i3 liablo to be much affected with black balls. Oats in the late districts are showing an unusual quan tity ot. smut. Iieporls; of the : crops in New Zealand aro slill. of ;a favorable character. Heavy rains fell in the Canterbury district: towards: tho end of January; which: wore 'of- great benefit to' all ihat w'ere not fully ripo; though many of ' tho crops had becn injurcd hy storms. On heavy wet laud tho wheat is light, but good on the light lands and the averngo is reckoned at 24 bushels per ncro.v Oats tiro: estimated to yiold 28 bushels and barloy 27 bushols per aero. In North Otago the crops, it is said, have never looked so : promising. Thcro are some very heavy crops of grass seed and white clover. Opinions differ regarding the introduction ot ferrets to the colony, a writer in the Otago If'i'inesssays : — " Tho actions of inspectors in turning loose ferrets and weasels to destroy the rabbits should bo protested against. That these forocious little animals havo a greater teste for poultry than rabbits is being evinced in numerous cases, and this district ha3 shown many examples of the destructiveness of the ferret lately. They are being constantly caught in traps sot for rabbits, and at robbing hen roosts and removing young ducks they are perfect oxports." I . . The unfavorable weather preceding and during the course of harvest has caused other losses to farmers besides the loss of the grain itself, horses that have been turned into stubbles where much whent was shaken out having suffered. Cases of founder aud inflammation among the horses are quite comrnou about Minmindie, in the Kcrang district, arising from the animals getting too much wheat, of which, it is reported, one-third was lost in somo of the paddocks. Wo stated last week that as tho other colonics had removed the prohibition against the importation of cattle and sheep from abroad, it was folt to houseless for Victoria to relain it, and that,' consequently, the Minister of Lands had decided to remove the restrictions hitherto ' enforced.- Mr. "Dow, accordingly, brought the subject boforo tho Cabinet on Tuesday, when tho Executive Council formally authorised the abolition of the regulations. A deputation, headed by Dr. Quick, M.L.A., and Mr, D. C. Sterry, M.L.C. , president of tho Bcndigo Agricultural and Horticultural Society, waited upon Mr. Dow, the Minister of Lands, on Tuesday morning to urge that tho National Agricultural Show should be held at Sandhurst this year. It was pointed out that it was seven years since the show had been held at Sandhurst, and there was au under standing come to last year that that dis trict would receive favorablo consideration this year. Attention was also drawn to the fact that since the show had been last held on the Sandhurst grounds the sum oi £3700 had been cxponded on them, nnd they afforded as good accommodation as could be found else where in the colony. Mr. Dow said that the show bad beau already held on two occasions at Sandhurst, namely, in 1876 and 1882, and. tho question arose whether some locality which had not previously been favored should not now havo the preference. Applications had been received from various places in connection with the. matter ; but the request of the deputation would receive careful consideration, and a decision would bo arrived at withiu eight or ten days. Somo time ago tho Water Supply depart ment invited compotition nmougst tho irriga tors of tho colony by offering prizos to the amount of £150 for llio host irrigated farm, and host variety of irrigated crops in tho colony, a first nnd second prize of £50, and £25 to be awarded in oach class.' The judges, Mr. X. K. Dow, of Melbourne, and Mr. T, G. -Pearce, of Bacchus Marsh, have finishod their tour of inspection and made tho following awards For tho best irrigated farm the first prize winner is Mr. Daniel Viucc, of Essex Farm, Bridgawatcr-on-Loddon, with Mr. W. J. W. Patchell, of Kcrang, second, In this scction tbc judges commend Mr. T. J. M'Cann, ot Bupanyup, for his woll laid out system of irrigation channels, and lor. his enterprise in making, an early trial of irrigation in the Wiin- mern District ; Messrs. J. and R. Cochrane, ot Bairnsdnlc, for thoir admirablo system of distributing water in porous soil by moans of calico hosing where surfaco flooding is not practicable ; and Mr. Wo. Pnttison, of Fcrnio- hurst for his oxcollent pumping plant nnd effective system of flood gates. In this class there were 9 competitors. For tho best irri gated crops 5 competed," the first prizo boing awarded to Mr. John West, of Mooroopna, and tho second prizo to Mr. David Milburn, of Keilor. A description of tho first prize farm by our agricultural reporter appears iu this week's issue. It must bo credited to tho goneral prosperity of the working classes that lubor has been so scarco in nearly all parts of the colony during the time of harvost ; we hsar that in the rich country around Dean, Newlyn and Mouut Prospect there has been a great scarcity of labor, and the farmers nnd their families havo had- to do almost tho wholo of the work of har vesting. In the neighborhood of Spring Hil' also harvest men havo been in great demand, but very few were obtainable, and these cculd almost onsure their own terms, refusing to engage under 7s. per day, with, of course, hoard and lodging. It seems somewhat anoma lous that at one time of tho year meu cannot find employment, and at another employers cannot obtain men. Of course, during harvest time a large number of extra hands are required throughout tho country, but in tho present mode of cropping the land farmers do not require many hired men tho year round. A farmer with ono or two sons can manage tho work of a considerable area of land between ono harvest and the next, and as that is the season when employment of othor kinds is easily obtained,- the majority of workmen do not care to become swagsmen tiud travel the country in search of a job, even though they might obtain a slight increase of pay. It is also complained that foiv of the men who aro available arc qualified for country work ; tho reason of which is, it may be supposed, that only a small pro portion of immigrants have been used to coun try work, and of these, land being so easily obtained here, the greater part themselves become landowners. Some of the farmers in tho neighborhood of Byaduk, in the tVostern district, have been gricvons sufferers from bush fires. Several of them applied to the Dundas 6hire council for reduction or remission of rates, but tho mem bers of tho council seem to be very chary in agreeing to the requests. It appears that the valuations were made recently under very favor able circumstances, but since then the value of various properties has beou reduced almost to nothing. Oae man statos that he had lost all but his houso by the fire, and, moreover, stock belonging to others were trespassing on hi3 laud. Two brothers reported that the fire had cleared their holding of fencing, crop, grass and outbuildings, their dwelling houso and garden only remainiug. Mr. Mclvillo, a largo ratepayer, stated that he was a direct loser to the extent of 14 miles of fencing, tho greater portion being boundary fencing along roads, also drafting yards and about 2300 acres of grass. He will also ho a great loser indirectly from loss of stock straying aud tho trespass of strange stock; he also requested loavo to erect some swing gates to prevent his stock from straying. Notwithstanding the urgency of these cases, and the fact that the Local Govern ment Act empowers the council, on the com plaint of any person liable to tho payment of any rate, to remit or excuse the payment thereof on account of the poverty of the person liable to pay tho same', the council deforred the consideration of the cases for two months. Statements have appeared in the country press to tho . effect that owing to tho pressure of ' the grain traffic on the re- sourcos - of the Bailway department a suf ficiency of trucks for timber or coal carriage has not been available for some days, iu con sequence of which uo less than soveu mining companies at Sandhurst were nenrly forced to temporarily suspend operations. Tho Bailway Commissioners however state that whilst tho trucks allotted to tho timber and coal traffic havo been so far as possible limited to absoluto requirements, the claims made upou the depart ment by consignors have been met. Oa 3rd inst, for instance, thcro were no fewer than 39 trucks on tho main line laden with timber for Sandhurst district, aud 15 more wcro loading at Lcichardt, Derby and othor places for tlie same destination. Tho commissioners further deny tho truth of the statement that instruc tions havo been forwarded to the traffic authorities at Sandhurst asking them to send all " empties-' to Melbourne. The steamship Port Pirie brings out 160 sheep from Vermont, United States of America. They consist of 39 rams and 121 ewes, and aro statedjto bo in better condition than on the day they were shipped. The consignment is for Mr. Samuel M'Conghey, of Now South Wales. The vine growers of Geetong are feeling aggrieved that no one in their district has been appointed to the Board of Viticulture. The Association held a mooting on tlio 2nd inst., at which the subject was discussed and somo astonishment was ovincod, mingled with not a little indignation that Mr. Dow had made such an omission, especially while men who were not vine growors, and; as was said, had no qualifications for tho position, had been choson. The following resolution, moved by Mr. Adcock, and seconded by Mr. King, was unanimously passed : — " Tliat the attention of tho Minister of Agriculture bo drawn to the ovorsight iu not having given tho Gee- long Vino and Fruitgrowors' Association a representative on tho Board of Viticulture, and this meeting respectfully requests that tho omission may bo remedied." It was also unanimously agreed, on the motion of Mr, Milea, seconded by Mr. H. L. M'Leod — "That, contingent on tho Minister of Agriculture favorably considering the foregoing resolution, this meeting would respectfully recommend tho appointment of Mr. Chas. Craike as a member of tho Viticulture Board." Mr. Craike briefly thanked the meeting for tho confidence displayed in him. It was further resolved, on the motion of tho president, seconded by Mr. Deppoler, that the secretory should forward copios of tho resolutions lo the Minister for Agriculture and to tho Parliamentary representatives of the dis-' trict; the latter being asked to support the claims of the association. ' Humorous complaints haro reached" as from selectors regarding the delay caused by Govern-., mont in getting possession of the land. One of the apparently worst casc3 of which wo have heard comes from tho Little Yaria district, of which a large .portion has been recently selected. The selectors Have paid their survey fees, but are debarred from, doing 'anything'' on their. land for tho simple.rcason that they do' not know where their lhn&'isaejt'has not. at yet becn'survcyed; and through this thoyihavs lost two seasons. Owing to tho incorrcctucsi' of the country.'maps,- intending seloctors apply! for a certain block- of land which, 'on surrey' being made, proves to be perhaps' a:milo away' from tho land they wanted, nnd consequently ic many cases, they rather lose the survey fees than go on with it. v ' It appears that organised firemen are wanted in the country as well as in towns. Tlie Byaduk! correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator says i ' — " It may not be. out of place to note .that /in ! cases of bush_fire — or at any rate in most cases . — very much more effectual work might K ' done were men at the outset, of the .coufiagra- ; tions to form organised bands with rccogu'iscd . leaders, who should havo complete control ov.ei ' the workers, telling each man off for certain"' duties. Experiences go to show that where no such organisation exists the utmost confusion ensues, and any. amount of willing strength is iu a manner wasted, simply from not knowing whore to go to and what to do. An impromptu brigade of a few men properly haudled would do more service than five times the numbei running hither and thither with no settled plan of campaign. " Messrs. Itichard Gibson and Co. advertise the dispersion of Mr. Henry Stevenson's well known celebrated Niddrio Herd of pure Short horn and Ayrshire cattle. A clearing sale will ba hold early in April, of which full particular will bo given in future advertisements. There can be no dcubt that if occupiers of laud would take the trouble they might, if not clear out the locusts altogether, at least lessen their uumbers to a very great extent. At instance is reported whero Mr. James Hutchings, ot Green's Creek, has set anexamplo that every one should follow. Ho ascertained that the breeding grounds are hard, dry, elevated patches, perfectly free from grass or othor vege tation; and ean be seen some 10 chains distant. On these patches, one or more of which are to bo found on evory holding, the locusts bore holes and deposit their eggs. After a period ol threo weeks the young ones appear, and now is tho time that steps should be taken to destroy them. Mr. Hatchings, when ho ascertained the patch in wh'.ch the eggs had been deposited, spread straw over the ground, and at the end ol about three weeks tho young ones commenced . to make their appearance.. They, came up .to" the top of- the straw, and, being unable to fly or hop much, they were destroyed in millions when the straw was fired. The monthly meeting of the committee o\ ' the Ballarat Agricultural and Fastoral Society .1 was hold on Saturday last, when it was decided : toehold the sheep show daring tho week follow- . . ing that of tho Melbourne show, about 5th o> \ 6 th September, and a sub-committeo w ' appointed -to draw up a prize list. The follow ing donations were handed in for prizes at th Show : — Hon. P. Bussell, £50 ; Messrs. Mac- Pherson and Bath, £10 10s. each ; and Messrs, Lewis and G. Bussell 5 guineas each. The Ballan Shire Agricultural and Pastoral Society's show wili be hold at Ballan on the 1st of March, for horses, cattle, sheep, swine, poultry, farm, dairy and garden produce, imple ments, machinery, fancy needlework, &c.; There will be an exhibition of a hand cream separator, to which Mr. D. Wilson has kindly premised to attend. Entries will be reccivod at the shire hall, Ballan, up to 23rd February, aud at the show yards on the morning of the show on payment of late entrance fee. The annual meeting of the Coleraine Pastoral and Agricultural Society was held oa tho 1st . iust. The report stated that the shows ha been unusually successful ; the shcop dogs aud the shearing matches proved a source of.... great interest to the public. The balance shoe! showed receipts for tho year £456, aud expen diture £420 Is. 7d., which together with at overdraft at bank at commencement of the year, £99 9s. 7d., makes up a total of £519. lis. 2d., to disburse. This liability is reduced by the year's proceedings by £36 4s.. 5d., showing a balance now duo bank of £63 5s. 2d. The amount received from Government as subsidy lor ."tho. " past year is £181 17s. This sum iueludcs'u suin. - of £16 14s. 7d. , being the amount gmuted 16 pay a sum- of £40 due from the previous year. The claim this year is £197 lis. 6d. The number of subscribing members enrolled during the past year is 85, subscribing a sum of £94 10s. Last year's roll showed 71 members, producing £101 17s. Mr. A, TurubuH was rc-elccted presidont, Messrs. B. Oliver and James Fcrrim vice- presidents, Mr, h. Wills secretary am treasurer. It was agreed that it is desirable U havo a larger show ground. Farmers are complaining of the disparity it the railway charges between hay and chaff ; the rates fromCampordown are 15s. the ton for chaff, whilo for hay tho charge is £3' per truck of 2 tons, which is just double. Certainly a greale: weight of chaff than of hay cau bo loaded ou i truck, hut hay cannot occupy donble tho spaci required by chaff, and as those sending hay ti market are thus placed at a disadvantage, (lit matter ought to be at once brought uuder th, notice of the Commissioners with a view ti the rates "being moro nearly equalised; The" success which has attended the few cheese factories that have been started in the colony/appears likoly to lead to an immediate increase in their number, and as a. consequence to an'improvemsnt in Ute condition of tho farm-. lag community. The surprising statement is made that the recently established factories at Newbridge and Bridgewater are paying omething like 60 per cent, interest on tbe capital invested, and, however in credible it may appear to some minds, it is evident that they must be doing well, even allowing for a large amount of exaggeration, and will certainly incite other farmers to go and do likewise ; for even if the profits were only a fraction of what they are represented to be, it would still be a better paying business . than that of continuous wheat culture. Dairy- ; ing is a business specially adapted to country that can by: irrigated, for there cattle food of various kiiu can be produced in quantity at all seasons, and tbere is little risk of the busi ness being overdone, both batter and cheese being exportable commodities. As to the latter, it may he said that it is a year's supply behind the home demand, as there is scarcely a bit of cheese to be got but what is so yonng and soft that it is hardly St to he brought to table. It is said that the farmers at Mount Prospect are discussing a proposal to establish a cheese factory in th t district. It may be supposed that a demand for nn- fermented wine would arise in the colony, where tbere are so many abstainers from in toxicating liquors, provided a supply could be offered at a moderate rate ; and it appears that this is likely to take place, as, according to report, Mr. S. M-Wiiliatns, of Corowa, as the resnlt of a series of experiments, intends devoting a large portion of this year's vintage to the manufacture of nnfermented wine. The manner in which a few bottles made last year have retained their quality has iadnced him to go into the business on a larger scale, and he intends to tarn oat at least 1000 bottles this season. Only a portion of this number is intended for sacramental uses, as the sale of wine for this purpose is necessarily only limited. Mr. M'Williatn seeks rather to manafactore a light and palatable beverage suitable for tbe use of abstainer.-, and with this object will mainly use the lighter sorts of grapes, such as Chasselas and Reisling. It is expected that once the initial difficulties arc Overcome there will be plenty of safe for such a beverage as Mr M' William proposes. The Centennial Agricultural Show in Sydney la not flattered by the local agricultural journals. The Town and Country says : — "There was one portion of the Centennial Celebrations, and that the most expensive of all, which, if properly carried ont by competent people, at a fitting season of the year, would unquestionably have given practical evidence of the enormons material progress of New South Wales since 1788. That was the exhibition conducted by the Agricultural Society. As a matter of fact, however, that exhibition, thanks to the blundering, and the obstinacy, and the incompetency, of the council of the society and all concerned in the administration ot the show, has simply left a most shameful and discreditable record of what New South Wales was, and what she could do in the way of an exhibition of her great industries after a life of 100 years. Des pite the fact that they knew January to ho a most unseasonable time for holding a show, tho members of tho council of the society in sisted upon holding the show at that time, and in a cowardly way tried to shift the blamo on to tho shoulders of the Premier. They grumbled at the £7000 granted by tbe Govern ment, and expended £4000 of it on permanent improvements in their ground, especially on an enormous grand stand, not rcqnisito for the Centennial show, but affording a most profit able source of future revenue when tho ground is let for race, athletic and other meetings. These things being done, the show was other wise permitted to take caro of itsolf. Such exhibits as came forward were scattered abont without any view to organisation or arrange ment. Judges did not know where to look for exhibits on whose merits they had to docide, and missed many of them. And judges were, in not a few instances, appointed to give opinions about classes of exhibits of which they knew nothing." An agricultural conference was held in Sydney during the centennial week, when it was agreed that a Uuited Agricultural Socioties' Association bo formed, and that tho delegates present form themselves into 6uch association, to be known as tho New South Wulcs Agri cultural Societies' Union. The union to bo formed for the purposo of united action by nil the socioties of New South Wales for the further development of tho agricultural, pas toral, and horticultural industries, and of encouraging a correspondence and friendly Intercourse among tho societies of the colony, and with kindred institutions in other conntrios EE d in tho neighboring colonics. Tho union v© consist of all societies contributing annually A sum of £ — (to be fixed by delegates). Tho society to bo managed by a council of members to be elected annually by delegates from' each society who shall have joined the union, and who shall have not less than 100 'paid' up members, tho first council to be elected by tho delegates now pre sent in Sydney, and to remain in office till tho next annual meeting. Each society which lias joined tho union shall at tlio gcucral meeting of tho union bo repre sented by ouo dologate. Tho annual meetings to beheld in Sydney at the time of (ho New South Wales Agricultural Society's show. At the annual meeting of delegates the election of council shall be by ballot. Nominations of candidates for conncil to bo sent to tho secretary of the Now South Wulos Agricultural Socioties' Union not later thnu one month before the Annual meeting. Notice of any alterations of, or additions to, the rules of the union must be notified to the secretary two months before the annual meeting. The conncil shall be the mediutn of communication between the societies. and the Government in reference to aH matters of general concernment and all other matters which shall be referred to them by the societies. A traveller from New Zealand, who has been through Tasmania, says there are 2000 acres of the Californian thistle in that island. He speaks of the Cambridge district, near Hobari, where the pest has there taken possession of paddock after paddock, cover ing more than 700 acre3 iu one block. This land is good in quality and at one time ranked amongst the best wheat lands of the southern pcrtion of the island. It is now com paratively worthless. Fanners are advised that the way to get rid of them is to go over the ground and cnt them once a week. The Government is now taking stringent measures for the eradication of the pest The following report oa the discreditable condition of the grounds of the Sonth Austra lian Royal Agricultural and Horticultural Society is given by a correspondent of tbe Adelaide. Observer. He says: — "Of all the wretched and neglected looking places I have ever seen these grounds would beat them. The tumble down entrance gate5, the hovels of ticket boxes, the backs of which are used as closets ; smashed windows, the dirty condition of tbe main bailding, cattle peas fall of filth, sheep pens holding old straw and rubbish, which have evidently not been cleaned or tonched since tbe last show ; gas fittings torn down and lying about, tbe lamps stnek on the tops of rough pieces of gam inno cent of a touch of paint, gates thrown off their hinges and lying on the ground, top rails palled down and used for see-saws by larrikins, speak for themselves. It seems as iliongh the authorities who ran the shows have never spent a penny on the grounds or planted a single tree." It is stated that the society is anxious to obtain tbe Exhibition grounds. It is a great mistake, says the European Hail, for Ansiraliau vignerons to ship their wine too yonng. At the present moment (end of December), for want of matnrity, there are 100 casks of wine lying in bond in Londou from one of the best known Australian vineyards. The wine merchants on this side, to whom it is consigned, refused the shipment, as the wine is as sour as it can be. That is but one instance of the want of judgment shown by growers on tbe other side. It is to be hoped that the sour staff — tho good wine spoiled by the voyage — will not find its way to the London market, as snch a sale of discredited wine is calculated to discourage the advances of the Home public towards colonial viticulture. In consideration of the number of species of insect pests with which farms and gar dens are infested, and tho enormous loss and damage they cause, it seems high time for the Government to pay some attention to the sub ject, and cither appoint a Government entomo logist or take other strps towards, at any rate, a redaction of the evil. In all, or nearly all, other countries where population aud cultiva tion are equal to, or larger than iu this, State entomologists are appointed, whose business it is to instruct cultivators as to the names, nature, mode of reproduction, &c.;, of insects, as well as the best means to be taken for their eradication. But here even an inquiry into the subject is nobody's business. Vie have professors at the University for teaching tho names and other particulars relating to insects, but no public advantage appeors to result. Tho members of tho Field Naturalists' Club make largo and interesting exhibitions of insects, but little benefit is derived by cither farmers or gardeners, for tho means of getting rid of noxious insects does not appear to form a portion of their curriculum. A commencement was indeed mado in 1874 by Mr. A. R. Wullis, tho then Secretary for Agriculture, who inserted in his annual report for that year an excellent article oa tho timber destroying, or longicorao beetles, by Mr. Charles French, an indefatigable entomologist. The object Mr. Wnllis had ia view was to make a commence ment towards tho investigation of this vast and interesting, not to say useful, field of research, for tho purposo of giving results to thu world. The subject was, however, soon dropped, and remains in abeyance to the present day. Now that tho hop picking season has arrivol, it would he interesting and might bo useful if some of the growers would try experi ments with tho bines regarding tho value of the fibre they contain, which, Baron von Mueller 6ays, can be made into cords and paper, for it seems a pity that valuablo material should bo lost. It is also stated that a Sacramento botuaist, a gontlomaa thoroughly conversant with tho properties of fibrous plants, and one who has made tho subject of jute a study, says thut the hep bines, which aro considered worth less, are of much moro value for textile fabrics than the jute imported from India. . Ho claims that burlaps m ido from hop bines would ho of great strength and durability, aud for gruin bags would almost bo indestructible. Tho Warruuook correspondent of a country contemporary writes: — " Several here have been trying artificial manures, but tho result is not at all up to the mark. This crabholey, clayey sort of ground docs not tako kindly to tho rnanurcB used. Tho ground being full of lime, no doubt a chemical actiou takes pluco, which neutralises the fertilising powers of tho inauure, aud b'onco tho poor result." Now that au agri cultural chemist has been appointed by Govern ment mainly for the purposo of enlightening farmers as to the quality of their soil, aud tlio kiud of manure applicable to particular varieties cr formations, it seems an unwise proceeding to use expensive artificial manures without know ing exactly the effect they would produce, as has evidently beea the case ia the aboie instances, the probability being that the land already con tained a sufficient amount of the constituents of the substances applied, while it wasdeScient in others that were not provided. 