FIRE NEAR WOODSlDE. An inquest was held on Tuesday, the 17th inst., by Mr. J. C. F. Lauterbach, J. P., and a jury of seven, of which Mr. Moses Topham was foreman, at Murdoch's Hill, on a bushiire which on the previous Sunday destroyed fencing, firewood, and pasture on the proper- ties of Messrs. W. Trenoweth and W. F. Hughes. The following evidence was given :— W. Trenoweth.—Am owner of the paddock in which fire started on Sunday morning last. First saw it about 11 a.m. Assisted with , several others to put it out. By jury—Can give no reason for cause of fire. Did not know of any fires being lit for cooking purposes in my paddock. Saw no one about on that morn ing. By police—Estimate damage at £1 2s. fid. Knew W. Surridge and his two sons were cutting wood in the paddock. If lie lit a lire lie did so without my consent or knowledge. Would not allow him light a fire if I knew it. Heard or saw nobody shooting on Sunday. Saturday was very hot, and Sunday morning was very hot and wi..dy. Jane Adelaide Trenoweth.—-Am wife of last witness. J. Morcom told me about 10 a in. last Sunday our paddock was oil lire. Saw nobody about that morning. The boys Sur ridge Came for water to our house. Offered them hot water $ they refused and said they were drinking oatmeal water. Did not know they Were lighting fires to boil waler. Gave them no consent to do so. Don't know what part of the paddock fire staitcd in. Can't say whether the Surridges smoke. By police— Heard nobody shouting on Sunday. Albert Surridge is the boy's name who refused the hot and ajjoko about drinking the oat meal. Understood by this that no fires to make tea were lit in the paddock. Surridges usually camo for water about noon, 'i'licy ; were working about i mile from our house.! Saturday was hot, and Sunday morning was ] very hot and wiudy. j John Mercom.—J3aw fire about 10.15 a.m.' ■Oil Sunday in Mr. Trenoweth's paddock. 'Told his wife, and helped to beat it out with several ethers. Saw nobody there when £ came. Mr. Avery Came shortly after and helped. It was ] burning towards Mr. Hughes' paddock. We 1 beat it out on the lee side. Don't ktioW where it started. Could not see for smoke. Think it was in one of the little gullies in Mr. Xrc- 1 nowetU's paddock. By police—I think I was the first at the fire. Got there between 10 and 11. There Were about two acres of grass burned when £ cauie. The fire had burned roilnd the places where 1 understand Surridge lit his fires. Saturday was very warm, and Sunday was Very hot and windy. Richard Avery .-—Saw fire on Sunday and assisted with others to put it out. Morcom was the first I saw there. Have no idea when or how it started. It was burning against tiu wind and in the gullies where 1 uuderstand Surridge lit his fires. Believe it had not reached Mr. Hughes' paddock when I arrived. Believe it did not originate in Hughes' pad dock. By police—Saw sites of fires said to be \ lit by Surridge. They were Covered over with earth. Am of opinion that carlh put over ] fires would have the effect of keeping embers alight. Don't think covering over fires with earth has the effect of extinguishing the embers. Such is not the best method of put ting out fires. Believe I Vie quantity of earth and dirt which I was shown was not quite sufficient to put the fires out. Saturday and Sunday were very hot days. Albert Surridge, aged 14 years.—Was cut ting wood last Saturday with my father and ! brother in Mr. Trenoweth's paddock. Was speaking to Mrs. Trenoweth about 11 o'clock that day. She offered me hot water to make tea, but 1 didn't accept it. Saw my father J light a fire that day to boil the billycan. We left off* work about 5 o'clock. We used to light a fire every day. My father always cleared the ground before lighting tliem, except where there was green grass. By jury—Told father Mrs. Trenoweth offered me hot water. The fires were out each day about 2 o'clock. Saw on Sunday where we lit the lire on Satur day % it was not hot. Helped to put fire out en Sunday. By police—The fire which was lit on Saturday was not. covered over with earth. My father threw no water on it. He does not always cover over the fires 5 I do it sometimes. He said he'd boil his own water when I told him Mrs. Trenoweth offered me hot water. Saw father light a fire on Satur- i day. He did not clear any grass around it; the grass was green. Saw. father light a fire ] on Friday ana one ott Thursday last in Mr. Trenoweth's paddock. The billycans (pro duced) are those we used for boiling the water. < There is a lot of dry and green limber near where he lit the fires. He did not clear more than three round them. Lit fires in threo | different places on those days. Thursday's : fire Was lit about a chain from the wheat pad- i dock. We could get water within 200 yards of where We were working. Reuben Surridge—Was working on Satur day with my father and brother Albert. It was about 11.30 a.m. when iny father lit the fire that day. Did not see him light it, I know he lit it as there was no fire in the morning. Saturday was very hot. Mr. Trenoweth did not offer me any hot water 011 Saturday. Was working with my father 011 Friday last. He lit a fire near a dry stump 011 the rise that day. Did not clear more than 3 or 4 feet. He also lit a fire < Thursday near the wheat paddock. Can't J tell the distance. There were heaps of drv and green wood lying about when the fires were lit. We took no notice on Saturday as j the grass was green. Cleared no space. Put no earth nor water on the fire. Was not burning when we knocked off at 5. Pat it out about a quarter of an hour after it was lit. The hilly cans produced are ours. William Surridge.—Was woodcutting with my two sons in Mr. Trenoweth's poddock on Saturday. I lighted a fire to boil my billycan about half-past 11. The grass was quite green and there was no need to clear any away. Left off work about S o'clock and went home with my two sons. A tree stands about three yards from the place. Never made-any effort .-oh Saturday to put fire out by pouring water on it. Usually cover over my fires with loose earth, but did not do so on Saturday, as there were no indications of ! fire, and I could not get as much as would light my pipe. The grass oil round was quite green. By Foreman—Have been woodcutting ; 15 years. There was no danger I could see by lighting fires. I can comply with the ; Bush Fires' Act and set the whole country around on fire. 1 do not consider the Bush Fires' Act a preventive of fires. By Police— j Am an experienced woodcutter, and under- j stand lighting fires in the open air. Lit fire on Saturday. Do not deny having lit a fire on Friday last, but cleared a good space around it. Cleared six feet at least. There was a dry stump within four feet of where I lit it. The stump was on the lee side ; the wind was blowing from the West. Cleared the ground with my feet; there might have been some dry leaves left; won't say there were not. The stump waB standing about four feet high and hollow; used small wond and covered it over with dirt about 12.30 p.m. Did not use water. Believe the embers were quite out when I put the dirt on-; will not say that they were. Admit lighting a fire on Thursday last in Mr. Trenoweth's, near the wheat paddock; cannot say how near; believe it was more than a cbain; lit it within two feet of a stump; it was a green stump; covered it over with earth after having used it. There were heaps of green firewood on the hill; also heaps of dry wood laying round where I lit my fires. The wood near where the fires were lit on Thursday and Saturday was green. The billycaus and pan nicans (produced) are those which I used on these days. Did not tell Mr. Trenoweth I lit the fires. Mr. W. F. Hughes estimated the damage done by the fire to his property to be about £20, Had no reason to believe it was done through any malicious motive. The Woodside police stated that- the billy Cans (produced) were found by them on Sunday morning at the scene of the fire. The young lad Albert Surridge admitted having been present when his father lit the different fires as above stated. Later on in the day the lad's fattier, W- Surridge, pointed out to the troopers the different Bites. The Coroner having summed up, the fol- lowing verdict was returned—" That there is not sufficient evidence to prove the origin of the fire," and added a rider " That the Coro- ner censure Mr. W. Surridge for his reckless and careless habit in lighting fires in the open air." Surridge was accordingly censured. 