BUSH FIRES. Dnrins the greater part of this week ie atmosphere bas been surcharged with oke, which could been seen rising in jhty columns from nearly every point the compass. For many of these iting occurrences wax matches and bottles are popularly regarded as onsible, but there can be no doubt 1 very many instances townspeople, ise in the bush, under no control devoid of all discretion, are answerible for the damage aud inconvenience Based by the bush-fires. The best proof £ this, perhaps, is that the greater number of fires occur during the summer ididays. Sot only this district but the rioie of the colony has been attacked by ie fire-fiend, Some come aiwranon alteration m in the rae nature of the law which deals with persons causing fires is urgently required. | It is not easy to discover those who cause bosh-fires, but when a charge is sheeted kit the magistrates should have no. •'prion but to impose a heavy fine with a snn of imprisonment accompanied with lard labor. i»ur Langley correspondent writes.— The warm weather and -iy grass, if combined with carlessness, can do much mischief in a short time, as exemplified by the fire that as been scourging the timbered and grass lands around . Black Hill, all arising from the carelessness of one individual wood cuther. This.fellow's Ere (lit to boil bis billy) had the effect of spoiling tlie enjoyment of Christmas and Boxing Days for a few dozens, or perhaps hundreds of bis fellow creatures, roortfor less. The fire burned at interval from Monday morning till Thursday, breaking out anew with each change of wind, and requiring continuous watching daring the whole of that lengthened period. The damage done is very insignificant wben compared with what voold have been bad the pest been less energetically met by the farmers of the district, who in considerable numbers turned out to try and and arrest its progress. At first it appeared that those who had least to lose were working in a more constant and praiseworthy wanner than some whose endangered values amosmted to a few thousands. Among the energetic fire-eaters and fire-beaterc Messrs Keogh, Miller, and Sturrock worked rery effectually. The losses sustained consist of about 1500 acres of grass laud owned by Messrs Symons and S'aiTOck and on the Black Hill common. Mr ^turrock unfortunately sustained a heavy loss in 50 tons of firewood ready for carting, and some large and valuable stacks of rails. Mr Symons' hot with its contents waB destroyed. On Buxing Day M'Namara'B paddock st Biil Hill, and Birkin's paddock at ilonnt St. Mary were over-ran by fire, and not a: small quantity of fencing was distroyed. The Gre at Monument Creek on Monday resulted very disastrously for a farmer named Houlaban, who lost everything except his house, which was saved only after great exertions. Mr Houlahan has been splitting firewood to supply a railway contract, and the whole of bis season's work is absolutely lost, nothing but some heaps of cinders remaining. 