MRS TORRENS McC-ANN'S POETI CAL WORKS. | From the publishers (Messrs Geo. Robertson and Co., of Melbourne and Sydney) we have received a copy of the poetical works of Mrs Torrens McCanri, of Rockalpine, Snowy Cieek, whose con tributions to this journal have so often given pleasure to our readers. The volume under notice is elegantly bound in cloth and gold, ths cover being ornamented with a cornucopia filled with Australian | nowers, irons mrs illcuann s own design. The contents of the book are of a very varied character, showing to great advan tage the versatility of the gifted authoress ; and the production, the outcomo of many years' labor, will no doubt find a place in many a library and upon many a book shelf, not only among Mrs McCann's personal friends, but among all true lovers of poesy. "A Bush-fire" is a fine de scriptive poem, forceful in language, and of much merit as a metrical composition ; while among the numerous products of a facile pen we may select two of special interest to residents of these districts, namely, lines en the death of Mr P. B. Wallace, M.L. A. for Benambra, and "In Memory of Dr Moused," a late resident- surgeon of the Ovsiib District Hospital, the former of which we give below : — Oh ! let the soul her slumbers break ; Let thought bo quickened and awake- Awake to ee How soon this life is past and gone, AndDeUh com-8? swiftly stealing on— How silently ! Oh ! sadly throughout Benambra the news like a death-knell came, And sadly we miss the sounding of the old familiar name ; When the noontide of his labors hade pro mise and hope arise, The meek, brave heart was summoned — elected to the skies. And yet we mourn him, for the void seems fraught with wintry chill ; We seem to' stand 'midst falling leaves on some bleak, lonely hill, Tracing a mournful vista, through mists and gatheriug gloom, Where honor and proud endeavor rest in a new-made tomb. Still'd are the heart's pulsations, and passive the friendly hand Which wielded Benambra's progress, for State and adopted land. Bnt a dearer tie is riven, where " affection's gentle eye" In. a widowed home is weeping, grief's darkest poignancy ! O world! Olife! How fleeting, frail, and insecure are ye ! To-day enjoying your false beams; to-mor row where are we ? Aye, where? Perchance beyond your change — beyond your luring call — But well-spent lives fear not the end, nor shadows that appal. No minstrel strain it needs to tell of all the varied wortb, No eulogy can .fitly paint the form that's passed from earth — The unaffected, genial friend, whose quiet dignity Was well sustained — Suaviter in modo , for- titer in re. But, oh ! we cannot let him go without some parting theme, His memory to perpetuate — some tribute of esteem ! Needless ! his memory shall survive — brave actions live for aye — A fitting monument they raise, impervious to decay. And Scotia mourns a leal, true son (tho' severed far and wide), Whose thoughts oft turned to Rutherglen and to the banks of Clyde, And to that land of hill and heath, fair deeds and minstrel lore ; Who, faithful, to our Southern flag, still lov'd bis Northern shore. No burning questions now disturb the calm of his repose : Nations may war, but wake him not with their oppressive throes But his name long, long live embalmed — St. Hilda's lapping wave And Austral winds shall ceaseless chant a requiem o'er his grave. "Rutherglen, near Glasgow, Scotland, the birth place of P. B Wallace. 