THE THIRTY-SECOND CLAUSE OF THE LAND ACT. A COBREBPONDBNT SCiDlls UB the folll'ivin? : — Under the Crown Lands Act of 1884, according to clause 32, it ia enacted that ' every original cinditianul purchaser shall, under this Act, within three month b from (lie date of confirmation of his application by the local land board, com menc 3 and thereafter continue to reside on his conditionally purchased land for the term of five years from such date,' &c.; This clause appears to mean that a selector mu-it reside on his land for five years, lesB three months, but as (.he date of confirmation is the beginning of the five years, and as the time which elansea between the selector's application and the date of confirmation frequently amounts* to two years and sometimes more, the real meaning of the clause is that a selector's time shall never be less than five years, bat shall exceed that time at the convenience of the Lands Department. The hardship of this clause is apparent, as although if the selector succeeds on his new home, he may be indifferent as to when he gets over the ' penal servitude cause' (which is the only deterrent to universal selection), yet in nine cases out of ten he looks forward longingly to the time when he will be his own master, and be at liberty to mortgage, ot sell, or let, as he thinks fit. When the Amended Land Act was laid before the House some time ago, the 39th clause road as follows : — ' Notwithstanding anything in this or the Principal Act to the contrary, in all caBes where an application for a con -ditinnn.1 nnrahA&n; msu'n under t.Vtn Principal Act or this Act shall be con firmed the five years' residence and restrictions from transfer shall commence and be current from the date of such application, though it shall not be compulsory on the part of the applicant to reside thereon until three months have expired from the date of confirma tion of such application,' &c.; This amendment teas a gleam of hope to many a struggling selector whose land has since been forfeited by the land board. Mr. Cyril Blacket put the case rather forcibly in i a letter to the Herald some months ago, with the result that several country mem bers have promised tu bring the matter up. The fact that a selector's time of commencement is ro uncertain practically means that in mauy instances the intend ing selector must live on his capital, as he cannot enter into occupation until his application is coufirmed. It also means that whereas a man might fight against adverse fortune for five years he cannot do so for seven or eight years, and beitig compelled to borrow inonoy at an early stage to make good losses caused by bush fires and droughts, he is at the mercy too often of the most rapacious class of money Senders. No single individual is bene fited by the present state of the law, and a moBt industrious and valuable class of settlers will be benefitted by the proposed amendment, namely, to make a selector's tin*e start from the date of nutting in his application, and Iub residence and other conditions from the date of confirmation. A complimentary banquet was tendered to Mr. FrauciB Abigail, M. P., ex- Minister for Mines, in the Town-hall on Monday night, by a large uumber of friends, in recognition of his public services. Sir John Robertson presided snd made some nattering remarks concerning the guest of the evening, whose health was drunk iu bumpers. In acknowledging the toast, Mr. Abigail expressed his inability to properly respond to the friendly feelings which actuated his entertainers. To de fend his character from attack or to stand up for a friend would, he said, bo an easy task, but to talk of one's self was a different ?natter altogether. He managed, how ever, to make some carefully selected references to bis career while Secretary , for Mines, aud resumed his seat amid the ' plaudits of those present. j 