Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &c.; BALRANALD, March 11. The weather continues very dry, and we are treated at intervals to heu\y duststornis. Any further de scription of this particular kind of weather is unne - cessary. CAMDEN, March 9. Rain is badly needed, and farmers are in unfortunate straits again. Stock has receded in value from £3 to £1 per head during the past mouth, but farmers are compelled to sell or let their cattle die. Trade of every description is stagnant, and all classes are complaining bitterly. Acres of green maize are being cut, and placed in silos for ensilage by the well-to-do farmers ; but the poorer class, who have no silos, arc forced to feed their stock on the stalks. The maize has failed to cob for want of rain. The heat during the early part of last week was abnormal. A severe thunderstorm passed over the district on Friday week. Rain fell at Elderslie, but scarcely a drop fell in town. During the storm a sheet of corru gated iron, which formed the covering of a stack of hay at Appin, 12 miles from here, the property of a Mr. Lloyd^ wns struck by lightning, and the hay set on fire, a considerable quantity cf which was destroyed. Some days ago an extensive bush-fire broke out at The Oaks. The flames raged furiously at West Valley, the property of Mr. It. Mitchell, sen., and on Mr. Hayes' estate, The Hermitage. DENILIQUIN, March 9. Variable weather has ruled at Deniliquin for the last fortnight. At times the thermometer has been as high as 104* in the shade. No rain has fallen, and although the pastures are in a fair condition and the tanks full the outlook is not altogether satisfactory. There is no sign of a change to rain. Stock movements at Denili quin are reduced to u minimum. These are now coming in from the buck country, and the reports from there show that the general aspect of the holdings and ihe wretched condition of the route forbid any expectations of a change for some time to come. The local lambing will commence next month. The breeding stock are in first-class condition, but an inch or more of rain is re quired to keep them up for the difficult time in front. The only stock passings at Deniliquin during the fort night were: — 4000 ewe*, froni Perricuota to Tumba rumba ; 5700 sheep, from' M'Lauren's Monro station to Wargam, M'Millan in charge; 100 stud rums, from ? Wanganella station to Western Australia; and 2000 mixed weaners, from Hill l'lain ( Lee t ham's) to Holuies's homestead leases, near Booligal. The river at Deniliquin is now at summer level. GRAFTON, March 11. On Sunday afternoon we got just enough rain to lay the dust, from a shower which was very much heavier, however, in the eastern portion of the town and along Alumny Creek, and thence down the river. This will do a lot of good for pasture, as it extended over a dis trict which has not had any of the recent showers. The rain which fell a short time ago on the lower river came very opportunely for the sugar cane, which, I hear, is growing very luxuriantly. Maize is being shipped off in increasing quantities, and the steamers will have as much -as they can do to keep the wharfs clear for some time. The dry, hot weather that we have had foi the hist two months has mude it very ripe, and consequently owners are enabled to get it threshed off liund. The weevil is likely to be very bad this season, and this is of itself a good reason for getting it sold without delay. I pulled a few coba in the field this last week, and in nearly every case the weevil was in it. GLEN INNES, March 11. The weather during the past fortnight Jus been all that could be desired for harvesting operations, which are now in full swing amongst our farmers. There is a great falling-oil thie year in Ihe tni -unt of grain pio ducei in this district, and the return will be the lowest for some years pa6t. The cause is assigned to the late spring. The main crops here are oats, which are being cut both for hay and grain. There is an abundant hay harvest, and the weather of lace has been very favour able for getting it in in good condition. The potato crop, although not yet ripe, promises to be a very good one. Grass and water are plentiful throughout the district, and Block are fat. Since my last report the following stock have passed :— 10,000 store wethers, from Mungiebundie to Paradise Creek ; 5000 store wethers, from Reedy Creek to Deepwater ; 2200 mixed sheep, from Paradise Creek to Glen Innes ; 2000 ewes, from Reedy Creek to Bukullah; 2500 sheep for Glenorchy; lOl'O ewes and 220 fat wethers, from Reedy Creek to Wandsworth ; 1600 mixed sheep, from East Lynn, Warialda, to Glen Innes; 500 mixed cattle, from Bingera to Glen Innes ; 08 mixed horses, from Reedy Creek to Graham's Valley ; 900 store wethers, from Keera to Glen Innes ; 1090 store wethers, from Tenterdcn to Balaclava; 10,000 mixed sheep from Liverpool Plains to Wonginbinda ; 500 sheep, from Aberfoil to Armidale ; 370 fat wethers, from Argyle to Graf ton ; 1236 mixed sheep, from Beau fort to Piersby Hall ; 500 fat wethers, from Ranger's Vallev to Toowoomba ; 65 J mixed sheep, from Com vale to.lnverell ; 3539 stare wethers, from Midkin to Walcha. ; 7500 ewes, from Tulloona to Wellingrove ; 3200 ewes, from Boolooroo for Dinton Vale; 4440 ewes, from Bogamildi to Glen Innes ; 1000 wethers from Moree for Brisbane ; 88?0 store wethers, from Bec tive to Newsteod ; 6041 store ewes, from Namoi to Clairvaulx and Stonehenge ; 1800 mixed sheep, from Piersby Hall to Beaufort ; 6500 mixed sheep, from HanillOj Walgett, to Inverell j 713 fat wethers, from Byron to Toowoomba ; 3922 young wethers, from Lyndhurst for Wellington Vale. JUNEE REEFS, Mabch 9. It is rumoured that Mr. Fifzpatrick, J.P., of Erin. Vale, is about to rent the splendid run of the Misses Sproule. The grass about the reefs seems short ; but the downpour, 275 points, which occurred in February last gave some nice green picking, and the stock lock well. As a matter of fact, the grass-fed horses en the flats between the P. O. and Donnelly's station aro as fat as whales, and the sheep have done remarkably well this season, because there* has been no Ions: grass like that of last year. However incredible this may seem, the proof is to be seen ; and 1 was yesterday astonished to observe a herd of cows in splendid condi tion near Mr. Peterson's farm. This modicum of sweet picking will not, however, last long, and, the pad docks being all rung or cleared, there is no scrub or dead leaves to keep stock alive ; and, if rain does not come this month, the ground will be as bare as a billiard ball. Nevertheless, Messrs. Heffcrnan, Fitzpalrick, and others have paid so much attention to water con servation that while the warm weather laBts we need not apprehend serious losses ; but the winter prospect is not cheering at present. KIANDRA, March 9 Fine weather has prevailed for the last fortnight. Usually at this reason the weather is broken ; the sky clouds up at midday, but no rain falls. Harvesting is just completed about Adaminaby, the return of hay and corn being very satisfactory in all cases' where the crops were ];ite sown. The coastal rains did not fall in sufficient quantity over the divide which separates this town from Cooma, so that tbe crops there were a partial failure. Where extra care has been taken in the breeding of sheep, very good prices have been realised for wool this season, Messrs. John and Gilbert Locker, of Bolaro, cold-water washed wool bringing 13jd. per lb., the highest price of any in the neighbourhood, being an excellent sample of evenly-grown high-class merino wool. Preparations are being made in most of the sheep camps around the town to commence the trip down country with those flocks which came up here for summer grass; 17,000 sheep left here in two Hocks this week. M'Caughey, owner, for their stations at Coonong and Coree, Riverina district. KEMPSEY, March 6. We hav« had up to the present excellent weather so far as the growth of our crops is concerned, and nothing now will prevent the district having the largest crop it has had since 1874, except a flood. Most of the crop was early, and will be ready for pulling in 10 days*, and,' with the largest area sown up to the present, there will be an average crop of about 53 bushels per acre. Here and there it looks so much more, tut the old alluvial soil is deceptive in this respect, as the plant fails to bear a cob which is at all equal to the stalk, owing to previous exhaustion. In connection. with this I wish to correct a statement by our Government statistician last year. He gave the average yield of the maize on tbo IVIacleay as 22J bushels per acre. How he got this information it is a puzzle to say ; but, although some thousands of acres were swamped by a fresh in the river, there never was so low an average. Pulling will commence next week, and I shall hnve to report to you the yield of some of the American sorts, in comparison with our yellow Hogan and other acclimatised varieties. So far as report goes, the Queen of the Prairies, and other new kinds, will give a larger yield ; but I am inclined to think that the farmers who experimented on them are good cultivator?; and that good, deep plough ing and careful. af (er-culture may have had much to do with the reported yieid of 100 bushels to the acre. LIHTGOW, March 12. Farmers in the southern part of the district havo got their crops together in splendid condition. Tbe hay crops were saved and stacked without one drop of rain, and the late potato crops promise a heavy yield this year. Lowther and Obcron are the only parts about here that have had any rain to speak of for months ; consequently cattle and stock generally are in very fair condition. In O heron the downpour,' which took place a week ago, was the heaviest ever known there. MUDGEE, Mauch 9. There is still no rain. The grass that was springing in those parts of our district that did get a little rain is going off again by reison of want of moisture and in tense heat. We are experiencing just now as hot days as ever we have had, while the nights are comparatively cool — a bad sign, as rain always hangs off then. From Mud gee to the west and north it is simply distressing to hear the g'oomy accounts from those who travel — no water, no feed, country like a brass plate, hard and hot. What will tbe end be ? is asked, for it is recognised that we are a long way from that yet. The incoming winter will tell on our stock far more than any that has preceded it. PARXES, March 11. The continued dry weather is making things very quiet. A good fall of rain would start ploughing .operations, but at present all indications point to a dry month. Water in many places is in short supply, and grass, too, is not getting more plentiful. In fact, the outlook is not too promising. Now we must look f or . ward to cool weather immediately the rain does come, and this will cut up stock cattle especially very much. TUMUT, March 9. Residents here are anxiously looking for a break-up, in the present dry weather, which once more threatens to produce a serious drought. Dry, impalpable dust covers everything, the herbage is fast withering, ani the late corn is needing moisture. The tobacco crops, however, aro green and flourishing, and never in this district presented a more magnificent appearance. O^ Wednesday last dark clouds overspread the sky, and passed away without depositing any of their contents here, but a heavy shower fell that night in the upland country to the south, and the temperature suddenly turned cool. Stock of all descriptions are in very good condition. WAGGA WAGGA, Mauch II. There is no change to report in the weather, which continues to be dry and hot, and the clear sky and cool nights give no promise of rain. Water is beginning to fail at many places out back, and crass is far from, being plentiful. The long spell of dry weather is having a marked effect upon business of every descrip tion, and a change is anxiously looked for. The rain fall in Wagga in January was 279 points, and in February 240 points. The total for the same period in, 1887 was 577 points, and in 18SS 470 points. WINDSOR, March 11. Throughout the district cries for rain are being raised, and the district will be in a dreadful dilemma unless it comes. The early maize crops are completely destroyed, and if the weather continues as at present the'lata crops will meet with a like fate. itain has been threatening during the past week, but up to the present time it appears to be as far away as ever. Irrigation is about tbe only thing which will do this district any good. The rainfall is so enatic that it is not to be depended upon, and it speaks poorly for the energy and enterprise ' of our fanners— the majority of whom are well off, having made their money under free trade— that they have not gone in fcr it . long ere this. During the past year several horticulturists and agriculturists have purchaied the necessary plant, and they have reaped an advantage in the shape of an increased yield, whilst ? their neighbours, depending upon the elements for ' nourishment for their crops, have seen them ruthlessly destroyed by the heat and the extremely dry weather. Mr. A. Hannabus, who some little time ago decided to try irrigation, and who purchased a plant for between £200 and £o0C, has about 16 acres irrigated, from which he expects to obtain 60 bushels of maize to the acre. On that portion of the farm which is not irri gated the crops arc completely destroyed, and are, in fact, of little use as fodder. Messrs. Dean, -M'tfrath, Johhstone, Turner, and all others who have experi mented in this direction, are well satisfied with the success they have met with, and should others follow their good example the residents of this district will have the advantage of being able to purchase produco grown in the district instead of being compelled to buy from outside producers. What is the use of talking about protection when our farmers cannot grow inore than enough to supply their own requirements ? One glance at the Hawkesbury district at the present time should be sufficient to convince even the moBt sceptical that it is not protection we want, but a comprehensive scheme of irrigation. WEST MAITLAND, March 12. A very heavy thunderstorm occurred shortly after 6 o'clock on Monday evening. The thunder was loud and was accompanied by vivid ligbtnin g, and rain and bail poured down beavily'for half an hour. The streets were everywhere deluged with water. It was the heaviest dowupour we have had for a long time. 