if OUH SYDNEY LET'1'Eii. i (from our own correspondent) i Tuesday, Dec 24. I « A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year and many of them to all my readers find every one else. I was very nearly writ-. . ing to every one who deserves it. But as no • one can be really happy who deserves it'not," it seemed rather superfluous. This is the fimo of feasting nnd merriment. May we remember what the genial influences of the season ought to remind us of. Not tlioso I fancy who eat nnd drink and revel the moat will bo the. merriest or happiest, but those who give the most and the mosr. wisely Bub this giving, wha' a complex and paradoxical thing it is. One, be it man or woman, jjhall give you more pleasure by a tone of the voice, a glance of the eye, a grasp of the hand, than another who pompously confers upon you the leavings of his wealth. Oifrs in themselves are lifeless and valueless. According to ho heart from which they comp is their roil worth. And judged by this rule what bo valuable as the gifts which in one perpetual stream flow down to Humanity from the Giver of all Good—whose manifea* taiions " full of grace and truth" the whole Christian world will have commemora ed by the time these lines are read. Shall there be no gratitude for these, no passing on front our own superfluity to those who need it inure than we do. Herengain there ia need for discrimination. Bumping hard against the stem facts of life we are nut slow to discover that not "hose who make the greatest parade of their poverty or who complain the most loudly of the neglect and callousness of their fellow men are those who are really the moat m need. As if to point this moral, bo appro* priato to the season, a case of the grossest imposition has just come to light. A blind man was front to take his stand in Georgestreet near the Commercial Bank. Standing with outstre'ched hand, mutely inviting tho alms of the passers-by he seemed the very picture of misery. He became almost as well-known as the Bank itself and many were those who deemed it a sacred duty to eive hiin a coin. Something, I don't know what, caused 'he police to fancy that he was not so poor as he looked, and the other day they arrested him on a charge of begging in a pub ic thoroughfare. Then they found that instead of being the poverty- stricken creature hu appeared, he had fixed deposits in the Commercial Bank, and in he Government Savings Bank amounting to nearly £1000. That money judiciously distributed,' would have caused many a widow's heart to. sing for j->y, would have lightened many a heavy burden that, although borne wi h stoical and uncomplaining fortitude, is crushing those who bear it. Hut, afrer all, almsgiving is only one form of practical bone* volence and that not tho highest form. How many are there who need to be beneyolcut . to themselves to begin *ith—benevolent.it o" their own better nature trampled in the mire of their avarice, their ambition or their passionB. How many are there who need to learn how to bo benevolent to wife, tr. children, to dependents 1 But there, the fact tha* this is Christmas time, and a Christmas letter must be my excuse for sounding doeper chorda than those which journalism essays to touch. Politically the year closes ominously There is apparent peace, because the Houses of Parliament have gone into rucess. But it is a peace that prepares for war. Tho passing of <he estimates for tho year has cloarod the decks for ac ion, and there is an undisguised determination that when the Legist lature next assembles it will not he to deliberate for the public goc.d, but to decide which of two equally balanced political parties shall force its 14 j huforrn" down the throat of the other. It reminds one <>f the ancient ordeal of trial by combat. While the tight laRtB good feeling and good government will b.* thrown to tho winds. And whon it is over the result will be the same as if t: had never bnen f«»ught. That is to say it will be a compromise. Each is battling as I a vid before for the right to force its undilutud political dogmas down tho throa's of those who hate them.' But, whatever uiay he the reBult tho minority will be too powerful to Admit of tho.possibility of coercion. Seeing then fchfib after (ho fight is over the beaten party will still be able to enforce its claim to consideration, why cannot both sides agree' to extend consideration' to ouch other before ib begins. A Parliamentary division has mi more pn'wer to alter the real truth—the real rights <»f he case—than had the combat A Voutrance, The fact that a champion was unhorsed or speared or got histhroat cut didn't- render his cause one atom intrinsica'ly worse or better. Civilisation slowly awoke to the fact, and the combative knights in iron armour had to give place to the jud. e and jnr}', who a*-, lease make some show of eandidiy and 'dispassionately inquiring vliere the > ruth lies; But the knights sti 1 flourish in party divisions. F:\r more impervious *o 'argument or convic I^n than the.armoured' cVampion to chance avrowfave, our- modern political lighters. Why cannot wi' do away with tneiwhole^ pes ilont tribei ns daet'le ;down like Beusif>io' .men? to- see what is really good and practicable H - It ,will come to this sooner .or later and until it does come our prerence'of government- by means of anarchy will be a wretched parody. 1 I don't know whether Ckris maB influences had anything to do with it, but a very serious labour trouble wlnuh bade fair to disorganise •no wholo of iho coasting fcmle is in a fair way of beiug amicably settled without the objectionable appeal to physical force and endurance. I refer to the dispute between the engineers and captains of s earners. The latter claims jurisdiction over the whole ship. Tho former declare that aB captains can only have a very superficial knowledge of machinery thoy are qui of place in the engine room,- and they demand for themselves a BupaMte and uncontrolled jurisdiction as to detaiin though of course they are willing to concede to tho skipper the rigut of deciding the speed at which the engines are to be run. There is a good deal of reason in the coin.p!ait)l made by the engineers, that at present they are in danger of being arbitrarily and vexatiously interfered with by men .who have little or no -comprehension of the minutiie of their work. But it. is pl;>in, on tho other hand, that it would never do to oreate an imperium in hnperio. There can only be one captain on board a ship anu ho must be captain everywhere, in tho engine room as well as on the Quarter deck. The Question seems to bo one for tho exerciao of tact and discrimination ra'her than for thv drawing of hard-aud- fast lines Other things besides seamanship are rvquhvd of a captain. If he cannot command without provoking ordinarily well-disposed men to reboilion, he is plainly out of place and should mako way for some one better qualified. On the other hand if an engineer it so morbidly sensitive tha' ho resents the taking of ordinary precautions by the captain Tie also iB out of placo. Unfortunately these questions are often complicated by personal favouritism and in the overpowering feeling of resell ment. ng<*iiisb injustice and in the conviction that no redress awaits them but such-as they can force for themselves, positions are taken up which in the long run must prove untenable. I don't know that there has been anything of the sor in the present instance. A conference is to be hold to-day consisting of two representatives of each Bide and ir is quite expected ' that an atnieible arrangement will be arrived at. In commercial ma'tera the' year closes quietly but hopefully. Prices of commodities have risen all round but he domand is bIoj, and points 10 a period of goneral suspense. The mainstay of New South Wales, is of courso the pastoral industry, which, with, wool at a high price, and abundance of feod. -nnd water is' flourishing bravely, barring bush-firee and grass sued . "A little American Hop ]5ittei's;lsftVQ8%ig; do«fcor'«\bills ftndlont^icUhfwi" 5y' i 