OUR AGRICULTURAL LETTER. THB phenomenal abundanoe of vegetable growths of every desoription, ooapled with the near approach of the season when heat nd drought may be expeoted, are circumstances indicating the necessity for extreme, carefulness in taking all possible precautions against bush fires. The urgenoy of the oase is so extensively pointed out and commented on in all the papers that any notice on my part may seem superfluous; but, in' trntb, he evil effects of any outbreak of the kind would be so disastrous that too many warning notes oan soaroely be sounded. The recautions proper to be taken, such as loughing bare strips round paddooks, eto., re well known ; yet in how many oases are hey neglected P In Riverina groups of armers and graziers here and there are forming bush-fire brigades, to be ready, if neoessary, to ride long distanoes in order to render assistanoe in oase of any outbreak. he propriety of farmers and graziers everywhere adopting some plan of the kind seems elf-evident. A Wimmera correspondent, writing to me about bush fires, says that, just as careful ship oaptains have all their plans out and dried as to what they should do in case of threatened shipwreck from any oaase whatever, so he has quietly thought out two problems—first, what he had better do at once to prevent bush fires on his own farm; and seoond, what he should do in oase of an invasion, in any direotion, of fire from adjoining lands. In order to impress his own ideas all tbe more firmly on his own mind, and also for the information and guidance of his own family and the farm lands, he has jotted his thoughts down in writing. The plan appears to be a good one, and might with advantage be extensively followed. When fireB occur there is always more or Icbs of a panio, people roBhing about and exerting themselves to very little purpose, whereas, if any rough outline of what should be done were previously ohalked out, general efforts oould be better directed. Crop news from almost everywhere continues fairly favourable. Rust baa made its appearanoe amongst tbe wheat in some localities, but, so far, the damage done is not very serious, and for the future we can only hope for the best. There is naturally muoh anxiety about the future of the wheat market. As we shall oertainly have at oommand after harvest an abundanoe whioh will necessitate exportation to Europe, the looal prioe will be regulated by prioes in the markets of the world, and to form any reliable or aoourate foreoast of what these may be several months henoe wduld be an idle task to . Bttempt. Still there is no reason to fear that the prioe in the London market, whioh may be taken to represent the markets of the world, will for any length of time fall below the ooBt of prodnotion in Victoria, plUB freights, etc., and I maintain that wheat from Victoria oan be laid down in London at as,low figure as wheat from any oonntry in tbe world. A great dual of rubbish is talked and written about wheat in India costing only lOd. per bushel, and in Russia very little more, with illimitable scope for production ; bnt in suoh wild statements there is always something left out whioh,would alter the oonditions materially. 1 The Parliamentary session is olosed, and now will the attention of agriculturists be strongly directed to the oarrying oat of the various schemes for their benefit which have obtained Parliamentary sanotion. Regulations have to be framed by the Governorin-Council for the distribution of the bonuses for fruit-growing, eto., and much detail has yet to be defined regarding the way in whioh the various irrigation sohemeB are to be organised and worked. Parliament being in recess, Ministers will have a free hand, and what they do will require oareful eorntiny. Ministers cannot be oharged with unfriendliness towards farming interests, but they are pliant alike to supporters and opponents, and in any case where the ohoioe lies between farming interests and seouring support from influential friends or foeB farming interests will go to the wall. It is not pleasant to write thus; bat proofs multiply that this is the oorreot view to take. And this view of the situation leads np to gome notice being taken of certain disgraceful proceedings whioh marked the olo6ing days of the Parliamentary session. If there is one thing more than another deBired by farmers it is reduced rates for railway trafflo j bnt Ministers, by their reoent aotion in the Assembly, has made the prospect of any Reduction absolutely hopeless. Firstly, they Ssuooeeded by a aeries of disgraoefnl jstratagems in procuring an 'addition^ thousand a year .for .'Mr.; Speight and «n additional thousand, a year to. be jdivided between. the^ ,other , two , Railway Oommiasioden. That being done for the trinity at the top of the tree, of course something had, to be done for those lower ppaitions. acd therefore sixpence a day was «dded to the pay of aU rail way labourers; that posal lor this iporease did not emanate from Che Ministry* but ;<tbey tooitly aoquiesoed, and oould hawjpw^f-^. 1 1^ being done if ithey, wlthpd. .. :The highest and the lojreet, grades u ia ^heiwnense armyof jrailv way employS» being thus provided lor, some thing, of oonrse, must be done for all grades between the two extremes.; With a pliant Ministry in power, anxious chiefly to oonoiliAte support from all quarters, there is no saying, to what extent this railway-salaryboom may go, and the working of the department will beoome.so ooitly that redactions in the freight of prodaoe, or anything else, oannot be expeoted. .It is needless to remark that all grades in the railway servioe are already very well paid ; even the lowest, unskilled labourers, with their, seven or eight shillings,a day of «ight hours all the year roand, earning more than many a' straggling farmer working ten, twelve, or even fourteen hours a day. The Parliamentary trip tothpDookiefarm and Agricultural College lest week has naturally direoted public attention rather strongly to that institution, and it bears the sorutiny well. The farm: hnd (College are now' paying expenses, in spite of the faot that the students pay absolutely nothing for the instraotion they get, the only charge made being the very moderate sum of £25- per annnm for board and housekesp. For that comparatively small payment the students reoeive sound instruction, both theoretical and praotiaal, in every branch of. farming industry, including management oi stook, horticulture, dairying, beekeeping, etc., eto. Where by preference any particular branoh of rural industry is desired to be specially studied or practised, the wishes of the student or his friends are oomplied with, dnd his course of study is arranged aooord- * ingly. • The Parliamentary visitors, on their return, expressed themselves delighted, with what they saw at Dookie. A sixty-aore paddook of Steinwedel wheat was first inspected. The orop was sown in the end of May, and is now fully a fortnight nearer maturity than any other wheat on the ,farm. The estimated yield of the&teinwedel; wheat tbis year, is 30 bushels per acre. The visitors next inspected some maize grown after the American system, that • • is hills three feet apart. This system permits of cross cultivation with harrowa or other implements, and as it is the plan almost universally adopted in Amerioa where maize cultivation is thoroughly understood, it may be unhesitatingly followed here. Silage making next attrBoted the visitors' attention. A orop of barley, vetoheB, peaB, and oats was being ont at the time, and Mr. Thompson was thus able to demonstrate praotioally how silage is made. This orop ig grown npon the poorest land on the farm, and would scaroel; prodaoe three bushels of wheat per acre. The yield of greenstuff per acre Mr. Thompson estimates at nine tons, and he expeots to get the same weight oi silage as tbe greenstuff put in. The feeding value of the silage is estimated asequal to bar, weight for weight; and, therefore, - he geti from this poor and comparatively uecleas land feeding stuft equal to nine tons of hay. This, to some who. have not had the op-. portunity of testing the value of silage as feed, may seem inoredible, but Mr. Thompson stakes his repntation on the faot. All farmers throughout the oolony who oan. T bfiord the time and the expense would do a wise thing by paying a visit to the Dookie , farm, and see for themselves. what can be done by careful cultivation conducted on scientific principles. 