Miscellaneous Items» ODES AND. ENDS.-Tho Camperdown (V.) CHRO- NICLE reported that the recent heavy rains had had a wonderful effect on vegetation throughout the dis- trict. Tho country,' which had been dry and arid looking, was now green in most parts. The rains largely benefited the potato crops.-The locusts hoyo been very numerous about Terang (V.) ^ and the racecourse on January 8 seemed to be olive with them, as tho insects rose up in clouds from the ground, aroused by passing pedestrians. Quite a peculiar Bight Was presented when tho rain came on; tho locusts making for thé fencing, which was thickly coated with them Boon ' after the downpour began. The flooding of the low - lying ground drowned multitudes of them. Asad accident happened at Swan Hill lately to the wife of a farmer. Mrs. Kelly, who was just re- covering from" a. severe illness, was taking a drive. One .of -the horse's becamei restive, arid started kick- ing, which so affected Mrs. Kelly that.Bhe fainted with fright, ' arid' neverregained consciousness, but died ! almost immediately.--^A " somewhat ' sensational1 snake incident was lately reported from Teesdale (Geelong). Miss "Wilson had occasion to go to the storeroom at the rear of tho house to obtain some flour. On putting her hand into the bag she brought out what she thought to be a piece of rope, but what proved to be a tolerably large tiger snake of a very venomous species. Her screams attracted her father, who quickly put an end to the intruder. It is thought that tho reptile went there üvsearch of mice. A_ telegram from Buninyong (V.) reported that a slight shock of earthquake occurred about twenty minutes to 4 p.m. on January 10. A heavy rumbling sound was noticed, which seemed to come froin the south-west. Tho vibration lasted ton seconds. Tho shock was felt over the country extending from Warrenheip to Gordons.-Miss Moister, mistrëss of tho girls' department of tho Inverell pubb'o school, has been promoted to Tamworth. During her two years' residence in Inverell she rendered good service at musical gatherings, and also in connec- tion with tho Church of England Sunday-school. A young girl named Annie Palmer met with a serious accident at Wardell on January ll. While she was taking a pot off tho Sro her olotb.es ignited. Her hands and body were severely burned. She is under the caro of Dr. Tomlins.-In consequence of tho failure of tho wheat crop on tho Darling Downs last season, an unusually large area has been planted with maize, which looks splendid. A heavy supply of maize ia anticipated for the coming winter.-Tho Queensland Government has decided to appoint Mr. Gray, Under-Colonial Secretary, as Railway Com- missioner! at a salary of ¿81500 per annum. At Pitt Town, Mr. S. Cox has struck water at a depth" of 24ft on his farm. It is believed that all the farmers in the vicinity could bo similarly successful. \--Mr. J. H. Mitchell, hotelkeeper, and a very old rosidont bf Tingha, died last week.-A complimen- tary banquet was given last week in Braidwood to Mr. J. T. Murphy, previouply to his leaving the dis- trict. About 40 leading citizens were present. The health of the guest was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. W. ' L. Ferguson, P.M., was installed last week as W.M. of. the Rose Lodge, Emmaville, by Past-master Dodd, of Glen Innes. After the installation, a banquet was held.-Mr. M'Kerrow, Surveyor-General, has boon appointed Chief Railway Commissioner of New Zealand at a the New Zealand railways ¿ and Mr. Hanny, assistant manager, hàvo been appointed assistant commission- ers, at a salary of ¿61000 each.--Canvassers are be- ing sent round by tho Blayney Agricultural Associa- tion to take the opinion of the farmers of tho district whether a Bhow shall be held this year or not. It has been decided to hold a show in connection with the Camden A. and H. Society on March 13,14, and 15.-The Beehive Butter Factory at Burrawang is turning out a grand success. Tho factory is now paying 8d per gallon for milk; some of it being carried a distance of five' or six miles to tho faotory. The farmers are perfectly satis- fied with the prospeots of the factory. Mr. Radford, public school teacher in Bundarra, who was lately removod to Deepwater, was banqueted in Chapman's Hotel,. Bundarra, last week. All the leading residents attended. -Mr. A. Littlo, J.P., presided.--From Walgett we learn that a man, whoee namo is unknown, was found dead last week on Boorooma run, having expired from thirst.--A water famine has been raging throughout the Walgett district.--The general meeting ; of sub- scribers to tho Walgett Hospital was held on January 10, and was largely attended. Mr. John Simpson, of Boorooma, was elected president; Messrs. C N. Vaughan and John,' Gordon,, vico-presidentsj Mr. Fred! Fuller, treasurer ; and. Mr. Janis'on, secretary. The'olection bf a medical officer was postponed for ono month. Thé financial statement shpwGd that the institution was in a flourishing condition, notwithstanding the bad season.^---The annual meeting of the Walgett Pastoral and Agri- cultural Society wa3 held on January ll. The officers for tho past, year were re-elected. Mr. Fred. Fuller was appointed .treasurer, and Mr. G. S. Hay honorary secretary, in the room of Mr. Caswell, resigned, The financial statement show cd a credit balance of ¿8290, with a reserve of ¿8600 on the build- ing fund.--At à meeting of the West Maitland Borough Council last week the tender of Mr. Noad, builder, was accepted for the erection of a new town hall at a cost-of ¿85638 12s 6d.. Mr. Noad's tender was the lowest of nine.--The first prize of ¿8100 in connection with the competitivo designs for a town hall at Ashfield has been awarded to Ramsay and Wells, of Bell's-chambers, and the second prize of 25gs" to E. H. Buchanan, of Pitt-street.-? Tho'Williams River Agricultural. Society will hold its annual show on March 27 and 28. It has been de- cided to erect a grand stand on the show ground ; and .tho values of the prizes have been increased in nearly every section.-At a' meeting of the committee iof the Cobargo Agricultural and Pastoral Society; it was decided to hold the first show onMarch 27 and 28. Great preparations aro being made on the ground ; and the prize schedule is now being prepared. It is expected that nearly ¿8200 will be distributed in prizes. \--The Government statistician of Tasmania esti- mates tho population of that colony at tho end of tho year at 146,149, being an increase of 3871 on the pre- vious year. This increase in tho number of births over deaths was 2741. The death rato had not been as low since 1870.-At a meeting of the Bathurst A. H. and P. Association it was deoidod to hold tho next annual show on April; 10, ll, and. 12.-'? The New Zealand Government will apply for 4000ft of space only at tho Paris Exhibition.---The Port Macquarie Agricultural Society has fixed tho dato of the next show for Wednesday, and Thursday ; February 20 and 21. The schedules, which are very attractive ones, have been issued, and exceed by ¿850 the money prizes offered at > the last show.,--Tho blight, which is spreading ovor the whole of the Port Mac- quarie district, is causing much alarm among farmers. -The returns from the Burrumbuttock and Goom- bargana districts "show that the harvests will not yield a-higher average than six bushels per acre. Reports from Howlong and Bungowannah aro equally unsatisfactory.---The Government of Queensland has decided that where all water boring is successful the local authorities may talco control of the water by tho payment of the cost of boring, and thus provide funds to boro in other parts of the colony.--Tho applications for Crown lands in the Auckland (N.Z.) province are largely increasing- Those of last quarter -were tho greatest, for- years. Tho Mayor of Wagga Wagga reported to tho council that since the notices had been issued, soma ¿8300 or ¿8400 had been received for rates ; but there were still ¿81000 to ¿81100 owing.--The Mayor of West Maitland reported to the council that he had ex- amined the lower timbers of the LongBridgo, and was certain that they would be quite safo for tho next five or six years, if attended to when necessary.-. The treasurer's statement, read in the Armidale Council showed that tho debit balance amounted to ¿82066 9s ld.-A statement presented to the Armi- dale Council showed that during the current year ¿81080 had been expended on tho streets of the borough.-Tho road superintendent informed the Plattsburg Council that owing to instructions received he dared not spend any money on roads, inside tho municipal boundaries.--Tho - Cobar Council is determined to put a stop to people riding over the footpaths, and has called the attention of the police to the matter. \--The Carrington Council has decided to ask the Waratah-Lambton and Wallsend Councils to assist in bringing pressure to bear on the 'Government re tram communication between these boroughs and Bullock ;; Island.--The Newcastle sanitary in- spector- reported to tho council that the great drawback to cleanliness and sanitary improve- ment was the want of proper drainage. A counter potition, signed by 101 persons, who object to tho proposed incorporation, of Dundas, has been gazetted.-The report of the inspector to the Broken Hill Council showed that at tho Chineso quarters thoro were no closets, but the recent rains had cleared away tho filth to a great extent. In other places the closets wore overflowing. Some of the houses and yards were in a beastly condition; but notices' had been served on the occupiers to olean them np. Carters taking offal and rubbish out of the town had been in the habit of tipping their loads on the catchment area, and when spoken to said they did not know where the rubbish depot was. Sign- boards had therefore been put up to point the way. The cleaning up of tho town was going on Blowly, owing to the want of carts. Numbers of store cattle will bo offerod at auction in Grafton this week. The condition of all kinds of stjok in the Grafton district is very good. It is the best season experienced by graziers during tho last twenty years.-A branch of tho E. S. and A. C. Bank has been Opened at Gerringong, and is in charge of Mr. Nicholson. BUSH-PIKES AND 'TERRIFIC HEAT.-Three bush fires are raging within eight miles at Gilgandra-one at Mr. O'Noil's, of Tarragon; another at Bardon Brothers' station, Yalcogren ; and tho third at a farm and selection bolongirig to a man named Bonofawl.. The temperature has exceeded ll2deg daily in the shade. VICTORIAN HAT CROPS.-A considerable aroa has been cut for hay, but not as groat as last year ; whilo the yield per aore will bo very much less. Bust and locusts in the northern, and caterpillars in the southern, districts of tho colony had last year tho effcot of causing a good deal of crop to be cut for hay which would otherwise have, been loft for grain. These causes have not exercised any influence this year, and tho quality of the hay ia good. There is a strong probability of a considerable quantity of hay being required in the neighboring colonies ; but it is questionable whether Victoria will possess more than sufficient to supply her own requirements. DUBBO P. AND A. ASSOCIATION.-The annual meeting of the Dubbo . Pastoral and Agricultural Association was held in the society's rooms on January ll ^ Mr. T. Baird, J.P., in tho chair. A very flourishing report was prosented ; the balance sheet showing a credit balance of ¿2250. Tho election of officers for tho ensuing year re- sulted as follows : President, Mri P. E. Body ; vice- presidents, Messrs. T. Baird, P. Mack, J. Grieves ; secretary, Mr. G. H. Taylor ; treasurer, Mr. J. Holmes ; auditors, Messrs. M. Manning, T. Heydon ; committee, Messrs. D. Cameron, J. Samuels, C. H. Fitzgerald. J. O. Maohattio, J. T. Brown, A. H. Fearon, W. E. Morgan, H. M'Quade, N. Muller, J.F. Phillips, E. Chapman, W. S. Caswell, G. Links, W. Moffatt, B. JVJ. Ryan, M. J. Byan, J. Morris, sen., J. Fink, F. Bowman, and J. Sparkes. THE BECENT FLOODS IN VICTORIA.-The local bodies representing the districts- affected by the recent, disastrous floods in tho Castlemaine district waited as a deputation on the Minister of Public Works on January ll, and urged that tho Govorn: ment should undertake tho work of the construction arid repairs of the roads, .bridges, culverts, &a.;, washed away. Tho total estimated damage to the municipal works was ¿624,590 ; and it was argued that the local bodies wero not ina position to make good this loss, as the individual ratepayers had all suffered, and could not bear a farther strain. The Minister of Works acknowledged that the matter should bo considered from a national point of view, and promised to warmly urge his colleagues to place the money necessary to carry out the works on tho estimates. - . THE WILCANNIA HOSPITAL.-The annual meet- ing cf the directors of the hospital was held last week. The medical officer's report showed that 188 cases had .been treated during the year, of which 115 were cured and relieved, 14 died, and 9 remained in the hospital. The total receipts for the- year amounted to ¿61500 14s lld. Of thia amount ¿8601 9s 6d formed the Government subsidy; the balance being subscriptions, proceeds of entertainments, &o.; ¿8620 ls -5d aro due as a subsidy- on thia year's subscriptions ; and there is a credit balance of ¿6261 4s 6d to Btart the new year with. The following officers wore elected for the ensuing'year : President, Mr. E. W. Bancroft;- vice-president, Mr. O; C. M'Dougall; committee, Messrs. Stone, O'Leary, O'Donnell, Morris, Doake, Soley, Pike, Keeble and Bamsay. ' ; FORBES STATISTICS.-The report of the inspector of stock for the Forbes district shows that during last year 42,961 fat and 33,977 store sheep left tho district (total, 376,933) ; while 205,986 sheep came into the district, and 486;359 sheep passed - through from other districts.. 179,952 sheep left in excess of tiio number which came into thé district. The totals of all stock which travelled in the district were I, 183,266 sheep, 54j795 cattle, and 214 horses. Tho numbers'in the Forbes district on December 31 were 1,290,761 sheep, ^7-000 cattle, 6500 horses, and 2968 pigs ; 181 sheep brands arid marks and 105 horse and cattle brands were registered during the year. The land revenue was ¿819,000. At the mining registrar's office, 318 miners' rights, 10 business, and 18 mineral licences were issued ; 2 mineral leases for 120 acres, arid 31 gold leases for 297 acres were taken up. The revenue from tho office of the clerk bf petty sessions was ¿82137 5s 7d. There was 199 births, 51 deaths, and 37 marriages. VINE-GROWING: IN QUBENSLAND.-The Queens- land Under-secretary of Agriculture, reporting upon viticulture and wine-making in the southern distriota of Queensland said: "The importance of tho vine industry would justify the Government in appointing an expert who would be able to deal with tho whole question of grape-growing.and wine-making. An expert such as suggested would form part of the staff in connection with a School of Agriculture, which should be established'as early as possiblo, and which should have a viticultura! laboratory in connection with it. The school would be combined with a farm for practical teaching, and would Boon ; become self supporting. In view, of the danger of the invasion oí " phylloxéra vastatrix," a bill should be introduced into Parliament .making provision for vino yards- attacked being rigorously dealt with, and viticultural associations should be establishoc in grape-growing localities. A meeting of such loca societies would afford opportunities for the inter change of opinions and advice, and enable overj member to follow his calling, in a moro systematic manner and with increased intelligence. Surf associations being. established, the Department o Agriculture would bo able to inaugurato convention! where all branches of- industry could bb brough' together, and from which much sound informatioi would bo evolved. . - - - BUTTER FACTORY AT WOODBURN.-A meeting of the Woodburn progress committee was held on Saturday evening last for tho purpose of taking pre- i liminary steps toward the formation of a butter ; factory in the district. It was unanimously agreed thatto secure a large representativo meeting, a special gathering of the whole of the farmers for a radius of five miles round should be summoned, and that the conference be held in a month's time. It was farther decided to obtain accurate information, on all the latest scientific and practical modes of butter making. FRUITGROWERS' UNION.-^A. deputation from the Fruitgrowers' Union of Now South Wale3 waited upon tho Ballway Commissioners on the 11th instant, for tho purpose of urging upon thom the desirableness of establishing a quicker mode of transit for fruit be- tween Sydney and Parramatta, and also the necessity for providing speoial carriages for convoying fruit to the metropolis. Mr. Eddy, on behalf of the Com- missioners, intimated that some new carriages of a speoial typo were to bo introduced for tho fruit trade ; that tho fruitgrowers had their full sympathy in thia matter ; and that if anything could bo dono in the way of lessening tho timo of transit, it should be carried into effect. ALBURY AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.-At a meeting of the Agricultural Society last week a balance-sheet was submitted showing that tho receipts for the past year had amounted to ¿830G8, and that a credit bal- ance of ¿823 had resulted on tho operations of the yoar. Wednesday, and Thursday, Soptemhor ll and 12, were flied as the . datos of tho annual show. Ar' communication was read from tho chief inspector of stook dealing with;, the proposal.,to : judge sheep by points, and also pointing out the necessity for oompiling- ; the- Australasian .shoep- «tad book for tho'guidanco of purchasers of stud rams for the » improvement of ßtock. . Stross was laid on the danger of the possible introduction of an inferior strain of blood into the flocks, owing to tho absence of an authoritative record of tho breeding of sheep offered at tho annual metropolitan sheep sales. It was urged, in support of the compilation of tho work, that, as in the case of tho cattlo stud book, tho valuo of stook would bo considerably enhanced by the question of breeding being placod- beyond a doubt. It'was decided that at tho annual meeting of tho society, to bo held on the 30th instant, a sub-committee bo' ap- pointed to consider tho proposals, and report on the conoluBion arrived at. 