COUNTRY NEWS. ' I [BY TELEQUAPII.I (FROM OUR CORRESPOND PNT6.V BULLI, MONDAY. Westerly gnlos coniuiencod yesterday and Etil prevail. Extensivo bushfiros aro raging. COWRA. MONDAY. Alderman M'Phnrson was tendered a valedictory ban ' quot by his brother aldermen Bnd other local gentlenioi et tho Royal Hotel pa Saturday night, and loft b; train for Sydnoy yesterday. Tho weather is changeable, with every appearance o rain. DUBBO, MONDAY. A party of gentlemen loft Dubbo on Saturday evon> ing for a day's fishing. They camped Saturday nifrh on the river, 15 miles from here, and came to towt yesterday evening, having caught 72 fish weighing li cwt. Other fishing parties woro out and made goot hauls. G LEX INNES, MONDAY. On Saturday evening Mr. Vere D. II. Besnard, C.P.S., &c;, who has been promoted to Bourko, wai presented, with a public testimonial consisting of ai illuminated address, a froid watch and fruard. To morrow tho. Bench of Magistrates will present Mr Besnard with an illuminated address, testifying to th< efficient, dischargo of bia publio duties during the pas four yours. KIAMA, MONDAY. A confinjrent. of Grammar School cadets, 13 ir number, aro now encamped at Barroul butts, when they aro practising; rifle shooting. Sovoral whales, some of thom of largo size ap- parently, worn seen off Kinma this afternoon. The min that full hero in IG dav« durra? this month amounted tn 550 points. The district is now looking beautiful, every bill and vale being clothed with sprinc verdure Grass ia plentiful, and stock aro in splendid condition. LISMORE, MONDAY. Captain Jackson, of tho Tomki, which arrived this evening:, complains stronglv of tho quantity of timber iloatinti in tho rivor, makins navigation exceeding')' dangerous, «nd causing him to bring bis vessel up dead slow for the last 10 miles or more. Four riflemen from the local corps have entered for tho Association matches, but are unable to got ammu- nition from Sydnoy to keep up practice. MILTON, MONDAY. Tho lighthouse at Ulladulla is nearly comidotrd. Tho loading liirhts for the port required for th" fishing industry aro going: ahead. Two twelve-ton well boats and other smnller craft are making great hauls. At Milton the rainfall for September was 318 points, tho total up to .CO|ifpmber 30fli being; 36'72in. Tho total for the correspon ing' period lust year was 12-lGin, covering 98 days this year, and only 49 days lust year. Strong; westerly winds aro prevailing, but it is a splendid spring. There is plenty of grass, and stock aro in excellent condition. MITTAGONG, MONDAY. Ata meeting: of the Municipal Council Mr John Mealing was elected unanimously as the first Mayor of Mittagong, all tho aldermen being prosont. MORANGARELL, MONDAY. ? Shearing is in full progress. The weather ÍB favour- able. , All sheds are cutting under union rules, savo Stratford, Curraburrama, Firench, and Bland Plains. Tho roller woolpress invented by Mr. S. Ellis, a farmer, of Narraburra, is exciting mitch attention. It will press 94 big: fii'oces .or 120 small ones, and could bo carried on an ordinury man's back. Neither lever nor screw is used. MURWILLUMBAH, MONDAY. The Government dredge completed excat-ating a channel through Woinniin Flat last Wednesday, and tho channel was completely silted up on Saturday. It is considered n waste of money to continue work with only ono si.lt punt. This channel will not keep open until the island channel is blocked up. ' ' NARRABRI. MONDAY. Richard Fletcher, aped 19, son of an old resident, was tbrowp from his horse yesterday and died at 1 o'clock this morning. NEWCASTLE, MONDAY. Ten thousand four hundred and twenty-two bales of wool have reached NewcaMlo from tho interior since tho commencement of the present season. PORT MACQUARIE, MONDAY. It is reported that Mr. Carruthers, the Minister for Public Instruction, will visit tho electorate shortly to .advocate free-trado principles. Sir Thomas Esmonde is announced to speak here to- night in the cause Of the Irish tenants. Ho goes to Kempsey afterwards. The weather is now beautifully finn, and everything is prosperous. Tho roads in the district aro in a bad state after thc late rains. Farming operations and .maize planting aro in full swing. TAREE, MONDAY. Tho Taree recreation ground bas not yet been handed over to the municipal council, and consequently another season has been lost for planting; trees. Mr. and j.Mrs. Higrgins, from Little Bay Hospital, who have been appointed warder and matron of the Manning River Hospital, commenced their duties to- day. The weathpr is beautifully fine. Feed and water aro abundant. The late rains destroyed the potato crops on tho Lower Monning, but agricultural and pastoral prospects are generally good. Business is rather dull ' throughout the district. WAGGA WAGGA, MONDAY. NO civil cases wore beard at the Assize Court. Mr. Justico Foster will probably leave hore to-morrow. A four days' sitting of the land board commences to-morrow. There are a large number of oases to be decided. Tho weather ia dull. The river is falling slowly. It is now lift. Oin. above summer level. Fivo points of rain fell last evening ; 13 points wero registered yesterday at Tumut. The river nt Gundagai is 9ft. above summer level. WEST MAITLAND, MONDAY. Tho trustees ot tho Presbyterian Church Glebe land, situate at tho western ond of High-street, having my ' vited competitive designs for fivo shops, plans drawn by L"0 nnd Scobie, architects, of this town, have been adopted, and tenders for tho erection of the buildings will shortly be called for. WINDSOR, MONDAY. Mr. John Town, of Enfield, near Richmond, an old * resident, died yesterday, and was buried to-day. His funeral was a very large one. An accidental case of drowning occurred to-day at the residence of the lato Mr. Nowcumn, Belmont, Richmond. A tub half full of water was left in the v ' yard, and, whilst the mother was busy, tho child of ? the caretaker got ut it. Some littlo timo afterwards the mother made search for the child, and found it had fallen into the tub and been drowned. WINGHAM, MONDAY. Mr. Joshua Cochrane, J.P., was unanimously elected first mayor of Wingham to- day. WILCANNIA, MONDAY. The steamor departures aro :-Goldsbro', yesterday, for Echuca, partly laden with wool; .Avoca, to-day, for Morgan. Arrivals: Wilcannia, upstream. On Satur- day the Ex-.nlsior arrived ut VJ i/utworth from the Darling;, anti sailed for Morgan. On Saturday the Ariel arrived from Wilcannia. The Pride left for Echuca on Saturday; th« (/pru left for Morg:an. The Murrumbidcee arrived f...m the Darling. Tho ' ' Princess Roynl mad Moira arrived at Menindie down '?'?'. Btroam. Tho Tolarno loft. Pooncarie upstream. Yes terday the Lady of Ibo Luko arrived at Tilpa upstream, . and to-day the Rodney arrived at Swan Hill from ' Echuca. Several teams laden with Momba wool arrived at Wilcannia to-day. YOUNG, MONDAY. An old man named John Fife, a carpenter, for many years in the employ of Mr. M'Kinnon, of Memagong, was found dead in one of the paddocks this morning. He left Young on his return home yesterday afternoon, and is supposed to have been thrown from his horse. An inquest is to be held. The weather is cold and unsettled. rivaUod.-[ADVT.i . 