JERILDERIE. (FROM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT.) MONDAY, October 7. On Tuesday last quite a gloom was cast over the townBhsp when it became known that Mr. Duncan Kankin, a much-respected resident, who for souie time past has been in the employ of Mr Andrew Reid, the local blacksmith, had met his death by drowning. From what I can glean it appears that the deceased, who was an amateur oarsman, had of late been in the habit of exercising on the Billabong in the vicinity of the overshot dam, which adjoins the township Over the dam at the present time a seething mass of water is rushing, causing at the foot of the dam head a boiling whirlpool. It is supposed that Mr. Rankin, thoughtlessly apprjHching the dam too close, was drawn in by the backwater and his boat overturned. As soon as the occurrence of the catastrophe be came known a large number of the resideuts of the town proceeded to the river to aid xn recovering the body, but in such awe was the fatal spot held that few volunteeis could be found to man the boats. However, dragging was proceeded with till late on Tuesday night without cfleet. Shortly after daylight on Wednesday morning dragging was resumed by Constable Bell and Mr. Wright, a local publican, and eventually late in the evening of the same day the body was discovered by them in 8ft. of water, about 100 yards below the scene of the fatality. The deceased, who was only 23 years of age, was highly esteemed and respected by everybody in the townships and had by his steady, sober, obliging, and industrious habits made for himself many Jrieuds Besides having always the interest of tbe townspeople at heart, he was a prominent tnenibar of the local dancing circles, and on more than <inc occasion acted as tbeir M.C. Four nights before his death he had attended the Odd- fellows' ball in this capacity, and on the night of the recovery of his body a farewell party to an old resident had been arranged for; bat this was but sparsely attended, many of the deceased's friends declining the invitation, they most properly considering that the same should be postponed Beeing that the deceased body was laid out in a room in close proximity to the dancing hall. The funeral, which took place on Friday, waB largely attended. On Saturday last tbe fotindation-stone of our local hospital was laid by Mrs. M'Farland, of Sout*) Tathong, in tbe presence of a large congregation of people. A half-holiday having been proclaimed in honor of the occasion, the residents all turned out in gala costumes, and sports and other amusements for the young fry was indulged in. During the laying of the stone over £100 was collected, Messrs, M'Farland and M'Caughey heading the list with 10 guineas each. A concert and dance in aid of the funds was also held on the previous night, but owing to the gloom occasioned by the sad death of young Kankin the efforts of the promoters were not attended with decided success. Throughout the district shearing is now almost completed, there being but few sheds left to cut out. The shearing throughout has been attended without a single disturbance, and this is highly creditable to the Union and police authorities, also the squatters. Tbe waters of the Billabong are fast receding, and the roads are again becoming fit for traffic. This is a splendid season for the squatters, and the only things now to be feared are the bushfires of the future. 