The Storyteller. Jane. [BY MARK WEST.] ( Australasian .) Two women stood in the kitchen of an extremely unpretentious dwelling, deep buried in a remote corner of the Victorian bus, and dismissed a question of, to them, vital interest. One was a girl of one or two and twenty, exceedingly pleasant to look upon, tall, somewhat slim, and carrying herself with an ease and grace born of bodily health and fostered into habit. She wore a faded print gown, the cut of which hinted at bygone better days ; und in one hand she held a wide-brimmed straw bat. The other was some three or four years the elder of the two, and bore a sufficient likeness to the girl to mark the sisterly relationship between them. But where the girl was strong she was weak, and she stood with the resigned droop of the shoulders of one who experts to have a burden bound thereon, but plainly lacked the fortitude to bear such burden with wise courage, or, indeed, anyhow but with feeble protest. The corners of her mouth had a downward tendency, and between her brows two lines ran up to meet the dark hair that grew low on her broad forehead. She, too, wore a faded print gown ; but where her sister's dress borrowed a re- flected grace from its wearer, hers hung in dejected lines and curves, and con- trived to look very shabby and helpless indeed. The kitchen in which they stood was of the ordinary rough bush type. The walls were constructed of thick upright slabs, deeply discoloured by age and smoke. The naked rafters stretched from side to side ; above them rose the pointed bark roof, lashed here and there to the ridge pole with iron wire. A vast stone fireplace yawned at one end of the room ; two doors facing each other turned on hinges formed of in- verted bottles. One small window, set directly below the eaves, let in the light ; the floor was of hardened clay. The furniture of this severely simple chamber was scanty and of primitive make. A wooden sofa, modelled on the American pattern, a rough table, a small dresser, on which were neatly ranged the ordinary utensils, and a large safe, whose open doors disclosed significantly empty shelves — voila tout. This empty safe formed the centre round which the conference circled. Look they never so sharply they could espy nothing therein save a small and shining milk pan, containing about a pint of milk. And the question under consideration was —What was to be done ? " Things have been bad enough before, goodness knows," said the elder woman, in soft complaining tones, " but never as bad as this. Just think, nothing to eat, and I feel as weak as water." " Poor Marcia," said the girl tenderly, " you must feel weak ; this heat is so try ing for you, poor dear. It is bad for any one — but especially for you." " Oh, I shall die when my time comes," said Marcia, with pathetic self-compas- sion. " I know that well enough. I have no strength to struggle through, Jane." " Oh, nonsense !" said Jane, cheerfully ; ' don't you remember last time you made certain you wouldn't get over it, you dear old goose ; but you got throught splen- didly. And so you will this time, please God !" " Ah, but things were not as bad— as much against me— as they are now ; and though I didn't die, my poor wee baby did," said Marcia, her eyes filling with tears. " There is no use in blinking matters, Jane. Even you must allow that I haven't much chance. But it doesn't matter, after all ; and in the meantime what are we to do for tea ?" " We'll have fresh bread," said Jane, wisely letting the petulance in Marcia's speech pass without comment. " I have just taken it out of the oven — see, doesn't it look splendid ? And I'm going down to the river now to see if I can't get some fish. If I don't then you must just eat me." " Oh, Jane !" remonstrated Marcia, " fishing in this heat ! You'll kill yourself, and then what'll become of poor me ? Besides the fish won't bite now. You had much better wait till the cool." " This heat !" echoed Jane with gay scorn ; ''pooh, it is nothing ! And I know a dark hole in one of the reaches where the fish will bite all day. Besides, if I don't go now just think how late it might be before we get our tea." " Well, well," said Marcia wearily ; " go then, only don't be long, it is so lonely here. I might be killed here all by my- self, and no one a bit the wiser. I wonder when Robert will be back !" " Goodness knows !" said Jane, with a smothered sigh. " He has been gone so long, one would think there were no sheep to be got with in a thousand miles at least ! He can't have the least idea of the straits we are in. It was very silly of him to sell all the sheep off the shears, and leave us none for killing." " He got a good price for them," ob- served Jane parenthetically. " Well, he left very little of it with us," said Marcia bitterly, " it soon ran out. And it only needs that Strawberry should go dry — she isn't far from it— and we shall be reduced to dry bread and tea without milk. And you won't kill any of the chickens ?" " I can't," said Jane desperately, " the eaglehawks have left us so few, and you can eat fish now, don't you see, but in a little while you won't be able to. We must keep the chickens if possible for that time, but, of course, if you want one very much, why," she shuddered slightly, " I must just shoot one !" " Shoot one !" exclaimed Marcia. open- ing her fine eyes very wide. " What a way to kill a fowl !" " Yes," said Jane apologetically, " but greatly I couldn't kill it any other way. It is awfully stupid of me, I know, but I can't kill things comfortably." The two sisters looked at each other silently after this confession— the only admission, tacit or verbal, of distaste for the uncongenial conditions of her daily life that had ever been permitted to escape from Jane's cheerful lips. Jane burned hotly over this lapse from self-possession, but Marcia's heart swelled painfully with a sudden taunt of mingled admiration, wonder, and affection for the girl who toiled hard, day after day, un- dismayed by severe and unaccustomed labour, innutritious, and, alas ! of late, insufficient food, for her sake— that things might go well with her. Her emotion found vent in a great and bitter cry. " Jane, Jane !" she said hysterically, " how good, how verg good you are, my poor dear ! To think that you have some to this for my sake ! What should I do without you? My God ! what would be- come of me ? I should be left to die here like a dog !" " Oh, Marcia, dear, what nonsense !" said Jane, trying to speak cheerfully. She dreaded these outbursts unspeakably, not Marcia in her then state of health, but also because they irritated her husband, and served to alienate his slovenly and selfish affection from her. " No one cares for me but you," con- tinued Marcia, with increasing bitterness. " Oh, Marcia !" interjected Jane, fib- bing hastily but unblushingly, " Robert does, you know ! What nonsense, dear." " Robert !" echoed Marcia, with pas- sionate scorn ; " and he can leave me here like this ! alone, at such a time—without enough money to buy even necessary food —far from the nearest neighbour — in daily danger from the bush-fires—with the burden f all his work left on your shoulders—you a girl, a lady, not brought up to toil ! to be done or left undone, just as your strength permits ! He care for me ! Why, what a simple fool you must think me !" " No, no," began Jane hurriedly ; but Marcia was not to be thus checked. " It is two months since he left us to buy sheep," she went on, " and there is no sign of him yet ! I declare to you, Jane, that sometimes I think he doesn't mean to come back at all, and I feel as if I should go mad !" She clasped her hands, with a tragic gesture of despair, and looking at Jane with a passion of distress in her dark eyes that wrung her sister's heart sharply. This was terrible ! All Jane's pains and troubles were wasted, it would seem. Into what labyrinths of lies had she not recklessly plunged ; how had she not tacitly perjured herself on the subject of Robert's unswerving devotion to his wife ? And to what purpose ? Marcia apparently on her side, had been busily engaged in hoodwinking her ; and this great rock of refuge from the storm of her sorely-troubled life— her faith in her husband—was as shadowy and baseless to her as to Jane herself. It was terrible. Jane could have cried aloud with a great and bitter cry ; but with her habit of self-control restrained the fierce impulse biting her pale lip till the blood almost came. " You musn't talk like that, dear," she said as gaily as she could. " You don't mean it, and you will only make your- self ill. It is this wretched weather ; it is enough to upset anyone." " And you have to go out in it, and forage for our next meal, after slaving all day ! It breaks my heart to think of it." " Don't, please don't," said Jane, hurriedly ; " I hate you to talk like that. I don t mind a single bit as long as you are all right— you know that. I am as strong as a horse ; it does me good to work. After all, it is only for a time ; Robert will soon work himself into better circumstances. He will be back soon, and then everything will go well." " God knows," said Marcia with tremb- ling lips ; her sudden passion of anger against her absent husband had almost spent its force, and she was entering on a new phase— fear for his well-being. " He has only writen once since he left. Any- thing might have happened to him for aught we know." " Oh ! he is all right, never fear !" said Jane, valiantly smothering an intense desire to add that " what is good for nothing never comes to harm." " No news is good news, Marcia. Very likely he is not far off at this very minute, driving the new sheep home, and here we are imagining all sort of things about him ! It will be all right soon. Only keep up your spirits and have a brave face for him when he does come." " Ah, Jane !" said Marcia, looking at the girl's bright face. " You always see the best side of everything. You always seem happy. How good you are to me. ! What would become of me without you ! If you were to leave me——" " But I am not going to leave you." " Ah, but sometimes I am terrified that you'll be persuaded to leave me. And, oh !' said Marcia, in a paroxysm of alarm, I can't bear even to think of it. Pro- mise me, promise me, Jane," she caught her sister's hand in hers, gripping it tightly, " that you won't leave me till I am stronger — or dead ?" " I won't leave you, my dear old girl," said Jane, with tears at her heart that found no outlet at her eyes. " As long as you need me so sorely, so don't worry yourself. No one is likely to want me as much as you do— or at all, for that matter." " Not as much certainly— but at all ! Well, sometimes I don't know, and I could almost hate him for his selfishness But you have promised not to leave me— and I feel safe." " I have promised," said Jane, firmly smothering a little sigh ; " rest easy, Marcia. And now I really must go if we are to have anything to eat to-night, I won't be longer than I can help." With a reassuring pat on her sister's thin hand she put on her hat, and taking her lines set off for the river. (To be continued.) 