THE GLENCOE ESTATE. Br BRUNL I had often heard of the great utility ot the Gippsland morassea tor cattle pasture in time of drought, and as the present season up to the end of the year had been exceptionally dry, I made fttrangements with Mr. George Coulson to pny him a visit at the Glencoe Estate, about six miles from Sale, on the southern bank of the Latrobe Kiver. 'J'o my great disappointment, just as I was starting from Sale I received news that the buck country was invaded by a large bush-fire, which everyone on the place was engaged in combating. As the weather was intensely hot, and it would require all hands to watch the burning logs and trees after the fire was got under, I decided to postpone my visit to a more convenient time. Alter an interval of a lew weeks I Bgiin started for Glencoe, and this time reached the place, but I was almost as unlucky ns when I first proposed to vi⁢ it. The country round Sale did not participate in the heavy rain that proved the breaking-up of the drought in Victoria, and the resident* of that part of the colony feared thoy would not got their share of the long-locked-for downfall. For tunately for the district the fear proved groundless. On the day I reached Glencoe the rain set in, and BO heavy was the storm that between 1 a.m. and 2 p.m. there fell 2iin. ot rain. As it was then raining heavily, with every prospect of continuing, I was obliged to curtail my visit. The state of the weather hindered me seeing much ot the country, hut what I did see interested nie greatly. The property is evidently capable of being greatly improved, but it labours under the disadvantage of bavins? been much neglectcd for many years past The country now known as tlis Glencoe Estate was first occupied by Mr. John Camp bell early in the forties. The year was one ot extreme drought, and this led the pioneer to leave what is now considered the beat grazing land in Gippsland and fix his home on the morass that stretches along the course of the Latrobe Kiver. On these deep, rich 11 its he was sure of an ample supply of food for his stock, no matter how hot or dry the season, while in the great extent of poor back country which was included within the boundaries ot his squatting run there was ample scope for the young stock to grow into cows and steers, lie fixed his steading on a pleasant bank that overlooks a long stretch of morass, whence the course ot the river can be seen about half a mile oway. Had dry Beasons been the rule in Gippsland, the location would have been a most advan tageous one, for the rich llats would fatten all the stock that could be raised in the poor back country, but with a return to moist seasons, the condition of things altered. The morasses became truly such, and were avail able only during a portion of the summer. The result was that the run became a breed ing station for the purpose ot supplying store stock to the holders of the country that had been overlooked by Mr. Campbell when he first settled in Gippsland. Since the old squatting days the Glencoe Estate has been greatly curtailed, but the heirs of the original proprietor still hold a fair-sized freehold bordering the river, and a large area of the back country is yet held under lease from the Crown. The land in the morass that borders the river is of the very richest description, but it does not ex tend far back. Bordering ttic morass is a strip of fair grazing country that is capable of being considerably improved ; inieed, with good management much ot tnU loamy, un dulating soil can, I believe, be made excellent grazing ground. Further back from the river tiere is a very decided change in the charac ter ot the soil. The loam gives way to a poor sand covered with shrubs and scraggy tim ber. It is mostly what is known among busti men as heathy country, and it is generally considered a eullicicnt condemnation of any country to give it that name. Worked with the lrontage, such country can be rendered useful, but ii requires the exercise ot eooie judgment in stocking to avoid producing runts instead of useful store cattle. It was raining heavily when 1 lett Sale, but all the weather wise folks predicted that it would eoon clear up-unfortunately for me they proved false prophets. A short drive along the Hats brought us to the bridge across the Thompson Kiver, where the pas sengers usually take steamer for the Lakes. Here the Glengarry joins the Thompson, and below the junction the stream is called the Latrobe. Between the two rivers is a splen did stretch of meadow land elevated very slightly above the level of the rivers. To judge by what I could see the soil in this Hat must be of great fertility, and as the water is so near the Burface, the pastures can never sutler much from drought A deal of the land bordering the road to the river is liable to inundation, and is uncnclosed. The pre sent dry season has proved the usefulness ot this low- lying land, and 1 noticed that all the roadside cattle were in excellent condition. My companion told me that in heavy lloods this road is impassable, owing to the im mense quantities of water that rush down from the hills, and of which the Latrobe is the only outlet. Along the course of the river there is a bank which is much higher than the adjoining Btrip of morass. On this embankment of Nature's forming there is a strip of timber with undergrowth, in which are many handsome plants growing. One I noticed particularly, a convolvulus bearing a large Ilower, most beautifully tinted with delicate shades of pink. The ilower is larger than that of the garden convolvulus, and I fancy would be a great acquisition if it could be domesticated, in doing which 1 fancy there would be no great difficulty. On the eouthern bank of the Latrobe we passed through the undulating loamy country that lies outBide the river mom&a.; It was not looking particularly well, but was not nearly BO much burned up as much ot the country on the Melbourne Bide of Sale. The steading of the Glencoe Estate partakes more of an old squatting home-station than any other place I know of in Victoria. There has been less change in the buildings than one finds elsewhere, and, though interesting to old bushmen as bringing back the me mories ot a bygone time, such tumble-down establishments are a great trouble to the one who has charge of them. Not having been very skilfully or strongly built, they con stantly require patching, and many a one has felt that, but for the temporary inconvienience i of their loss, it would be a great gain to burn them down and be done with them for good. The site is a pleasant one, being on a fine «pur that runs out from the undulating country, and ends abruptly in a steep bank. It is just the Bite that would attract one of the early pioneers looking tor a homestead. In front stretches the rich morass, which, when Mr. Campbell first saw it presented a magnificent pasture for cattle. Beyond, its course marked by a heavy fringe of treeB, runs the river, while for some distance on either hand and behind lies a goodly expense of fair grazing country. There was (his advantage-always a great attraction to the early explorers-the. morass was deepest at the toot of the bank, and coald be depended upon as a constant Water supply. Mr. Coulson, who manages the Glencoe Estate, is a firm believer in the possibility of draining the morass. He has a thorough knowledge of its formation, and has made the subject a careful study. Owing to the heavy rain and the consequent state of the morass, I was unable to go over the ground . but from what I could see, aided by an ex cellent plan of the estate, I am inclined to think Mr. Coulson can perform the work he thinks of undertaking, and that at a very moderate cost. The scheme is somewhat original, and contains some points that will be quite new to Australians and to most colonists. I have seen drainage works of vast extent conducted on a somewhat similar plan to that Mr. Coulson has thought out for himself, and if it answers on a large scale it should be equally successful on a small one. The bank of the river is raised considerably above the 6uriace of the morass Bave in one or two placeB, where it could be easily made up. Mr. Coulson's plan is to make use of a lew natural channels that run through the morass, making emill cuttings here and there to connect them, and nt a point where the water is brought to the river bank erect u atonm plant or two or three powerful wind mill.", and thus pump the surface water back into the river. During the winter time the llat-* _ will be under water, but by the plan he has in view Mr. Coulson thinks he could get rid of the surface water at the end of spring, and thus have the use of the morass all summer und autumn. A great power would not be required, as it would be necessary to raise Hie water only four or five feet to clear the river bank. About two years ago the morass became quite dry, and very soon the surface was clothed with $ mas»Jof white clover. It is difficult to account for the pre sence of this plant in such abundance on l;md that for years before had been under water. Such a 6chnme as that proposed by Mr. Coulson would of couroe be of no avail asaiust the great Hoods that at times cover all the low-lying lands along the course of the streams that torm the Latrobe. When one of these lloods occur the people on the south bank of the river are cut off from all com munication with Sale by road. Anyone wishing to reach town roust go by boat, and with so many stumps of trees on the banks, and strong eddies, the passage is by no mentis a safe or a pleasant one. In these Hood s fences arc swept away, crops destroyed, and cattle carried oft", many of which are never seep, again. The residents near the river always look for a flood coming down, ol which there is generally fair warning given by the settlers along the stream. At times a llocd will occur when there has been scarcely any rain in the low country, the Hood on these occasions being caused by heavy storms in the mountains. Some of the worst and most disastrous Hoods are said to have occurred on the occasion of the break up of a drought. At such a time, the soil all over the country being almost as hard as a brick, the water does not penetrate, and thus more water runs into the streams than when the soil is moist. It was the fear ot such a thing happening tliat helped materially to curtail my visit. Mr. Conlso.'i had a number of cattle 011 a piece of low-lying country some miles away that was particularly liable to inundation, and when lie saw the rain- gauge register 2iin. in 13 hours he became uneasy about the safety of the stock. The Glencoe herd consists of about 2,000 head all told. For many years the cattle had a strong dash of llereiord blood, which gave great hardihood and a disposition to grow and thrive on very moderate pastures. Short horns then became the rage, nnd the blood was introduced into the herd, the result being n loss of some ot that hardihood that tnade the cattle so well suited to the country in which they were reared. Mr. Coulson is now going back again to the Hereford, and he has funned a small stud herd for the purpose of breeding fir^t-class sires. .The young stock are kept in the heathy Couiilry while growing, unless a very bad season should necessitate their removal to the better pastures of the frontage. Being obliged to seek their living over a wide range ot poorly grassed land, they grow up ex tremely robust and thrifty. Though the country is poor, they develope a good-sized frame. A few months before being sent to market, they are put on good grass, and are thus started to improve before they go to the fattening pastures. The steers from Glencoe are highly esteemed, and always realise top price in the market They well deserve a good price, for such stock when put on to rich pastures begin to take on fat at once. 1 hey are mostly sold at about three and a half to tour years old ; for if not well 6et be fore being put on the fattening pasture they are apt to increase in size instead of fatten ing. I heard of several instances in which steers Irom this estate have given as much profit in a few months to the owner of fat tening pastures as the person who reared them obtained in as many yeare. There is a small lot of fairly well-bred Berkshire pigs at Glencoe, enough to form the nucleus of a good herd. As he gets the P'ace. ,nto order Mr. Coulson intends in creasing the number of pigs considerably. In the morass there is a fine feeding ground lor the breeding stock, while roots grow well on the loamy land and on the Hat. Peas, barley, and oats also give trood returns on the undulating banks. The place is well suited, both as regards soil nnd climate, for raising and fattening pigs in large quantities, and so thoroughly is Mr. Coulson impressed ? Ji!"1 i JPr°fit to be derived from pig raising that I fully anticipate seeing one of the largest herds in Victoria of this most useful description of farm stock located at Glencoe before many years have pasBed by. 