r .. » NT otwitihstanding the great heat of the past fortnight, the pastures continue to make a rapid growth, and maintain a delightful verdant appearance. The rain, generally speaking, .descended just fast enough to be all absorbed by the thirsting soil". Heat and moisture being all that is necessary for rapid growth, the change that has been brought about, particularly ill artificial pastures, is simply magical. Lucerne plots have shown almost incredible growth, fully establishing its claim as the best- known -.1 A U n « rt» AT\OVQ Tl'rtll 5' jjlcttib 1U1 Knimiw.L iuuucl. ALai vccwiigvviuvwMv are still proceeding in the late districts such as Kyneton, Lancefield, Daylesford, and Ballarat. Considerable damage was done to crops ill those-districts by the heavy rains, both the hay and grain crops being very much dis coloured. Hay has fallen in price, but, if the weather continues hot and dry for a few weeks there will very soon be an increased demand forthis product. There are numerous complaints regarding the quality of the butter reaching market, and dairymen should be very, careful not to permit their milking cattle to feed too long at a time on lucerne or in other fields where there is a rank growth. In the early dis tricts preparations will shortly have to be made for ploughing, and this operation cannot now be commenced too soon, as early and deep ploughing means a good seed-bed by the time the farmers arexeady to sow their grain. Land holders need to be reminded that their hearty co-operation is now necessary in subduing "the rabbit pest. We hear from all quarters that the rodents are on the increase, and it is cer tainly to the interests of landholders them selves to unite in destroying the, common enemy without having to be forced into the position by the municipal councils. Tho liAWocf miiolliov fnr HinAfAon years has recently visited nearly all parts of New South "Wales, and it is feared that the ex cessive heat coming so suddenly will neutralise to a great extent the benefieial effects of the rain. The young and tender pasture which was encouraged to shoot up again has in many places been withered without a chance of maturing. Hot and muggy, oppressive weather has been the rule around the metropolis and near the coast. On the tableland bushfires have been raging, and the smoke has been hanging heavily about the lowlands. Over the moun tains the heat felt and registeredhasapproaclied a maximum. At Cobar it reached 114deg. in the shade; at Deniliquin, HSdeg. in the shade; at Tarn worth, lOOdeg. to lOfdeg.; at Merriwa, llOdeg.; and at Bourke, 117deg. (15th inst.). In Sydney it reached 1028<leg. on the 14th inst. The greatest heat ever ex perienced in Sydney was in January, 1863, when the thermometer rose to 1069-10deg. . in the shade; the greatest heat ever recorded in the colony was at Bourke, ou 17th January, 1877, when the thermometer rose to 12cf5 deg. The highest ever recorded by a scien tific observer was by Sturt, in the interior of Australia, where, under the shade of a tree, his thermometer reached 131deg. .That ex perience has never been repeated by any settler so far as has been recorded, but there is no reason to doubt the accuracy of Sturt's obser vation. Hot winds have been experienced _ in Mudgee. Very little stock is being moved ; and the pastures and tanks are drying up again, although the livers, are full and running; but the Namoi is reported as being putrid at NarrabrL Rain is said to be badly wanted at Bathurst. Just for the moment stock generally are doing well ; but, though prices of feed stuff are lower, the imports continue to come in largely. For the relief of suffering humanity, a southerly buster on Monday even ing cooled the air. But the weather has turned warm again. The majority of Victorian farmers have to pur chase nearly every article required in daily use in every family, all of which could be produced on the farm with the same ease and certainty as wheat, arid with a much better xjrospect of continued eliicl stfisictccoi'j'' grouts, it nidi- vidual farmers would take this subject of a greater diversity of crops .home to themselves, ; and study it in "the light of the benefits it would bring to their own households, and act in accordance with their own best judgment, we should hear much less complaint of hard times and the unprofitableness of farming as an occu pation. Our farmers, as a class and as indi viduals, trust too much to the failure or success of single operations — of single crops. The grain grower turns all his attention to grain, and buys his butter, cheese, potatoes, cabbage, bacon, pork, beef and mutton, andmany times his eggs, his green and dried fruit, and many other little necessaries and luxuries which he might just as well produce on his own farm. Ik there any wonder, then, at the end of the year he finds the "proceeds of his single grain" crop all ex hausted, even in a season of good crops and good prices ? And if such he the case under favourable circumstances, what must be his condition when his wheat crop fails or when the crop being abundant he can find neither foreign nor home demand for it, as has been shown may happen almost any year? To render farmers independent and insure their permanent prosperity the entire system of farming must be changed. Each farm must produce the necessary vegetables and fruit of all kinds for the family, must- support a" few sheep, a few pigs, chickens, turkeys, and all the other necessaries that go to make life on the farm, comfortable and the occupation of the farmer independent and remunerative. The "greenness" of people who live in this country is regarded as proverbial, but the " sharper has to get up pretty early in order to get the better of the average Australian farmer. In the United States the farmer is the prey of all kinds of scamps, as paragraphs in American papers are . constantly illustrating. The most common expedient just now appears to be that of getting- a farmer to sign what he supposes to be an ordinary sale, contract, but which turns out to. be a promissory note. For example, the Chicago Tanneri? Jievk-iv reports a ttfck lately played extensively in j the dairying ; districtsofNewYorkState. Butter is tliere abun- ; dant and cheap. Suddenly there" appear some bustling buyers, who represent, themselves as : belonging to well-known. New Yoik" firms. ; After inspecting the goods; thegr offer tWo or - three bents above the0 market1 value -of the ; ariideaud ask the farmer to deliver it at a 1 attain time fl.n£ place. to sign a contract to- this effect. Thfi; farrier signs, and a few flayer weetfelater a gggularly draWnnoJe is area&sfed; jfco note Which he has sold to some third party: Of cbnrse, the fooiisn 1 man had not read over what he had 6igned, or j if be read it, h© was.too denfie to understand' it. It is- pleasant, fiovreyCT, to re'id that, the biter sometimes gets bitten. Thu s, we read in an American expunge- tlmt a ihaiyger bought a couutryinanls farm in Ohio for i£ 1,000, ana j paid hiiri dfihOO # ihh bargain, "a like amount tbhe;f orbited b|y the farmer if he did ; not deliver the farm ata specifieddate. A few days.later the partner of Sharper. No 1 c®6 along and offered the farmer £ 1,600 for his land, but the latter was too honest to break his bargain. Then. No. 1 came back, and understanding that the country man was in luck, . proposed to share it with him. - He would release ms bar gain for £300, and the farmer might make £300 by selling to No. 2. " But the fanner was anxious to stick to his first bargain ; the old \- place wasn't worth more than £1,000 any way. No. 1 would take £240, £200, £160, and finally the £100 which he had paid the farmer. But no ; the countryman proposed to carry out the original agreement, and the result was that the £100 forfeit was left in his hands. . 1 '! 1 J _ Y II ' nllci ATI A m nliOclTi OjllvIlOrity Oil Ulduuv o us that if a herd of dairy cows is to be made a profitable possession, the farm on which it is kept must first of ail be in a profitable con dition. A rich farm makes rich milk, and such .milk makes the dairyman rich. It is a mistake to think that just because one. possesses a. dairy herd his income is assured. A good herd is spoiled by a bad farm, poor pastures, and poor management. Depend upon it the good herd will not make the farm good, nor remain long in a condition better than the farm. There is nothing more important in the way of perfecting the dairy herd than that of getting the cows into good habits. Just as good habits are the governing principles of the growing child, so it is with the coming cow. She is the pure creature of habit, and this trait should be cultivated and trained. The character of the cow seems to partake strongly of her surround ings, and this is governed by the nature of the man who directs the. farm. If he is careless and ignorant, the cow is certain to be equally careless and ignorant, and if he is pushing, energetic, and go-ahead in his style of business, the cow will respond to these sentiments. By simply looking at the farm you can usually tell the style of animal jrou will find on the fann. From this we learn that tne man s irmia is the starting point from, which all good, or evil flows throughout the whole working of the farm- and the animals on it. Just as he wills it, 60 it will be, and there is no escaping tliis conclusion, no matter how much he may lay the responsibility to luck, the weather, or the moon. Lay the blame for what goes wrong to your own head, and nine times out of ten you will have reached the origin of all your troubles. Teach your cows that- they have certain duties to perform at certahi hours of the day, and it is wonderful how promptly they will respond to your reasonable require- j ments. But this must be done with religious regularity, not only in matters of -importance, but particularly in those points of apparent small necessity. Cows should not only be fed and milked at regular hours, but they should be made to always occupy the same stalls, and he milked in the same order. These little things go a great way in fixing her character, and often settle the point of profit or loss in the year's work. j One of the best paying animals on the farm, j says the American Cultivator, is the pig. He can j digest almost every kind of refuse produced from the farm ; he works up leaves, straw, weeds, and sods into fine m-inure, and when | the animal is slaughtered every particle of it I can be made use of. They are profitable, but they are so only when rightly fed and managed. The man that cares not to feed his stock on decent food doesn't deserve to have any ; and j he rarely succeeds in getting a profit out- of I them, as some mysterious disease usually makes j its appearance and sweeps his stock of pigs, : and he calls it his luck, when most of the time it can be traced to bad food and worse sur roundings. The man anywhere who is not overcome by his enemies will find after a time that they have helped rather than harmed him. Some tribes of savages have a curious idea that their braves become endowed with all the prowess of the enemies whom they kill in battle. So they go to war with the greater vigour as a means of self-improvement. There is some question as to the validity of this savage heathen notion ; but there can be no 1 doubt that so far as men combat inanimate obstacles, they are benefited by the effort required to overcome from them. The extra culture which is a-equired to subdue weeds bas a beneficial effect upon the soil ; without this necessity it might j he neglected. The soil grows richer. "Weed? increase "proportionahly and crowd out of the business those who do not give farming the proper attention. Insect enemies increase the farmer's cares, and fully keep pace with the saving of his labour made by improved farming implements. This is especially true in new departments of farming. Potatoes have several enemies besides the rot, and most of these were unknown until potatoes began to be grbwri on a large scale. In fruit growing this . is especially true. Wherever enormous orchards i are planted the codling moth and canker i worm depredate on the apple, the slug upon the pear, and the curculio on plum and other stone fruits. The winner of the sweepstakes prize for cattle | at the last Chicago Show was Mr. Imhoden's Aberdeen- Angus Dot. His age at the opening of the showr was 863 days, and his weight 1,5151b., which lflb. for each day of his life. The victory of the Aberdeen- Angus was un expected, and the result, of course gave un bounded satisfaction to the admirers of this breed. 