REVIEWS. CASSELL'S PICTURESQUE AUS TR AL AST A. fil Under tho guidance of an able editor somo .score aud a half of Australian litterateur* havo been engaged to write tho lotterpross of these .volumes (pp. 618 largo octavo), nnd both editor and staff have doue timk- work well. Hie plan of tho work doon not permit of any consecution in treatment ; each wriror has been left to deal in his own way with tim sub- ject .with which presumably ha ia boat ac- quainted; and as ordor in any satisfactory .sense was impossible, it has been thought better to consult variety by introduoiug irregularly different aspects of tho subjeet, and by passing indifferently from one colony to another. This was of loss conse- quence in a book which no ono is supposed to read straight through, but which is to lie on the table and be taken up at intervals as owner or visitor may feel disposed. But no doubt also the readier sale of the book was allowed to somewhat determine its form ; .and if there be rfn ultimnto inoonvenience in its disorder, it is tho penalty of the restlos» spirit of the age. Volume II. (the firht of tho two bofore us) opens seasonably with a chapter on .the well-worn story of "Explorers by Sea," in whioh our old friends tho Endeavour, the .Investigator, and the Beagle (with Captain Cook and Charles Darwin, of course) are turned out again and duly illustrated. Volume III. 'contains, the one at tho middle and the other ,at tho end, two chapters ou laud exploration entitled "Early" and "Later Explorers hy 'Land." Besides thefle thero are such general topics as "Somo Birds and Beasts," "A . Bullook-drivor's Adventures," "Tho Brumby" ? (or horse management), "The Sheep and his Wool," "Freo Solection and Selectors," the Bush and bush-fires, the Aborigines, and the Mirage. Of the scenic descriptions, whieh , occupy, and rightly, by far the greater part of the volumoa, tome few are intercolonial-as Melbourne to Sydney by rail, the Adelaide and Melbourne Railway, aud the Murray and its tributaries, but naturally for the most part some special feature is selected for delintîation. New South "Wales, both from its history and natural attractions, holds the Icadintr phire. Eleven chapters aro devoted to its illustration, includ- ing two accounts of Bathurst (that cradle of exploration), the Bluo Mountains, the Jenolan Caves, and, of course, "tho finest harbour in the world, sir." Next follows Victoria, withsovon chapters, of which perhaps the host, pictorially, are the Australian Alps and Gippsland. New Zealand, as her unparalloled scenery deserves, has six ohapters, offoring some of the finest illustrations in the book, such as tho Otira Gorare and Martin's Bay track. South Aus- tralia and Tasmania have each three chapters, Western Australia two, and Now Guinea one. Five ohapters aro devoted to Que'enBland, treat- ing of Rockhampton (Wheatcroft), tho Groat Barrier Reef (Nisbet), the Never Never Country (Margaret Seymour), Queensland past and present (the same author), and South Queensland (Anonymous). Amongst other scenes illustrated in these five chapters wo havo tho Olsen Caves, the Barron River Falls, pearl divers at work, grass and bottle trees and ferns, the Glass Mountains, the Liverpool Ranee, and emigrants landing in Queensland. The illustrations, which number about 400, including twonty full pago plates, are on the whole admirably selected, and aro in many cases gems of art. Putting the letterpress alto- gether asido, they aro in themselves a feast to the patriotio colonist, and will give unfailing delight where not a line is read in explanation. Even a casual glance through theso volumes will do much to disposo the popular delusion (popular at least in the old country) that tho Australian colonies aro mero sheep or cattlo runs, bereft of all that is grand or picturesque in the world of Nature. Tho printing and general get-up of the work is in harmony with its high artistic purpose, and the entire pro- duction reflects new credit on the enterprise and taste of the Messrs. Cassell. CASSELL'S SATURDAY JOURNAL. (2) Retiring to the coast for a few weeks we carried this ponderous volume with us (pp. 1294, triple columns) with the idea of a leisurely perusal and review. But wo have scarcely got a glimpse at it, for we are a paterfamilias, and our famiha: EO speedily discovered the merit of the book, and have stuck to it so per- sistently, that we have been compelled to take a furtive glance over their shoulders in order to copy the title. Quoting the opinions that have assailed our ears on all sides weean inform the public that it is "just stunning," it is "galoptious," it "just goes high," and so forth. While doing our best to culti- vate the mental torpor recommended by the Spectator as the proper thing for the coast, and coming very close upon a success, our efforts have been interrupted by ßhouts of laughter, and excited inquiries as to whether we have seen this good thing, or heard such and such a famous story. Our meals, which at the coast were wont to exhibit unbroken concentration on the subject in hand, ara now varied by reminiscences so irresistible that vigorous application a tergo is required to insure a safe passage to the orean of digestion. For the first time ia our recollection bathing, boating, shooting, and fishing yield their supreme place in the affections of youth. The worst of it is that the enormous mass of interest, of instruction, and of fun, pictorial and letterpress, is bound up in one volume, and half a dozen eager young spirits cannot utilise it at once without tumbling over each other, and even (literally and metaphorically) falling out. Nor must it be supposed that this is a child's book only ; some of our children (1) "Cassell'« Picturesque Australasia ;" edited by E. E. Morris, M.A., Oxon., Professor of Enslish, &c;, Mel- bourne Univertity ; with original illustrations. Vols. II. and HI. Cassell and Co., Limited, London, &c;, 1S6S. (2) " Cnssell's Saturday Journal." A magazine of msf ul and entertaining literature for the homes of the people, October, 1SS7, to March, 1SS8. Cassell and Co., Limited, London, &c; aro not_ so very youno; ; and in truth tho grray-hairod members of the 'household havo boon deterred from reading only from tho im- possibility of getting vvithiu reading distance oven with the aid of spectacles. But we havo seon enough to iuform our readers that each .weekly number consists of twonty- fouv pages, illustrated ; there arc »tories running tho half year, or for a few weeks, or complote in one number, including detective stories, talos of London streets, passngos in the lives of famous mon ; there are little skits of a few sentences, delightful to hit upon ; there are instructivo articles, pooms, auecdotes, jokes, quips, and quiddities innumerable ; and thero are uot only illustrations to the stories and jokes, but, what jp greatly better, thero are stories and jokus in illustrations. A friend who gol. a glimpse at the book declared ihut the letterpress with- out the illustrations, and again the illus- trations without tho letterpress, woro moro than worth the money. Altogether wo heartily agroe with tho_ verdict of the Timei that tho Saturday Journal is " the best and cheapost penny worth of popular liternturo ever produced." The entire year's issue, comprising in adelition that capital story, " Mr. Barnes of Now York," is issued bound for 7s. Gd. It need not be said that tho material provided by the Mossrs. Cassell is thoroughly healthful. In this respect the firm holds the place oucoheldby W. and R. Chamberí, only that they havo oven moro fully considered and met tho wants of the people, and have even improved upon the unexocptiouablo if some- what cold and colourless tono adopted by the older publishers, l'or a perfect thesaurus of enter- taining, instructive, and elevating literature no ono could do better than procuro or present to his friends a year's or half-year's copy of " Cassell'. Saturday Journal." THE SENSES OP ANIMALS. (3) This latest volume of the International Scientific Series is, in every point of excollonce, quite on a par with those that havo preceded it. It is a fitting companion to Sir John Lubbook's former work, published in similar form, on ants, boes, and wasps, which, in many ways, it supplements and continues. It possesses all tho epialitios of cloarncBS of description and ease of style of Sir John Lubbock's other writings, and, while being striotly scientific in character, is not too tech- nical to be absorbingly interesting to the general reador. The study of such a book is caloulatcd to Open tho mind to a broader and more truthful c'oucoptiou of man's relation to his surroundings, treating, as it does, of the organs of sense that place him in connection with those surroundings. It must bo emi- nently beneficial to tho average man to learn that there are sounds which ho cannot, hear and colours whioh he cannot seo, but which, for all that, oro perfectly cognisablo to mauy of tho lower animals. Not only that, but to leam that many of thoso lower animals possess sondes quite unknown to him, tho character of which he cannot even guess at. Tho evident lovewith which the author doscribes tbo characters and habits of ants and boes, his observations on which have extended over so many years, cannot fail to arrost the attention of tho reader and raise in bim a similar sonti ment. The Australian will find many insects with which ho is familiar; the solitary wasps, for instanco, who paralysa their victims« order that they may store them up os food for their young, aro treated at length. Tho latter part of tho book is dovoted to the moro intellectual powers of animals, and will bo found particularly in- teresting. Some of tho experiments of M. Fabro show most forcibly tho limitation of the povvors of instinct. Tho solitary wasp {Sphcx Jlnirpcnnis), which provisions its nest with small grasshoppers, on bringing its prey to its cell has the habit of leaving it outside for a short timo whilst it goes down to reconnoitre and BOO that all is right. M. Fahre, on ouo ocoasion, during tho absence of tbo sphex, moved tho grasshopper a littlo. Out carno the sphex aud, having found his victim, dragged it back to the mouth of tho cell, and loft it as before. Again and again M. Fahre moved the grasshopper, and every time tho sphox repeated the same performance until the professor was tired out. She seemed quito' nuable to overcome his natural instinct and tako tho grasshopper down without the preliminary reconnoitre. Again in tho case of ono of the masonry bees, M. Fahre pierced a hole in one of tho CCIIB on which ono of those insects was at work. This hole allowed all the honey that was poured in to run away. In spito of this, although the boo was evidently quite COUBCÍOUS of tho presence of the bolo, for she examined it carefully, she mado no effort to repair it. Not only that, but she still continued to bring honey and pour it into tho coll, apparently quito ob- livions of tho fact that it rnu out at tho other end; and when the usual amount had boen brought, onough to nearly fill tho coll had it been intact, she contentedly laid hor egg and closed up tho opening. The unVookod for catastrophe was moro than she could comprehend, and so she quietly continued to work as her instincts taught her. Touching on tho intelligence of dogs, tho author gives a full account of his wondorful dog, Van, now almost of European oolehrity. Sir John Lubbock taught this dog, by means of printed cards, to express hie wants in a way almost human. The book concludes with a short treatment of the question, Can animals count ? The author laments the small amount of atten- tion that has been given to this subjoct, and hopes that what ho says may lead others to original observatious in connection with it. ICONOGRAPHY OF AUSTRALIAN SPI5CIES OF ACACIA AND COGNATE GENERA. Tho above is the title of a work published by the Government Botanist of Victoria, Baron Ferd. von Mueller. It has been issuod in decades, the thirteenth of which has just reached us. In, this ia given classified and other indices, as it concludes tho work. In the decade under notico several of our Northern trees aro figured, amongst them Leichhardt's leguminous ironbark, or ah-pill as it is called by the natives of the Mitchell, who, on account of tho extreme hardness of the wood, make use of it for spour-heads and wommeras. Oon doo, a handsome tree of the Palmer River, is also figured, the Beods of which, according to Mr. E. Palmer, furnish food for the natives. About ono- half of the 130 species figured in this work are indigenous to Queensland, several of which aro, so far as at present known, poouliar to this colony, thus making the work of more than ordinary interest to the Queenslander. Each plate contains a natural-sized figuro of the foliage, flowers, and pods, besides detail drawings of the dissected flower and fruit, which are more or less enlarged. Tho letter- press is confined to a briof explanation of each plate. For a full description of the various kinds illustrated tbo inquirer is directed to other works, the author's object being only to fur- nish accurate drawings of new or imperfectly figured species, and this ÍB undoubtedly at- tained in the excellent volume of lithograms just finished. Australian botanists will find these excellent figures of very great assistance in determining difficult species, and they will be laid under another debt of gratitude to the learned author who has devoted so many years to elucidate our Australian flora. (3) " The Senses of Animals" by Sir John Lubbock. London : Keiran Paul, Trench, and Co. Brisbane : Watson, Ferguson, and Co. The sculptor Boehm is engaged upon" a life size statue "of the late Emperor Frederick III., to ho placed in "Windsor Park. Street-car Charity.-Hilts : "What's the matter with Hobbs5 He was just on the point of giving that lady his seat when he sat down again." Wilts- "Oh, he's near- sighted, and didn't notice at first that it was his wife." F. Crawford, "Wholesalo and Retail Bookseller and Stationer, contractor to the Department ot Public In- struction, has removed from 140 Qucea-stieet, to Edward-street, second door from Chailotte-ätreet. [ADV T.] DouDTFCti COCOAS.-A caution is issued by Mes'rs. Cadbui y warning the publie against Dutch Cocoas and their English imitations erroneou-ly called pure, which contain about 4 per cent of added alkali, be. The absolute punty of Cadburj's Cocoa is guaranteed. (ADVT] WHAT SHAW I DRIKE5-The Laneet says "We have tested the Montserrat Lime Fruit Juice and have found it sound and free from adulteration. It is a far moie wholesome drink than any form of alcohol." Sold by all store- keepers. Caution - Beware of imitations. [ADVT.] 