ONE effect of the intense heat we have lately been suffering is that it helps to lessen the activity of genus of disease. To take tho most familiar example, that of typhoid fever, it is well under stood that excessive heat coupled with dryness checks to a very noticeable degree the spread of infection. This comparative exemption from danger is, however, only associated with what may bo called phenomenal dryness allied with phenomenal heat. It is indeed to be feared that when the inevitable break-up comes, the activity of malarial and zymotic disease will show a very serious in* crease. Whatever form . the long looked for change u\ay assume, whether it come with a humid air associated ' with northerly winds and a high tem perature, or with a sharp sea breeze, it at least is certain that the ground, baked by hot sun and dry winds, will for days, aud perhaps for weeks, cause the occurrence of a steamy vaporous atmosphere, most favorable to the inception and spread of zymotic dis ease. And it may well be asked whether, in the certain foreknowledge of this, our municipal authorities and our privite citizens are doing all that might and ought to be done to reduce, as far as possible, an inevitable danger. For the coming season at least, it is not practicable to introduce any com prehensive scheme of sanitation; but even so very much may be done to re duce the risk of a virulent epi demic visitation. Much for ex ample might be done to purify our ordinary street drains, by checking the practice, unfortunately far too common, of allowing objectionable matter to be discharged into them. Above all it is desirable that some effective plan should be introduced for dealing with night soil. The inconveniences, we might say the abominations, of the existing practice are sufficiently evi dent, and there is no doubt that radical amendment in this respect must form the basis of any really effective scheme of sanitary reform. Assuming that the method recommended by our town clerk, or some' equivalent one, is adopted the other sanitary requirements may be met with comparative ease. In time to come Ballarat will, without doubt, move to the front rank in this respect, and carry out a system of deep drainage such as is working so well in Adelaide, and is proposed for Melbourne. There is no reason, how ever, why preparations for a thorough system of drainage should not be pushed forward, while all available in termediary precautions are attended to in the meantime. The truth must, we fear, be admitted, that nearly all, if not quite all the occupied ground in Ballarat is more or less contaminated witli sewage matter. All we can do, pending a general and comprehensive scheme of drainage, is to take care that this contamination is not increased from this time forward. And to this end it is absolutely necessary that some sufficient system of dealing with night soil be put in practice without delay. If, to such a system, we add a constant and thorough inspection of yards and drains, to prevent any accumulation of stagnant water or decaying refuse, we shall have done all that is for the present reasonably possible to protect ourselves from an attack of epidemic disease. - It is seriously proposed that Ballarat and Geelong should co-operate in an endeavor to establish a direct line of traffic via Corio Bay from countries beyond sea. The reasons why such a new departure is deemed desirable are. various. On the part of Geelong it is urged that she has a legitimate claim to the maritime commerce which is done with inland centres which may be counted as fairly within her district rather than in that of Mel bourne. It is further alleged that the harbor has been so far improved as to he capable of accommodating the largest merchant ships, and that there is a superabundance of commercial energy in the people of the port which seeks a natural and profitable outlet in the establishment of an extensive im port trade. It of course is understood that ifGeelong could once become recog nised as a terminal port for over soa ships, an entirely new departure would be made, and the Pivot of the colony might after all assume and hold the position of a first-class trading port. It is alleged, as a reason why Ballarat should help in the movement, that the recognition of Geelong as a port of discharge would mean the saving of a considerable percentage in the price of imported goods to not Ballarat only, but all the immense district of which Ballarat is the commercial centre. So far as cordial sympathy with the ambition of our Geelong neighbors cun be accounted help, it will be forth coming to the fullest extent. But, as our worthy Mayor has already pointed out, the matter is one in which Gee long must take a practical initiative. Our merchants have existing arrange ments which, as a rule, are chiefly, if not wholly, with Melbourne. We can safely assume that these merchants would be perfectly ready to exchange their business to Geelong, if only it were shown to be—in a commercial sense—worth their while. It must be remembered that long stand ing business arrangements cannot be set aside, and new ones entered into, without inconvenience, friction, and perhaps temporary disadvantage. It therefore devolves upon the mer chants and importers of Geelong to show that the ultimate advantage will more than counterbalance all these. The idea of Ballarat as a great distri buting centre, with Geelong as an asso ciated port; is, on tho whole, an attractive one, and we should bo tho first to congratulate the Geelong mer chants if their energy and enterprise helps to realise this idea. A letter lias been received in Ballarat from a member of « prominent firm in O’ce long, expressing pleasure nt tho iuterebt tho May nr of the City (Cr Little) in taking in thomnttcrnf direct shipments. Tito writer expriihseii a strong 'hope that tho prop-iHul limy bear fruilinu, ami ofiuis to endeavor to further it in London, whither lie is shortly proceeding. L'eut.Coloncl Coneliman mid Mr Lang tree, two of tlie Public .Service Commis sioners, paid a visit to Ballarat yesterday, when they inspected the gaol. Tho visit was paid in consequence of evidences of mis nmnagenieiit at the Geelong enol in coiinee tion with the escape of two prisoners. The Public Service Commissioners were tln-n ap pointed to inspect the various gaols. Yester, day’s visit was entirely unexpected, and, we understand, entirely satisfactory to all parlies concerned. Messrs Couohniaii anil Liingtree left by the evening train. The funeral of the late Mr Thomas Tro bilcock took placo yesterday at 12 o'oloclt, and was attended by a number of repro-on tative citizens, Among those who assembled to pay a tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased wero the Old Colonists' Asso ciation, of which the deceased was a mem ber. Tho Rev, J. H. Tuckficld officiated at the grave. Messrs Felix M‘Govern, Canning, Avory, Edwards (directors of tho Black Horse Company), W. Jackson (legal man ager), and YV. Murrell, were the coffin bearers, and the pall-besrers wero the lion, i'j, Morey, M.LC., T. Stoddart, T. Bailey, Goujon, J. \V. Graham, and Wright, of tho Old Colonists' Association. Mr Charles Mmiis conducted the funeral arrangements. It is stated that Mr Trebilcock's mother is still liviug, having attained the gieat age of 90 years. A complimentary banquet and presenta- tion to Mr G. S. Outtrim, postmaster at Bal- larat East, who has been transferred to Colac, took place last evening at the Buck's Head hotel. Mr W. P. Bechervaise, City postmaster, occupied the chair, and Mr J. N. Dunn, M.L.A., the vice-chair. The usual loyal toasts were proposed and honored. Mr W. L. Dunn proposed the toast of "The Guest of the Evening." Mr Outtrim had been with them five years, and had always been willing to assist them or give those under him any good advice in his power. He (the speaker) had a great deal to thank Mr Outtrim for, and he could assure the postmaster that the employes all deeply regretted his departure. On behalf of the staff he wished Mr Outtrim God-speed and success in his new sphere. (Applause.) The toast was drunk with musical honors, cheers being given for Mr and Mrs Outtrim and family. Mr Binsted, in the course, of a few remarks, said he was glad that after many years of waiting Mr Outtrim had at last received his just dues. He believed that in losing Mr Outtrim from Ballarat they lost a good friend and a good Government officer. (Applause.) Mr D. M. Kidd then presented Mr Outtrim with a handsomely-framed group of photos. of the employes in the Ballarat East post and tele- graph office. Mr Outtrim, who was received with enthusiastic applause, briefly and feel- ingly returned thanks. He thanked them exceedingly for the kindness shown him, and when looking at the portraits would always remember that they were friends of his. (Applause.) The chairman said there was no mistaking the manner in which Mr Outtrim had been spoken of by employes at the eastern office. He himself was very pleased to be present, and to hear such true and heartfelt sentiments expressed. (Ap- plause.) Mr Bechervaise then proposed "The Parliament of Victoria.'' Mr J. N. Dunn, M.L.A., responded. In the course of his reply he referred to the excellent services rendered by Mr Outtrim, and said he, with many other residents of the town, sincerely regretted his departure. Several other toasts were also honored. Songs were rendered during the evening by Messrs J. Mooney, Martin, Ross, and other gentlemen; Mr Sage acting as accompanist. Mr H. D'E. Taylor, of Melbourne, de livered a lengthy and interesting essay on “Three great, federations—Australasian, national, and racial,” at the fortnightly meeting of the City branch of the A.N.A. last night. An interesting debate followed, in which several of the members and two visitors (Messrs Butterly, M.L.A., and R. T. Vale) took part. Amongst those present at the meeting were several visitors, who evinced great interest in the proceedings. A report appears in unother column. Thu weather yesterday was even hotter than on the previous day, though not so muggy and oppressive. The record at the Observatory was 95 degrees in the shade and 153 degrees in the sun. The indications seem to point to' continued heat to-day, which is the anniversary of Black Thursday. Tli is day (Ctlf February, 1S51) established the record for heat and discomfort for bush fires, ami the commencement of this year gieatly resembles'that of '5l. ' The countiy is, however, more settled, so that such devastating bushfires can scarcely be ex pected. Mr James Tyler, late of the firm of Murrey and Tyler, of Bridge street, who is about to leave on a trip to the old world, was entertained yesterday afternoon by a number of his Ballarat friends. The chair was occupied by Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., am) the vice chair by Mr John Smith. Among those present were Mr E. Murphy, M.L.A., Mayor of the Town, and representa tives of the principal wholesale houses doing business in Ballarat. The health of Mr Tyler was proposed by the chairman, who referred to the guest’s honorable career iu Ballarat. He wished Mr Tyler a very pleasant trip, a wish iu which all those present would join, and also a safe return to Ballarat. Mr Tyler suitably replied. A number of other toasts were also honored, and a pleasant sociable hour was spent. Mr Tyler leaves Ballarat this evening, and sails to morrow by the R.M.S. Ballarat. He spends a week or two in Western Australia will] his brother, and proceeds to England by the following steamer—the Parramatta. The Gold Mining Commission meet at Maiyhurougli oil Saturday, the Sth iust., and at Omco ou Ist March. Mrs Little, the mayoress, will not be “at home ” to-day, as she is out of town. The booths and other privileges fur the Ballarat Millers Turf Club’s next race meet ing, which is to take place next Wednesday, will he sold on Saturday at Brophy's hotel, 12 o’clock. This course is growing more popular daily, and the fact that Bal jurat is to be favored with excursion train's from Geelong and Daylcsford on the day of the races should materially assist iu swelling the takings. A young man named George Orme, of Geelong, was, treated at the Hospital yesto. - day for an abrasion of the light foot, sus tained by slipping when getting out of the tiaio. A child named Alexander M’Kenzie, three years of age, whose parents live iu Duke street, also had a dandelion seed taken from his nose. A picnic of pupils, teachers, nnd friend B connected with Sunday Schools at Allen* dale, Broomfield, aiid North Creswick, took place yesterday, the party arriving by spucial train to the City gardens. A pleasant day waa spent, though the heat made violent exercise anything hut agrueahlu. Avery successful meeting of the Bal larat Agricultural Implement and Machine Makers' Society was held at the Trad mb’ Hall last night. The president neon pied the chair. Several new members were elected ami four propositions for membership were received. Viirious matters of interest to the trade were discussed. At the half-yearly meeting of the Ballarat Tnuiiees, Executors, and Agenoy Company, yesterday, it was reported that the business lor tlm half-year resulted in a profit of £448 7« Sd. It was decided to write nil the balance of the preliminary expensos and entry forward £3S4 Gs. A report of the meeting appears elscwlicro in The Star. On Tuesday evening representatives from the Ballarat lodges of the I O.ti.T. assembled at the residence of Br Dibdiu, in Main street, to congratulate him on his ontering the bunds of matrimony. Refreshments were lintuied round, and the health of the happy couple was drunk in real Good Templar style, a very enjoyublo ovening being apciit by all present. Mr T. E. Edwards, the president of thu Victorian Band of Hope Union, will be on teriained at the Societies' Hall, Grenville street, this evening by thu oommittou of thu Ballarat Union. A curdiul invitation is given to friends and Baud of llopo workers. Tim Excelsior Tent, 1.0. R, has kindly arranged to hold the tent meeting in thu Imolc mom of the hall so that the larger mom may be available fur the cuuvur u 'zione. Monday next, 10th iust., is thu last day ou which applicitious for transfers, &c.;, to he heard at the Ballarat Licensing Court on thu 18th instant will be received. Mr Alex. Miller, one of the candidates for thu representation of tlio north ward in thu Town Council, will open the Campaign by an uddreitii to tlio electors on Friday night, at 8 o'clock, at the Royal Oak hotel, Feel street north. The remains of Mrs Dickmun, wife of Mr Arthur Dickinan, furniture dealer, Skipton atiuet, were interred on Tuesday afternoon in the New Cemetery, tlio funeral being laigely attended. The deceased died some what »u-l(lenly, thu cause being English cholera. Mr Joseph Foster will address the into payers of the north ward, Ballarat East, at Jenkins’ Prince of Wales hotel, Humllray street, oil Friday evening, at 8 o’clock. To-day iB the 39th anniversary of tlio wedding of Mr T. Bath, J.P., who was married ou Black Thursday. It is hoped by his frieuds that this anniversary may not bo so disastrous to the country as was tlio day on which his marriage took place. Wc learn that Miss Florence Mcnk-Meyer, the distinguished piunistu and composer, intends very ahortly visiting Ballarat for tlio purpose of giving a concert. At the City Police Court yesterday the presiding magistrates were Messrs Per mowim, Ooltnmn, and Serjeant, J's. P. The only cases set down for bearing wero those in which two persons were charged with drunkenness. Each offender was let off with a caution. Yesterday, at the Town Police Court, a boy named Launcelot Morton was remanded to appear at Richmond on a charge of ab sconding from his borne. One tippler having been dealt with, the court adjourned. Mr Scott, J.P., war the presiding magistrate. Mr F. M’lntoßli, of Ascot, lost two grain Btaclcs by .fire on Tuesday afternoon last. Fortunately the stacks were insured in tlio Commercial Union Office, so that Mr M'lutosb will uot be a heavy loser. The Public Service Board have nominated Mr W. Davidson for the position of Inspec tor-Genera! of Public Works, rendered vacant by the death of Mr Steel. A difficulty has arisen iu connection with lady medical students at the Melbourne Hospital. Some of the surgeons (says the Argus) are averse to performing operations with a half dozen lady students standing by deeply interested in the subject under dis section. Mr Butters informed the committee yesterday that the male students, who num ber .nearly 150, are also deeply concerned in tlie matter of the mixing of sexes in the operating theatre, though whether their opinions on the point are attributable en tirely to delicacy, or in part to the fact that the six lady students always get the best places to watch surgical operations, aud cannot be jostled out of them, was not made perfectly clear. Dr Molloy informed! the committee that some little difficulty was ex perienced in the same way at tlie Alfred Hospital. The objections in this case came also from the sterner sex. Some members of the committee were much surprised to learn that there were lady students in the hospitnl, and the medical superintendent and the surgical staff were asked to send in re ports concerning the difficulty arising from their presence at operations. Now that threshing has fairly commenced in the Creswick district a good idea (says the Advertiser) can be formed of what the results of the present harvest will be. Owing to the prevalence of rust very little wheat was allowed to ripen, and where tlie crops were left the yields generally are low and tlie sample poor, being fit for nothing in some in stances but fowl feed. The rust also affected the outcrops a good deal, causing tlie sample to bo much lighter than it would otherwise have been. However, tlie yield generally is good, averaging all round from 30 to 35 bushels—mid in some cases it is exceptional, as high as 60 and 70 bushels being readied. The highest yields of oats recorded are in the Kingston and Mount Prospect districts. Peas are turning out very fairly, and the same may be sain of barley. Judging from those tliteshed the average should not lie far short of 35 bushels in tlie best parts of tlie districts. Tlie hay crops have been exceedingly heavy all round. A well-known Kingston farmer estimates that bis yield from a large urea will be fully 4 tons per acre. This, how ever, is considerably' übove tlie district average. Robert H. Horsburgli, late secretary of tlie shire (says the Tungamali correspondent of tlie Age), was brought up on remand on Tuesday' at the local police court, before Mr Dobbin, P.M., charged with embezzling various sums, the {moneys of thu council. Mr Morris prosecuted, aud Mr Akehurst appeared for the defence. The bench com mitted tlie prisoner for trial to tlie General Sessions at Beuallu, ou tlie 11th iust. Arrangements have been made between the Victorian and Tasmaiiiau Postal Depart ments for the exchange of postal notes issued in either colony. A postal note purebased in this colony will in future be payable at any money order office in Tasmania aud rice versa. The Federation Conference will meet in the Legislative Council Chamber at 3 o’clock to-day. It will not be decided until then (says the Argus) whether the conference is to be open to the press and the public. The first business undertaken will be’the election of a president, and it is understood that Mr Gillies will propose Sir Henry Parkes for that position. The conference will then de cide upon the days of meeting, and tlie order of business, and, if time permits, the nature of the questions to be discussed. It is not probable that the first sitting will oc cupy more than two hours, as in tlie even ing the Premier’s dinner in honor of tlie members of the conference will take place in the Queen’s Hull. The Lauds Department are about to let, in convenient leaseholds, the 3000 acres already reclaimed from Condali Swamp. The upset price (says the Telegrajih) will be fixed ut 5 per cent on tlie capital value, which is now being ascertained by a land valuator. The gross revenue of the Customs Depart ment last month amounted to £276,603 2s 3d, which, less drawbacks, &c.; (£0394 4s 21), was £267,208 18s Id. This was £20,026 18s Id more than the sum estimated, but is less by £G7S6 than tlie net revenue received during January of last year. The conservator of forests, Mr Perrin, lias becu suddenly brought fnco to face with a practical difficulty iu his efforts to secure tlie State forests from the ravages of bush fires. The temporary men employed by tlie fores ters (Buys tlie Telegraph) refuse to burn tlio “firebreaks" at night. They say that in the Barmali forest tlie snakes are so numer ous that it is dangerous to conduct opera sinus ut night. A compromise inis been effected, and the fire breaks will bo burnt in tlie curly ninrning and late afternoon, but not in tlie heat of the day. In connection with tlio stranding of tlio Cambrian Princess, an Age wire from Ade laide says:—“ The Cambrian Princess, which went ashore a mile south of Wallaroo, is still aground. An attempt was mado to tnw her off early on Tuesday morning, but it failed. About 100 tons of ballast have bcou discharged, and further efforts tn shift tlio ship will ho made. Tlio Cambrian Piincess is only 100 yards from the shore, and it is somownat uncertain bow she gut there. Tlio night was clear, but no moon visible. The wind was northerly, and curried tlm Wal laroo Smelting Works smoko along tlio coast, rendering it indistinct. The lead was kept going, but it is reported that by an errur six fathoms was called instead nf three fathoms. On discovery of tlio error, Captain Evans wore tlio ship, but iu doing so sbo struck, ller bow is resting on a ruck, ami as there are signs of a change in thu weather, fears arc beginning to bo entertained for her safety." A ouso of wilful perjury, arising out of a charge of larceny against a porter nmnod Guilin, was hoard at the Droubi Police Court nil Tuesday afternoon against Mrs Uansan, who gave evidence in the above cusu. Thu charge (says the Age correspondent) was to the uffeut that Mrs Hansen deliberately swore that alio never pointed out Callin to a pawnbroker named Solomon, and asked him if he identified him in a hotel parlor. Six witnesses wero called, who deposed that they hud seen and hoard her make uso uf thu words. The bench committed thu accused to talco her trial at thu Salu Assizes, to be held on the Ist April. Thu body of a woman tunned Daniels hns bocn found a fow miles from Silvurtoti on the Rut Mole Plain. Deceased, who was a white woman, was married ton local black tracker, who, it was said, was iu tlio habit of ill treating liei. It is thought deceased was running anay from her husband, and puriuhi’d for want of water, A limn named M’Darrn lias been remanded at the central court, Sydney, on a oluugo of uttering counturfuitooiu. Prisoner attempted to pass a counterfeit shilling on a publican. Ho was given into custody, aud ou being searched live other counterfeit shillings wero found on him. A visit by thu police to M'Darra’s lodgings at Hushcutter’s Bay dis covered c mipletu appliances and white metal for making basu silver money on a largo scale. s A fatal gun accident Iras occurred at Maultay, iu Queensland, the victim being a boy limned Vivian Slattery, aged about 12 years. Five boys went out to shoot Hying foxes. Oou uf them, named Redford, was carrying a loaded gun over his shoulder, mid Slattery, who w.ib following behind, was pulling tlio barrel, when thu gun went off, the charge blowing a purlieu of Slattery’s skull off. 