THE CEMETERY QUESTION AT GUILDFORD. In conformity wita a resolution passed at a meeting of the ratepayers of Guildford held last December, a committee meeting was held at the Mechanics' Institute on February 26tb, for the purpose of selecting a suitable site for a publio cemetery outside the Municipality of Guildford. There were present besides the Mayor and Councillors, Ker. Fr. Kelly, Mr. M. Horrigan, representing the Bomen Cathobo Church; Mr. C. C. Fauntleroy, representing the Anglican Church; Mr, B.D. Hardey, repre senting the Wesleyan Church. Twa repre. sentatives, one of the Anglican, and the other of the Wesleyan Church, were aneroid, ably absent. The MATOS (Mr. W. G. Johnson) opened the proceedings by reading the resolution of which this meeting was the outcome. Hs stated that the question of an extramural cemetery bad been before the publio many years. The Government had giren a aita for a cemetery outside the town, and it was now to be decided whether this block of land was the most suitable, and if not where and how another site could be procured. Mr. E. D. HARDEY said that Mr. James Mosrison had referred to a piece of ground at Bayswater, contiguous to the railway. Cr. GUPPY asked whether Mr. Morrison gave any particulars as to cost, ¿bc. Mr. HARDEY replied that he thought Mr. Morrison was not in a position to give any definite particulars. Dr. Waylen was the actual agent for the proprietress, who he believed was a Miss Wortley, resident in Bogland. Cr. TUBTON, as the mover of the original resolution, said if any good was te be done, if the site now referred to was suitable, it appeared to him that the best plan would be for a deputation te wait upon Dr. Waylen, and obtain full and accurate information as to cost, &o.; Cr. GARDINER suggested the appointment of a sub-committee to visit and inspect the locality, and then, if necessary, make over- tures to Dr. Waylen. Mr. HARDEY suggested other sites, among others " Success Hill." Cr. GARDINER said the residents near " Success Hill " would oppose any application. Mr. HARDEY replied that applications might at first meet with opposition bat he contended and firmly believed that all oppo- sition would retreat, provided the committee wore earnest and unanimous. Or. TOUTON asked why the residents opposed Suooess Hill " as a site for a cemetery. Cr. GUPPY Bald because Mr. J. Hamersley objected to it. Mr. C. C. FAUNTLEROY said that a rate- payer had written to him a letter on this' subject, and in it had suggested that they should apply for a piece of ground formerly belonging to Mr. James Dempster, but which now was Ö»o property of Mr. James Grave, Wbo paid that the plot had been valued at JB1.6O0. He (Hr. Fauntleroy) would suggest that tko committee advertise for a site. By so doing they would, as it were, have more " strings to their bow." In fact he himself knew of several eligible sites. Or. BEAD was of opinion that the site at Bayswater, referred to by Mr. Hardey, was too distant from ¿he town. . There were many people who liked to visit" God's acre," and the distance ' to Bayswater would render this well nigh impracticable. : .Cr. GUPPY said the matter should be set- tled without delay, for the longer it was delayed the more expensive land would be I come. Ho advocated the site already given by »the Government. If obey had to par i chase land, the amount expended for this purpose would be amply sufficient to maca- damise the road to the Government grant. Cr. GARDINER . advooated a cemetery as near the town as possible. If too distant, a curator would have to bo employed. I Cr. WORTH said the road to " Success Hill" would be infinitely worse than the one lead- ing to the ground given by the Government. ¿Cr. GUPPY ridiculed the idea of a curator, and-as to bush-fires destroying the fenceB, that, danger could be prevented by keeping the ground near the fences well cleared. Cr. WORTH said that the site given by tho Government was a very good one ; in fact, he knew of none better, and tho clearing of it would hot oost very much. The Ber. Fr. KELLY said they had now two or three schemes before tho meeting. Wou'd it not be better if those gentlemen who had proposed certain sites would collect all in- formation as to cost of clearing, Tensing, and making of road. They should then be in a better position to judge of the different localities. Funerals wore a great expense to poor people, and for these they should gavo great consideration. Ho asked bow much roadway it was necessary to make to thc Government grant ? The MAYOR said he would suggest that they should make the road by degrees. It appearod to him that the consensus of opinion was in favour ef the ground given by the Government. Mr. FAUNTLEROY said that the cost of making a good road, sufficiently wide for tho purpose required, would be about JB250. .Cr. TURTON said it appeared the meeting was in favour of tho Government grant and to test it he should propose tho following : " That after due consideration of tho different sites for a cemetery before the meeting, the one already given by the Government is the most suitable." This was seconded by Mr. E. D. HA&DRY;, and carried unanimously. The MAYOR said that the question of " ways and means " had next to be con- sidered. Mr.. C. C. FAUNTLEROY suggested a Muni- cipal Cemetery common to all denominations. Cr. GARDINER was of opinion that this system would not work well. 4 -"-'-, r T :. ' Mr. HABDT suggested that the cemetery be divided by roads only. * » The MAYOS reminded the meeting' that the Government had granted a block to each* denomination. Gr. GARDINER said he considered thj»* cemetery a Government affair, and to make ' the road, Government aid should. be\ asked. Under the present cirourostanoes^lf * funeral woola cost, so he had been uformed' by those competent to jndge, about ¿20, eh, amount beyond a poor person's means. Cr. BEAD said the cemetery should be need' at once, and the road could be nadejby' degrees. * ? Cr. GARDINER proposed, and Cr. WOBT«* seconded, " That a deputation of tba Major and a member of each denomination wjaif noon the Administrator, asking for a subsidy." towards the formation of a road to the píe* i posed new cemetery on the Canning-road.'* * ' Carried unammonaly. ; ?' tv The following were apnojs|KBj to form t»» ' deputation: The Mayortp|r.Je>ther Kellys : i Messrs. C. C. Fauntleroy and B, B. Hardey« * i Mr. C. C. FADNTLSBOT proposed, and Or. [ GARDINER seoonded, " That the Mayor apply' , to the Swan Hoads Board, asking what : j amount they would be prepared togtys towards that, portion of the Canning-road leading to the cemetery." , i Carried unanimously. J F ; j The meeting afterwards adjourned. Ton do not realise (says a writer in the Argus) how much can be done by rendering life tolerable during extreme heat $il^ you talk a little with a mau who ? has ' lived a while in a wellananaged tropic^ settlement. Sneh was the very r»d-faoed\ gentleman to whom young Australia remark»* ed, "This must suit you, major; remitter* you of India, eh P" " Bemind nie of what, sir f India is civilised ; it is not like this*. Why I had rather be at Zanzibar than uv Melbourne on a hot day. fou. have leas' brains than black-fellows! Look at that train oil in the butter-dish. Look at that fool panting along the street with black hat, ooat, and boots ; and ring the beU for ion now, and note the answer yon will get. All gone. All gone at four in the afternoon. Why, at any hotel on any railway line in. India I would call for a block-a blockt nota pieoe-to cool my bath, and I would get it i at any hour of the day br -night.' And where j is your punkah, and where is your tatty.' waSohf I could make this house cool add fresh, and clear of flies as a king's tomb or a mosque, if I had charge of it for a week, arid so could any other man even decently civilised. But you ! Why, all that distinguishes yen from the blackfellows is what the English folks have taught yeu." Here a waiter 'appeared, and said that be could obtain, a little ice from a confectioner soar by at thjree shillings a posad.;. At which- tho Major's, face jbecame purple, " and * ho talked, . in*. Hindustani, or at least in a tongue unfamiliar' to deosntpeople. . ^ Sro EDWIN ARNOLD, in an account of "Éts voyage from San Francisco to Yokohama, whioa is printed in the London Daily Tels- . graph, says :-" At San Francisco, besides 90. saloon passengers, we shipped 670 home. » going Chinese, berthed aft on three deokfj, and packed one above the other in deneé strata of Mongolian humanity. Gar com- ; mander, Captain Walker, is an Englishman, man, and a navigator of great experience £ the ofiioera are also Eoglisbmon, but the crew« to a man aro Chinese, as also thc stewards and all the service ef the ship. I am su», prised to observe what capital seamen these, Celestials make under good and inst, management. Captain Walker has had bísK company of pig-tailed sailors with him inp this samo vessel for four yean, and thu)? know their duty and perform it in fair-, weather or foul with au alacrity and skill not easily to be surpassed. The almond** eyed stewards are equally laudable. ÁlwSya oheerfol, willing, and industrious, they gat" I through their never ending task of feeding" I and serving OB with an nnobangug complacency which is quite delightful ; áheV my particular attendant, Ah Fat, affords'nj*-, speoial and endless amusement with bis views ' of land and sea life, expressed in * pidgeon ' English. 'No in»kee raining, sun' sinai; plenty muohee good walkee topside. ehip^ is his method of announcing' nnV; weather at dawn and recommending excr-" oise on d«ck. Prop n ing to extinguish* the el'?«tric lamp, he briefly euggtsls, ' Ni> wan tehee seo now," and when I uiiqire why bis countrymen so often come on board sick, and evou at point of death, AU Fut murmurs tho explanation, ' Plenty you, norbops savee, bnt no save? bottom side C .im tu au mind. My wry sick, moro better kül board ship' than kill San Fransisco Suppose my killed beard ship, my put one piecey bokkns,"all nice ; go China cheap,' and such ia the »ase. A consuming desire possesses the Celestial exile to have his bonus laid in native oar Lb, a dedro reinforced by religious doctrines andi sanction. In every contract for loraina., service it is stipulated by thc Chinamen tbnft ' tho remains of the contracting party Bhoutd* be roconvoyed-if hedies-to a Chinese gravé. Those who depart lifo iu California are tem^ ' porarily interred by their friends, but only>to bc exhumed after a cortain period and then packed up for exportation. The Pacific steamers are quite accustomed to accept and transmit tbeso rather uncomfortable freights at of course a considerable charge, but generally Bhip them under tho outry ff ' fish- bones.' If the slant-eyed passengers are 'not closely looked after at embarka* ion they wjjl often bring all that i* conveniently portable of a deceased friend or kinf.mau on board the' ship in portmanteau or tei-oheet, 'doing' not only the company, whioh is always ar jay to the Celestial heart, but also their .social duty, according to the maxims of Confucius." ? 