DEATH OF MR. HENRY TUCK, OF FLINDERS. [Communicated] By the demise of Mr. H. Tuck, which occurred on St. Patricks's Day, we lose one of the oldest settlers in the colony, the deceased having been a resident of the Flinders district for more than half a century; since the time indeed when Victoria was an in- tegral part of New South Wales. Mr Tuck's license (now in the possession of the eldest son, Mr. Samuel Tuck), was signed by Charles La Trobe, Lieut. Governor, bearing date 1846. Mr Tuck at that period had a run of over 6000 acres along the shores of Wes- ternport Bay, this large block being described in the license as land ad- jacant to Manton's creek. The abori- ginals who then peopled the country in considerable numbers were not of hostile or warlike disposition, and it was not found necessary to deal harshly with them; indeed as a mat- ter of fact they were so humanely treated that they made periodical visits to Mr Tuck's dwelling house for food and "'baccy." 'It will therefore be seen that Mr Tuck was one of the earliest pioneers, and he and his family being so well known and re- spected throughout the peninsula we will give a few particulars respecting the life of one whose name is as suredly perpetuated, and will ever be associated with the past and present history of Flinders. Deceased hailed from Scotland, he having been born in the Isle of Skye, in the county of Inverness, in the year 1810. At an early age he went to London and afterwards worked in the Yarmouth fisheries. He left England in 1830 and came out to Tasmania (or Van Diemens Land as it was then called), where he worked as a sawyer on the Huon River and at Esperance and Oyster Bays. Whilst at work to- gether at a saw pit a mate of his was speared by the blacks, and he very narrowly escaped a similar fate. About this time so troublesome and dangerous did the blacks become that the Government, in self defence, de- termined to exterminate them, and Mr Tuck was one of the line of volun- teers formed for that purpose. We are told that the line extended from one side of the Island to the other, each man composing it being placed a certain distance apart. Thus they traversed, the Island only, however, to capture a Lubra ! all the other blacks having skilfully passed between the watches at night. Mr Tuck was married in 1837 and came over to Melbourne in the same year in the employment of Mr John Sutherland, working with a mate, also a Scotchman named George Petrie. They were en- gaged sawing red gum in what is now the streets of Melbourne. There he purchased some land, which, if re- tained, would have made his fortune. In 1844 he entered the services of Captain Reid, who had a station near Mount Martha, and he was subse- quently engaged by Mr McCrae (the father of George Gordon McCrae, author of the "Man with the Iron Mask" and other popular poetical works) who had taken up a run at Arthur's Seat, on the Shores of Port Phillip Bay. He was afterwards em- ployed by Mr John Barker (now clerk of the Legislative Council) of Cape Schanck station for many years. In 1846 he took up the run at Flinders already referred to, and his wife joined him there in 1847. Mrs Tuck residing at Manton's Creek, seeing no one but her husband, an occasional stockman from Mr. Barker's station, and the wandering tribes of blacks, who used to speak of her as the "white lubra with a lot of picanninnies." On that memorable day, Black Thursday, February 6th, 1851, Mr Tuck and a companion named Isaac Stubbs were digging a waterhole for Mr Barker, when they were surrounded by the fire, and suffered severe straits from thirst. In 1852 Mr. Tuck tried his luck on the Bendigo diggings, and being fairly successful, bought a pre-emptive right on his old run at Flinders, and when the run was cut up he secured what he could of it, the whole amounting to 1000 acres. He was a member of the first Road Board that was formed in the Flinders district, and was thus a colleague of the late Mr T. O. Martin, President of the Shire of Flinders and Kangerong, who preceded him to the grave by a few months, and up to the time of his death Mr Tuck was a trustee of the Flinders Cemetery. About three years ago his health fail- ing he sold a portion of his land and the land boom tempted him to part with more, but he retained 40 acres around the old homestead where he resided up to the last. He leaves four sons and three daughters and a great many grandchildren. 