Our Vasse Letter. (From our Correspondent.) Busselton, March 5. Since, my last letter the weather, has: moderated a little, the nights being rather chilly at times. The rain still keeps away, however, although it has been threatening frequently. At several places further south, it rained very hard a few weeks since. I regret having to report a severe loss that befell Mr. Hugh brockman. of Reins. court, the other week In consequence of a snake-bite, he lost the fine cart entire ' Glancer.' The death of this fine animal is' a severe loss, riot only to Mr. Brockman but to the whole district. Snakes are unusually numerous this season. Last Sun-_ day a very large one found its way into Mr. Gale's kitchen at Fairlawn, and after several ineffectual attempts to kill it it was driven out into the clear and shot as it was escaping. Another of these ipests was destroyed by Mr. Thurkle in his cornstack, last Tuesday. Bush-fires have been very numerous of late. I hear that Mr. P. Hackett, of the Ludlow, had a, very narrow escape from be ing completely burnt out the other week. Hackett, who owns a small flock of sheep, was away looking after his flock when the fire came. His wife was in bed at the time and unable to do anything. Fortunately Mr. G. Dawson, with his two sons, was near at hand roadmaking, and by dint of hard work they managed to save the house, but I regret to state that the crop of pumpkins, together with a quantity of manure, and a lot of fencing were des troyed. Very early one morning towards the latter end of last week another fire broke out in close proximity to Mr. Yelver ton's mills. The alarm was raised by Mr. Thomas, one of the employees, who hearing an unusual noise, went out and found a portion of the landing on fire, and at once shouted for help. Fortunately assistance was soon at hand an! the flames were mastered, otherwise the amount of damage that might have been done, would perhaps have proved most serious. As it was some .£20 worth of damage was done to the skids and other appliances. The schooner Chittoor, laden with jarrah, sailed for Melbourne yesterday ; one pas senger — Mr. Christmas — embarking by her. The barque Victoria is now loading with hewn and round timber at Lockeville on account of Mr. Yelverton. A rather numerour class now — the hawk ers— do,not appear to have a very easy time of it down here lately. On the 26th Feb. two Afgans, named Carem and Polhabwan, were charged by Corp. Thos. Carrol with two breaches of the Hawkera Act, viz., for carrying a pack on a pack-horse in place of their own backs and with neglecting to have their names upon the packs, and were fined 2s. 6d. in each case with costs, and on the 28th P.'C. Sutton charged another hawker, named. Abdullah, with a breach of the Act in neglecting to have his name upon his pack, and he was fined 2s. 6d. and costs. With reference to the first two individuals it seems that they have been very unfortu hatei-f or it appears they purchased a nag for J-6, not knowing that by using it they would be liable for a!breach of the Hawkers' :Act and upon their arrival at the Augusta Mills— according to their own version of the story — they were ordered off by the mana ger (upon this occasion as well as upon other occasions), and that afterwards their horse being found upon some part of the fee simple land it was seized and impound ed for trespass, and a rather high sam demanded for the same. This they refused to pay, and, being ignorant of the amount allowed by law in such cases did not tender any money, but came into Busselton and reported the matter to the Resident Magistrate, who offered to give them a note to take to the manager, inform ing him! what he could legally charge for the Horse, but this they refused to do, so that in all probability the animal will short ly be sold for his keep. A farewell Ball is to be given this week at Karridale, in honor of Mrs. M. C. arid Miss Davies, who are about to. return to Adelaide. The Ball is expected to be a grand affair, the invitations being very numerous. Our resident and Mrs. Laffen and many other residents being among the number. On Monday last a large number of people went to New Town to witness several races that had been arranged to take place there. Thy first event on the list was a race between Mr. G. Higgins's Squatter (L. McDaniell) and Mr. Harwood's Smiler (A.E. Thurkle),distance half a mile. Squatter won easily. The second event was a trotting match, 1£ miles, between a bay horse belonging to Mr. G. Higgins, and Mr. J. Forrest, junr's, chestnut nag,ridden -by their respective owners. Won by about a; dozen lengths by the chestnut. The next race was between Mr. G. Higgins's. Squatter and a bay horse belonging to Mr. W. Ellis, distance one mile. Won by the latter. Then followed a race all the riders in which were ladies. Four started, distance half a mile. Won by Mr. G. Higgins's Squatter, ridden by Miss Amy Larkin. There is some talk- of more races tak ing place near Busselton on Saturday next, iu which several nags will compete. At the conclusion of the New Town races to wards sunset a great many of those present retired to Mr. Higgins's Homestead, where' a dance was started and was kept up until daybreak. Although the stakes given at these races were not very large yet a very pleasant afternoon of genuine sport was spent. The Races to take place next week at the Capel also promise some very good sport; A cricket match, I hear, is to be held next day. 