St. Marys. BY OUU OWH CORRESPONDENT. A severe conflagration raged in Bull's busli on Saturday and Sunday last and was with difficulty subdued. It is anticipated some 200 acres or more are " cleared " by the fire. ' I believe Mr. J. H. Brown is the lessee of the timber and will of course be the sufferer. It is rumoured that it arose from the devouring element out-stripping the efforts to control it whilo rubbish was being burned off. Our Council met on Monday again and got through a lai'ge amount of business in their accustomed quiet arid sensible manner. What an enormous amount of good would accrue to the country if the House of As sembly would only do their business with the same earnest desire to get through it* to the best of their powers. Messrs. ' Turner Bros, while sinking for water passed through traces of coal. We have before referred to the possibility of finding tbisprecious mineral and now there can be no doubt that with a reasonable ex penditure great results might be obtained. In a deposit of al sandy [mixture rif pipeclay and something very like an ochreons deposit, very patchy, wero found some beautiful small specimens of imdescent ironstained clay and also some curious pockets of an unctuons clay in sheathes of indurated reddish clay in layers evidently volcanic. One or two small occurrences of crystalized mica were got at a depth of aboiVt^SOft. Water was coming up but did nofr?is&freely;, and was somewhat brackish though fresheningj and after lying all night it'oozed'through?quite Muck. -It -is" to be hoped.these gentlemen will prosecute the boring" further, as, if they hit upon a seam of coal, anything like payable, an im mense fortune awaits them, and the district will owe to them an eternal debt. This "coupled with the Irrigation scheme, now making such satisfactory progress in the House opens for us a future of the most . brilliant character, i .'Tis a gresit^pity Mr. A. Beid of Penrith .took us so by surprise with his concert in aid of the distress in Sydney, and wo shall look with great interest for him to fulfil his promise alter making the entertainment better known by advertising and posters. 