Weather, Pastoral, Crops, &e.; The weather during the Christmas week in the coun try has been fine, but exceedingly hot, and the herbage which previously had been so luxuriant is beginning to grow dry and burnt, and bueh-fires have abounded. The wheat harvest ia progressing satisfactorily, but the rust is increasing in the late- sown crops. Stock every where are rolling fat, and altogether the season has been a roost prolific and luxuriant one. DENILIQUIN, December 23. Only four points of rain have teen registered here for 1lie last live weeks, and the pastures are being seriously aff- cted by the continued and increasing heat and the absence of moisture. The registration of rain, howecer, for the year is the second highest on record, the highest since 18-59, when the register was first opened, being in 1878, when ihe total was a little . over 28in. This year the total is 26*07in., and this is practically for 11 months only, as in March last there was not a single point registered. .Notwithstanding that the last month or eo has been dry there in an abundance of feed in the district, and it is seldom that the pasturage looks so*well at this season of the year as it docs now. Bush fires, as a natural consequence, are very prevalent, and awav abtut Tuppul, Borooga, Bootnanoomana, Coree, and Vvunna murra, a vast area of grass has been consumed. The first fire broke out on Tuppal about six weeks ago, and all the subsequent outbreaks are attributable to the one cause, as although the spread was temporarily arrested, the fallen timber aud stumps continued to smoulder, and the wind carried the sparks along, with the result that farther fires occnmd Thc wool season has closed with a total of 24,000 bales dispatched by rail from Deniliquin, that number being a couple of thousand of an advance on last year's returns. The total would have been in creased had it not been that half of the Tuppal clip, representing about 1000 bales, was sent by steamer down the Murray during the floods which prevailed early in the season, instead of by the usual route via Deniliquin.. 