NEWS OP THE WEEK.: SANDALWOOD at Shanghai Ima gone down -S3 ! per ton. A TKLEQBAH has bepn received iu Perth from j Mr. GiUitis, the Victorian Premier, definitely atatirg that the Federal Conference will opec in Melbourne on the 4th of nest mouth. THE Hon. C. T. MaBon, Commissioner of Hallways, was ou Monday sworn in, and took his seat, as a member of the Executive Council. A MESSAGE from Geraldton, addressed to A. W. Jarvis, and another from Roebourne, j addreasod to S. P. Mackay, aro lying at the Central Telegraph Office awaiting delivery. WE have been requested to announce that tho meetings of the West Australian Women's Christian Temperance Association have been adjourned until thé ' end of the summer months. THE funeral of Thomas Woodhouse, who waa accidentally drowned, at Rocky Bay, on Sun- day last, took place on Tuesday in Perth, and was largely attended. The deceased leaves a .wife and a little daughter, aged four years. AT the half-yearly meeting of the share- holders of the W.A Bank, on Wednesday, a .dividend of 17s. 6J. per share, equivalent to 17i per cent., was declared. This is the same dividend that was dolled I*18* year. Sr' Wednesday's mail we learn that maila da^ed Cossack,. October 18th, Pearling Grounds, October 21at, and Derby, October. 23rd, were delivered in London on November 26th-being thirty four days in transmission between Derby and London. Tas many friends pf Mr. J. T. Danny manager of the Union Bank in this colony, , will be pleased to learn' that bis elder daughter,whose education hos been conducted «tr ¡Miss Cook's Tintern' Ladies College, Hawthorn, Victoria, has 'passed the very difficult matriculation examination at Mel- bourne University. J THE following is the total rainfall in the dis- tricts named,dutiog 1889<-Derby, 37'68ins.; Ashburton, 18*57ins.; Carnarvon, 10'98ins., Geraldton, 23'48ins. ; York, 19-99ins. ; Perth, 39*96ins. ; Fremantle, 41'07ins. ; ' Bunbury, 40'32ins. ; Esparance Boy, 27'20ius. ; Albany 39-68ÍUB. Wa are requested by Mr. W. Dale, the super intendant of Charitable Institutions, to ac- knowledge, with thanks, the receipt of -?5 from Mr. W. Strickland, that amount having^ baan contributed by a number of racing gen-. tlenien.for tba, benefit of the inmates of the1 Mount ^Elifia Invalid Dépôt, and als» fer those at the Perth Home. MAJOR PILKINGTON, the newly-appointed Commandant of the WA. Volunteer Force, hopes to see the volunteer corps of Perth, Fremantle, and Guildford on parade during tiie nert fortnight. Early next month Major Pilkington expects to visit Albany, Gerald- ton, and Northampton^ for the purpose of in- specting the corps of those districts. # THE arrivals and departures for the quarter ended Deo. 31at, 1889, at and from Albany from all parts, by sea, are as follows :-Arriv- als : Men 226, women 60, and children 39. Departures: Men 224, women 59, and child-, rea 85. 'Total number of arrivals for the year, 1,302 ; total number of departures for the year, 1,146, an increase of 156. ADVICES received from Pinjarrah inform us that the greatest regret is felt and expressed at Mandurah and Pinjarrah over the death of the Messrs. Tuckey. The deceased were very; great favourites in both places, and were well-known and esteemed in their business and social relations with the in- habitants of tba district. A CORRESPONDENT, writing from London under date 6th ult., informs us that the jarrah blocks used in repairing the Landon streets, are highly approved of,and adds that a considerable demand will probably be created for jarrah for this purpose, and that large. orders are now being sent out to the ' colony. THE two valencies in the Executive Council j caused by the elevation of Sir Malcolm! Fraser .to the Administratorship, and the resignation of Mr. J. A. Wright, have now, been ^filled. Lost week, Mr. O. Burt, the Acting Colonial Secretary, was sworn in as an Executive Councillor, and, on Monday, Mr. C. T. Mason was sworn in as Commissioner of Railways. IN another column we give a return of the custom duties received at Fremantle and the outpbrts of the colony during the past year. They amount in all to .£172.005 7a. 9d. In 1888 the receipts from this source wera JB159;0t>9 1B. 2d., showing an increase for 1889 of .£12,946 6s. 7d. In 1887 the receipts were £170,972, the highest on reoord; but iiow these figures are beaten by 1889, the difference between the two years being .8,1033 in favour of the latter. AN address has been presentad to Sir Jas! G.. Lee-Steere, by a number of the electors of -the Nelson District, requesting that he will . alloW himBelf to be nominated as the district's representative at the forthcoming election under the new Constitution, and promising .should he give his consent, to do their utmost to secure his return. 'Sir James has replied «cordially accepting the invitation, and thank ing his supportera for their promised effort's en his behalf. ON Friday week, the Acting Chief Justice and Mrs. Stone and Mr. H. W. Venn, M.L.C., and Mrs. Venn loft Perth by train for Albany en route to the Eastern Colonies. Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Wright, and Mr. W. T. Loton were aUo passengers for Albany, by the same train. A large crowd of friends of the departing ladies and gentlemen attended the station to see them off, and after a slight delay, Owing to the number of good-byes that wero spoken, the train steamed off, followed by the enthusi- astic cheering of those who remained behind. IT is with great regret we announce the death of one more of our fast- diminishing band of early pioneers—Mr. George Whit- field, of Newcastle. Mr. Whitfield was the son of Captain Whitfield, who came here in very early days, and was the last survivor of four brothers, one of them being Mr. Francis Whitfield, whose decease we recently record- ded. During his lifetime, Mr. Whitfield re- sided mostly at Newcastle, where his death occurred. One sister, Mrs. Henty, who lives in Melbourne, still survives. WE learn that Misa Kate Shearer, daughter : of the, Kev. D. Shearer, M.A., Perth, has ! passed her examination at the Presbyterian' Ladies' College, Eist Melbourne, with signal I honours. The. young lady, who is only j fifteen or sixteen years of age,. left Perth : some time ago to finish her education, and her progresá is spoken of by the principal ;of the oollege os being pre-eminently satis factory, Mies Shearer having passed in all j nine subjects, with first prizes for French and Latin respectively, and' two honourable mentions. IiAsr Friday evening week,a few friends of the.. ¡St. John's Mission, North Fremantle, met the Bishop of Berth,-and Mrs. and Miss Parry at the Fremantle Rectory, to witness the .pré- sentation tb Miss Bann of a neat writing -desk and other useful articles, she having looted as organist to this mission church and jSundayTsehool for .some time, and now leaving for another part of the colony. Mr. Soward Evans, the lay reader in charge, ex- plained the nature of the services rendered by Miss Bann, and expressed their regret at the loss of these semoes, after whioh the presentation was mode byTthe Bishop in very kindly terms, which were suitably acknow- ledged. ? ?. y / ? -; '?".?;"-?. ' . THE- following list of dnly qualified medical practitioners, appeared in Thursday's Oxtette, . together with their- qualifications, and titles : -Perth-L. de C. E. Harston, A. Jameson, D. Kenny, . E. Scott, A. E. Sloman, A. K. , Waylen. Fremantle-H. C. Barnett, H. J. Birmingham, W. P. Birmingham,'J. W. Sope, C. Lovegrove, A. T. White. Greenongh G. Bowes. Hamlin--H. B. Bryan. > New- castle-D. Connor, W. Mayhew. Northam 4-J. B Dunlop. Geraldton-C. B. Elliott. Boebourne-T. Frisell. , . Toodyay-A- Green. B^arvey River-H. F. Harvey. Pinjarrah B. % Henston. Albany-F. J. Ingoldby* L. H. ^mith, J. M. Y. Stewart. Banburyr-nJ. T. Lallan, J. Sampson. Busselton-B. J. Iietóm.1.', Derby-T. H. Lovegrove, York G.Fr MoWiUiams, J. A. O'Meehan. Wynd ham-J. W. Mountain.,, Carnarvon-F. J. Roberts. Williams-J. C. Bosselloty. Guild- ford-F. Tratman. THE customs returns for the month of ; December were issued on Saturday, and it is gratifying to notice a most substantial in- crease as compared with the corresponding month in 1888. The total reoeipts for December, 188°, wer« ¿20,878 14s 6d, and foV December, 1888, &ey; were ¿15,584 2s 3d, thus giving an increase of ¿5,294 2s 3d. The receipts for last month, were also the largest for the year 1889, and were £5,536 148 5d above the November returns of the same year. The receipts for Fremantle were ¿14,710 14s, also the largest of the .year, and. were ¿5,458 lßs Td more than in December last year, and. were ¿4,595 19s 9d in excess of November, 1889. The receipts at'the outports were ¿6,163 Os 6d, which is a decrease of < ¿161. 16s 4d on December, 1888, but there is an increase ou the reoeipts for November, 1889.,. The grand total for thé year 1889, was ¿172,005 7s 9d, which shows a splosdid increase over 1888. THE only observing station at whioh rain is reported to have fallen during tho 24 hours preceding 9 a.m. Thursday, according to the official' meteorological report, was Broome, where '07 was registered. The weather was cloudy at La Grange Bay and Bridgetown; fine but cloudy at Derby, Cossack, Ashburton, Bannister, Esperance Bay, Eyre, and Arthur ; overcast at Tasse, and Mount Barker j cloudy and|threatening at Bremer Bay; and generally fine at all other observing stations. The maximum temperature in shade during the same period waa as follows :-Derby, 95 ; Cossaok, 103; Ashburton, 96; Carnarvon. 88; Geraldton, 79; Tprk, 7?; Perth, 75; Fremantle, 74; Bunbury, 72; Albany, 62; and Esperance Bay, 74. The following are the' weather'reports from the capitals of the Eastern colonies, thé'figures in paranthiBis showing the highest shade readings : Ade- laide, fine and clear ^92) ; Molbournè,Bfinè' mid clear (91) ; Sydney, fine and 'clear (74) j ^Brisbane,' overcast <84). ' ' - : 1 THE sterling silver Balyer presented by, the officers of the Worka and Ballway Depart ment to Mr. J. A.1Vright is now on viéw át Mr. V. E. Nesbit's shop, in HAy:Btreet!: It weighs 33ozs., and , was Bnppiied by Mr. Nesbit to order. An inscription appears' in the centré, and thU is. surrounded by a wreath composed of'tour' varieties of .Aua?, traliau ferna, while a?;toh,Jkjnäs appears on1] Ike rim of the salver. The inscription is as j follows : " Presented to the Hon'bie J. Arthar j Wrignt, M. Inst. CE-i Director of Public j Works, Commissioner of Bailvvays, Eugineer in-Chief, etc., etc., of Western Australia, by the oflioers of the Department, on his retire- ment from the Government Service. Perth W.A, 31-13 89." 'The lettering and orna- mentation .aro beautifully executed, and some of the best work of the engraver would ap- pear to have been put into the delineation of the fronds of the ferns, the lovely delicate tracery of which ie ¡shewn with such fidelity, and minuteness as -regards detail, that the effect is most artistic. The salver is en- closed in a handsomely made walnut oase, lined with violet, velvet and blue satin. ON Friday week afternoon the funeral of the late Mr John Carrick took place. The deceased died on tho 2nd inst., at tho Colonial Hos- pital. Ho arrived in this colony in the Gulf of St. Vincent three years and four months ago. The deceased gentleman was one of the unfortunate ones who lost their chief capital in the City of Glasgow Bapk. Since he, bas arrived in this colony he has, weare informed,1 experienced great hardships. His health compelled him to give' up surveying, and he rented a small farm itt Wanneroo, where he' exerted all his energies, and finally finding I his health fa'iing, came to. Perth and entered« the hospital nevtir to leave it alive. He. leaves a widow and four children. _ Amongst, the followers at the f uneral were Dr. Jameson, Jtessrs. W. D. Moore, W. Padbury, J. M. Ferguson, Alex. Morrison and Began. Mrs. 'Carriok is at present at Mrs. Ferguson's residence, and thia lady and her daughter attended the funeral with Mrs. Carriok. Mr. (Padbury in hts'Usually generous manner, offered Mrs. Carriok and family a passage home in the Charlotte Padbury at half price, and we are pleased to hear that Messrs. W. D. Moore and J. M. Ferguson have guaranteed the balance. ... .> . :! THK priais gained by tho scholars of St. John's Sunday School, Pinjarrah, for attend- ance were presented to them last lie w Year's Eye, in the Mechanics' Insjftute, Pinjarrah: ¡a. large Christmas tree war erected in the hall, *nd upon this were hang the prizes which had been collected for distribution' amongst the children, and this form of enter- tainment, which was .a perfect novelty-.to, many, was excessively pleasing to aU:«f them. The proceedings opened with a enrol, nicely sung by the children, af ter which Mr. Charles Fawcett banded, the prizes to Mrs. ; Houston, who attributed them ' amongst the soholars. . The ' presentation having been concluded, Óakes and lemonade were served to all; present. The singing of ' the National Anthem1 ! brought1! a very pleasant' little entertainment "'.te a 'olose, the suooess of which was largely ¡due tb the efforts of ti« Misses Alder«on,'Who' were mainly- instrumentar in organising it. Great thanks are also- due to Mrs. Clayton; Mason, Mrs;, Hope, of, .tits. . Bon Marohe, and to Messrs. W. D . Moore & Co., of Fremantle, and also faythe intiabitonts pf Pinjarrah, tor, their contributions to £he tree. Ona Victoria Plaina correspondent writing under date, Jan. 6th says :-Wenavo had à ' long spell of very hot weather, the thermo» itneter one day going to ' 110 deg. in thé shade, . and 100 deg. is quite usual. ' Thunder-storms have; been passing to the eastward for sômë time, lt was very threatening to-day, there, bring heavy thunder and a few large drops of rain. It^ appeared to rain heavily a few mueB away from here. I think we will have out share before it.pleats off. A bushfire made, its way into one of Mr. W. Macpher sou's paddocks and burnt a good deal of the fence, and but for the assistance rendered by Mr. H. B. Lefroy, much more damage would have been done. It is a pity that an example cannot be made of some of those careless or ' malicious persons who start fires at this season of the year. - Stripping is progressing ' On some farms, and is finished on others. The yield is better than for several years -back. I have seen wheat tot) heavy for the stripper1, and whioh bas to be cut down. Tho rainfall i for 1889, registered at; Walebing. was 1Î2.28 I inches ; the number of days, on which rain 1 fell 101 ; the. wettest months, May, 4 84 inch | on 14 days ; and June, 4.58 inch on 22 days ; the dryest month was December, during which no rain fell. A CORRESPONDENT writes, over the signature ¡ " Humanity,'* as follows :-" I notice, to-day, for the first time, that the programme of the Eight Hours'. Association Anniversary Day Sports include a " menagerie race." I trust, the promoters will forgive me if I express , the hope that it will not toke place. Suoh ' an exhibition of cruelty might afford sport to: some minds, biit I trust that the Association, ' in seeking to ensure that mau shall not be wrongly treated by being overworked, will extend their good nature to the lower or^der of creation, and see that they are not «ruelly dealt with. It is now several years since I .. saw a menagerie race in Perth, and it,was such, a decided ill-treatment of tho < birds and t?¿asts driven or dragged by the human animals, that I, have never wished to see another. Anyone who' takes the trouble, to think over it, múat sea that such a race can .hot be oarriod óht without hunting, br at any Tate, ^ernf^njr, the poor dumb' things. Some' may'think that does'hot' matter. I think -'it: does,' and! am happy to say I am not alone in my opinion.' In England; '. comparatively-i reoontly, some of these races were carried'out in such oiroom sötAo.es as oansed the papera to remonstrate jin very deoidedtlanguage ; and I remember seeing * very excellent suggestion ia one of them, namely, that ;ft5iew humane people should watch any future race on behalf of the birds or beasts engaged in hi and if .ihey "... ;>*'.( . ?.: :i<' :'f -»v *? .. '.. .? ! 1 saw the least oruelty to either of them, to j prosecute the offonder under the Act tor the j prevention of cruelty to oniroaLs. I do .not know whether snoh a prosecution afterwards took place; but, considering that in tho ex- citement of racing even the moat ca ruf ni could hardly fail to more or less ill-treat their ' raoers,' I should think it would not havo beon difficult to secure a conviction." A CORRESPONDENT writing from G^gerring, near Beverley, on tho 8th inst., states: " A hailstorm, accompanied by furious wind, passed over Gilgerring on Monday afternoon'. As the storm approached from the Nor'-West it was observed that just in the centre of tho black mas3 of clouds a douse oolamñ of 'what looked like water was falling, having ita edges lit up by a kind of misty light; and spreading in the shauaof a fan as itdeoauded* This was the heart of the storm. Most of the hailstones were about the size of large gun bullets, aud some were muoh larger:. The wind was terrific, but tho crashing of the hailstones, wbioh fell aa thickly as a fog» quite smothered the 'roar of the wind and, thunder. Trees could be seen falling in all directions, but the healthy young énea and saplings were bout down almost to à horizop.. tal position, in which position,, swaying from sido to side, they were held'for falty' ten minutes. The heavy downpour lasted a' quarter of an hour, and then the gullies were running much higher than they have boen for years. The spectacle was grand bot (fosea- . sonable.. Tho damage done is vary serious; Haystaoks were blown down, and all ^he standing- wheat was sw«pt off as clean as if reaped by a mower.. Bush -fires have been prevalent here lately^ and some of the farmata, have been almost continually employed at J them during the tast for);nig^t, Tbiehas.rp. tarded their harvesting work, and mikes, the farmers heavy, loser's. It does'seem baird that. people'who have struggled BO pluokily with aL long coarse of adversé seasons should have the fruits of the first prolific year suddenly snatched away;1 . Idon't ?Íúnlé/f9éb 'how^ii*'' the storm streak has "U&ïrieVl destractidn.'but1, its width was a mile iahd: a half-^-a mile and a half of desolation/'J ! ; --J-- . . OuFriday week morning,-Mr. J. A. Wright lato Commissioner pf Bailways, before lèavingc the Perth Central Station for. Albany; waa ¡ presented with an additional token : of the rospeot entertained 'towards hint by t^e em- ployees on the ÎJasfeern .Bailway. Tjj^pror.j motera Of the . testimonial were the .guards, , portera and shunters,'whose combined efforts resulted in the proquétion of a very beautiful address pf which the'late Comuaissíoner njay justly feel proud- Amongst those who took part in tho oerembhy were Mr. G. Boberts,' traffic-manager, Mr. F. Carrer,station-master,' ' and other officiate of >the railway department, and a very representative gathering of guards, porters, and shuntara. Mr. Boberts, in iptrodnoing the presentees, said -they were all very sorry that Mr. Wright - waa leaving the service. At the same time their regret was tempered by tho knowledg e that the change wonld be of benefit to himself and 'family. The guarde, porters and shunters .had prepared an address, which they begged ho would aooept.as a tribute to the highly.; Buocessfnl and' universally,satisfactory way, in which he had filled, the high position Of Commissioner of Bail ways. Guard Barr, then , read the address,, which set forth the deep, sense of the benefits experienced from the uni-, formly pleasant relations existing in the past between the men'and their Chief, and mention was made of the impartial and len ient way in which the latter had dealt "with the few coses of complaint which it had béen necessary to bring under his notice. The address also expresaed, in earnest terms, the best wishes for the future welfare of Mr. and Mrs. Wright, and their family. Mr. Wright said that he waa exceedingly obliged to them for thia unmistakeable mark pf their regard. He felt the pain of separation very muoh. He could nnhesita tingly say that during his term of office aa Commissioner he had fouud . no oooasion to complain of the conduct of those under iiis direction. Indeed, he believed'that the men in the service were the best lot that "could be got together in any railway service in any part of tho world. After leave- taking, waa over, Mr. Wright entered his carriage, and the train left the station, amid a general ex- pression of hearty good wishes that Success, might attend his labors as manager of the ' Great Southern Bailway. 11 THE aboriginal " Albino " fonnd by McPhee some two hundred and thirty miles , to tho south-east of Lagrange Bay, andi j brought down by him to Perth, was exhibited in the S. B. Mechanics' Hall, on Saturday. It must be confossed that ho.differs to a very large dogreo from tie ordinary albino, whose 'skin generally is Of a pale milky colour, the bair either the paloBtof flaxon or quite white, tho coleur of the eyes varying from pink to. deep red, although it is usually observed that while the irides are pink, the pupils are red.' Gênerai observation has also proved that' these peculiarities oxÍ6t almost to an uniform' degree, no matter what may be the race to~ whioh the albino belongB. Jungnh, as fchè native ia oalled, has .none of these peculiar^ ties, but differs from the ordinary aboriginal < chiefly in the colour of his skinagd hair. The former ia of a light brown tinged^with red, or what may bo balled a oopper^colour. His, halt ÍB a very pale brown tinj^aï^th flaxen. The irides of his eyes 'are basel brown, and there is a slight brownish ap- pearance about the pupils., Has lips are somewhat brighter than an ordinary native's, and the hair on his f eoe ia somewhat' darkor' ¡than that on his head.- - Hts limbs ate covered with light hair of thk same colour aa ; that wbioh covers his head.- Kia age ia about *27 ,, yours. ; The cast of features ia dutinotlythat. I of a native from inland, and so, also, is tb» shape of his bead. His stature is about that of an ordinary man, and for a native hs is j extremely well-developed. Tho front part of his body und shoulders is tatoood with lorfr slightly curved'horizontal linet. Whoa ex- hibited on Saturday he was dressed in white pants, and wore a headdress of feathers and red worsted, through the bock of which was atuck a long ftaj; atiok. In his nose he wore a lengthy piece of kangaroo bone, and his beard was tied np with red worsted. He did not appear ip the least shy or uncom- fortable, but, Mr. Mcphee says,, perfectly understood why ho was there. He had always found him very tractable iu his die. position, and of au even, quiet temper. As companions he had two native lads from the coast, who like Mr. McPhee,. speaks his language. A bolt of hair made of Jungun's hair, and one made of his father's (the latter was quite black), a girdle of rat and opossum fur, and also somo of bis weapons were shewn. His father and mother, Mr. McPhee status, aro quite black, and the latter told him she hod never seen a white man up her way. Jungun's sisters, of whom he bas several, are also black. The hall was visited by a goad many people in the morning, and'S again in the evening, all of whom inspected > the" Albino" with a considerable amount bf interest. The notice, which was bestowed upon bim appeared to please him excessively, and during tho evening, be and bis two com- panions gaye thp(audience a specimen of the songs1*)! jua' district! Unlike most musical performers, however, Jungan and bis friends preferred to fas invisible while entertaining the audience with singing, and retired behind the , drop curtain on the stage. It is Mr. McPhee ß intention to take Jangua to Mel- bourne, 'whither the latter, is perfectly Willing tb go: ' The news of his coming has already preceded bim, and we understand his arrival is. looked forward to with some interest. 