THE PREVAILING COMPLAINT. The suqifjct o? the weather is just now One that takes precedence over a'-most Wery other topic of conversation, and it would be interesting for a person to make a note of bow many rimes in the day a remark as to atmospheric condi tions was male to him by personal friends and c isaal acquaintances. That it is hot there is no question of doubt, and perspiring humanity may b? excused For ritei-ation of a known tact. The absence of rain is becoming a very Eerious matter, and is injuriously affect ing almost every interest. The farmer has to face a bad harvest, owing to the crops being atiheced with rust, that destructive pest having attacked the wheat paddocks in many directions to Eucb an extent as to entirely deprive the grower of the results of bis season's labor and expectations : while where Euch is not the case the grain is pinched and parched, and the yield is remarkably Email. Buyers are in consequence cbarv of operations, and prices for good mill ing wheat rule high. A gloom;.- outlook for both producer and consumer, not to Epeak of the trading community, who naturally rejoice at the success of che agriculturists, whose- spending power is measured hy the productiveness or otherwise of their laud under cultiva tion. Then the wine-growers, whose in- flustry in Victoria is gradually bur. certainly becoming one of the mos: Important of any in the colony, will in a Revere measure fee' the effects of the prolonged drought, which, coming at a time when moisture was required to fill out the grapes, will prejudicially detract from tho quantity and quality of ihe Vintage, the berries being shrivelled and flried just on the eve of ripening. As in the case of the farmer, so has the vigneron to meet with an insidious foe, In the way of £ form ot insect lite, variously termed a fly and a hug, which plavs havoc among the vines aud adds materially to the troubles of the owners of properties where it has made its dreaded appearance. The Department of Agriculture is using well-direc'ed energv in the way of seeking to find a remedy — if such can be discovered — or a specific for the protection of the vrheatfields, the vineyards and the orchards from the ravages ot these ap parently insignificant but voracious little enemies : and it is to be hoped that the Investigations and scientific researches of entomologists and otners who have ihe matter in hand will lead to the desired end. Yet another scourge of the settler, both in wooded and partially cleared country, is the bush- fire, the Seemingly natural concomitant of the Australian summer, which when once started devastates mile upon mile of pasture-land, sweeping with its destroying agency every vestige ot vege tation , an ! , wliere precautionary measures have not been taken, at one fell swoop levelling the work of years and the fruits of the expenditure of large sums of monev. in!"tke way of dwelling-houses and other farm buildings and Jencmg. nv. ni-at-isnf fhe rponrrenoe o! droughts Is a physical impossibility, but not so with regard to bush-fires, which may by the exercise of care be guarded against. The law provides a penalty for the car i les; use of fire, and in a paragraph in .this issue it will be seen where in one case that penalty, though in its mil lest form (as, no doubt, » arranted by circum stances). 1 la s been enforced ; and it be hoves the public to give every assistance to cbe off. vrrs of jnstiee,tow-.u-ds putting the law iu,o operation. We can only await with patience and resignation that much-desk !. change in the weather that has durir : dne past few weeks so otten threaten i i, but never attained fulfil- me t. 