MELBOURNE. Monday. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) [By WIRE.] Foundation Day, Commemoration Day, Anniversary Day, Centennial Day, as it is variously styled—isn’t it about time that our Native friends who created it should give it a “ proper name 2”—has been observed to day as a general holiday, except by a few large firms—James M'Ewau and Cos. being a conspicuous instance—who insisted upon keeping open, and making believe to do business when none offered. Generally our citizens have, I think, kept within doors, for the day has been a Swelterer. Hundred in the shade, 150 in the sun, was Mr Ellery’s record, at noon; but it must be remembered that Mr Ellery’s shade record is always two or three degrees lower than that of the city, where there is greater radiatiou from walls and pavements. But about 4 o’clock the sun burned a hole in the thick bank of bushfire smoke which had palled us all day, and the thermometer jumped to between 160 deg. and 170 deg., and,there doesn’t seem to be the faintest prospect of any change. During a residence of some 37 years in Victoria I have ex perienced far greater heat, but I certainly cannot recall a period when it lasted without any. change for so long a time. Most of us who are unable to get away from the city are going about with owlish eyes blinking for want of sleep. The wife of the poor boatman Page, who you will remember was drowned in the Bay last week, has been missing for some days, and it was feared had committed suicide. She has, however, regained her home at Beaumaris, and appeals only to have wandered about for some time dis traught with her affliction. Percy Lewis, the well known cricket wicket-keeper, was brought before the City Court this morning, and remauded until Wednesday on a charge of ..stealing £4 13s, the moneys of his employer, Mr S. L. Skinner, solicitor. Percy admits the charge, stating he took the money hoping to make it up again, aud has beeu admitted to bail. A curious fate seems to dog the footsteps of Mrs Spann, whose name has been familiarised to the public previously. On Sunday morning her boot shop in Elizabeth street was broken into at 9 a.m., the pad lock being wrenched off the door, aud about £5O worth, of boots aud shoes stolen, the thieves also providing themselves with suit able foot gear, and leaving worn out articles in place of that they took. The safe, which has thrice before withstood the attacks of people unlawfully desiring to penetrate its mysteries, agniu successfully resisted the burglars. Mrs Spann’s charwoman saw one of the men standing at the shopdoor, which was open on Sunday morning, and asked him if Mrs Spann was going in the future to keep open on Sundays. He replied in the negative, but stated he was there to do some repairs by the instructions of the pro prietress, aud the woman walked away un alarmed by this suspicious circumstance. The robbery was afterwards discovered by the “ beat constable.” As intimating that his superiority in the sword contest at the Caledonian sports on Saturday was uot due to the training of his horse. Captain Jennings desires that it should be intimated that the animal he hud under him was merely lent to him from Kirk’s Bazaar, and had only been ridden three times by him. He is prepared to “ put up ” for any further challenges made by Ross. Impelled by thirst, a lad named Michael Quinlan, aged 16, stole a bottle of soda water, valued twopence, from a restauranteur uamed Charles Hunger. Hunger and thirst met to-day at the police court, and the latter was ordered to be imprisoned for a month unless lie c< uld find sureties for his good behavior. The sports, iu inaugurated by the Aus tralian Natives’ Association in calebrution of the Hutional holiday they have obtained, were carried off successfuly on the Friendly Society’s grounds to- day. There was a large attendance of the public, and despite the intense heat, the events were spiritedly contested. There was also a large gathering of child ren’s temperance corps iu the Exhibition. The lads assembled at the public offices, aud inarched down Collins street and via Russell street to the Exhibition, where numerous amusements were provided. Visitors to Melbourne should see Paiu’s “ Great fire of Loudon” at the Friendly Societies’ Gardens. The entertainment is a suitable one for this kind of weather, and is remarkably good, surpassing all Paiu’s pre vious efforts. The steamer Riveriua, which arrived from London the week before last, aud sailed for Sydney on Salurday, has gone ashore off Gabo Island. The crew, 17 iu number, got safe away, and are being taken ou to Sydney by the Weudouree. No further particulars to hand. Three suddeu deaths occui red to-day due to heat apoplexy. - 