Our Vasse Letter. (From our Correspondent.) Busselton, February 10. Another fancy-dress ball was held here on the Monday following the one in aid of the Weld Institute. A large number attended by invitation and everything passed off well; the dresses worn being similar to those appropriated on the previous occasion. On Saturday last Mr. G. Layman ap peared to a summons at tne Jronce-courc taken out by Mr. E. N. M. Locke, who claimed damages for the ttespas's of certain steek upon his land, also for allowing an entire horse to roam at large. The case was heard before Dr. Lepper, E.M., and Messrs. R Gale and J. Cook worthy, J.P.'s. Damages were laid at £19. Mr. Sisson appeared for the plain tiff, the defendant appeared inperson. Mr. E. C. B. Locke and C. House, junr., appear ed as witnesses for the plaintiff, and from the evidence adduced it appears that plain tiff' s- and defendant's lands adjoin, and that although Mr. Locke had placed a good fence upon his portion of the boundary-line Mr. Layman had neglected. to do so on his j the consequence being that the cattle broke the fence and trespassed upon Mr. Locke's land. Mr. Layman read a written defence, which he handed to the Bench, in which he virtually admitted trespass, but urged that inasmuch as the cattle had been impound ed and that he paid the poundage fees that he was not responsible for damages, and referred the Bench to the 13th and 19th clauses of the Trespass Act. The Bench refused to allow Mr. Sisson to cross- examine Mr. Layman, Mr. Cookworthy urging that Mr. Layman was not a witness. Mr. Layman called no wit nesses. The Bench ultimately ordered Mr. Layman to pay £2 for the horse and 3d. per bead for the cattle, with costs, amount ing in all to £5 Is. 9d. It may be worth mentioning that Mr. E. C. B. Locke, one of the . -witnesses for the plaintiff, admitted that there had been a general trespass all round. After the Bench had sjiven their decision Mr. Sisson renewed his argument with reference to his not being allowed to cross-examine Mr. Layman, and after along argument the chairman promised that he would refer the matter to the Hon. the Attorney General for his opinion. Our cricketers went to Bunbury en Fri day last, to play a game with the Bunbury men. The team was by no means a strong one ; so that their defeat is not to be wondered at, more especially as they have had little practice of late. There is to be a meeting next Saturday for the purpose of endeavouring to get up some horseracing this year. I believe sev eral persons have already promised a tair sum towards the same. Lists have already been started in aid of subscriptions. Our annual harvest homing service takes place on Thursday next, and is to be in the shape of a ball and fruit banquet, in lieu of a concert and dance. Mr. Yelverton is still cutting at his saw mills, and I hear 'Mr. Payne has a good many piles ready for shipment at Locke ville, on account of Mr. ' Yelverton. Mr. Payne has, I understand, secured the right to cut timber and use the W. A. Tim ber Co.'s railway line for a time. The weather is still very hot, and bush fires are very prevalent. In consequence of such large numbers of Paintings, Photo3, Engravings ; and Pic bures which are constantly being brought bo W. Zimpel, Furniture Manufacturer of Hay-street Perth, to be mounted and fram ed, he has imported a large consignment of different kinds of picture frame mould ings, which he has received ex ' Minero, ' and which he has just unpacked, compris ing gold mouldings, black and gold_, wal aut, rosewood, etc., etc. from which to gether with those of his own manufacture, he can suit all. Paintings Photos, Engrav ings and Pictures are still mounted and framed by W. Zimpel, in his usual first class style and at moderate charges. — Advt. Chbistmas Gbockeies & Confectionery — M. Higham & Sons have just opened, ex 'Wilcaania,' a full assortment of Cross and Blackwell's and other favourite makers' goods, specially imported for the Xraas trade. — Advt. Washing made easy by using Borax Dry Soap, the best of all washing powders, to be had from every store. Ask for this.and take no other. — Advt. . Try C. Eodereda & C.o.'s Pore Teas :— Is. 3d., Is. 6d., Is. 9d;, ahd2sr— Advt; ; Messrs. J. F. Bead & Co. have commen ced their SUMMER: ;DBAPEBY; SALE, and judging by the liberal Discount of 5s. in the £ a speedy clearance should be effect ed. Fancy Goods and Job Lots at half-price. — Advt. Our stock of General Drapery, Men's, Youths' and Boys' Clothing, Hats, ete., suitable for the season, is unrivalled. The reputation this old-established house has earned for superiority of articles and reasonable prices is still maintained in all Departments. Geo. H. Snowbail & Co. — Advt. Special Bargains ! Special Bar gains / Drapery ! Drapery ! Drapery ! Startling Keductions ! Hope & Bicks, the People's Drapers and Clpthiers, wholesale and retail, are now offering very special inducements to buyers. The following instances will be suffi cient to show the unprecedented re ductions made in many lines : — Men's Tweed Suits 31s. 6d., reduced to 18s. 9d. ; Do., do. 42s., reduced to 32s. 9d.; Men's Diagonal Suits, 37s. 6d., reduc ed to 28s. 6d.; Men's White Drill Suits 12s. 6d., reduced to 9s. 1 Id. ; Men's do. do., 10s. 6d., reduced to 8s. lid. ; Men's Bedford Cord Trows erslOs. 9d., reduced to 7s. lid. ; Men's Regatta. Shirts 3s. 6d., reduced to 2s. 9d. ; Boys' Knicker Suits 2s. 9d., 3s: lid., 4s. lid., 5s. lld.,6s.lld.; Boy's white Flannel Trowsers* 9s. to 6si lid.; Parasols reduced 2s. lid. to Is. lid.; Do. do., 3s. lid. to 2s. lid. &c.i; &c.; All goods new and fresh. Gent's Boots and Shoes at Cost Price. Come early and secure Bargains. Kindly observe our windows — every artiole ticketed. Ask for Tweed Trousers; from 3s. lid. to 5s. lid., — 500 pairs ditto at greatly reduced prices— must be cleared. Hope & Hicks, opposite Commercial Hotel, High-street, Fre mautle.- - 