BOWMAN'S FOREST. (fROST oca OWN- CORRESPONDENT.) Monday, Bormg is at a standstill, for want of rods. The contractor was infci'mecl before leaving Melbourne that not more than 100 to 170 feet of rods would be required, but has found out tbat a mis take has been made. The hole is- now down 331 feet, and no- granite. There has been but a slighir obange- in the ground bored through for the lasirSlO feet. I cannot see the- use' of spending so much money foolishly ; for I think that any right-thinking- man would see j the folly of boring through such stuff as is met with in all the holes thai.- have been put down. However, those who are paid to understand: such matters say, t: Continue until; granite ifogot." I do not know when this pk&e; was ever so slack as regards mining.. There is nothing at all doing — no new finds, nor any water for prospecting. Another of those social gatherings for which the Forest is now. getting noted took place at the. Public Room- on Friday evening last. There- were about 25 couples present, and dancing was kept up till about 4 o'clock- in the- morning. No charge was made- f- r admission, as the young men- club- together to pay expenses, and invite whom- they wish. All seemed to enjoy themselves, and the refreshments supplied! were greatly ap preciated. A similar party- will be given in about a month's time;. when I hope to see a good! muster. There may soon be- a breach of promise case- before- the- ibw courts. A young fellowv has bsea " thrown over" by a Melbourne- girl',, after everything had been arranged fcr-ime joining of two. young people in. the- holy bonds of matrimony — house- biaili, furniture se lected, and other matters looked after.-. If the suit does eeme before the public, it will Be amusing; to see a male plaintiff!' figuring in such a ease. If anyone abcurfr Beech-worth is sxcfev-. iDg item indigestion, I would adssise- them- to take a smart drive dowm the Bn-iklanA G?-gv I will guarantee, that, they will get & thoroughly good shaking, and possibly- not require to takftoustor- o:L The state the road is in is. simply disgraceful There are loads of' loose j metal lying; about in all directions, and sas yon get lower down the stones, saem to \- increase dimensions till at Rawevs. Creek they reoch a size of from six to eight inohesia length. It would not be a bad idea for shire councillors at "their next meeting (if they mean So let the roads remain as they are) to enter into a con tract with the oaachbnilders and saddlers of the town to keep in repair, vehicles aad harness damaged by travelling over the roads within the United Shire of Beechworth. Talk about hot weather! "We have had some here daring the last week. 102 in the shade is rather warm but there seems to be a change coming -on. We want rain, for the place is entirely burnt up— not only with the heat of the sun, bat bush-fires have been raging all arcond. 