^.-HUbTUMr.lH:'PA1IV4-.--: ' :? Bain- ? '? ?.' ? ?? ? ??'? '?? ' ' -. ' Not enough. ???' - ' '' ' Bushflres at Zeehan. ' 'Weather gradually getting cooler. ' ;?? ??Splendid race meeting at Mowbray.1 v Races not so good tliiS'Week at Elwick. Some one shook Captain Barry's manu acrint. ; ' London dock owners now employing non union laborers. A revolutionary rising in Stamboul has ?been ; frustrated. Tall persons enjoy a greater longevity 'than small ones. Torquay and Pormby joined hands. ?Vive la Devonport. John Jarman, s.s. Cambria, drowned at -'{Table Cape, Tuesday. The fish consumed in London annually, would weigh 136,251 tons. Mr Andrew Town, prominent Sydney racing man, died on Monday. _ A Russian conversion loan for 14 million sterling is about being issued. A movement is on foot for proclaiming ?Canada an independent}nation. A long-distance telephone of 113 miles has-been established in JTinland. Wood pavement lasts about six years ?in streets were the traffic is heavy. It has been estimated that there are ?nearly 36,000 blind beggars in France. Two hundred thousand people die every -year in England of incurable diseases. Terrible holocaust at Newport colliery* South Wales, 175 smothered by fire-damp. A seaside hotel near New York is a .quarter of a mile long, and has 1200 rooms. Marriage with deceased wife's sister bill again to be introduced in Imperial Parlia ment. At the gold-fields, Transvaal, whisky 'brings 62s, champagne 25s, and beer 4s a ?bottle. .Steamer Gulf of Venice, bound for Tas jnonia. has nut into Portland with machinery ? disabled. ' The illumination of the dome and cupola of St. Peter's, Borne, uaually requires over ?300 men. ?-. ? \- female aeronaut made a successful drop ?of 3,000 feet, by parachute, at Newcastle ?yesterday. ' ? :'??'.? i ? -The railway companies of England re-; -ceive nearly two million a year from season ticket holders, To-day more than 2,000,000 of the youth \- of India are receiving an education in the English language. Letters, in the handwriting of Pigott, the ?notorioua forger, are advertised .for sale at i two guineas apiece. Fifty-five ITrench priests had their sti pends, suspended by the Government for ? electioneering sermons. Customs returns for the week ending 8th February last :— Hobart, £4497 12s Id. ; Launceston, £2353 18s. Alaska, with its islands, is said to have a ? coast-line of 25,000 miles, equal to the cir cumference of the globe. Lord Carrington it is stated will leave ?Sydney in December for England. His term of office expires this year. H.M.S. Rapid and Royalist arrived at Hobart on Monday, and will await arrival ? of H.M.S. Orlando from Auckland. A movement is on foot to erect — in West .minster Abbey or St. Paul's— a suitable memorial to the late Wilkie Collins. Two cheques for more than two millions of pounds each were passed last year through the Clearing-house in London. Mr Arrowsmith, the Bristol publisher, has .arranged with Dr. W. G. Grace to write his experience of ' Forty Tears of Cricket.' The old carriages were very heavy. A state-carriage built for George III, in 1762, which coast £7652, weighed nearly four .ions. The s.s. Gulf of Mexico has this week -brought from England six blood horses -valued at £8000 for Mr W, Wilson of Broken Sill. Tasmanian Governtment Kailways show excellent progress.; last week, return '£860 over corresponding week previous year. ,In the year ending October 31 last 1,810 .patients bitten by dogs were treated at the Pasteur Institute. in Paris. There were 13 deaths. The .first electric tramway in Italy is -soon to be opened between Florence and ' Fiesole. Its total length will be 7,300 metres. Chief 'Justice Tilley, of Queensland, does believe in Imperial Federation, and says Australia does not want British surplus paupers. The average watch is composed of 175 different pieces, comprising upwards of 24,000 separate and distinct operations in its . manufacture. It is computed that in India about -106,000,000 males and 111,000,000 females : are neither under instruction nor able to jiead or write. An Indian, runner in California recently travelled a 120 miles in two days to curry unimportant message. He showed hardly . any sign of fatigue. !S91008,0001bs of paper are, it is caculated, ? used each week in printing the London ? dalies, penny weeklies, and three principal illustrated weeklies. No less than 17,077 papers and periodi . cols are now published in the United States . and Columbia. There has been an. increase of-80G0 in ten years. ?Edison has just taken out his 500th patent for a new invention, and has also eent in nearly 300 applications for patents pending on all subjects. .The.£nnual average decreise of ilndians in the United States is said to be naarlv 5000\. Their present total number is est imated to be about 245,000. It is estimated that the annual money ?tfalue of the fruit consumed in Great Britain -js £10,000,000, of which about .3,000,000 worth is imported. A number of reindeer have been imported ?from Norway, and turned out on a deer foreetin the north of Scotland, in the hopa that they may became acclimatised. A starling was discovered at the bottom of a eoal-pit near .Airdrie, and on being taken to the surfacaii next day returned to the bottom of the .shaft, some 900 feet. The actual number of settlers in Canada sn 1888, as shown by the raturns received from all parts, was 83,700. This is an increase oi 4200 as compared with 1887. An average of a million letters are delivered by post in London every week day. In the city districts there are 12 postal deliveries every day, except Sunday. Blind men in Japan, instead of being led by a child, or dog with a string, carry a whistle, which they blow, and those who hear it leave the pathway free before their feet. \- The '? weight of ? 'fish- landed '.in ;_.Great. Britian .and' Ireland during-, ; 1888,., Yras 575,000 tons, of whichspmewhat less than, half was carried into the. interior by rail way. ?; ?; ?- -: ? , ' ' -'* ?'???? ??'?-? ??''?' A seaman at Milton, Sittingbourne, who has just attained his 100th year, was powder monkey on board the vessel which brought to England the news of the victory ofTrafalgar.. .„ '^ 1,. , ' '/.',.' , ?' The wedding trouss'ean of the Empress of .China filled 600 boxes, each 'of which took two men to carry. The Emperor's two other wives were able to pack their apparel into 200 boxes. .'.,' , ',? The Due de Bragance, the new steamer of the Compagnie Gt5oi3rale Transatlantique, has just made the run from Algiers to. Mar- seilles in 23£ hours, which is said to be the fastest time on record: ' The Russian Government isare organising an administrative railway staff composed of military men, who, in case of war,- will re place most of the civil officials on the west ern railways of Russia. ...' ' ' Sir James King, the Lord provost,' form ally opened the new municipal buildings at Glasgow recently. The foundation-stone was hid six years ago in George-square. The building cost £540,000. A new novel, entitled The Career of a '? Nihilist, by Stepniak, will shortly be issued, It deals with movements or revolutionary life in Russia, the hero being one .of the chief agents of the Nihilist party. , The_ number of artificial teeth made in America last year by three of the largest business houses in the trade was nearly 20,000,000, and this was not more than half the actual production of the country. . ? Some excitement has been 'caused by a reported great find 'of gold ' in Western .North Carolina, U.S. Experts declare that the gold shows itself in the same way, and 'is as plentiful! as it was in California. , There ' died recently, at Milwaukee, United. States, a man named William Waterman, aged 114 years. . His, first wife died at the age of 75. He married his second wife when he was in his 100th year. Recent. Ceylon papers contain accounts of d remarkable ceremony which took place lately in Colombo. This was the' 'recep tion' of a gentleman from America, who lately arrived in Ceylon, into the Buddhist creed. . ' At a small farmhouse near Lockeford, about 17 miles from Stockton, California, recently, O. A. Boss, an itinerant Congrega tional minister, murdered his wife and little son while they slept, and then blew out his brains. Sir Frederick Roberts considers that the services rendered by the workers in con nection with the Soldier's Total Abstinence Association has been equal to the addition of two battalions to the effective forces of India. Sir John Lubbook says ;—' During the many years that I have had ants under observation, I have never on any occasion seen anything like a quarrel between any two ants belonging to the same com munity,' It is said to be the intention of the United States Government to enclose a great sweep of forest land near Washing ton, and therein to shelter as complete a collection as -can be formed of the animals of the earth. The statue of a god in a sitting posture has been discovered at Tripolitza. The style' of the art approaches that of 'the antique -Egyptian sculptors. The statue is supposed to be the most ancient yet dis covered in Greece. It is stated that the annual revenue re ceived from visitors to Abbotsford-house, the residence of the late Sir Walter Scott, Bart,, amounts to £419, after deducting all expenses. The total annual value of the house is given at £294. The costliest stable in the world has been built in Syracuse, New York State, for p. Edgar Crouse, a gentleman known in America as 'the millionaire horseman.' When it is complesed it will represent an outlay of at least £100,000. Two Congregational churches in Maine have a pastor between them. Both /would like to have his services on Sunday even ings, but, this being impossible, the diffi culty is solved by the pastor's wife con ducting the service at one of the churches. By recent nets of the United States Con gress every Indian over 21 years of age who receives an nllotment of land in severally becomes a voter. At the Interior depart ment it is thought that upward of 20,000 Indians will be entitled to a vote at the next Presidential election. The County ' Council of London has abolished pensions. It has passed a resolu tion; ' That in the opinion of the Council, all officers to be appointed by the Council should be appointed on the distinct under standing that no superannuation or pension shall be attached to the office.' There are 574,740 occupiers of land in G;eat Britain- 427,384 in England, 63,003 in Wales, and 82,453 in Scotland— making altogether 4634 more than last year. It appears that the area worked by tenants in Great Britian is 27,881,123 acres, while only 4,852,225 acres are tilled by the owners. An ancient catacomb has- been discovered in Naples containing several perfect skele tons. The tombs from inscriptions, are believed to be 3000 years old. Some lamps found therein were in such good preser vation that they were at once made use of by the explorers to light up the vaults. A curious exhibition of stamps can now be seen in Leipzig. Eighty-five thousand stamps of every nation are so grouped and arranged over a space of 200 square feet that they represent the following charac ters in lite size :— William 1.,'Frederick III 3£ing Albert, Bismark, Leo' XIII. and the Germouia. - T+: la a£nf-a/3' nn nn«n«n««.l» _-„!? T_i _ authority, that over 90,000 copies of the populur baritone ' song, 'Queen of my, Heart,' have been sold. And yet for more than ten years previous to the production of '' Dorothy,' this very song had laid neglected and' untouched on the shelves of the music-sailers. ?While cutting for the Manchester Ship Canal, a pre-historic caneo has been dis covered embedded in the sand, 25ft from the surface. It wag-carved' out of an oak tree, and notwithstanding' the lapse of centuries, the marks of the axe or,.flint instrument aice distinctly visible in the in terior of the eaneo. ' ? ? As an advertisement for the first night: of a play called ' The Honeymoon,' the mana ger of the Wallner Theatre at Berlin placed one hundred_ stalls', at the 'disposal of fifty newly-married couples, so that the occasion was graced by. the presence 'of fifty young bridegrooms in raven-hued suits and white ties, and fifty blooming brides ' in : myrtle wreaths and white tulle veils, ??' . 