THE W. A, CONSTITUTION • BILL LORD KNUTSFORD MEETS THE DELEGATES. [BY TELEGRAPH.J London, Jauuary 80. (FBOM OUB OWN CORRESPONDENT) The Western Australian delegate* met Lord Knutsford this (Thursday) morning, and conversed with him for some time on Responsible Government. There were present Sir Frederick Broome, Sir William Robinson, Sir Thomas Campbell, Mr. S. H. P»rker t ' Sir Robert Herbert, the Permanent Under Secretary, and Mr. Bramston, the Assistant Under Secretary. The delegates were received most favorably. _ The Enabling Bill wilf be introduced ; directly Parliament meets. There will be only a brief debate on the second reading, and then the measure will be referred to a Select. Committee. The management of the goldfielda "was fully discussed with a view to pre- , venting inconvenience, arising from the division of the colony for the purppsea of land legislation. Lord Knutsford seems highly favorable to Responsible Government. THE total arrivals and departures by sea for the December quarter were 597 ana 543 ; respectively. 1 • ' CUSTOMS RECEIPTS.—Perth, January Si. The customs receipts for this month amount to £10,492. FAILURE.—Perth, January 31.—Mr. Sidney Hymus has filed his petition for liquidation. His estimated liabilities are set down at £7184 Is. lOd. SELLING LIQUOB TO NATIVES.—Perth' Jan. SI.—A man named James Harding has been fined £30 and sentenced to three month* imprisonment for selling liquor to natives. THE DEFALCATIONS OF THE FBEMANT&B; . COLLECTOR—Perth, January 31—The special audit of the Municipal accounts at Fremantle shows a deficiency of nearly £365. EXPORT OF GOLD.—Perth, January 80.— > The export of gold during the December quarter reached 4730 OK., being an lncreace ; of 1587 oz. upon the previous quarter. THE M.M.S.S. Salazie, during her voyage from Marseilles,, experienced rough head ! winds in the Mediterranean, fine weather in ' the Red Sea and to'Mah£. From there she > met strong trade winds and at Cape Leeuwia ; there was a very heavy swelL > WEATHER IN PERTH.—Perth, Jannary 81. For upwards of a week the weather here has been intensely hot. Bushfires have been raging all round the outskirts of the town for the last two or three days. Rain is 1 threatened, but still holds out. THE Chairman of the W.A. Land Company , (Mr. James Martin) returned to Albany by the Yaletta. He has been on an extensive trip i through the Eastern Colonies with a view to collecting information that might be useful to his company, also in order to • push their land interests. PROFESSOR WTMAN and Miss Amy Roberts, the well-known fancy and trick skaters, will perform in the Town Hall, Albany, on Monday evening. It was Professor Wyman who created a sensation lately in the other colonies by skating down a toboggan track. THE MILITARY TOURNAMENT.—Perth, January 31.—A general committee, consisting of the commanding officers of the different corps and other commissioned officers, has been elected in connection with the forthcoming volunteer tournament. Captain De Hamel is on the committee. Major Pilkington is president. AT a meeting of the committee of the Albany Agricultural and Horticultural Society the other evening, Mr. H. Newman, who has officiated in the capacity of Secretary and Treasurer to the Society since it* inauguration in August last, and to whole exertions and energy its existence, and much of the success of its maiden effort, were due, finding that the duties of the position demanded more of his time and attention than he was able to beBtow upon them, tendered his resignation of the same. Mr. E. T. Peate, who was in the chair, and other members of the committee, referred in complimentary terms to the services that had been rendered by Mr. Newman to the infant society ; and a resolution that he should be placed on the committee, in the room of a retiring member, was carried unanimously. The acceptance of his resignation was followed by the appointment of Mr. E. Holland as Secretary, Mr. R. T. Robinson as Treasurer, and Messrs. Peate and Piers»ene as auditors. The committee then proceeded to discuss the prize list for the forthcoming Autumn show, which had been drawn out by a sub-committee; this was amended in certain particulars, and adopted as amended. THE Rev. Mr. Mouland's lecture on, " Books : Good and bad," was delivered on Wednesday evening to a fair audience in the Wesleyan Church. The Mayor, Mr. J. Moir, presided. The lecture was divided into three sections, a selection of vocal and instrumental music intervening. Th4 soloists of the evening were Mrs. lfler, Mrs. Potts, and Mrs. Wyle and Messrs. Phillips and Raikes. The lecture, which lasted altogether about threequarters of an hour, covered a large amount of literary ground, ranging from Homer and other writers to the most modern writers of popular fiction. While .not decrying novels because they were novels, Mr. Mouland expressed a decided aversion to much which passes as light literature of the day. He earnestly desired all young people only to read the works of standard authors, a number of which he mentioned. The lecture was a well delivered warning not to read certain books, or papers such as the New York Police Newt. Mr. R. T. Robinson proposed a vote of thanks to the lecturer for his able and interesting lecture; to Mr. Moir for presiding ; and to the choir and friends for the musical part of the evening's entertainment. Mr. Mouland acknowledged the vote, as also aid the Mayor. Mr. Wyle replied tor the choir, and the proceedings then terminated. 