Our Vasse Letter. (From our Correspondent.) Bcsbklton, February 10. Another fancy-dress ball was held here on the Monday following the one in aid of the Weld Institute. A large number attended by invitation and everything passed off well; the dresses worn being similar to those appropriated on the previous occasion. On Saturday last Mr. G. Layman .ap peared to a summons at the Police-court taken out by Mr. K. 15. M. Locke, who claimed damages for the trespass of certain stock upon his land, also for allowing an entire horse to roam at Luge. The case was heard before Dr. Lepper, K.M., and Messrs. B. Gale and J. Cook Worthy, J.P.'s. Damages were laid at £19. Mr. Sisson appeared for the plain tiff, the defendant appeared in person. Mr. E. C. B. Locke and C. Hoase, junr., appear ed as witnesses for the plaintiff, and from the evidence adduced it appears that plain tiffs and defendant's lands adjoin, and ^?haf although Mr. Cocke ^*»^ placed a good fence upon his portion of the boundary-line Mr. Layman had neglected to do so on bis ; the conbequence being that the cattle broke the fence and trespassed upon Mr. Locke's land. Mr. Layman read a written defence, which he banded to the Bench, in which he virtually admitted trespass, but urged that inasmuch as the cattle had been impound ed and that he paid the poundage fees that he was not responsible for damages, and referred the Bench to the 13th and 19th clauses of the Trespass Act. Toe Bench refused to allow Mr. Sisson to cross-examine Mr. Layman, Mr. Cookworchy urging that Mr. Layman was not a witness. Mr. Layman «alled no wit nesses. Tae Bench ultimately ordered Mr. Layman to pay JE2 for the hone and 8d. per headfor the cattle, with costs, amount ing in all to £& Is. 9d. It may be worth mentioning that Mr. B.C. B. Locke, one of the witnesses' for the plaintiff, admitted that there had been a general trespass all round. After the Bench had given their decision Mr. Sisaon renewed bis argument with reference to- bis n«t being allowed to cross-examine Mr. Layman, and after along argument the chairman promised that he would refer the matter to the Hon. the Attorney General for his opinion. Our cricketers went to Bunburycn Fri day last, to play a game with the Bunbury men. The teain was by no means a strong one; so that their defeat is not to be wondered at, more especially as they have had little practice of bite. There is to be a meeting next Saturday for the purpose of endeavouring to get up some horseradng this year. I believe sev eral persons have already promised a fair earn towards the same. lasts have already been started in aid of subscriptions. Our annual harvest homing service takes place on Thursday next, and iB to be in the shape of a ball and fruit banquet, in lien of a concert and dance. Mr. Yelverton is still cutting at his saw mills, and X hear Mr. Payne has a good many piles ready for shipment at Locke ville, on a^'y'n-: of Mr. Yelverton. Mr. Payne has, I understand, secured the right to cut timber and use' the W. A. Tim ber Co.'e railway line for a time. The weather is stfll very hot, and bush fires are very prevalent. 