Table Talk. The conference on Australian Federation is rapidly approaching, and from what I hear the programme for discussion will be formed on the lines of Sir Henry Parkes' scheme, already published. He will attempt to shirk the Tariff question and enlarge, on the Military scheme. Victoria and South Australia on the other hand will insist upon the Tariff question. Reciprocity in raw products will be allowed, and the idea will be put forward to levy a general rate, say of 10 per cent on manufactured articles imported from abroad, local manufacturers being protected, as separate colonies may desire, by a bounty system, the funds being provided from the general rate. The Imperial Government, my informants tell me, have decided to remain perfectly neutral, except that they maintain full sovereignty in the matter of foreign relations and the further partition of colonies such as Queensland, West Australia and the Northern Territory. After all the two delegates from South Australia to the Federal Council and the Convention, elected last week by the two Houses assembled and voting as one body, turn out to be Dr. Cockburn. and the Hon. T. Playford—or rather Mr. Playford. and Dr. Cockburn - for the leader of the Opposition polled more votes than the Premier. It is to be hoped while on their travels they will continue to keep out of sight the hatchet which seems to have been buried since the end of the session, for though most of the badgering of the Ministry was done by Mr. Kingston, the late Treasurer once or twice made himself particularly disagreeable to the leader of the House, particularly in the last week of the session. I hear that Dr. Cockburn, the Premier of South Australia, has, in the face of the Civil Service retrenchment which is still going on, given a good billet—as good billets go now-a-days — to personal friend of his own. This friend, it is said, noted as a sort of extra Parliamentary Opposition whipper-in at the-time the Playford Ministry were put out, and he would have had his reward sooner, but the Premier feared to face the House, and particularly Mr. Kingston, who is an unsparing foe, and whose denunciations make his opponents positively wither, and so the appointment is made in the middle. of the summer vacation. Of course, the turmoil of a general election may bury in oblivion such a simple little piece of business as the appointing of a Civil Service clerk to a post of some £200 a year. By the way, there is a great deal of doubt felt and expressed, about the likelihood of Dr. Cockburn coming back to the House at all. It will be a great pity if this should be the case, for the Premier, although unfit to lead, is very well fitted to follow— and follow well under capable generalship. Besides, he is an ornament to the House, being a good looking man, a good speaker, and fired occasionally with enthusiasm that approaches genius and lights up the dead level of the dreary political arena of South Australia. Now that the Howie enquiry in Adelaide, has terminated favourably to General Downes, that gentleman has been pleased to withdraw his resignation. Captain Howie has, I hear, applied for a position under the Victorian Government, and his friends hope he may find congenial people to work with, and wish him that suceess which malgré all enquiries and their findings they are quite sure he deserves. General Downes has withdrawn his resignation, notwithstanding his announcement that he could not consent to hold office, if the Howie enquiry came off, as it would be subversive to all discipline and quite impossible for him to call his junior officers as witnesses in his favor. However he did call a good many junior officers, who, of course, testified in his favor. The three honest gentlemen appointed to try the case found that there was "nothing in it," and the General swallowing his words, putting his pride in his pocket, and throwing his care for discipline of the force to the winds, consents to remain. Truly a lame and impotent conclusion. The City of Melbourne Corporation are announced to be intending to float off a loan of £1,000,000 on the London market, if possible, before the Victorian Premier or the Sydney Corporation "chip in," and tighten the loan market. The city already pays nearly £26,000 a year interest on loans, and the question for ratepayers to decide is whether they shall be saddled with the cost of providing more interest or whether they shall insist on the Corporation abstaining from luxurious display until they can pay for it out of a genuine surplus. Ratepayers so tamely submitted to paying £10,000 for the hideous excrescence called a portico, and close on another £8000 for whimsical alterations and decorations of the interior of the Town Hall, that a section of the Council think they can do what they like with the Corporation funds. The purchase of the City Court Buildings from the Government is an instance in point. The block is not worth £200,000 in the open market, for the Corporation can exercise such restrictions over the architecture and space occupied by any buildings erected on the site that no pile of offices would ever pay three per cent on the capital. The Corporation has no urgent need for the premises, and their purchase was just the whim of a rich man anxious to make his place more imposing than that of neighbours. the Government under any circumstance would have been forced to remove the Court and Lock-up from the buildings, for they had by reason of inadequate accommodation become a public nuisance. Why then should the citizens of Melbourne have to pay a fancy price for buildings useless to everyone. The loan not needed, as the money to complete the purchase from the Government could be obtained by the leasing of other city property which is at present mere waste ground, and there is no useful work to be done in the city at present which could not be done with funds in hand. A temporary sewage system is the urgent work at hand, and the money for this can be provided by rates. To borrow money to beautify public parks, make boulevards and decorate the Town Hall is sheer extravagance. The proposal to increase the salaries of the Victorian Supreme Court judges has tempted the daily newspapers too descend from their boasted high level of journalistic ethics and publish as facts the gossip of Temple Court and Selbourne Chambers. We have already heard that Mr. Justice Hodges earned £7000 in 1888, and that Mr. Justice Hood's earnings in 1889 amounted to £9000. Those who have a good opportunity of knowing what successful barristers earn in Victoria say that in many instances the incomes are overstated by interested friends; also that the earnings of last year are no criterion. It is "and old wind that blows nobody any good," and, as I predicted two years ago, a legal boom would follow the bursting of the land boom, and those lawyers and barristers who studied the Companies Act would get fat fees. Those who have an opportunity cf knowirsgwna: sue cestui barristers mats in Victoria say the amounts given as the incomes obtained by the leading members or the bar are largely overdrawn. last year was an excep tional one In legal circles. "It is an 111 wine mar blows nobody any good." and the " land boom." which had such disastrous eri&cts; to many leading briefness men was iba means of making several Melbourne soli citors comparatively wealthy, and patting thousands of pounds into the pockets of the members of the wig and gt»*u profession. There were the innumerable land actions, the court hearings which extended oxer many days ; the winding np of land companies, and trw. nmnenKS large insolvencies. All this meant no less a -»"» n £150,000 going to fill the already welj ifrtod pockets of the " Devil's Brigade." AIb. J. L. Partes. Q.C_ the leader of the Victorian bar. it is stated a steady income of about £5000 per annnm. Formerly his income was larger, bat now the President of the Australian Natives' Asocia tion has not nearly the large practice he had in the criminal courts before he "sported, silk," the reason being that a Queen's Counsel cannot appear without a junior, and therefore to have IIr. Porves' services it is necessary to fee a junior barrister as well. Dr. Madden, who appears in all the courts, and has by far the best all-rouiid practice, makes in fees every year a regular income, of £3000. Mr. Isaacs has made wonderful strides in the profession, and is now a recognised leader, having an extensive practice both in common law ani equity. His income for the last few years could not have been less than at the rate of £4000 a year. Mr. G. A. Smyth and Mr. J. B. Box appear to have a lien over Government briefs, which are gener ally marked with fat fees, and are making £3000 each yearly. The leaders of the Equity Court — a Court which it may be mentioned en p cut ant, has gone the way of all flesh, having been merged into the common law couit.—ire Mr. Sr. John Topp and Mr. Biggins, and their incomes are not less than £3500 per year. Mr. Weigall and Mr. Neighbour, who practice extensively in this court, the later being also the leader in the Divorce Court, earn in fees close on £3000 a year. Mr. Duffy and Mr. Bryant now lead the County Court, the latter also having a good common law practice, and their annual incomes amount to £2500 each. Mr. M'Arthnr is a coming junior in this court, and is making a fair income. Mr. Mitchell (sonof thelateSir W. F. Mitchell) has a good all round practice, and has an income of £2000 per annum. Mr. Goldsmith, who was some years ago one of onr best cricketers, and Mr. L>. Woolf, who also was a good exponent of that game, have a fairly large practice. Mr. Helm, Mr. B. W. Smith, Mr. Sbieb (not the M.L.A.), Mr. Agg, Mr. Coldham, Mr. Leon, Mr. Fink, Mr. Forlonge and Mr. Skinntr also get their fair share of briefs. O.s'K of the many outrages perpetrated by corporate capital, states an American paper, has been alluded to in the President's message. The freight cars on nearly all the railroads are for economical reasons so con structed as to require the brakesman personally to stand between the moving cars and couple them together with a pin. There are at the Patent office at ".e«3t 50 workable devices for automatic coupling starcely one of which involves an expenditure of more than 50 dollars on each car. Even the most profitable railroads, however, have declined to adopt even the cheapest of these devices, and the resnlt has been an average annnal list of casualties on the railroads of 2000 killed outright, and 20,000 wounded. The wounded find employment generally as keepers of railroad crossings or switch-tenders, and on all the principal roads no small percentage of the employees are men who have thns bsen mutilated in the com pany's service. The President now suggests fliat under the Inter-State Commerce Law, Congress has power to require the railroads to adopt some uniform pattern of car with effective safety appliances, and thns stop this constant sacrifice of human life. Per haj s the one passage in his message that no one has ft and fault with is that in which he says that it is a reproach to our civilisation that any class of American workmen should in the pnrsni: of a necessary and use ful vocation c-e subjected to a peril of life and limb as ereat as thas of a soldier- in time of war. Mb. Spefsht. r.n^ Chairman of she Victorian Bail way Commissioners, was questioned on the matter when he returned from his visit to the States. He said that he cad seen nothing so good as the - DCOi-sack he had introduced among the Victorian shunters. For the past three months I hare been enquiring at various railway stations, in town and country, about this -hooi-stfck," g-rid the only information I can get is that at least three men have been killed in the usual way between the cars they were coupling, and no man in the service knows anything about coupling or un cooolm— carriages except oy standing oetweeu tnem. He. Patton. manager of the Broken Hill Mine, is shortly leaving for America witn nis Tamily, and it is generally understood in -Adelaide that he -will not- re turn. and this jrumor, combined with the tightness of the Melbourne money market, is supposed to have caused the fall in the price of shares. However, the develooment of the mine is now so far advanced that it wonid require very bad management to do it mncb barm, and the underground manager, Mr. Harper, who will probably be left in charge, is a most experienced man, and has been so long with Mr. Patton, both in America and on the Barrier, that their methods must be almost identical. Accobdixg to a very cantionsly warded paragraph, written by a London correspondent on December 7, the reason of " Madame Midas's" mysterious disappear ance from commercial circles for so long has been a severe attack of typhoid fever, which laid her np for many weeks. Miss Cornwell, however, seems now fairly well, and bears but few traces of her illness. She was as energetic as ever, and indignantly dis claimed having abandoned the Adelaide Outer Harbour scheme, though she admits it has of course been seriously interrupted. Mia Cornwell says she will pay the deposit due to the Sonth Australian Govern ment during the present month. The Messrs. Aird's estimate for the cost of the works was £950,000, which with dotation charges, wonid bring the total np to £1,200,000. This Miss CornweH's advisers consider too large a sum to spend if the enterprise is to be profitable, and she is now engaged with the Messrs. Aird and Mr. James Abernethy, C.E„ trying to reduce the estimates to £750,000, so that the total, with dotation fees, should not exceed £950,000. On the subject of directors, Miss Cornwell was silent, and one should fancy this is still the crux of the venture. Miss Cornwell's Wyong Company has likewise been much retarded by her temporary inability to attend to busi ness. She has now, however, duly dxed up a board of not specially well known mercantile men, and will issue the prospectus forthwith. The British Austral asian business stands over till the "Wyong Company is doated. Miss Cornwell has permanently given up her honse in Kensington, and means to reside for the present at the Cannon-street Hotel. Theee are at present no fewer than four Stock Ex changes going in Sydney at the present time. The latest is a Night Exchange, which is held in King street, but does not seem to answer well, as it may be supposed that people who traffic in shares can do all they want within the ordinary business hours. The Stock Exchange of New South Wales is being piloted by Mr. "W. H. McKenzie, an old Melbourne man, who was formerly in the service of the Bank of Australasia, and axtewards manager for Messrs. Cornish and Bruce, the railway contractors. He is now a dourishing insurance agent in Bond-street, doing a larg e business. The Head Exchange is to inhabit the building now temporarily tenanted by the Union Bank- In its con stitution it has some novel features, and, amongst others, members paying three guineas are to be allowed to visit the Exchange and witness the transactions of the brokers. Severax important changes have taken p]ace recently in the administration of German New Guinea Tie office of the J-andesbanplmann of the German protectorate of the New Guinea Company has been abolished since November 1 last. Government Conn, c ill or Eose has been appointed Imperial Commissioner for the protectorate, and has taken over the charge of his office, including the administration of justice in the protectorate. The commercial management of the New Guinea Company has been handed over at the same time to the general manager, Mr. Arnold, at Finschhafen. ■ > Amoxg*the most prominent; of the Queensland con. |' tiogent to the Science Congress was Mr. John I, $ Woolcock, who although not an Australian by birth, is ' sufficiently a son of the great northern colony as to he regarded by keen observers as one of the coming men \ of Brisbane. Mr. "Woolcock was born in Cornwall in ; 1360, and is a son of the Beverend William Woolcock, a cleric well-beloved for his broad views and liberality of sympathy in all religious matters. Arriving in Australia in 1S65, Mr. John Woolcock received his education in Sydney, completing his studies at the Sydney -University, where he took the degree oi Bachelor of Arts. For six months he devoted him. self to teaching, hut a scholastic career not offering sufficient inducement to his ambitious tempera ment, it was abandoned in favour of a political life, and for five years Mr. Woolcock acted ai secretary to Sir Samuel Griffiths, in Brisbane. Baring this period he was also studying for the Bar, and after qualifying himself for that profession resigned his position as secretary and embarked heart and soul'on the more profitable and congenial career he had chosen. Being of a strong literary turn, he is well versed in the literature of the day, especially possessing a wide acquaintance with the more modern school of poetry. Gifted with an excellent memory, a rich sonorous voice, an easy command of language, a keenly critical and well-cultivated mind, and a good presence, he is a great favourite in Brisbane society, and those who know him best predict that he will one day make liis mark in the history of the colony. Up till now Air. Woolcock's best effort has been in connection with the " Bevision of the Queensland Statutes," a work of very considerable importance. Mr. Woolcock is a prominent member of the Johnsonian Club of Brisbane. Seventeen of the responsible members of the literaTV staff of the Argus, Australasian and Sketchrr entertained Mr. E. C. • MacKinnon, their general manager, at dinner at Scott's Hotel on Saturday evening, January IS, on the eve of that gentleman's departure for a European tour. There were present Mr. F. W. Haddon, editor of the Argus (in the chair); Mr. William Spowers (in the vice-chair) ; Mr. James Smith, dramatic critic of the A rgus; Mx. Howard Willonghby (Timotheus) ; Mr. David Wntterston, editor of the Australasian and Sketchsr ; Mr. F. Search, agricultural editor of the Australasian; Mr. T. Carrington, artist of Australasian and Sketcher ; Mr. C. Chapman ("Augursporting editor^ of the Australasian ; Mr. Frank Myers ('•'Telemachus") ; Mr. J. Jeukinsou, one of the sub-editors of the Jrgus ; Mr. James Larnbie, of the Argus editorial staff ; Mr. A. Topp, telegraphic editor ; Mr. E. S. Cunningham, chief of staff; and Messrs. G. Bell, H. Jowett and J. Thody. Seldom is such a galaxy of Argus luminaries gathered together for convivial purposes, and one is as tonished to discover that the speeches - as reported— showed no corresponding brilliancy j showed indeed nothing but the most vapid platitudes with a general handing round of compliments, reminding one of a mutual admiration society. One piece of news came forth at the meeting, , The Argtts finds it. necessary to go with the times, and is about to provide itself with premises calculated to impress people,, especially visitors, with a- suitable sense of the importance of that journal, The pornographic prints which aro now being sold to the youth of Melbourno, are evidently considered by the Government as the right class of reading for the Australian natives. I cannot find any other reason why the printers and the vendors o£ the filthy sheet should not be^pro^cuted. Judging from the vulvar language usedby' the disloyal Hotham branch of the Association, one would think that their literary pabulum consists of nothing"else but'gutter literature. The premature -publication of" the report of the Sanitary Commission in the. Age has again_raised the question where newspaper enterprise ends and petty larceny begins. Honor has disappeared long ago. The Argus is so virtuous in its comments that, like the Herald, it fails to see that its homily on the matter is a mere variation of the fable of the fox and the grapes. There'is "not a daily newspaper in Melbourno or any other city in the Australasian colonies that has not betrayed a confidence;- and will betray again, in order to obtain,an item in advance of its rivals. Who docs not recollect, during the Strong controversy how the Argus boasted of its power to report meetings of the Presbytery, the members of which had formally promised not to reveal the debate 1, And such breaches of honor are almost of daily-occurrence. Some year or two ago I recollect that the Argus, as well as tho Age and Telegraph, copied some documents which a government official declared he had inadvertently left on his table while he went to lunch, and which were hot intended for publication. I certainly do not in tend to defend the Age in this matter, but as the Vic torian Premier would say it is "too thin," for - the Herald and Argus to be censors of journalistic morals. One thing is certain, Dr. G. Syme, the secretary of the Sanitary Commission,, .although he is Mr. David Syme's nouhew, and owes his position to the iufluence of the Age newspaper, is far too honorable a man to have even connived at the abstraction of the document. The following from the, Sydney Daily Telegraph is sure to cause a flutter amongst Melbourne musicians : "Writing from Melbourne, a well-known M.D. and musical connoisseur of Sydney,, who had expected great things of the Victorian Orthestra, thus compares the two bands, and his remarks have weight as the deliverance of an amateur with a fine taste and judg ment in matters musical—I-have at last heard that celebrated Victorian Orchestra, the occasion a concert (the 46tli) iii honor of the Science Association. You will see that the programme, excepting Hail's ' Lenoro 1 symphony, Is hackneyed, although one of the papers incautiously wrote so as to suggest .that a'show per formance was intended for the benefit of strangers. Mr. Hamilton Clarke, their nowly-importod conductor from tho Haymavket Theatre, is a big heavy man of 85 years, with a' heavy moustache and cast-iron •masher' collar. He sauntered to. his seat with a languid air, and after a pause raisod his baton to •attention,' in Gowon's manner. 13ut no silonco followed ; and, indeed, the attontion paid him by his own mon was of f tho slightest . .throughout. The result was what one, would, have expected. Per haps two .or. three of the, dances from ,tho ,' Oid' ballet wont well, but the pizzicato was a go-as-you ploase, and as for tho other piocos, tho best they did was to plough through, them, steadily. Had I hoard tho • Lenoro' from,..thorn ; first, instead-; of: from, Hazon's orchestra, 1 should,not, have .been.half- as impressed by its woird boauty and imaginative power. Even, tho Tannhausor ovorture fell flat. The first violins are frightfully weak ; Liebo is a fine 'cello ; the horns so so ; trombones -and ,tuba not -in -it - with; ours; mon. Their allowing Hazon to ( leave thorn. was an extra ordinary mistake : by.,,whioh Sydney /will profit. A more striking; tribute to Hazon's, power - than a com; parison botwoon tho two orohostras could not bo imagined. To every impartial mind it must bo con vincing," . ' ■ ■ • -v;y< il-r.-t \a. iirtj ui1 : You oannot fool Mr. Henry Labouohere muoh. Hero is a bit of truth published by that gentloman on Decombor 12; which Australian sportsmen will not relish I seo that it is stated that the Australian two-year-olds " please" Matthew Dawson, There has been a groat deal-of elaborate noiso about those ani mals, and now that a bet of 5,000 to 800 has been taken about them, I am not surprised to read that " there is a general disposition to hack them at the price. In the interest, therefore, of the gullish herd it may be as well to, communicate the fact that the story of Matthew Dawson being " pleased " is mere slip-slop nonsense so far as practical business is concerned, for he knows absolutely nothing whatever about their capabilities, nor is he likely to be informed on the subject for the next five months at least. Their 'J form" must, be entirely taken upon trust, and it seems incredible that, under these circumstances, people can be such idiots as to back them in the face of such excellent public pei'formers and such promis ing animals as Le Nord, Heaume, Surcfoot, and Riviera; to say nothing of Right Away, llathbeal, Vermillion and others. One" of the best judges at Newmarket is of opinion that Narellan and Kirkham are a couple of "coach-horses," and that creatures with such action will have no cliancc at Epsom, ho wever smart they might be over courses more suitable to them—such, for example, as Ascot or Doncaster. Mr. Gorlett seems to be rather infatuated with the Australians, but I confess my utter inability to descry in his remarks anything that is in the least degree relevant to the quostton of their Derby chance, and it would be paying his analogy between the Australian cricketers and the Australian horses an extravagant compliment if one defined it as sophistical." Severatj of the fine houses at Mount Lofty have had a narrow escape from a: terrific bush-fire, which raged for several days. The' Hon. S. Tomlcinson's house was only saved by the energy and pluck with which he and his family, ladies and all, turned out and beat down the flames with boughs, after it had burnt through even the garden fence, which is close to the house itself. During- the present hot months of the year there is not much doing in Sydney social circles. Lord Car rington is away in New Zealand, and Lady Oarrington is with her family at Sutton Forests, her mountain home. The veteran Sir Alfred Stephen reigns as Lieut.-Governor, and bears his 87 years of life wonder fully well. There was a fashionable gathering last week on the occasion of the marriage of a daughter of Mr. C. J. Roberts, C.M.G., late Postmaster- General. Mr. Roberts has a charming house at Potts1 Point called " Ghatsworth," and is lavish of his hospitality. The year of his Mayoralty is well remembered for this reason. . , . The Hotel Motropole, as the Australian Palace Company have' designated their now and handsome building in Sydney! is a sacred feature in the stroot architecture of tlio city, and as an hotel is likely to receive a very'large proportion of the public patronage. The structure is nicely situated, and is elegantly furnished and generally well kept. If properly managed, there is ovoi'y reason to believe that the hotel business will provo highly remunerative, as the experiments of the Central GofEee Palace in Clarence street has more than fulfilled expectations. The cheap trips to'Tasmania have drawn a groat nany people from Sydney to the little island, and it ins made a good deal of difference to somo of tho lotels' inthe mountain regions;' Hitherto tho Rluo VIountain resorts have been largely visitod in the lottest of tlio summer 'months by persons from all the jolonies. This year the exodus 'has boon to Tasmania. The will of the late Sir William Stawoll was written i a small pleco of noto paper, and his lato oollpage, r. Justice Kovford, seems to have boon of the same >inion, that it is not necessary to draw up any oum irsome documents in tho legal manner in which soli tors dolight, Mr. Justice Korford's will is in his own indwriting on a small picco of unruled blue paper, id was executod on Novomber 6,1882, in tho presence Mr. J. B. Box, bavrister-at-law," who was the late idge1s collaboratour in the woll-known legal work, Digest of Victorian Law Oases," and His Honor Judge Ghomley, who was then Mr. A. W. Cliomley, Crown Prosecutor. ' By this'will Kis wife, Ann Kerferd, and the Trustees'1 Company. aTO appointed trustees .and executors. ' He' erapowers ' tliem to call in his estate, and after realisation to pay the income arising there from to his widow during her life and widowhood. On her death or second marriage the trustees are to use tho income for the maintenance and education of his child-, ren until the youngest child reaches the age of 25 years of age, when the estate is to be divided equally amongst, them. As I mentioned in the issue of Table Talk of January 10, the deceased's estate will be sworn at nearly £10,000. • * ■ * s i .J"1-' *' * /. The Hon James Garden llamsay, who met his death by a fearful accident in a railway carriage on the North Lino, on Friday last, was for many years a pro minent politician in South Australia. Ho was born in Edinburgh in 1829, and served his apprenticeship as an engineer in Glasgow, and came to South Australia in 1852,i .where, after a few years, he established in Mount Barker and Adelaide extensive implement and machincfactorics. After doing good service as a councillor and member of tho school-board for Mount Barker, he entered Parliament in 1870 for the, "same district. In 1878 he went as a Commissioner to the Paris Exhibition."''-Returning to South Australia in 1880, he entered the Legislative Council, and continued to hold a scat till his death, holding office several times. He was* twice married, his second wife, who survives him, being a daughter of Mr. Horwood, of Sandhurst, Victoria. Though what is called a self made man, Mr. Ramsay was a man of some culture and good education, and he hadgreatly—-endeared himself to all with whom ho ca'mV in ^ohtalcf/^^ltis gentle and courteous manners^ * .u-; so Dr. Mackay, who has been for.,many, years a mem; ber of the council of the Melbourne University, and a lawyer hold in high esteem by his legal brethren for his great knowledge, especially in abstruse and black letter law, died at his residence, St. Kilda, on Satur day last, January 18. He had been a sufferer for many years, and was always carefully attended by his brother-in- law, Dr. John Singleton, the well-known philanthropist. Dr. Mackay was born in Dublin in 1810, and was thus 71 years of age. In 1882 he lost both his parents in one night from cholera, its first visitation of the British Isles. He studied at Trinity Oolloge, Dublin, where he took the M.A. degreo. .He was admitted to the Irish Bar in 1818,. and in 1855 he came to Victoria, and was admitted to the. Bar bore. He was elected a mombor for... North Glppsland in 1861, but resigned his seat in 1801, Dr. Mackay was a Domosthones-like example of victory over natural defects. Tic was rather deaf, and had a slight.impedi ment in his speech, yet ho had formerly a very largo practice, and was for at least 20 yoars a very successful barrister. , v - ■. The Roman Catholic Churah in Victoria has sus tained a great loss in tho cloatli of tho Right ltev, John Fitzpatrick, D.D., V.G-., who died on Tuesday, January, 21\. Dr. Fitzpatrick was tho oldost Roman Catholle priest in tho colonics, having boon born in Dublin in 1810\. Ho studied for the priesthood at Carlow College. From thonco ho passed to Maynooth College. In 1887 tho late Bishop Ullathorno roturnod from five yoarsi labor as a missionary priest in Now South Walos, and going to Iroland in search of more' laborers- for tho vineyard, ho succeeded in onlisting tho sorvioes of Father Fitzpatrick and six other young and enthusias tic mon. Dr. Fitzpatrick has novor loft tho,v colonies since that date. "When Molbourno was created into an Arohbishopria he camo from Now South Wales with Dr. Gould, the late Archbishop as .vicar- genoral. In tho interval between tho dsath of Dr. Gould and tho appointment of 'Dr. Oarr, Dr. Fitzgerald administered tho diocese. For his lifotimo of eminent sorvloos to tho ohuroh, the Popo oroatod him a Papal Chamberlain with tho i title of Monsignor,: but; Dr. Fitzpatrick's humility was such that ho) woul l i novor use the tRle nor allow himself to bo addressed by, it. ■ Dr, Fitz patriok had a great knowledge of architecture and muolv aete in art. To him tho Catholics of Molbourno are iadebead for she Cathedral of St. Patrick —kick crow the Eastern. wsn Hie designs fee tie sri-~ "were adopted by mtr. and .it lis owing ro urs great nezsonsl eusnious that tee Gnfi-aTUg fcas advanced as far as it ess. grr.4 rhaz wiihour a penny ot debt, be- whole personal income befr?g devoted to tee burMing feed- xfcr. Fitzpa.trick also has been coeselted about toe erection Gf eearij every church. college or school belonging to tee denomination in tee colony tor t4»*» last forty year?, and in rhe capacity of architectural adviser alone be will be much missed- Rr. Frtzpatnck "H-ag' been a-fttrg- tor some t"rr--_ and bis last peblic aopearanee was ha October last, at a meeting' in favour of the establishment of tee Sisters of Chartry in Mei ootrns. be caving helped the establishment of the order in Sydney more than fifty years before. lytrmvg sterling and steadfast Australian pioneer feg pg.=sg.-f away in tbe person of Mr. George Robert son, of Warrock. Casterton- whose name was honorably known far and wide, although its owner bad always cnosen to live a cuiet and retired life rather than seek for public honors or approbation- Mr. George Robert son. who was a native of Dundee, Scotland, lanced in Tasmania in 1343. being then about 2-5 years of age. . After a stay of a year or two there he came to Victoria with his brother. Mr. John Robertson, who took up the Wanda Vale "Estate. Mr. George Robertson lived for some time at Nangeela, till he acquired, in 1845, by purchase from the late Mr. Robert Savage, the War- rock estate, where he has resided ever since. Mr. Robertson, a few years ago, added 2000 acres to the original estate, and it now comprises over 14,000 acres of the finest land in the Casterton district, or probably in Victoria, quite unencumbered, and carrying over 18,000 sheep. Mr. Robertson was married in 1853. but there was no family. Mrs. Robertson died about three years ago, and the nearest surviving kin are — Miss Knox, a niece who kept house for him, and Mr. G. B. Patterson, of Caupaul. Mr. Robertson and Sir James McBain. President of the Legislative Council, were old and fast friends. Mr. Robertson was noted for his liberality in church matters : Church of Eng land. Wesley an, Presb;-terian and Catholic alike shared in his bounty, and it was the same in matter.. of charity, while, though keeping far aloof from the turmoil of the political arena, Mr. Robertson was any thing but lacking in public spirit. He founded the Casterton Mechanic^ Institute and held the office of president up to the time of his death, and several other district mechanics institutes shared in his bounty. The Hamilton Hospital received his cordial and con tinuous support, and the prize funds of the Hamilton public schools have long profited by his liberality. Mr. Robertson was formerly a member of the Glenelg Shire Council, and has freqnently refused to accept the commission of the peace, jocularly remarking that he might break the law himself. Mr. Robertson had been an invalid for some time, but was only actually confined to bed for the last three or four days of his life. Death took place on January 15. The Rev. Thomas R. Fischer, of Cotswold House Lincoln-road, Christ Church, New Zealand, hi* just died at the advanced age of S3. Mr. Fischer was bora in Winchcombe, Gloucestershire, in 1306, his family being an offshoot of an old Warwickshire family. From his mother, a daughter of the Rev. Joseph Hill, he in herited Nonconformist principles, and was ordained a minister of the Wesleyan Church in 1S32. Mr. Fische1 arrived in Wellington in 1337, but not liking the town moved on to Christ Church. Possessing a considerable sum of money, he turned it to such good account in commercial speculations that in 1S71 he was able to retire. Mr. Fischer had the unique experience of hav ing conversed with six generations progenitors and descendants - of his family. .He leaves thirty six descendants, four children, twenty seven grand children and five great grandchildren. • ■ ■ m m Miss Fanny E. Hnnt has the honour oi being the only lady in New Sonth Wales who has taken the degree of Bachdor of Science at the Sydney Univer sity, and her appearance at the recent science congress wss naturally a natter for congratulation. among the Sydney contingent of members. Miss Hunt is the daughter of Mm Edwtn Hurt, of Sydney. and. Bke her father. has adopted a teacher's fife. Miss Hunt was toem in England, im lid?, and did not arrive in Australia sill 1-SSO. Possessing a high order of intellect, z.r~A 12 fUfmfcable capacity for acquiring scientific 1 knowledge. this young lacy never allows her erudition to become nrpleasas t ly evxdec.t. and; on the contrary, i has she happy faculty of attracting everybody towards : her by her sweetness and amiability. - Sydney's girl ! bachelor." as she bis been amectionatelv called, is in fact a very pretty yoerr ladv. with large dark, liquid eves, that nsht up wonderfully as she becomes interested, in the subject under discussion. She also maggw a strong mescal taste, her ravounte composer being Chooin. Mb. T. B. Weldon, the Inspector c-£ Police in Dunedfr, has been requested to send in. his resignation, as the deoarizrent are reducing the number or officers in accordance with the new by-law. As a solatium he is to be allowed three months" leave of absence on roll pay. Dunedin residents consider this verv hard, as Mr. Weldon has faithfully served the colony for the last twenty- eight years. Mr. Weldon will be remem bered in Victoria, where he arrived in 1S52, and entered the police force as a cadet. Later on he smelt fire in the Ballarat riots. In 3S62 he settled in Otago, where he has remained ever since. Misfortunes : have not come singly to him, as just .before hearing of his own compulsory retirement, he received a letter announcing the death of his brother, the Eev. G. W. Weldoa. if.A., of Blckley, a snbnrb 9 miles from London. Mb. Alexander McMillan, of E-denhope, who died on Snnday. January 12, had taken a very active part in local politics during the past 20 years. He was well-known as a forcible and sensible speaker, and was a man of undoubted integrity and great indepen dence of character. Marrr Happt Bettjbxs or thz Dai. Ox Friday, January 24 :—To Alderman James Cooper Stewart, J.P„ solicitor, born 1336. To Mr. Ifalcalm Alexander Campbell, born 1350. To the Bev. David Hunter Ballantyne. To Dr. Archibald Black. To Mr. David Dickenson j tVheeler (Honiara). To Mr. Prank Smith, i To Mr. James E. Moore. To Mrs. W. Martin, Pleasant-street, Geelong, born 1S19 in Kent, England, and a colonist of 35 years. Ox Saturday, January 25 :—To Mr. Justice Edward DnncLas Holroyd, of the Supreme Court of . Victoria, born 3323. To Mr. James Stimpson Hall, J.P. (Benalla), bom at Melbourne 1S41. To Mr. William Murray Boss, J.P. Ox Sunday, January 26 : To Mr. George William Frederick Grylls, solicitor, born 1832. To the Bev. John Edward Herring. Bnral Dean (Kyne* ton), born 1S35. To Mr. Henry Kyan, J.P., born IS50. To Mr. Henry Foster (Omeo), bora 2S49. To Dr. Wilbur Knibloe Bon ton. bora 1356. Ox Monday, January 27 :—To the Bev. Samuel T. Withington (Sandhurst), born 1343. To the Bev. George yickells Bishop, born 1S54. To Mr. Henry George Amor (Mansfield), bora 1S61. To Mr. J. BandaH Mann, J.P., A.M. Inst., C.E. Ox Tuesday, Jannary 2S To Dr. William Haig, J.P„ born 1S23, To Mr. Henry Cornell, born 1833\. To Mr. Philip Pitt Mind (Warragvi Guardian) born 1S4S. To the Bev. John Fran cis Stretch, B.A., LL.B. (Vicar St. Marks", Fitzroy.) Ox Wednesday, January 29:-To Mr. John Henry Jackson, J.P. (Sandford) bora 1329. To the Bev. Walter Woodrofile Mantell, bora 1S41. To Mr. F. H. Co wen, bora Jamaica, 1352. To Mr. Joseph -Pfieger, bora Vienna, 1360.... To Mr. Lambert, artist. Ox Thursday, January 40 To Mr. Henry Keylock Ea3den, born 1339. Bosinru. 