"Camperdown Chronicle." PUBLISHED Tuesday,Thursday,and Saturday. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 1, 1890. CURRENT TOPICS. Tun Railway Commissioners, accom panied by n number of subordinate i.fticers, passed through Campcrdown by special train on Monday afternoon. They temaiocd for 15 minutes at tho Iocs! railway station, and were interviewed on various matters by n deputation from tho Camperdown "Ratepayer*' nnd Kesidonta' Union, comprising Messrs. J. 11. Robinson (president), John Walls, and A. Henderson (secretary). Tha deputa tion was introduced by Mr. W. Q. Uion, who, with Mo*ars. Forrest, Buttcrly and Murphy, Ms.L.A., was on boaid tho train. Tho party remained at Terang on Thursday night, and yesterday they wee occupied in soing over the lines to Mortlake, Warrnambool, and Port Fairy. Thoy will return to Mclbourno to-night. The chairman of tho Railway Com miaainuc.a fs^s I ss»ntlss ••■miss, in for Somo hard knocks from the press in connection with his reception of deputations. Aa far as tho Western District is concernod, how ever, there is on all sides a feeling that Mr. Speight is a man of singular ability, and he is invariably courteous in his de meanour towards tho, public Thero was no beating about thu bush in his replies to tho deputation which intcrricwod him at Campcrdown on Thursday sflernoon, and that he has a thorough grasp of the wholo of the business connected with the man agement of railways was at once mado apparent to the delegates. Tho opinion was expreasod thst the salary paid for his services was by no tueana too high, thoujih many of bis detractors would havo peoplo beliero otherwise. There was a very Icrge audience gathered within tbo Mechanics' Hall on Monday night on tho ooauion of tho revival of " Federation." Miss Marion Llewelyn, Mrs. Renwick, Mr. Woolcock, Mr. 0. M'Arthur, and tin other princi pals acquitted themsolves ncost creditably, and tho opera, went very smoothly. The orchestral performances wcro greatly ad mired. A DISASTROUS fire occurred at Laurenny Park, Mr. J. N. McArthur's estate, on Monday last, by which 3,000 acres of grass were burnt. We have as yet had no particulars as to the origin of the fire, or whether any other damage was done. TnE annual distribution of prizes in connection with the Csnpcrdown Slate school took phce yestersiay afternoon in tho Mechanics' Hall. There was a larue attendance of youngiten, together with a sprinkling of teachers, ptrcnts md friend*. Tbe ptizes woro given to tho successful scholars by Mr. John Walls, J.P. Tho tree-guards in Pike stroet ate much too narrow, and tie high winds ex pcrioncod this week tare had tho effect of damaging tho bark en a number of trees. Immediate steps should bo taken to protect tho trees from dang>-r, and, if necessary, to erect wider guards around them. Tub neighbouring towns of Camper down and Terang seemed likely to c .me into conflict nver the q.iestion ..f railway refreshment, rooms. Mr. Speight, h-.w -ever, baa settled tbe impending difficulty by stating that no new refreshment rooms will be provided until after the complete establishment of the new train icrriee no tho Rasslisnir and Warrnambool railway line. Tbo Commissioners will then be in a position to judgo ss to the public requirements, which are held to be paramount, and will decido accordingly. A lad named Walter Paisley, son »f a well-known local contractor, experienced a wonderfully narrow escape from a fearful doalb on Thursday. He was driving one of his fathoi's drays along Anson'a lauo, South Purrumbcte, when a tree which bsd been left on tbe chain road, was blown down by tho high wind prevailing at the time, and fell across both horse and dray. The dray was literally broken into fragmonta, and tbe pieces were subsequently placed in another dray for removal into Camperdown. The horso was seriously injured, and could not be re moved. The lad was sitting on tho front of the dray, but he escaped with nothing worso than a shaking and a serero shock to the system. Mr. Paialoy was so-.n on the spot himself and with the assistance of soma persons passing at tha time tbe branches of the fallen treo were removed from the broken dray. Those present express astonishment at the boy's miraculous escape in view of tho damage done to the dray and tho injury to the horse in the shafts. The tree was a dangerous one and was left on a road which is said to have been cleared. It is Mr. Paisleys intontiou to bring his loss under tbe notice of the Uampdenshiro council at next meeting. The existence of sly grog shanties at the encampments along ths Curdie'a River railway line was suspected, and, from recent developments, not without cause. The second case came before the local police court oo Thursday when Henry Smith was charged with tho offence. Defendant's whereabouts was unknown, and the excise officer, Mr. Kilfedder, had advertised substituted service, which the court accepted. After hearing the necea sary evidence a fine of £25 was inflicted, with £3 3s coats. Tho beer, Sic, seized by the police, were ordered to be con fiscated. A strict watch should bo kept at the various encampments as others will no doubt be found to commence the sale of liquor without a license. THE fire which did so much damage on Thursday, January 9, on Terrinallum and the adjoining estates, formed the subject of a police court inquiry at Camperdown on Thursday. A coloured man named James Greyson, by whose act the fire is alleged to have originated, was charged by Superintendent Toohey with the careless use of fire. The evidence showed that defendant lit a fire on the day in question and that it got away from him, causing immense damage to property. In his evidence Mr. T. Bailey, manager of Terrinallum, stated that upwards of 14,000 acres of grass was destroyed on Terrinallum and the adjoining estates. It was also stated that if rain had not fallen a wide area of country would have been devastated. The defence was that every precaution had been taken to guard against the fire. The Bench strongly condemned the practice of lighting fires in the open air in midsummer, and especially when there is a hot wind prevailing. Defendant was fined £10 and costs. AN extensive bush fire broke out on Thursday morning at Jancourt, in the forest paddocks. It spread thence to the selections of Mrs. Nehill,, Messrs. P. Nehill, Mose, and Curdie, and finished in another forest paddock on Jancourt. About a mile and a half of rabbit proof fencing was burnt in addition to the grass that was destroyed. The station employes at Jancourt and Tandarook, and the neighbouring selections worked most [illegible] to control the fire. BETWEEN 7 and 8 o'clock last night a fire broke out on the plains north of Cam- perdown. A high easterly wind was pre- vailing at the time, which carried the flames forward with almost lightning rapidity, until an immense area of country was devastated, extending from west of the Camperdown to Lismore road on the east, to the Cloven Hills on the west, and north apparently as far as the eye could see. There was a great difference of opinion as to the locality from which the fire started, and the direction it took. According to some it seemed to start from about the Sweet Creek, and sweeping thence across Koort Koortnong, the East and West Cloven Hills were soon wrapped in flames. This opinion was borne out to some extent by the statement of a young man who rode into Camperdown late last night, and had seen the fire in its earlier stages. Viewed from Camperdown between 8 and 9 o'clock, the fire seemed to have covered a wide area, embracing the Cloven Hills and Mount Elephant, with a length of from 20 to 30 miles. It will probably be found that a number of estates have been overrun by the fire to some extent, and that it has been the most disastrous in this district for a number of years. The reports to hand state that all the hands employed on the stations in the locality had been gathered together in order to subdue the fire. At 10 o'clock the fire seemed to have been got well in hand. The glare attracted the attention of the majority of townspeople, and every available eminence was occupied to watch the progress of the flames. It was rumored in Camperdown last night that the fire had devastated portions of Lara, Koort Koortnong, West Cloven Hills, Poligolet, and some smaller hold- ings. Full particulars will be eagerly awaited to-day. The annual race meeting of the Geo!'ins Racing Club was hold yesterday ou Ilia course at MarsbalUosvn. Tho gathering was a very ottractivo one. and there was a satisfactory attendants of tlie public. The following results were wired to ns yesterday evening :—Handicap Hurdle Itace— Mr. J. O. Irialii', Ulysses, 1; Mr. U. B, Bell's Shanks, 2; Mr. W. U Wilson's Slutrgard, 3. Sires' Produce Stakes—Sir. J. Wilson's, jun.. Magic Circle, 1; Mr. E. H. Austin's Enuc, 2 ; Sir. James Wilson's Dishcloth, 3. Gee long Gold Cup—Messrs. Husband aud Nicholl's Britannia, 1; Jlr. D. S. Wallace's Oakleigh, 2 ; Mr. M. P. Whitty's Little lionjainin, 3. Mr. M. F. Xoylon's Eman cipation finished fourth. Thoro were 14 starters for the Cup. Housekeepers havo been much in convenienced during the hot weather in consequence of the scarcity of fresh butter. That necessary accompaniment of the table cannot be obtained for money. It seems that producers are sending all the butter they can make into the lanre markets, and aro ignoring a more profit able market at their doors. Tlio market H no doubt n small one, but it is strange tli.it there should be such a dearth of good butter. Fresh lifo seems tn have been infused into the Camperdown detachment of the Salvation Army. Lavt night a well attended tea aud public meeting tool; place at tho barracks as a farewell demonstration to Major Lindsay, trans ferred. Tho Major and Mrs. Lindsay, Capbin and Mrs. Hammond, and others, were present, in addition to tho local oflicnrs, and a lively meeting ensued. After tea an excellent band paraded the town and discoursed some lively music. Tho following was a large one, showing that tho strength of the Army is increas ing in ibis district. Tlie new Public liiaUb Ant comes into tores to-diy. The par-folio of Minister rf Pob'.io Health has been bjitow.d upoo Mr. D,»kiii. Ism.liii^ matter, coirc»,n.nilri>ce, and seven! local i angraphs are crowded out. Me»sr«. Sl'Crae and Fullirton are adver tising for bullock or horse ttaou to cart timber from " Gtastlrtc " sawmill. Mr. F.J.Tliwaiten,dentist. Warrnambool, will visit Cainpenlowu nnd district on the dates nam d in his aivertisimint. " A Mother " writing iv Thursday's Aryus recommends the erection of shelter sheds for children in .Slats schi.ol playgrounds. We have received the current number of the Australian Journal. It contains the usnal amou.it of interesting naling matter. Tha following Irndcr was accepted by the Beard of Land aud Works on Thursday : Gew fitt: nX», ccurtbouse, Colac, W, J, P*r lett £130. Attention is drawn to the announcemunt in onr advertising columns with regard to the date of Mr. Tayler's, dentist, visit to Cam[ierdown and dutrict. Attention is drawn to the important ssle of household furniture, kc, to be held at 2 o'clock this afternison on tbe premises, Cobden, by Mr. F.J. Clarke, auctioneer. Tbo intercolonial cricket match, New South Wales v. Victoria, was concluded on Thursday, and reanlted in a victory for the New South Wales team by 4 wickets'and one ran. Tbe adjourned monthly meeting of the Hampden and Heytesbury Horticultural .Society, will be held at 3 o'clock this afternoon in tha ante .room of the Temperance Uall. Mr. J. If. Connor, M.L.C., shipped on Thursday allernoon, hy tbe K. M. 8. Lo«i taoia, far London. 5S packagrs of onions, 36 packages of potatoes, sod 16 packages of parsnips and carrots. Services will be held at tbe osoal hours in tba Camperdown Presbyterisn Choreh to morrow. Tbe special Sabbath school servicer, are postponed till the first Sabbath in March. The Bible Christian Church services to morrow will be held as follow :—Rev. T. J. Cory will preaob at Camperdown at 11 and 7, and Pomboroeit ai 3: morning subject, "Safety and Certainty;" evening, "Mercy snd Misery in contact." .Mr. MD nsl.l, Evangelist, will preach at KoortxnooljDg at 11, aod Cobden at 3 and 7. 