A MELBOURNE journal publishes a state, ment which is well worth consideration at the hands of the many people who put money into sweeps on horse races. The statement runs as follows i— '•The first prizes in three out of four of —— 1 's sweeps drawn in Sydney fell to Vic* toria. Tberbiggest taut of £27,000 mz yrpn by Mr."-—, but out of this total sum onethird, or £9000, had to be laid off to the owner st £9000 to n'othipg. Similarly the winners of all the other sweeps have to lay off onethird. otherwise the horse, owners, would scratcii1iiei^h6ici^,^(>4h*tt- ! the towfiet •« the Melbourne Cap winner mnBt make a very oretty thing oat of these sweeps. j£20,OOG-at With the last sentence in this paragraph everybody will agree.' It is of coarse better than . to .get nothing at all; bnt this soij of reasoning will scarcely satisfy people who in ,enteripg ^.^speculation of this kind expect, if successful ln dkwing a winner, to get the prfce advertised, less the 10 per cent, commission. In the sweep value prize^waiT presumedly £80,t)00rahc[ the ticket- holder thus virtually accepted abet of ^27,000 to £1 that "ie would not be the lucky man among 80,000 ticket' holders. Bp iie nice little^ fcirangement above-mentioned, however, the odds are reduced by one-third, and the snceessful man, though the chances against his success are id nfa wise teif&ced;, is mulcted ^f a large proportion of his legitimate gains. It goes without saying that'in no other speculation would Ais system of imposition be tolerated, and "we "fete unable tb see -why it should be permitted .in a fairly conducted lottery. It may be said that the promoters arfffcoi responsible fpr .the idem^s A>f horaeowners, but the question then arising formation as to thie drawers given horses?" In many oases no doubt the ticket ^holders themselves may publish their good luck ip having drawn favorites, but this wih not folly acdorfnt'Voftiie vary regular and systematic fashion is which people who have drawn .probable winners are favored with imperative demands for (jho|e;i>tai8anti little pagers ^I' jBb many tliousahd pouladS to laothilig; 1 It' is time for an alteration in the interests of fair play. However desirable it may be that the sweeps should be put down altogether, §ractica|le|anfiif^B toeaitime It not be «* b^d. thing to ootainfa befcfer Issurance of their being equitably conducted. According to a statement recently publishe^, the owners of land required for the Oorowa railway have not in all cases accepted the proposal of the present Mioivtgfrj|o iiubmit their j^omd to Arbitration. Borne of tike owners, it appears, are very what we bavf bw» aWeko^athef-on abject thiS vie^^ of the natter Is' a en oue, and acceptance of the inister's proposal is the best, and indeed megjbd of ^pi^g at a s^tfact^y ari^wnen^ is PC ^ifoa 5 tk*kweve will involve any aerious , expenditure. Fears on this account have no doubt arisen from the fact that when in tfe laW cpurts, or ip compiercial iran8action8, any dispute 868 are is^ferwd^to arbitration the exr*® dsuaily large. There is, iowever, a great difference between the expense of dealing with a ease singly and of dealing with a case that only forms one of many, the , merits OfLwhieh have to Be decided at the same time and by the same Arbitrators. In the,pr£sent inetaiice^ll the claims will be dealt with at the one sitting of probably a few days duration. The'costs in any event will consist 'iherely of tihe fees- of ^he arbitrators and the expenses of the Government. Vjaluatora; and these amoSglti the varioue claimant. . Most' likely several cases will be disposed of each day, so.Jtbat the jndiyidual outlay canDot: well be "large. "The claimants will also enjoy the advantage of having in the position of arbitrators v ineii of businese who'-ttay 4» expected to take a commonsense and equitable view of the whole afiiSf «ai& / $o do ju^ic^ btitwoenihe. parties. No fairer proposal than this eonld well be sabniUted, and 'It seems to ub that the claimants would make a serious mistake if-^^faUed to accbpk terms inoire liberal than jbjiey. we: ^k«ly to obWn from any other Government. Aooordinq to an article published in the North Amerfcciti lieviiw^ioyi-Xhppen .of a man who"£aslp person tested the^ remedy, cure '16'r ^ipflomama,"^md has practicaUy demonstrated "tbo ^act by a per. eeUta^ei ^f snooess in many'ih^nafedil ~6f cas^ trM^ihat places the efficacy of tyft remedy beyohd the ihadSw ; of a doubt. Assunu,pg , r^ha truth oif the' statement put. before the public—and save that it 4ppqsrg~ almost 4pp~ good to, be tru^, Bee /ifo reason ' "to questaon its i-siecqraej^tiie discovery is assuredly the tacmt'^valuable df the present century^ The theory that the thirst madnessisjeally a physiologists-; andithe. circumstances connected .with the ruin of many truly intellec- tual -TBtid noble natures go to confirm the belief that | in a gi^ren nnmber of perio&s; be drank^idsif 'they bnt once^get the taste of :liquj^/; tt^s indeed is%e^nain argiament in favor \>f total Vbstinence and of prohibitive legislation. however, the persons subject to thist terrible affliction tfte l^c^'but.a sm^l in^rit^ and as people ' generally at! not yet sufficitl^lyphslJfel^Jt^ deprive jhemselves of what they consider a reasonable indulgence in order to benefit a spall minority, prohibitive legislation and universal ablikely to i>e realised in a-xtea^vfatoxe.. ^ Ail %he more nedesf^ry snfifi-'of jthe vietims to di^omanfo^aa really ^wg',for and the xnan w^bo Jias JaiBtHtyeted a^ireaiiy e&eotiuil; xemed|r for pis f^htful disease deserves the thanks of the whole civilised world. ToCohhespobdbnts.—" A.E.B."—No. Ta« Bivibb;—The Murray yesterday was 6ft. 8tn. orer summet level and falling. ' Hoke Farmers' Union.—The quarterly meeting this body will be held on 5th DeQemberat Buntumbnttock at 2 p.m. COMMISIONKE FOR AFFIDAVITS.—Mr. Ed- Ward Wilson, of Oorowa,- has been appoitited wmmissioner for taking affidavits in the J^m^Adviob.—Mr. John lI'Donald faMii^ appointed-otember of the IwartTof ridinRi el tbi YMlwndanartaWts, - . PHESBrTKKDUSi—The Bev. J. vD.vpanBelfl, jolt Mabo,- New^Hebrides, missionary' of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, will-preach-at Stl David'scn Sunday evening. Thb' BodJid HniL Wool,.—A. slight error having occurred in the report published of the prices obtained 4or the Bound Hill wool, we append the following corrected statepent 170 'ialea l«t 4bmblt% M 12i., OT Woond coia^inl^l^d.j47$ales^itd combin|at lid., S2JjttMairOken at- Sd.^l bales first Jftittba at I If - These are^id to ie ihe Ugt^rprices for Biveripa wool obtained this year. Machine Shearing.—The shearing at Pullltop was finished a few u days since, a board of 48 shearers getting through 100,000 sheep to the complete satisfaction ot tha^omrseer. ii ^ridenfee of thokdvintage of. machine shearing, it may be mentioned tbat^one <inati got through nine sheep in 19aia. 43iec., and another shore six sheep in 12min 24^ec. Amongst other men who made big tallies, four shearers shore 165 each in a day. -Troant Officer.—Mr. Williaqi Ttiylor has been appointed to summon parents In'the following districts, viz.;—In the borough of RutbertjTen, No. 47 ; shire of Butherglen, No. 233-; Batnawsrtha riding of,the ebire -of Yackandatidah','No. 567 ; ^iewa' and Yackandandah ridings of the shire of Tackandandah, No. 269; shire of Wodonga, No. 268; shire of Chiltern, No.'278'; Mitta &itti; riding of the shire of Towong, No. 307 ; Koetong riding of the shire of Towong, No. 308; Murray riding of the shire of Towong, No. 309.: > ; Claim forW^seb.—Peter Mullfer proceeded against Paul Bohrl&ch; in the local police eouft, before Mr. T. A Browne, P.M., on Tuesday morning last, for the xecovery of £2 24.6d„ work and labor done. The amount was disputed, and Mr. Wilkinson appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. B. Fowler (Emerson and Fowler) for the defendant. The plairitiff said the mopey was owing fcrhim for-Work he had done for Bohrl&ch; as a blacksmith. The Bench held that the defence . was insufficient, and;ga^ a veirdtetfior the : Mtfiioitti of witnesses, court, and professional costs. The Wodqnga Cab Skrwce.—In the local police court On Tuesday morniiig the inspector of nuisances, Mr. G. S. Dulley, proceeded against two_Wbdpn^a cab' ^rpprietors, named Thomas H. Edirtirds i^d Thomas Burn, for breaches of. the bproqgh by.-la The-r^ withdut a licebse, In thefirst case thiimenc was alleged to have been committed on November,J4th. and- the, inspector proved the chs/ge. VA finefcf20s. wtth'posts yeb inflicted. In'the case of Thomas Bhrn a 'plea' of guilty _ Jusio iKf iraa QAfibBKB^—T'he lollogingls tlfe in the Botanic Oaide'osoaiiext Taesdsy night, commencing , at 8^dt»k :=rQaiclT j^ep, " Sandhurst, w Butch j , wajtz, Avalanche/* Pogson ; fantasia on Shield's celebrated song " The Wolf," Bound; quadrille, « La! Cirque Royal," Blute; waltz,^ Ding Dong," Barker ; selection, " II Ba^iere," Bossini ; waltz, " Sonoenschein nnd:Sohatten," Keller. There will no doubt be a large attendance in tUe gardens on the above date, as this is the opening night of the band's second annual season of summer evening concerts. • ' • '. MORE Bush Fires.;—Oflii ATerllderle ton. temporary leports :—" Ana^et the outbreak of another large bush'fire has to be recorded. On Wednesday afternoon at 2 p.m. dense smoke was Aeen to rise oVer the timber beyopd Burchett's swianro. 'in a^BonthBfly direction from heip. JTheTrind wasblbMbg from the eaBt and notith-etet, and the fere!wa^ rapjdly being carried jdong in * w^st- north-we/t direction towa'rils Hartwood. It ; seemed to burn fiercely all the afternoon. till dark/and muBthave traversed a large area. The showera that night would chfepk it, sbdiaiiLe it eMier work fortbemento estinguishiu" Bivebina Water Supply.—In the (Legislative Assembly on the lBvh^nst. eeverel bettinent questions on Uie aboVe sufiject vrire asked by one of the members for the Murrumbidgee. Beplylcg W Mr.'QornJly the Ministrr for Mines «aid, fresh-tender* wonld 'be invited this week for works toconsMve waterin Lake Cudgellico; and that steps would be taken to construct a weir In the Lsohlatittivet atHillstoitas aoonisthe state.bf tteiiw wouldSpfermit. In answer "to another quesibnlrom^he smm. member, fe Minuter otWqrks«aidMi officer had been, sent tp tuake . the nece^ary surveys in «»nn«(ition wlth.a wiater enpply lor Janee. .. . ; Amuhv LicBssnsa'CouitT.—This court WAS held at the local conrt-honse on Tfles'Jav morning last, fcjfore Mr. T,-A. Browne, YSt, when the foUbwmg birfiness wag transacted li- Trabsfers of publicans^icenses were granted or the Wagra Hoter irota Catherine tfouglks Sn£ fS. ak A nd , of ^e Howlong K e S r The^ > ^rick tf were also f Oolquhoun, C. h. Griffith,7T, Charles Ohenery^Edward Che D^, OhaB. A Cheque Frauo at HowlonS —A few davs T* „ a J raud cJveJg execntedwM dsfeove^ at the BankofAus- S r ^ & ' r 8 , ^ appears that a cheque T y M^ij 1^^ fak Signed and »nt into clrealahon iby.- g y S ^ ^ ^ Mr. BiAaid when the oheqae turoea>Mi tt»tht Wnktfca bad b^ a l ^ ^ g ^ a ^ the- amount originally written; The teheque w^s cashed in the aaual course, and it was not until some days afterwards that the fraud was discovered.. The police have been informed of the occurrence,' and are on the lookout for the offender. UNIVEESITT EXAMINATION.—Among the candidates successful. at the late public examinations were Master 0. L. Schmiedt, from the "Mferikt Brothers College, HubterVHill, who .passed in six subjects, and obtained a silver- medal for algebra; and Master Entwistle, from the Albury High School, whowaBBUccesaful in three subjects. 'Among former successful candidates from the High School were the following:—Mr. P. -Ridge- Way, who recently passed the first year's law examination at the Melbourne University, also Mr. J. E. Wattand J.H.Campbell; and Mr. J. Moffitt, who passed the first year's, law ex- * animation at the Sydney University. THK MINISTER FOR WORKS Since Mr. Lyne has been In office he has not been unmindful of the Interests of his constituents One of his first official acts was to accept tenders for the Tintaldra and Jingellic bridges. This matter had been blocked for some time in consequence of the department requiring the use of, ironbark timber in the structures instead, of redgum, and the former wood is not easily obtained. Mr. Lyne, however, was aware that redgum was a good durable timber ; he also knew that the bridges were badly needed, and he decided to accept tenders accordingly. It is Mr. Lyne also whom the Corowa people may thank for what appears to be a fair and reasonable proposal for the settlement of the railway land dispute. THE BLACK VEIL.—An interesting ceremony took place at the Convent in (Dllveatreet on Wednesday morning last, when a profession of the final vows was made by two young ladies who • have served a novitiate in the'Convent during the past three years. The nuns professed were Miss Quintan, from Cootajnundra, and Miss Wynne, a native of Ireland. The ceremony was performed at 930 a.m. on Wednesday morning by the Rev. Father Dunne, of Newtown, in the convent chapel, there being several members of the congregation, present. The . Rev. Father Kennedy of Albury, celebrated mass, and Fathers Hickey, of Albury, and Gallagher, of Wagga (actingadministrator of the diocese), were also present and assisted at the ceremony, which waB a very impressive and solemn one. ; EXCHANGE op CROWN LANDS. — In the Legislative Assembly a few days since, in reply to a question froib. Mr. Gormly concerning an application to exchange 29,000. acres Tor Crown laod in the Hay district,' the. Minister for Lands said :—The case to which the hon. member refers has notootpe before me -as yet, and I have not dealt with any similar casp ; but .speaking,in general terms I may say that itisnotmy intention to allow the exshange-of estates;' The Land Act provides for the exchange of detached portions of land, but it does not provide for the exchange of enormous estates, and though, of course, I shall not oommit myself to any course of action tintil I have-to deal with this case,- it would bealtogether contrary to toy opinion of theirieariing of the Lands Act to allow eucli an extensive exchange., DEATH OF AN OLD BORDER RESIDENT—A Bethanga correspondent writes :—" General regret was expressed in and aroand Bethanga when it became known that Mr. Murphy, who has been ailinglfor the l&st;'thiee years, had died. The late Mr. Murphy was for 120 years a resident of Yackanclandah, whete tie followed the pursuit of mining. Some yeaff ago -he came to Bethanga and took up land, and-he haft since carried on the business of a grezfer, in which he has been very successful, 'fie was well respected, and leaves a family of two sons and nine daughters; the most of the latter are tnarried. This two sons' were absent when their father died, being some ^00 miles from home when the news reached them; acd though they came with all speed in order to be present at the'funeral, the remains'ha'd been interred in the Talgarho cemetery the day Ipefore they arrived.' The boys felt the blow yery severely and much sympathy is expressed for them." IMPORTANT MINING CASE.—An interesting mining case was heard in the Melbourne County Court on Monday last, before Judge Hamilton. The Wallace Bethanga .Mining and Smelting Company .sued William R.- Robinson, amihing investor, for the recovery of £600 for the detention and conversion of about 4G00 ton6 of aariferons. tailings, whioh were on a machinery site formerly held by the company. The'defendant took possession of the site, as the company had neglected to re-register it. The tailings were the result of croshings by the lant held by Sabelberg, the original lessee. S 'he company had used part of the tailings in smelting operations. The defence was that these tailings could not be claimed by the company, as they became in law a part of the land. His Honor said that a very nice point of law had been raised, which should never have been brought up in. the County Court.: It could only be settled satisfactorily in the Supreme Court. The tailings were waste stuff, and had become part of the land. It was utterly hopeless to say where the chattel began and the realty ended. He would therefore give judgment for the defendant. FOREST RESERVES.—Mr. Gormly last week called attention to a subject of considerable interest to selectors. He said : I wish to ask the Colonial Seoretary a question with regard |o forest reserves. Is the hon. gentleman C •warn lbat a large quantity of land is held as rwerrft tb»t i? wwlfcjfo for the growth of timber ? I have on many, occasions written to the Forest Department asking that inquiry should be made, so that such unsuitable reserves might be thrown open to settlement, and I now ask the hon. gentleman if he will see that an irquiry is made 1 Mr. Copeland : Perhaps I may be permitted to answer the hon. member's question. -1 am very much in sympathy with the hon. member's complaint, and if he will send me information of reserves upon which there is no timbe"r,"br"which are unsuitable for the growth of timber, I shall be very glad to throw them open to settlements Mr. Gormly : I asked the Colonial Secretary a question ; and, though I-understand that the matter to which I referred is in his department, another member of the Government has risen to answer it. Mr. Dibbs: I may inform the hon. member that my views coincide with those of the Secretary for Lands. If my hon. friend will give me the necessary particulars, I shall take action in the matter. CLEVER FORGERY.—The Albury branch of the Australian Joint Stock Bank Was very cleverly victimised to the extent of £26 by means of a forged cheque one day last week. It appears that a man rushed into the bank in a great hurry-end asked for a cheque book for Mr. T. Matchett, of Morven, who he said wanted the book immediately. Knowing that shearing was in progress, that Mr. Matchett would probably require a good many cheques to pay shearers, and that he had only a small book in his possession j the bank officers saw no reason to doubt the bom-fides of the applicant, who received tbe cheque book and departed. Later in the day he purchased some clothing at a store in Dean-street and tendered the chequetilf'payment, receiving in cash the balance. The cheque in due course was paid by the bank, the signature being a very skilful imitation-'of Mr. Matchett's signature. So cleverly indeed was the forgery executed that Mr. Matchett himself at a first glance was unable to*«ay positively that he had not written the name himself, and it was only from the fact that the; cheque was not from his own book, and that he had never given a cheque for the same amount, that he was enabled without,hesitation to pronounce the document a forgery. The fraud is supposed to have been perpetrated by a man recently in the employ of Mr. Jiatchett, and who having been paid his wages by cheque was of course in possession of the signature he desired to copy. The offender is evidently an artist in his particular vocation, ALBURY MECHANICS' INSTITUTE ENABLING BILL.—In the Legislative Assembly on 19th inst., Mr. Day, in resuming the debate on the mbtion—That 4his bill l>e now. read the second time"—said that the provisions of the measure corresponded with those of similar enactments already passed by the Legislature. Mr. Trickett said he thought that some of the proceedings in relation to the bill were of a somewhat farcical nature. The'bill was re' ferred to a select committee of the L°giBlative Assembly, whose doty it was to consider and report upon the measure. He had looked at the report of such 'select crimmittee, and, Strang^ as it might seem, he had found that the only persoh who gave evidence before .the committee was the chairman of the coinmit: tee. 7 Not only so, but it was the chairman who signed the report relative to the examina tion of himself. He did notkoow what the precise* procedure before the committee was ; but he supposed that the chairman left the chair, swore himself, and examined 1 himself, Now, ft appeared to him that* the proceedings in that "respect were open to very grave objection, and were calculated to reduce the appointment of. select committees on private bills to a mere farce. The motion was agreed to, the bill was read the second time, and the House ^resolved itself into committee to consider the bill in detail. The several clauses of the bill i were agreed to as printed. The House having resumed, the bill was reported without amendments, and the report was adopted. CROWN LANDS SALE AT BABOOGA,—The following town) lots were disposed of on Tuesday, 10th November. The lots were mostly half-acre blocks and found purchasers as follows Section 5.—Lot 1, J. G. Howard, £25. ;< 2, J. G. Howard, ,£14; 3, C. Drummond, £6 4, A Burman, £8 ; 5, R. and P. M'Farland, £17 ; 6, T. P. Farrall, -£9 ; 7, A. Montgomery, £15; 8, J. G. Howard, £33. Section' 6.—Lot I, D. Gwman, £8; 2, .T, O'Brien, £7; 3, J. G. Howard, £7; 4, W. WaVreti,' £8 ; 5, J. G. Howard, £i0; 6, T. Schubert, £15 ; 7, A. Gorman, £10; 8, W. H. Curti«V£ll 5 9, M. M'Namara, £16 ; 10, R. and jP.M'Fdrland, £30. Section 7.—Lot 1 E. J. Gorman, £10 ; 2, E. J. Gorman, £6 ; 3, E. J. Gorm,an, £6 ; 4, J. Wood, £6; 5, P. J. Gleeson, £10 ; 6, W. Stanyer, £10 ; 7, P. O'Dwyer, £8; 8, P. O'Dwyer, £8 ; 9, D. Gorman, £8; 10, J. Gorman, £14. Section 8. —Lot I. R. and P. M'Farland, £50 ; 2, R. and P. M'Farland, £40 ; 3, A. J. Dunlevey, £18 ; 4, P. J: Gleeson, £18 ; 5, D. Gorman, £26 ; 6, W. Bolton,.£16 ; 7, W. Bolton, £15 ; 8, W. Stewart, 2l4; 9, M. M'Namara, £15; 10, P. J. Gleeson, £39. Section 9.—Lot 4, J. Gorman, £17; 5, F. J. Carr, £17; 6, W, Stanyer, £12 ; 7, W. H. Curtis, £13. Section 10 —Lot 1, J. O'Brien, £18 ; 2, J. Vanthoff, £12; 3, P. Grahame, £12; 4, A Hiddee, £12 ; 5, J. A Gorman, £14; 6, A. Hiddee, £12; 7, A Hiddee, £9; 8, J. O'Brien, £10 10s.; 9, A. Grahame, £10; 10, M. M'Namara, £1210.'. Section 11.—Lot 1, E. J. Garman, £10 ; 2, R. and P. M'Farland, £8 ; 3, S. Wyatt, £8; 4, J, Elton, £8; 6. J. arroll, £10; 6, P. Walsh, £8; 7, H. Montgomery, £910?,; 8, S. Montgomery, j 9, H. Montgomery, £7 ; 10, H. Montgomery, £8 10s. Total amount of sale, £838. PETTY LARCENIES.—'The police proceeded against a man named Thomas Jenkins at the local court on Tuesday morning on a charge of stealing 2s. 6d. from the till at the Globe Hotel on the previous evening. The Bench, Mr. T. A. Browne, P.M., held the charge proved and sentenced the prisoner to one month's hard labor in the Albury gaol. The same man was then charged with having a quantity of rum in his possession reasonably supposed to have been stolen. Sergeant Brown deposed to having found the rum on his person when he was searching the prisoner on another charge; he could not satisfactorily account for its possession, saying that he did not know where he got it; the accused was drunk at the time. The Bench sentenced him to one month's imprisonment on this charge also, making the sentences concurrent. Charles Burkett was placed in the dock, on remand, on a charge of being illegally on the premises of Robert Pearsall on Sunday morning. Joseph Walter, father-in-law of the prosecutor, with whom he resided in Deanstreet, stated that on Sunday last about 1 o'clock a.m. the accused entered his bedroom; when challenged he backed out saying he was a traveller wanting sleep ; witness got up and the accused then left. Constable Cahill proved the arrest on Sunday morning, and Robert Pearsall said that when he was aroused by Walter on Sunday morning he found the prisoner in the yard; Burkett said he had been turned out of the hospital; witness was of opinion that he had had some drink, bat he seemed to know what he was doing; the accused threatened and abused the witness, who turned him off the premises; witness gave information to the police and accompanied Constable Cahill when he made the arrest. The prisoner made a statement to the effect^ that he was drunk at the time in question and did not know what he was doing. The Bench sentenced him to two months' imprisonment in the Albury gaoL LAND FOR SELECTION.—In the Assembly on the 19th inst. Mr. Hayes asked the Minister for Lands :—(1.) Considering the large area of Crown landB, principally reserves, formally made in the interest of the lessees on some runs in the Murray and Murrumbidgee districts to the extent of 40,000 acres specially adapted for agricultural purposes, and now held «t a nominal rental,—will h^ take immediate steps to have it made available for selection, carrying out the provision of the 1884 Land Act, that half the Crown lands then under lease should be reserved for selection on tbe resumed area, but which have since then, and are now, held :exolusively by the leaseholders, in conjunction with their leasehold areas, preventing small 'Settlement, and looking up the lands fiom the ;people 1 (2:) Will he, when revoking unnecessary reserves, leave them open for ordinary selection, except those in the vicinity of towns, and not, as has been the praotice, aa special areas in email portions, and at prices bona fide selectors could not pay, practically allowing the land to be monopolised by tbe larce land-owners 9 Mr. Copeland answered, —(1.) Circulars were sent to the various district surveyors on the 11th August and 11th December, 1885, and 26th Febnrary and 28th June, 1889, instructing them to report on all unnecessary reserved throughout the colony, a copy of a resolution by the Legislative Assembly on the sutfect being forwarded for their information. With regard to the locality referred to by the honorable member, the district surveyors at Hay and Wagga Wagga reported (on the 25th March and 10th Septemper, 1889, respectively) in reply to the circulars in question that the matter had received special attention, and that a large number of cases had been dealt with, and others were under review. -1 should be glad if the honorable member would specify more particulary the reserves referred to by him. (2.) I cannot say ; each case must be dealt with on its merits, having due regard to the value of the land and the facilitating of settlement. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT or CUDGEWA. —Our Cudgewa correspondent writes " Another old and highly respected resident has passed atfay in Mrs. J. A. Eide, who died at her residence on Tuesday last from some affection t&^tvening on an attack of influenza. AJjout jl month ago Mrs. Eide went to Oorr^tftigTbSndt her son, and was taken ill While f t^|rB r ; and was barely able to return to hel hbme. ' Although very ill she succeeded in reaching her home, and was at once put to bed and ali,that could be done in the way of procuring ii&dical; advice and attendance and careful nursing was tried, but without avail. The poor old lady's constitution, already weakened by sickness, was unable to withstand the suffering which she then endured, and being unable to take any nourishing food slie gradually grew weaker and weaker until the frail frame could hold out no longer, and with a short but hard final struggle tbe soul passed away as the clock struck the hour of 11 on the morning of Tuesday, l7th. The interment took place on Wednesday, 18th, when a very large number of friends paid the last mark of respect to the deceased lady. The body was carried to the Weslevan Church, where a short service was conducted and a brief but earnest and impressive address was delivered by tbe Rev. W. Beckett, who referred to the deceased lady's humble and pious life and to the eBteem and respect in which she was held by all who knew her. From the church the cortege passed on to the cemetery, and was joined on the way by a number of the members of the Rechabite order, of wbtabwvwlot Mn,Stfe'« family are members, who preceded the cortege to the graveyard, where the mortal remains were laid to rest by the side of the grave in which the deceased lady's husband's remains were laid just exactly four years before. Mrs. Eide was in her 61st year. Touching reference was made to the sad occurrence in each of the churches on Sunday." AN AUDACIOUS ROBBERY.—For some time past Albury householders have been constantly annoyed by a number of patty larcenists, who have been going tbe rounds of the houses and relieving the various larders of the good things they contained. The matter; however, did not stop here, for several other movable articles were iu many instances stolen. The thing now, however, although several undesirable characters have, owing to the vigilance and care exercised by the local police, been sent into retirement for a term, assumed a' much more serious phase. On Wednesday morning last early a burglary occurred which, though froai the intrinsic value of the spoil obtained is comparatively insignificant, is yet one of the most daring and audacious in character that has been recorded in Albury for a number of years. This robbery took place at the residence of Mr. George Robinson, a tinsmith in business in Kiowa-street. Mr. Robinson lives in the private house behind his shop, and on the date in question he, together with his family, retired to bed at the usual hour. He heard nothing more until about 4 o'clock next morning, when he was awakened by his wife, who told him that she heard voices. She stud she had. just heard one of the doors bang and one man say to another, "Take to your heels !" Mr. Robinson at once got up, and a hurried glance at the room told him that burglars had been there, and he ran ontside. By this time, however, the midnight marauders bad made good theif escape and were nowhere to be seen. The police were then informed and the house examined. It would seem that the men had just started on their work, for they had only turned over one drawer, when they were startled by the cry of a sleeping child and decamped. The burglary was of a most daring character, for the men had entered by the back door, boldly walking through the house, lighting matches here and there, into the bedroom where Mr. and Mrs. Robinson and some children were lying asleep. They were evidently expert cracksmen or they would never have been ablo to accomplish this feat and depart successfully, with several .pounds worth of jewellery and some cash to the amount of about £2, without disturbing the, inmates of the room. There were two more notes in the drawer which they ransacked, but in the hurry these were missed; The police are now making active enquiry for theclever magBmen. THE WODONQA COURT-HOUSE.—The disgraceful want of accommodation in the ,i)nilding used as a court-house in Wodonga has for a long time called forth the censure and disapproval of persons whose business takes them there, and compels them to remain for hours at a time in the court-house. The inconvenience and annoyance which this state of affairs causes is especially noticeable on the. occasions when any case of .special interest Ja being ventilated within its walls. Several times the local magistrates and other authorities have made attempts to have the building made suitable for the purpose it was intended for, but the Law Department lave always tohelved the subject. Matters reached a climax on Thursday, the 19th inst., when the' County Court was opened before Judge Walsh, and' called forth a good deal of grumbling on the part of the professional gentlemen and the representatives of the press present, who fe^\ th e inconvenience most. The well-known and popular Beechworth barrister, Mr. Fred Brown, was deputed by the members of the bat to draw His Honor's attention to the matter. Accordingly, after the jury in the first case nad been sworn, Mr. Brown rose and asked His Honor to pardon him for addressing him at that stage, as he wished to say a few words regarding the want of accommodation. In the court. He said that frequently an> attempt had been made to have the grievances^ rectified, but unless they got the assistance of the gentleman in the position of judge they generally fonnd that the Law Dapartment took very little notice of them. He instanced the state ,of affairs .that morning. There were eight members of' the legal profession present at a table to accommodate three on each side. And they "had to vacate one side of this table because it was wanted for the gentlemen of the press. Then there was no waiting room tor witnesses, no retiring room for the legal gentlemen, and even in the rotim that was empty there was not so mush as a hat peg. Altogether there seemed to be such a system of cheeseparing going on then in the Law Department that there was no convenience to be obtained anywhere iq<the country court*. Then, although they did not notice it so much just then, SB the weather was warm, there was no porch at the door, and in the winter they were almost frozsn to death by the keen cold wind which at times blew in, and the court was greatly interrupted by 'the noise of vehicles rumbling paBt, as the court was built right on the street. Mr. Brown would therefore in the face of such an uncomfortable state of affairs ask His Honor to make a note of the want of accommodation. Hia Honor, in reply, said he saw the force of Mr. Brown's remarks, and he would note It and bring it before the authorities of the L&w; Department. HIDE AND SKIN MAKKET.—Messrs. Colonnoun and Jackson bad an exceptionally good aale on the 19th inst. Particulars wiUto ioud in WooffimereUl wldn*, * 