Local and General. Races will be held at Dongarra next Tues- day. A bye meeting, open to local horses only, will be held in May next, at Albany. A block of land known as S 26, in Adelaide Terrace was sold last Saturday for £1000. Rain is reported to have fallen a consider- able distance inland on the Yilgarn road. The drapery business lately carried on by Messrs. J. R. North & Co., is offered for sale. The Albany left Adelaide yesterday week with 148 passengers for West Australian ports. On yesterday week the Supreme Court, sitting in bankruptcy, discharged John Gardiner. The Directors of the Western Australian Bank have decided to open a branch in Dongarra. Mr. J. R. North, the well- known draper of Hay-street, has taken over the manage- ment of the Court Hotel. The residents of Moorumbine have to walk a distance of five miles to post and receive their letters and papers. The Moorumbine races were held last Friday. The principal races were secured by Mr. Wallis horse Nimrod. The Premier when passing through Albany was presented with an Address from the Mayor and Council of that town. Mr. E. B. Denton's mining report shows that 569 oz of gold were obtained last month on the Eastern Goldfields. The Bullarra had on board 58 passengers for the Eastern Colonies when leaving Albany last week. The Albany branch of the Hibernian Society intend celebrating St. Patrick's Day by holding sports and a ball. There was an agreeable fall in the temperature last week followed by a strong wind and downpour of rain. The aboriginal, Chum Chum who murdered his wife at the Canning last year, died recently in the Rottnest prison. In a fracas which took place on Saturday night in the Working Men's Hall, a man named Sheehan stabbed another, Joseph Maggs. Mr. Charles Anderson, who has we are glad to learn, completely recovered from his recent illness, left on Monday for Mel- bourne by the Nemesis. Messrs T. Wilding and Hancock have lost a quantity of fencing by a bushfire which swept round Mokine and Caroline last I week. St. Patrick's Day will be celebrated in Perth by the holding of Sports on the New Recreation Ground under the auspices of the Perth Catholic Young Men's Society. On Wednesday week Edward Holmes, who I was committed tor trial, charged with the manslaughter of his wife, Sophia Holmes, died of syncope brought on by hard drinking. Mr. W. H. Neeland has been committed to take his trial, on a charge of appropri- ating to his own use, a bill for £275, the property of Dr. J. W. Hope, and Messrs. A. Cumming and H. Smith. During the heavy blow experienced on our coast on Friday last the barque Coorong drove ashore at Rockingham. She has not sustained any serious damage and will be got off with little trouble. Last Friday at the City Police Court a man named Ross was fined £50, or in de- fault, three months' imprisonment for leaving his master's service without giving due notice. On Thursday af last week an albatross was shot at the month of the Swan. Fastened on its neck was found a slip of wood bear- ing the following inscription : — "Barque Sarah. Lat. 38 degrees, Long. 98 E." The verdict returned by the jury at the in- quiry held to investigate the circumstances attending the recent fire in Hay-street was as follows : — The jury cannot determine on the evidence as to the actual origin of the fire, which occurred on the evening of the 23rd of February. Mr. Herbert Bond, the Managing Director of the Midland Railway, has sent a ship- ment of local-grown fruit to England. The parcel consists of eight cases contain- ing specimens of apples, pears, grapes, peaches, maize, potatoes, onions etc. The Bunbury-Boyanup railway will be opened for traffic to-day by the Commis- sioner of Railways. The day will be observ- ed as a public holiday. Free trains are to be run to Boyanup, where sports will be held. In Bunbury there will be a banquet and a ball. The Bunbury-Boyanup Railway will be opened for traffic on Friday. The engine and necessary rolling stock having already arrived. A staff of men under the direction of Mr, Mather, the Superintendent of the Locomotive Department, has been engaged in fitting tip the engine, and getting every- thing into working order. | According to report there appears to be a dearth of labour in the Northam district. The Nemesis took away as pare of her cargo 524 ozs. of gold, the produce of our mines. The Yilgarn branch of the Commercial Bank has 1500 ounces of gold awaiting transmission. The Excellency the Governor has consented to become the President of the Metropol- itan Chess Club. Later intelligence states that it is probable Chief Justice Onslow will not return before the expiration of his leave of absence. The Frenchman, Glover, who broke his leg recently at Karridale, has been brought into Busselton, where the injured limb is progressing favourably. The Stanley Opera Company are said to be meditating a second visit to West Aus- tralia. They are now playing at Singa- pore. The first section of the Midland Railway, that from Walkaway to Dongarra, will be opened for traffic before the close of the present month. A steam laundry is to be started near Albany in about two months' time. Dyeing will also form a branch of the intended business. Sir Roger Tuckfield Goldsworthy, formerly Colonial Secretary of West Aus- tralia, has been gazetted as Governor of the Falkland Islands. From recent intelligence received from Parker's Range we gather that the health of the field is good, and that everything is going on satisfactorily. In connection with the Daliack tragedy another of the wounded China men died on Thursday night from the effects of the injuries inflicted by Ah Chi. The agency of one of the foremost illus- trated weeklies of London has been offered to Mr. C. H. Iffla, the local representative of the Sydney Illustrated News. The members of the Perth Catholic Young Men's Society, assisted by friends, propose holding an entertainment in their Hall on the evening of St. Patrick's Day. A Petition praying His Excellency the Governor to take a merciful view of the case of J. D. Ross, will shortly be presented. A large number of signatures are being obtained. As showing the progress made in commer- cial affairs it is but necessary to point out the marked increase in the value of our imports. In 1888 they are set down at £288,100 ; in 1890 at £454,000. The Taylor-Carrington Company, after a most successful tour round the Eastern districts and Albany, have returned to Perth, and re-open tomorrow night with a dramatic version of Hugh Conway's "Called Back." A man named Courtney Gregory, employ- ed on the Jarrahdale Railway line, was killed last Friday. He was riding on a truck loaded with timber when he fell off. The wheels passed over his body crushing it fearfully and death followed, immed- iately. The Amateur Operatic Society held a meeting on Monday evening to arrange the cast of the ' Yeoman of the Guard.' A most satisfactory selection was made. We are glad to notice that Miss Nellie Wigglesworth, whose performance in Iolanthe was a special feature of the opera, has consented to take the leading role again. The Fremantle branch of the H. A. C. B. Society intend to do honour to the Patron Saint of Ireland on Tuesday next, his Feast Day. They will hold their annual march around the town headed by tho Volunteer Band, and, later, there will be I sports in the Park of a most varied and entertaining character. Some few months back Mr. A. J. Hastie of Dirk Hartog Island, was fined £100 for smuggling. Last week he was again charged with defrauding the revenue and a conviction obtained against him for sell ing spirits without a license. He was imprisoned for twenty minutes, and fined £120. The Brookton Races were held yesterday week. The attendance was good, and and the weather most enjoyable. The Maiden Race was won by H. Blinco's Yision ; Flying Stakes, H. J. Leeder's Gonda ; Ladies' Bracelet, C. E. Dempster's Oberon ; Pony Race, H. Blinco's Vision ; Brookton Handicap, G. A. Towton's, The Duke ; Farewell Handicap, H. J. fnnrln We welcome the appearance of the new literary venture The People. Should it be able to maintain itself until its really great merits are generally recognised we predict for it a prosperous future. Its leaders are thoughtful and give evidence of considerable literary capacity, while the shorter articles are very brightly and entertainingly written. It may also count upon having a field very much its own. If it proves true to its promise of being independent and democratic it will be , some time, we fear, before it will have to contend against competition on the same lines. It is commonly reported that Professor Price has left Perth. Our delegates to the Federal Convention took their seats on Monday morning. Mr. Her rt Bend, the Managing Director of the Midland Railway Company, has forwarded a donation of ten guineas in aid of the funds to provide a ward for women, and children in the Victoria hospital, at Geraldton. . As will' be seen by advertisement in another column Messrs. Hugh McKernan & Co., in addition to holding their week ly sales of land every Saturday night at 8 o'clock, are prepared to carry out sales of stock and produce any day in the week, and of household furniture as may be required on the premises or in any part of the city or colony. Mr. C. Duncan, of Greenough, met with an accident on' Friday, while conducting some blasting operations. The charge of dynamite used hung fire, and whilst he was endeavoring to ascertain the cause it suddenly exploded, dashing a quantity of sand and gravel into his face. He is unable to see and is quite deaf. A man named Stewart, a brace moulder by trade, attempted to commit suicide last week, on the Midland Railway works, at the Geraldton end. He threw himself off the tram three times. Twice he escaped death in a most extraordinary way, and the third time, though lying right between,; the rails, he received no further injury than a crushed hand. A large number of people assembled at the Albion Grounds on Wednesday week, and viewed the preparations for making the balloon ascent with considerable interest. Unfortunately the weather proved unpro- pitious, and in attempting to fill the balloon it caught fire. The balloon was so much injured that Professor Price at once announced the impossibility of making the ascent. He received some rough treat ment at the hands of several of the dis- . appointed sightseers. The shilling charged for admission was returned to all those who made application for it. We regret our sad duty of tendering to Mrs. Wm. Hayes of Fremantle an ex pression of sympathy in her bereavement of last Friday. Her deceased son who expired on that day, had ended a long illness (extending in fact over several years) so that the end was not unexpected. The patience of tho youthful sufferer was long and severely tested, but as very rarely happens it endured to the last. All that could be done to secure his spiritual and temporal well-being was done by Father Martelli, the Sisters, and his family, in whoso memory and in that of a wide range of friends the name of " Joey " Hayes will live for many years, and be always associated with childlike innocence, purity of life, and sweetness in suffering. On Sunday his remains were escorted to their last resting place by a large concourse of persons, who thus testified to the respect in which the name of the deceased youth and his family are held in Fremantle. -R.I.P. 