BUSH FIRES AND THE FARMERS . The bush fire season has apparently set in, and with more or lase severity may be ex pected to be prevalent till about the end of February. The d reet cause of these fires are manifold. The carelessness of workers in*the bush and on grazing properties, tho careless ness of, farmers and their Harvest men, the cockney, sportsman ' who uses' paper for gun wadding, the quiet, little fishing.party who leave a lighted lire burning on tho rivorhank,, the thoughtlessly throvriv away match of the swagraan, and tho spark from a smoker's pipb are a few of the commonest causes, of tho; country side ; But in ordin- 1 aril/ cool weather much nOgilonco of-tbjs chnrauior in tho use of (Ire may, bo practised and Comparatively littlo having oome yf i f t. It is in tho hot wind’{sensqo that Il 'Ceoqmes peculiarly dangerous to trifle with fire. There has boon but-ono- roal “.northerly. summer.* Dni'k'uiSsiiay'last from Broken Hill .op tho fa/Jnortb-woßt, to )f ,^lbquVn^oj| v tile south vp as, visited by duo •hlft«ts.;f£om llie'"desert, and in the next cfays’ papers a iiophvalo lidadlngthnil to ho sot apart for hush fires. The heated wind was, if wo, iuny say ho, ilio , Bjjavk that 1 started , into fiamo, tho elements of fires which otherwise would; hkVe smouldered harmlessly away. , Qn q day like. Inst Tuesday ’ iniliimmablo~.matters of‘-every kiud catch lire far more 1 easily than iw cooler weather. One can never bo.top .careful of fire, but when the thermometer registers from 1509 to ; 180.0 i n the sun,: and whon there ia a strong fir/ tfind blowing to, fan every am ber .into a ,blaze, that can find, material, to .feed upon, it is worth while 1 going to some pains to guard against those''Visks. During this season farmers; willboating' wisely if they keep tpoir homesteads and stackyards ns free as .possible of loose rubbish, also plough-' ing a protecting oleolo' around tho most valuable part of their improvements. 'Wo do ■ not - suppose that ■ ’ now-a-days many -farmers are In the habit of gathering tho whole of tboir harvest into one'largo’- 'stack, or if they make it.into two .or' throe or; more" "otocks, building them .bo closely ’tbgbtliorthqt'if' -ope catches, the.whole mustrgo. there are soma, who ollow this- vm\Vhre practice, but they have been so frequently, warned that if they eventually come to- grief, through it, Uieto will bo no one to, blame, but them selves. Nor in any case, except .the distance between is very great, should stocks be built to the north and south of each other. The north winds are pre-eminently’;! fire carriers, so if the north stock ignites the sparks will verysoon and surely find® their ! >wqy' to the other. Then on tho return ' 'at; current the strong south wind which usually succeeds : a day of hotiwinds,-and; whilst the' country is .still., ablaze, should the southern •most;, stack catch, hre the risks of. the. other ones is grout If there is anything in this theory, the’ deduction is that tho safest posi tions for stocks are to the eastward and west ward of each other, and of the-farm or station buildings too.' And in this bush-fire connec tion wo wish to bespeak a more courteous reception for tho insurance agent than he frequently receives. The farmer may bo ill able to afford the pretty stiff premium that tho company will require for insuring his property, but ho may, to his sorrow, ore long find that the very best of economy is to keep everything gjvhout his place covered as fully os tho insurance’ company will ollow him. Tho premium covers little more than the bore risk which tho insurers are ready to undertake, the profits in this class of business being low. So whon tho company bets him —all insurance is a of betting—that his property will not .take ffiro within .the current 12 months, and lie hots that <it will, and thereupon stokes hiAmonoy (the pre mium), tho chances are so very nearly equal both sides, that no man who studios his. comfort will refrain from taking out a policy in one or other of the companies. Tho farmer has enough anxieties, and when someone else stops in, and for a consideration, offers to share a portion of them with him, why of course, he sbould bo.welcomed. Insurance'.is perhaps tho best and sometimes the only protection that the farmer can depend on from fire, hut y/o believe that tho exception rather,than the. rule, especially amongst the poorer ones, for them to bo insured. And thus notwithstanding that the po6r farmer may in a few.minutes lose the whole of tho products of his labor,’ whilst his wealthier neighbor, who nevertheless would not severely feel the loss .if: the-'flames some day Sweep bis -property .completely hare. 