GENERAL NEWS. We have been requested by Mr. James Morrison toidraw attention to the '3rd fortnightly sale of land, which takes place at the Exchange Buildings, St. George's . Terrace, to-morrow, at 2.30. pan. sharp. Two Valuable Perta Town Lots and the few remaining unsold blocks of the first section ax nemos v axe wui uc uucnu. Yesterday morning Messrs. E. Pah-bairn, B.M., and Ii. W. Clifton,J.P., sat as a Court of Bevisioh of the jury list for the Fre ?nantle district. The only alteratkm made was the addition of one name to the list, which now contains 301 names. The list was compiled by Mr. McMullen. Yesterday Messrs. W, & S. Lawrence successfully launched a small steamer they have just built to the order of Mr. James Gallop of Dalkeith, which he proposes using for the conveyance of fruit and vegetables to Fremantle, for sale in that township as well as for transhipment to tbe northern ports. The name of the little vessel is the ' Ivy,' which has been very faithfully designed and built by Messrs. Lawrence, who have been complimented on all sides for the general appearance of this latest addition to the river fleet. The length of the 'Ivy' is 35 feet, her beam beeing 6 feet 5 inches, while her depth is 3 feet 6 inches. To-day the launch was towed by the 'Alpha' to Fremantle, where her engines and boiler will be fitted under the supervision of Mr. E. S. Newbold. The Ivy will be propelled by steam generated by kerosene, on the principle of similar boats trading on the Mississippi and other rivers in the United States. At tbe Perth Police-court this morning T-nniR r-qjuTonlant.ofClaremont,WB8 charged with selling liquor without a license. From the evidence it appeared that Sergeant Farley and Detective Gurney and others drove up to the defendant's house,and some thing to drink was called for. Some lemon ade and mm , was supplied, for which 84. was charged! ' The liquor ; was taken pos session of in the usual way and the inform ation in question laid,^The case is proceed ing. The Legislative Assembly will 'meet again at 7 o'clock this evening, when an address of loyalty to the Queen and of thanks to- the Delegates to England on the question of the'Consetation Billwul.be moved. If is probable that a number of Bills will be introduced, after which the Debate on the Addre«-ih- reply will be con tinned. Mr. and Mrs. E. Young (for Perth) were the only passengers who proceeded by train from Albany for stations on the Eastern Bailway this morning. ' - We have been requested by the Secre tary of the W.A. Turf Club to inform the weathers of our premier racing institution that their tickets of admission to the Grand Stand enclosure are ready and will be handed to them on application. On 'Change this morning Centrals were offered at 12/6, without buyers. Central Extended being offered at 1/1 with sellers at 1/6. For Eraser's 7/6 was offered, ' with sellers at 8/9, Fraser's South (pro) being offered at 11/ with sellers at 12/6, contribut ing being wanted1 at 9/ without sellers. For Hope's Hill (pro) 1/3 was offered with. Sellers ac -I/O, X/xu uej&ig; vucu^u w* vuu tribating'with sellers at 2/8 For Caledon ians (pro) 1/6 was offered without sellers, lid. being offered for contributing with eellere at 1/6. For Exchange (pro) 1/1 was offered, with seu«r8atl/8. We publish in our business columns Hie full programme of the Fremantle Orches tral Society's concert this evening, from which it will be seen that the music-loving public may anticipate an entertainment of unfBoai excellence,' The success of this comparatively young Society is an absolute proof of its thoroughness in performing the works taken in hand.and with increased public bupportit will be able to accomplish, stall greater successes in the fnture. The Be*:'J. -'W. Moulaad lechires to night in Wesley Hsu, Williain-st., ; on 'Britain in 1890.' ' The handicap' rifle match among the members of the Fremantle Artillery for a clock 'presented -for competition was won by Sergt.-Major Barrett, with 83 points, in cluding a handicap allowance of 14 poimts. ' Spider' writes: — ^'In connection with my letter headed ' The New Collector ef Customs' I regret having omitted the names of some other 'officers entitled to promotion besides those referred to by me, on i/&e; grouaas u£iuag biw inun» b«.-w».vioo in the Government of this colony. Among them is that of Mr.-3K- P. Glyde^+he seiurteoos and able accountant in the Sur«^y Office,1 who the ' Blue Book' to forms me entered the Government service of this colony, in February, 1864. By a misprint I notice, also, tbat the name of fflr. F. Spencer is mentioned in my letter as. having entered the Service in January, 0.865 ; thiB should have read ' November, l86i:.M . An'old nulitary pensioner, named Vance, died at the York Hospital yesterday after-' noon, from the effects of cancer in tie face. 'A notice has been issued by the Postal authorities to the effect that in con sequence of an alteration which has been: made in th£ hour of departure of the train for the Eastern Districts on Monday next, 26th inst., mails for those districts, South em Cross and Albany and all intermediate offices will be made op at tbe General Post office at 5-30 p.m., in lieu of 11.45 a.m., on that day. ' Latest news from Northern states that Messrs. Merreyand Loton are the chief osers by Jthe great bush- fire in that dis trict. The former has lest, a fine crop of standing corn as well as a large quantity of grass, whilst Mr Loton has lost nearly -were .uninsured. The New Zealand Com pany is the only loser, to the extent of about 330. The public examination of JohnEUiot, a bankrupt, was held at the Supreme Court this morning. A statement of . accounts Was put in and sworn to. Mr. Burnside appeared for the Trustee and examined the bankrupt astothe causes which, led to bis failure. He attruratea ic to cne Daanraes and. the pressure of certain creditors. Mr. Elliot passed bis examination. i The following persons bad, on January 9, booked passages from Melbourne for Albany by the B.M.S. Iff Malta, due there on Saturday next : — Colonel Smith, Mr. and Mrs. Tuplin, aud^Mr. F. Fergnsson; from Adelaide, Mr. H. C. Mais, Engineerin Cbief of Harbours and. Jetties or South Australia, 