NOTES FBOM NORTHAM. I ' ?' (From oar Correspondent) \- Bushfires have been breaking out and raging around us with almost unexampled persistency of late. A conflagration oc curred at Springhill (Mr. Loton's farm)* on Sunday evening, about 5 o'clock, and ran in the direction of MattibewB' farm with great rapidity, but luckily was arested just as it readied a standing field of wheat, when it was put out — as was thought. Early next morning (Monday), however, it started again, and it -was only through the greatest exertions thatit was prevented from again entering the same field. Later on in the day it broke oat farther to the eastward, in a field cf wheat belonging to W, Merry and containing about five acres, 'when again it eras arrested, bat. after all. as it proved, not finally, for next morning -Tuesday),&nl; before it could be stopptdjit destroyed some 30 acres of very fine wheat, this also the property of Mr. Merry, for whom great sympathy is felt on all sides. Great loss ha-5 been wrought in the des truction of fencing and grassed paddocks. Mr. W. Loton has lost all his grass on both Springhill and Face's grant, together with much, fencing; Forward and Smith have lost grabs and paddock fencing ; and J. H. Gregory, grass and fencing. I hoar that Mr. Merry's corn was insured. Great praise is due to all the to-vnspeople for as sisting in every tray. While the men were beating out the fire the women brought them water and provisions. At one time it was thought the fire would get into the town. There has never been such a tevere fire here for many years as this one, or more destructive. The occur rence of so many fires caused almost a panic among the population for a long distance round. On Tuesday all the shops and factories were closed, as also the Bolter Mill, all bands being called out to help. Now, thanks to Providence, we are settling down again to bur usual avo cations. Wheat is coming into the Bull very fast, Messrs. ThrosseJl & Byfield buying freely at 3a. 6d- cash. I hear the crop is yielding well, but is certainly not finer than that of last year. Mr. Lockyer's new hotel is going up rapidly, and when completed will be a real ornament to that end of the town. : I am pleased to see that the -Town Council are taking steps to do something to that ugly golly crossing the street near the public pound. It is well that it should do so before an accident results and (may be) they are cast in heavy damages. The weather has been very warm for the last three weeks, and very high winds from the S.E. have been blowing, which I fear will seriously affect the fruit. Jan. 23. - 