Taken by a Dead Man. THE STORY OF PETER CLARKE [By J.F.H. in the "Sydney Mail'] Murrurundi is a quiet but pleasant township of about 1000 inhabitants, beautifully situated in the pictureesque pocket of the Liverpool Range, and abut 217 miles from Sydney. It is a station on the Northern Line. "In the sixties," as the old hands put it, the green little valley was not livened by the flutter of the train, nor did the. mountain air moan with the midnight throb of the hurrying locomotive. The peaceful township was much smaller, and excited only by the "horsey stones" and "bush pitches", indulged in by the stockmen and teamsters that passed that way from the south to and from the plains beyond. Occasionally the sad fate of some weary swagman, who had perished by the wayside from sheer exhaustion or thirst, brought in by his mate or a passing stranger, would cause a ripple in the little hamlet. For weeks the orator at the bar counter descanted on it over his "arf an arf" until the news of some distant coach robbery, or the body of some unfortunate, with a pick through his head, broke in on the roadside pub to be the exciting camp chat for months. This town was a haven of rest for drovers and teams. The days of weary climbing, and nights of biting cold, crossing the range, to enter, or the an ticipation of that cheerless journey out, made it so. As the tired beast rested or browsed on the green matted grass, sheltered from the piercing winds of the South, the bushman joined his com rades in an oft- repeated refresher over a game of "railroad euchre" or "whisky poker," and related the harrowing ad ventures of his life until the early hours of the morning. On the night of April 7, 1863, the little red brink inn, on the lower edge of Haydonton, by the banks of the river (for Murrurundi is cut in twain by the stream, and the lower portion is Haydonton), was alive with recollec tions and bush stories. The night was dark, and the chilling winds that whizzed over the hills and "whewed" back into the quiet valley, drove the traveller from the road. The old inn with its beer was thus a solace to many a journeying refugee. As a thick voice on a beaded beer cask began relating the circumstance of the sticking up and robbing of the mailcoach from Walla badah, a short lithe form slipped from the crowd and asked if any gentleman would care to have a quiet game of cards for drinks. It was Wilson, the bushranger. A move was made to the bar parlor. The thrilling narrative fell flat, and the stockman was asked to take a hand. His story ended and passed unheeded. The hours wore on. Silence foil over the crude enclosure that did duty for a counter. A few soothed brains dozed gently upon the bench at the side, while a drunken swagsman lay coiled on the floor with his swag as his pillow. Wilson, taking advantage of the lull and the incapa city of some of his card party to sit up and keep awake long enough to "fol- low suit," excused himself on the plea of being weary. Bidding a hurried good-night, he slipped out by the side door, and ran against the landlord. Recovering himself, he coolly asked for a bottle of whisky, with which he went to his room. The brain was now too active for drink. Taking a good draught, he left the bottle and the remainder untouched on the plain table that stood near the window. Without disturbing his bed, he soflly raised the window, and slipped noiselessly out in to the dark night and housed himself in the fastnesses of the mountains for the remainder of that night and the next day. He was afoot, but, seeing the necessity of a horse, watched his chance, slipped down the following night upon Mr. Richard Walsh's public house at the foot of Worland's Range, stole one of his best steeds, and again planted himself in the hills— this time on the range about half a mile beyond Blandford Railway Station, where the northern line now crosses the Murrur undi road. Just on this point the road has a clear field of observation. A deep ravine breaks the view in front, and falls into the valley, while the wild bush hiding the great hills behind in duces a natural feeling of fear in the timid mind, and half arrests it with out the aid of man. Behind these as a natural ambuscade, the daring bush ranger planted himself and his horse so as to observe and be unobserved by anyone passing. A horseman canter ing down the gradual slope was terri fied by the sudden command, "Bail up!'' Hardly were the magic words said when the small form of a man, weighing about 10st, stepped into the road, revolver in hand. The rider dismounted, was marched into the bush, gagged, and tied. Silence fell on the mount. The echoes of distant hoofs soon awoke the hills, and again the daring highwayman gave the com mand "Bail up !'' Another speechless traveller, sat robbed, gagged, and tied up on the log in that fateful bush. Another and another heard the dread command with the same result. Wil son held the road. The clatter of the hoofs on the hard mountain track told the affrighted prisoners and the bold bushranger that another prize was on his track. Nearer and nearer the sound came, and as the horse breasted the outlaw's stronghold, that dread word rent the air, '"Bail up !" The spurs tightened, the stead leaped wider, the sharp crack of the revolver rang out over the hills and rumbled down the dells, the form dashed from sight, and the fearless Lad, who loved duty better than life, 'road safely into Murrurundi with Her Majesty's mails unhurt. This same lad who rode the mails from Black Creek is now T. Russell of Goulburn, where he lives. I am adopting the most authentic version as some state the lad was to terrified to stop, and Wilson too as tounded to shoot. The sun had now crossed the meridian. The tired and throttled prisoners patienly sat chating under the containment, and the irritation of the tightly corded ropes, wondering what would be next. The tireless but iron nerved picket still held undisputed possession of that ridge. The distance was seven miles from Murrurundi, so that the distance there and back could not have been made much under an hour. The alarm could have no effect, if it took any serious turn in the minds of the police. Wilson had held the road now for hours. Just about this time a fine, tall, young man, of five-and-twenty years, rode, carelessly along with another man and two boys. They were drovers, and on their way from Bulga for cattle, for Baldwin, from the Balloon River, St. George, Queensland. The exciting adventure of the Wal labadah coach, and the depredations about. Murrurundi, were in the mouths of every one to Maitland. The story of the bushranger became the topic of the bushfire, and the ' bogie man' of the bark humpy and circle. It was naturally the subject for wayside chat with brave men as they paid out the long distances behind them in their rough-and-ready life. The courage of the taller drover was well known. His honest youth was known, he never did a mean thing. He grew up brave and fearless — a bravery that almost amounted to recklessness. His com rades naturally looked up to him, and felt a measure of extra security in his presence and companionship. The boys loved him. ' Supposin' you were stuck up by bushrangers, Peter, what ud you do ?' It was the smaller man that spoke. It was Jim Clarke who, though brought up with him, was no relation of Peter's. " It will be a clever, man who can stick me up single-handed," firmly answered the dauntless young giant, clenching his fist and striking the pum mel of his saddle to emphasise the indignation he felt at highway rob bery. ' I'd feel sorry to be the cove to do it,' quickly added Jim. The four rode on digressing on the fun in store with the boys in the valley that night, when the air rang out with 'Bail up !'' and Wilson stepped into the road with his weapon of death. Peter Clarke took in the situation at a glance. He dismounted first and walked right up to Wilson. In the twinkling of an eye he closed with the wiry outlaw, and began the fatal struggle that lasted but a second. ' Bang !' rang out the crack of the re volver. Peter Clarke fell, and with him fell the notorious bushranger locked in his death-grip. The two forms rolled into the ravine below be fore the rescue could be made. In that grasp Wilson was taken helpless. The will and determination behind that grip can be imagined when the bushranger could not release himself, and, to fire that fatal shot, had forced his pistol up between their bodies and fired through his own hand to reach his victim. Some say in the struggle for the re volver they fell in the ditch, and the shot was accidentally fired while they were down. It was done so quickly that Jim Clarke just had time to catch the revolver before another shot, but Peter was dead. When released from the death-lock of Peter and secured, Wilson said, '"Don't you take any credit to yourselves for taking me. The dying man did it." It was now 2 o'clock in the after noon of the 9th day of April, 1863. Peter's corpse, was brought into Mur rurundi, when an inquest was held. The tied-up prisoners were discovered and released, and Mr. Walshs horse, handed over to him. Wilson was secured and brought in by Jim Clarke and the others. The hill was now swarming with people. Every available horse was in service with a rider on his back. The whole country was thrown into a spasm of excitement over the tragedy, for Peter was well known and loved by all. Wilson was sent to Maitland, tried, and hung. The heroic death of Peter Clarke spread into every corner of the moun tains, and far out over the Plains on either side of the Range. A public subscription, started by his immediate friends, found such a wide and generous response as to soon raise funds enough to erect, on the fatal spot of his death, a monument to his valour. It stands, surrounded by an iron fence, within a few feet of where Peter embraced the outlaw in the death-grip to both ; and, on a marble slab inserted in the brown sandstone column, there is this inscrip tion: — ....... To the memory of the late Mr. Peter Clarke, who was shot by Wilson, the bushranger, near this spot, on the 9th April, 1863. This monument was erected by public subscription in honour of the brave deceased, who lost his life while endeavouring' to effect the capture of that notorious offender. His body was taken to Muswellbrook and interred in the cemetery there. Over his grave stands a more elaborate monument, erected also by public subscription, though the stone itself does not say so. Its inscription simply says : — , Sacred to the memory of Peter Clarke, second son of William Clarke., of Bulga, who was shot by Wilson, the bush ranger on Worlands Range, on the 9th of April, 1863. Aged 25 years 11 months. This monument is also of brown sand stone, and stands on the right-hand side, of the avenue leading, from the main entrance, and surrounded by an iron railing. Who was Peter Clarke ? The marble archive, over his grave, says he was " the second son of William Clarke, of Bulga." Though the family are natives of the Bulga, near Singleton. Peter was born in Maitland in May, 1838\. He was a well-built man of 13st weight and 6ft in height ; a good boy and a true man. Though brought up with Jim and Donald Clarke, he was not related to them, as is generally supposed. he has two brothers living —Mr. Thomas Clarke, J.P., at Colley Mungle station, and Mr. Charles Clarke, lately manager for Mr. John JI'Kny, on 'Tho Bi others' station. Mr. McKay stood for Parliament in the Narrabri electorate. Peter's father was a straight-going farmer, with whom he lived when not on the road with cattle. At the time of his death he was engaged to be married to the sister of Jim Clarke. At the hour the sad tragedy was being enacted on that historic hill Mr. George Pritchett, of Bonny Doon, and Peter's older brother, William, were getting dinner together on Boramble Creek, about six miles from the fatal scene. Mr. Pritchett is now living, as hale, hearty, and happy a man as you'd care to meet, and is a borough alderman of Murrurundi. The old man still sad clens over the event. .The bushranger was, as I have said, sent to Maitland gaol, tried, convicted, and hung. Wilson was not his proper name though the real name did not transpire. It is not known that he ever made any public confession, but from the things found with him it is now known that he stuck up the main coach from Wallabadah and committed the many depredations in and about Murrurundi some time before that. Traveller, if you are passing that way, go up the hill from Blandford railway station and bow your reverence to the brave Australian native, and let the name and deed of Peter Clarke live in your fireside story. Tho Australian lilly Mons Meg has done a satisfactory trial over the Csarewith Stakes' distance, 2 miles 2 furlongs 28 yards. Sin; is now quoted at 12 to 1 for that event. In tho Assembly on Tuesday, Sir Henry Parkes staled in reply % to a question, that although he had had long conversations with General Booth, the latter never said a word about locating persons in Australia. Baron Hirsch 1ms purchased 1000 square miles of country in the Argen tine Republic, to be utilised as n settle ment for the Jews wlio.aro being ex pelled from Russia. The Times states that the highest evidence of Mr. Parnell's; intellectual ability is the fact that he inspired actual enthusiasm, though his personal chaiacter was so repellam. ? The reply of the British Government to the notification 6£ the Porte of the opening of the Dardanelles differs from the replies of the rest ot the Poweis, and explains how it views the now situation. Twenty-five of tlu- London labor unions have is-btied a joint manifesto agieeing to boycott all goods landed at the Carron Wharf, whoro^ the strike continues. It .is, doubtful, however, whether the movement will be attended with success. 