BUSH FIRES. We regret having to again record the outbreak of several bush fires. Last week fires broke out at the back of Christmas Hills, and also above Queenstown, and be- tween Heidelberg and Greensborough, and also at Diamond Creek, doing more or less damage in each instance. Mr. D. S. Wallace, M.L.C., was the lagest winner in stakes at the V.R.C. meeting which was concluded on Saturday. The amount which Mr. Wallace's successful horses carried off is £3,824, and to this handsome prize money Carbine was the chief contributor. He won three races - the Essendon Stakes, the Champion Stakes, and the All-aged Stakes, and though only required to actually race once, in the All- aged Stakes, when he had to defeat the speedy two-year-old Penance, he worthily upheld the reputation which he has now achieved of being immeasurably superior to any other racehorse of his time. Carbine has won nearly £15,000 in stakes for his owner within the last six months. Mega- phone and Wilga each won a race for Mr. Wallace, these being the Loch Plate and the Free Handicap respectively, while three seconds and two thirds were also scored by representaltives of the stable. Mr. J. Northern won £2,291 through Rungebah's brilliant victory in the Newmarket Haudicap ; and Mr. J. B. Clark, who won four races and ran second once, takes £1,741. Mr. S. Miller receives £1,490, the principal sums coming from two of the jumping races, the Second Hurdle Race and the Steeplechase. The sum of £1,389 is oppo t tI U(ho i ()of Mr. II. I. Uanugar, Ithrough (tiralar's ht. Leger victory I while Mr, A, ]I. Ilanhckwood won £t1,a.'t by V'iiingenIe'Is vi'ry in the Australian Cup. I'erslslenl Ill-forteilne followed the repro o ntative horses i of oito raineg slt nle-Mr. S. (J. ('ook's. 'They rain eccoud four tines anld Ihhd twle, and PIr. Cook rtcelves rilIl) ttonly whIl II lit wen'It trit near geliltlg n several II IhuI ntleds A lIaltle whlthi hts t liIt itlpllcl red li the wIt ilt g lst for nllme thInI I that orf iMr. W. . lilih, who rleceives LI I l frolui two wills, Iasd it secntd iaclilnoed by lle IUlorneo,-eylus,. 