NORTHAM. From our own Correspondent. This year for the first time St. Patrick's day was observed here in a manner be fitting the occasion. A very attractive program me of sports had been drawn up by the Sport's Committee , the prizes for the various events amounting in all to something like £50. From 9 a.m. till noon vehicles of every description, all heavily laden with pleasure-seekers, came rolling in from all parts, so that fully 400 persons must have been present. Some splendid exhibitions of running were given in the different events, the finishes being close, thus proving the justness of Mr. Scott's handicapping. As I was a competitor in nearly all of the events, my collaborator of Irish town has very kindly undertaken to send you the details. One thing I noticed as being conspicuous by its absence, and that was a refreshment stall ; this was keenly felt by many of the competitors. However, there was fruit in great plenty and this in some degree made amends for the -other de ficiency. Wheels of fortune were to be seen in great numbers, and all apparent ly doing a good business. There was a totalisator also on the ground under the management of Mr. H. V. Cox, who secured a large number of supporters. The prizes were presented to the success ful competitors at Slater's Hotel at 8 p.m. In the evening a tea-meeting followed by a concert was held under the manage ment of the Convent Building Fund Committee in the Temperance Hall and was well patronized , the receipts amount ! ed to £15 2s. 6d. At the concert the hall was completely packed in every portion, nearly half of those present having to content themselves with stand ing room. The pupils of the good Sisters bore the brunt of action, and sang many pretty and well chosen pieces. ' Among the vocalists who 'contributed most to make the entertainment a success was Miss Florry Cook, Miss McKenna also sang and brought down the house with " The Flower Girl," which was vocifer ously encored. The singing of the National Anthem brought the concert to an end, and then we worshiped at the shrine of Terpsichore until the "wee'' hours of the next day. Bushfires are still the order of the day, and several are now raging in the district, all within sight. The sky is becoming overcast and the appearance of the clouds betokens an early and sudden change. The foundations of Mr. J. O'Hara's new hotel are being laid. It is to be of two store's, and will be a further addition to our town. March 23. . _ 