ALL SCHOOLS' TRIP TO MORDIALLOC. THREE HUNDRED PERSONS ~b F RO WARRAGUL. The Warragul district schools' pic nic took place on Friday last, when about 400 excursionists availed them selves of the cheap rates to "get a sniff of the briny." At 7.80 a.m., the Warragul platform presented quite an animated appearance, the whole of the available space being taken up by groups of smiling, happy and expec tant looking adults and children,; the "small fry" of course predominating, all heavily laden with billies, bulky looking bags, and, bundles, giving one a good idea of prime tit-bits to come. As the train approached from Bloom field, it was at.once seen that a goodly number of folks had thrown in their lot for a day's outing, and on the car riage doors being opened in an incre dible short space of time the Warragul contingenit were seated, and judging by the bustle of stowing away afore said bundles, &c.;, and anxious for a start. As the train moved off cheers were given by the travellers, and for some considerable time afterwards this was kept up by the youngsters, show ing thereby how glad and happy the little ones were. Drouin added a mite to the living freight, and songs, hymns, and bush-fires were the order until DMordialloc was reached. The picnic ground had a few extra attractions be sides the pier and beach," there being a merry-go-round, weighing and lifting machines, and last, but by no means least, ice-cream carts, the latter getting nearly all the picnic pennies. The business of luncheon being dispensed with, an exodus was made to the beach, which was very soon strewn with boots, stockings, and other apparel, the owners of same having taken to the water, and left their clothing in the hands of Providence. Boating, bathing, and promenading were in dulged in by the elder visitors, and as the heat was intense, a run out to sea in a couple of yachts there for that purpose, was both beneficial and popular. The children of the Wes leyan Sunday-school were regaled with buns, &o.;, served in the pavillion, and their, welfare was watched by their teachers. At 5.0 a start was made for home,, everyone I think being glad when they were once more seated in the train. Songs, &c.;, were indulged in, till nearing the Bunyip, when at tention was directed to the bush-fires raging all round. Nearing Warragul some of the scenes of the dread fire fiend would put Payn to shame in try ing to produce a negative; as some of the sights were really beautiful, and only too real. HRome again, tired out, but saiisfied. 