The Governors of Russian provinces are forbidden to tell the whole truth about the famine and pestilence stricken districts when they make their periodical reports to the Czar. And yet Peter the Great was regarded as the father of his people. The Imperial shipwright would have made short' work of any who ventured to suppress intelligence—good or bad—which he had a right to know. If this last amazing edict is the work of the Czar it is cowardice. If it is due to his Ministers it is a crime. In a crisis so acute and so wide reaching it becomes the duty of an autocratic governor to know the whole truth. If his best efforts could not avail to relieve all the suffering, and reduce all the misery, and privation, he at least should satisfy himself that all that is possible is being done, and that the measures of relief are prudently ;and , promptly carried out. To stop his ears to the wail of the starving, to turn his eyes .away from the fever stricken people, is not the act .of an autocrat, who is supposed to at least care for the welfare of the people over whom he rules with despotic sway. It is rather the act of a tyrant who is also a coward. Already the newspapers have been prohibited from allowing tales of horrors and woe to reach the outer world through their means. What we know therefore of the state of affairs is in all likelihood not a tenth of the whole dismal truth. Yet what we do know, is bad enough. The people in' the famine districts, have been- dying by tens of thou-, sands. The efforts which have been made, and doubtless they have been earnest and large, have been wholly inadequate to the.terrible.neces-. sities of'the'situation. . The stores of wheat and rye and meal, gathered -for relief, have been like morsels thrown into the ravenous mouth of the famine dragon. And as there is no hope of any general Or effectual relief till the gathering of the next Russian harvest, some eight months hence, the awful probability is that whole districts will be depopulated, and their towns and cities lapse into the silence of the dead." As if ; starvation were' not doing its work fast enough typhus fever has followed, and, according to later reports, smallpox has suc ceeded to both. "With the three awful spectres of Famine, Fever, and Small-pox stalking at large, it needs no prophet to forecast what the result must be. Of the sights and the scenes which exist in the stricken districts it were' better not to seek to know. And, to crown the whole ghastly story, we are now told that the flour lately bought by the St. Petersburg Council for the relief of the sufferers turned out to.be so adulterated as to be unfit for use. An American war-ship is about to convey a large cargo of meal [ and-flour, provided by private sub scription—a drop in a vast bucket of I suffering, it may be feared, but the intention is kindly. Apart from the barbarity of the edict to suppress intelligence from the knowledge of the Czar the act appears •to be amazingly imprudent. If it be true?'' as is hinted, that the state of affairs is altogether too deplorable to be listened to, that it is far worse than has been acknowledged, that the re serves of corn 'which were alleged to exist arid which it was the duty of the Goverriment to provide, did not so -exist, that shameful jobbery has para lysed to a great extent the' hands of those who were willing and able to help if all this be true— there would be the strongest reasons why the supreme director of Russian affairs should know all the truth. The whole thing is so incredible that there is, color for. the supposition that the edict. itself is a convenient make believe; that the Czar, by thus indi rectly disclaiming knowledge of ‘ the worst of the truth, might be excused for not taking more vigorous and effec tual steps to relieve the appalling destitution and sickness which are cryirig aloud for human help and sympathy. The European political outlook, arising from this deplorable state of things, is being watched and' debated by every Government. No doubt the position is simplified by Russia’s in debtedness and the impossibility of raising a heavy loan for any purpose whatever. The Czar might borrow from Russian hoards, might, in so great an emergency, use some gentle pressure in the matter. But to raise money for the prosecution of ambitious schemes in Asia or elsewhere is quite another thing, and it is improbable that the people would submit to further taxation, and the mere attempt to impose it might fan the smouldering fires of dis content and revolt into flame. For it must not be supposed that the ravages of famine and plague, widespread as they are, cover all Russia, or even, territorially considered, a considerable part of it. There are immense areas left over which the troubles have not passed. But the taxes of all such as can payare more than wanted to keep up the military preparedness of the country. And as the Czar 'dare not disband troops or lay up warships, and as even failure to pay the soldiers for any lengthened time would be ex tremely dangerous, it is likely that the; whole Russian policy will be governed, for a time at least, by purely financial considerations. It is not to be forgotten that the evidences :of internal unsoundness are as plentiful as ever. There are intrigues upon intrigues, and the loyalty of 'the Czar’s own relatives is not above suspicion. A financial deadlock would give all these malcontents their oppor tunity, and it is that which the Czar has most to fear. No more sad refrain to the Christmas carols could be suggested than the moans of the poor woman Annie Walch, Nvbo, in utter weariness and weakness, lay down on Christmas eve, with her baby, to die. She was poor, she was nearly starved, miserably clad,' and the night was cold. For hour after hour she had plodded wearily from orie charitable institution to another asking only shelter or, at least, some food for her starving child. For herself she had tasted nothing for about 12 hours, but had, with a mother’s self-denying instincts, given some milk to the child as long as there was any to give.' On such a night of all nights, one would think, there must be help in wealthy Melbourne for a wretched starving mother. For her at least there was none, and it is easy to imagine how, as she was refused at one institution after, another, and at last found such others as she forced up strength to visit closed for the night, how the pealing bells, the bright lights, and the gay throngs of the city on ChristrnasEve, made her lot_the harder to bear. Morning came, after a night of weary watching and trial to soothe the child, and it found an exhausted mother nursing ’a dead child. Once more she made her way to the Immigrants’ Home, where she had been refused the night before. Yes, they would give her shelter then, and food too, but the previous night the child might have been saved, and the chance had been lost. So runs the story, which was briefly given in The Star of yesterday. In its sadness, in its cruel satire upon our ostensible Christmas peace and charity it might well make any man hang his head with shame. But further, it suggests the •• query whether our charitable institutions, of which we hear so much and on which we spend so much, are not, in some respects, little better than a fraud. What happened to Annie Walch’s child might happen to others not children who after vain appeals to institutions which mock with promise of help might turn away to die. Of all the chapter of Yarra suicides, how many might be accounted for, if truth were known, by the despair arising out of refusals of help in the hour of mortal need. The Immigrants’ Home where Annie -Walch was 'refused shelter or help, was built and is maintained for . the : v ostensible purpose ’ of ministering to <bitter want- like hers, but it was filled with a crowd-of unfortunates who, by rights, should have been provided for in benevolent asylums. It ’comes- like a shock to learn that positive orders had been given for a whole month to admit no more cases, and this in an institution intended to be open to cases of emer gency night and day. It is wanton cruelty to tell fainting wayfarers that they should have come earlier or later. Death does not choose our time, nor does disease, nor acute distress. And as we are liable at any hour to a visit from one of these, so also in all equity and kindness the institutions designed and paid by the public for relieving or combatting these evils should be open to cases of need at all times. If the death of this poor infant "on Christmas Eve -only arouses the public to insist on better arrangements at these charitable insti tutions, it will not have been wholly in vain. The prorogation took place yesterday, at 'the appointed hour, with the usual cere monial. The full report appears elsewhere, A fatal gun accident, by which a young married man named Janies Lawfie; 32 years of age, met his death, occurred about 5 o’clock yesterday evening, near the Hon. P. Russell’s station. The young fellow, who for many years was employed as'a machinist at the Phoenix Foundry,' left Ballarat early on Monday morning, in company with four companions,' named ' George Shepperd, Biayriey Walsh, Reginald Walsh, and Richard -Dome, on a shooting expedition;'to Mount Bute. During Monday and yester day the party had been very successful in allotting game, and were returning home ward when . the accident occurred. His companions tried hard to per snade him to stay until after New Year’s Day, hut he declined, as he was anxious - to attend his sister’s wed ding, which was to have taken place to-day. The whole of the party were seated in the vehicle (a dairyman’s cart), and when near the place mentioned Mr Lawrie placed his gun between'his knees, and endeavored to reach his hat, which was hanging to the top of the conveyance. By some means the weapon, which was loaded, slipped, and striking the dashboard went off, the full charge entering his right breast. He stood upright and exclaimed “I'm dead, I’m dead, l>da.” The poor fellow then fell inwardly and expired instantly. His horrified com panions placed him in the cart ns comfortably as it was possible under the circumstances,, and, coming to Ballarat, reported the sad affair at the City police station. Fur want of a morgue, which is badly needed in a centre like this,, the police were for some time at a loss to know what to do with the body, but after some inconvenience to them selves they placed it in one of the annexes, where it lies pending the inquest. It was pitiable to see his sorrow-stricken com panions, who wept like children while the body was being taken' from the conveyance in which the deceased but a few hours pre viously had apnk-n hopefully of spending a “Happy'New Year.” Eventually two of them summoned up enrage and went to break the sad news to his wife. .The de ceased young man, who was a brother-in law of Mr Woodward, well known in Bal larat as a French polisher, leaves a widow and three young children to mourn their l-iss. He was a skilled and attentive work man, and very highly esteemed by his fellow workman, as also by all who knew hitp, An inquest will b * held to-day. The cricket match between Lord Sheffi -Id's team and a team from the Ballara,t Club, was concluded at the Eastern Oval yester day. The local men terminated their first innings for 139, and in their second scored 151, the Englishmen thus winning the match by an innings and 134 runs. The principal feature of the day’s play was the batting of Mr J. Williams, who scored 53 runs in the second innings, and whose wicket was the last to fall. A report appears in another column. "The annual meeting of the Buninyong Turf Club will be held on picturesque Bun inynng course to-day. The liberal pro gramme drawn up by the stewards has had the effect of securing numerous and good entries. The course is in excellent order, and if the weather is fine there will be nothing wanting to make the gather ing a most successful and enjoyable one. The ordinary train from Ballarat will leave at 12.15 p.m., and will land passengers at Buninyong iii time to see the first race run. The return train will leave Buninyong at 5.35 p.m., or shortly after the last race has been run. A rifle match between teams picked fmm the permanent section of the Sub-marine Mining Company Engineers and D Com pany of the 3rd Regiment, was fired at the butts, on Monday. Lieutenant Wilkinson was in command of the engineers, while Lieutenant Mathews officered the local team. The match, which was an exceedingly in teresting one, was won by the visitors, who scored 51 points more than their opponents. After the match the visiting team were, entertained at the Robin Hood hotel, when a very pleasant evening was spent. The scores will appear in to-morrow’s issue of The Star. Mr W. Smythe, late, mining manager of the Ristori West Company, has been ap-' pointed to a similar position at the Berry No. 1 mine. There were a number of appli cations, and Mr Smythe was selected on account of his peculiar fitness for the posi tion. He has had considerable experience, and is intimately acquainted with the nature of the groundj the working of-which he will have to supervise. -Mr J. J. O’Meara, P.M., and Messrs Achesnn, M’Naught, Stalker, and Hunter, J’» P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. The old man John Aitkin was agiin presented on a charge of vagrancy, and remanded until to-day. Robert Lewel lyii was fined 5s for leaving a dangerous for mation on a public street without placing a light thereon. The cases against Dennis O’Brien and Reginald Fortescue, in which they are,charged with larceny from the per sons of Charles Caldwell, Henry Kelly, and Henry Bryan, were postponed until to-day. Six inebriates having been dealt with and a number of debt and maintenances cases dis posed of, the court adjourned. To-night the Mayor of the City will meet MrJas. Oddie, J.P., F.R.G.S., and Mr T. W. Parker at the City Hall, to discuss the question of lighting the city by electricity and running electric tramways. Mr Parker is th' son of one of the leading electricians of England, and is himself no mean authority upon the subject. The mayor has invited about 25 gentlemen interested in electricity to meet Mr Parker and Mr Oddie. A man named Thomas Burns, 60 years of age, who has been in the bands of the police more than once before, was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday with the lar ceny of a silver watc.h, valued at £2, the property of doe Thomas Hunter, who was on a visit to Ballarat. Hunter, it appeared from the evidence, went to sleep in the bar of a certain public house, and on awaking missed his watch. He reported his loss to the police, and Constable Campbell, having found the watch in a pawnshop, and know ing Burns to have a weakness for stealing watches, made further enquiries which in duced him to arrest Burns. The, prisoner elected to be dealt with by the bench, who sentenced him to six months’ imprisonment. Three inebriates were also dealt with. Messrs Turpie and Elsworth, J’s.P., occu pied the bench. A meeting of the stewards of the Miners’ Turf Club was held last night at Brophy’s hotel; Mr R. Foley in the chair.. It was re solved to hold the next meeting on Friday, 29th January, and the following programme was drawn up:—Trial Stakes, £l5; Hurdle Race, £2O; Selling Pony Rice (under 14 hands), £XO; New Year’s Handicap, £25; Selling Stakes, £2O; Trot, £l5; Fiying Stakes, £l5. The fortnightly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee was held last night, at the Bnard-room, Present Messrs W. Scott (president), Lnvitt, Shoppee, Dimsey, Showman, Lessells, Curtis, Carey, Josephs, and Rev. T. R. Cairns. The receipts for the'fortnight were reported at £95 4‘, in cluding £4O from Sir W. J. Clarke, £3O from the’Shire of Ripon, and £2O from the j Borough of Clunes. Accounts amounting to £l2 ss, for out-door relief, were passed for payment. At the conclusion of th^ busineas.Maynr Shnppee-{wi«fly wished the president a pleasant 'year of office, and him and all- the other committeemen a happy New Year. The president briefly replied, thanking' Mayor Shbppee-for his kind re marks, and expressing'a - hope that matters in connection with the'institution might prosper during the coming year. The members of-Lord -Sheffield’s cricket-' ing team left Ballarat last evening for Mel bourne. ' The farcical proceeding of bringing the old man, John Aiken, before the City Police Court was again repeated yesterday. The old fellow’s only crime is that he is old, poor, and unable to work. The police a'r rested him out of sheer pity early in Novem ber, and entered the charge of vagrancy against him. He. was presented at the police court on the following morning and remanded for seven days, and week. after week the same course has been adopted, ; nnd will probably be continued until some ofour philanthropists arouae themselves.to the ne cessity of endeavoring to make room for him in the Benevolent Asylum. Aiken is a very respectable man, and it seems a pity that he should be punished and im prisoned simply because he is iu aged and adverse circumstances. During the course of shunting operations at the Western railway station on Monday , morning a collision, which, fortunately, was unattended by any serious results, occurred between two locomotivea near the coal stage. The driver of the engine that was being shunted was unaware that another engine, attached to a tender, was on the line into which he ran with a full head of steam. The buffers and other portions of the running engine were damaged to the extent of £lOO. The locomotive was subsequently taken to Ballaiat East workshops for repairs. The Misses Moss and Mathews held their breaking-up and annual distribution of prizes on the 18th inst. in St. Paul’s Sunday School, The mom was tastefully decorated with flags and flowers, and crowded to over flowing with the parents and their friends. Canon MouMurrny kindly presided, and presented' the prize’s. Recitations, songs, and pianoforte pieces were then given by Misses Snowden, Elliot, Johns, Barter (3), Summerscales, Thompson, Mitchell, O’Con nor, Trevor, Lyle, Wilson, Nedwell, Davie, Foster, and Masters Lyle and Supell, fol lowed by tableaux, which converted the platform into veritable fairy-land, peopled with fays and sprites, who, in the limelight glistened and spirkled in true fairy Altogether a most enjoyable evening was spent, and the efforts of the pupils reflected great credit on the teachers. At the close a ballot Was t»ken for the recitation prize, when Miss Elsie Johns was found to be the successful competitor. Two young men named F. Clennel and C. M‘Kenz'e, members of the Wendoureo Row ing Club, experienced a narrow escape from drowning at the Warrnambool regatta on Saturday last. It appears that the young men, together with several other ifiembers of the same club, were bathing at that place, and by some means got info a very dangerous undertow, and it was only by the greatest exertions on the part, of their companions that they were rescued from their perilous position. At the meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee last night a letter was received from Mr Harry Iretnn, manager of the Com mercial Club, enclosing a cheque for £1 Is, b"ing a donation from the members of the club for the purchase of tobacco for the in mates who smoked/ The secretary was in-: structed to acknowledge .the gift with thanks. In connection with the Buninyong races this day, owners, trainers, and jockeys are notified that their tickets will be available at the Crown hotel, Buninyong, from 10 30 to 12 o’clock. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday:—George Fuhrmeis ter, residing in York street, suffering from « frao'rnrs of the left arm. Caused by being struck by a piece of iron; Thomas Kinane, residing at R»dan, suffering from an' in cised wound on the right wrist, caused by the bursting of a bot'le at Mr Rowlands’ Cordial Factory; and Henry Roberts, Mount Clear, suffering from a fracture of the collar bone, caused by a fall. A resident of Napoleon named Michael Mailigan was accidentally thrown oat of a buggy and sustained a severe scalp wound and a fracture of the shoulder-blade.-. He was brought into Ballarat and admitted to the Hospital. ■ The superintendent of the Ballarat Dis trict Benevolent Asylum and Lying-in Hos pital, desires to acknowledge with thanks one case of fruit from Mr Oluey, one.parcel of tobacco from Mr Bade, one parcel of tobacco from Mr Clark, Courier office; also a cheque from the secretary of the A.N. Association, No. 50 branch, Ballarat East, for £1 Is, for the inmates of the above institu tion. * In our report of the City Police Court in yesterday’s issue it was stated that a man named Thomas Greville was fined for having made use of obscene language. The name should have been Thomas R. Grenfell. - "the Poor Sisters of Nazareth. gratefully acknowledge the receipt of £5 5s from his lordship the Biebop of Ballarat, for the children's Christmas treat, and also the following donations:—Mr Martin Loughlin, J.P., £5O; Mr W. Bentley, Craig's hotel, £2 2s; and Christmas presents from Miss Hoarty, Mr.J. Heinz, Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P. and Mr Coulter. The following areas of auriferous land have been made available for selection under section 63 of the Land Act IS9O, and all ap pl'cations lodged with E. J. Nnzum, land officer, oh or before the 22 id January, 1892, will be deemed to have been simultaneously mad-:—Parish of Amherst—6o acres, east of the railway line b"tween allotments 3a and 4c of section 11. Parish of Hadden—ll acres, being allotment 3b of section 10. The trophy given by Mr J. J. Brokenabire for the beat fielding among the local team during the match against the Englishmen, was awarded to Mr R. Greenhalgh. A Crown lands sale of 22 lots in the city and town, also at Creawick, Clunes, and Dean, will be held at Brophy, Foley, and Co.'a auction rooms by Mr E. J. Nnzum, local land officer, on the 2Sth of next month. Thursday next will be a day of some ex citement at most of the principal railway stations. By midnight of that date all the leasees of refreshment rooms who have not been successful in securing a fresh con tract have to give, up possession to the new tenderers. If (says the Geelong Evening News) con fidence on the part of the police will count for anything ths mystery surrounding the recent Pettavel outrage is at last on the threshold of being dissipated. The man Davis, alias Williams, who was arrested at Tarnagulla last week after an exciting chase, and who is now in the local gaol on remand, charged with having committed tho out rage, is fully believed by the police to be the perpetrator of the dastardly assault upon Mrs Marandez. It is Raid that Dtvia shows signs of insanity, but whether this is simu lation cannot yet be stated. Although the ibis is protected all the year round, it would (says the Hamilton Spectator) be a good thing to draw the attention of careless sportsmen to the good which this bird is doing in destroying the young locusts. At the present' time we have several large flocks of ibis in this district, one especially numbering fully 500 birds, and these are fol lowing the patches of young locnsts, eating them up wholesale. In one case some 70 acres of grass had been destroyed by locusts, only a few dry stems being left, and they were steadily moving along in their work of destruction when the ibis arrived, and now scarcely a locust is to be seen, two days sufficing to accomplish this good work. Previously the ground was literally black ened by the presence of the pest. The good the ibis ia doing cannot be over estimated, as they are feeding on the young locusts before they have been able to lay their eggs for next season. A telegram from Lindenow states that the Ijojly of a man has b°en found in a mia-mia in the bash, three miles from that township,-;; It is - supposed the remains are those of a German who Was discharged a few weeks since from the Bairnsdule Hospital, and that he had literally died of starvation, William Crook, an old man, probably more than four score years, who was under going a sentence of life for murder, died at the Geelong gaol on Monday morning. He Was received into the Geelong gaol mi the 6lb July, 1882, from Pent ridge. He was then in a weak state of health, and in conse quence only given light employment, such as picking oakum with other invalid pri soners, and subjected to the ordinary gaol treatment. On the 21st September, 1890, he was attacked with acute rheumatism and suffered from a weak heart. He did not appear to improve under medical treatment, and bn tbe 25th of July of the present y ear he was admitted to tbe gaol hospital, » n( j there given every care and attention. R, had, however, approached the end of hia life sentence,-which terminated as stated An official enquiry was held, Mr H. Reeves' J.P., presiding. Dr Croker testified that death was caused by debility and weakness of the, heart. Some large new buildings at North Mel bourne near the railway line are now («aj s the Ape) nearly completed, and will shortly be occupied as an engineering house for the supply of Spencer street station yard with the electric I'ght. Nearly three years ago the Railway Commissioners puichased for £20,000 from, the management of the Mel bourne Centennial Exhibition the splendid lighting plant installed there. This has been only partially used up to tbe present but now a first- class, service will be avail able, Mr Lawrence Levy, auctioneer, of Elizi both street," has (says the Argus) been missing from his home at Victoria terrace Grattan street, Carlton, since. B >xing Day, and his family and friends fear that some misfortune liaa befallen him. The fruit harvest is now in full swing Mildnra, and the older orchards are giving splendid returns, several growers pickino from 501 b or 601 b to 801 b of apricots off two and three year old trees. Grapes will be ripe in a few days. Next season it is n pected that canning and preserving works on an extensive scale will be erected. The flavor of the fruit this season is delicious, and is pronounced by judges equal to any produced. On Sunday.mqrniug a man named Daniel O’Brien, aged 23 years, was found lying un conscious near Uralla railway station. Both his feet' had been out off, and the lower portion of his legs terribly mutilated. No clue has been received us to how the acci dent occurred. Matthew Malone, on emplnyd of the Goulhurn tramway department, was found lying on the railway line on Saturday in an unconscious state. tie rapidly sank and died. It is supposed that Malone fell while trying to get out of or into a carriage in motion. One of the first matters to be settled by the Cabinet in the recrss is the selection of an Agent-General, and Ministers (says the Age) are likely to experience some difficulty not from a lock of candidates, but owing to the embarrassment of having to make a selection without causing disappointment to the political units supporting the Ministry, It is rumored, however, that the matter will in all probability be settled in an unlooked for manner, namely, by asking Sir Graham Berry, upon his arrival in the colony, to ac cept reappointment for auoth-r term of three years. Hia visit to Victoria will, it is contended, not be time lost, as Sir Graham Berry can avail himself of the opportunity to get iiito close touch again with the colony, and after, perhaps, a month’s stay here re turn to London fully posted up in all matters affecting the interests of Victoria. Sixty Nihilists have been arrested at War saw on suspicion nf being concerned in the widespread conspiracy recently discovered by tbe police. Parliament Ins provided a bonus to give an impetus to the fruit-canning industry, but as yet no claims have been made upon the vote. St-ps are, however, says the lele graph, being taken to establish tbe industry, and it is expected that good results will be shown at the end of the present season. With a view to affording the wives of farmers an opportunity of gaining information re garding fruit-preserving, the Minister of Agriculture has made arrangements with Mrs Kavanagh, of Like Erie Vineyard, near Mooroopna, to give lessons ovary Wednesday at 2 p.m, at her residence. The reservoir which supplies Charlton township with water ran nut on Christinas eve, and a-water famine threatens the town. A communication has been received by the Government, from the Agent-General, which indicates the hold which Australian butter has obtained of tbe Loudon market. Writing (says the Argus) on 20th November, the Agent-General states that Australian butter has been sold at prices ranging from lid to la Id p-r lb, and that the army and navy stores branch have arranged to obtain supples of it. An Adelaide telegram to the Standard last night says:—" It is expected that Sir John Bray will receive the appointment of the Agent-Generalship, There is a great deal of speculation respecting the reconstruc tion of the Government. It is an open secret that the Government would like to take in Mr Kingston; hut an additional reason why he may not accept a portfolio is that Mr Simon, the leader of the bar, is going to England on a visit, and in his absence Mr Kingston’s practice will be largely aug mented, and he would not be able to per form his official duties with his character istic thoroughness. Failing the appointment of Mr Kingston, Mr Holder may be sounded as to the forming of a coalition Ministry.” A laborer named Samuel Burr, whilst bathing with two companions on Sunday in a dam at Wallup, was seized with cramp and drowned before any assistance could be rendered. Joint stock trading is now an enormous linterest (remarks the London Daily Tele graph). Avery few years ago the total capital nf those joint stock companies in the Halted Kingdom, summarised in the annual return, was much less than the national debt. In’ April, 1891, according to the return now published as a Parliamentry paper, the paid-up capital of registered com panies was £891,504,102, which is, therefore considerably in excess of the whole national debt. The return, be it noted, does not in clude the paid np capital of railways in the United Kingdom, which would he about as much again. The town of Broken Hill is depending entirely at present on water being brought from South Australia, and during the past three days the total quantity received has been 15,000 g-lions, which a population of 25,000 people have to do the beit they can with. The thermometer stands at 105 deg. In connection with the recent stabbing case in Adelaide the Herald correspondent wired yesterday:—“Abraham Behrmann has this morning filed an information against his landlady, Mrs Guild, for inflicting grievous bodily harm on him on Thursday morning last. The whole case- will, there fore, ' be investigated before Mr Pater next Tuesday. Mrs Codd is a thin, pale woman, but with a determined. expression. She wag assisted by her daughter in keeping the lodging-house in Hulls street. It is stated that Behrmann had accumulated a good many Broken Hill shares, and left the scrip in bis room.” The traffic returns for the Victorian rail ways for the week ended 24'h December are:—Passengers, &c..; £42,924; merchan dise, £29,675; total, £72,599 Total for cor responding week last year, £77.980. Weekly average (25 weeks), 1890, £62,517; do, 1891, £59,310. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, the man Edwick, who has been for a number of years in the employ of Mr Jarman, butcher, of Moorabool street, was remanded on a charge of attempted suicide. He had been away from the shop for the holid«y», and most unexpectedly infl-cted a severe gash.in his throat with a razor, and bad to be removed to tho hospital for medical treatment. Numerous bushfires ore raging in New South Wales, chiefly in the direction of the Upper Murray valley. 