THE BACCARAT SCANDAL. The World of Feb. 14 returns, wita reluctance, to the u unsavoury subject of the baccarat scandal," and gives the following details of " the more import ant occurrences " at Tranby Croft on the evening of Sept. 10:-"The in cidents aad bearing of certain comments to be presently male will lie exemplified more fully by the narration) in somewhat greater detail than in the synopsis, pub lished last week, of the more important occurrencbs at Tranby Oroft on the evening of Sept. 10. J lie first inter view with iSii- William Gordon Curn ming on the part of Lord Coventry and General Williams was short and hurried,' because the dressing-bell for dinner had ' already rung. After repudiating the accusation, and being warned that the Prince of Wales must be in f irmed, Sir William, in as many words, put himself in the hands of Lord Cov entry and General Williams, claiming, and his claim being admitted, that both were his friends. Sir William's inter view with tlie Prince later in the even ing was of s ime duration. He spoke with extreme earnestness, 'appealing to His Royal Highness's long in timacy 7?ith him as affording close knowledge of his character, dwell ing on his unblemished reputation as an English gentleman and as an officer of stainless record. The Prince interpo lated at intervals: ' There are fi ve witnesses against you !' and lie termin ated the interview with the final com ment, ' I am vary sorry, but it is of no use; the evidence is overwhelming there are five to one against yon!" After a considerable interval Sir Wil liam was recalled, to find the Prince gone, and Lord Coventry and General Owen Williams the only occupants of the room. They presented him with the ultimatum which had been decided upon. He protested against it. They enforced upon him that there was no alternative, and warned him that certain members of the Tranby Croft family who had been witnesses to hie alleged mal-practices were set in their deter mination, if he did not give the stip ulated undertaking, to ' blow him all over the Doncaster course next day. The unfortunate man, in the sudden dire extremity, still struggling in the foils, the nature of the snare flash ed upon him:' To sign will be an acknowledgment of guilt!' he passion ately protested. Lord Coventry and General Williams are understood to be firm in their recollection that the former intimated his assent to this expression, while Sir William Gordon Gumming has no remembrance to that effect. The point is of little importance, but for the explicit statement in the minute of pro ceedings that Sir William signed the undertaking in the full understanding that his doing bo carried his confession of guilt, which deliberate and formal construction Sir William repudiates; and it will be seen that the undertaking does not embody the ascribed under standing. Finally in great agitation,! Sir William asked : ' Do you advise me J to sign ?' ' Certainly,' was the answer ; j ' you have no alternative !' Then it was that, in an unhappy moment, Sir William,set his signature to the folio w ing :~r-lOu the understanding that cer tain circumstances which have occurred during the present week at Tranby Croft are kept secret, I bind myself not to touch a card during the rest of my life."'. THE marriage ceremony iu Borneo consists in knocking the heads of the couple together. Dueing the progress of a play a few nights ago at the Theatre Royal, Adelaide, the room became billed with fine dust and ,smoke, which latter had come from several bush-fires in the Mount Lofty Eanges Some of the audience became alarmed, and someone raised a cry of fire. Then there v\ as a perfect panic, the people rushing over one another for the street. In the J melea an elderly man was trodden on, I his legs and arms were broken, and he j is not expected to rccover. In the meantime the state of terror was allayed, \ and no further damage was done. I 