OUR LETTER BAG BUSH-FIB; s. To THE EDITOE. DEAR SIR,-The bush-fires which have lately occurred in the colony, i should lead to some future good, and perhaps thereby counterbalance in a measure present losses. In the first place they should act as warnings to insure standing crops and fences. We sometimes meet with cases were subscriptions are set on foot to help the unfortunate loser, tlius calling upon the many to assist the few. This is exactly the principle upon which Insurance Companies are established. The large number of small premiums provide for the pay ment of individual losses. If all would insure the premiums would be lower tlian they are, although they cannot be called high. According to newspaper reports the fires at Beverley and Northam both started afresh in the early morning, at a time when a bush-fire is most easily extinguished , leading one to the con clusion that such dangerous fires should be watched until there may be a pro bable certainty that all is safe. Then, the question arises who are to be the watchmen, and how are they to be appointed and remunerated; for cer tainly it is much more than a mere private question. There is another thing connected which I will now refer to. We have an Act of Council to enable magistrates to institute inquiries into the causes of fires, but in no case have I heard of such an enquiry being . made. There may be no chance of finding out the cause, but we know that many people are too careless, and the more publishing of facts would hare a wholesome tendency. For example, such questions as the following would be put. Do you plough or burn round your cornfields for protection P Answer No. Do you allow your men to smoke upon the stack and in the stables ? Answer-Yes. Do you insist upon your men when smoking in the fields or upon the stack using safety matches ? Answer No. It is reported that you allow child ren to play with matches. Is this true ? An evasive answer most likely, but in some cases it might truly be Yes. Public enquiries, and the published reports, would tend to make people more careful, and even the most selfish might be led to believe that a little extra trouble or expense would be pro fitable in the long run-for himself as well as his neighbours. I give these hints for what they may be worth, trusting that younger and more able people will take up the subject. Tours truly, JOHN SEWELL. 