of IJetos. Choral Societx. — -The first regular practice meeting of the newly-formed Choral Sooiety was held in Mi-. WyatPs zooms on Tuesday, the whole of the mem bers being present. These, under the able eondnctorship of Mr. Dnnster, sang some of Mendellsohn's part songB in & highly satisfactory manner. There is little doubt, indgingfrom toe experience already gained, toat in toe Immediate fnture the society will be in a -phmtiim to" give very 'high- clasB concerts and so enliven onr winter months. university Extension. — a pre liminary meeting of ladies and gentlemen interested in University extension was held yesterday at Alexandra College, the Rev. J. K. Macmillan presiding. The chairman explained toe system it was proposed to adopt, end a nnanimons feel ing prevailed that it would be very bene ficial and calculated to greatly increase the importance already attained by Hamilton as one of toe educational centres of toe colony, if arrangements could he made for the delivery of a series of lectures here in connection with toe University of Mel bourne. A resolution to this effect was carried mem. con., but as the innovation had not, it was believed, been discussed by toe senate it was decided to await further information. Before the meeting closed, hearty votes of thanks were awarded to Miss H. Heaxn, with whom the idea of securing the benefits of "University ex. tension" for Hamilton ' originated, and to the chairman for the information he had been able to supply and toe trouble he had fo-Vpn in fog mnHrer Evasion of Border Dotieb. — The latest -intelligence ' in connection -with toe much talked of bribery of a customs officer near tire Border is that between £90 and £100 has been paid to the customs authorities and altogether £158 w31have to be paid to make np deficiencies. Mr. Butcher's services have been dispensed with by the police authorities, who have nothing further to do with the case, which is to be dealt with by toe customs depart ment. Firs near Coleraine. — Yesterday afternoon a bushfire started a short distance south of toe Coleraine cemetery, and soon spread, burning toe (grass in a small corner of toe cemetery, whence it quickly travelled up to toe Coleraine to TT'l gay road. The report soon spread in Coleraine and a large number of willing Wudc, numbering over a hundred, were on the spot "in an incredibly short- time and their nmted efforts snceeded in vanquishing the enemy, but not till abont four hundred acres of grass had been de stroyed. The fire also did injury to Mr. Beveridge, manager of Messrs. R. S. Bree and Co's Coleraine branch, who had yarded abont a hundred bead of cattle and was just commencing the sale when the alarm of fire drove all the intending pur chasers away. With his usual energy Mr. Beveridge was hastening to give a helping hand to those who were fighting the fire when, to his dismay, he found that in the excitement somebody had borrowed his horse without asking his leave. Cr. Tem- pleton was hurriedly called from toe Council-table, news having been brought iowarmHSfe jropaty 'bnt, fortnrmtelyit was extinguished before reaching there. Census Enumerator. — We learn tbat Mr. B. E. Giles having resigned the position of census enumerator for toe electorate of Pandas, Mr. T. R. Knight has been appointed in his stead. Persons seeking appointments ss sub- enumerators for toe Dnndas Shire sbonld communicate with Mr. Knight. Accident at Harrow. — Mr. E. M. Pottage, of Harrow, had a narrow w-np from being killed on Monday last, writes oar correspondent It appears that he was pulling down a house, and whilst on the roof some of toe timber, which was very rotten, gave way and Mr, Pottage was thrown to toe ground. He hvJ a severe fall and broke several ribs, besides sustain ing internal injuries of a serious nature and being bruised about toe legs and body. At present, there is no sign of improvement and he is lying in a very precarious con dition. penshubst. — Onr correspondent writes last evening as follows : — " Our post- mistress, Miss Nelson, is at present enjoy ing her holidays, and her place for the time being is -occupied by Miss M'Coll. — A temporary assistant female teacher has been appointed to toe State school in the person of Mrs. Stock. The department has not yet appointed a permanent assistant. — Mr. J. Button, the genial councillor, is, I am happy to state, now able to get about a little in the house. Mr. Hutton has a bad time of it daring the last month or eo. — A cricket match is to take place on Satur day between toe second elevens of toe Penshnrst and .Care, mat clnba, andkn ex citing contest is anticipated." Yatchaw Irrigation Trust. — a: -meeting. of the Yatchaw Irrigation Trnst was held yesterday afternoon, and Mr. G. O. Sevier, secretary of the Shire of Dnndas, was elected eecretary in toe place of Mr. H. J. Bloomfield, deceased. a Telegraph gode.— We have re- ceived from Messrs. S.B Bagleyand Co. "their " Investors' Telegraphic Code.'? This has been compiled with no small amount of skill ana ingenuity, one word in man v oases representing a dozen or more. By its aid any person requiring to know abont mines or companies can send for and obtain a large amount of information at the mini- mum of expense without persons, nnpro- "vided wito toe code, bring any toe wiser. Sale at penshuest. — On Tuesday |ji"»na Co. offered, for sale at Penshnrst, Mr. Owen M'Kenna'fi wril- khpwn hotel and shout «n acreof land. After some brisk bidding Mr. W. Panning bereme toe purchaser at £797, toertock nna fnnuture to be taken at a valnation. 