Tnts season proves to be a rqost disas- ] trous one so far a-s bush fires are concerned. Already a large amount of valuable property has been destroyed in this and other districts, and there is considerable anxiety amongst those who have escaped so far as to their charjoes of a visit from the devouring element. This anxiety is increased by thie fact that in many looalities there is a large quantity ot dry grass, which is easily ignited, and difficult to extinguish when once a fire is set going. These fires may arise from accident, design, or carelessness ; hut experience has already demonstrated that the latter is the most fruitful -cause of the three, We are charitable enough to suppose that there are few bass enough to designedly set fire to another man's property, though instances are not wanted where this has '-een done, as in Queensland bythc .strikers last year. To wilfully set fire to grass on a run, is one of the meanest acts a man. can be guilty of, as he not only injures tbe owner but he deprives the dumb and unoffending beasts of that which Providence has provided for then). A roan who would be guilty of such an act is deserving of the severest penalty that the law can impose. Of course we know the difficulty there is in bringing hotqe the charge, as crimes of this kind are not usually done when any one is about. In cases where bush fires originate through carelessness tfiere is more likelihood of the guilty party bring discovered, and in his case we would belittle if any less severe,, as the flea of carelessness — if suah a plea can be taken— rdtms bo Restore what fca* been destroyed by. the aot. B/* WW? 9» ihofirtotthM who 'travel in these districts it- eun) - mer there would be far less damage to r port through tires tliau is the case at present. The idea with many people - seems to be that 118 they have no pro perty of their own to be destroyed there is no necessity to be careful so that others shall' not suffer. Although we have jthe Careless Use qi Fire Act in operation in this colony, very little notice seems to be taken of it, as its provisions are broken daily under the very shadow of the authorities. We think the present act could be amended in some particulars, so as to make it more stringent. And if notices were posted setting forth the penalties for a breach of the law, people might be j In duced to use more care than they do at present in the use of fire. As the danger of fire is very great at this sea son of the year every care should be exercised by travellers vhq, often with no guilty intent, have caused immense loss to others. We need only point to the fire which swept over Illillawa the other day to show what loss may folr low one careless act on the part of those who fail to extinguish fires when they leave their camps. ^ ? | The revenue returns for the past quarter brings up the total income of the colony for the past year to £10,017,000, or an increise on 1890 of £048,000. The late Treasurer has been taken to task on more than one occasion for his over sanguine estimate of the income for last year, and yet we find that the increase is £450,000 more than Mr. M'Millan's estimate,. In contrast to this it is worthy of note that Mr. See on the l»t December last under estimated the increase for that monthby £89,000. Tliisistobeaccoun ted for by the desireof the.Protc-ctionist Government to make the finances look as bad as possible, so that the task of imposing new taxes would become more easy for them. The returns show clearly enough that the finances of the colony are in a flourishing con dition, and does away with the urgencv for the imposition of fresh burdens on the people. The income for last year was the largest ever received in the colony and with reasonable economy should more than meet all engagements, ! but this sum is not likely to do so this year with such a delicit manufacturing government as that of which Mr. Dibbs is head. If the state of the colony's finances prove anything, they I demonstrate that there is no necessity | for the imposition of new taxes, so that it will be clearly seen that the present Government have wantonly disturbed the fiscal policy of the ooun try at a time when the income is larger than vas ever known before. If the Government had honestly §et to work to reduce the expenditure, and there was plenty of material to work upon in this direction — they would be en titled to the thanks of the community. Had there been a necessity to impose new taxes no one would have com plained, though they might liave ob jected to the mode adopted, but to do sp without pressing necessity was adopt ing a course that cannot be justified. The taxpayers as a whole should have been considered, instead of a section of the community, and that section a com paratively small one. The more the action of the Government is looked at, the less excuse there appears to be for the course they have adopted, and the electors should carefully remember this and when the time comes meet out. due reward for their action. Hav ATHF.N2E9M. — The usual m.--tilhly meeting was held on Tuesday eveninc. Present, Messrs. P. Smith (vice-president in the chair). J. E. PeHrce, A.. P. Stewart, W, Travis, A. G. Stevenson, J. John ston. R. Chambers and Dr. Watt. Ao counfs to the amount of L9 17* 3d were pawed for payment. It was decided to hold the annual meeting of the institution on Tuesday the 19th instant, and the vioe president (Mr. Smith), and the treasurer and secretary were appointed to driw up the report. Mr. Stewart moved that all the books in the free publio library not in the list seut by the government, be taken out. and placed in the circulating jibrary. This was seconded hy Mr. Travis and oarried. Mr.JStewart proposed and MrJ Travis seconded that.the sum ofL25 be Sent to the Colonial Treasurer to carry the bill through Parliament to enable the trustees to mortgage® portion of the land npon which it is intended .to build a hall Garried. Mr. P. Smith having vacated the chair, Mr Stevenson took the same, when Mr. Stewart moved — '? That in vie'w of the lime elapsed since the police department was advised that thfey are occupying part of the Athenaeum property, and the fact that ihey have made no 6ign as to what recompense they intend to make to the Athenceum, the Trustees be authorised by the committee to call upon' tbe inspector-general of police to surrender to the trustees that portion -of the ground now occupied by them. Secoudod Mr. Travis and carried. Alterations of Trains,— Some con fusion h&s; heen caused owing to the Rutwny C-fnmtR«in.nuTS wot having civen elect to tbechaiigesann mooed in the run? mng of the intercolonial trains. ' These changes were made known through all the sections of the prBa» for we*k$ part, and it was fully expected that they would be now in force, The railway officials say they have not received any instructions on the subject. The trains are running a- usual. Weslevan— The Rev. John Calvert will (D.V.) preach next Sunday at Bay in the morning and evening, and at Marked Tree at 4.30 p.m. Opening subject— -MTbe Balm of Gjlead.' Service on the 17th inst. at 11 a tn at Mrs Pethers'* Monte Carlo.— rThe reports. of the pro fits at Monte Carlo showed that the past year had been the most profitable of any in the history of the society, the total receipts from the gaming tahleahaving amounted to 21.000. OO^fr, or £8^0,000 iJits is an advance; of Jt4U,OO0 oyer the : previous year, notwithstanding the fact that 5n March last some half dozen, plungers were breaking the tables daily, Hnd walked off with about 1,000, OOOfr, an item which, of coarse, made a perceptable difference In the dividend declared. In stead of distributing lS.OOO,OOOfr amongst the 60,000 «harehol4erstlie dtrfptor« were only able to pay oat oper ll,i)00006fr. Mr WeUif tbe English gentleman who had the go^d fortune to wii? the sum. of £32,000 some months ago at the gaming tables at .Monte Carlo, has returned, ' aud is.-pgoe- more playing heavily. So far, however, his luck has failed irm. He Waiting Water.— At the Gounoil meeting on Thursday night the question of th» waste of water iphich is going oio in town was discussed, and a resolution was passed to the eftect that an inspector be appointed to go round and see ,tba||riie;: - practice of allowing teps to run all mgljt is discontinued. TheXfouncil have been iuformed that certain persons* ar© wasting a good deal of water, and they are - deter mined to jput^ itop to it. Any .one found wasting water frpm this date wjll be. severely dealt with. We would draw the attention of ratepayers to an advertise ment in another column withTeference to this subject. - JJetctbning Officer — A meeting of magistrates was held on Friday in re spouse to a communication from . tbe Colo nial Secretary askiog that a returning officer, in rnon) of the late Thomas , Robertson, deceased, be recommended. Tlie magistrates present were Messrs A. P. Stewart, A. (j P. -3atnefon, and N. J. Treyena. Mr Stewart proposed Mr J'hn ^narew, wuo was unanimously recomr mended f*»r the position. Thb Rivbr. — The Murrumbidgee at Hay is 2 feet 10 incheB, falling ; at Wagga 2 feet C inches, stationary ; and al Guo dagai 4 feet 3 inches, stationary A Nice Appointment. — Mr. Bibbs iB gaining notoriety Tor his appointments. The Luscnrnh'e one was a surprise. Now he has appoioted the public fln^elator to the posiiiou of gaoler at Deniliquiu. The Chronicle of Tuesday says ' During the Inst few days much indignation has been caused in Denihquin at the sudden re moval of Mr. P«»pe, who has only been here for a few months, to Wilcan'nis, and the appointment of Mr. Elrcy, the public fl-'gger at D-iclmghurst Gaol, to the posi tion of Gaoler at Deniliquin The appoint ment is, no doubt, a morft remarkable one, is considered by many a disgrace to the department, and a A insult to this district, as also lo all homing a higher position in the service. The feeling expressed at Deniliquiu at such action is made all the 8tFo-i£f?r hy the adverse and severe criti cisms that, have appeared in Sydney Truth and the Bulletin. If all is true that they say the indignation expressed here is warranted, and if anything can he dono to prevent the insult to this community nothings should be left undone to bring it about. The Council held an indignation meeting to protest Hgaiost theappoiotment as it was a disgrace to tbe Department of Justice. Truckings. — Egbert Gibson* Teports i ? i ? ot o n ? rr«~-, iiiiuacuui U. uiavcs ''mo- hush on Tuesday 7th inst. 3 trucks of sheep from 'Carrathool for .D. McDonald and to-day 1 truck of calves to Wilkinson. Lavender, and Chapman, for W. J. Ashcroft. Singular Occurrence in Russia — A singular incident is reported from Russia. The Grand Duke Ser^ius, the Governor of Moscow, and brother of ihe Czar, dis guised as a tn«ujik, or Russian peastit, infn nf the* ImUr.' ohnno in lIiA city and endeavoured to purchase bread. Whilst doing so he .was hustled and finally arrested by three policemen. The latter, on discovering the rank of their prisoner, committed suicide. Postal Reforms.— Mr John Kidd, the Postm$ster-Geueral, is bestowing a consi derable amount of attention npon the re forms he purpneeB to introduce into the department over which he presides. The reforms in question include the introduc tion of a parcels post within the colony ; the introduction of'jlhe postal note system; the speedy return to the writers of un claimed letters instead of delaying the same for several months and incurring a Urge expenditure in advertising the list ; the collection iu one amount of the post age due on large masses of mail matter posted in lieu of paying postage on each separate letter or package : increasing the money order limit from £10 to £28 ; the legalising of the post card system rather than working it under Executive authority; properly defining newspapers, as carried through the poet ; providing.a fixed rate of payment to masters of vessels for the carriage of mails ; the obtaining of addi tional power to stop tbe trausit by mail of libellous Or obscene mstter : and t he es tablishment of uniform penny postage throughout the colony, and if possible between all the Australian colonies Mr Kidd is desirous of' seeing other reforms effected, aud, as soon as time will permit, he will draft a bill coutaining the necessary pvovi&ious;, and this measure will repeal the C'ns (idaied PosU'ge Act of 1867. The Poslraaeter-General entertains \jio hopes of getting this bill before ? Parlia ment during the present session ; but should the Government retain office, he believes the. proposed reforms will be sub mitted to the House of Assembly before the close of tbe nest session. What a Lkmon will do. — Lemonade made from the juice of the lemon is one of the best and safeist drinks for any per son, whether tii health or not. It is suit able for all stomach diseases, excellent iu sickness, in cases of jaundice, gravel, liver complaint, inflammation, of the bowels,': and fevers. It is a. specific -against worms and skiti complaints, 'The pippins crushed may be used with sugar- and water. and taken as a drink. Lemon juice ia^ihe heat ' antiscorbutic remedy known. It not only cures the disease, hut prevents it. Sailors make daily use of it for this purpose. We advise everyone to rub their gumB with lemon juice to keep them in^a .healthy condition. The hands and nails ' are* also kept ctb^n, white;' soft an'd. aupple.Jjy^he daily use of lemnn insteftd^ol %bap.v :It, als^^reverilB chilblains, Ii^mons,-are used in intermittent fevers, mix^^wijh, atrong, hnt, black coffee, wi th ou t' ejiga r'. ? iNisaral' gia, it is said, may be cureo by robbing the part affpeted witha cnt lemon. , j It is valuable also to cure-warte.- ' It will - re move dandruff by rubhing the mots of the hair with it. ' It 'wil) alleviate, and finally oure, coughs and ©olds, and heal diseased lungs, if taken hot on going to .h^d at . night. Its uses are manifold, and the more we employ it internally the better we shall find ourselves. ' Adootor in Rome is trying it experimentally in malarial fevers with great success, and thinks that it will lime supersede quinine. Spectacles for Bobskb — Tiie Optician confirms the story that a welUknown firm of optioians in London, manufacture specially constructed spectsicles to be worn by horses. *fhe objeot is to promote ' high -stepping ' - Borses spectacles, we learn, are made of etiff leather. Quite en closing the eyes of the liorse, : andi the glasses employed are deep isoncave And 4arge in aiee. ' Tlie efiect is i:6 give the ground in front of the horse the. appear ance of heing'raised : the animal, there fore, steps high, thinking he 4s going up hill, or haB to step over an obstacle in front of him.- If the fi/istem is persevered with when thcaniinal is young the effects areaaid to be mar^eljous. 'Many ^'b^esJ it is alleged, could be materially improved ' ty a visit to the optician, and jt is recom mended that .the 'sight ^of all horses ahotsld be tested. This partict|1ar]y appiies ,io valuable hunters, whioh arp found opti cally unfit for their: work, when a liitle artificial assistance would make them fts'j useful as ever. Apart from, this con- j aiderotion, many yicesitisl-elieved/might ] be oured by means of eye- glasses. The ] of »§ afalerihort ^g^t. I 