GENERAL NEWS. Mb. A. J. Monukb returned from hia visit to the-.Eastern. Colonics , on Monday morning la«t. M. 1. Marooiaxjs will open his new and comniodius business premises in Avon Terrace 011 Tuesday next, the 16th instant, with a large and well selected ..stock of goods.—.. Advt] The town has been surrounded by bush-fires during the week, and iu somo instances have proved very troublesome. We hear of chains of fencing having been burnt, besides thousands of acres of grazing country. A CRiCKET m&tch; will be played ou the Recreation Ground in this town, to day between a local team and an eleven representing the Wilberforce Cricket Club. ' Br the mail-van which arrived in York from Southern Cross on Thursday afternoon last, 2400 ounces of gold were conveyed. The water question is excit ing much attention, and great hardships are experienced on the road by the teams in consequence of its scarcity. On Saturday night last Professor Gibson, herbalist, delivered an open air lecture at the'Imperial Hotel, There was a largo number of persons present to whom the ProfeesoMold a quantity of pills and other remedies. The Vital spark cQmpany opened at the Od. I fellows' Hall on Monday evening last. The room was well filled with an appreciative audience. The many views exhibited were fully explained by Miss Sutherland, who also reudered a number of popular -songs during the evening. The attendance on Tuesday evening was very small. On Wednes day morning the company left for Nor thara en route to the Metropolis. The annual race meeting in -connec tion with tie Albany Turf Club took place ion Wednesday last. There was a large attendance, a number of * visitors having travelled by rail from various partB of the -colony. The principal race os the day, the Albany Cup, was won by Messrs H. .Osbprn & Co. s Karratha, who also proved successful in the Rail way Stakes. The winner was ridden by E Kirk, a York Jockey. The Maiden Plate was won by Mr Towton's Strike, while the Plautaganet Stakes was carri ed off by Mr Krakouor's Nemesis. The I •Tot'ilisator, worked by the landlord of the " Imperial Hotel," was fairly well ; patronised, the biggest dividend beiug ( on the Cup, which amounted to JE3 3,/-. ' Referring to the sire of Mr Jfyanlc. Craig'B recent importation in horse- flesh, Mount Zeehau, a correspondent in the Melbourne Sportsman says :—Progress has thickened into the model of a stud horse, and Ris beautifully dappled coat shone in the sunlight. He is a true fisherman horse, and has the great back and wide, sprung ribs, and great mus cular quarters, aud deep, strong neck, which evince great constitutional power. He is like a dray horse te follow, and must Borne day beget a horse of his own wonderful power and pace. The case oT Peacock v. Cook, for; assault with intent to ravish, was brought on at the Police Court yesterday , atid occupied the attention of the ltesident Magistrate unhl lunch time. The .accused was defended by Messrs. Spry and AtcOoy. For the defence no evidence was called, Mr. Spry, in the course of his-address stating that ebotfld theaccused be committedfor trial, and the Attornev-GKeneral files a true bill against him, evidence for the defence wiii be fort bee ruing at the Supreme Court. The accused was committed for trial, bail being allowed. A full report of the proceouiugs will appear next week. 