PASTORAL NEWS. STOCK MOVEMENTS. QUEENSLAND. CHARLEVILLE, 3as. 13.—The following are the stock passings400 mixed fats from Glendower Station, travelling downward river to Bourke, John Skuthorpe in charge; 000 store cows from Mexico Station, for Coonatnble, for sale, J. T. Skuthorpe in charge. Very few stock are moving now, as the prices in the Soathern markets are very low. Thunderstorms have been very prevalent during the past week, about lin. of rain having fallen altogether. There are no signs Of bush-fires now ; the oountry looks quite green,! and there is plenty of grass everywhere. The recently | burnt country is beginning to look splendid. The stock is all in good condition, but sales of stock of anydescription are very difficult to effect, and then only at extremely low prices. Oakwood Station is shearing early in March, and lias already got a full complement of shearers, each man depositing £1 as a token of good faith. Wool is stall coming in in large quantities, over 100 teams being at present in the town. The pastoralists are engaging more free teams, and ten will be unloaded at Morven to-day. The station owners insist on their right to employ any carriers thqy Choose, hut the Carriers' Union forbids this, the rule being that the carriers must load in their turn, hence the friction. CUNNAMULLA, Jak. 13.—The weather is change able. After dav6 of unbearable heat the temperature fell to 5Cdeg. last night. To-day a strong south wind is blowing. It is more like spring weather. The showers lost week have freshened up the herbage, and in hollow places there is good springing grass. Most of the stations in this district report a good fall of rain, ranging from lin. to 2in. The bush fires have done much damage to the fencing on the Congoola, Charlotte Plains, Weelainurra, Bundaleer, and Thnrulgoona sta tions. The rabbit-proof fence is reported to be burnt in several places, and rabbits are frequently seen by the townspeople about the sand-hills here. The tem perature for the week shows a maximum of lOOdeg. and a minimum of 66deg. The following are the stock passingsJan. 6—307 bullocks from Mount Cornish'to Bourke, C. B. Palmer in charge. Jan. 6—10,000 sheep from the Mole to Tilboroo, Whittingham Bros, owners, Buchanan in charge. Jan. 8—9,600 sheep from Dubbo to Cb&rleviUe;, J. M*Oormao owner, Charlevflle. Jan. 11—10,000 sheep from Lacian to Dubbo, & G. Keate in charge. The following are the Eulo passings:—Jan. 4—600 bul locks, from Gilmore to Boorama, G. A. Mein owner, B. Hetherington in charge. Jan. 8—331 mixed fats, Clnney to Dubbo, Thos. Batrd and Co. owners, H. J. Hill in charge. 