Genaral Items. SYDNEY, Monday. Tha Assembly to-day counted out directly after meeting. The barque Margaret put into Newcastle : to-day in a leaky condition. She left New- castle on the 2nd inst., laden with coal for Honolulu, and met with the full force of -the recent gales. SYDNEY, Tuesday. William M'C&im;, 28, postmaster at Ultimo, was charged on remand to-day at the Central Police-court "with having embezzled £22. No evidence was offered against him, and he was discharged. A faction fight took place at Grafton this morning. among the Chinese. Dr. Hon Sing and another countryman were seriously mal treated. -The fight originated through liti gation among themselves. At the Water Police- court this morning Herbert Salwav, solicitor, was charged with obtaining £2,500 from dames Balfour, manager of the National Bank of Aus tralasia,- partly by false pretences. . The evidence showed that he stated he had one- third interest in Dover Heights property at Rose Bay, and by these means he gained an overdraft of £3,500, of w|iich he drew £2,500. He was committed for trial to Quarter Sessions, bad being allowed. The . Exchange Bank of Australia . Limited has been ordered to be wound up in consequence of ita alleged inability to re pay a depositor £100. ALBURY, Monday. A somewhat sensational stsfomentkaa been jnadeby _a Chinese Vegetable vendor to several boys with, referenee to the death of Ah Tong, who was foond on the river bank on Friday night, under s tree,- horn which ; he had been hanged, "the body haviDg been : subsequently cut down -by some persons unknown. The Chinaman stated that the deceased own countrymen had hanged him i Because (< him no more workee." The stated ment was, howevr. disbelievSd, for afcrah inquest held on Batorday afternpon th®.!11 returned a verdict of suicide . . ; . u ; Two men working in an abandoned shaft : in the Black Range-, near AHrary, -on Friday ; last struck an -extensive face, the driving ; | along which promises an extraordinary yield. 1 Gold -can be seen in-large quantities through.- ; out, and it is estimated that the- staff will yiGldaboutdOoz.totheton. \"S'c ' v I ? khat ee school . .child|»n,1®kmea Sowiett, j %ad a narrow escaps poiSofled; under -peculiar circumstances. It appeafs "that a nriA w left in charge of a tank oon- taining poisonous wash for using on sheep.. Hisntten tion was called to a bushfire, and he , left the place for a time. The tank contained to ap®BW«nBBrT «nd tiw _iA — thriir ifoftaiifiiMfiirirfiiK "ijI it. TheybadaotgDnefarwheiitiioygot sleepy r and two were unftbliS-to forther, but the teird, who did not drfok foach of foe mix- " iure, managed .to reach I teas and tell her parents-what had happened; Several persons were soon on the scene; Stiftttg emetics were given, and the ohildren Am now out of danger. 