LO0AL & GENERAL NEWS. The glass at the Wagga Telegraph Office on Saturday registered 92 deg. iu the shade, on Sunday 97 and on Monday 101 deg. Messrs. F. L. Barker, stock and station agents, Sydney, write as follows :— 'It is with deep regret that we announce the death of our partner, Mr. J. F. Josephson. \\\ e desire, at. the same time, to inform you mat ine above sart event will cause no change whatever in the constitution of our firm. Mr. Josephson's interest and responsi bility continuing as heretofore. Fs-oin returns to hand it is calculated that the average of the wheat crops in the Wagga district is 11^ acres. At the Wagga Police Court on Saturday, Wm. O'Brien Rowe, was fined 5a. or 4 days in gaol, for being drunk. Miss Miillett, of Young, who about eleven days ago jumped from a vehicle when going to Groug (irong railway station, and struck the ground so heavily that she became in sensible, died on Saturday last, never having regained consciousness. She was buried yesterday. Wm. Cecil, who has been committed for trial at the Wagga Assizes to be held on 31st March, for the wilful murder of Mrs. Sarah Ann Bloomfield, the wife of a selector at Rosewood on 9th February, was brought to Wagga by the mail coach yesterday afternoon. Mr. C. Lyue, the Wagga Inspector of Stock, informed the Temora Land Board on Thursday (says the Independent) that on the stock route alone from Narraburra to Albury there had passed last year more than half a million of sheep and eighty-six thousand head of cattle. The number of sheep travel ling from Temora to Barmedinau last year amounted to SOinetllinir nvpr t.u-n luinripa.i thousand and cattle to ten thousand. Up to the present time for the year 1892 thirty thousand sheep have already been reported at Temora station, as using this route. On Monday week the professional ser- vices of Dr. Grieves were requisitioned in order to attend a little girl named Lily Clyde, the daughter of a new arrival in the town (says the Temora Independent). He found the child suffering from a most severe attack of croup, and that she was in state of asphyxia. Artificial respiration was resorted to successfully, and afterwards the operation of tracheotomy was performed. The little patient has so far progressed favourably, but is by no means out of danger up to the pre sent time. Dr. Grieves is to be compli mented on his skill in the performance of so delicate a piece of surgery, the operation being identical with that under which the late Emperor William of Germany was placed, and which led to such an acrimonious debate between the English and German medical men. A telegram from Tumbarumba, dated Friday, says : — Bush fires are raging furi ously here. Mr. Mate's woolshed, the homestead yards, fences, and grass have been burnt completely by a bushfire on his land south of the town. Two dogs tied up on the premises were also burned to death. A party at Paddy's River Falls suffered serious loss. While they were down the lull at the falls a bush fire started and burnt several sets of harness, several new saddles, and damaged a bnggy, burning in all about £30 worth. One of the party then dis covered the fire and saved the remainder of the things. They had to work hard for several hours to put out the fire, and did not reach town till some time after dark. Mr. Tuohy, coroner, held at inquest at Grahamstowii, near Tumut, on the body of Josiah Jory, an old resident, who was acci dentally killed by the upsetting of a fruit cart he was driving. The verdict was one The Assembly agreed to the amendments of the Council on. the Partnership Bill. The Divorce Amendment Bill third reading was carried by 38 to 18. The Law Practitioners Bill was reported, and the report adopted by 48 to 4. The minority consisted of 4 lawyers, viz.. Messrs. Crick, Dr. Cullen, Want, and Fuller. The report on the Eight Hours Bill was earried on the voices. Mr. Reid asked Mr. Dibbs if he would lay on the table the report of the Civil Service Coin mission before the estimates were intro duced. Mr. Dibbs replied he would not, as he considered the report perfectly valueless. A disastrous fire occurred at Gilinore, near Tumut, on Thursday. It destroyed 500 bushels of wheat, besides stacks of hay and other produce, the property of Thos. Campbell, a farmer. The origin is un kuown. It was only kept from the dwelling-house by great exertion. There was a strong breeze at the time. Several bush fires raged iu the Dubbo district last week, doing great damage to grass and fences. The annual meeting of the Murrumbidgee Pastoral and Agricultural Association ?will be held at 8 p.m. to-day at the Town Hall. An inquest was held in the Narandera court-house on Wednesday upon the body of a female infant which had been found on Saturday week concealed on premises of Mr. J. Rials, at Cudell station. The mother, a single gjirl about 19 years of age, named Clara Dick, housemaid to Mrs. Rials, is at present hi custody, having been brought from the hospital, where she had been under medical attendance since her arrest by the police on Sunday. The jury returned a verdict that the child was born dead. The young mother woe then taken liack to the hospital, and will be charged with conceal ment of birth as soon ss she is able to appear to appear before the bench. Mary Kelly, eighteen years of age, who was severely burned by her clothes acci dentally catching fire at Mundawaddcra on Saturday week, succumbed to her injuries in the Wagga hospital on Sunday morning. Her remains were interred in the Wagga cemetery yesterday afternoon, The Murrumbidgee at Wagga yesterday evening was lft. 9in. above summer level. As will be seen from advertisement, the fruit and musical soiree at the Wesleyan Church will be held to-morrow evening. The Town Band has kindly consented to be pre sent, and will discourse suitable selections of music during.the evening. 11 will ue seen in auouier column i»i Mr. B. B. Bennett, of North Wagga, is a candidate for the vacancy in the North Ward of the Municipal Council, caused by the retirement of Mr. J. Ferguson, Mr. Bennett was a candidate for this ward a few days since, but withdrew in favour of Mr. J. J. M'Grath, who was elected, and voted to the chair. Mr. Bennett has been asso ciated with the agricultural interest of this district within 60 miles of Wagga for fifty years past, and may be said to be well ac quainted with the requirements of the borough for which he seeks election. He claims to be a friend of labour, and has expended over £2000 during the past two years in the work of clearing and cultivating ladd. He was formerly president and trea surer of the Selectors' Union, and & member of the Farmers' Union of Wagga. 