MANAGERS' REPORTS. Compeer, January 23 (by telegraph). Have extended the low level tunnel 24ft., making a total 22Gf t No change. The for- mation still carries gold. East Pinafore, January 23.- Sin ce last re- port the shaft has been sunk to a further depth ot 4ft., making total depth from surface, 123ft.; ground in bottom of shaft continues the Bame as last reported. Oolden Stairs, January 25 -The shaft has been sunk 7ft.; total, 87ft. < The country is still very favourable for sinking. Last Friday the water increased< to 3,000gals. per hour, which compelled the shaft men, to knock off for a couple of shifts. After con- tinuous / baling it eased to I,200gals, per hour, at'which it seemed to remain. The men again started below, and aro timbering and securing shaft, but unless the water lessens sinking further will be slow and ex- pensive work. Every drop of water is coming from the lode side ot shaft, and is I 'believe draining from the lode, as it is strongly impregnated with mineral. Every indication points out the loda to be a main and permsnent one. Hassett, January 25.-Work at the minéis going on very well, and I hope soon to be able to report first 100ft We have had some big bush.fires. The boiler house took fire, as also ray own place. Fortunately our water supply was good, and no damage was done. Junction, January 23. -Have driven lower adit 14ft. Cut shoot of ore, looking well, Expect lode to make batter- a foot or two further. Sunk winze on western lode 15ft., and no water. Lode improving as I go down. Jfemni Victoria, January 25.- During the East week the facn of crosscut in No. 4 adit as been extended a further distance of 5ft,' (with four.mon), making tho total distance 25ft.from peg in, lava seam. The face is mixed up with rubbly quartz and country rock. During the past week the water in the winse has gone down 4ft. * JTmeflrforrirfi), January Î6 (by telegraph). Larje bodv of water flowing into shaft from Eldorado fissure sinco last night. This looks we». oViio Moon, January 2 s.-Two men bava heenenesgudslnkiniron the rich tin formation in tho deep faco. Wo are down 9ft Oin. with the shaft All the stone passed through is rich in tin oro. I crashed 4Jib. of stono which gave over 6oz. of black tin oro. As soon as I uati got tho windlass comploted I will resumo sinking shaft. Paco Bros, have delUored several loads of machinory. I havo five tribiitors at work, all of thom aro on fair tin dirt. iVflio (fohlen Oat«. January 27 (by wire). Cleared battery to-day, obtained 2,22ooz. amalgam. Ttotorting to-morrow. JVeio Golden Gate, January 27 (by tele- graph).-Now mako of stono in winzou'in. wido. making fast, carrying good gold. Silver Queen Extended, January 23 -Low lovel adit advanced 10ft; total, 3.14ft No chango to report. The lost discovorv of rich carbonates in section 1,03 (Queen) is about four chains from our boundary and runs towards us. Star of Mathinna, January 23. - Have driven west crosscut 7ft since starting on the 21st inst Country favourable for driving, and also for the existence of a gold-bearing roef. West Adelaide, January 23.-I mode a start on Monday, tho llth inst, to clear a track for tramway from railway line to the site for main shaft, which was all completed on tho 10th inst, and am clearing the site for the main engine shaft. i«»_ji 