Effect of Settlement on Indige nous Vegetation. The paper which -won the prize offered by the | Royal Society of New South Wales for an essay ! on the effect which settlement in Australia has j produced upon indigenous vegetation was the work j of Mr. A. G. Hamilton. It was read before the Bociety on the 7th of September last, and elicited ] many encomiums. The paper is now in print to be embodied in the society's next report in which it ; ?will fill more than 60 pages. Mr. Hamilton is of j opinion that the chief causes of destruction of the 1 native flora are : — 1. The destruction of forests for I timber, and cultivating the Boil, or improving pastures. 2. By alteration of enrface drainage by | the surface being broken, either designedly or by j cattle. 3. By the overstocking and feeding down of the natural pastures without any means being resorted to for renovating them ; and that the de struction or modification of the flora by climatic alteration, the checking of bush fires, the destruc tion or modification of native fauna and the intro duction of a now flora, 'while they certainly must result in Bome amount of. alteration, yet cannot do j so great an amount of damage as the first group of causes. Further, in the first group the causes j numbered one and three 'are to a great extent capable of being remedied. One - third of *hi« colony's total forests have been swept ] a way since the colony was founded. In clearing for cultivation, the trees are of course the first to suffer. Then during burning off the timber, where that course is resorted to, all the under growth and herbaceous plants are entirely exter minated ; ploughing the ground completes the destruction, and the tract thus cleared never . thoroughly recovers, * even if no crop -be put in - and the ground left fallow to produce what it can. ' An eiainple of- this Mr. Hamilton says may be seen at Heathcote on the Illawarra Hail way line, where large tracts of the National Park were cleared and dug by the unemployed some years ago. Even from the train in passing it is easy to see the vast difference between this piece of country and the adjoining uncleared bush. And a closer inspection will show that a very large percentage of native plants has disap peared completely, and that even the undisturbed Btateof the land for some years has failed to reproduce that which was destroyed.' The damage done to the indigenous plants by clearing does not Btop with the mere killing of the forest trees. The plants beneath them having grown up under their shade, and being adapted for life under such conditions, suffer immediately when the shade is withdrawn. In . clearing land and during the progress of settlement, the surface of the ground is injured in many ways ; in the formation of paths and roads, and in ploughing the ground. When the surface is broken on a slope, no matter how gentle, the protection afforded by the grasses and herbaceous plants to the Boil is . removed, and the surface drainage is altered. Mr. Hamilton gives as an illustration the effect of roads on several of the hill sides near Bulli, and says : — ' Hie injury done by the alteration of surface - caused by settlement is then : First, Actual destruction of forests on the land affected ; second, the altera tion of surface drainage which renders the plants adjacent to the altered area more or less unhealthy, the water being carried off that formerly lay in the ground and supplied moisture to the roots, and the plants beihg affected by the exposure of their roots to heat, cold, and 'winds.' He ex presses himself satisfied that deforesting has not the effect of diminishing rainfall. The influence which bush fires exercise prior to settlement is made the subject, of some very interesting remarks: — 'Most of us know tie great alteration which a bush fire makes in the tract burnt. The coarser undergrowth is destroyed and does not reappear for a long period of time, and the annnal and herbaceous plants have a better chance of flourish ing in such an area the next spring. Then, too, tide bulbous-rooted plants, although their leaves stems are destroyed, come up with renewed vigour after the neifc rain, and also have some amount of advantage given them in the struggle : for existence by the destruction of their coarser and stronger competitors which before cut off so much of the light'and air from them. As a rule, a burnt tract of country is notable for the show of terragfa-inl orchids and- liliaceous plants it makes the following spang. Among plants which are undoubtedly benefited, as far as propagating their species goes,-are the wattles. - ' Th£ alteration in the mechanical and chemical structure of the soil is a point that must not be lost sight of. The burning of quantities of vegetable matter must add potash to the soil, while the great heat chars Bome of the organic constituents of the soil, and alters the clays and cliff pmnlmniniiHy. Such changes must benefit some plants more than others, and hoe again another cause of change occurs. Again after a * bushfire, the surface of the ground having lost its protecting investment of grass, &c.y; would be more liable to erosion in a wet season, and conse quently alterations of surface drainage would take place.' Thus it will be seen that while the bush fire gives with the one hand it takes with the other. ? The destruction of plants effected by rabbits gives Mr. Hamilton a wide field for comment. Their presence is more the caqse of disasters than some observers realise. Overstocking, too, receives Mr. Hamilton's attention. He says ; , ' The pasturing of sheep and cattle damages the j indigenous flora in much the same way as the rabbits do. Given a few good seasons, and owners let their flocks and herds increase to the verge of ! the carrying capabilities of their holdings. When j drought cornea the starving animals devour every vestige of green herbage, pull the roots out of the ground and eat them, and even lick the seed off the surface. I remember once expressing surprise to the owner of a river frontage near Mudgee at the . good condition of his stock in a dry season. He told me that in the spring there had been an unexampled growth of trefoil (Men dicago denticulata) on the river banks, which had produced a very large quantity of seed, and this lying on the ground was licked up by the stock when the herbage failed, and so they kept up their condition till the rains came and brought succulent green feed again. This I was j able to confirm by personal observation subse quently. The same thing occurs also with native plants. What chance have plants to succeed when they are eaten off root and branch and the very seeds licked up off the ground P' j The conservation of food as stores for bad seasons is strongly recommended by the author l and the evils of constantly working the pastures ] fully explained. The explanations regarding the I way in which weeds are introduced are full and particularly interesting, and the paper as a whole may be classed as a valuable addition to the useful literature of the Boyal Society. 