BUNINYONG NOTES. Thursday Evening. ([?] OUR [?] At the invitation of the Blue Ribbon choir, the Temperance Hall was crowded on Tuesday evening with temperance folk desirous of saying goodbye to the Hey. W. R. Cunningham. ex-president, and of welcoming his successor, the Rev. J. A. Burns. Mr Williams occupied the chair. Both gentlemen made stirring speeches, and compliment and the choir and members generally on the excellent work dona during the past year. The ladies and gentlemen of the choir then handed refreshments to those in the hall; and a very pleasant busy half-hour was spent. During the evening an elocutional* and musical entertainment was given by the‘choir and Misses Popplewell and Duly, and Messrs Burns, M'Grath, and Cross. Miss Greaves presided at the organ, A rather extensive bush-fire raged in the vicinity rf Bardies Hill on Tuesday and Wednesday, A start was made near the topof Monmouth Gully, and before the fire was g- 1 under a large area of grass and some fencing were destroyed. Mr Crombie and others ore sufferers by this fire. An old retident of the district informed me to-day that between Hardies* Hill and The Whimholes there is a laige tract of bush country, and that the carters and others from that part are 'most careless in the use of fire. My informant ex* ■pressed his astonishment that disastrous .bush fires are ; •not even more prevalent. Both the Presbyterian and Chu*ch of England Sunday schools are making arrangements for their aunday school picnics, which will be held in the Bal larat gardens next month. Those of us who are becoming weary of the annual water carting are looking forward with interest to Mr Cheechi s report on the water supply. Water from va rious sources his been forwarded to Melbourne for ana lysis, to ascertain if the different springsare off-shoots' from one parent, the tapping of which will settle the difficulty. An expert will vi-it us next month, "When the springs will be at their lowest, to furnish Another report, and then we trust that red-tapeism ’Will be put aside for something practical. ‘ Mr Crosbie, who for 22 years has acted as treasurer- Of the Garibaldi Tent of Rechabites, has tendered his tesignation. The brethren intend presenting Mr Grosbie with a purse of gold as a token of their ap preciation of his lab ws. The proscenium and curtain for the Town Hall are now completed, and, as expected, the appearance of the hall, and also its acoustic properties, are de cidedly improved. A stupid canard has been circulated in a portion of this district to the eff-set that the Hon. D, M. Davies intends leaving Bumnyong, and with that object in *iew has sold his residence. To show there is no ground for the first statement, it need only be mentioned that Mr Davies has purchased one of the finest houses in Buninyong, with the intention of making a permanent home here. Only for the proximity of the general election the matter would he unworthy of space. . Mr Rhys Thomas informed me last evening that be would be unable to stand for the Mining Board, and hence had retired in favor of Mr Frank Coswello. Mr Thomas will be unavoidably absent from Buninyong before and duting the election. 