NMws from the northerr districts give accooun' of destructive tires that are devastating miles of country, destroying stock and valuable property in their progress, the fires starting on Christmas Day, 'lheo firat bush fire in this dis trict nho occurred on the sqaie day, destroying grass and fencinnr. TIIe occurrence of these fires should he a warning to all to use the qtitmit eare in order to prevent bush fires at thii time of the year, The strong winds ihat appear to be the order of this sunnlier would render a fire if properly :tarted the more disastrous and cause it to sweep over uiles of property before it could be checked. Ever without a strong wind the, lentiful supply of griss, wlich is now beconlling as drv as tinder, a bush fire would probably do a vast amount (t damgage before sufficient hands could ie got together to ex tinguisl it. The usoe fpupor by people slooting insitead of leathor, felt, or the wads that \oi he purohased, and the careless lse of m'ntllies by smokers, tle letying of camp firue improperly extin. guidhed -should. 1Ito striotly avoided. 'E"W ri) Vrli iir w-lom wlu 11 Itu u enOOuITiith for' 'in" an'y etler. w4y !h'livbe been pit'dowll ID tho wle ion of the sua on gBAs( bottlet, hilt we vinture to .any lthat if !patiuhe were nued-'with proper ocre' an-1 camp fires quite oxtin .gished therr wmud hle few iush i fires, Vhen it is oi~ oidired that the o rcless sise of a singlenrmuach is lialle to destroy hundreds of poiuns 'vortlh of property, nud may be reniler ind'il.rigns and struggling prople lhomeles-?, c;rl to obviate So disastriiqai l '? l cu.ijrcir.ndc cannot be too - irm!ly impr?smed o\ tho minds atfll; Acoideits of colrla Will occur thlat uan y h?vae the same. effect, bht every prioniot. U aohdlci< ba taiken to prevent e th Ili'ibility of adsidenti. Apart from this li', a1w as rega il hlt1sh fires is very stri t, and the oitln'Matances would haive to. ito ve'y ly ptenqating inrdedt to iiliwv a person starting ai hn!Ull tire :t, e acOlle its consoeqnoeges, 'Plqinly splakihg there could be lno exouse, atUl( i'yoela so itlfor tunate in lHavi\ - t /dlaefenA him ielf In nioh tl c.itlt'e of action, wonld lieo ir;e likely to bj sev-rely doaltv ith li4 i wl ting to others fpr the reniiniilor f f th dry seisoa. tlii? .anything 'el6%-l ' o,? ll iq tts e .iql.ruS?; of all umitclh ali lgurar is hded, every: cautioh hhonid l" i t.i'.kr'h tti4neveit .h_ eo vrrues a ; .o S. WUrA to 'th&e; 'win i< uni'^ 11 .:'. . : -', wIer C~lbntin (.ager I hauls art) ,taano,'ad to ha c) oltlrtia at ltiday, o d ty o r S in a n. ii iei tnote Lill ar ind e aarret a ill ot ai d on IBoxingl r r sPpot. nld on 9 Chlrist ~ C a s R RayN alP n d7 ~ flvly t~stil af0 raof Ilanlly of n si ng<},f'hv tore t i a he lain~ <1 t e(e inga C.- Ti0E cli tr for the pta'I a alto, sa tender iltt~ngh~et tithnko. 1FronM a kearnoy tItII Patnititinto.r 6 itotfliS of t410 und·oon Itotile of bruntly., The HIon wv. A. Zeal, one case of jam 1011,1 raisin and 10lbs cnrrants. Mr t. Ii, beas frIuit, In addition to the firngoinr, as9 revionely ackntowIedgad, Mir ,Joitn Wtilaidi, of Too borar, lkindtly gave I for tIe abttya worthy object, Froet Air G. W. Robinmson 6 bottl s of wine and frtuit for Naw Year, STAR 'mireTLss 4'v BATIIUI9T dTOua a-We re sorry to notice that star Ithetlen are again flotifiariilt in diff'e'ent part9 ablutqnth toh t, and if their progreag is not stayed tIhdYo bid fair in the coursn of tinid to otc'lipy ted ronday unfit for pentgro tIte chinlce part, of tito common along the *creek,? Unthlurat bnrrs nlao give pronmice qi a good trwtu. No time ahould he Int iii erndicauinrg (lip pals, It is to be hoped the dtiire Couocil will take the matter in hand at its noxt mooting and put a couple of mn o so o ito eradicate them. We have nt doubt the Council, in the interests of those who ute tine common, will take the necrseery action now that the, subecot las been · mentioned. Tuc ILLUh'abATaD A\TRALTIN Nwsg -We are in receipt of the January enniher, a copiounly illuatratedl and excellent one. Witiain given a large picture entitled " lmok 'O, in an Aus tralian woolelied,' the artlht Itaving done good justice to. the sultj pt, The other sketches include, " & wh ifflf the briny," " The new Corporatien en tarv works," " leligoland," "The An lo.Australian Bank Officias before the ourt," "The combination cultivator," "t tpionio in the lilack. Sper," " An amnatbr drover a experience," sketehee of the Chnrch of England' irr ammnar echool, nlbourne, and New Ortiwn L\aV Ofseee, 'britionn Market,"Theo nowctrridorcar, livisoiyas tripe to the New Zualand ound of Jay Gould, &c;, There a podintttti amIIoutlt of entertainio the whole making an excelloet n Tu RUNAWAY TRATN ANP p T* T,a.-'-Tie Rendlito' Indepene ~Cassuran--mp too ii-sa-· Hanlsey alonrs Itat uniter consideratioen the official report by Mr Allison S a locomotive se'pcrtintendtent, and 5is. Syttcr,tho acting-trafo manager, 'ning tle recent railway accident near are to a train from Ilonligo. They a tnw decided that the driver, the gear nid the stationmaster ere guilty of bre tea of the regulatlons, The dtiver will fined 40e for running wtithoit his staft, the guartd will be fined 20s for not seceng that the chains of the ciuplingi wiro properly nourcl, and-the atationonantoris t be fleet 10n for not attending to his duty in report. ing the arrival of the tmin without a satal It appears that the train had almost stopped when the boy Paxmnan (sor of a ganger) applied the bleak, but the Caomisitoners recognise that thi intention Te gooad all the semne, and they state that thty will consider in what wvay hle nble corpunsatcd, The report statee in regard to the boy's con duct.:-" it is our plctsingtutty to call your attention to tile nctiot of the boy Paxmnan, who, when the taini was jaasitug Moranting, not only jumped on and splied the break, but gbt out agtin anti tated the break to the whole of the trucks.' The report von cludes by sttatiog th.t none of tthe 18 paesengera were hturt, tid that only a few women were at ci' frightened. 'ehe Sitndard states thai the Datlway Com mnssioners have not y't doolded what reivanr shall be givno to the boy Parton who aoted so pluckily In coinecttote with the recent Kilmore railway arnident. It appearo from a communicatiodi recelved by the Com. missiionecr that pnother passenger clalms the credit of hrvlng stopped the runaway train, and until the two elains have boon thornucbly siftid b1Y the trafilo nithoritles the Commisafnare will withold their prdmisad 'rowvtl. 13uelsqiLa-As referred to my (ill C.oterfljld 'orrt'spondent, . fire oc cnurred on tie north Qoaterield roatd on COhr:etmas Day, ntI as a stiotng north wilith vtns blowile7 tt tIle tilp, it was ftaret iiy ieailot'inj of the town who Mtw the! smoke r1ig,` thart ery n-cla atiderdi~ l dslonuo wgotlt4 tui o5itefoiltr the firy cottlld ht cleckedh The tirei originated in 51) F. htwl eys t pad dock,n hate a tout Qf. qk'al tgo at~lr areqt whnta ,j nygy aI8, ti nt Inecacotieted Iii; \hqtvey vtsittnthly by eon'j so- ~th QItiWstli being plper tWa14 <t b'rt it~hltt (lit rdgitasltn It : silispolo jh tlcfiith olijhristmas Il wrff~ oni ed byj /i apark fronm ta Ino? it itrnin roinn lr" the proi'tts fire ' frmtllu Mr Uiiwtluimy'e paldock the, flit enxtendedt ats Mir be hgerto3ei o bith htroportihe, Ma P. liIins Othstahla lwvyer1 and Mir : Hyhi wcrye wa the birat onndhe groufnd, I. Uwdne3, ]). (Ox, A. *M nnan, . A\lBsri f. Fatrey, I. Furl yu .niJ. t.0ocks arrivinsgifter 'war ; -thee 3e.n I'Vrley bringing a go i tupply of vefrahsn.ll.ptA, whliOci war niqol . llp i ttitl by tlilee wh fyd . lprevioto hibee herd di, war pt the fiu After it ginoti deal of' Ilia6or the die atm it Diri g the afterinon t ewind chnuged to t noutll. If it had t leitat frtn thea orth, atgd r1me fliti Id orosyrd tght r-oart hemj tsyaiy pttott nitty thor t~ won havu gnolet down to Antiinny Ureand doie a great dg I of desiptge to tl iropartie th re aj ill 'tas pher p-it dties . etwvous Ucat olte pnd, Q~oe filelri . Mt D~owvduey tIst tihuont I 30. ' 4chuinina t(iTincintn t nd. 0 o, 60 rc of groeua -The las a'a l 'ley I1 '" 80 nad 100 a pee gra and n f't iityb of nooeir in ditflireet rtldeae. IL! NI ei OP Aila. A. 'tovso,-\Wi I~c ilIidl to billie lbut AMr Ahxlexanr Yo')lIIl whlose seriolu, illneas wne ientioned I<I5 iR 'k, sland who i under the rontretont Of Dr lEalor, is now Inlproving. b 'SHl R FdDENrT Ti.rN G3~'ptsTROPM) a -W\Ve au i plased ti~dt lin l tlihit a i: to W}1t n'n who who recent' yJ 'iP i. Vr by i train at South Tenthioote l tin,Ais aprogressinig OIvonably 0ttilie lIjnliital, under the. Goe vf Dr Bond, s ISALE ATr yatystipy;-WO Wqipld r liretoatten0tion to the alvertise.loft of r the slb Ily Mr SiuiY for i'f AMLhiin pn 'fbirI'sjaiy ie5ittlt 1nwqv sley, pattle, rolleping uanclhins &;, aid o l) Otliei a ccoun ts cittle ind sheep, FIne AT RnDCASTLE,-lt will VI eeni on rofei'oencO to ouF Opsteflild cLorrevpondtence tiiat a ilestrpc~ive fire occnirruud at Mr M' Kee's Albion ilotel, firdCastle, by which a greatol parl! of tI1e property waja destroyed, SNAKCE,-- brown snne nbout' aft Gin long was killed in dte 0pipket Reserve by Master Willigin Conke qud Master Wiliai AfnreJoplh tnq.lsy. Ml'ustnr Cooks walked over iti without noticing it, ihven Master Murdoch, who was walking behipd Itim, saw .it, IdPoRTA T SALE nil lIQUSElIOLD UvicnTUiC,.. &.i-We would agaib rnmninhl our eadere of the sale, by Mosars a Stanip for Pr, 0 ark, ticildri d luvrfisement. lie sale is to t 'e pluc? at Dr'. Clark's reeidence at 2 o'clock. A VaITRnAN AT BusaumasE,--We are plkased to note that Constable Davyor, who is quite a yeteran at bushfires, and who bhs done good service in this distriot for years in musteurng hands god working to prevent the spread of fires, was at his poet at the first fire of the season on the Costerfleld hoed, on Christmas l)ay, dolng good work as usual, CneIsarsAs Cnsasn.-An appeal recently appeared in our columns, to provIde Cbrist mas cheer for the nld jioplo recoiving aitd from tbo 1leathcoeo Lad lea1 Binevolrnt tioniety, it gives pa pleasure to state that the qppeal met with a respoone from Mrs Ut. Wood, Mrs 8. hI. Brown and Dr Bond, Thi two ladles mentioned provided Christ. mas cheer for all the old 1eople on the Ladles' Benevoleint SooIety lst, Dr Bond providing tobnceq. It is needless to say the kitd gifts were lilgaly apprcclite tby the old people. PLE8SYTsCsIAN Olpcuaoc.-The induor fion of the lFev. .William 0, M'Donald, 1iA., into the charge of St. Andrewsv Churoh, ieathoote, took placs last night (Wednesday.) There was a large con gregation present at the ceremony. The Rev, Ifr'Iobertaon, ofOstleleuainc, preached and presided. atm the servie,. Rev. Mr Mrtewers of Maglehawk, related the steps, which hlid led to Mr AI'Donald'a call and gettlement in the oharge, The Rev, Mr James, of Bendign, after the induction was qvei, addressed the Minister and pepple. 9ibsaeqstly a piublio meeting was held, and addrogaen were given by the Minister of thli Churolh, and also by his other Rev. Geztlemen presept in tho conirs of the eyening. Un Siniatlly next the 1ev, Mr APDoneld will haye special servicus for tihe new year1 On Spiiday evclning thu subject will ibe I Revisw aof past yearCi and lueaos fpr necy yeUr." ' 