A USEFUL FENCE. Sir, — A 8 this country is so liable in summer ts be devastated by bushfires, it seems strange that so little has been done towards securing a class of fence which shall be inde truetible by the devouring element. 1 he experience in thin direction of a gentleman of Tovmsville — Mr. Henry Butler — who is welt-known to many Queens landers in Perth, in utilising the agave plant, may to Western Australians prove highly useful and interesting, on the score both of the value of the plant ae a fibre and for its quality for the resistance of fire and the ravages of insect life. Mr. Bntler says that fer twenty years he had been on the lookout for Borne material cr plant to fence with, impervious alike to the effects of fire, draughts, or white ants. About fifteen years ago he came across an aj;ave plant lying above high-water mark at the mouth of fiesb Creek on the mainland, and it immediately struck him as being most suitable for his purpose. How the plant came there is a mystery, end Mr. Butler can only assume that it bad been introdu ced about twenty years ago, possibly by the cotton planters on Boss Island. Any way he took care of the plant, aad has now a fence which is impregnable to cattle, pigs, or goats, stands fire and drought, and has been in existence for the hist ten years. Mr. Butler's method of fencing is to plough a ridge along the line of fencing and to put in the young plants at distances of 2ft. apart Nothing more need be done till the second year, abont which time tbe fence of plants will be about 2 ft. high. He then trims off with a sharp knife or spade all side shoots ; in fact this should be done in any case every year. About the thrd year the plants commence to send up a pole, which must be cut off, otherwise when the pole has seeded the plant would die and leave a gap in the fence. Daring the fourth year the plant fence will be about 5ft. high and 4ft. wide, but it can be trimmed to a narrower width if necessary, and the trimmings used for fibre production. The fence will now be both ornamental and, as Mr. Butler says, proof agaiobt everything ; no cattle will try it, horses give it a wide berth, and goats dare not look at it ; it is fire proof and white ant proof, and lasts for ever without repair. From ' Boro Polo's ' description of the sisal hemp plant in the Queenslander in May last year, Mr. Butler is of opinion that his plant is the Agave sisilana; it is certainly one of the Agave family, and if found not to be an A. siulana, is nevertheless equally valuable for the purpose for which be oses it. His plants are growing on beach sand, and very poor at that, which speaks wonders for the vital ity und hardiness of the agave, of whose seed it may prove worth the while of some body here to jbtain a supply. AMATEUR. 