LUCIWD4LE (From onr own Correspondent.) February 29. The annual meeting of the Woman's Christ ian Temperance Union took plaoe in the Institute Hall on Weiines<lay, the 17th inst.,, the presence of Mrs. Micbolls, Colonial Presi dent, having the effect of bringing a large gathering. Mr. James Biddoch occupied the chair, and Mr. J. A. Hensley, for Mrs. Hens ley, read a yearly statement of the progress made by the branch, which showed that it has done good work during its existence here. The Chairman, in opening the meeting, said he peisumed they came to hear Mrs. Nicholls, and not him, so, therefore, he would not detain them long. During the short time he was on his legs the Chairman lent a strain of humor to bis speech by informing those present that he was tired through cleaning out water-holes and suppressing bush-fires, and therefore was not equal to giving them a lengthy .speech, and exhorted his hearers to abstain from strong drink. Usually when people have to work hard cleaning water-holes and suppressing bush-fires they go for a long shandy—at least, J that has been my experience when lused to do ! such work. _ ] The usual monthly meeting of the Band of Hope was held here on Saturday, the 20th inst., when an interesting programme of snngs and recitations was giren. These meetings ' seem to be gaining in popularity, judging by ■ the large attendance that was present. We had the Band Board here on Friday, but tbeir work was of a light nature, only having ! evidence to take with reference to a few trans fers. (The business v.ilKbe found elsewhere.] The Board are going to have a great deal of inspection to do about here how, and they are going to p,»y Lncindale" an other visit at the end of the week. : A meeting of ratepayers was held in the Institute on Friday afternoon to appoint dele gates to give evidence-before the Drainage Commission. Mr. F. Hall was voted to the chair. Messrs. HaU.Melnnes, Carmichael, Jv'ewman, Perry, Duttqri * Tavender, and Dow were appointed delegates to give evidence before the Commission. It is a pity the Chair- < man does not put his foot down more firmly,, and not allow so mncb irrcvelant talk, as some, j to my .knowledge, must have spoken a dozen J times without any bearing whatever on the morion before the chair. Then, again, the 1 meeting bound the delegates down when giving j their evidence not to commit themselves as j to whether these benefited by the drains would pay anything-towards'the making of them, but the Government must bear the whole ex penditure for the benefit of the few who will profit by the drains. Is not this knocking, at the Government door with a vengeance ? The result of the cricket match between Lucindale and Conmurra has already appeared in your paper, and, as I predicted, the result in my last letter to you, it is pleasing to me- that it has been fulfilled. Our boys were in hopes that they would be able to journey to Kingston to play a match there on Saturday next;, but, unfortunately, the ex-secretary, Mr. Dodge, has informed our secretary that they cannot raise a team of cricketers at Kingston now. So our cricketers will have to look further afield to get a match on. The weather is getting warm again. 