I VJiliïJLATlA'O WAFTS. I I TO THE EDITOR Or THE HERALD. ^ I Sir,-In to-day's issue 01 your papor bsniUi drayys attention to tho great number of ventuatuig shalts that aro beiug hxed m uud urouud Sjaaey, aud expresses a leal that tho deadly gases irom U» drams ot tho low-lying purts oi the city may eat« und infect tim an or the houaeB on a higher lera. Noyv, this objection to aoncr ventilation hu Wen ruiaed a great many timos, both here and in omet countries, but is a not very senouo objection, aa nu« authorities on sumtatiou ugn o that orgauio genus in Bewer gas aro quickly owdiaed aud destrojea ej contact with Ireau air .""I,. It will bo apparent, tberelore, that eflicumtvuiu' latiun ot druuih and sewers, by causing a co»T«T current ol lre«h air to pass through overy patt, <T havo tho oiiect ot rendering the gases innocuous w dilution with a sumcieut quantity ol fieaa air, tu dilution taking placa m ttio drains theniteltev» thoro 13 not so much reason to ftai evil results non tho " deadly gases " as " ¡sumías " suppci » Without euch breathing places tor our tarniIUHW is no doubt tho drains ot the lower ports of the or/ would bo aeoiiBtaut source ot danger to tie aigner parts, aud then instead of tho ' vent tto JW» .'of one houao weuld bo tho diseuse producer ot ""A?1" proof of what I say, a remarkable coincl; deacons to the cause of the ^"«"»«?'"'í!T fever which took place at certain Intel vals at Croju« (Euizland) is that dueases winch formerly I""1 "sea Lunts in the lowly.ng districts, « ero aausforrei after the completion ot the drainage work»to u» highest and best portion of tho town a»»T muoduction in lbbb ot sjstçmutio y euf''lat'T V1,^ havo been no periodical outbreaks of feyer, ana ins mortality, wild, it is stated reached as birt « 28 o7 pet 10ÜU in 13od, no» rareh exceeds iBptt 1000, which rate comparos lay our ibly »ita any tom of ita »izo in tho world, i'leutj otinstanccs couMM given if space ullowed, but oueis sufficient lor BJ ^Hrth renard to that " odour of distant burning'» which « Äs "fancied m.fcht be dilute «.*«$. that can ousilj bo traced to the many bushfire >W papers said »ero burning, or, to como nearer ton^ to the mau} chimneys tnc smoko ot which wow bo blown oyei auri} Hills, wliiih is the f"'n«J°-{ confondent says »us troubled with the odour J think 1 may say .without costiauictiou, that tiiereii uvaVdfiucointhesmoUof sover gas and bur». nig material ,. ." to ti» ioui correspondent is perhaps "g" T «° T mouths of bO.ua ol tho vent pipes being » du,6e"T pioiimity to windows, but tho caaos nie iw m which tbat occurs As'to complaints yvh. eh hojV aromado, m lu cases out ot 2U they »rf ST u and oniy made through ignorance ol "££-'Td «,, the public importance ot this .»WiL» kuoyy ledge that the opinions eypies»»i I Ä uro shared by thousand», must be in> apology«» onoroachlUB on your ittluablB space n0HANi eucroacimig f^¡.¿""""'" "'-¿7 J. BOCHAN. December Iii. 