ELEVEN millions sterling of the actual savings of the Victorian people have been locked up by the failures of financial institutions in 1891-92, and the result to the unfortunate deposi- tors and shareholders is an income in the shape of interest and dividend of about £700,000, has vanished. This is enough to account for a great deal of the depression which unmis- takably afflicts the country, but this does not exhaust the story. The shrinkage in the value of shares over the three cities of Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide is assessed by the Bank- ing and Insurance Record at not less than from thirty to forty millions sterling. And although in many cases these shares are still held by original holders, whose loss is merely that which they thought they had, and not that of anything they really had, yet those who bought in at high prices have seen their capital positively annihilated. What has become of the people who bought Melbourne Tram shares at from £8 to £9 in 1890, or Broken Hills at £12 or thereabouts in the same year ? It is useless self-deception to set the shrinkage down as a mere temporary blight. Much of the capital has been swept away, irrevocably wasted during its short stay in the hands of those who sold. It was spent in grand balls and sumptuous dinners, and fine houses and luxurious surround- ings, and under the influence of the inevitable fall the money itself has actually disappeared. A new growth will come by and bye, but only as the result of persevering industry, pain- ful economy, and new savings. The interest received while the boom lasted was obtained by writing up values, was paid out of capital, and, of course, the chief wire pullers re- ceived the greatest share of it, which they spent in the lavish manner that invariably characterises the outlay of lightly won money. The losses en- tailed by the collapse of the Davies Companies alone are calculated at be- tween four and five millions, of which £2,742,699 are thus divided—Mer- cantile Bank, £805,408 ; Colonial In- vestment and Agency Company, £296,711; Freehold Investment, and Banking Company, £526,512; and last and worst of all, the English and Australian Mortgage Bank, £1,054,068. These are the amounts absolutely given up as wholly lost by the liquidators, but when actual realisation comes, a large sum may still have to be added to these stupen- dous figures. Just at the very moment when these frightful losses were revealed, and just as their effect had been heightened by revelations of wholesale rascality and chicanery, there came a sudden fall in the prices of Australian products. Wheat has come down to rates unprecedented in the present century; wool is exceedingly low, and not likely to rise to anything like its former price in the next four or five years; and public credit, under the double blow of vast losses diminishing the national capital, and a decline in prices lessening the national income, reeled and sank far below any level that had been thought possible. That, in spite of all these shocks, the affairs of the State are not utterly disorgan- ised and that commercial life is main- tained unbroken, if not unshaken, are facts which justify the hope of a reasonably early return to a better state of public feeling. At present there is no doubt that enterprise is numbed, that the most courageous of the people are cowed and apprehensive, that no man feels as if he could trust his neighbor, and still less like joining in any enterprise which would entail the necessity for putting confidence in the class who furnish promoters and managing financiers. The officials who, after dividing among themselves the funds of depositors, appropriated to make up the astounding item “ interest credited but not received,” now indig- nantly proclaim their spotless innocence and deplore “ the waste of creditors' money” involved in bringing them to book, have perhaps succeeded in keep- ing their own skins safe, but they have taken all energy and life for the time out of the community which trusted them. The natural result is that those who have any money left cling to it, and will not use it; that the banks, holding reserves of unprece- dented magnitude dare not make ad- vances or diminish their cash-in hand, lest some new misfortune should make a further drain on their resources; and that, under these circumstances, they have practically ceased to invite de- posits by dropping the rate of interest to a figure which does not exceed that which can be obtained on the still un- impeachable security of Government stocks. Indeed, it is understood that the rate of interest allowed on deposits, now four per cent., may come down to three per cent., at which figure it stood during the whole of 1881. So little did the banks in that year desire to increase their deposits that a promi- nent and well-known citizen of Balla- rat, who, being about to visit Europe, desired to deposit £20,000 to earn a trifle for him while he was away, was obliged to travel from bank to bank, half over the city, before he could get rid of the money as a favor. At present the associated banks certainly have a plethora of money. They held at their last quarterly return £5,179,257 in actual coin and bullion. This is not only an unprecedented amount, but also an unprecedented proportion of gross liabilities. Three years ago they held £6,553,037 or 54-96 per cent of the deposits at call and note circulation. A year after that the sum had risen to £7,183,319, which was about 574 per cent, of their immediate liabilities. Last year they held 62-33 of the amount of their de- posits at call and circulation, in cash, and now the per centage of coin and bullion is 74 - 25 per cent, That is, that if every current account were closed at once and every deposit drawn, and every note presented, the actual cash in hand would pay £74 5s in every hundred pounds before a single attempt was made to call in the advances of the banks, to collect the debts due to them, or to sell their properties. As the excess of assets over liabilities is re- turned at £21,534,187, it is evident there is ample security, to say the least of it. Why, when the banks are allowing such low rates of interest their shares should fall so much in value, it is not easy to explain, ex- cepting by the circumstances alluded to above, with which they manifestly had nothing to do. The legitimate banks are suffering for the sins of the wild-cat institutions, which went with a crash at the end of 1891, and many an investor who never had anything to do with the DAVIES companies owes the loss of a great part of his capital to the unscrupulous financing of those extraordinary associations. Public confidence must, however, revive, and money cannot for ever lie idle. Pru- dence would counsel care and caution, not inaction. Capitalists can still find honest men to carry out their schemes if they look for them, and cannot go wrong in developing the productive interests of the country. Wine, fruit, butter, cheese, and dairy produce may with proper attention, in a very short time make up all the losses caused by the Land Banks and Investment Com- panies. IN criticising the action of the Govern- ment at this juncture the public must remember that the crisis is very real, and the circumstances such that nothing but trenchant measures will meet them. The estimated income of the year was stated by Sir Graham Berry at £5,969,702, but the Mini- stry only expect to receive £7,450,000, or £1,519,702 less than that amount. And as only 89 working days remain of the year, their estimate is pro- bably very near the mark. Therefore they have already cut down the esti- mated expenditure of the year by £312,000, leaving the actual deficiency £800,000. This takes no account of the deficit of last year, which was £960,000, making a total of £1,760,000. By means of an issue of Treasury bills, £750,000 of this sum is carried for- ward, to be paid when we are a little richer, and the Government, see- ing that the next year’s income cannot be calculated at more than £100,000 beyond that of the present year, has resolved to cut down the expenditure by £650,000, and so make both ends meet without attempting new taxation. The beginning is made at the top. Salaries of Ministers are to be reduced by about one-third, and salaries of members by one-sixth. The Ministers will lose £1000 out of £14,000, and members will lose £4750 out of £28,500. Of course there will be great opposition and ill-feeling among members, but they must be content to bear a portion of the loss, and must make the best of it. If any of them should feel insulted and resign because their pay is not held sacred, little harm will be done, and sooner or later, cheaper patriots will be found to take their places. It is fit that politicians should bear their share of retrenchment, but much must be done in which they can have little part. A great saving is to be effected by amalgamating departments, thus sweeping away unnecessary com- plications in work as well as super- fluous officials. The departments of Lands and Agriculture, Water Supply and Mines, Public Works and Health will thus be joined, and very few people will understand how they ever came to be separated. The defence department will be joined to the Treasury, the Premier’s department abolished altogether, and the cost of defence itself is to be reduced by £60,000 per annum. At present the Cabinet is said to be hesitating whether to disband volunteers or militia. All Civil Service work is to be re-graded, in order to make the payments repre- sent something like value received. The system of annual increments is to be suspended, and all officers for whom no work can legitimately be found will be called upon to retire from the ser- vice. This will create a great outcry, but why should the country keep men “for whom no work can legitimately be found?” What man worthy of respect would stop in a service where he had nothing worth doing to do ? The men so retired will in all cases have something in the shape of retiring allowances to receive, and will there- fore suffer no great hardship. By excluding from the public schools those children who are above and below the school age, and by amalgamating certain schools, by abolishing payments for extras, by closing the Training College, and curtailing the mainte- nance vote, a big saving is to be effected, and the Railway Department is to furnish £130,000, in addition to the £250,000 already saved by the new commissioners. The Public Service Board, which has been a failure, is to be replaced with a council of heads of de- partments, who are to do the work at a tenth of the cost, and as they are already paid there is no reason why they should cost anything at all. These are the chief changes on which ministers rely. Some of them will be severely criticised, and others will be felt as harsh by the people to whom they apply. But there is no gain saying the fact that a sura of £650,000 cannot be saved without cutting down somebody’s emoluments, and the grum- blers might find some difficulty in making any acceptable alternative suggestions. The Church of England Assembly for the diocese of Ballarat commenced its sittings yesterday, when an eloquent and exhaustive address was delivered by the bishop to an interested audience. The afternoon session was devoted mainly to a discussion on the address. Some formal business was trans- acted, and the assembly adjourned until 3 o’clock to-day. At night a choral service was held in Christ Church Pro Cathedral. A report of yesterday’s proceedings will be found elsewhere in The Star. The pro- gramme for to-day is as follows:—10.30 a.m., devotional meeting, Christ Church Hall; 3 p.m., session. City Hall; 6, tea, Christ Church Hall; 7, evensong, Pro Cathedral; 7.30, session, City Hall. By some unknown means the timber on Mount Warrenheip caught fire about 10 o'clock yesterday, and burnt throughout the day. The burning mount presented a mag- nificent spectacle in the evening, when the flames rose to a considerable height, spread- ing rapidly in a southerly direction. The fire raged all night, but so far as is known no damage was done to any of the adjoining reserves, the burning being confined to the mount. The farmers and others in the immediate vicinity are anxiously watching the fire, which they expect will burn for a couple of days. A representative and influential meeting of gentlemen interested in the Home Rule Bill now before the British House of Com- mons was held at Brophy’s hotel last even- ing. Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., occupied the chair. Amongst those present was the Rev. William Currie, of Surrey Hills, Mel- bourne. Expressions of sympathy with Mr Gladstone in his illness, and hopes for his speedy recovery were expressed. The new bill was discussed and its principles accepted. The hope was expressed that in committee the main features of the bill, while being criticised, and, if necessary amended, would be passed in their most acceptable form. It was resolved that cablegrams to this effect be sent to Mr Gladstone. At Iast night’s meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee, the sub-committee which had been appointed to consider the applica- tion of Messrs Brown and party to mine under the eastern portion of the reserve, recommended that permission be given sub- ject to restrictions to be embodied in an agreement to be drawn up by the commit- tee's solicitor. The annual matches of the Ballarat Rifle Club are being held during this week at their ranges. Winters’ paddock, and they are proving most successful, as the prize money (viz., £415) has brought many competitors from all parts of the colony, included amongst them being many crack shots, of whom may be mentioned Major Umphelby, Lieut. Eales, Sergeant Hawker (winner of the Sydney Queen’s Prize), Mr P. Fargher (M.B.C., winner of .the V.R. A. Queen’s Prize); and it is needless to say some excellent shooting has been done by them as well as other good shots. To day is to be devoted to a friendly match of seven shots at 400 and 500 yards, between teams of seven picked men from each of the respective com- panies and clubs, viz : — 3rd Battalion, Queenscliff Artillery, Ballarat, Great Western, Eaglehawk, Learmouth, and Egerton rifle clubs, commencing at 8 o’clock sharp. In the evening the various clubs are to be entertained at a smoke-night at McKenzie's refreshment rooms, in Lydiard street, to which all the visitors are cordially invited by the committee of the Ballarat Rifle Club. The Barwon Regatta, which will take place on the Barwon River to-day, has amused a keen interest amongst our local rowing men, and a good number have signified their intention of journeying down with the crews which will leave Ballarat this morning hy special train. Judging by the excellent form shown by the local crews at the late regatta, it is anticipated that they will hold their own to-day. The superintendent of police was yester- day informed by telegram that the dead body of a young girl, supposed to be Emma Vincent, whose parents reside in Scott Parade, Ballarat East, had on the previous day been found lying on the railway line near the Great Western. How or when the fatality occurred is not known. None of the enginedrivers who went over that line on Monday noticed anything unusual, while no traces of blood are discernible on any of the engine wheels, all of which have been closely examined. An enquiry will be held to-day, and Mr and Mrs Vincent will leave here this morning for the purpose of identifying the body. Mr Vincent states that his daughter left here some 10 months ago to go into service with a family at the place named. She frequently wrote to her mother, but had not replied to the last letter which was sent by the latter some two months ago. The young woman, who was 25 years of age, and the eldest of a family of 12, was subject to fits, and it is presumed that whilst crossing the line she was seized with paroxysms, and falling before an ap- proaching train, was run over. The Ballarat fire bell rang out last evening about 7.30, the supposed fire being in the direction of Chamberlain street, off the Mel- bourne road. The brigade proceeded quickly to the spot, but found that the cause of alarm was due to a burning rubbish heap. A special sitting of the City Police Court was held yesterday afternoon, before Messrs McDonald and Morrison, J’s P., in order to deal with an affiliation case, in which a woman named Foley sued a man named Monahan for the maintenance of her child. Mr Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Tuthill for the defendant. The hearing of the case came before the court on the 22nd February last, and after occupying over two hours was adjourned till yesterday. The cross-examination of the plaintiff was resumed, and extended over two hours. Miss Theresa Foley also gave evidence, and the testimony of David Foley was partly taken when Mr Tuthill applied for the case to be adjourned, as the hour was late, and he was fagged out, having been in court since 10. Mr Barrett objected to the adjournment, as his witnesses had to come a considerable distance, and it was not fair to them. The magistrates suggested that the court should sit until 7, but Mr Tuthill said if such was done he would have to retire, as he was exhausted. Mr Barrett, after some discus- sion, suggested that the case be adjourned until 9 a.m. this morning, which was finally agreed to. A farmer named Daniel Waite, residing between Buninyong and Navigators, called at the office of the Superintendent of Police yesterday, and reported that, during the previous night someone entered his premises and chopped the shafts off one of his drays. This, he says, is the second time the offence has been committed, and he has a strong suspicion as to the perpetrator. The police will enquire into the matter. At the City Police Court yesterday, Edward Jenkins was charged with assault- ing Constable Perkins at the show grounds on the occasion of the late railway employes' picnic. The offence was proved by Con- stables Perkins and Rogerson, and a fine of £5, or one month's imprisonment, was im- posed. Mr Tuthill appeared for the defence. Henry Kelly, charged with vagrancy, was sent to gaol for two months, with the under- standing that, if a vacancy occurred in the Benevolent Asylum, the defendant should be transferred to that institution. Two men, arrested for drunkenness were discharged, and one of them contributed 5s to the poor box. Edward Jenkins and William Spears, who are charged with an alleged robbery of black sand containing gold, and are also charged with vagrancy, were remanded to appear at the Allendale Police Court this day week. An affiliation case, Purkitt v Ryan, was postponed till a day to be fixed. Mr Barrett appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Tuthill for the de- fendant. Colonel Greenfield and Messrs Retellack, Curthoys, O’Day, and Rail, J’s.P., presided. It appears that a large number of firms required by law to register under the Regis- tration of Firms Act have failed to do so, and the Registrar-General’s department de- sires it to be mentioned that any person or persons, whether in partnership or not, trading under a name or firm which does not represent the actual proprietor or proprietors, must register, by the end of this month. The penalty for failing to do so is £5 for a first and £10 for any subsequent conviction. The entries for the Autumn Show of the Ballarat Horticultural Society, which takes place on Thursday and Friday, 16th and 17th inst., closed last night at the Alfred Hall, when over 700 were received. This is about 130 in excess of the number at the last Autumn Show, indicating that the public interest in these matters is an in- creasing one. One healthy feature can be noted in looking over the list—the in- crease of visitors comes chiefly from the amateur and cottage garden classes, showing that the love of horticulture is broadening and deepening, and taking a hold in a direc- tion from which the best results may be expected to follow. Given fair weather during the next few days, an excellent exhibition will be prepared for the Ballarat citizens. Whilst being conveyed to the City lock-up last evening on a charge of drunkenness, Peter Collins fought so desperately that on reaching the watchhouse a second charge of resisting Constable Slater in the execution of his duty was preferred against him. The other occupants of the cells were two drunkards, and a man named Thomas Allan, who had been arrested by Constable McLen- nan, charged with attempting to impose upon the Ballarat Gas Company. The quar- tette will be brought before the Police Court this morning to answer the charges. Thanksgiving services in connection with the church anniversary of the Primitive Methodist Church, Humffray street, were held on Sunday, when the Rev. W. Hunt preached two excellent sermons. In the afternoon an enjoyable service of song was given by the Warrenheip choir to a very large congregation. The anniversary cele- bration was continued last evening, when a tea meeting, which was numerously at- tended, was held in the schoolroom. The tea, which was free of cost, had been provided by the lady members of the congregation, and the tallies were attended to by Mesdames Llewellyn, O’Connor, Quarrel, Seddon, and Wilcox, and Misses Quarrel, Dans (2), and Cromp- ton (2). A public meeting was afterwards held in the church, which had been most beautifully decorated. Mr Hicks, of Sebas- topol, took the chair, and appropriate ad- dresses were delivered by the Revs. Hunt, Scurr, Turner, Wilson, and Hartlett. Special music of first-class quality was rendered by the choir, under the leadership of Mr Crompton, the duties of organist being efficiently attended to by Miss Crompton. The friends of Mr Chilver Wilson, who was well-known in musical circles in Bal- larat, will be pleased to learn of his great success as a vocalist in the old country. On the occasion of Mr Wilson taking part in the opera, “ Lucrezia Borgia,” which was per- formed in connection with the local Lieder- tafel. The Star commented very favorably on his performance from a music stand- point, and the opinion expressed then has been amply borne out, judging by the press notices which have appeared in numerous English papers, and which we have had an opportunity of reading. A male lunatic was committed to the Ararat Asylum by the magistrates presiding at the City Police Court yesterday. The necessary certificates were signed by Drs Jordan and Pinnock. A young man was charged at the City Police Court yesterday with betting in the street. The defendant pleaded guilty, and stated that he had acted without thinking he was doing wrong, and had simply made a small shilling book on the Newmarket and Australian Cup. The chairman remarked that it appeared as if it was a case of ama- teur bookmaking, and just as a warning the bench would impose a tine of 1s. Constable Shortill proceeded against Richard Grills for cruelty to animals. According to the evi- dence of the prosecutor, it appeared that the defendant had been working two horses which were suffering from sores, and the wounds were in a very bad state. Mr E. P. Wynne prosecuted for the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, and Mr Tuthill appeared for the defendant. The latter gave evidence that on the day in ques- tion the weather was very hot, and as the horses were in a very soft state they easily galled. The horses had only been working for a week, and just previous to that had come off the grass. The bench thought that the offence was committed more through an oversight that anything else, and a fine of £1, with £3 2s costs, was imposed. Con- stable Brown proceeded against Thomas Reid for obstructing the street with a con- veyance. A fine of 5s was imposed. There was a good attendance at the monthly meeting of the Tailoresses' Union held at tile Trades’ Hall last night, when a large amount of routine business was trans- acted. A large audience assembled last evening in the Dana street lecture hall, when the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, B.A., re-delivered his able and interesting lecture on the “ Huguenots.” Mr W. Coltman, J.P., oc- cupied the chair. The lecturer held the at- tention of his audience front start, to finish, frequent bursts of applause testifying to the appreciation felt. The lecture was spendidly illustrated with limelight views, shown by Mr D. Kelly. During the evening a Bible, the property of a lady member of the con- gregation, and which was originally the pro- perty of her grandfather, who was a Hugue- not refugee, and escaped to England con- cealed in a barrel, was exhibited and created much interest. The entertainment, which was in aid of the funds of the Christian Workers Association, was most enjoyable and a thorough success. The monthly smoke-night in connection with the Ballarat Cycling Club was held at the club rooms last evening. Mr Cameron occupied the chair, and there were about 30 members present. A most enjoyable time was spent, and some capital songs were sung by Messrs Cameron, Book, Frohm, Davis, Bennetts, Dally, and others. A novelty was also introduced in an exhibition of thought reading by Mr Franklin. The Cycling Club is now very strong, and the monthly smoke nights tend to foster a friendly feeling between the members. The business to be dealt with at the City Police Court yesterday occupied an unusual length of time. The ordinary sitting of the Court lasted until after 1 o'clock, and at half past 2 a special sitting of the court was held, which lasted until a quarter past 5, when the further hearing of the case under consideration — an affiliation summons — was adjourned until this morning at 9 o'clock. At a meeting of commitee of the Ballarat Mechanics' Insitute; present — Messrs Bickett (vice president), Marshall, Rawlings, Downes, Acheson, Jack, Jackson, Thomp- son, Woolcott, Horsley, and Wray, the libraryt committee reported that the work of stock taking and re numbering the library was proceeding slowly in consequence of the difficulty in getting the books in. Although it was seven days after the date when they were to be returned there were still 116 members who had not complied with the notice. An effort would be made to open the library on Saturday, so as not to incon- venience the great body of members, but it wpould take a week after that to complete the work. The matter was left in the hands of the library committee to take such action as they may deem fit with respect to the de- faulters. A man named John Hooper, a carter was charged at the Town Police Court yesterday wkith drunkenness, resisting Constable Gar- diner, and assaulting Constable Serpell. On the first charge a fine of 5s was imposed and for the two other offences a fine of 10s in each case. Three other persons charged with drunkenness were discharged. An Assyrian woman named Mary Antoni was charged with vagrancy. It appears that on the pre- vious evening the woman, who had a child in arms, gave herself up to Senior-constable Nedwell, being in destitute circumstances. A remand for a week was granted. A few debt cases and the granting of hawker’s license complsted the business. Messrs Turpie, Pearce, and Josephs, J's.P., pre- sided. A very enjoyable and interesting meeting of young men was held at the W.C.T.U. rooms last night, when the following pro- gramme was exceedingly well rendered by the Macarthur street Band of Hope. — Songs and choruses; recitation, Mr J. Hoskin; song, Miss E. Stewart; recitation, Mr J. Porteous; song, Miss B. Dunstan; recitation, Mr J. Gazzard; song, Mr C. Hoskin. A publican named George Stephen Ede was proceeded against at the City Police Court yesterday, for two alleged breaches of the Licensing Act. Mr Tuthill appeared for the defendant. The first case investigated was a charge of allowing dice to be thrown on his licensed premises. The date of the offence was put down for the 4th Feb- ruary, but as Inspector Hamilton, who prosecuted, wished to show that the offence was continued from 11 p.m. Saturday, 4th February, to 2 a.m. Sunday morning, 5th February, Mr Tuthill objected that they were only prepared to deal with the date set forth in the summons. After some dis- cussion the cases were adjourned till Friday next, in order that the summons might be amended. The quarterly meeting of the Ballarat District Tenchers’ Association was held in the School of Mines on Saturday; the presi- dent, Mr J. C. Molloy, in the chair. Mr S. Trend, the editor of the Teachers' Chronicle , reported the great success of his charge. Arrangements were made for the admission of unclassified teachers into the association. Messrs Rattray, Pearse, and Oldham were appointed to represent the association at the Easter conference. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chair. Mr A. Wynne, the Postmaster-General, accompanied by Mr J. Smihert, his deputy, will leave for Sydney on Monday en route for the Intercolonial Postal Conference at Brisbane. Several debt cases were adjudicated upon by the magistrates at the City Police Court yesterday. Amongst them was one in which John Kane sued Alexander McFarlane for £11 1s, which he claimed as money lent. The debt had been contracted in 1861 and 1862, and, according to Kane, the money was advanced to enable the defendant to carry on a lawsuit. Mr H. S. Barrett con- ducted the case for the plaintiff, and Mr Shaw for the defendant. A verdict was given for the amount claimed, with £1 6s costs. The annual meeting of the South Star Football Club was held on Monday evening at the Stork hotel. There was a good at- tendance of members and intending mem- bers. The report submitted by the secre- tary showed the club to be in an excellent condition both financially and from a foot- ball point of view, the club having played 22 matches, winning 16, losing 3, and draw- ing 3. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year:—Life patron, Mr W. Geddes; president, Mr J. Crebbin; vice- presidents, Messrs Maddern, Herbert, McAuley, Walker, H. Elliott, Kauffmann, and Berry; patrons, Messrs Hartley, Marks, King, A. Elliott, Halligan, Wrathall, Ruddock, Parry, and Marks; secretary, W. A. Drew; treasurer. Mr J. Trenerry: com- mittee, Messrs Elliott, Charnley, Lewis, Shillito, Dower, Watson, Duffy, secretary and treasurer; delegate, Mr J. Duffy. The friends of A. Farckens, from Mount Lonarch, will regret to hear that he is con- fined to bed at the residence of his son-in law, Mr J. Schafer, Sebastopol street. An operation to be performed to day it is hoped may give relief. In connection with the policy of retrench- ment adopted by the late Minister of Public Instruction, Mr Peacock estimated that a saving of nearly £3000 can be made by the amalgamation of the following schools which have yet to be dealt with by Mr Campbell:—2828, Maryborough East, and 404, Maryborough. 2041. Creswick North, and 122, Creswick. 2031, Castlemaine North, and 119 Castlemaine. 2143. Geelong South, and 1094. Geelong. 2795, Richmond North, and 1567. Richmond Central, 323 Ironbark, and 877, Violet street, Bendigo. 1919, Ballarat (St. Paul’s), and 34 Humffray street. 1165, Bendigo East, and 1566, Gravel Hill. 1520, Heathcote South, and 300, Heathcote. 31, Benalla, and 2256 Benalla East. 534, Rothwell, and 1961, Little River. 1399. Laceby (closed in favor of Oxley). 1167, Sebastopol. 1259, Redan. 2291, Magpie. At the meeting of the Orphan Asylum committee last night, the secretary was in- structed to send a letter of thanks to Messrs Baillies, of the Grand hotel, Queenscliffe, for their kindness to the children on the occasion of their excursion to that place. Friday, 24th inst., has been proclaimed a bank holiday at Kingston and Smeaton. Messrs R. H. Sutton and Co., of the well known music warehouse, Sturt street, have kindly granted the use of one of their mag- nificent organs for the church parade of the M.U.I.O O.F., which is to be held in Academy of Music on Sunday next. The organ, which is one of the most powerful instruments in the establishment, will be presided over by Miss Greaves, organist of St. Paul's Church. Two deaths occurred in Smythesdale this week, viz., the infant children of Mr John Cameron and Mr John Boden respectively. The child of the latter gentleman was in- terred (writes our correspondent) yester- day. Mr H. Gray has been elected M.C. of Maritana Private Quadrille Club for the ensuing season. At the Smythesdale Police Court, on Tues- day (writes our correspondent) two respec- able lads were charged with assaulting each other, viz , that they did have a fistic en- counter on a certain date. Neither party was at all damaged, and as the combatants were afterwards good friends, and had never been previously before a bench, the presiding justices administered a caution and dis- charged the accused. No other business transacted. The late Government undertook to appoint a committee to enquire into the working the tariff, but did not remain in office long enough to carry out its promise. The pre- sent Premier has not considered the question of appointing such a committee, nor (says, the Argus), does he seem disposed to do so. The Ministry are of opinion that the ap- pointment of the committee would only lead to expense without any tangible good result, and that trade, which suffered owing to the alterations in the tariff last session, should not be again hampered by further amend- mends. The Government intend to confine the work of next session almost entirely to dealing with financial matters and measures for settling the people on the lands of the colony. A serious bushfire occurred in the neigh- borhood of Glenthomson last week (says the Ararat Advertiser). The fire swept over a large portion of Nareeb Nareeh, destroying some 7000 acres of grass, whilst 3000 acres were burnt on Mr Aitken's property. Mr Beggs lost 800 acres, and there were several others whose loss was not of so severe a character. The Chief Clerk of Insolvency at Mel- bourne has refused to register a composition with creditors where ¼ in the £ was paid, on the ground that it was only for the benefit of the debtor. His Honor Judge Moles- worth, the insolvency judge, upheld the Chief Clerk's decision. The Tasmanian hop crop will this year be about 25 per cent, less than last, but of ex- cellent quality. A youth named Wm. Cashel committed suicide in a desperate manner on Sunday at Auckland, N. Z. (says the Argus). He first took a dose of poison, then pierced his heart with a lady's bonnet pin, and next cut his throat. A week ago he insured his life for a large amount. A verdict of felo de se was re- turned at the inquest. Mr O'Rourke, a farmer at Katunga, was working with his sons in a grain shed on Saturday, when the stack gave way and buried him, breaking his arm in two places, breaking his leg, and inflicting other in- juries. An accident occurred on the Birchip line on Monday, two miles out (reports the Donald correspondent of the Argus). A laborer, John Walmsley, who was getting on to a truck of ballast, lost his hold, and falling with one foot under the wheels, the foot was cut off. Dr Lewis ordered his re- moval to St. Arnaud Hospital, 24 miles off, where the doctor fears it will be necessary to amputate portion of the leg. Guard May, of the ballast train, applied a tourniquet so effectively that he probably saved the man’s life. The vintage in Albury is in progress. The yield will be lighter than usual, and the quality not an good. An experiment is to be made with imported levures, to improve the character of the wine. Wm. Jno. Bartlett, aged 16 years. was accidentally killed on Sunday night at Kata matite through the horse which he was riding coming in contact with a tree. 