COMPENSATION NEEDED. Each successive summer brings in its train an unwelcome visitor in the form of the bushfire. The latter part of 1892 was allowed to pass without the occurrence of any serious fatality by fire, but we are not to be permitted to escape, for with the opening days of 1898 the undesirable presence of the destroying element has made itself felt. During the past week bushfires have been re ported in various districts in the South.: Along the railway-line, between Bugle Ranges and Strathalbyn, they have been particularly destructive. Several hun dred acres on both sides of the railway have been swept clean of grass and fences. Considerable damage has been done, aud the owners of the properties devastated have sustained very serious loss. As in the case of the majority of bushfires, the destruction has been caused by the ignition of grass by sparks from the engines on the railway-line. On a hot day and with the grass in a dry, tindery state a fire is kindled with startling swiftness by a spark from a passing engine, and scarcely is the train out of sight before the fiery agent is in full swing in its destroying work. The frequent occurrence of conflagra tions involving more or less extensive damage to landed property, and occasioned by- sparks from railway engines, brings out in striking prominence tbe injustice and hardship of the land owner's position. He has apparently no redress for the injury done him, and not only has he to submit to tbe damage to bis property, bat he has the added sting of knowing that the railway authorities will give him no compensation for tbe loss .inflicted by instruments under their control. The stand taken by the Railway Commissioners appears to be this—that they are not responsible for any loss sustained by fires in proximity to railway-lines because they take the precaution of burning a strip of land along each side of the railway and also provide spark- catchers to the engines. These precautions may to' the railway authorities appear proof against fire, but that they are not so is shown weekly throughout the summer by reports of fires in nearly every district of the colony. The need for action of some sort becomes every day increasingly evideut. It is plain that the Railway Com missioners will not take steps to if possible prevent a recurrence of these destructive bushfires. It might well, however, be made a matter for inquiry by the Government as to whether some means of lessening the danger to property from railway engines cannot be devised, and we hope that before much farther mischief is done some such in vestigation will be made.. It would be very desirable, too, if the qaestiou of the Railway Department's liability could be definitely settled without loss of time. Private individuals do not; care to incur the expense and run the: risk of an appeal to law, and so the Railway Department is left alone even. when a settler whose land has bpenj swept by fire feels that he has, and that1 very literally, a " burning grievance."1 Such being the case, the question arises whether, it wopld not be politic and i advisable for some public organization j to.take op the subject with ayiew/to the^general good. A matter like "this conies well within the province of-the District.Oouncils' Association, and if it were "brought before that body we are sure that a very large majority of the -Council delegates would support the proposal "to-have it promptly and pro perly threshed out. What is wanted is to ascertain whether a liability for the damage done by fires adjacent to the railways does not attach io;-jfcbe'Control ling department and whether compensa tion "for the loss sustained cannot be claimed and recovered in a court of law," if it is necessary to proceed to that extremity. By settling the question once for all the District Councils"" Association •would - ventilate a -very great injustice and earn the gratitude of many sufferers from the ravages of fires in the country districts. 