WELLINGTON QUARTER SESSIONS. (Before Mr. W. H. Timperley, B.M. (CbairmanJ and Messrs. Thos" Hayward, B. H. Rose, and J' Bo rater Johnston, J's.P.) Apbii. 19. Wii.i,iam "Wabij was charged by J. Hough with wilfully setting fire to his straw stack at Black Wattle Farm. Mr. Stanley appeared for the defendant. The following jury was empanelled : John A. Evans (Foreman), Geo. W. Floyd, Geo. Cross, John G. Bal dock, Francis Busher, Hugh F. Clinton, Thos. Chapman, J. E. M. Clinton, William J. Clarke, J. Eccleston, Henry Cain and George Forrest. Joseph. Hough, sworn, said : I am a farmer and live near Bunbury. I have a farm called Black Wattle near the Ferguson about 15 mileB from Bun bury. On the 22nd of February I saw a stack of straw tbere. It was all right then. I was at my farm again on the following Saturday. It had then been burnt down. There were from ten to twelve tons in the stack. The straw was worth about £10. The stack is close alongside the main road —about 2 or 3 yards from the road. There is a little cottage and' an out bouse. The stack is situated 3 or 4 chains from the building. Ho one is living on the farm. Mr. Fowler and bis sons who live about half a mile from my place have charge of it in my absence and I bave given them per mission to put their cattle in my field. In consequence of what I beard and saw I made a report to the police. By the Bench.—When I say I made a report I made a report of the circumstance. Cross-examined by Mr. Stanley.— The fence between the stack and the road was in good order at the time. There was some loose straw about the stack. Hone of the straw came ou the road. Mary Ann Fowler, sworn, said : I know Black Wattle farm, the property of Mr. Joseph Hough. There was a stack of straw on that property last February. I remember Friday, the 24th of February last. I went to the farm that afternoon. "When I first went up there at about € o'clock in the evening I did not observe anyone near the stack and the stack was ail right. I went to the farm about an hour afterwards. I saw the prisoner there. About an hour afterwards I saw him moving about the stack and at first 1 thought it was a beast. I saw him come away from the stack. I then identified him. When he left the stack I saw the blaze of the fire and the fire was caused by the stack in question which was alight. There was a fence between the stack and the road. The stack was 2 or 3 yards from the fence. I saw Ward come through the fence on to the road. I was distant about 14 yards from him when he came through the fence. I saw his face and am positive that it was the prisoner. He didn't speak to me. Just after he came through the fence he said " There are plenty of bush fires about". I said " good afternoon." He went in the direction of Bunbury. I went on down the road and told my brother that uncle's straw was alight. My brother James went to my uncle's farm. I told him 1 saw Ward at the stack. There were no fires near there except at the straw stack. There was nothing that could set that stack on fire that I could see. Ward was not smoking. By the Bench.—There was no one else about there at the time. The prisoner made no attempt to extin guish the fire. Cross-examined by Mr. Stanley.— When Ward came through the fence from the rick he spoke to me. It was about half an hour afterwards. He was about 4 or 5 yards away when he spoke to me. During that half hour Ward was coming down the road. He said " there are plenty of bush fires about" and I said " good after noon." The rick was burning at the time. 1 thought be had set fire to it. When I first saw Ward I was about 18 yards away from him. I was stand ing on the opposite side of the road. He was stooping down when I first saw him. He was not long at the rick before he came away. He was not there quite half an hour. After Ward came away from the rick I saw the fire. I did not know what Ward was doing when he was stooping down. Onr house is distant about a mile. Ward was surprised when be saw me. He didn't say anything neither did I speak to him. There is no loose straw at the rick. There was a little loose straw against the fence joining the road. There is a fair amount of traffic on the road. By the 3 ury.—The fire started on the stack and not in the loose straw. By Mr. Stanley.—The flame was a good height when I saw it. By the Jury.—I got to my father's house before Ward. There was no one else about. The fire occurred on the roadside of the stack. James Fowler, sworn, said: I lire on the Ferguson with my father and know Black Wattle farm. It is be tween a quarter and half a mile from my father's place. I remember the day the fire took place. It occurred about 6*30 p.m. My sister, Mary Ann, told me that my uncle's stack was on fire and that' she saw the prisoner at the stack. I went up to where the stack was. 1 met the prisoner on the road about a quarter of a mile this side the stack. He was going in the direction of Bunbnry. The stack was distant about three yards from the fence. There were some bush fires in the locality but none nearer than three quarters of a mile to the stack. The stubble round-the stack had also caught alight. I didn't speak to Ward when I met him because I thought it best not to do so. My sister, Mary Ann, suffers from paralysis. Owing to that affliction she is not a good judge of time or distance. I cousider my sister capable of giving evidence. In my opinion this stack could not have caught fire but must have been set on fire. Cross-examined by Mr. Stanley.— My sister is always sensible and is not subject to delusions. She could see the stack from the opposite side of the road. There were some bush-fires about three quarters of a mile on the opposite side of the road. They were to windward and there was a strong wind blowing. Ho spite exists between Ward and myself. By the Jury.—it would be about thirty minutes from the time my sister fust started from the stack until I got to it. The straw was in ashes. When I was going to the stack with my sister she recognised the prisoner as the man who was at the stack. By Sergeant Connor.—The bush fire was mostly silver grass and scrub and green trees. Ward reus not smok ing when I met him. P.C. Casserlv, sworn, said: On the 26th February I arrested the prisoner about 14 miles from Bunbury on the Ferguson. I told him the charge. He made a reply. He said, " I might have done it." He said no more. I cautioned him. He was searched when he came here. This concluded the case for the prosecution. Mr. Stanley said it was not his intention of calling any witnesses for the defence but he would confine him self to addressing the jury. He then briefly reviewed the facts of the case and said that although the defendant was in all probability in the vicinity of the stack at the time the fire took place no evidence had been produced to show that he had actually set fire to it. He called their attention to the demeanour of the principal witness, Mary Ann Fowler, .and asked them to be careful before they committed a man to prison on the evidence of one who was evidently mentally afflicted and besides her evidence went to show that the defendant did not demean himself as a man guilty of a crime at the time the fire took place. The Chairman then briefly charged the jury. He said they had heard the evidence and would have to give their verdict accordingly. One of the prin cipal matters to be considered was the evidence of the chief witness and her unfortunate state of mind. The ques tion for them to consider was whether she had drawn upon her imagination or told the truth. After retiring for a short time the jury gave a verdict of not guilty. The prisoner was accordingly dis charged. War. House was charged with false pretences by pretending to Edward Maxted that the cheque drawn by him on the National Bank at Albany would be honoured, and thereby ob taining goods and money to the value of £2. Mr. Stanley appeared for the de fend ant. Edward Maxted, sworn, said : I am an hotel keeper. I know the defend ant. I have seen his signature. In January last I received a cheque of his for £2. I dated it myself the 9th January. It was not dated when I received it. When I took the cheque to the Bank it was undated and I dated it at the Bank. I paid the cheque into uiy credit at the W.A. Bank. The cbegue was returned to me through the Bank with a memo attached that there was no account. It was a cheque on the National Bank at Albany. I wrote to the defendant informing him that the cheque was dishonoured. He sent a message by the mail driver that he had written but I received no communication from him. Lena Hopkins, sworn, said : I am Mr. Maxted's sister-in-law and live at his hotel. The defendant was at the hotel about the 9th of January last. He called for three drinks costing Is. fid. He gave me a cheque for £2. That is the cheque now produced. I gave him £1 18s. 6d. change. This is the only cheque of House's I have received. The cheque was already filled in when he gave it to me. I identify the cheque by the signature. I asked him whose cheque it was and he answered " Mine, it is all right." I didn't know whether it was his cheque or not. By the Jury.—I asked him whose cheque it was because the signature was difficult to read. William Peter Baesjou, sworn, said: I am a Clerk in the National Bank at Albany. This cheque (now produced) passed through the National Bank at Albany on the 14th January, 1893. This endorsement " No account" is my own writing. The defendant then had no account at the Bank to meet the cheque. The defendant's account closed at our Bank od the 28th Feb., 1891\. He drew all the money out that he had on that date. The de fendant has not had authority to draw cheques for anyone since 1891. Pre vious to that he had authority to draw on his wife's account. That authority was cancelled by a telegram from Mrs. House in 1889. She has had an account in our Bank for mauy years. By the Bench.—I would not have paid any money away to any person without her authority. When cheques were drawn by Wm. House, on his wife's account, they were signed A. M. House per William House. The cheque (now produced) is signed William House. The wife's and hus band's account were both separate, and distinct and in operation at the same time. Cross-examined by Mr. Stanley.— The defendant's wife has had an account at the Bank for many years. Mrs. House's name was Mrs. Treasure before her present marriage. During the whole six years I have been at the Bank the account has been in A. M. House's name. The Bank hold a written authority to open an account in the name of his wife, A. M. House. As a matter of fact the Bauk would not have opened an account for a married woman unless they had the husband's sanction. Once that sanc tion is given the Bank would not pass any cheques unless they had the wife's signature. The Bank have received no letter stopping the wife's accouut. Mrs. House's accouut is still ruuuiug and she has a credit balance. By the Jury.—His account was closed when he drew his balance out. There was a small balance of 16s. 7d. and he drew it out. This concluded the case for the prosecution. Mr. Stanley said that he did not intend to call any witnesses for the defence but would confine himself to addressing the Jurv. The case simnlv resolved itself into a point of liw. If the defendant was empowered to give a cheque ou bis wife's name he would be perfectly within the law in signing the cheque as he had done. The Chairman in charging the Jury said that the defendant married a widow and had given his consent for her to have a separate account at the Bank and he also had an account. Mr. Baesjou had stated distinctly that there were two accounts at the Bank. It was necessary at that time for the husband's sanction to be obtained be fore a wife had power to have a separate banking account in her own name, but once the husband gave that consent aud the account was opened it was impossible for that permission to be withdrawn. Mr. House drew out bis balance at the Bank some time ago and closed his account and for two years nothing more was heard about the matter. He then gives a cheque to Mr. Maxted for £2 and it is for you to decide whether he had reasonable grounds to suppose that that cheque would be cashed. After retiring for about balf-an boiir the foreman announced that the Jury disagreed. The Court was there fore adjourned until 3 o'clock. On re-assembling at 3 o'clock the Jury still disagreed as to their ver dict. (We afterwards learnt that 11 were in favour of a verdict of "guilty" and 1 for " not guilty.") The Chairman therefore decided that rather than waste the time of the Court the case should be re-tried. A fresh Jury was therefore em panelled. Chas. F. Brockman (fore man), Henry Cain, John Crampton, J. Austin, J. Eccleston, R. Forrest, Geo. Forrest, J. A. Evans, M. Coonan, Geo. Cross, W. J. Clarke, and T. Chapman. After hearing the case the Jury after a short consultation brought in a verdict of " Guilty," with a strong recommendation to mercy. The Chairman reserved bis sentence until the following day. 