TERRIBLE BUSH FIRES. SEVEN HOUSES BURNT TO THE GROUND, MILES OF FENCING AND THOUSANDS OF ACRES OF GRASS DEISTROYED. The most appalling and destructive bush-fire ever known to have ;aken pldicdin this distriot occurred yesterday (Thursday), During Wednesday night a north wind arose, which grew stronger as Thursday morning ap proached, until about the middle of the forenoon it lhad increased to a gale; in fact, it was a regular "brick-fieldor." Early in the morning volumes of smoke were noticed arising at the bock of Diamond Creek, but as it was coan. sidered to be at least some six miles from Kangaroo Ground no uneasiness was felt, more particularly as it. would have to pass thlough settled country before reaching the Ground; but as the wind increased it was seen that the fire was approaching with alarming rapidity. Tihs Diamond Creek was soon crossed near Mr. Mills' place by the raging flamos,'and the whole bf Watery Guily was soon in a blaze, several houses being. burnt to the giound. , :By. ?midday it- had reached Mr.' Jas.' Johnsloi's- ,prolirty, and shortly after it was within a very short distance of his house. Fortunately at this stage the wind swerved round to the west, but still blew strongly. The chango saved Mr. Johnston's haystacks and outbuildings and the west portion of IKangeroo Ground, but had .tlhe effect of forcing the fire along the north boundary. Mr. Mess' property was quickly approached,, ald it was considered advisable to renmove the furniture out of the housue passing lMoss' house, and keeping on the edge of, the clearing it clean swept Mr. W. Wippell's grass paddock, and was soon half a mile further on in Mr. M' Kenzin's gardeno by strenuous exertions his house was saved, Crossing the croess road here the fire traversed across Mr. Clapperton's . paddock, mnking direct for Mr. Taylor's house, The wind by this time had got round to the south, but 'was somewhat choppy ; howevr?. it ivas cool, and this with the shades'of evening falling, ;'ave a chance to the numerous volunteers to give successful battle to the' ulamtres and stay the onward course. of tile fire, The fire Ihas done a great deal of damage, and woqld have done more but for the handsome way in wlich the majority of the inhabitants of Kangaroo Ground turuned out slid worked. Besides miles of fencing and thousands of aeres'of grass burntt the following houses and property were destroyed : Shop, house, and garden, Upper Di. mondf Creek, rented by Mr. J. IIoffer snan from Dr. Lurt, formerly the pro iarty of Mr, T. Clark. Cottage and ioutbuildings,- Watery Gtslly, owned by Mr. James Qnal. trough, . Two-roomed-'house -owned by Mr. . Talnner, Two-roomed house owned by Mr. B. Ellis. . Outbuildings, doa., owned by' Mr. Glaister. Outbuildings and stack of hay owned b5, Mr. Shheehn. Outbuildings owned 'by Miss Dougherty. - Stack of hay owned by MIr. Ryan,. Outbhnildings owned by Mr. Lyng, \- All the above places were situate in or near tie foot of Watery Gully. Weu lhave received. inforotatioa that Mr. 'Brown's place at Tanok's Corner was conmpletely destroyed, withl all furniture, and that a large new building was also burnt dowum. Besides thie above fire tlhere were several others' raging in the district, notably ,at iKingluko, Punlon Hill, Watson's Crtek, and Yarra Glen. ' bli, Bwnecs' Ihuse? ontbhe mountains, we Iher, has been burnt to thie ground. At the time of putting this in typo (11 a,me. to.day, 'Friday) the weather is calm, and .there is.a chauoo of checking the fires, but should, the wind rise a great deal; more damage is sure to be done. 