GUMS AND WORKERS. The Oity Fathers were discussing the; question of finding work for the unemployed the other afternoon. Now why nob seta few men to work to grab np some - of the long, lanky, dismal, dishevelled, larrikin-looking gam trees in the Park Iifcnd^ ^dre^laoe them wjtheome more suitable tree? I am tired of the eternal gum tree,.weget enough of it in tl\ti. hflls and plains j let nB have oaks, peppph, acacias, pines, poplars, planes, and Other Suitable growths that will furnish some, ■ort of shade, and not grow nnsightly or be a home for the goathead moth or whatever it is. As something of a Hugh Kalyptns myself, I rather like the euoalypt, especially when it is a tall, grand old monarch of the forest, bat the scarred, unsightly, paralytic, leperons ex amples we have in the Park LandB are a re flection upon the landscape gardener and a source of danger to the people who try to recreate under their alleged shades. The gum is all very well in its way, bub from in and around the city it is bonnd to go, it cannot stop,- it has not a life tenure, it ought to die to save future funeral expenses. I am not up in aborioulture, but cannot help seeing that with a olimate like ours, which is favourable to ench a host of alien trees, we should be able to improve the featnrea of our landscapes and not give ourselves away to keen observers like Mies Shaw, Christie Murray, and other globe trotters, who oome, see, praise, and critioise, and invariably say something not unkind or untrue, but disparaging, about the s&menesB; of our forests. If some of these intellec tual visitors only saw one of our eucalyptus forests in a bush-fire, they would be compelled to say that it was sublime. Nevertheless we must admit tbat the euoalypt as an individual inhabitant of the country is stately and picturesque, but when he ib gathered together in mobs in the Park Lands and as a sort of guard of honour to the terraces from east to west and north to south, he is a bit monotonous. Now let ub have something to vary bim. He would look all the better for comparison, We have examples all over the country where people from the dear old country have planted oaks, poplars, elms, and other imported trees, which now beautify the districts in which they grow, and are each a thing of beauty and a 'joy for ever. One needs only to take some of our southern roads which pass through some of the finest and boldest scenery in all the region round about the city. Here, at different stages of the journey, the travellers sees at such plaoes as Orafers, Mount Barker, Oakbank, Woodeide, Balhannah, and neighbourhood, landscape effects introduced by the settlers past and present that delight the eye and warm the heart. What could be more pleasant than that magnificent avenue of poplars bo green and graceful in summer, and eo stately and suggestive in winter, and what oould be more refreshing than that which meets the eye in Mount Barker, itself a fitting finish to an eminently picturesque route. I have cycled the journey myself several times, and the only damper on my enthusiasm was found on the outlet through that ruddy road—I am not swearing, although I would like to, for the road is reddish dust—which leads to Maccles field. But I have wandered a little. The mral Spaniards, I believe, have a cuBtom of scraping a hole in the ground with the heel and dropping into it the stone of the fruit they are eating, and I think if our colonials adopt the same custom the country might in time become a garden. However, the point is —replace the gums here and th6re about the city and townships with other suitable trees, and give the unemployed a show, that's all. 