S.:t srs y,--Mr ,). IH. Knight, !.e!ttist oif Mitchell Street, 1iendlgoi iinnlotinces thait ii pext visit to Hleatni -okeo will liB oni Friday, 29th inst., and as;:!iitul will th at the IRt th~cte Hotel .fo tortsuilttin. . ,, i- 1,tiaqUjli.-A lecture li ainnouneed to .ib fgwen by the Rlev. I. Rorke, nt the State School.'\lia-Mia, on Thurslnay evening next hItill'Trifrst., inuteard of at tho Proebyterian Qhurali.oi, the 20th luat., as notifhal in the ticket' sslaid, Thie subject of tho leCture I "yKll~ruy." Si.?i.nI Ki stn EsiATlr.--Tenders are e'fiI'l4ec to he received by Messrs 1i. M'Phetisoion, Strbrlbeeg & Co., at their Ilpt?l(ia'Office, by noon on Fridasy the '2nd5rpt., for renting the well-known Jilmu re Estate. ' tA?.'W . TEXDEns.-We would direct I ;'luttntion to important advertisements ti'o $itRailway Department, calling for ¢aiditrf'for the snpply of 76 piles for brlfijgA 60 round bcals for cattle guards. -ril (0,00l0 sleepcer. Particiuars will be found in the ndvertisemennts. AsL.. IlL Exel roRslo--We would a!af dsiree l lptcinl attentien to an alvertlsemcnt thlfmi:he Railvwy Department relative to -Ctrist'oas and New Year Excarsions. Par ticeultr se '- All IA.ile Tickets," iydisay, 'Adelali',tind Brlislane excnrtion tickets are i;fn i1 :Thle iace of seanide excursion tii?ets.'at' the p:;ncipal stations is being -autattuia pfiAili SoMIRRsaT STANLIY.-Thls laH'ly Jlotor Maadlnmo Somerset Stanley wvho- io"w resides In Banaign, will mwke it-q'retUca visit here next Monday afi'rne6n and remain until the follow ing Fri44y mnrn'ing it the ifeatleote lfoaelh-Her connlltntiQuIs rl free, Spe iiSerlisemenil. *:.s T'b: W ATrisn.- The hot weather (dulri tile latter part of last week clinml.0ted oi' Sunday last as the :ottest day of the season. The ther iinf'er ien nordininry dwelling liore registering 102. On Monday after ano-tthe. wind changed from northerly in ntit),;causing a pletasant chlnge in t.he Aenmprature, imTAas"L DoNiTioes - On opetiine the lo.sp?tal.UBox at the local Polioe Conrt .s.ts'r: '4 itting of the Annual Licensing 7lApisrtueTuesday last, it was foaind that eh?qcoptrsitetionis nmornnted to the liand Somelo auaif U£ 17a 6d. It is customary) _ocqritý? ?sifflernt hotelkeepers on snuc oc.as?iron to drop something into the bbx (si tilhr licensos are grafntedi'bat pn this 6redaiip.b other gentlneen in the couit sido contributed liberally CAtfn.it BAa.AHi, -Father kenrn,: fiitunneold last lSunday. at the I 1 o'clock Miass, that in counsetqunce of thL PFrse SIyteurn-b dv heinj airetady in the fAslP- vah'tliir, btazaar for EasteB r week t&it.;'~t ';h Carbulics would postpone their till prolably next Show Week, o as not' in any way to interfere: with titl' success of their Preshytoritn t.aGft PATRICK's DAY SPORTS. At n meeting of the Committeo lRst i'itl, if Mfter Mass (Pather Kearns presiding) it was unanimously decided 6t' h61o'the next Sports Meeting in the Hanthlcnto Now Show Ground on MJaroh 17th, 1894. Programmec in a (*ltrai is tie. hesides tho usual athletic sports there will he pony faces, ,rf!?r:: f huntors, pony jumps, bicycle IEATH OP Mo R GRAeiNGa? l.-'I'o many r-inrl-,riMlt: W. 1. Orainger, the inspector 'l'iuiti.lot the Bendigo district (states the L ehdi'Adlvertiser " of Saturday), will be .orFra to.;ar'.of the death of his wife, which diaTseveni otirrcd at her residence in Booth tresl. lolde-square, ydstecday afternobu, (r.q,pt ingtdý had been ailing from a severe pi.rnal c.ifla nt for soein time past, and, oni~eqtfentl, her ldeath twa not unexpected. il ?Qs d 14Vdl, who Was 59 yelra of age, ' n chr tfusl and kindly diaspilion, and her dlenal will be keoly regretted by a rgae cdrdle':nf friends, A family of nines neat of wholl are grown n11. ar left to nonrntifiJT ?p,?. The funeral will be of a trietly piivate nature, DITAT fI.sIt Hou~riTAl,.-On the 23rd f 'kia4o Ai very old resident of this olfcl?:;dlleAt in the Hospital, namely, Rto0Ai~ ~Mt io resided in rarson's Gully r, .nir itry -of years, and followed the et soattsf amtler. He was admitted to B ie o§ptal oa'tlte 13th of NoTember. The use of dnilh was caniac diieansn. He wan 3,vygEROf ag", was a widower, and was of e C(rcli of Ingtand religion. lHe httl ved ?iN'he district for 85 years, and in tihe 0i. to,'??tria for 12 years. lie wriA a It P ondin, aln his father, James Day, a. -.i -ner', He hld spentl Romr years 1'.irl.V part of his lifo at sea, ,e -'i kfosr nome time in Africa. ?i ? , rvd 'thl feat on ro n occalosi travil-ing over-lnAnr to thr LTnmbing Itot ti~ginen, . Now orOuth Wale-a, with r.-lfPirele} other mi ninor implmonts, Ac. -:dg-4At (,eDx'\T To IctuARD Wann.-Tn ur.!1la~5iisua wte cavo particulars of tho erioua.'apirient to Master Ilsehard Wnale, vho sustatnrd a compound fracture of the .o'ltt&'1i, the knee and fttadtnre of the thigh hroigit the wtho l of a heavily loaded iniler wnagon ptssing nver the limbh, and yho..an the..,r;pommendattion of Dr Erler vadton?ehn oEr-tat?tuaent to the local HIi, ,i l:I- I irrl h nature of the Injiitea it v?.:)'\\.];dl?l.fro^ m ' th1t flr.t if the limb vi~iv :lhl~tsevery chancte ws ,iven .o-i ?-but-in-bpito of countlnusi attention ,a-iff*.~~r .sliU.'lIand bv S.-ndev hid pro -c. ,1ed so 'ihr. thnt tlre Irler and iBond .1vilsd ampuntition uear the hi)t as the only .hancee 'f atiqgR tihe hty's lifa . The' rean ivres ioine nantmilly very anlxihnlta anlont oa criols a ca?e.,liqulestddi to lave the opinion f Dn- M.lf liMay or. ieudiigo. Dr it'nhllivr Ev a.wer oin lMonrday mornincl * ld h isir,.l.' l hj eve'ry respect with the pin?mr,,,?l 'idc6 l do-lori and urged that a tim.> shtt^! 'l lott in opernating. St th"rgr" 'ii?ralr Iltnt0he.a.nintltion wa. ,,rfor,^." -' Dr dler, whio ,s .hhl q:sitred by Dr YM'Gillivray andl Mr C(hea. d"r-i(ti«, elrtl,,nt o' the l,' hstlarllr n Ins. iih;"* a d inl ndnministerin* -*chtoifoorn ,,n'btia-,,rati"n P?.'?d.off pry fIC.)CnS(Ihqly, 'eiJ o the noblel,,n , ( a,, ,,h. ' ,il I) oppration. the bray li naiessl epolen, ¶ro.T Sfor anoU' . [it at il po? iiot;ul dsi.. hgru'!"'l p")p r lnr l ebor~p gseBlct pl and has been na .culot?l , t ,'h "ies t troulfhout, the tryinn inre he has czperienced. Saiil?lt?~ i'l u'-;"i -. ITl, '*trillinrtf II I i'L"' iitgdit I'o.C('pine~ wa:;-'hir - '16 ay, Pe''el were let for.wmrkni aocduntapata' iltl-lilt other hbninpe4 transnpcd .. a' A itno iLASti-' iftrt ftf~d'ihrtetaling lecture on ihb vcins anil arlerinl of the liiiunan body, land the iiethinol of stoppine liommorrlihlltl was8 iiven hy Dr olnd to his Aluliiince Clas1, (n Mlorldny eveoling laet. PoLItc COi'ULT.--(OItie dlebt C?RO wa itelt witli (il Friiivy lilt, Mtle rs iV. P.; Murdrth anl W. IhX Lewiis ndjudi S.f. ili;t fill the B 'nch, llHo-tPlr DoNATIOr.--Mr M, MHick. -inr, re liector, r?plelH ts i to noitice that XMr J. Wilsnol, Lo Tooboltac ii na:lition to Slis ianlnual sulbsription of LI Is to the lospital, has donated Li for a Christmna treat for thl, patients. CoNCiRT.-TIhO concert gitelt in con notilionl wilthte Presbyterian Chlrhel nt the 1Knowsley tIat State School last iight Was well attitenrld nnd ]l|IBsed( off very suecaslsIull'. Soino pntlioulars of thu cotlcort will be given in our next iaiuo. THi NEW SHOW GRouhD.-At abecial reetng of the colnuittee tf the Apricultural Society to-day, the tendor of Mr J. ,S Cockh at a£ 10l for the right to uae the New Slow Ground for grazing pi rposes was accepted, being the highest of four tenders sent ir, the amounts of the other tenders being as fol low :-A8, Li and TL5 s, DEATH OF A VERY OLD RESIDENT - A very old identity of this goldfield namely, Mr Holmes Smith, died yesterday at his residence, Dairy Flat, the cause of death being acute peritonitis. He was 94 years of age, had been a resident of McIvor since the early fiftirs, and of the colony for 60 years. He leaves a wife and grown up family. DEATH. - Mr and Mrs Turner, residing at Soutl Heatheote, ihad tile mnlfortune on Friday night last to lose thir youngest e'i'd. a little boy, 7 montlh old, after a sPrions illness of only about four days dtiratiow. Tlh funeral took place on Suiiday, the remains being interred in the lleatheote Cemetery. The burial service was read by Mr Murdoth. Tun CADETR.-We notice tant Mnater W. M'Cormnlck succeocded in wilnuiing a prize (10s) at tho open echliola candt match, which wan one of the annual matches of the Victorian Rifle Association, at Williamstown on Saturday, Mnster M'Cormack was one of five loonl be deos who proceeded to Melbourne on Friday under the commnnd of nir Craig to take part in the maiches. They returned on Saturday evoning, ITosPlTAl MiEEINo -Tho visiting committee of the Hospital met on Tuesday afternoon last to deal with tenders for piinting the wnlls of No I ward (the big word). Proeut- - The President (Mr R Love) and Miesra G. W. Robinson and B. Greig (Seeretory). Pour tenders were sent in for the work, from £3 10a up to £6 7s 6d. Thota were two tenders of equal amount. £3 10s, namnel those of Mr T. Vaughan and Mesars J. Loister and W. Oataway. Thl accepting of one of these tendors was dfcided by n hanke in the hat, Mr Vatulhan teing the sindessfinl tundorer. A letter was received from the Medical OffiPer, askilig for leave of nalsonro for a week or 10 days towards the end of the month, tating that ihe would leave a qualitihd "lecnni tensna" to do his work. The requost wal granted. NXit YEA's D PA FEirT.-A menosin of ladies ti'k planc on Wednesday !ast week relativoto the Grand Pete in con nection with 8, John's Church of EnIgland in the Crio'tt Reserve on New Year's Day, when a Conmitten of lsilies was nppointed, frist night 1 ninneroilly ltteniled meeting wan held at which near lv 30 IndioH and gcntle.en connootod with tie church tw'lleo prlei'nt. Siin-rollmmittoes were appointeil iand otihr iaririilgomllenit miade o ao rry out the Felo, for which donations will be thankfully received. Tho Pete is announced in our ailvortiRiuf columns, in which soInI pirticularI will be found, Mise J. Wood being Hlon. Secro tary. A sub.committeo with Mr Brand shaw an Ffon, Secretary, took up the idea of holding a ball at tlMe Shire Hall after the Petc. The hall is also announced in advartis?cneni to take place. POST Oel'icIu, &c.;, IUOLIDAY Ai RANGItSMNTs,-We are indebted to our local Postmaster, Mr Sandy, for the following information:--lTho Money Order, Savings Bank and Receilt and Pay Office will ho olosnid on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesdry, the 25th, 26th and 27th inst. Chrislm s Day in the Post Office will be observed as Sunday. On Tuesday the Telegraph and Post OfficeA will be open from 8 30 to 10 a.m., and frc.m 6 till 7 p.m., with one dllivery by letter carrier and all mlails despatched as uullnl. Un Wed. nesday all Post and Tlegr'raph Offices vill bot open to the pu'llic nd busiine?s transacted na isual, willh the exceptionl of Money Order Savings Bank and receipt notd pay business, as above intlimated. BlusiPlnsg.-Alreatly tliero have behaen several bushfir.sB in tilit neighbor hood during the past fortnight or ao. On occurred near Redoastlt on Suuday Inat in oonneotion with which Mr Rowe returns thlanks to those who bs ;heir assistance saved hisi aomp und iropjrty of the Union ,Mining Co., if which he ia manager. On Tuesday f filr occurred on the UppOr Coster laid road, which burut the grass on portion of Mr I''nrloy's property, and wnpt tlirolugh the property of Mr ierifield, on which the craRs was lastroyed. From there th winud Irove the fire on towards Redcnstlc. A. numnilor of people w~pro n hno scone nil ,vorked hard to get the fire under, ulit the hbel was so intonse at timPn that Ihey could not got near it. Miounted-Jonstaible Arthur remained two days all the fire and rendered good mslistllnce, Thel fire was ultimltoly got uinder we bnlievo, IhATincoTr, LAnlIs. lniENVOLENT SoOlTYr.--Th1 monthly miLtinug of tle S?niety was hbld in tihe Cliurch of Engrlind Schroorntm on 'Ihurstday, No'vri, 9Sth. Proesent. - hleadames lChristio (in tlhe chair), Fin'er, Wond, Browin. RoIeisloni, iland MlisH S1pinlck amdI Frley. C'lllpet tre paei iii the ;Rni oil £, 17< which ilchided I donation of C1 frnni Mr 1. M'Donnnld. Orderls nliounininL, to £.4 lI w'rre dis. trihuted anlnanng 10 npnlic.ilita. Ac Cn\nnt, anmounting to K'5 2i- wvre passed for piy'menit. It. was ideoided to hold th.' ntxt niepltiil oni thuo 21st c(fe!tho r' n 'n ir, ll s' i} ile .idl >.tl? e 28tlh, ih B ,(S.inin.i ,?il Itr itS' l ,,+p lV^'{i!ii ;tc tile 4..>m m i at teifii el a the applicnuti. ,O. toV;tiof ditject rs1~tald,.heo.,,g1.dly received by rany.turimu r of conlmittee. Thle ip?en ing'T3ni doisljImu d till Thursdany, 21st, 