KEIIANG. JAN*. 24. The harvest in the district ot which Kerang ! is the centre has undoubtedly been a bountiful !»ne._ The highest yield that I have heard of i is one of eleven bags to the acre, first-olass ! wheat, too, and sold at the top price. I have | heard of several yields of nine bags : these are, however, exceptions, but they help to raise the average for the district. All the samples 1 have seen,iso jar,.have been of a high quality, ail good raffling and fit for ex port. The cjeauest 'wheat has been that brought fn>tt£-ihe mallec. Bag after bag of roallee wheatf 3&aveaefja-triod;/wnd in every instance it was free ttom presence of smut halls, dtake, wild oats, or any other tubbish. Farmers who wish a change of seed caauojt do better than select some that has hefstpowh mri£? virgiaymailee. 'fijtririere^sirriae, U$jbaiewliat inclined to be over-Sanguine ostofheir yield, and gene rally have sufficient bags on hand in which to put their crop. This season many were out of their calculation, as before the thrasher could finish many had to rush off and borrow extra bags. Tire growing of fruit as a change from wheat has been a good help tosome of our Murrains farmers. The Solon Bros, have sent away 500 cases this season, and have, about an equal quantity yet to send. Their orchard has only been planted two or three years. Next year several orchards will be yielding, and from then the export of early fruit from this district will be considerable, if it could only be placed in the bands of consumers at a reasonable advance on what the producer |eta for it the boon, to city teaidsnts should l^rf^Cormack, of Xfanbar, Murcibit, met with a serious loss on Monday in having a 50-ton stack of hay destroyed by .fire.. Toe origin of the fire is, of course, unknown. The stack was uninsured. day, and asked^im if the: efiecbfof thehar veat were apparent yet amongst rite farmers His reply was that a considerable snm of money had op to that timebeenwell scattered amongBt fanners, and. that it was increasing—in fact, in Ms opiniouthe money bod been well distributed, and the purchasing power of the oommunity; largely inoreaaed. An illustration of -rids came under aarnotaoe a few days Mterwarda.H*it.was iat»aearlng sale, and the aucriimeer.ateted at tbe outset that those who wiabed oould b&ve; terms, as he knew tiietn ull. oTbeaMe wfts a email one, M tbeowne* Jbstdhemoat of, his effects in a recent bush-fire, ;«nd amounted to about £400, ^Tbemwtioueer Was agreeably surprised to find that within uu hour of tiic .finish be htqUlibe wbole nrooeeds in his pocket with the exception of about £20. This little cir cumstance was a striking example of the good effects of the recent harvest. 