THE BUSH FIRES. ANOTHER: BLAIK THURSDAY. THOUSAND. OF ACRES OFD GRASS DESTROYED,. MILES OF FENCING BURNT. SETTLERS BURN, OUT. STOCK ROASTED. The last fortnight has been one fraught .with extreme anxiety to far .mers,-pastoralists;- and sttlers owing to the extraordinary bush-fire epidemic which has swept over a great part of the country like a plague, leaving a tract for miles in extent in a state of black. ened:;desolationi. r :'.. i " Itniellidite of the' existence of de. structive fires are to hand from all parts of the colony, and our immediate dis trict has suffered its full quota of disaster withi1the' rest. singe yesterday week the whole of Alexandra Ims been con tinuously, to. a greater or lesser degree, enveloped: in smoke arising from the fires that have been hairning since Satur day week in and asound the Acheron and Taggerty district. It has been ascertained that the fire 6origi.tei on John Dick's grazing righti of 820 acres, Upper Acheron, end was first observed on Saturday morning, 4th inst. It never, however, got away until the Wednesday, but on Thursday, when there wais a high wind blowing; it made an alarmingly rapid progress. During this and succeeding days it travelled up Connley's Creek, across the range over to. the Little River, thence across, and be yond :Wylie's:y; Marifwiling workers have been toiling might and day in their endeavours to subdue the flames and save their property, but notwithstanding their arduous laboursan in~megse amount of proper las been destroyed, asnd in one ease a` family has been rendered homeless. A large quantity of stock has been killed and roasted, but the re ports as to the number of sheep destroyed is noadoubt unintentiorilly. buttgreatly exaggerated. It is not a fair criterion to judge from that all sheep not yet mustered are burnt. No doubt there are `many sheep scattered over the country, -and bofore~lon'g 'when a more comprehensive tally is obtainable, the present estimated loss will probably be considerably less. Let us hope so, at all events. The loss in grass has.been very extenslve, no fewer; thain .800. acres 'h.aving been cleared of 'herbrige. and close upon 50 miles of fencing has been ruined. As we observed boave the rturns as to loss of stock 'are not so far reliable. The charred careases of sheep ;are, in some.p!.aces taliE'-firequently met. with, and at Wylie's.nunibers of roasted sheep were found jammed in the wire fences, having got there in their frantic efforts to escape th.rflinm?. The fire, after having got away from Dicl'sa ;grazing right, detered Mlr R. Thompson's land and burned the whole of his property, comprising 900 acres of grass, and two miles of fencing. From thence,' the: destructiv? element passed through Mr W. Conley's land, burning 800 acres of grass and three miles of fencing. Mr Conley, in fighting the fire, had to take to the creek and lie down to save his 'life. The fire was burning over his head for two hours and the creek water got quite hot. There was a thick undergrowth along the banks of the stream, and now it is as bare as a street channel. Mir Cumming's was visited by the plague, and had 400 acres under fire and three miles of fencing re duced to ashes ; whilo MIr Wylit is one of the largest sufferers.no less than 1500 acres of pasture being eaten up in tihe conflagration, together with a great deal of fencing, and from 300 to 4100 sheep v.re killed. IKerr lros. Iost several miles of fencing, grass, shcep, andl farming implements; ,Ir C. IMullen estimates the tdamnage to his property at G00 acres grass, 200 sheep killed, all his crop, dray anli harness. and burrgy and barness burned. Mr Jomn Webb is the loser of 1000 acres of grass, and three miles of fencing, while Mr WVilmot is I deprived of 300 acres of pasture snd a mile of fencing. Mr West was com pletly burned out of house and home. losing his furniture and almost every thing. Mr Ross had 400 acres of grass and a mile of fencing destroyed, and Mr B. FHoward lost all his grass. The Shire Council has also suffered on the roads, the main road being now impassable ow ing to the debris and fallen timber and the culverts all being burned out. The back road from Glendale to Conley's Creekis an' utter" wreck; anz miles 'of ': fencing have been buroed, The residenis in tie ueighbonrhood in most'caas were- equal to the emergency, and worked hard to save:their !hbldings as well as those adjoining, but it is re- ported that some theore: were .who pre served a rather peculiar seoical.,indiffer ence. There is one man, by.4le-way, who is deserving of -especial mention, aind that is Caleb Ryland, who had not " any fear of loss by the fire, but who worked like a soldier in subduing the: flames. [ The following is a condensedu list of the sufferers : Mrs Wylie, 1500 acres grass, 20 miles fencing, 800 sheep. John Webb, 1000 acres grass, 3 miles fencing. W. Conley, 800 acres grass, a miles fencing. R. Thompson, 000 acres grass, 2 miles fencing. Charles Mullens, 600 acres grass. 200 sheep, all crop, and other property. Jsmes Cnmmirnigs, 400 acresi grass, 3 miles fencing. \- Ross, 400 acres grass, 1 mils foficing. Kerr Bros., grass, fencing, sheep,, and agricultural implements. John Dick, 820 acres grass, 21 miles r fencing. \- Wilmott; 30: acred grass, 1 mile fencing. B. Howard, all his grass.. \- West, house furniture and' ulmost everything. ° -Mauduoit, 450 acres grass,. fencing. sheep, and cattle. 