GUWfe AND WORKERS. The Oitj Fathers wen discussing the ymstioaf finding work for the unemployed the otWfcftemuun. Now why not set a few men to wodc to grub up some of the long, \- hmky, VWimSt, dishevelled, larrikin-looking gum trees in 1KB Park Lands, andreplaoe them with some more suitable tree? I am tired of the eternal gum tree, WB get enough of it in the' hills and plains; let as have oaks, psppwa, Marias, pines, poplars, planes, and MU^ amiable growths that will furnish some tort of shade, and not grow unsightly or be a tall, grand did monarch of the forest, but the •carted, unsightly, paralytio, leperoue examples we have in the Park Lands area reflection upon the landscape gardener and a eousce of danger to the people who try to recreate under their alleged shades. The gum is all very well in its way, but from in and around the city it is bound to go, it cannot stop, it has not a life tenure, it ought to die to save future faneral expenses. I am not up in ahoooultora, Dot cannot help seeing that with -aolimatelike ours, which is favourable to Buch a host of alien trees, we should be able to improve the features of oar landscapes and not give ourselves away to keen observers like Miss Shaw, Christie Murray, and other globetrotted, who come, see, praise, and criticise, aod iurariably aay something not unkind or untrue, but disparaging, about the sameness of oar forests. If some of these intellectual visitors only saw one of our •ncslyptus fbrests in a bush-fire, they wopld be compelled to say that it was sublime. Nevertheless we must admit that the eucalypt as an individual inhabitant of the country is stately and picturesque, but . when.he is gathered together in mobs in the Park Lands and as a sort of guard of honour to the terraces from east W weat and north to •oath, he is a bit monotonous. Now let us havei something to vary him. He would look aU the better for comparison. We have erwnrijes aU <wer the oountry where people from the dear old oountry have planted oaks, poplars, elms, and other imported trees, which now beautify the - districts in which they grow, and are each a thing of beauty and • a .;joy for ever. One needs only to take some of oar southern roads which pass through some of the finest and boldest scenery in aU the region round about the • city. Here, at different stages of the , journey, the travellers sses at suobiplacss as Craters, Mount Barker. Oakbank, Woodside, Ealhannab, and neighbourhood, landscape : affects introduced by the settlers past and present that delight the eye and warm the . heart. What oould be more pleasant than that magnificent avenue of poplar* so green and graceful in summer, and so stately and suggestive in winter, and what could be more refreshing than that whioh meets the eye in Mount Barker, itself a fitting finish to an^gunently pigtoreeque route. I have cycled the joorney myself several times, and the onlydamper on mn ,jenthusi&im; was found on the*outIet through chat ruddy road—I am not Swearing, although^ would like to, for the road JH reddish dJpjt—which leads to Maocles- Celd. But I have wandered a Httle. The raraiSpaaiatdi, X believe, have a custom of scraping a hole in the ground with the heel sad dropping into it the stone of the fruit they are eating,'and I think if our colonials adopt the same custom the country might in time become a garden. However, the point is —replace the gams hen and then about the city and townships with other suitable trees, give the unemployed a show, that's alL 