PAYING THE WAY A Romance of thQ Aes trsilian Basil. By Huii'Son New land. PART I.—ON THE COAST. CHAPTER II. ILL GOT—ILL GOSE. immediately on landing- Captain Larch selected a sheltered place amid the sandhills as a camp. Here a fire wa3 lighted at which the wet and wearied survivors could dry and warm themselves. .Scarcely any food had yet been brought from the v/r.-ck, but fortunately those who first reached the land had found, when pulling on the rope, that their feet turned up numerous cockles from just under the surface of the wet sand. To half-starved men these were very palatable, and sufficient were easily obtained to satisfy the hunger of all. Fresh water was also dis covered in a shallow well, evidently made by the natives, a short distance beyond high water mark. Thankful for their rescue, and with their hunger aud thirst appeased, the ex hausted castaways soon forgot ail their troubles in sleep. AV hen morning came, the tide was very high and the brig had suDk deeper in the saud, aud, being surrounded by a boiling waste of water, it was impossible to obtain any food from her. Under theso circumstances, the sur vivors of the wreck were compelled to break fast on the shell-fish left from the pre vious evening—the present state of the water preventing chern from procuring more. The captain then proceeded to examine the country. On mounting a sandhill he found that the line of surf, with it3 fringe of hum mocks, extended a3 far as could be distin guished to the south-west, . with a soarcely perceptible curve to eeaward. To the east the coast presented much the same charac teristics, but in the distance the land ap peared to be higher and bolder. Ho was surprised to find that inland, only a few hun dred yards away, lay a narrow lake of water, evidently of great length, which apparently ran parallel with the coast far to the west ward. In the opposite direction it ended in a swamp, or salt marsh. He was soon standing on its margin, and found the water botn salt and shallow. Retracing his steps, he saw fresh water oozing from among some rushes, with a path leading to- it. At first it ap peared as if it was made by wild animals, but on looking closer he saw the marks of numan feet. He knew they could not be the footprints of his own people, for among them were those of little children. In that desolate place whose could they be but the trades of savages, probably hostile ? andif so, thesituation m which he and his companions were appeared a desperate one. Clearly at the fall of the tide, not only must provisions and clothing be obtained from the vessel, but weapons also. Disturbed by these thoughts, and with a tremor at his heart such as he had not felt even during the height of the storm, he returned to the camp. On the way he ob served further traces of the recent presence of the savages, in heaps of cockle shells by the ashes of a still smouldering fire. From these signs it was obvious that the aboriginals muse be still in the neighborhood. Common pru dence, therefore, suggested that ho should keep his people as closely hidden as possible until they were able to procure arms from the ship. Luckily they had, to get out of the wind, camped in a deep hollow surrounded by bushes. But the fire—would the natives see that ? If so, it would probably not excite remark, as they had left ther own burning in their abandoned camp. The wreck, however, would certainly be discovered whenever they came over from the lakeside, and this they were likely to do as soon as the weather settled down alter the storm. Pondering over these things he reached the hollow and in a few words calmly told the castaways what he had seen and the conclusions at which lie had arrived. To the eastward there could not be any habitation of civilised man within many hundred miles; but to the west there was probably a whaling station, where they had seen the flagstaff uu the cliff. In that direction, as soon as they had brought on shore all that would be of use to chem, he proposed to proceed, keeping along tho coast. He conjec tured that it could not bo more than a hundred miles, and it might be considerably less. Travelling would be easy aud comparatively rapid by keeping cn the hard level beach when the tide was fairly low. Meanwhile it was in> perative that all should remain perfectly quiet where they were, so as to give the least oppor tunity of being observed. Except to obtain a supply of water there was no necessity to leave their shelter, and for many hours all rested and were much refreshed thereby. As the day advanced the tide ebbed so far that, to their great delight, the hull was almost high and dry. There was now no difficulty in getting on board, and after a sailor had been posted on a high sandhill to give notice if the natives approached the re mainder of the party proceeded to the v/rvek, the sailors first going on board to send on shore whatever was most required. They were soon enabled to laud a few casks of flour and salt meat, tins of biscuits, and ether kinds of food •in fair rconditiou. Articles of clothing, tools, and sails tor tents rapidly followed. Firearms were also procured, in a wet aud rusty condi tion indeed, but capable of soon beingrendered fit for use. To their great disappointment, however, 110 powder was found. This much increased Captain Larch's anxiety, as he well knew how difficult it would he "to protect his party from the savages without effective fire arms. All weapons likely to be of use were, however, taken to the camp. The Jew early penetrated to his cabin and laboriously carried on shore a small trunk. " Clotbe3 and a few necessaries," he mut tered to a sailor who wondered at its weight. " which have got very wet. Poor wretch that I am, it is all I have in the world." For a few moments he sat on it to rest, and then, without attracting attention from his busily engaged companions, took it up and disappeared behind the sandhills. The goods which had been removed by them from the wreck having been brought ashore the party next devoted theirenergies to having them carried to a place of safety, leaving to a future opportunity tho search for other articlc-s. The blankets and clothing too were spread out to dry ou the hot saud and bushes, and soon were in a condition to render the position of ali more comfortable during the coming night. It was nearly dark when, tired out with their exertions, they assembled again in the hollow and made arrangements tor the only really good meal they had had for several days. In tlio midst of all his many duties Captain Larch had taken care to accompany Roland to his mother's cabin and bring a way, among other things, a strong-box which bore the lad's initials. Kuowing her firm conviction that in her failing health she would never live to reach land, ha felt assured is contained valuables placed there by her loving care., This case he carried to the camp himself and determined to open on the first opportunity, not only for the purpose of drying its contents, but becanso in their critical circumstances little exeeDt food could be taken with them, and therefore the heavy ease itself must be left behind. It was extremely fortunate that in consequence of the cold wind they had fixed the camp in such a secluded situation, as it enabled them to light! fires and dry their saturated possessions as well' as do the necessary cooking, without much fear i of attracting attention. ] As soon as supper was finished the captain ! explained that he wished everything opened that evening and dried with a view to an early start for the supposed settlement. This he proposed making the following day, as soon as the state of the tide admitted of travelling along the beach ; and lie urged the absolute: necessity of only attempting to carry such articles a3 were indispensable. In pursuance of these instructions each was assigned some duty and the absence of Jacobs was now dis covered. The big sailor was the last who had seen him as he carried his trunk towards the camp. This lay open near the spot upon which he had slept the previous night. The articles of clothing and other things it had contained still showed the distinct impression of a square box, which could not be found. It appeared therefore as if ho had taken this to some retired_ spot with a view to examining the contents in private. That these conclu sions were only partially correcb we will now show by following his movements, as they have an important bearing upon this veracious story. _ _ j Having opened his trunk Jacobs seized a strong-box within, evidently of considerable weight, and looking round to see that be was not observed, made oif through the sandhills in a lino with the sea to the east. Except to pause a little to take breath ho did not linger until be had travelled nearly a mile. He then stood immediately under a tall tree of the eucalyptus tribe, standing much higher than its fellows, on a small open flat command ing a view, between two sandhills, of a strip of sea. The tree was large and hr-althy with the exception of one limb about twelve feet from the ground, which some gale had broken off a few feet from the trunk. The stump thus left j pointed directly to the strip of sea through the sand hummocks. Nothing remained of the I fallen branch, a bush-fire having years before j swept over the spot and consumed it. After] carefully noting these particulars tho Jew set down the box and with his knife cut a long stick, trimmed off the twigs, and then measur ing it with his hand he muttered: "One foot—two — three — four—five — six feet." He then pub the stiok up to the base of tho broken limb. "One," he said; another lengbh touched the ground. " Twelve feeb," he added. He then stood directly under the dead arm with his back to the stem of the tree, im mediately facing the spot of water. Then observing a twig precisely in line, " That will do," he murmured, and proceeded to meaauro the distance with the prepared wand. "One—two—three," he went on up to five-" "thirty feet." Then he hesitated. "It will be safer," he thoughb, and carefully measured exactly ten feet at right angles from where he stood to the west. With the point of the stick he traced a Equare about the size of the box, and using his sinewy hands rapidly scooped out the soft) earth. It was soon done and the case brought to the spot. Liugeringlv, even lovingly, he put it in the hole and then hesitated once more. "Only another look,"' he whined, and raising it from the cavity he opened the lid. "How they sparkle!" he whispored; "and yet I almost like better the dull yellow of the gold. Oh! it's hard to leave them in this horrid hole; yet what can I do'! I've got as many about me as I can ccnceal. To carry them all myself is impossible and trust them to others I dare not. They think more of their paltry lives and would fling them away when tired or at the first alarm. Even if I offered great rewards they would guess my secret and eventually rob me of all. No, though it is liice leaving my heart's blood, I have thought it over and it must be done." Gazing at his treasure fondly, he murmured as if to things of life, "I wiil comeback for you, my dears, some day," and gently closing the lid and replacing the box be covered it up with tho loose soil. Then, with lingering steps and bent head, he turned away in the direction, a3 he thought, of his companions, but really straight inland. After walking half a mile or so he sat down on a log and taking a small piece of parchment out of his pocket he began to write, not observing a pair 01 fierce bright eyes glaring at him from behind a bush. The writing finished he took a shining brass box or locket from the breast-pocket of his coat It was remarkable in shape, being fantastically formed to resemble a turtle cling ing to a chain—the very thing to excite the cupidity of an ignorant savage. Tressinga spring, it opened and the Jew carefully placed the parchment within. Rising to his feet ho was about to put the chain attached round liis neck, when the watching savage, bounding to his side, struck him a heavy blow on the head with a club he held in one hand, as he seized the iockei with tiie other. As he prepared to repeat the stroke another form almost equally wild interposed his weapon. The two gazed at each other for a moment and then the first, snatching the coveted locket from the hand ot the Jew, darted away. (To be continued.) 