Items of fjUtos. HAXH.TOH PfiBSEEVIKG WoBKE. Ouring last week operations were and Jaffira; fawra caxried on Over 2,000 pairs of rahbite were pnt npS ucwuim ah 6lBo STma new trappers. The firm are able tn „ nonnoe that tham tE apraqiect aeiivity in toe trade, and it is that during toe vista large qtimBa? of tinned goods will be tamed ontlK worfa; prored highly valnable to tie country ride when in fnO swing, ,n will he pleased to leam thatiZ opetatioiB may be again continoea FffiE BbIGXDK DKMOSSTEinoS.— The annual demonstration of the m&a; Kre Brigades In toe colony win faJn, in Warrnambori an the 7th and B& March, and arrangements are being by toe local Brigade to send their bert mm to compete. The following ere therms- of toe mmnberB of toe teams selected Bose Praciioe for right men, T otmsiinr and fradder Practice for right menTmrf Hose and ladder Practice for eight mm— 1 J.Tredma. W. Smitlu B. Goes. 3. ftjw jr. Corcoran, A. Tcedrea, B. Smith ui£ Dew. Emeapemy— T. Beoderson. Prwriana farriw men. diiaiMud lim-ysil I coupling, drill for six men and AlatmsnJ Disshlro Hosb Practioe — 3. CErillv, IT H. EfcJjb ara, K. Maffinaon, D. M& mfe. W. Henderson, D. Henderson. Emergoev — E. Jostiear. The Btigade vriU also cod- pete in the Bepresentative Baee for in men, and Tng-of-'War for right men -fast the teams for team events have ootv been picked. Practioe will start en Me. day evening next, at 7 o'clock. Testers; afternoon, persona in Gray -street had aa opportunity of seeing toe firemenstwmk, for a couple of members, who eonodad that they were good enough to be im-tew in the teams enumerated above, each thai lenged one of the chosen few. The result d toe challenges was a contest, in which & selected men proved beyond doubt fiat they were entitled to their places, aithmgb V their opponents did very good work. Hamii.ton Racesg Cotb. — The a®, mil tee met at the Victoria JSntel yesterto afternoon, Mr. C. T. -Cocke in the driL Dmdera from hands willing to play at fit races were opened, and that of Mr. F. c Hughes for the Hamilton Band of tenja- formers at £4 5s, including all expenses, vs accepted. The Secretary read a letter fna toe Hsffway Department, etating in aocvr - to his application that exenrrion fares wosfi be granted on the Ar»rat,Toridand,Golei»tK, Castexton and Warrnambool lines for tlx races and that the Warxsambool train weufi be delayed io the evening to take visiioit home. A telegram was received iron tit Hon. S. W. -Cooke to toe effect that tt i;:r could do bis best to induce Lord Hupehxc ;i-- to attend toe races while in the diaBsl j;: Mr. XlnQQOn, on behalf of the grounds cum- mittee, repeated that they bad deadri U spend about £25 in alterations all of vrhii ; would be improvements. The sex enclosure was almost completed vi j the various other works such at eo closing the right of-way to fbt ladies' room, the extension of the sec-ttirj'i weighing yard and an forth, would bt - finished this week. The running tmek nt in splendid order, having been banovri twice and tolled. Mr. Gumtnow reporfec that toe TJorth Hamilton members bi voted £24 towards improvements at comae, and title wee now avails)-- ue Chairman moved a vote of to tie North Hamilton member- „The rnowy was most aoceptobte «od the m- provemento wonld /» «» increase toe atsf dance at the med- ings. The xes-on was seconded by lit Bjppan and -""rried. The stewards woe allotted vwrioos do ties for the day, met havia oortain work set apart, and Mr. Jet lYutgniB was appointed clerk of scales. In r; --Oh vrith the improv enicute, tt. Dsnmm that Mr. Gimmow had pre- e?. . ".Qlnh with a scratching board, which would --k en puilt-ys and wrald riiow toe hiaaa on both sides, ll ; was decided to_ ell members' ticken ! at sll g-tes, at to;ch members srs admitted free and also Sat a charge o!2« far Doggies and Is for saddle torses be mans a all non- members entering »,e carriage re- S nerve. The Secretary urged members d camatotee to sell as many ticketoss norible in view of tbe finanrvB of the tUob, and several lots were diatribnted for salt. It was painted out that a large saving vodi . be effected by a person faking » memteri J ticket. The cost of taking self and tn J. ladies to one meeting would be sometiilj ' . ' like Hs, while s member could attend tim meetings, taking two ladies for one gniao. The meeting Ihen closed. ,| The " Ait EfsBB" Tickeis.— Ib groat BBOoesB which bae attended tie . eeheme for "all lines" tickets on the Victorian Beilnays has induced the Cat- missioners to' still further extend til benefits conferred. A short time ago.ii was armnrmned tost ladies would heps- mated tile paxvBegeof teking ontmnnthir tickete on toe new plan all the year nam and toe sjiflioritisB have now gone a at « further; by medring toem avsilabk also fc : grentifimen teavelling on ploasnre. Begub J tionsaxe bring mads, however, to nrevert ! others than bona Jidt tonrists tomng ri- »' vantage of the tickets, and iff order fc ig obtain tosm, apfjicante will/be obliged to sign statutory deelarationB'-ttolfofi :$i they will not be used for business purpoeet A High PBICBD Shebp. — Tbe sse caflBesattainedby Messrs. W-andB- Forrto .2j in the show pens with their famnos Ire?- J wools prodnoe a mtrmil resnlt in the ehqr ol excellent sales for these animals. IM 3 week they sold a fonr-tooth rain to to : J Gray, of Geelong, at 100 guineas, a renni ; % ably fine price when it is remembered tod -j Btudtoehaweaneat every nocrfig® M sB the year. Tie ram is by Nuggri OS fg at. a Batiiday ewe; Birthday by Toot fj Kirkhsm funp-J He was exbftited at to g| Sbeeptnedsm' .ftmoniatinn Show in M m hoaae feet year; and took second in ® ;a riaas and second ehaanpionsbjp, a Ed- ,:j| theeterfcik -xamfrring first in eadi crit Arairifins example of the djffment esfimsg -1 of timvahie of mxtain riiesp 1 fleece as a valuable quality in a stun KJ- ,3 beoaoeea"riaxmg" toem is most lariv'1 f gerpstanrfafheriianistiterfiheteri | «n fbehfiwrluuil judges and amijorio 'toe ptotiriteie «k <to phne qusfity : '| ell wtiuarqlitete, and will select vbsijf - 'J knoMajtoowy sheep for their fivrt® :g toeearihMhS omTbeuring tta gn | rtosrarimritite riaas. The Maso.f» | fhraeufiad him as toe worri g titetona 'tosy echHatna for hteriing P® Btffinhnt purihaarifj M xam at tiB«miieas,aiid at toeaaehto m dnhrwl rtisFhe wooM sooner htw eeocmd prim rimrp at 1B0 guinsss. JBJ M smn hBSmowbeen TeatiBBdfarihi£«: teri pmtejDafiflBssaB, toe fareedws wdi i| teBi-toei tor bee tora I3B -ffl firaee «& tiMfe rafaf iriistogBto » 9 a.njl Ladies' Night. — This (Thursday) evening, the members of the B Hamilton Branch, A.N.A., will entertain, and be entertained by their lady friends aud other visitore, who are cordially invited to be present, The ladies' nights have always been a specially bright feature of the excel- H lent eyllabns prepared quarterly by the H Branch, and each succeeding entertainment has proved better than the previona one, K until they have come to be looked forward B to with a good deal of pleasurable anticipa- B tion. Arrangements are being made to prepare a mnaical programme, and this, with other amusements, should fill in an enjoyable evening. Reductions in Railway fbkight b of Horses.— The Railway Department'bas B decided to make an alteratiou in the charge H for conveying horses which will prove of great ben. fit to those who are sending their B horses to race meetings or to market, as will H be seen from the following : — ' ' The mini- B mum charge for horses forwarded in horse B lioxes is as follows : — One horse, or entire, ' 10s; two or three horses,. or entires, in one B horse-box, 20s. When horse-boxes are not B available and cattle trucks are supplied in- B stead, the above minimum rates are to be B observed." B Rifle Club Champion Matches. — B The entries received from the various rifle B club districts for these matches have now B been made known by the Officer Com- B manding, and from the report, we see tbat B No. fi Distriot, the headquarters of which are at Hamilton, heads the list of entries, B there being no less than 90 ; No 6 District, B inclnding Melbourne, coming next with 75 B entries. The elabs in this district which entered are: — Jl<-rino, 12; Hamilton, 10; B Warrnambool.10 ; Penshnrst, 10 ; Digby, 10 ; B Lismore, 10 ; Lorne, 9 ; Port Fairy, 8 ; B Pigeon Ponds C, and Portland 5. The dates H fixed for firing at the eepective club ranges are : — Wednesday, 7th February, for Hara- B ilton, Warrnambool, Digby, Lome, and B Port Fairy ; and Saturday, 10th Febrnary, for Merino, Penshnrst, Lismore, Pigeon Ponds and Portland. The twenty boBt B scorers from each district will be selected as district champions, and these will fire B at Williamstown on Wednesday, 28th B February, for the championship. B Hamilton v. Geangebuen.— On b. Saturday next, the return match between b the Hamilton and Grangebnrn Cricket b Clubs will take place on the Opal, and as b the best men on both sides are to be en- gaged, a close contest may be looked for- ward to. The Hamilton team wi'l be as follows : — Cavenagh, Botterill, Bromell, H Mercer, Denton, Hardacre, Melville, Moon, Rippon, M'Pherson and H. Learmonth. HThe Grangebnrn will be represented by KEbbott, Holmes, Jostlear, N. and G. Lear- Hmocth, Fallett, Prentice, W. and R. Smith, KSomer, and Walker. Emergency — Sheehan. B casteeton Racing Club. — thean- mnal meeting of the above clnb was held at H Danoock's Hotel on Saturday last. The B atiendauce was not large, Mr. Hamilton B occupied the chair, and the Secretai y read the balance-sheet, which showed a credit B balance of £4 7s lOd. As the clnb started B with a debit of £20 laBt year, this was con- B sidered verysatisfactory, and the balance- B sheet was adopted. The retiring officers were re-elected, viz — Mr. J. B. GiU, Presi- B dent ; Mr. M'Bwen, Vice-President ; Mr. B Beckett, Treasurer ; aud Mr. Ingpen, Secretary ; Committee, Messrs. Hamilton, B Carmichael, Anderson, James, Scott, C. B Youugman, Cawker, Koch and Glancy. B Messrs. Jacobs and Lawrence sent in their B- resignations, which were accepted, but it was not considered necessary to nominate B others in their places on the committee. It B was resolved to give £300 added money this B year, and Messrs. Gill, Cawker and Glancy B were appointed a sub-committee to draw np B the programme. The days fixed for the B races were the 9th and 10th May. Polo. — The members of the Hamil- B ton Polo Club had a match yesterday after- B noon, three players upholding the honour B of the Benedicts against four Bachelors. So B wenly contested was the game that when B tiue was called, both eides had secured two B goalteach, the Benediots making a gallant B stand, notwithstanding that they were B lacking jn numbers. It was decided mm?1' on he one or other B Bcore<1 a. winning point, and this B was ev?, -i-Achieved by the single B men. The HoT Secretary (Mr. W. B Sr. I lyJ -A u" that the Messrs. I M a3' "L c,ung to Hamdton on Wednesday next, the Ath infltu .when B they will play a match »Hwiuae ItnH oiud. B The game is bound tube a very interesting one, and doubtlesp there will be a large B attendance of sp>d»tors in the Friendly. B Societies' Park The local team will be B picked at the meeting of the Committee on Saturday ehig, aud the names will ap- B pear in Tuesday's issue of the Spectator. I The Sisters of Nazabeth. — Two sieter< of this worthy institution are at B preprnt in Hamilton, eoliciting the sub- B scupiions in quest of which they visit the I own yearly. The institution has been B established with purely charitable objects K those of supporting an many of tire destitute B ss funds can be raised to keep. Tbe borne is at Ballarat and over 100 people old and B young are supported there, tbe youths being taught the rudiments of a B sound education. All creeds are equally B welcome to the Home, and all sre cared for alike within its walls. Honorary medical gentlemen attend to the ailments of all, B and the sick are supplied with every pos- B Bible comfort. The efforts of the sisters in B their good cause are unceasing, and they H certainly merit the assistance of tbe general B public of the colony in their great task. i Railway Eecuesions fob the Hawtttos eaces.— The Hon. Secretary of the Hamilton Racing Clnb has succeeded in B obtaining special railway arrangements for the races on the 26th instant. Tickets will be issued at holiday excursion fores at Ararat and Caster ton, and all the immediate stations to Hamilton on Thursday, 25th, B and from Portland, Coleraine, Warrnam- bool and all intermediate stations to Hamil- ton on thfi mornino nf MnAa ThaiMin from Warrnambool will be delayed in the. evening, so tbat visitors from Penshnrst and all other stations on that line will he able to see the last of the races and return H the same evening. b macabthub. — Oar correspondent writes " The fear of bush-fires is with us again and as tile grass is drying up the B danger incrsases. Yesterday evening as Mr. Lnxton, a well known resident, was H: out the Mt. Eocles road he saw a fire H burning in a log fence on Mr. J. R. Lear- month's run. Being on horseback he gal- loped down to the station and gave the H alarm. Help was soon on the mot, and H gape were out in the fence and the spread of H the flames checked. Had it occurred a little earlier in the day there is no doubt that much graes would have been burnt. The B origin of the fire is a mystery, and One can B Lardly think that any - one would have B started itia the fence adjoins the main road B on which there is a lot of traffic." Smuggling. — The Oostoms Depart- B ment is issuing notices to all the seaports B and border etationB in Victoria to the effect B that smngglingie being carried on in various B 111 several parts of the colony. Re- warda are offered, varying from £5 np to B £100' 1,1 proportion to the value of any B 6® that may be seized, to any person, hot being a Cnstoms officer, who may be the B means of detecting any attempt to B smuggle and of causing the conviction of the offender. In addition to the reward B above mentioned any suoh person would he H further entitied to onetfairdof any fine in- B fiiotod, and one-third of the proceeds of any b goode seized and confiscated as the result of the information pven. FAREWELL TO MR. J. W. HUMMER_ STON.— A social gathering was held in the schoolroom of the Wesleyan Church last eveninhg, to give the friends of Mr. J. W. Hummerston, who is leaving the district, an opportunity of saying "Good- bye." "The Rev. H. K. Hutchison, B.A., presided, and at the outset apologised for Messrs. H. Learmonth, H. C. Malcolm and J. Law., who were unavoidably detained. Very kindly testimony was given by Messrs. J. Harman, G. Thurgood and others, to the value of the work done by Mr. Hummerston during his long connection with the church, to the esteem in which he is held, and to the sincere regret felt by his departure. Mr. Hutchison then, in the absence of Mr. Hmnmerston, who unhappily missed the early train from Melbourne, handed to Mrs. Hummerston a purse of sovereigns as a parting souvenir, and in the name of the congregation wished her and the members of her family God speed. A programme including a lecturette and other items, with refreshments at the close, filled in the remainder of a very pleasant evening, and the company, after singing "God be with you till we meet again," separated about ten o'clock. The Hamilton Town Band played a number of eelections in Gray-street last evening, with toe result tbat a large crowd assembled, and a number of promenaders passed a pleasant hour walking up and down the footpaths listening to the music. The Band has improved very much since its first appearance, and its rendition of a number of pleasing items was such as to show that the members are enthusiastic musicians, who will continue to improve and perfect themselves. It ia to be hoped tbat the open-sir performance, given last evening will be repeated on future occa sions during tbe remainder of the simmer. Recognition of Services. — Tbe Government has awarded to Constable Jones, of Panmnre, Snowden, of Terang, and Arthur, of Cobden, tbe ram of £15 each for the assistance rendered to Detec tive Christie in his eodeavonre to lmd the illicit still near Warrnambool, as the success was in a great measure due to the exertions made by the cuhstables men-- boned. Entertainment at dunkeld. — a grand entertainment ie announced for the Mechanics' Hall, Dnnkeld, to-mo. row night. The whole of the local talent and several amateurs from a distance fignre on toe programme, and a most attractive hill of fare will be set before the audience. It in cludes a number'of tableavx vivants as yet never put on in Dunkeld, and vocal aud in strumental music in great variety. The Bcenes will be enlivened with appropriate solos and duets, and taken as a whole the programme must be regard, d as one of the most enterprising ever presented in the tnumnliin Hamilton Tbeasuby. — The follow ing acoount9 are awaiting payment at the local office : — G. T. a linn, A. Bennett, A. Cameron, D. Cameron, C. A. Cross (2), W. Ferguson, A. Hall, Hamilton Borough Council, J. Jaffray, J. M'Curdy, M. H'Curdv, R. and J. Price, el Reid and Co., and L. Robinson. The National Show.— Telegrams were received by Mr. C. A. Wiggins on Tuesday from the members for the district announcing that toe Minister of Agricul ture had given a definite promise that the National Show will be held at Hamilton this year. The Hamilton Society has re peatedly tried to obtain this privilege, and it is satisfactory to record that the superior claims of the district have at length been recognised by the Government. Tbe special grant, coupled with the other advantages of the fixture, will, no doubt, guarantee a most successful exhibition, bat we would remind those who do not support the Society, that the institution requires funds this year. The Shows are a large and distinct gain to Hamilton and the surrounding district, and in view of the im portance of the coming exhibition, we trust that a large number of new subscriptions will come to hand. The Oldest Living Englishman. — A correspondent to a Manchester paper writes as follows : — "It may not be generally known that one of the oldest — if not the oldest— living Englishman is a native of Salford, and has been resident there from his birth. His name is William Hampson, and he lives in Duke-street, near the Gravel-lane Wesleyan schools. He is believed to be 111 yeare old ; and he dis tinctly remembers, as ahoy, seeing John Wesley and hearing him preach at the Sab- ford Cross, in Green Gate. After preaching, Wesley walked on to examine the then partly-raised edifice of Gravel-lane chapel. This was in 1790, and Hampson recalls the circumstances in every detail. Aged as he is, this veteran Salfordian insists occasion ally on tempting the dangers of those streets in the town which he has sturdily paced for more than a century." The Wounds of the New Rifle. — No more gruesome experiments probably have ever been made than those undertaken by the Surgaon- in-Chief of the Roumanian army, Dr. Demosthenes, with a view to determining the character of the wounds inflicted by toe new type of Mannlicher rifle, now being served ont to the Rouma nian troops. The experimenter, who has sent an account oi tne axrair to tue jrarrs Academy of Sciences, had a number of llePMe?PJE'poBfrJron,,m "rows, like soldiers on tbe field of battle. The Daily Neicss ays : — " At a range of 600 metres five bodies were placed 50 centimetres behind each other. It was found that a single ballet went through three bodies in succession when fired from that distance. TJpou the soft parte of tbe body it was fonnd that the wounds were perhaps Jess serious flmn those caused by the old-fashioned rifles, the hole made by the bullet being smaller and more even ; bat, on the whole, the injuries are far more terrible. The affects of the contact of the bullets with arterieB or with bones are almost too shocking to con template) Tbe range of the new rifles is from 3,400 to 4,000. metres, or about 24 miles." A Chinese writer wishes his people to know that "England ia the most slippery, deceitful and venomous of the nations of the earth." We have received a copy of toe Border Watch Almanac for 1894, which as usual contains a vast amount cf useful and in teresting information. There are, according to the Belfast Cham ber of Commerce, 400 floating wrecks at the present moment in tbe Golf Stream within a distanoe of 1350 miles. The coal deposits in South Africa create considerable attention,, discoveries having been made west of Jobauneaberg and in toe neighbourhood of Pretoria. His Excellency the Earl and the Countess of Hopetonn arrived at the Caramnt House last evening, and will be tbe guest of Mr. E. R. DeLittie until Saturday evening. According to offioial renorts. the Salvation Army in toe United States gained 39,102 converts last year, daring which period no fewer than 16,000,000 people attended at its services. Mr. Holywake in the Humanitarian strongly favors a tax on amusements, on theatre tickets, races, dtc. In Paris, 27 theatres contribute £10000 per annum to toe revenue. According to an American writer, three pairs of rabbits were originally imported into Australia, end cue pur and their off spring are estimated to produce in four years 1,250,000 rabbits. Monday's Herald had no fewer than thirteen eolnmite of matter about tin. Knorr, her hanging, etc. The Argue wisely, it iB thought, considered that abont half-a- ahhibilator is reported tol tarn the blackest of smoke- -Into the " loveliest white ' and to deprive it of all objectionable qnelities. The Beferec calls it " a smoke roaMtng machine." f ' ' No fewer than 1,760 ancient manuscript copies of tbe New Testament in whole jor in part exist, their abundance markedly ' con trasting with the sihallhnmber which have - come down to our ownday of the classical writers. — - \- Paris is Bupposed to be, with the possible exception of Vienna, toe heat kept city in the world ; hut, like -all ."Other admirable ; things, this work most he ptid for, and the annual cost of street oimnsing exceeds 7,000,000 franca. The feat -of otographing eound has actaaUybeenperfprmedhyaGennan sdeu-i ti6c doctor, who exhibited: 'to Aha Berlin Physical Society "jphotognapbs of fhe vihra- bions from theainging of uvpwri cuidLiy thai Bounding of -a hunting horn.: An Indian botanist has made ' experiments ttkinh SflAni-A lttm fn' Mto it'.V «nu,"'n1nnU- can , Bee.- Whether toe Verenoe-can he - accepted'-or 'ndt, Ttoese jexmrbi aente gjo to yhow that theplimta made aneffbrt to reach, supports placed at a little distance, .and grewtowaxdetoeiiportBwhereverlaoed. The hpnse govemDr sf a lxmdon rhcnpital -onoeyrentto.; the late Bir; Andrew Pint to be examined, us he witoedto inshre'Us4ife. i Bir Andrewtold-timhe hhSeUtiseasL1 