* Anthrax, or Cumberland Disease. .TS NATURE . AND PREVENTION. [Bv N. D. FeaousoN.)] ALTTHovnO every year a large number .of sheep die throughout Victoria from A~nthrax, yet there are very few stock owners who have sufficient knowledge .of the nature of the disease to enable them to rccognise it with certainty. The deaths from this cause being invariably attributable to such agencies as poison plant, liver rot, rank grass, fl{ke: or the peculiarities of the season, &c.; No d ubt some owners, when they see their sheep dropping offday by day have at least a faint suspicion of the real cause of death, but they are, as a roule, very loath to even admit it to t themselves, much less make that sus picion public. Now were there no means of coping with this torrible scourge, or were it solely confined to the colonies, then it would certainly f be advisable to keep its ravages as far I in the background as possible. But l we cannot cure the disease i it has made its appearance yet we can not only .ire, attention,I and moderate expense, it is quite practicable to entirely eradi- t cate it from a country which, like-this n portion of Victoria, is not highly c ,uitable to its development. 1 Anthrax, besides being the oldest, I is also the most universal disease that I attacks stock Under local names it ' claims its victims each year in every pountry of the world. Nearly all domestic animals are subject to it and i it is also communicable to man. It 1 made its first known appearance in i Australia as far back as 1847, when t some cattle belonging to a Mrs. Cor- t deaux, of Count) Cumberland, New t South Wales, died suddenly, and were c at first supposed to have been c maliciously poisoned. However, stock still continued to die in that neigbor- c hood for several years, and in 1851 the t then Government appointed a Com- I mission toinquire into thenew epidemic. 1 A searching examination by skilled c veterinarians proved beyond the shadow t of a doubt that the cause of death in t ,each case was Anthrax! Shortly after- I wards it attacked both sheep and cattle i in different parts of New South Wales t and Southern Queensland. In 1876 < and 1877 outbreaks occurred in j Western Victoria, and a number of t sheep died. Again the so-called c '! New pisease" was proved to be h Anthrax. Since then it has been gradua ly spread by travelling stock c and other causes, until now there are I few districts in any of the heavily. I stocked colonies that are absolutely free r from the disease. Anthrax is essen- c dially a blood disease. It is extremely -apid, and very fatal. It is spread by i the excreta and sauious discharges s -roni sick and dying animals contami- r pa ing the feed and soil, The disease s I md. . -by a veetoid micro-oranisms df t7h e o ýlnll Antlracls, con. t??ed by animals passing over in. t fec d country. So minute are these c prgnisms that twenty millions of them i could lie side by side on a square inch c of paper, and to examine them it is c necessary to have a microscope that t magnifies, at least, 500 diameters. t Gi;vu favorable circumstances, the c bacillus can thrive outside the animal c body, and pass an independent exis- t tence like a ground weed for years. In this state the bacilli grow into lo, g threads or filaments, in which spores r (a kind of seed) are formed, the 1 principal factors aiding their dovelop- t plent being heat and moisture. They I are hard to kill sad can successfully stand the usual extremes of tempera- 1 ture. These spores are what do the psisechigs they produce the disease E when sntroduced into the sytem or I blood of 'an animal, by inhalation, I with food, or by contact with sores. The post-mortem appearances of the I prgans of sheep dying from Anthrax c are sometimes so variable that a i microscopic examination of the blood t by an expert is necessary to properly 1 diaghose the disease; but as a general t fule some at least of the following e symptoms are present :-The body becomes perfectly livid immediately e after death, quickly swells, and de.-I compesition is unusually rapid, when e a strong, sickly and peculiar odor is I emitted. The spleen (hence the name I Splenic fever) is swollen, blackened., very much enlarged, and gorged with blood. It is quite rotten to the touch, i and resembles a puass of black coagola- t ted blood. At healthy sheep's spleen weighs about 3 onpces; shes suffering m h disease vri o The -sneys 'ar genirally eted in' 4 similar mamnner, brit to much smaller extent. Slar-like brown spots frequently appear on the lungs. The fat is often stained red mnd the urine discolored with blood, whilst between thie skin and the body 'patcheles of gelatinous matter aro nsot infrequently found. Tne blood is fhick, sticky, dark and tarry looking, and does not readily congeal. At the poinht of death, or immediately after, in a nunmber of instances, a little bl.od nioed with froth is ejected from the nose and natural passages of the body. It should be remembered that the examination must be made soon after cleath,' and as there is a considerable amount of danger in making the [autopsyY-eapciiully if there be any wounds on the hands or many flies 'about, it is always advisable to wear gloves during thk operation. These may be eithler post martem gloves or bee keepers' gloves.. They. cost about the same, but the latter are thIe most durable. The gloves should afterwards e disinfected and the hands washed in a solution of carbolic acid and ewater or diluted Condy's fluid. ' Fat sheep are mnore susceiptible to the diseAse than poor ones. Sometimes Ihey fall as if strack by lightening, j~~p~ ~ 4be aibwt a~iP tig times the animal shows signs of illness for a short period before death. There are slight struegles and he gasps for breath, suffocation through the bacilli destroying the oxygen in the blood being the cause of death. When during the dry weather the fattest sheep in a paddock keep dropping off, often dying in their sleep about the midday camps, the disease can, in pinety.nine cases out of a hundred, be safely set down as Anthrax, and the hundredth case ,i plso .mst probably Anthrax. Although there are several tempor ary expedients whereby the loss in sheep may to some extent be reduced-such as shifting the sheep from one paddock to another, semi-starvation, travelling, &b;,--still there is only one sure means of prevention, and that is-Inoculation with the attenuated (or weakened) virus of the' disease. Inoculation, when performed carefully and with good vaccine is an absolute preventivo for 12 months, and in a Jesser degree for several years afterwards. To test the immunity of inoculated sheep, the following experiments were made at Montpellier, in France, in 1882:- ; 25 sheep were vaccinated with the-first sadsecond Evp after. war n of these epwereinocla-, ted with a virulent virus. They were still protected till 1887. In that year out of three of the 25 which had not been tested since vaccination in 1882, two resisted the virulent virus, one succumbed. This is published in the " Montpellier Agricultural Society's Journal," for 1887. It does not hurt the sheep, or inconvenience them in any way. It leaves no trace of the disease behind it. It is certain, safe, simple, rapid and comparatively inexpensive. The sheep is caught round the middle, and swung up on to a low rail facing the operator, who is armed with a hypo. dermic syringe., This syringe contains 16 charges of the vaccine. The size of the dose is regulated by a travelling nut which revolves upon the graduated piston. The operator places his hand upon the sheep's hind leg to keep it down, and inserts the needle of the syringe beneath the skin on the clear space on the inner side of the left thigh, close to the body. The needle is driven home, the piston pressed, and the required charge--rth of a cubic centimetre. or about 5 drops-injected just beneath the skin, care being taken not to prick the flesh. A practised operator with a man to charge the syringes can get through over 6000 sheep a day, and can keep 6 or 7 men catching for him. Two vaccinations are necessary. The first with a weak preparation of the lymph; the second, a fortnight afterwards, with a less attenuated virus. Several weeks ago I attended, by invitation; the vaccination of 12,147 sheep, which were done by Mr. Gunn, near Narrndera, N.S.Wales. Of these sheep 5481 were lambs, 6478 hoggets, .ad.eL4Oa.ras.- Eleven days afteri ihe second vaccination 16 sheep were taken at random from the different classes composing this mob, and were inoculated with virulent Anthrax ; two control, or unvaccinated sheep being done at the same time. The vaccina ted sheep remained unaffected, their temperature not varying more than a degree, while the control sheep both died within 48 hours, fever setting in almost immediately after tihe operation. Much has lately been written on this subject, but the fact remains that those who have once tried inoculation on their sheep, or seen it practically and severely tested as above, are firm believers in its efficacy as a preventive. Anthrax is not confined, as some people imagine, to low lying rich ground. Such land is certainly more suitable to its development than rough hilly country, and the death rate will be higher on the former, than on the latter; but that is all. It is merely a matter of comparison. The more country is opened up, freed from green timoer, and improved, the m,:re suscep tible does it become to infeition, and the germs will reach more rapidly the adult filament stage at which the deadly spores are formed. As the germns cannot live save mlen exposed to the air, all bodies and matter which has escaped therefrom should be immediately burned or buried several feet deep; but as the majority of the deaths occur inn the very hot weather, when there is con siderable danger of starting bush-fires, and when the ground is very hard, there is little liketihood of either of these means for limiting. the ares of contamination beie .eamrsored :The proper way toK cope with the disease is by inoculation accompanied by judicious burninigs of tile infected pastures. Thelatter can safely be done if you are allowed to choose your own timlne for it, ovhereas the result of try ing to born bodies say, in January, when thie grass is long and plentiful, might be disastrous. If thie above measures were pursued for several years, I feel certain that the disease could be stamped out-at any rptpo in Victoria. I have little doubt that before long, Inoculation will become general. If not! it is more than probable that the matter will be forced upon the attention of the different Colonial Governments, who should lbpg ago have purchased the right to prepare the vapcine and dis tributed it to owners at cost price. Inoculated sheep will shortly command a better price sptthe market than their unvaccinated brethren; for no sheep could be so .afe tq the prefessional dealer or grazier. Before concluding this brief and sketching paper, I wish to say that whatever may he urged to the contrary by writers on thie subject, there cannot be much danger in using the milk from Ian animal suffering from Anthrax. In b'spport of this statement, I shall recite Slth$ foilowio experimenits ;-A friend and myself inoculated a wet ewe, whose lamb was only a tortnight old, with virulent Anthrax. The care tdied of the disease in 32 hours During her illness the lamb sucked her at frequent intervals, and at her death we injected 2 drops of her milk into the lamb's blood. In spite of all this the lamb remained in perfect health, and Ihis temperature was not raised above the normal standard (1032 degrees). We subjected the milk to a very careful examination under a powerful micro scope,.with good illumination, and found no trace .o the Bacillus Anthracis. We then applied carbolic acid to the milk, in order to kill cary germs which might be present, stained a class with the result, and again submitted the dise to a searching and protracted examination. The microscope failed to reveal the slightest trace of any foreign organisms. If after once the disease had made headway, the smallest droplet of the ewe's blood had been injected into the lanmb, the whole college of veterinary surgeons could not have saved him. INothing is so extremely stisceptible to Anthrax as a young lamb; therefore I ho!d that thie milk was absolutely free from any trace of the disease; . 