NORTHAMPTON. At the police court, on Saturday, the 24th inst., a case of rather more than ordinaiy in terest was heard before Mr. S. Mitchell, J.P., and, if his decision be a correct one, it should serve as a warning so many. HDonginai Tibbingar was charged with obtaining several sums of money and certain articles under false pretences from Mr. A. Brand of Lynton. From the evidence adduced, it appeared that in December and January last Tibbingar for these considerations promised to make an agreement to work for Mr. Brand for twelve months, but failed to fulfil that promise. After hearing all the evidence, Mr. Mitchell said he should be obliged to dismiss the in formation, holding that the fact of a person obtaining money or even anything under a promise to do a certain something did not constitute false pretences according to law, which he (Mr. Mitchell) said he could not over-ride, no matter how much he could have wished it ; however he hoped that Mr. Brand would be able to take some other proceedings against Tibbingar that would lead to his con viction, for undoubtedly Mr. Brand had been treated badly by the defendant. The traffic to the goldfields on the new route still continues brisk. A good many diggers have passed through the town en route for the fields during the past fortnight. The fact of the Muichison river running en hances the value of this road considerably. Hot weather and big bushfires are anything but plcgngniL, and I niust say that we are get ting a full share of these blessings, and have had during the past two months. Mr. Cun ningham and Mrs. Jos. Drage have haa oc casion, several times, to send into town for assistance to extinguish the fires in their vicinity and to save their homesteads from ruin. As might, be expected, many willing hands responded to the call to snch laudable work. I understand that Mr. Mitchell sent all the men he could ou Friday and Saturday last, and these, with some others, under the superintendence of P.c. Pollitfc, after great exertions, "managed to save a large haystack and other property belonging to Mr. J . Drage and others of Knockanena. The origin of these bushfires is a query to many, and vari ous are the solutions given to the problem. It is contended by some that had the Com monage Board allowed more stock to run on the commonage to keep down the. feed, which was plentiful before the fires, the bushfires would probably not be so frequent and dan gerous as they have proved to be of late. It certainly seems anything but satisfactory to stockowners to have to pay for preserved and well looked after feed to be destroyed by bushfires. There are others of opinion that it would have been much better had. stock, even i Al. _ # V N L T. »£ J XiAAn allAtlHUl lif) ii tne lees naanoc »een paui, ucbu have fed on the grass which has been destroy- ( ed by the fire on the people's commonage. An old settler said to me the other day : — " The eternal Northampton Commonage question will, in my estimation, never be satisfactorily settled until the millennium when, aecordinS to the Rev. Baxter of prophetic fame,_ there will be some chance of settling all difficul ties;" even the present eontroversety now raging between Messrs. "Zoilus," Harvey and others re this question will probably he cleared up when that blessed time arrives, although, to judge from the tone of the public, who seem to take much interest in this matter, it is but fair to say that Mr. Harvey has, to use a classic phrase, "the thick end of the stick." The Rev. E. Brereton paid his customary visit to this town on Friday last, and held ser vices in the Catholic Church on Sunday. The Rev. Mr. Barclay held services in the Gwalla Church on Sunday last. Messrs. Solomon and family (of horehound celebrity), Campbell and W hitloek started for the Murchison fields on Saturday last well equipped for the long journey. Mr. J. A. "Williams, of the Miners' Arms Hotel, sent his team away with a load to the same place on Saturday, and Mr. Sidney Hosken starts to day. Monday, with two heavily loaded teams. February 26th. 