GENERAL NEWS. A Change or Hoteleeepkrs.—After a I year's occupancy of Gray's Inn, Mount Barker, Mr. E. Jeffreys is giving up hotel keeping and is about to try liis fortune in West Australia. The departing landlord's place will be filled by Mr. White, of Saddle worth, who will take possession next week. District Councils' Association.—The annual meeting of the District Councils' Association in Adelaide on Friday, 14th inst, was largely attended and was under the presidency of Mr. G. F. Cleland. The following southern councils were represented : —Belridere, Mr. J. Jackson; Crafers, Mr. W. Dyer; Echunga, Mr. C. Bom ; Encoun ter Bay, Mr. ff. Grosrenor; Macclesfield, Mr. J. Logan; Morphett Tale, Mr. W. E. Bagshaw ; Nairne, Sir. B. Williams ; Onka paringa, Mr. J. Williams; Stirling, Mr. G. Sudd ; Strathalbvn, Mr. Berry Smitli; and Teatree Gully, Mr. W. Haines. The balance sheet showed a credit of £162 and the assets and liabilities a surplus of £178* There are 107 councils subscribing to the Association. Mr. W. H. Ind was elected president for the eimiing year, and the other officers were re appointed. After disouBaion it was decided that in fotnre the Association meetings sbontd be held only half-yearly. Various matters of interest to district councils were considered, the most important being pro posed amendments of the Bushfires, Sparrow, Thistle and Burr, and Roads Acts. The Murray Fiats.—Although it is too soon to prophesy as to the result of the coming harrest on the Murray Flats it is cheering to know that the prospects are extremely good. The season which has seemed so wet and cold to residents in the Hills has provided ample moisture for the lower-lying and drier lands on the borders of the Murray, and the crops around Mannnm and Palmer are very healthy in appearance and give promise of an excellent return to their owners. Oh that wheat were worth 5s. a baBhel! ONKATASTSGA AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY.— The annual ploughing and digging matches and show of horse stock in connection with this society will be held at Inverbrackie, near Woodside, next Thursday (27th inst.). The prise-list is a liberal one and should attract numerous competitors, so that the great success which was scored last year should be repeated. The " horses in ection " class is a particularly good section, if we may judge from the awards offered. The ploughing will start at 10 a.m. and the digging at 11, while the horsee will be judged during the afternoon. Athletic Sports at Mount Barker.— At a meeting held - at Aid ridge's Hotel on Tuesday evening to consider the advisability of holding athletic sports at Mount Barker during the summer months a committee of four gentlemen, with Mr. H. Elphick as faon. secretary pro tem., was appointed to canvass the town and ascertain what support will be given locally to the proposed undertaking. A report as to the subscriptions promised and the general feeling in regard to the project will be presented at a meeting to be held on Friday evening, September 28. A Well-managed Southern Mine.— The New Reedy Greek mine at Palmer, which is under the management of Captain Hoskings (late of the .. Alma mine, Waukaringa), is giving steady employment to a large number of men. The battery is kept going full time aud is easily supplied with stoue from a large reef. The quality of the stone is unfor tunately very poor at' present, and it speaks volumes for Captain Hoskings' ability as a miner and his care as a manager that he is able not only to pay all working expenses but actually to make a fair profit on atone going less than 4 dwt. to the ton. Truly ibis is an example to be copied by other South Aus tralian mine managers. Death of ah Old Resident.—Mrs. A. C. Walkom, widow of the late Mr. W. Walkom, of Mount Barker, died very suddenly from heart disease at the residence of her daughter (Mrs. B. Neate) on Sunday afternoon. The deoeased lady, who was greatly respected, was a colonist of about 50 years and had resided at Mount Barker for the whole of that long period. She leaves a family of five danghters and three eons, and the grand children number 32. The surviving children are Mrs. S. Martin, of Brim, Victoria ; Mrs. J. Tamblyn, of Vatina; Mrs. G. C. Hunt, of Adelaide; Mrs. B. Neate and Miss H. Walkom, of Mount Barker; Mr. T. Walkom, of Tarcowie; Mr. H. Walkom, of Broken Hill; and Mr. J. W. Walkom, of Mount Barker. The funeral, which took place at the Mount Barker Cemetery on Tuesday, was largely attended by relatives and sympathisers. The National Defence Leasee.—At the meeting at Mount Barker on Thursday, 13th inst., convened by the Rational Defence League it was decided to form alocal branch of the League, and" Mr. Fred. Pattridge was elected hon. secretary. The League's annual meeting was held in Adelaide last Friday evening, when speeches were delivered by the Hon. J. J. Duncan, M.L.C., Mr. W. Copley, the Hon. J. Darling, M.L.C., Mr. J. H. Symon, Q.C., Mr. J. C. F. Johnson, M.P., Mr. S. Tomkinson, and others. Among the gentlemen elected to form the Council for the ensuing year are the following residents of .the South:—Messrs. T. Atkinson (Willunga), W. Cornish (Gumeraoha), W. P. Dunk (Milang), C. Dunn (Charleston), J. Dunn (Mount Barker), W. Merchant (Norton's Summit), and C. B. Young (Kanmantoo). Mobe " Mbbry Moirants."—Although the attendance in the Monnt Barker Institute on Wednesday evening was a disappointing one the fact was not allowed to influence the performance of Mr. W.' B. Warner's " Merry Moments " Company, and a long and varied program was carried out with great spirit and success. The audience was most appreciative, and, the demands for encores being cheerfully responded to, no one could complain of the amount of amusement given in return for the admission-money. Without particularizing the itemB we may remark that the five performers—Miss Sophie Hart and Messrs. W. B. Warner, Oscar Smith, Norris, and Keenan—provided an entertainment which well deserved much larger patronage. In addition to the solo singing and the comicalities there were clever expositions of ventriloquism and remarkably skilful roller skating, while a charming soubrette executed a graceful skirt dance. The exasperatiDgly small stage would not permit of the farce, " The Chinese Question," being played, but a good substitute was provided. The company will go northward shortly and should do good business during the summer and show season. Lectcbe on Netw Zealand.—There was an attendance of about 40 at the meeting of the Mount Barker Young Christians' Union in the Baptist Church on Tuesday evening, when Mr. J. D. Hill lectured on " New Zealand." New Zealand, said Mr. Hill, was a lovely conntry and was justly called " the . Britain of the South," having cliff and forest scenery which was as good as any to be found in the world. The lecturer took his audience in imagination on " the round trip "—1 earing Melbourne and going south of Tasmania and thence aronnd Maorilaud and. back to Melbourne—describing the various ports at which the steamers call. He said that New Zealand's lakes were equal to those of Switzerland, while its snow-clad mountains were most lovely to behold. As a producing and exporting country New Zealand was well to the fore, and the meat-freezing industry had done much to set the country on its feet financially. New Zealand in itself possessed ail the resources requisite for a powerful nation and might be expected ere long to be very thickly populated. As an evidence of its fertility, in some' places an acre was capable of grazing 10 sheep all the year round, while the Canterbury district yielded between 40 and GO bushels of wheat per acre. Reference was also made to the terrific winds which trouble iheNew Zealanders, to the volcanic conditions, and to many other points of interest, and at the close of the lecture a number of Maori curios aud photos of the island scenery were shown. Mr. Hill, whose remarks were interesting and entertaining, was accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Cobea and its Comaikbce.—The Journal des Debate gives some particulars about Cores and ita commercial relations. Up to 1882 this portion of Asia had remained altogether isolated from the rest of the world. Since then three ports have been opened to trade— viz., Jen-Tchouan or Chemulp, Fuseu, and Ouan-San, of which the first is the most important. A few years ago this place, Chemulp, was nothing but a miserable village, composed of a few fishermen's huts ; it is now said to be a flourishing commercial centre. The population comprises 40 Americans and Europeans, 600 Chinese, 2400 Japanese, and 3000 Core&ns.; Fusan is the great southern port of Corea, which is only 30 miles distant from the Japanese island of Teou-Chima and not quite 100 miles from Simonoseki. At Fusan there is said to be a Jaoanese colony of 4000 persons, besides a floating population of 7000 fishermeD. So-ul, the capital of Cures, is said to hare a population of about 275,000 iuhabitants. It is sur rounded by a wall 12£ miles in circumference. The commerce with the United States and Europo attains the snm of eight millions sterling, of which £4,800,000 are imports and £3,200,000 exports. The amount of duties levied for 1893 came to £80,000. The commerce is nearly all iu the bands of the Japanese, who have lines of steamers and display great enterprise in establishing industries in the settlements. There is a fleet of 2000 boats, manned by 12,000 fishermen. The Late Rev. James Howie.—We have to record the death of the Rev. James Howie, which took place on Monday, September 10. Our local correspondent writes as follows :— Mr. Howie was born in Leith, Scotland, on September 16,1819. He was trained for the ministry at Glasgow and accepted a call to the Independent Church at Nairn on October 24,1846.' After a pastorate of' 11 years "his attention was directed to South Australia,' to which he came under the auspices of the Colonial Missionary Society in 1857. Under the direction of the aociety's representative, the Rev. T. Q. Stow, Mr. Howie for a few months supplied at Honghton, Tea tree Gully, and other places. Proceeding^ to Macisren ^ale Jim January 16, IEBK. he soon after settled there, exeHaringforSCfc. years a highly successful .ministry-. <^Tbe ".only. surviving children are^wo daugn^rs-pMirs. W, C.' Auld and the wife .of Mrr C. ,E: Harris. The remains of the late Mr. Howie we're .interred in the Congregational Church cemeteVy at. Macisren Yale on Wednesday, 12th inst., when a large number of people assembled to pay their last tribute of respect to one who for so many years had been to them a faithful and losing pastor. The cofin was carried by relays of sympathetic heaters from various denominations and folio we dby relatives and friends, many of whom had:.home a" consider able distance. Animpiesiiveservioe in the church -was conducted by. the Her. P. W. Cor, assisted by . the .Rev. Messrs. Nicholls, Robertson, Raymond,Manthorpe.and Wilson. The grave was heaped -wi|h a profusion of choice flowers. " On Sripdiy, 16th inst., the" Rev.. P. W. Cox,, of. the, Hindmarsh-square Congregational Church, Adelaide, conducted a memorial service in the- Congregational Chnrch. Taking for his text Peter I., 3, the preacher bore testimony to the long and use ful career of the late Mr.. Howie. In the evening Mr. Cox preached, from Peter I., 5 The congregations were large on each occasion. Opposins the DEHOCJBtTic Pasty.—The following is the text of the circular by the isBue of which the National Defence League gets together meetings such as that.held at Mount Barker last week:—" Dear Sir,— Enclosed we hand-you- -notice of a meeting called by us for the" purpose of taking into consideration the continued successes of the Democratic Party in" gaioiug seats in the Legislature. UhleBS very strenuous efforts are made this party will'entirely dominate the politics of the colony.- In-every large eentre of population and many country totrns associations have been, and-are being, formed ' by tbem for the purpose' of securing greater -representation in Parliament, to enable tliem to impose upon :iand ^taxation altogether disproportionate to'that levied on other forms of wealth, and to introduce State socialism in various forms.. This Should be sufficient to make all interested take a • determined stand by united action as a party to oppose such measures. We are; of opinion that the only effective way to aodbmplish thiB is for us to become stanch adherents of "a party—prepared to sink to some "extent our individual preferences and loyally support candidates cbosen by ballot ofour associates. We feel that immediate action'is imperative and is thrust upon ns in order -to protect individual liberty and property, lawfully acquired by dint of industry and thrift, from entire or partial confiscation. We are assured that much can be done to bring together in closer union the producers and landowners of the colony, so that a powerful political body can be formed which will exert a very marked influence at Parliamentary elections. To ensure success early actiou is important; we, therefore, specially appeal to you to be present, so that the meeting may be thoroughly representative and the whole question fully discussed." Daisy Produce at the Show.—The Advertiser made the following comments in its report upon the dairy produce at the Adelaide Show,-—" The quality of local butter has undoubtedly improved greatly under the bonus system, as the high standard fixed by the Government Expert (Mr. Ebdy) has compelled the factory managers to turn out an article which has attained the very acme of perfection for the purpose of securing the State subsidy of 2d. per lb. This example is also having a beneficial effect in the market ing of the butter. Several of the leading factories were competing in the export class on Thursday, aud all through the butter was j of an exceptionally fine quality both as to color and flavor. It was exhibited in the regulation export botes and was of snch an even excellence throughout that it required the trained palate of an expert to appreciate the difference iu taste. The Mount Barker Factory was successful in securing the first award, and great credit is due to Mr. Palmer for turning out such an admirable exhibit. The Mount Barker Factory is one of the most complete in the colony, and, situated as it is in the centre of . an excellent and ex tensive dairying district, -its future Buccess is assured. The Kondoparinga Factory, which has since its establishment produced an article of the finest quality under the management of Mr. Henderson,- annexed the second award, while the Blakiston Factory was placed third. The separator butter prepared for the local markets was also of an exceptionally good quality, and in this class there was also very keen competition. The sliow of cheese, too, wsb an important feature of the exhibition and attracted mucb attention. The contest in bacon and hams was greater than it has previously been for many years, and it is questionable whether in-4he days of the Boo Bee Factory there was a -better display in this line. The. oheeBe industry is evidently reviving after a period of inactivity, and judging from the number of exhibits on Thursday and their excellent quality the South Australian producer Intends to make a strong bid for the chief place both on the local and intercolonial marketB. Both the factory bacon and hams exhibited on this occasion were everything that could be desired, and it was evident from the primeness of the meat that the dairies which are now established throughout the colony are having a very desirable effect in improving tbe standard of manufacture. The Monks of Old, Findon, and liobethal factories were all large ex hibitors, and in several instances tbe judges only gave a decision after much difficulty. 