GRETA. The Weather. — The terrific heat of the last nine or ten days continued unabated up to Wed nesday evening, when, at seven p.m., a heavy thunderstorm came over from the west and cooled the air to some extent. Only a very trifling fall of rain took place, however, and by Thursday noon the heat was as intense as ever, and the smoke of bush-fires filled the air. But again, as on the pre ceding night, the aerial disturbance started at about unir^nDu DiAf c*uu uuio uiuic uuo imu i-niua uvwu m more generous quantities, to gladden our hearts. The heaviest and most continuous downpour was at nine p.m., and this continued till close on eleven. Bat, after all, the. amount of water was much less than we need, and, certainly, leBs than we ex pected. Friday morning was bright and bracing, with a gusty wind from the west, and the atmos phere was much cooler than before the storm ; and again on that day, ns the afternoon advanced, the electric disturbance visited us, and thundered big guns most of the evening, but with no rain to speak of. Saturday dawned dull and cloudy, but after two or three sullan rolls o£ thunder — just to remind us that such things can be as it were— the haze cleared off and the hot blistering sun took charge with more vigour than ever, and most of the afternoon was excessively unpleasant. However, once more, as the darkness fell, the heaviest thunder and rain of the week came on, giving everything a thorough and welcome drenching and lasting from 7 p.m. till midnight. The weather on Sunday was cool and cloudy. Deferred Paiment. — In the question of pay ment for skips left in the Greta pit by the old company, we may report that the new lessee has not yet paid the miners, as per his promise, and does not apparently intend to do bo. The money due is £15 16s, and recently Mr. Cowlishaw claimed court costs off this to the extent of J62. At the lodge meeting held on Thursday, a letter was read .from the gentleman in which he increases his claim to £.5 16s, and addB that this does not include any deductions that may yet have to be made for unpaid dataageB re police court cases, etc., etc. I The lodge has now determined to have no more of him, aud will apply for payment of their wages to Mr. Palmer, the official liquidator, it being con tended that his word or promises were of no value whatever. Cricket. — Greta C.C. v. East Maitland C.C. — These teams tried conclusions on the Greta Park on Saturday iu the Badge contest, aud terminated in an easy win for Greta by one innings and 45 runs, due to the superior bowling of Gordon and Fogarty. Greta went to the wickets first, making 104, of which Fogarty was responsible for (28), Eckert (15), Hatcher (13) and Kaiser (11). Doyle was most successful taking 7 wickets. The East Maitlanders then went in fully realizing that they had a rough job before them. They were, however, quickly dis posed of for the small score of 20. Gordon taking 6 wickets for ^ runs and Fcgarty 3 for 12. The visitors had to follow on, but were only, able to tot up 39, the only ones able to do anything, being Pulver, Wiudross, and Clemens. These 3 making 31 oat of the total dcore. Palmer bowled well tak ing 8 wickets for 14 rune. G. EoBtron, b A. Doyle ? 5 A. North, c RIohards, b A. Doyle ? 7 E. Fogarty, b A. Doyle ? 28 E Jone8, b A. Doyle ? S N.Palmor, W. Lewis ? 3 J. Gordon, b A. Doyle ? 1 \V. Hatcher, b A. Doyle ? 18 J. Kaiser, b A. Doyle ? .'. ? 11 G. Eokert, o Doyle, b Bamssy ? 15 W. Densley, run out ? „. ? 3 W. Fryor, not out ? j.. ? til „' Sundries ? 7-- -{ Total ? lot East Maitiand. , Hirst Innings. Lewis, c GordoD, b Fogarty ? ..,„ 6 RiohardB. b Gordon ? , ? g Brown, b Fogarty ? o WindroEB, c and b Gordon ? o Pulver, b Gordon ? 2 Ramsay, thrown out ? ... ? ., o Doyle, o Gordon, b Fogarty ? 0 Clemens, b Gordon ? 6 Mudd, b Gordon ? , ? ,- 0 Fitzpatriok, b Gordon ? o Stout, not out ? 8 Sundries ? l Total ? 20 Second Innings. Stout, b J. Kaiser ? o Clemens, o A. North, b N. Palmer ? 9 KioUardB, b N. Palmer ? 0 Lewis, b N. Palmer ? 0 Fitzpatriok.b N. Palmer ? , l Kumsay, o and b N. Palmer ? ,. l Brown, b J. Kaiser ? , ? ..;... ' 3 WindrosR, not out ? 9 Fulver, b N. Palmer ? 11 Mudd, bN. Palmer ? 0 A. Doyle, h o w, b N. Palmer. ? 0 Total ? 39 First innings ? 20 Grand total ...;.,., ? C9 ' Nuisance. — Several complaints' have been made here lately with reference to bullock teams camp ing out in the main street at night time. I do not wish, to cast any reflection on the Inspector of Nuisances in the discharge of his duties, as in the present condition of people's finances he naturally doeB not wish to prc-Becute if possible, and for this I give him credit, but, nevertheless, the matter has become a real nuisance and a danger to the public safety, and steps should be at once . taken to have it put down. Only recently several gentlemen, whilst driving, have met with some narrow escapes, through their horses having shied at these ponderous waggons, generally camped near the public thoroughfares. Another growing evil is the presence, after dark, iu our streets, of sulkiss and other conveyances, without lights ; also, stray ing horses and cattle : all of which are violations of the borough by-laws, and are causing grave com plaints and serious danger. vicinity cf this enterprising agricultural centre are about to ' jubilate' in aome measure, and we have an invitation to attend a school concert on the 5th instant, when the member for Weafc Maitland will be present and distribute prizes to successful scholars. The affair is of course got up in connec tion with tho Eothbury Publio School, and tho entertainment will be held in Mr. Wills's wool shed, tho amphitheatre of many a previous happy even ing. - . - :.-,..,??? ? «ceta, Deo. 2, 1884 ,--;.:. ? ;. ., * ? ? 