VASSE. From our Correspondent.) "February 13. The monthly meeting of the Bussel ton Municipal Council was held on Wednesday evening last. Present, Councillors Fox, E. A. Pries, A. R. Pries, Jos. Bovell, C. J. Hough and J. Holgate. In the absence of the Mayor the senior Councillor, T. Fox. was voted to the chair. The meeting was one of the most important which has been held for some considerable [time past, as it was decided that tenders be at once called for a large amount of work amongst which is the following for which tenders are returnable on Wednesday, 21st instant:— Macadamizing about 12 chains of road on Causeway, 4 chains in Albert Street, 4 chains in Prince Street, 7 chains in Kent Street, and 4 chains in Duchess Street. Footpaths—About 7 chains forma tion in Albert Street, 7 chains in Prince Street and about 19 chains in Kent Street. Quarrying about 300 cubic yards of stone and carting abont 300 cubic yards of stone and 100 cubic yards of gravel to places in the Municipality where it may be required. In view of the completion of the Boyanup-Busselton Railway about the end of the year this work has been decided on so as to have the thorough fares leading to both passenger and goods station in good order and condition by the time of opening. An extraordinary meeting of the Council was also held on Saturday evening last at which there were present the Mayor (Mr. G. W. Barnard), and Councillors Fox, A. E. Pries, E. A. Pries, J. Holgate, Jos. Bovell, C. J. Hough and the Town Clerk. Tenders were accepted for clearing and levelling Peel Terrace from the junction of Queen Street to the Agricultural Society's Show Ground, the lowest tender, viz., that of Mr. W. Schiff, being accepted, amount £25. It has been decided by the Council that in future 75 per cent. on amount of contract be paid during progress of work and that the remaining 25 per cent, be retained until work is satis factorily completed, which if done within the time stated in tender will be then paid. If not completed within the given time the amount retained to be forfeited. Mrs. Hutchins, whose decease I reported in my last, was interred in the cemetery of the RSoman Catholic Church, the service being conducted by the Ven. Archdeacon Lecaille, Dr. Hungerford has returned from the Donnelly and I am glad to report that he thinks that although Mr. Bishop met with a most severe acci dent that he is likely to recover from his injuries. A man was reported as being lost at the Lower Blackwood and mounted policeman Sutton was sent out in search. On his arrival, however, I am informed that the man had been found. Bush fires have been very prevalent on the Lower Blackwood. "Mr. Hugh Brockman at Dudenallup had his kitchen burnt down and a quantity of stores consumed. Mr. J. Savage's place at St. John's Brook had a narrow escape from burning, and Mr. G. Higgins kitchen also took fire, the latter, however, was not the result of bushfires. To-morrow is the last day on which claims can he received by the Electoral Registrar. Although the list for the district will be increased it will not be so large as it might have been, many neglecting to register their claims, while for the Province I fear there will be many excluded from exercising their right through a misconception of the absolute necessity of re-registra tion. I notice by the various papers several names mentioned as aspirants for Legislative honours for the Sussex at the forthcoming election. It is well said one must go from home to hear news. I certainly have not heard of anyone other than Mr. Cook worthy in the field so far. When I do so I will certainly advise you.. We are having delightfully cool weather, with the exception of two or three days the Summer has been uni formly a cool one the evenings invari ably cool and pleasant. The Railway works are being pushed vigorously forward and the men employed have proved themselves a very quiet and law abiding lot quite different from the usually accepted idea of what navvies are expected to be. There is to be a scientific glove contest here on the evening of the 23rd instant between Con. Sullivan and William Morrison for a trophy. Both men are said to have distin guished themselves as boxers and I daresay many of our residents of sporting proclivities will make a point of witnessing the exhibition of skill in the noble art of self defence. Mr. Yelverton is getting on well with the loading of the Barque Gaapaa which I expect will be ready for sea about the end of the week. The centre board schooner John W. Taylor has also been loading at Quin dalup for Dongarra and cleared yes terday with about 50 loads of Jarrah scantling. Major Gardiner, Inspector of schools, is with us giving drill in struction to teachers and pupils of the various schools, Major Gardiner is certainly working hard and like what ever Major Gardiner does it is done thoroughly. I notice that he takes the teachers at 7 a.m. and that he ap pears to be occupied almost without intermission until between 5 and 6 in the evening. 