Redwater in the Gulf. A communication has been received from Mr. C. J. Pound, director of the Stock Insti tute, "who is at present investigating the disease among cattle in the Gulf country, known as redwater, in which he recommends that the area affected should be placed in quarantine to prevent the spread of the affec tion. The Colonial Secretary has pointed out that the commissioners appointed under the Diseases in Stock Act have full power to take the necessary action should they deem it expedient to do so. Mr. Pound is of opinion that the disease may be due to a tick with which some of the cattle In the Gulf are infested. This tick is of the order ixodire and is known as Ixodes bo vis, and is identical with the tick that infests cattle in the State of Texas. By some of the American veterinaries the disease known as Texan fever in cattle has been attributed to this tick, and it is worthy of note that the Texan fever resembles in some particulars the disease known in the Gulf as "redwater," and has been classed as a splenic fever. In Mr. Pound's description of the post mortem appearances of cattle that had died of redwater, it will be remembered that he stated that it resembled Cumberland disease (anthrax) but without the characteristic bacillus. "When the female ixode is satiated with blood, she attains a large size, parts from her host, and falls to the ground; and, concealed beneath some object, lays an immense num ber of eggs with which she remains in contact for some time. Hatching lasts from 15 to 20 days, and the female ixode, empty and shrivelled, soon dies. It will therefore be seen that as with intestinal worms, the absence of bosh fires must, to some extent, be held responsible for both the many internal and external parasites with which stock have been infested in recent years. A bush firo at the time the tick or the eggs are on the ground could not fail to destroy them in immense numbers. The late Mr. Haly frequently re marked that the Australian p;tsfcures were, at the time we received them from the blacks, the healthiest in the world, and he attributed this to their annual renovation by bushfires started by the blacks in their pursuit of game. 