The SoHdarity Party. Dear Mr Editor,-Your last issue contained «very sever», and I must odd, a grossly unfair and inaccurate attack on the Labor party ia the N S W Assembly, if the Wer in question were from thecolumnsof the great Freetrade dailies of course it would give us .th« moat sincere satisfaction ; condemnation from each a source is exactly what we desire. But when your naper takes up toe retoof tte boodle press, . the impression likely to be created is very tojurtous, and 1 trust you will kindly allow a brief reply. The Central Com mittee is not " mainly composed of half a doten longhaired, etc, humbugs" It it mainly composed, I believe, ot over so delegates from the different Labor Electoral Leagues in toe city and country. None of them «same to the country tba week before last, or, I think, the year'before last The free traders, as in the Darlington electorate, are Tether fot» of new chum repiesentatives ; we prefer men of some colonial experience. As to the want of success of the solidarity party, I would wish to point om «hat* much larger proportion of pledged than unpledged members ware «tnraed. Intact, scarcely one ol what you describe as the M genuine labor party;* were returned, even .in their great strongholds, tb» shearing districts, except where they were edoptedby one or other of the old gangs. It is positively amusing to hear of the sudden affected horror of some oftiiose "genuine" gentle men to the idea of the pledge. They all, (Cotton, Hindis, Bavister, Cook, Fitegerald, Houghton, Clark, et hoc gena» omne,) readily took the pledge in 189; : they shudder at the much less stringent pledge we*required in 1B9J. With refer* en ce to the iniquity of opposing Mr Cook, a short and very plain explanation may be necessary to some Hi-formed per* sons-though, really, Mr Editor, I think you «re anile as well aware of what I am about to relate as myself. The Labor-party was formed to unite démocratie freetraders, pro tectionists and fiscal agnostics like myself under a common banner. Our Leader s dogma was an entire distrust and antagonism to Dibbs, Parkes, Reid, Garvan, McMillan, Wise, and tue whole gang who bad Bolong fooled and misgoverned this province. It was understood that the new party Wen to keep strictly aloof from both the ojd factions and impar tially to support or oppose the proposals of either on »their merits. Mr Cook was returned on this understanding. His first act was to join the Freetrade push, whose Iniquitous conduct during the great strike actually led to the formation of the Labor-party. The wretched pretence that Reid ls more democratically inclined than any previous Premier I» too thin to deceive the most obtuse, Reid ls aa utter pup pet in the bands cf more powerful men, and his colleagues, with the single exception of Sydney Smith, wilt be just aa democratic as they have always shown themselves to be In past administrations. New South Wales need expect nothing from the party who, for the fifty years they have governed the colony,nave never passed one popular measure except ander- compul sion ; who have alienated all the good and desirable land in the country, saddled ns with dob* for unprofitable rall, ways, pensioned their pals to the tune of the hundreds of thousands, (the family of the wildly democratic B R wise alone having drawn, I believe, considerably over ¿1*0*000 from a sympathetic country in pensions), and, $n,» word, , gave us clearly to understand that from them nothing good was ever to be expected. Ot course Mr Cook «an reply with effect that he expects something very good «Vom them. Í1500 a year is by no means to be despised then hard times, he late Dibbs Cabinet has, 1 believe »nd tope, forever damned the cause of protection in the colony. I sun equally confident that a couple ot year» under «. ed vanned Fro» trade" wilt have a precisely similar effect on the fortunes of freetrade. By that time the country's fortunes Will be Ut so low an ebb that, in simple self-preservation, all classes frill howl down the exponents of both sections of fiscal tptn fool ery, and strive earnestly for some good practical proposals such as the moderate and sensible demands set torch in the Labor platform, in order that a distracted country may get some measure of real relief. The charge against the "Solidarity" party of being anxious to grasp the emoluments ofoffice is y simply childish, and very silly childishness at X that. The most malignant among the bopdlefanga has to acknowledge that not even the mpÄ ob jectionable of the Labor-party would receive the slightest reward beyond the Parliamentary salary. They consistently refused «ven. positions on the Public Works Committee, where the fees in some cases ran into ¿900 a year. Of «ourse they are exceedingly anxious to obtain office - why shouldn't they be ?-but not as a gift from Reid or Dibbs. The time will, please Providence, come soon, when we trust to have a whole Cabinet of genuine democrats. I hardly think it worth while to refer -ttl any length to your accusations of " Dirty and disrepu table trickery, sordid ambition and greedy desire, devious devices, solidarity scheming, slinking into our lair after the election," &c.; I confess-to feel ing a keen sorrow at meeting such abject Tommy« rot in the GAZETTE. I have never seen any thing like it in your columns in the past, and aa confident that the paper we prise so much will be free from similar drivel in the future, l am, Sir, Yours ever fraternally, E. O'DONOGHUE. Richmond, August 21. [In reply to its correspondent, the G*t¿TXS here refers him to the motto which it has adopted and has adhered to since its first issue, Let the journalist defend the doctrines pf the party he-approves ; let him criticise and condemn the party of which he does not approve ; reserving always his right to applaud nts opponents or censure his friends, as tue truth muy require and he will be independent enough for a free Country.-GARFIELD The GAZETTE has always been in sympathy with the platform of the Labor-party, ¿rot because such is the case, it is not preparad io agree-with every idiotic action that the Central-committee may be guilty of. As to the Central- committee consisting of over 50 delegates from city and country Leagues,-is it not a fact that the ruling spirit (Holman) affects to represent a branch (Bowral) which bas not had any actual existence for many long months ? Yet this worthy appears to be the head, tail, and middle of the whole con* cern. Again, one prominent member of the Central committee is the Member for the Tweed, who, it is currently reported, has not yet been nine months in the colony, and is not, therefore, eligable under the new Electoral Act, to sit in Parliament. The GAZETTE is not going to attempt the Herculean task of defending the old parties, who have in their" turn consistently contrived to run the colony deeply intdtlebt and to dispossess its people of territory which should never have been parted with ; neither is it going to say what Reid will do until he actually does lt. The "Solidarity" party having decided to support the Government, that Government must carry out its pledges, and if it does not do so, then in should go and make way for-a Government that will. Ed. GAZETTE.j For Scones, Puddings, Cakes, ladies take good advice ; use WAUGH'S BAKING POWDER and have them nice. ADVT, Read this : DB FRED WABE. Dentist, visita Rich mond and Windsor ever month alternately. Bush-fires were raging last week oil the heights on the Colo and Hawkesbury Rivers. The heavy westerly winds pre vailing and the dry weather assisted the fae and the flames spread into great rapidity, destroying a large quantity of foliage, ' '.' v 