PITH AND POINT. Webb-wearing. Delicate work in n. Cabinet just now. Tho Australian silver coinage qucstln» by no means settled yot. Tho medical slander caso al GiuH. maino adjourned till 13th. The recent charities carnival at Ballr rat realised a profit of L167. The Scotch niinors aSain domand u advance of Gd a day in wages. Tlio estimated avorago of the South Australian harvest is bushels. Tlio Era. from Melbourne, 12th De comber lost, has arrived nt Antwerp Jtrliopo;. novo), Half a Hero, dealb, with Victorian society, .aid to bo clorcr Tho Sicmuoi Plimsoll. from Mclbourni 13th .November, lias arrived in London ' Deported that King Alexander Vf Sorvia ia gem, to make a European tour. 1 " Another horso and carfc accident in Flinders street yesterday. Bad drivin? again. ® Tlio Bollcyno hotel, Rodford (N.S.IV ) burgled. Jewellery to tho value of LI20 stolen. More alterations in train running on the Victorian railways. Tho p5Z2|e grows, Sir Bird is spoken of as likely to be elected Speaker of tho Assembly in ras. Tlio cutter May wrecked in tho Gulf 0| Carpentaria, Tho steam launch Athol foundered. The Queensland police are said to bo, close on tho tracks of Jackey, the Dora Dora black. Captain Campbell, of tho Kanahooka drowned wbilo crossing the Nassau itfor aftor iho wreck. The directors of tho P. ond 0. and Orient. Companies dsclino to reduce the freight on butter. Heavy rain reported at Georgetown. Queensland. Tho Gilbert River is higher than for years pasL Tho Ilobart City Council has decided1 to reduce by 10 nor conL tho salaries of its officers and the police. Tho railway rcvenuo for South Aaa- lraliato31st January Inst wus Lflll.OSO compared with L501.9G8 Inst year. The Grand Duke of llcsso and the Princess Victoria Melita of Edinburgh ore to bo married in tho middlo of April. The Union Bank of Australia invitee public tenders forL300,000 of tho Sydney Corporation debentures at 4 per cent. A two- year-old son of a furmcr at Sheffield, named Wilson, has had both his logs cut off by a reaping machine. Messrs Nelson Bros. Ltd., New Zouland nnd Australian frozen meat agents, tie- claro a dividend at tho rato of 2 per cent. Bush- fires still raging between Castle- maino and Bondigo. About 7.000 ncres of grass destroyed on tho JUvenswood Tlio dutyonbeur collected at Ballarat in January totalled L1958 18s 4d. Popu- lotion thirstier by L300 than in Decern- bor. Tho fireman Carrtok and the cook Jordan nro reported to ba the only sur vivors from tho wreck of thu Kana hooka. Princo Charlos of Rouinanin, a Tlohen- zollern, is betrothed to the Princess Joaepbino, nicco of tho lung of the Belgians. Admiral Bonhom, United States, re ports that tho foreign representatives ia Brazil oxcepb Germany are iu favor of a monarchy. No provision having been made in tho Inst Tnsmnniau estimates for tho public and, suporior school exhibitions, thoy this yonr lapse, Tho Imperial Govcrmnout granti L2500 to defray tho cost of tho reprason- tation of Great BriUiu at tho Ilobart Exhibition. Tho balance-sheet of tho Victoria Mining Accident Relief Fund Oommittoi up to .list Deeombor last shovvsa cruditof L150 13s fid. Tho Bass's Straits cable receipts for January woro from Tasmania, L51C; from Australia, LlO«. Nurabor of tncHsagos, C30G. » The Sydnoy Municipal 4 per cent, dobeuturcs quoted in . London, in advance, at LI00 10s ; premium of lOi on tho minimum. Geonro Walldor fined by the Avenel Bench L25, iu default three months, for tho careless use of fire. Struck a match nnd threw it on tho grass. A petition being signed in nobart for the appointment of a royal commission to ascertain what rnoneyfl, other than those voted by Parliament, nro received by Ministers and civil servants. Russia still has many odd and curious marriaga customs. Ono is for tho bride and bridegroom to ruco rapidly down tho aialo as soun as tho bridal procession en- tors tho church, bccsuso ol tho baliof that whichever places a foot first on tho cloth in front of tbo altar will bo master in the household. According to n report just issued by the All-Ruesiau Orthodox Missions Society, during tlio last 25 years its missionaries liavo mado 85,000 converts among the heathens of Asiatio and Euroqoan Russia nud Japan. The cost of these missions during the quarter of a century amounts to 3,140,763 roubles. 