"Field and Garden REMINDERS FOR NOVEMBER. Real summer weather appears to have set in at last after a rather changeable spring time, and thunderstorms may now he looked for, more especially in the coastal districts. Most of the wheat crops look remarkably well, and should ordinary weather continue farmers anti- cipate a bountiful harvest. All machin pry, &c;, required for harvesting should now be thoroughly overhauled* and put in good order, so that no delays may occur when the crops are ready for cutting. In most parts of New South Wales both pas- ture, feed, and water are abundant, and stock are in good condition. Paddocks of the natural grasses that have been con- served for hay will now be ready for cutting, as most of them will be in flower when their feeding qualities are generally at the highest. Whether the grasses are made into hay or ensilage, see that they are stored in a proper condition, for on this greatly depends the quality of the fodder when required for use. We have often advocated the conservation of our native fodder plants and grasses during propitious seasons when they are most abundant, so they may be cut and made, into hay or ensilage to provide feed for future contingences. Many have acted upon the advice, and feed is being con- served in many parts of the country. In a climate like ours, which cannot be depended upon for a regular rainfall, the proper storage of fodder must force itself upon all intelligent persons who live by the soil. In good seasons not only could ample fodder be conserved to provide feed for thousands of cattle and sheep during the most trying times, but many serious bush Ares would be averted. In many places where the tall herbage is allowed to wither up under a tropical sun, it causes many an anxious hour to proprietors of large stations when bush fires are numerous. Not only does it often happen that miles of fencing are destroyed, but buildings often suffer con- siderably, and these cannot be replaced except at great cost and much labor. Field peas and beans should not be al- lowed to get too ripe before they are har- vested, or a considerable amount of seed will be lost in the operation. Lucerne that is grown for seed will soon be ready for harvesting. A well tilled crop will yield about half a ton of seed to the acre. This crop sometimes proves to be a very pro- fitable one to grow. Where flax is growr for its fibre the plants should be pulled when they show their flowers. If growr for linseed the crop should not be allowee to get too ripe before it is harvested.. Ai soon as the onion tops turn yellow it is a sign that they are nearing maturity Pull and store them, for if left in the ground they will be likely to deteriorate in hot weather; and if heavy rain shoulc fall, they would start into growth again In the colder parts of the colony, when root crops are grown, they should bi thinned out if they have not already beei attended to. Look carefully over hewl; transplanted tobacco plants, and see tha caterpillars are not doing them any in jury. If these pests should prove trouble some no pains should be spared in tryin; to exterminate them. The most expedi tious way is to cut them In two with pair of fine-pointed scissors. If not al ready done, plant out sweet potato vine and arrowroot. These crops will giv the best results when grown on well pre pared, rich land. Sow more seed c pumpkin and sunflower for succession. Pre pare the land and sow the seed as prev ously advised. All growing crops shoul be kept clear of weeds, and where pra< ticable the land should be kept well woi ked with the scarifier between the TOY* or drills. 