REMINISCENCES OF BENALLA. (BY THE "VAGABOND.") Mr Julian Thomas, better known as the "Vagabond," a writer of renown, who has written a history of nearly every part of the civilised world, lately paid a visit to Benalla in the interests of the "Leader" and "Illustrated Australian News." The account of his impressions appears in yesterday's edition of the former paper ; but as it is too long to publish in this day's issue of the ENSIGN, we are giving pub- lication only to those parts of it which are of direct interest -- the remainder of the article will be pub- lished on Tuesday. In his opening remarks the " Vagabond" refers to some of the aspects of' Benalla in 1856, when there were 800 blackfellows settled on the Broken river, close to where the ENSIGN office now stands, and after passing through a couple of decades touching the history of the times, deals with latter-day affairs in a lively, chatty and vivacious respect in the following remarks :-- The wants and abuses of Benalla and district are carefully guarded by the Press. The proprietors of the Benalla "Standard" are Messrs B. Gascoigne and H. E Hiscock, both practical mem- bers of the craft. The former is a son of the late Henry Gascoigne, who was at one time sergeant-major in the 16th Hussars in lndia, and in the fifties occupied the position of drill sergeant in the mounted constabulary on the Beechworth diggings. His partner is a grandson of the late Mr Thos. Hiscock who obtained the Go- vernment award of £1ooo for the dis- covery of gold at Hiscock's, (named after the discoverer), near Bunninyong, in August, I851, and which was the cause of opening up the Ballarat dig- gings. The editor of the ' Standard' is Mr Maude, a gentleman who is a authority on football and many other subjects. The Benalla ENSIGN is the oldest paper in the district, having been started more than 30 years-ago. lt is the liberal organ and its proprietor and editor, Mr J. G. O'Shea, is a Liberal of a sound type. Like the author of "Beyond the Ice," Mr O'Shea heralds the morn of better things in social life, and is worthy of a more extended literary career than that afforded him at Benalla. I have great pleasure in accompanying Mr O'Shea to his pleasant home in Benalla West. The lines of a country editor are often cast in brighter places than those of his town confrere. At Mr O'Shea's home is in Cecil-street, I see the only Irish piano in Australia. It was made by Mr W. Cope, the well-known manufacturer in Limerick ; the case is of Irish oak, more chaste in design than any of the German, importations. Mr. O'Shea takes me to the vicarage of the Church of England and introduces me to the vicar, the Rev. J. Allen, Who is a native of Staffordshire. We exchange remi- niscences of Lichfield and Uttoxeter. BenallaWest is, in the London sense, the west end of the town. You stand a on the bridge; and watch the winding creek and the spot hard by where Faith- ful's party camped. Beyond and near the present butter factory are the graves of those who fell in the massacre: 'Near the bridge, lies the trunk of the great gum tree into which pioneer Piper fired a musket ball to show the blacks the effects of firearms. The botanical gardens and the show grounds border the road on each side before you come to the old settlement at Benalla. Casey's hotel is a prominent feature. To the left are the court house and the Church of England. Beyond is the police camp, where my old friend Superintendent Thomas is in charge. Mr. Thomas was in this district many years ago, being clerk in the office of Superintendent Winch, of Beechworth, in 1866, when the bushranger, Morgan made a dash from New South Wales to his old haunts on the Ovens river. Mr Thomas is full of reminiscences of Morgan, who, before the arrest of Power in 1870, and the extinction of the Kelly gang in 1880, was the last bushranger of importance in the dis- trict. Mr. Thomas relates to me many anecdotes of Morgan, who was a brute, infinitely worse than Power or the Kellys. Yet, after his death, he had many sympathisers, even as the Kellys have now. Mr. Thomas tells me a doggrel rhyme which old hands on the Murray used to sing after Morgan's death: If poor Dan Morgan was shot in the back, He's got two friends, who are named Bell and Black; If poor Dan Morgan lies cold in the clay. He's got two friends named Bryant and May, This was a threat of bushfires to the squatters. The streets in Benalla West are broad, lined with trees, and have good footpaths. It must cost the shire council a considerable amount to keep these in good order. The villas here are handsome, and stand in old fashioned gardens, where the modern chrysanthemum blooms at this season of the year. Mr. Nixon enjoys his pension and ease in one of these villas where I meet a lady who is a connec- tion of Mr Christie Murray. Mr Nixon is a disappointment to me in that he cannot even tell me the meaning of the word Benalla. I learn here though that Wangaratta means the "meeting of the waters." Mr Beard, whom I see with Mr Nixon, is another old pioneer to be respected. A conspicuous feature in Benalla West is the North Eastern College. The principal, Mr. T. R. McCristal, w"as educated at St Francis Xavier's College at Kew where he after- wards spent nearly five years as resident master, and earned a reputation as a very successful teacher and strict discip- linarian. After leaving Kew, he filled for four years the important position of head classical master in St St Stanislaus' College, Bathurst, then an institution of high repute for its university suc- cesses. Mr:McCristal holds splendid testimonials from the principals of these colleges, from the Right Rev Dr Byrne the Bishop of Bathurst, and from parents of "former pupils,' many of whom are of high professional standing. With these credentials he attempted five years ago to establish and has succeeded in establishing; a first-class, school at Be nalla. Not withstanding the bad times for scholastic institutions, the attendance is.large, there being 14 boarders, whose comfort is the special care off his amiable and capable wife, Mr McCristal is an ardent supporter of out door games as far as they do not, enroach upon school duties. He him self' maintains his old college reputation of being one the best criketers in the North-eastern district. There is a cadet. corp in the school, and boarders have physical drill with arms every morning. The college building is very substantial, originally costing 7000, and contains 24 rooms, of which 12 are very comfortable, airy bedrooms. One of thifideititie of Benallai i 'Postmian Pailmer -:He is an enthlu ) aii satic pliotograplir, and in hlii"mpitre itiniru ias aHcciniulatcd a frie collection, 'of negativPes. Ned Kelly'' cousin. may jofteiit:e sF*II here. He' foris a - pro. ilinicnt fenlure of. the footpath, prop e piln upLa door in true Australian style aind discoursiigon horse flesh.: A ew comer fromi Westirrireliid li ':Mi'r Striccliknid,. a relativoe of. Miss Agnee "Striclildiid, wholoang yiars 'ago taiught us:t ilessons to hi;drivsed from .the Slivresbof the Queens of Englaiid and Scotltand'' It' is pleasant to exichange i:reminiscericeus f the Lake'diitrict with Mr Strickland and.of. the Cunitb6ilsrid coiast withi Mr,'Toim Y Youne,- who is aatonishad that I know Cle0hor and till dl'.ý VWheir lyoiu drdidowdii. from Cleator td Whitellavei you must have 'passed the' house wlihre' I whs born," says To'i Younisg. Tlii-re was nothing very extraordinary in this, but thlle Cumbirian 'lheart sarimed towards one %lio knew. and could talk of: hi i natai place. Thie youngest mediciil I practitioner,i here `is Dr Actoni the i oldest, and grest identity, is Dr Niaiol- I son, .who narrates to mc how lie bn- I dsged-i Mr Hare's: woundl;, when' tht gentleinan cisme up froin Glenrowas on i a locomotive.: A few hours afterwards Dr Nicholsoni was himselfiftGleiirowan ( attending to the wounds of Ned Kelly. Anotlher very, 'famiilia' .gfiure' in, the streets of Benalls is that of Mr, Caarles; r Cookso lthe Sitate scloblmaster, who a is a, cricketer, ýand a tflorist. ;'-1Th" iumber of pupils on the roll hero isn 445\. Thlie average attendance is 307 t which must :be considered good.? Mr i'f Oookson is supported by. three Iassist- ' ants' andi four] pupil teachler8; Thie' I Beiallna school'isvery .well spoken 'of 'tl by the inspectors, .. "I* au lnott allowed to learp Benalla 'tl aiva 'witliolt' visitiing the " Plumpton,"' t which is.i slso the, raicicouire. Mr ; VWallace drives mos thither in company f( with Sup.rinteindent. T'homais. Tihe p large area is nill,wire netted. Most g perfuct srraiigenients are iniide 'for 'p 'yarding "nd slipping hlres. As far as a J my .knowledge of such. thigs gooslthe ' Plumipton at Benalla is fully equal to Il aniylof.iits kiind ini Victoria. Iut. In 'I amn disippointed.of a promised treat. il Mr Wallace had interviowed Jack n I.loyd, wlihoimI he describes us the i clhampion rough rider of Australia, w who will ollount a buck-jumiper and is ride in the lightest sauddle 'witl- bl out pads. Jack Lloyd, as bLcoiies 31 greoat men in any -line. is modest, G and protests . lie does not wisht to ri have "anything ill- tilhe papers." Mr & Wallace, however, sa-id tliht lie would v turnup at.the.'Plumpton ,with a fiery, o01 unt'imed1iiteed, which none but this sl dariig -rider could mount, obut, Jack p failed to do' so;, and I miss a' treat. d For althouh even in. my, best Idays, b loathto seek tlie.bubble reputatido',on el the bluck jumper's hack,I glory to .see tl the yonng Australian, best of all.rough a] riders 'in th'e'world, a conquering hero q in'the pigskin, ' ' ' o \- .1 ... 0 * -r 