Victoria. JlEtBODicJE, January 19. The'Agricultural. Department'.is shipping, 220 tons of cheese to England at a freight of ' ld. pcv lb.net. ...... A young -woman named Lucy Evelyn "Warne was drowned yesterday while bathing in the hatha at Mordialloc. Two others had narrow escapes.^ Briefs'are in course of preparation and all. necessary arrangements have been made to-go on with tlie Mercaufcile Bank prosecutions next month. The Chief Justice has been communi cated .with in order that a 'special sitting of the court may.be held for the purpose. Mrs. David Mnnro, of Melbourne, has filed her schedule in insolvency, .with liabilities at £14,907 and assets at £30,001. Wm. H. Riggs, an ex-sergeant of police,. committed suicide last .night by shooting him- - self- at Mount Pleasant Hotel, - in. Carlton. Domestic troubles are said to be the cause of theact. v • • Alex. M'Corniach-, who shot himself in the chest at the Railway Hotel, died at the hos pital yesterday. " . . At the inquest on the young man Cruwcoar, who. was shot by a burglar, a verdict of wilful murder was returned against Juniicson, who .was committed for trial; Ghent was found guilty of being an. accessory before the fact. .. . . Melbourne, Jannaiy.22. Three men named George Mitchell;-and William.and George Pifczpatriek, who left.Mcl boume to go fishing, last: Tuesday, have, not; been heard of since. The Govcinuieut have, decided that in future school teachers on sick Icave.shall liotreccive 'salary.'; -.. v. ; • • Thc_ half-yearly- report- of "the Bank of Victoria shows that a .profit has been made of £31,(353. .-.A dividend of 5 per cent on, "ordinary and preference share was declared.: . ..::.The, racehorse Jupitefi-Avas'injured ip' tho Steeplechase at Caiilfield on'Saturday, and had. -tobe shot.'"-•J: The weather in the- city : yesterday was • extremely hot,' the thermometer showing the" temperature; at 102J in tlie shade at,midday.; Telegrams * from -tho country report great beat.',.;; - •" v .• i:' .M^ouene," January 23. \- .The weather-is extremely hot in tlie interior, and great damago has .been done by bush.fires. Tho:nomber of cases of typhoid , last week •for the whole colony was. 74,* with C deaths, as against 35 cases and 7 deaths in the correspond ing week of last year. . Melbourne, January 24. . The .thermometer yesterday registered 115 degrees in the shade. A fatal case of snakebite is reported from Cararaut, near Warrnambool. Mrs. Winton, the wifo of a/farmer, was bitten by a snake.' The usual remedies were applied, but without i avail, tho woman dyin^r soon after tho attend- ; ahce of a medical inau had been secured. Melbourne, Jauuary 25., A boy aged 9 and'a girl aged 13, sou and. daughter of Mr. Closhey, a farmer at Birchip, returned from school in an overheated condition: aud. drank some cold water, which resulted, fatally in both cases. ! • A disastrous fire occurred at Mirboo List night, destroying seven places of business. The damage is estimated at £S,000. All tho bhild ings .wore iusured but tbe stock was not. ... Tlie bush fire iu the Hopetonn district , was sftill burning fiercely yesterday, the efforts j mado to stop it having' been- unsuccessful.' -Nearly 20,000 acres of niallee country "have been burned, and 15 holdings of .inallee selec- ; tors swept bore. . , ! The newly appointed A^ent-Gcneral, Mr. Duncan Gillies, was entertained last night on j theeye of his departure for.England, at a banquet at Ballarut, where he commenced ■ his ! political career. - , 