NEWS IN BRIEF. Brief then-what's the news."-KING JOHN. On Sunday evening last, at St. Matthew's B. C. Church, Mr. O'Halloran, sang in fine voice. Mr. Smith, senr, of Lower Portland, is an adept at making orange-wine. Mr. P, Kemp has recently started on its manufac- facture. Friday night was the hottest we have had this summer, and the bush fires raging round the district added to the ex- cessive heat. It is urged by a correspondent that a town horse trough should be placed at each end of George-street, for the benefit of animals in use in vehicles, &c.; Mr. R. B. Walker has been successful in his first intermediate examination for Articled Clerks, in History, held at St. Andrew's College on the 14th inst. At the local Land-office on Thursday week, 15th, a c.p., special area, Pitt Town Common, 38½ acres, was applied for by Frederick Thomas Brooks, at £7 per acre. A bush-fire occurred at the Bullridge last Thursday, when a selector named Travers with great difficulty, although assisted by his neighbours, saved his homestead from being burned. About 240 acres of land at Mulgrave, formerly leased by the late Mr. Yeo, and belonging to the John McQuade Estate is to be shortly subdivided and offered for sale by auction. Another contractor in the district, who has been doing some cheap roadwork lately, has done a sudden clear out, and several storekeepers are now lamenting, as his ad- dress is not known. The police are on the track of folk who have not registered their dogs, who, to escape being summoned, should make good the deficiency at once. Forms may be procured at this office. Mr. Tynan, a traveller in town repre- senting a Sydney tea firm, was in the re- cent railway accident-being in the end carriage of the outgoing train. He was not injured, however. Messrs Walker and Masters have taken O'Brien's Hall for occasional Wednesday evenings for dancing, and will hold a weekly Quadrille Assembly during the winter months. Their first social was held last Wednesday evening. Mr M Greenwell returned last Monday from his trip to New Zealand, which he en- joyed fairly well. The recent disaster, and the mournful aspect of the New Zealand people in consequence, detracted from the pleasure of the tour. The dangerous, narrow pathway in George-street, in front of the Wood family's residence, has lately been filled in and made level. Mr. J. Wood did the job, but it is expected that the Council will recoup him for his outlay. The following auctioneers have applied for licenses in the Windsor District (their applications will be dealt with at the Licensing Court on the 27th inst) :—-Messrs William Gosper, James Bligh Johnston, Frederick William Linsley, of Windsor; Frank Wheeler and Benjamin Woods, Riverstone. The Rev. Mr. Hough, from St. Jude's Church, Randwick, has taken up his resi- dence here for a month, and is occupying St. Matthew's Church of England Parson- age and pulpit. Mr. Hough made a very touching reference to the late Mr. C. Hole at Sunday morning's service, and the organist played the " Dead March" as the congregation left the Church. Mr George McQuade says he is scarcely going away to the " Back Blocks," as he is not going any further than the Macquarie River, which is within the pale of civiliza- tion. George left on Monday last to bring down some cattle from a station on the Macquarie to Bathurst, and will be absent about a month. To gladden the hearts of those living in the dry country he took up a few Kurrajong tree-ferns with him, as they don't see these shrubs in that arid country. lt is notified in the "Government Gazette" that certificates upon the under- mentioned CP's will be. issued within 30 days:— a. r Woods Isaac Newtown.... 79 3 Wilberforce Yates George. 200 0 Meehan Do . 65 2 do Buttsworth Richard William 120 2 Currency M'Clymont Gilbert . 340 0 Nelson Travers Arthur. 61 2 Meehan Bennett John. 65 0 Wilberforce Tierney Thomas.,... 40 0 Merroo Wilson Simon 50 0 Nelson do 40 0 do McGrath's Hill Racecourse has been made a registered course. A new manager for the Bank of N. S. W. Windsor will be appointed this week. Mr. and Mrs. J. Bowlin are leaving the Blacktown-road and will reside at Summer hill. Mr Fred Ross, of Enfield Public-school, has received marching orders, and goes to Cowra. Can't something be done this summer to secure a Wednesday half-holiday ? A half- holiday can easily be spared now, as there is very little doing. Christmas will soon be upon us now, but very little preparation is being made in an- ticipation of a busy time. Time was when things were different. Messrs Morgan and Piddington voted on Tuesday evening in favour of the second reading of Mr. O'Sullivan's Libel Law Amending Bill. It was carried by 55 to 21. Mr. Frank Ashley, business-manager for Mr. Cole, the Bohemian lecturer, is a well known theatrical agent, and has piloted many tip-top companies through the colonies. It is whispered that a local young business-man tied the nuptial knot in Syd- ney recently. The cake will be sent round shortly. One or two other quiet weddings are also spoken of. The heavy shower of rain which fell on Monday night came quite as a welcome surprise to the residents, as they were be- ginning to forget what rain was like. It is badly wanted just now. An alarm of fire was raised at 1.30 o'clock on Wednesday morning, and it was found to be on Mr. S. T. Greenwell's pre- mises, at the lower end of the yard. A few buckets of water extinguished it. Mr. A. Berckelman discovered the fire. Mr. J. F. Cullen, M.P., once Congre- gational clergyman in Windsor, has re- signed his seat in the Assembly for Wil- loughby. Mr. T. T. Ewing, M,P., a Haw- kesbury native, has been elected chairman of the Public Works Committee. A traveller on the railway points out that the engine running from here runs with its boiler reversed to the carriage. In the recent Redfern accident the injudicious- ness of such a course was shown, all the deaths which occurred being caused by the escape of steam. A well-known figure at all our cricket matches is Mr. Smith, better known as " Yorky Smith," who, with pencil and paper in hand, dots down all the runs scored during a game, and evinces much interest throughout. The Mechanics CC. claim him as their barracker. Another change has been made in the local Salvation Army Corps, Captain Dor- rall, the officer stationed here, leaving for Gulgong last Thursday morning. The new captain has arrived. A farewell coffee-supper was given to Captain Dorrall on the eve of her departure. Mr. Turnbull, the boatman, who trades up and down the river, says that he can get any amount of loading, but the diffi- culty at present is to dispose of it privately in Windsor. A local market would save the boatman all this trouble of running about the town looking for customers. Dr. Callaghan had a slight accident accident whilst driving a pair of horses in a sulky along George-st last Sunday morning. He was trying a young animal alongside an older one when in some way the latter fell and some trouble ensued, causing the poll of the vehicle to be broken. Vines in the Cumberland district have to be registered this and next month. A good many people have not paid their tax for last year, allthough in the case of house holders the amount is only small. Some arrangement ought to be made for the registration of vines locally, without having to send to the secretary at Granville. Mr. O. Leighton intends forming a Dramatic Club in town to play for various charities. Mr. Leighton has had consider- able experience on the stage, and seems desirous to do all he can in Windsor to en- courage the drama. A meeting of mem- bers of the Windsor Dramatic Society is to be called shortly to wind up affairs. Owing to the dry weather, the potato crops in some parts are proving a failure, and farmers who have been digging, even in good soil, say that although the tops are good and healthy, in the place where the spuds ought to be nothing but strings are found, with potatoes on no larger than marbles. This is bad, as some heavy work was put in by the farmers last season with these crops in anticipation of good times. Dr Fiaschi's Tizzanna-vineyard, at Sack- ville, is looking in splendid order just now. A heavy crop is expected. Tramps are very numerous around the district just now, and scores of them pass through Windsor every week. The next sittings of the Small Debts Court will be held on the 11th December. Plaints must be filed a week ahead. Mr P Daley, of Wilberforce, took a num- ber of splendid bullocks through town the other day, having purchased them at Hough Bros' Union Sale at Richmond. Will contributors to our Christmas num- ber kindly send along their " screed" by the middle of next week. Orders for extra copies should be sent along at once. Station-master Critchley had two tickets in a recently-conducted Art Union, and won two prizes, One of these was a case of bottled ale, on which he had to pay 5/8 freight. For repairs, &c;, at the Wilberforce Public-school, the tender of William Adams, £37, has been accepted. Mr Poidevin, the teacher here, has become very popular, and the roll is rapidly being augmented. Mr B Hall drove Mr A Gates' horse and sulky to him at Katoomba last Saturday, leaving Windsor at 4 a.m., and reaching Katoomba at 11 a.m. Mr. Gates is im- proving in health rapidly. Amongst those who successfully passed the Civil-service Examinations held on November 5, was J T Marx, Wiseman's Ferry Public-school, son of Mr Marx, Post and Telegraph-master at that place. Tho Labor Settlements Bill, laid aside by the Government because of the Council's amendments, was re-introduced in the As- sembly on Wednesday, taken from all its stages, and sent to the Upper House. The " Cumberland Mercury" is respon- sible for the statement that " the apricot crop in the Hawkesbury district is said to be exceptionally large. One grower has 150, off which he expects to get 7000 cases of fruit." The General Gordon ran an excursion trip to Windsor on Tuesday, bringing along about 30 tourists. A return trip to Sydney was made on Wednesday, when about the same number of ladies and gentlemen made the round journey. A full bench of magistrates met at the court-house, Uralla, on Saturday last, to bid farewell to Mr. O. A. S. Fitzpatrick, C.P.S, on the eve of his departure to Muswellbrook, where he has been recently promoted.— " Herald" wire. The Richmond train is the only one that runs into Sydney tender first. For a small outlay a turntable might be constructed at Richmond, which would enable the engine to be reversed when she gets there, and thus, obviate any chance of an accident similar to that at Redfern. It is to be hoped that the Upper House will pass the Labor Settlements-Bill. The vilest criminals in our gaols are well fed, clothed, and housed,—-yet some people ob- ject to give a crust to honest and industrious men and women, who earn ten times more than they have been paid. The prospects for the district fruit crop this season are very promising and a large yield is expected. After the recent very hot weather a good downfall of rain would be acceptable. It is said that growing crops will be light if we are not favoured with more rain, and it is certain that the potato- crop will suffer. Mr RT Stinson writes us as follows :— Sir,-Will you kindly contradict a statement which appeared in your issue of the 10th inst, re Mr Joseph Ezzy, of North Richmond, sending to market the first apricots of the season on Wednesr day, the 7th Nov. My fruit was sent on Monday morning, 5th Nov., so I claim to have sent the first apricots from the Hawkesbury district. Truly yours, R T STINSON, Rosehill, South Kurrajong. A good deal of amusement has been caused in town over the war scare on Wednesday last, and quite a number of persons were hoaxed. A few, to carry out the hoax further, cut the advertisement part off the bottom of the bogus telegram, and frightened not a few. Frank Rosa was very nearly selling out his business and going up country. At the Parramatta Police-court on Mon- day, A decent-looking young man, who gave his name as Thomas Shafton Curry, was charged with being a suspected person. Constable Trevellian met him running along Marsden-street on Sunday night ; he said he was knocked out of it, having walked from Windsor ; he then saw his name was Hughes, and he had gone through £100 in six weeks ; he took a cheque out of his pocket and tore it up, saying, " That's no good;" it was a cheque on the Bank of N.S.W., with " Windsor" struck out and " Cooma" written in ; he said he got the blank cheque from Mrs McQuade, of Windsor. Remanded for seven days. 