i — — — THE TOWONG DISTRICT. from the herald. A meeting of the committe of the Benambra Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held at the Tallangatta Hotel to-day, Saturday, at 3 p.m. . The fourth annual show of the Corryong and Tipper Murray Agricul tural and Pastoral Society will be held on Thursday and Friday, 5th and 6th April. The Towong Shire Council invite tenders for the supply of sawn timber for a bridge over the Mitta Mitta at Tallandoon, for the iron-work required for the same structure, and also for the erection of the bridge, labor only. Applications are invited for the posi tion of keeper of the pound which is about to be established at Corryong. Applications will be received at the shire office up to noon of 6th February. The annual meeting of the Tallan gatta Athenseum committee will be held next Wednesday, 31st inst., at 8 p.m. The principal business is to re ceive the balance-sheet and elect officers for the ensuing year. Horse-owners and others concerned are particulaaly reminded that nomina tions for the principal events in connec tion with the forthcoming Tallangatta races close with the hon secretary (Mr Dunnett) on Wednesday next. The live-stock traffic on the Tallan gatta line was fairly brisk this week. On Monday four trucks of sheep were sent away from Tallangatta, one by Mr H. Pearce, for Wodonga, and three by Mr B. Wheeler, of Upper Murray, consigued to Newmarket. On Tues day three special trains ran from Tal langatta, the consignments being as follow : — Tallangatta, 15 trucks of cattle and 7 of sheep, the latter (750 head) consigned by Mr T. Paton, of Welaregang, to the freezing works at Newport ; Tatonga siding, 4 trucks cattle ; Huon Lane, 6 trucks cattle. A miner named George W. Robert son, a well-known resident of Mitta Mitta, died on Tuesday about mid night, after a series of fits. Mounted- constable Haydon, on the matter being reported to him, immediately set out for Tallangatta to report the oc currence to the coronor, Mr Rowan, P.M., who was announced to be in Tallangatta for court business. The coronor ordered a post mortem ex amination to be made, for which Dr Seccombe on Wednesday returned to Mitta with the constable. De ceased was a married man, with eight children. He was 53 years of age. We last week reported that Mr M. O'Reilly, of Bullioh, had met with an accident while conveying milk to the Tallangatta factory. A much more serious mishap occurred at that gentle man's farm on Saturday last. He had just loaded up his milk preparatory to setting out for Tallangatta, when the horse suddenly backed over a cutting which had been made in connection with a roadway near the milk-shed. In addition to the loss of about 100 gallons of milk, the cart was badly smashed, while several milk-cans were damaged. Between £5 and £6 worth of damage was done. Mr O'Reilly, who is the largest supplier to the factory, promptly sent a messenger to notify the factory manager of the ac cident, thereby preventing disappoint ment and delay to the factory staff. A grass-fire broke out last week on J. M'Namara's paddock, George's Creek. The outbreak was opportunely observed by Messrs Wood and Bel- perrin, who sueceeded in confining the fire to one corner of the ground, whence however, the flames spread into the holding of Mr T. Dyring. The grass here was in a tolerably green state, and DOU UlUhU Unilltfcg" Wllo UUllD| IUc Ui o eventually burning itself out. It is believed that the outbreak originated through the firing of some wax matches dropped by some passer-by along the road. Our district is extremely fortu nate in its comparative freedom from bush-fires, its immunity in this direc tion being due to the fact that our grass-lands are rarely in the com bustible condition which obtains in the more arid areas. The recent spell of hot weather, however, has dried up the grass considerably, and every possible care should be taken to prevent the possibility of an outbreak. The police throughout the colony have received instructions to be on the alert in the matter of detecting any careless use of fire, and promptly bringing offenders to book. 