BLACKWOOD, MONDAY. Mr. John Cann, of the Family Hotel, Red Hill, who has been ailing for several years past, died this morning, aged 51. By his death Blackwood loses one of its most promi- nent public men, as besides having been a councillor of the Ballan shire for about nine years, he had also been the local representa- tive on the Ballarat Mining Board since 1882, and was always to the fore in all matters affecting the welfare of the district. The funeral takes place to-morrow. BRIGHT, MONDAY. A very old resident of the district, and an old colonist, named John Drummond, died at his residence on Friday, and was interred yesterday. The funeral was very largely at- tended. Mr. Drummond settled in Bright 39 years ago. He was 76 years of age, and leaves a widow and a family of twelve sons and one daughter. CAMPERDOWN, SATURDAY. An accident happened yesterday to a lad about six years of age named John Hay, a son of Mr. J. E. Hay, of the Commercial Hotel. The child was riding on the footpath on a tricycle when a horse which a man standing on the path was holding took fright and began to plunge. Both the boy and the tricycle were knocked over, and the boy got under the horse's feet, being stamped on twice, and narrowly escaping being kicked. He was rescued from his dangerous position by his father, who conveyed him inside. Upon being examined by the doctor it was discovered that, save for the shock, he was uninjured, which is marvellous, con- sidering that the mark of the hoof showed that the horse had stood on the boy's groin. CRESWICK, MONDAY. A special meeting of the Creswick Miners' Association was held on Saturday night, for the purpose of reconsidering a resolution passed at the half-yearly meeting granting sick-pay to one of the members named Clarke, The case is a somewhat peculiar one, as Clarke some four years ago declared on the funds from sunstroke or heat apoplexy. He remained on the funds for about two years, and then declared off. During a portion of this time he was allowed part pay by the Berry Consols Company, where he occupied the position of pitman. Sub- sequently he worked off and on for a short period, but finding himself utterly unable to do any kind of work lodged his application to be again placed on the funds, There was considerable discussion on the question at Saturday night's meeting, but eventually the decision arrived at at the half-yearly meeting was upheld. Mr. F. H. Tracey, of Smeaton, being the only candidate nominated for the vacancy in the shire council caused by the death of Councillor John Anderson, was to-day de- clared elected. ECHUCA, Monday, A meeting was held in the Bridge Hotel on Saturday, Mr. 'J'. Forge in the chuir, when it was decided to erect a creamery in a central posi iop in Wharparilla, A number of appli catiops for shares, were received, and a com- mittee was appointed t,p obtain thp necessary plans and speulflcutlons, A proposal is on foot to establish a creamery in the Torrumbarry district und, if possible, to have a butter factory established in Echuca. > FRANKSTON, Saturday. At tlie meeting of the Frankston and Hustings Shire Council it was found that, owing to the heavy reductions in the muni- cipal subsidy, tiley would be unable to accept tenders for the works advertised tqr, as tho estimules framed In October last yvete based on ilia supposition tim ta larger subsidy would be paid. HEATHCOTE, Monday. * A visit to the vineyards around Conella and Colbinabbin) districts shows that the crops are very line, but some of thom slightly affected with mildew, which causes the grape io have a black spot. KOROIT, Monday. The members of the Royal Water Commis- sion having lixed the hour for their meeting here, at S o clock on Saturday the members of the local waterworks trust arranged to meet them in force at that hour. The majority ot the members of tlie trust ure muuh annpyed because the commissioners el.unged the hour, and met immediately niter their return from inspecting tho waterworks, ia half-past 12 o'clock, so that Pilly t]ic few members of the trust who uccompanied thcin on their visit were present at the meeting far taking evidence. When the other moiiibprs of (he trust arrived (it 2 o'olpck they found the meeting was over. "JEPARIT, Satubpay. The wheat has been coming in so rapidly to the local railway station that a dillipully was experienced to lind room for storage. The mutter was brought pudor the notice of the department, and a suggestion made that ii dally train be run to Dimboola. The sug- gestion was lavoiirably entertained by the department, and au extra train was rim yes- terday, mid relumed with nine trucas oí wheat. It will be continued while the traf))» merits it. An elfort is about to be made by tlie towns people, lo secure a daily mail, ami it is be- lieved the increase of business will at leant for the present delray the extra expuuae that would be inclined. The best prico given hero yesterday for prime wheat wus Is, (lil. per bushel, and the tannera me nut stall satislied, The price is better in Warracknabeal, Brim, und Dhu boola. KOROIT, Saiuiiday. The Water Supply Commission visited Koroit toiliiy, und took the evidence of Mr. Lntuin, secretary ol the trust, and Com- missioners Duflus, Strain, and Hull. The matter ol the dispute witli the Railway Com- missioners about the water supply at tho local station was thoroughly gpne into and noted by commission, OMEO, SATURDAY. Mr. Max Hirsch delivered a lecture here last night on " Free Trade and Protection" under the auspices of the Australian Natives' Association. The president of the society, Mr. deorge A. R)lah, oteupied the chair, and announced that tin- so.'lety hail invited Keieiiil vvi'll-kilOiVii Iciltll'iB lil political anil Mlhliu Ibnughl m di'llvnv lentara«. About '.on people were plenum, and ibu lcctuier I was listened to most attentively throughout and keenly questioned ut the oloae of the meeting. Mr, Hirsch proceeds on to Glen Wills and Cassilis.' "SEYMOUR, Monday. A special meeting of the Seymour Water Trust was held this morning for the purpose of'dealing with the long-delayed tender of Riley Uros, for £2,020 for tho construction of tlic Trawool Storage Reservoir. The meeting was called by request of the Water Supply department, and Mr. Howden, C.E., at- tended, to represent that department., The trust engineer, Mr. Eennelly, was also pre- sent. Alter discussion the tender was ac- cepted on the motion of Commissioner Chittick, seconded by Commissioner Carnie. It was decided to call for applications for the position of clerk of works at a salary of £2 10s. per week. Much satisfaction is felt here at the letting of the contract, WEDDERBURN, FRIDAY. The Korong Pastoral und Horticultural Society resolved to-tlay to hold nn autumn show of fruit and flowers lu the show- grounds on Friday, March lo. . LILYDALE, Moniiav. Some interest was excited here on Saturday evonlng by the arrivai of Dr. and Mrs. Soringthorpc, of Melbourne, on bicycles. They bad ridden from the city that alter noon. Mrs. Sprliigthorpe wore the rationnl dress, and did not seem nt all fatigued after lier journey. Dr. lind Mra, Sprliigthorpe returned to Melbourne by train on Sunday evening. The weather or late lins been very cloae, and bush lires aru raging on the ranges. At the end ol last week ii huee lire swept over the Dandenong Ranges, thus tissiating the village settlers by burning the. fallen scrub and timber on their holdings. A quantity of fencing lins been burnt in the Warburton district. MORWELL, Monday. This morning o. young man was taken by. train to the Kew asylum. Ile went ou't of his mind very suddenly, and at once became dangerous. He broke oue iiiiut'a nose and knocked others down. He was eventually hold down by six men and a straight-jacket was procured and put on him. He was formerly of ii very quiet disposition, and the occurrence lins created much surprise nnd sympathy throughout the district. ' NUMURKAH, MoKiuv. Tile fourth autumn show of fruit and other special products under the nuspiccB of the Numurkah Emit Sooioty will t«ki> place in the local sliQw-yqrds on (¡th March, A novelty in the torm ol a baby show- lins iieen introduced into'the prUç-jist. RU'J'IIICROLICN, Mo.NDA.-. Vn.llK.r particulars to hand concerning the, thunderstorm which visited this district on Krldiiy night last show thjit it was far more severe than waa ut lirat supposed. Con siilerublu damage mis done in the vineyards, the grapes being knocked off the vines ns well tis JJie leaves, pud the wine cellar of Mr, D. King had the root blown oft" anti other damage done. There are many complaints amongst local I fruit-growers thia year concerning the thefts of grapes which ure taking place. One grower had between 20 and 30 cases ot grapes stolen from bim in one night lust week, whilst peaches nnd other fruits have also disappeared in large quantities. ST. ARNAUD, Monday. A magisterial inquiry was held by Mr. P. M'Bride, J.P., on Saturday at Gowar East concerning the death of Richard Conrick, a farm labourer, who had been working for Mr. John Hewitt. On Tuesday evening last he returned from St. Arnaud in a waggon with Mr. P. Strachan, jun., and Mr. Hewitt. When nearly home, and opposite a large hole in Campbell's Creek, he got down and said he would wait for them while they returned the waggon to a neighbour. On coming back; they called for him but got no answer, and concluded he had gone home. Nothing further was heard of him till Friday evening, when his body was discovered in the creek. He was under the influence of liquor when he left the others, and it is supposed he fell over the bank, which is very steep. A verdict of accidental death by drowning was re- corded. SHEPPARTON, Monday. The directors of the Shepparton llutter Fnctory are calling fortendera tortile erection of a crcuinery nt Kialla West, und also for the sinking ot a well on the factory grounds at it spot whero wnter was recently struck alteran experiment with the divining rod. TRENTHAM, MONDAY. At the local police court to-day 19 persons were convicted for cutting and removing timber from Crown lands without the neces- sary license. Fourteen were fined 5s. each and the remainder 2s. 6d. TRARALGON, Monday. The llishop of Melbourne visited here yes- terday, and in the morning held ti epnlirma tion service nt St. James's Church, when 12 candieiiitçs were presented by the inoumbent, the lli-v. J. Carrington, In the evening the Hishop preached to an pverllowing congréga- tion, and also in the afternoon at Glen- garry. Intelligence has been received of the death of Dr. White, formerly in practice here. The deceased gentleman vvns only 2!) years of age, and died ut Singleton, N.S.W., pf hemorihtigo of the lungs. 