OUR DALBY LETTEli. After a succession of bush-fires, in which nearly every surrounding station and selec tion suffered more or less, and which en veloped the town in smoke for two or three days — this district, in common with others, was refreshed by a fall of over half-an-inch of rain. Unfortunately this was followed by severe cold, with frosts in many places. After a week of renewed winter a milder day ushered in a succession of thunder storms. Yesterday afternoon, in a few hours, we had 75 points of rain in the town, while Jimbour received 83 points. There is little doubt that many other surrounding places were similarly blessed. To-day is warm and bright, but banks of light clouds in, various directions give hope of further grateful visitation. Stock have of course suffered greatly dur ing the drought, especially upon our over stocked reserve. The rain of last week, with the severe weather following it, of course, gave the finishing touch to hundreds of animals. The sheep were, no doubt, in some cases, the victims of too early shearing] but in many others this process was hurried on to save the loss on dead wool — it being evident that the animals could not long survive. On some stations it has been found necessary, 1 am informed, to kill the sheep and take off the pelts, as the animals were too .veak to be shorn, thus causing great loss ,to owners. These sheep certainly had a preferable fate to those which, after passing ?through, the hands of the shearers, had to face rain and frost in their naked condition, finding a slow death from the tortures of cold and starvation. Enclosed cattle have, I am told, fared much better than the sheep. The Industrial 'Group, near Warra, have not lost one of their 100 beasts, and up to quite recently have supplied surrounding residents with butter, besides sending parcels to Roma and Brisbane, where its reception was ? most encouraging. But for the bad season and inferior land, which have opposed the efforts of this industrious group, no doubt, they must have-made a very, fair success of their undertaking.. Our local supply of butter, dried up at the main sources some weeks ago, and storekeepers have had to resort to outside' markets for the accommo dation of their customers. Farmers should make something out of the present high prices of produce, as mai?e:js_ selling at 5s .fjd'per bushdfamThicerne chaff af 7;-'6d,per cwt. - . ? . . ? ^ Politics are rather flat just now. The excitement caused some time ago by the, circulation in. the district of a remarkable pig-in-a-ppke petition; the signers of which were pledged to vote for an unspecified ca.ndidat.e,t has -.now. apparently died out; -,Pur ineinlier.'s excellent speech re the., vote 'for .a Queensland ; Art Gallery cannot -he iexpected:,ttt epinmerid him to a section of ,WV wnstituejits, «iil«s. lie wn in:oy'if that » .,;j/.v;v.;r;u .;;.*;;. :.«. ,';j..;i^r,:;V;.:'. ??'; : good trade 'in canvas, paint brushes, and' colours will be speedily brought about. But most of us are ready to concede that Mr. Bell probably knows more than we do about Art matters and their bearing upon social and commercial life, and are proud to possess a member who commands the respect of all parties, and does not neglect the general good, while working hard for his electorate. ,Some little local irritation exists anent school matters in the 'State School here, 'and yesterday's ' Herald ' has a scathing* article on the subject. Severity certainly had long been the rule in this school ; and some years afio a report to the Minister was seriously contemplated ; after which an improvement took place for a time. The ' Herald ' complains of the insistence on written explanations of the absences of children. This may be inconvenient for parents, but upon reflection it is evident that as a pre ventive of truant habits it is as beneficial to parent-; and children as to the teacher. ' , The 'Herald' has recently changed-its management, and is now once more in the familiar hands. of Mr. Julius Otto, who, during the editorship of Mr. J. C. Comerford. held the position, of business manager only.; The paper showed a high moral and literary. tone for some time under Mr. Comerford, but latterly, from some unexplained cause it fell off, and lost its promise of becoming that power for good which some of us had hoped to see it. It is difficult not to become weary of well-doing when appre ciation and encouragement are scant. The cutting out at Bon Accord arid some smaller sheds has enlivened the town a little, and the better prospects now opening for stock owners, farmers, &c;, is cheering' us all up considerably. 