THE MERCURY. HOBART : WEDNESDAY, FEB. 6, 1895. EPITOME OF NEWS. Bush fires at Mount Lyell. Damage done to Sorell causeway. Labourers wanted for West Coast. * Governor visited H.M.S. Orlando yester dav. Final sitting of Premiers' Conference to- day. Alterations notified in Scamander and Fal- mouth schools. Electoral Revision Court, at Ulverstone this morning at 10. Tasmanian Permanent Building Society dividend payable to-day. Hobart Regatta accounts must be delivered to the Treasurer to-day before noon. Mining Conference yesterday resolved to form Council of Mines. Serious bush tire at Dundas. Many dwellings destroyed. Wide-spi ead loss. The Hobart Gas Co. propose to obtain powers to supply the citizens with cither electric light or gas. Half-yearly meeting of Hobart Gas Co. held yesterday. Dividend, ISs. per share. Gas consumption increasing Formation of Mining Boards and Govern- ment conservation of water-rights recom- mended by Mining Conference. Man named Rosa supposed to have been burned to death in a bush fire at Henty on Monday. Eight hundred guests at the Vice-Regal ball. Lady Gormanston'» dance a gorgeous spectacle of light and colour. _ Pigeon shooting tournament on Tattersall'« course the day before « Launceston Cup. Nominations close to-morrow. London wool sales weakening. Native rising in Niger district qnolled. Chinese loan issued at £9610a. minimum. Adelaide Cup (S.A.J.C. autumn meet) raised to l,000sovs. V.R.C. autumn meet general entries number 4S5. Last year the number was 530. - Forecast of Royal Speech at opening of Imperial Parliament has been cabled. Terrible mining disaster in France. Fifty lives lost. Wyndham-Deerhurst breach of promise case settled. Kaffirs have treacherously broken truce at Delagoa Bay and slaughtered 70 Portuguese. London press castigating Stoddart and his men on their defeat by Australian cricketers. Fire at Port Melbourne yesterday. Rango of W.B. cottages destroyed. England, France, and Russia causing the concluding of peace between China and Japan. Owing to an outbreak of small pox in German Kew Guinea, all vessels coming therefrom are quarantined in Queensland. Floods in the Coraki district, New South Wales, have destroyed all crops, and many farmers are ruined. Postal Committee dealing with ocean mail contracts likely to obtain some important concessions. Fierce gale recently raging on New South Wales coast ha« abated. Schooner Victoria missing, and Hilda driven ashore near Ullan lulla. South Australian Government forwarding destitute people returned from Paraguay to their bornes in New South Wales and Queens- land. Reciprocal treaty provisionally signed by Premier of South Australia and Colonial Treasurer and Postmaster-General of New Zealand, now in Hobart, for reciprocal trade relations between their colonies, ride Ade- laide cable. If there is wisdom in a multitude of counsellors, we ought to be wise. This is the very season of Conferences of all sorts on all kinds of subjects, from the spasmodic one of the Premiers on Federation, dowutoTee-totalism, which may be said to be alwaj-s with us. How many times some people are con- verted or how often some are born again we shall not venture to even guess, for the process goes oo year after year with unabated vigour, and, apparently, with about the same results. No one, however, can help admiring the energetic workers in the good cause of temperance and general morality, even if we cannot agree with all they propose, or share their belief in the near advent of that good time when the crooked shall be made straight, and the wrong Bhall be set riirht. It is pleasing, too, to behold the touching faith that ap- pears to exist in woman-suffrage, which is to be the mere prelude to a new earth', and which is very nearly, though not quite, the latest proposal to reform the world by machinery, in which there is an unlimited and un- dying faith. So far as our experience of this particular form of voting goes, and it extends over nearly a quarter of a century in some places, it does not - produce any special difference either in the general management of affairs or in the condition of society, and, what is more important to know and fully comprehend, it does not touch in the least the great problems which now so nearly affect, and have so long affected, humanity. Indeed, if the sober truth must be told, which is always unpleasant and decidedly unpopular, especially when it is told to enthusiasts, we do not appear to be much, if at all, in ad- vance of those ancients, who have left a variety of tieatises ou moral and social questions, the study of which might prove of advantage to many who have an idea that the changes, and the methods of bringing tbem about, which they . advocate have never been heard of before. The world's great age has been beginning anew now for many centuries, and we are still, as it seems, at the beginning. The golden years, which never were, and, probably, never will be, are always about to return, if only some change of system can be made, which is no sooner made than somebcdy starts a new mechanism to do the work which is always awaiting to be done We say this, not to damp the enthusiasm or abate tbe ardour of those who work, but merely in order that tbe facts may be kept in mind, so that too much may not be expected from task which though undertaken with the most excellent motives and abundant zeal, cannot be fairly said to produce the results so many expect from them. And, this much must be said, we are afraid, about nearly nil, if not all, the many schemes now so popular to set the world to rights. Some propose to do this desirable piece of work by means of a tax, others by a rearrange- ment of society, others by blowing things to pieces in order that they may be put together again, others by the simple process of never-ending preaching and palaver. What can be done either by Governments or by organisations of any kind is still a problem, the solution of which seems to be as far off as it ever was in the history of the world, whilst there are certain new elements in it that render it much more difficult than ever it was before. The mechanical triumphs of the age have not lessened but increased in au astounding manner the complexity of all moral, social and even political problems, a fact which is only just now beginning to be per- ceived by some of the most acute thinkers, whilst it may be fairly said that a host of well-meaning persons entertain the simple belief that all the discoveries of mo km times tend to remove moral and'jorial difficulties from their path. lu the meantime, however, we may get what good we can out'of these Conferences, in which, for the most part, a number of persons who do not know come together to lecture those who do know, who happen to be aJ very small minority indeed. There are, ot course, Uouterences and Conferences. Many of. them are .-merely a medium for the airing of the enthusiasm and vanity of a number of persons but others have ,a real value, and often lead to practical work. For example, the recent Conference of Premiers should be a long step in the direction of Federation. This was a Conference to learn how far a common course of action could be agreed upon towards an end which all admit to be most desirable, and it has been a sort of success. It has shown, at all events, that there is an earnest desire for Federation and a disposition to act unitedly to obtain it, but how far the required action will be taken remains to be seen. The proposed Bill to authorise a Convention has, we under- stand, been pretty fully discussed, and we may hope that it will be accepted and honourably, that is without any reservation, be brought before the various . Parliaments as quickly as possible. What reception it will meet then is quite another thing, but the people ought to make the fact plain that they do not mean to allow their interests to be sacrificed to party aims or rival leaders to mar the great work of unity whilst they fight out their particular, personal quarrels. If the people are not in earnest, and do not show that they are so, it is easy to perceive how all that has been doue will have been done in vain, and that we are only now at the outset of another miserable journey in a circle. Then, we have the Postal and Telegraph Conference, another attempt at agreement, which has failed because the colonies aro not now io a position to face the business put before them. We have bo doubt, however, that the decision arrived at so far will have to be reversed within a comparatively brief period, for the practical union of Canada and Aus- tralasia is as certain as any develop- ment in these modern days. We may predict, we think with safety, that within a year the whole aspect of affairs will be changed, and a Pacific cable will become a matter of policy from which no one will dissent. The Mining Conference stands out, too, as among those which should be of great service. It is the converse of some that we have mentioned or re- ferred to. It represents the endeavour of those who do know to instruct those who do not know. Indeed, it has often been a matter for wonder that the miners have borne so long and so patiently the trammels placed upon their industry, the most of which date from a time when the miner was re- garded as a sort of wicked character who wauted to seize on the riches of the country purely for his own benefit. As a matter of fact, he is one who works hard at a- precarious industry,, who takes great risks, who works often for years without reward, aud on whose sturdy labour, skill, and persever- ance depends the development of the resources of the country, and even the failureor success of its finances. We trust that one of the results of the present j Conference will be the sweeping away of a host of idle restrictions and use- less regulations, which appear, in many cases, to have been devised to prevent the pursuit of a great in- dustry, and mainly for the purpose of showing how important a special de- partment is. We mt»y hope, too, that something will be done to deal with the monopolies which . always arise under the leasing system, which have done so much to retard the progress of mining in all the colonies. The prin- ciple should be, the land to those who .will use it, and to no one else. No doubt, the practical persons who have assembled together will show the directions in which reforms are re- quired, one of which, we take it, will be the sweeping away of a lot of use- less restrictions and trivial regulations. This Conference, at all events, should be amongst those which will leave a good record._ There can be no doubt that the re- ligious world, that is, that portion of the world which claims to be specially pious, has scored a victory. It has contrived to get passed current throughout a large portion of Christen- dom the belief that the colony _ of Vic- toria is rapidly lapsing into crime, by reason of the secular system of educa- tion that has now been in force there for a number of years. The statement by which this conclusion is supported appears to have first been made by Bishop Moorhouse, who is supposed to have local knowledge, and it lias been what is'called " verified'1 by a clergyman in Victoria, « ho pro- duced his figures at the late Church Congress in Hobart. Our tele- grams show that conclusions based on these figures are being passed current in Europe by a_ number of persons, some of whom desire to see sectarian education introduced into the English State schools, whilst others profess to seek only for some broad kind of religious instruction. In this part of the world we know that the figures produced at the Church Con- gress here wen» fully analysed, and shown to be partial and unfair, not being sustained . by the statistics of either the Statistican of Victoria or New South Wales. Indeed, everybody is supposed to know that there are no special evidences of morality on the part of the youth of New South Wales as compared with the youth of Vic- torin, whilst the statistics show this in such a conclusive manner that we may well wonder at the perverse ingenuity which seeks to make theopposite appear. Possibly, with all charity we «'ill say probably, the reverend gentleman who " verified " the figures has not been in the habit of dealing with statistics, or he could not bave fallen into such grave mistakes as he has been the means of passing current. We might remark further, that in the literary world 1 when statements aro disproved, when they are shown to have been made under a, mistake, they are withdrawn, but the religious world does not appear to be bound by any such unwritten code of honour. As this is the case, the figures referred to will be dealt with ia what we may call au authorita- tive manner, and means will be taken to ensure that the truth reaches all concerned in this question. If this should prove unpleasant to those who have taken no notice of the criticisms on the original figures, they will have only themselves to thank. Wrrn bush fires raging all around them, and their farms and steadings in daily jeopardy, Victorian fanners are anxious that the South Australian Bush Fires Act should be adopted and en- forced in their colony, The Act was passed in 1885, and has worked so yvell that its adoption generally throughout the colonies, including Tasmania, would beti Judicious step. Its provisions are drastic in the sense of compelling care less people to have regard for the safety of their own and their neighbour's pro- perty, though to people who are cautious by custom and habit, it presents no undue interference with customary liberty. In enjoins that between cer- tain dates in every year there shall be _ no burning off except during limited periods, and that no fire for burning scrub shall be lighted unless a space of half a chain in width has been cleared around the place to be burnt. The use of ignitable wadding for guns> is prohibited, travel- lers are not perpiitted to light fires for boiling their billies unless in a clear space of 10ft. radius at least. Smokers during the. summer months of the year are prohibited from smoking in the open air within 20 yards of any stable, or of any rick, stack, or field of hay, corn, straw, stubble, or any other in- flammable vegetable production, unless within a town, or except with a pipe properly covered. Trees arc not to be blasted in November, December, January, Fe.bruary, or March. These are the principal provisions of the South Australian law. and ex- ceed in exactness the restrictions im- posed under the ordinary Police Offences Acts and local by-laws in force in the other colonies. Though giving reminder of the old curfew law of William the Conqueror, it can scarcely bo avouched< that even in these modern days of independence restrictions are unnecessary. Every year carries its record of widespread loss and devasta- tion through bush fires caused by care- lessness, and while legislators are com- bining! and federating on other matters probably of no greater import, a uni- form law as to fire restriction through- out the colonies has much to commend it. _________ " The Mebcirï s " Pictokmi Supple mest-Whether Hobart is destined to become the capital city of the futu-e Aus trulubian Federation or not, it is a sigoiScant fact that it is the most popular rendezvous for the members of all kinds of organisations who have to discuss matters of intercolonial concern The nnportaat meetings held here dining the past week have mude unusual demands upon our space, and in order to give full reports of these events of real national concern we have had to issue several supplementary sheets To day we present our readers with a two page sheet of illustrations of the Premiéis of Australia and the members of the Federal Council The meetings of these two bodies v. ill become historical, and a memento of the chief builders of the future Austra-iasiun Constitution will doubtless be valued by those of the time to come when the new order of things has been set up IsTKKCOLOMAL PrOITGBOW bKS CONJ-ftt Fsct. -hir Edward Braddon has represented tu the Premiers of New South Wales and Victoria the desirability of issuing free passes over the railways of those colonies for accredited delegates to the Australasian Fruitgrowers' Conference, to be held in Hobart early in April, and both Mr Keid and Mr Turner readily agreed to grant the concession. 1 he arrangements for the Con foi cace are pr< gretsmg, some of the colonies having alreadv selected delegates Ike Postal Com-írincs -Themembcis of the Australasian Postal Conference re assemble this morning at 11 at the Legisla tive Council chamber SoRUA, Causeway -The Government have been notified of certain damage to the woodwork at the Sorell Causeway, amount log in value to £25, the circumstances attending which are thought rather peculiar, so that the attcotion of the police bus been called to the matter The affair is now in tneir hands Unu AiMfcO TtLHCKiM -A message ad dressed Hem y A Mingnay uwaits a claim int ut the Telegr pli Office li\\\ FlVll IS IVUV (li llCssIIlL, (Olliplllllt and otk u baille tliu best mullc-il si ¡11 No em nctd sutler fiom ir hound foi ii Miufl pic pucd fioin Hie huuilvptiib Olibulus is a muc uni speed} cure Cold.m the li ni con/i iufUic.il/-jx ne all nistaiillv ich vii bv Pint)pus 1 ucnlvptus biiufl &cc; that von get theiiKhlhort us thticis oiili one 1'lalv fus bul plenty of iiiiiUiiions Plat v pus ucnlvptus Oil 1 Ml let bnufl 'soup Pastille Dculifucu Disinfectants Oinlincnt ct el« J usiniiiiun 1 ucnlv plus Oil Company I iinitcU Hobait and London H 1 Goiau K, Co ( Special Agc ti for Hobart I Vice Begal -His Excellency the Gover nor paid d formal visit to li M w Orltnilo yesterday, accompanied by tho private secretar), Mr Rawlinson They «ere rowed off in the Admitáis 12 oared pinnace, the guns firing a salute, and admiral Bridge himself received thitn on board tho flagship After a brief stay His Excellency returned to Government House Tue Pklmiirs Confehenof - The laat scene in the Beries of Federation meetings takes place to day, when the Premiers will nuet once more to discuss the terms of the draft bill, and final!) adopt it An indica tion of other future steps may also be looked for The Labouh Maiket ino thl West Coast -There i , it seems, y cry little need for able bodied men to be out ot work at tho present day, as there is plcnlj to bo got on the West Coist at remuneratii e rates of wages , men are, in fact, leaving the Go vemment road works there to tako service with tho Mouut Lyell Co , as thi\ get a higher rate of wages with them, and Mr Lord, the Government Inspector, has tele graphed to have SO more men sent to him at once to be employed on the Mount Lyell road, etc 1 he vote sanctioned by Parin ment of £1,425 has been exp ntl ed on the portion of the road between Struhau and the 15 mile, and the work now in hand is por tion of tho road beyond the lo n ile towards Mount Lyell, which is being carried out by the contribution of £1,31)0 made by the Company to further the work As the Inspector of Works (Mr Helmer) who has just returned from that district, reports ihat it will take £500 more to finish the loiver Dortion of the road between Strahan and the 15 mile, the department has com n unicated with tbe duectore of the com piny in Melbourne asking whether they are agreeable to a sum of £o00, still in hand out of their £1,300 contribution, which is not required for the upper portion of the road, being expended on the lower part, and also whether thty will supplement the amount Ly nny further sum necessary to make the road passable, such contribution to be subsi dised £1 for £1 ly the Governirent In th» meantime the work of ihn upper part of the road is going on, having been let in small contracts State Schools.-The Minister of Educa- tion hae agreed to Scamander and Falmou li being made half-time schools, under tho charge of Mr. Boultby, the pre6eut teicher at Falmouth being transferred to the Upper Huon, vice Mra. McGinniss, resigoed. The Bank of Vax Liemh-v's Land Lottery.-Active interest in this under- taking is now being evinced notonly in Hobart but all parts of Tasmania, and tho other colonies. The near approach of the drawing is raising groit anticipations as to who are to be the lucky winners of the many splendid prizes offered. The list of subscribers closes on the 28th of this month, and for the con- venience of visitors the office in Miller'a bu'ldings, Murray-street, will remain open this evening from 7.30 to 9 o'clock. Primitive Methodist Assembly.-The annual assembly of the Primitive Methodist Church of Victoria and Tasmania takes place in Hobart this week. The presideut and delegates' reception meeting will beheld at the Temperance-ball at 4 p.m. to-day, and this evening at 7.30. The Rev. H. Heathershaw will preach the district sermon, and the business of the assembly will com- mence to-morrow^ morning. As to the public meetings, to-morrow evening a meeting will be held in the Town-hall at 7 30, when the Rev. S. Bracewell will speak on " Primitive Methodism und its origin ; " Rev. J. T. , Kearns on " Methods of bucccbs ;" and Rev. . W. Goyen, " The young life of the church." The chair will be taken by the Rev. G. Grey. On Friday evening a holiness meet- ing will be held in the Town-hall, and on Saturday a number of ministers will speak on temperance iu the Temperance-hall. The delegates to the forthcoming Conference were welcomed on arrival at the railway terminus last night by leading members of the Primitive Methodist denomination in Hobart, amonit whom was Mr. G. Hiddle stone, M.H.A. Tbe Rev. J. T. Piercey went some distance up the line and boarded , the train, giving the visitors a cordial wel- come to Hobart. Tbe visitors will be hospitably domiciled by various members of the Church. y Vi C A Convebsa/iom.-A highly successful conyerta/ione waa held yesterday afternoon at the Memorial hall, under the auspices oi the Hobart branch of the young Women's Christian Association Miss Chan oellor presided, and tbe proceedings were opened with prayer by the Rev Frcdern-ks, of Zeehan Miss Ni bat, who is ona of the two miasiouaries supported by tbe Associa tion in China, being on a visit to Tasmania after five years' work, gave an inteietting account of life among Chinese women aud girls, and of the fonndhng home of which she has charge . she made a special appeal for more workers to cope with the needs of the mission, Mrs Crisp Mr Fairfax, and Mr R Crouch sang, aud Miss Smith played a pianoforte solo Miss Bocth, Bccretaiy of the Melbourne y W C A , spoke oa the work in the Victorian capital, referring par ticularly to what had been done and vvli it yet remained to be done An address was also given by Mrs Gleer, from India To augment the Association s funds there were stalls for the sale of cakes, raspberries und oream, fruit and vegetables, with afternoon tea tables The members of the Association, headed by their secretary (Miss Crouch) rendered valuable assistance. Among the visitors were8sveral of the delegates to the Intercolonial Temperance Convention, and the attendance generally was good, while the proceeds should bs very satisfactory Concerts at rat Blind-Another popu lur concert »as given in the Town hall last evening by the blind people from the A io torian Institute for the Blind Admission being free there was a large attendance The performances of the blind orchestra, and tbe singing in the concerted numbers were much appreciated The quartette " Dame Durden,' hy Misses F Drummond amd E Wilson and Messrs. M Taylor and T Giumff excited much enthusiasm, and they were vociferously encored Mr F Hunter, the blind violinis', played very «we tly & E King's " Romance " The duet singing of Misses E J Andrew and L Wilson was superlitively good A callee tion was taken up in aid of the funds of the institute, and at the oloae of the concert a quantity of goods manufactured by the pupils were offered for sile Mr Whmhcld thanked those who had provided free lodg ings for the pupil«, the press, and others who had rendered assistance The whole party yvill give a oonoert this evemug "t Kempton on their way to Launceston Fireworks -This evening the Cricket Associatu n ground will be the scene of a miguincent display of h civorks, the S T C A Committee hdviop entered mto a contract with the Pheonix Fireworks Co of Melbourne, and the performance agreed upon is a guarantee that the public will be euabltd to oojoy i really grand pyrotechnic disp ay lu older that ther- may be no coufueiou or crush when the display starts a pro ucnude baud conceit will commence at S o clock, aud m view of the anticipated Urge attendance special arrangements hal e been nude to meet the convenience of patrous The displuv is guaranteed to be continuous foi more ti an an hour, end con tains many novelties, siihueut to satisfy the children wonda tug it the bery pigeuns and the whistling rockets, as well a« the adults phased at the ingenuity of the set pieces As the surplus is to meet the expense ot bnugtng over Stoddart s team to Hobart the committee should receive bountiful support Eight Hours' Dlmomstration -The com nuttee have received promises to assist in the forthcoming procession fron the follow ing -Mçssrs Ifould &. Co , J W Beattie, Singer Manufacturing Co , G W Plough mau, Austral Cycle Ageuov, Wertheim feewitiL. Machines, C Long, T Clarke, and frorr the following trade societies -Typo graphical, Curriers and Tanners, Ship wrights and Carpenters Mr T Drew wrote suggesting thal a Dark Town fire brigade be L,ot up for the procession, which proved one of the features in the Bendigo Easter fair prooi ssion Suggestion adopted, and Mr Drew's co operation invited to arrange this burlesque element of the pro posed proceBBion Mr Gordon, the leore tary, laid onthetablecorrespondencewith the Exhibition Commissioners re an arrange ment by which the tickets in the eight hours gift distribution would admit to the Exhibition and to an enterutsment in the concert ball on one night during the month Enclrsion io Kaolehamk Nfck-To morrow the s s Nubeena will run a day excuision to Eaglehawk Neck, leaving Brooke street piei at 8 45 a in BuMOiReS at Molnt Lil il -Bushfires have been prevulent throughout the colony duung the recent diy weather, and amongst tho damage donc al the Government learn fiom their inspector, has been the drstruu tion of tho A oiks Department camp at Mount Lyell Luckilv. Mr Lord, who is in charge, vvus able to Baye the oil] lal cotre spondence und departments papers as well iib the bed.hop, but everything else was com pletely destuye I lloit, A. Son -1 Mr, Ihm mi. now suppliingn leall} 111st-classbottled ulc in factgoodjudgos pronounce ii equal if not sunciloi in quality to uni coloulul -ile thal has been browed Mcn«is Bo ig &.S011 mc now picpaicd lo dclivci their celebrated beor in nine 01 (Ive «allon kegs *ull piirtlculnis can be obtained from their Southern Manager Mi W O Eltham, at the olliee 61», Collins sti ect ncxtfehip Hotel. Homeward Enqlisi! Mails -The English mails homew ard bound, which left Tasmania on December 31, arrived in London on the 3rd inst , per R M S Massili* They were duo on February 11 Cit\ Poli"p Court-Tbe business at this Court was disposed ot yesterday by the Police Magistrate and Mr G S Seabrook, J P Anuie Davis was proceeded against by the Inspccto- of tho Queenborough Board of Health fur selling milk without a hcenao For the defence it waa stated that defeudant was licensed to sell milk in the city, and she did not think she should pay another 10s for telling one quart of milk in the Queenborough district The Bench was of opinion that the quantity sold had nothing to do with the case, but the informa tion described defendant us carrying on the husmeas of a cowkecper in the Queenborough district which was incorrect, consequently it was dismissed The Police Magistrate said both he and his brother Magistrate wero not at all clear as to the right of Local Boards of Health collecting the rate in question from sellers of milk residing outside their districts The mutter was one which needed setting in order Personally, he did not think it was the intention of the Health Act that fees should be charged The Local Boards were certainly empowered to see that all milk sold was pure, and to have it analysed if need be, and he thought that was sufficient He intended submitting the case to the Law officers of the Crown Kate Hogan was fined fis , and ordered to pay costs, amount ii g to 1 Is Gd for assaulting Lily Gullen in Liverpool street on the 21rd ult Com plumant was represented by Mr J W Hamilton ( W alch, Hamilton k Muglislon) Foster Bullock was fined 2s Gd for being absent from his cart Margaret Haddock, charged with being drunk and disorderly, was discharged with a caution A prohi bition order was made against Wm O Brien for 12 months The Grv-ex-Eykd "Monster. - A case with some amusing evidence in it was heard at the City Police Court yesterday morning. The particulars given Bhowed that one " young lady " lind been " walking out with a young gentleman " for three years, and, as wus only natural, felt much annoyed when she saw this estimable person arm in arm with "another young lady." The upshot of it was the jilted maiden thumped her rival on the nose, causing that member to bleed svmewhut profusely. A summons promptly followed theso, to say the least of them, un- ladylike proceedings. Before tho Court the whole of the facts came out. The cause of the trouble was called as a witness, and it must be admitted that be was not the sort of person one would expect girls to quarrel, much less to fight about. He described what ho saw whilo in the company of " two other gentlemen,'' but his evidence did not throw much light on the affair. The Bench gave a long'and patient hearing to the case, and while admitting defendant had some sort of provocation, pointed out that the law made no allowance for jealousy, and did not consider it justified un assault. The estimable practice of punching noses might be permissible in a boxing saloon, but it could not be tolerated in the streeis, even when carried on by the weaker Bex. It is certainly not prohibited in any standard work on etiquette, but if persisted in it would undoubtedly place those who practised it under society's ban, and further, would bring them within the clutches of the law. Franklin.-The anniversary services io connection with the Wesleyan Sabbath school was held on Sunday. 3rd inst. In the morning Rev. W. Beckett preached, and in the afternoon a children's service was held. The church was filled, and the Rev. A. T. Holden, B.A., presided. After sing- ing and prayer, the Superintendent (Mr. C. Reeve) gave the annual report, which showed that whilst thetc hod been a gain of same scholars there hud also been a loss, leaviog the number the same as last year. 37, with an average attendance of 27. There had been a loas of two teachers, leaving the number at (j The income for the year wa» £S 2s, 11s ; expenditure, £2 lis. lid., leading a balance in baud of £5 11s. addresses were given by Mr. T. Barnett (Congregational) and Rev. A. T. Holden, after which the prizes were distributed to the children. In the evening Mr. Holden preached to a large congregation. 'The children sang several pieces during the day, aud collections were taken up iu aid of the school funds. Bi.rs» Musicians is the Country. The choir and orchestra of tho Royal Vic- torian Institute for the Blind commence a series of concerts in the country this evening at Kempton. They givo a concert at Pont- ville on Thursday, and another at Ross on Friday. Women's Prayer Union.-In connection with this union Miss Booth, of the y.W.C.A. Melbourne, will address a meeting to >i orrow afternoon at S o'olock ; also at 7 and 7.30. Soma Arm Fair.-The annual fair takes placeas theCalverton-hall this afternoon. The s.s. Huon leaves for South Arm at i o'clock, returning at 6.30. Afternoon tea will be provided at the hull, and a cricket match is among the attractions. S.S. Huon.-This excursion steamer pro- ceeds to-morrow morning to the Franklin and Huon po^ta at S 30, returning on Friday afternoon. Visitors will find this river trip one of the best in Tasmania, the scenery «it route being magnificent. BOWLING CLUB.—The following is the second drawing for the Launceston Plate ; the names are as follow, with handicaps allowed :—T. Bevan, 0 ; M. McArthur, 6 ; H. M. Steinbach, 0 ; H. R. Nicholls, 0 ; R. Snowden, 0 ; T. A. Reynolds, 5 ; G. Roberts, bye. To be played on or before Wednes- day, February 13. Boxing Contest.-At Dillon's Arcade last evening a boxing contest took place between P. Doyle, of Zeehan, and C. Murphy, of Hobart, At the conclusion of the fifth round Murphy was declared the winner, bis opponent having injured his arm. 