BUSY MAN'S COLUMN:'. \---- . . "STAND FROM UNDER." T4 GENERAL parade of military forces this se afternoon at Albert Park.. The commandant te wants toy inspect-the colony's: fighting - material; - Two pending law cases in Williamstown. An action for defamation, and a writ for breach of promise of marriage. S After diligent research and takinig of evidence on ;the minimunm rate of wage P question, the committee sanctioned by the th Government have concluded -that "they t don't know where they are." Miss Stokes, matron of the Williamstown S Hospital paid a high compliment at the committee meeting on Tuesday. Inquqrrj(opened at the Williamstown i drillronm" on Tuesday into the late tatoo al accident. Closed doors. Gunner Richardson was so far recovered b: on Wednesday as to be able to give evidence 1 in tile accident which befel him at the G Exhibition. Ah ! -Council inviting tenders for luoestone kerbing, Back Beach, in . Tuesday's Age n Outside competition again. Why not let n local'cootructors live ? Last week's revenue of the Railways ie departmeiht showed an increase in fares, e parcels and live stock, but a falling off on a good returns.": While the ratepayers of other suburbs are quarrelling over the rolls purification, it is 0 pleasing to notice that not a solitary com- q plaint has lien heard inf Williamsstown v district., at tie manner .lr Moore has carried out his responsible duties. A golden.s mountain has been at last discovered in West Australia, and the lucky prosoectors I have been arrested for "black 2 bird" shootiig. s iNew iinsolvent,-Malcolm McDonald, of V Cole stieet, l'illiamstown, mariner; -canses;' t .illness' of 'vifo and pressure of creditors: Liabilities £5il l 12s 1Od ; 5asset, £2-50 : def.icney;.t18l1 12s 0Od. - S'Thousands? ;on the Rack Beach last Wednesday evening. to enjoy the fine music r 1 of the Railways Band.: I Mr Ellery predicted a thunderstorm on I ,Wednesday. Silk coats were got out and I worn extensively. Only one drunk locked up on Tuesday. A good record, seeing the thermometer stood at 149 degrees in the sun. Local Hospital sadly needs a library of reading, books. Wsho'ivill give the first volume ?. Moonlight hospital benefit trip on the Amy favorably discussed. A splendid outing in store next moon. Who knows why fishermen charge more for their catches straight from the nets on the Back Beach than the Swanston street fish shops sell the same articles? Y Rev. Johnt Clark's farewell to be made a a demonstration of respect by friends in and d out the church. Great success of "Trial by Jury," at the Mechanics' on Thursday. o Fully 10,000 miners and prospectors' free r railway passes have been issued by the 1 department. Much good has already Sresulted. The case of Kilpatrick against the owners of the Alert keenly watchedin Williamstown. s The verdict hears heavy consequences. r Great battle with a feathered monster in a the Police Court. Safely caged by Constable Bolger. The little fish gobbles up the big fish, ,- Japan operating upon China. e Punch has this week an excellent cartoon a upon the comingtest msnatch, England against Australia. The smoke from bush-fires around the s coast this week delayed the arrival of inward boundl stenships. His Excellency the Governor will leave the colony on the 26th March. Railways annual picnic to Bendigo to-day, d six special trains. \- The silver challenge trophy won by the Williamstown Naval Brigade now on view in Collins street. -Sixty.six, out of 110 passengers, released r from quarantine up to date. No further n outbreak of small-pox. n "Trial by Jury? to be repeated at some Sfuture date. , Merry-go-round in full swing on the mud Y flat. k An apology for the omission of God save r the Queen at last Thursday evening's enter tainment. - , -: " 