LOCAL AND GENERAL ITEMS. The River Embankments. — Yesterday Mr. H. D. Walsh, of the Harbours and Rivers Department, Newcastle, visited West Maitland. In company with Mr. Gillies, M.P., and the Mayor (Mr. H. Crothers) Mr. Walsh inspected various portions of the river embankments, and promised should the river obtain a sufficient height to enable punts to be worked, that stone would be brought down from the mountain and placed along the river bank where iiteueu ueiwcbu niirasrs. vvoire, uorriCK, ana uo s and the back of Riley's. The condition of the embankment at fche Woolscouring Company's premises was also brought under his notice, but there is, it seems, some hesitation on the part of Mr. Sharpe, the manager of the Company, or Mr. Lee, who owns the property, to allow the embankment to be completed only under certain condi ions. Should any necessity arise for any immediate action to be taken, Mr. Walsh is pie pared, we uaderstand, to carry the embankment along the_ roadway, so that there need be no apprehension with regard to the town being in danger of flood because of the de'ay occasioned by those connected with the property askinj for terms which the Council does not see its way clear to accede. — A hastily summoned meei.ing of members of the Borough Council was held this morning at Mr. O. K. Young's office, for the purpose of conferring with Mr. W. B. Sharpe, of the Northern Wool Scouring Company, on the terms of the proposed agreement with reference to fche continuation of the Oakhampton embankment through fche Company's property. There were present : The Mayor (Mr. H. Crothers), Aldermen Wilkinson, Young, Birkeuhead. Tavlor. Ribee. and Ross. After the matter had been fully threshed out, it was agreed tbat the Coan-;il would be ome responsible for the due fu'filmenfc of the bond as prepared by the Government — that is to guarantee the payment of £150 in acco- dance with the terms of the agreement as arranged between Mr. Darky and Mr. Edward Lee, provided permission wa3 given to have the embankment carried through the Wool Scouring Company's property as required by the Council. A letter to this effect; was written end forwarded to Mr. Sharps ; and arrangement were then made with Mr. Thos. Doheny and other contractors to have tae bretch between fche two lines of embantment — about Bixty feet in length — filled in with bags of sand and earth, as a precaution in case of flood. The Yacht Vesta for Sale.— We have been requested to direcb attention to the sale, bv auction, by Mr. J. N. B-.uaker, ar, the Market Wharf, New castle, on Thm- sdny n»st, afcfchiee o'clock in the afternoon, of the ypebt Vesta, now in the Newcastle harbcur, and completely fitted up with every equipment for pleasure parties. — Com. The Rev. Ralph Bbown's Lectures. — The Rev. Ra'ph Brown, of Vi .fcoria. delivered bis lecture on ' He3:ds and fa^es,' in the Wesl°yaa School Ha'l, West Msitls-nd, last evening. Aboub eighty pecson8 gathered to hear the rev. gentleman's remarts, aid considering the boisterous weather tbe a\ teodance may be considered very la-ge. Mr. T. J. Ribee occupied the chair. The discourse was much t.be8.irae as that g'ven at East Maifc'and, and a'.tesdy reported by us. The gentleman manages to import borne very useful hints, whi.eafc fchePime time keeping hi3 aud'ence in good humour by bis remarks. At fche conclusion, several genfleraen as'ended tbe platform and had tbeir beads mani pulated by Mr. Brown, much to tbe amusement of tbe audience. Mr. Biown delivers his lecture rh-s evening, on ' Atcip rouad the world on 6s 6d, a:?d how I aid if.' The school-hall having been en gaged for another purpose, the lecture wi'l take plane in tbe Wesleyaa Church. The Floodgates. — In consequence of rhe con tinued heavy rains, the rapid rise in the r'.ver, end the fpa- of another flood, the Mayor of West Mait laud this mo'a:ng, Rfber having seen the cornn'etion of arrangements for the proper protection of fche embankment at Oakhampton, had a number of men seat to the floodgates, where under the supervision of the Councils overseer (Mr. Sam. Wall) Fand bags were placed alon^ the wings of the rates for the better prevention of the water getting into Wallis' Creek should tbe liver rise sufficiently. With the- eexceptioas the embankments everywhere around the iown are reckoned to be high enough and sound enough to cope with any emergency. The Dagworth Embankment. — The work of repairing fche breach in this embankment wps to have commenced yesterday, but unfortunately the heavy rains which continued falling all day pre vented anything being done. Now that the creek has comniEOf-pd to rise, and appearances gener^'y indiiafce a heavy rise in the Hunter and its various tributaries, if not so.tietbing worse, the residents of Louth Park aid Dagworth are becoming appre hensive on account of the breach alluded to. A rise o? six feet in Fishery Creek would cause the farm Vmds in that neighbourhood to be inundated, and Louth Park would also suffer'. We do not know what is being doue in the matW, but the farmers interesied miy be credited wibh sufficient eneigy and iufce'ligence fo make a united and strenuous effort to have the breach temporarily repaired in order that their crops may not be placed in jeopardy. The Nest Cheap Excursion Train.— We are rpqnested to irtiinate that the next cheap excursion fc'ain from Northern stations to Sydney wjll be run on Thursday, January 31. An announcement; of (.be Itmes, etc., will appear in our issue of Satur day next. East Maitland Police Court — Before Mr. J. Cunningham. J.P., at the East Maifcland Police ('ourb yesterday, John Ashursfc was fined 5s or 24 hours for usin* obscene Iaagu3u;e, and 10s or three days for profane lanwuaje. Both offences were committed in Melbourne-street on Saturday evening. Maitland Benevolent Society. — It wi'l be seen by an advertisement in our business columns that the annual meeting of the above Sooiety takes place to-morrow (Wednesday) evening in the Board Rsom of fche Asylum, Reg3nt-3fcreefc. A report and balance-sheet showing the p?rt year's operations of the Society will be sub mitted, and a committee elected to manage the in slil utlon foe the incoming year. All friends o? the institution ar» invited to attend. The Mayor will preside, s-nd tbe meeting will commence at half past seven. Wills of the Week. — During last week stamp duty to the mount of £130S 7s was paid on the following wills: T. Ciapp, Urall*. £4910; J. J. Paine, Cowalong, £870 ; «?. S. Whitisker, Br^adal bane, £540 j R~ Smith. Waterloo, £475 ; M. Free man, Surry H'Us, £420; J. Smith, Partamatfca, £3905 ; Eiizibeth Hill, Waratah, £135 ; J. Legabt, Louth, £5180; E. Johnson, Rudfern, £600 ; R. T. Stack, Woollabra, £705 ; J. Webster, Leichhardt, £390 i D. Howell, Miller's Point, £260; J. Walsh, Botany, £2655; S. Atcheriy, Dubbo, £15,360; J. Holloman, Balmain, £180 ; T. Ne'-by, Ltfichbavdt, £565; H. Prescobt, Paddingtorj,£8715j J. Amdell, Blandford, £705 j E. J. Dulay. Norbh Sydney, £535 ; H. Thompson, Galah, £480 j W. C. Auffray, England, £1905; C. Cooper, Paddington, £8395 j E. Builey, Homebush, £1695 s S. Masters, Jones Island, £420; E. Elliott, Wingham, £660 5 J. Carter, Morulan, £245; E. J. Maher, Pennant Hills, £0590 j John Lyons, Bungonia, £520; J. Thompson, Jasper, £165; L. Kennedy, Bathurst, £180; J. F. Bond, Penrith, £775; S. Everett, Bournemouth, £115; L. Hickey, Gosforth, £500; and N. M'Cool, Goulburn, £1485. The Australian Joint Sh;6ck Bank.— The following passages from the HertiWS commercial ai tide on Monday have reference to an advertisement appearing in our igsue of Saturday— 'Ifc has been stated officially this week that the Australian Joint Stock Bank proposes to pay in full one half of the first instalment of its fixed deposits maturing in 1897 on condition fche depositors extend the: other half to 1902. The reconstruction scheme of this bank provided for earlier repayment than that of most other banks. At present the bank is sufficiently supplied with capital to anticipate some of its claims, and as ifc does so in full in advance of the market price, ifc seems a fair consideration that a little longer time shall be given for any equivalent portion, especially as the rate of interest— 4J per cent. — is maintained.' A Serious Case — A young man named John Kedwell was admitted to the Maitland Hospital on Saturday evening, Buffering from inflammation of the bowels. Lnst ni^ht he passed a very bad night, and his condition was very serious indeed. About a week ago Kedwell was thrown from his horae, from the effects of which he had re covered, when he was taken bad with the complaint mentioned. For some little time he has had charge of a grocery store at Mount Vincent for Messr3. M. Benjamin and Sons, of West Maitiand. This after noon we are pleased to hear, fche young man was on fche improve. The Organ Recital at St. Mary's.— We are requested to say tbat fche organ recital announced to be given to- aiorrow evening at Sfc. Mary's Church has been postponed. The chuich authorities hope if fche weather Bhould take a favourable turn, to utcan^e ror it ou uioDaay mgnt next. The Maitland Hospital. — Mrs. Ledsam, who had one of her lejjs amputated at the Hospital yesterday is, we are glad to learn, doing as well as can be expected in the circumstances. Not so, however, with Mrs. Haywood, who has not been so well to-day, and her case is rather critical. Sydney Commercial News. — Business yester day was rather quiet, the English, California, and China mails claiming attention, and fche damp and disagreeable weather also operating to some extent as a damper on commercial transactions. The most ;mportant movement was an advance of 2d in the piice offerpd by city millers for sound new wheat. Very little was coming forward at 2s 3d, and there appeared a probability fchafc purchases might be made here for export, as wheat of good shipping grades is very scarce in Victoria. As the colony bas not produced sufficient wheat for the year's consumption, any wheat exported would have to be replaced at considerably higher cost, so that ifc is obviously necessary tnat prices here shall be kept above the point which admits of exportation to the United King dom. Inquiries have already been made in the Southern districts on account of Victoiian buyers, but fche advanced pries now offered will probably prevent any purchases for that quarter. A little business was done in cornsacks, to arrive, at a price reflecting the weakening which took p'aie in Calcutta quotations a short time ago. For new wheat, as btated above, millers have increased their offers to 2s 5d per bu&hel; for good sound samples. The impoifcionef seveial thousand bags of old wheat from fche South was due, we are informed, to the necessity ol obtaining old wheat to fulfil contracts made for the delivery of old flour. Old flour con tiaues in rather strong demand at firm prices — namely £6 15s to £7. New flour is quoted at £6 5s, but with a firming tendency. — Herald. Pastoral Matters at Dubbo. — The weather during the week has been very hob. On Sunday and Mcnday the thermometer went over the hundreds. Tuesday wa3 a'so oppressive. Towards evening the sly became clouded, and ifc looked like rain, but about seven o'clock the wind rose, and there was no rain. Tbe country looks well, though the danger of bush-fires is causing some anxiety. Stock movements are few. 100 fat cattle, sold by Mr. W. Gardiner, E'lengerah, and 5000 fat sheep, disposed of by the same gentleman, are coming to the Dubbo _RefVigerating Works to be treated. They are said to be splendid quality. From the Bogan a small lot of old sheep are coming to be boiled down. They belong to several owners. — Dispatch, January 18. He Knew too Much about it. — Here is a warn ing to preachers wbo deal with the thorny subject of befct'ng and gambling, ^cuocding to the Record, Canon Whifc'ey, the veteran vicar of Bedlington, who was Senior Wrangler as long ago as 1830, preached a sermon in which he showed the foolishness of staking money when the chances of winning were so smatl. Two pitmen discussing the sermon after wards, were heard to say they felt sure ' the vicar must have betted a lot hissel in his time, or he wouldna ha knowed sa much aboot it.' The Canon is very fond of telling fche story against himself. Snakes Swallowing Snakes.— Mr. Arthur E. Vin-y, wiitea from Ceree, Cape Colony, to the London Times:— Your weekly issue of October 26 came to haod by last mail reporting the extraor dina--j cannabilistiu feat of the boa constrictor in tbo Zoological Gardens. This incident, marvellous though it was, is capped by another which is well authenticated in this neighbourhood. Near fche ostrich farm of Mr. Mallerby a large black snake was recently killed. As it appeared unusually fat in proportion to its length it was cut open. Inside ifc was found a yellow snake almost as long as itself. Inside the yellow snake was found a good sized black snake, in wbicli were thiity eggs, each of which contained a young snake, apparently not much the wo-ae for their temporary entombment. This make3, thecefore, a total of thirby-two snake3 inside one sihke ! Weekly Revenue Returns.— The revenue re turns for fche past week show a net increase of ££778 over the corresponding period of last year, fche total revenue for the week having been £149,329 as egiinst £143.551 for laafc year. The chief increises are £2964 from land sales, and £12.053 froji unclassified receipts. Tbe unclassi fied receipts for the week amounted to £14,663; but thn inchides unclaiired balances on 31st December, 1894, of intest-te estates to fche extent of £12,556, the correspond! igcedifc for 1894 having been made in February. Tne chief decreases are £5199 ia Customs and £1176 in railway receipts. Many othfir departments show smill decreases. Tbe net increase in the revenue from 1st January to 19fch January was £17,960. Too Good to Last.— Two city girls went to stay afc a farmhouse kept by an honeat old farmer, and, a'fcpr supper the first evening, they sat down to fcilk over their pleasant surroundings. 'Just Ih'nkj' said one, ' what lovely milk that was — nice and rich, anS so much better than tbafc blue stuff we get in town.' 'It's too good to last, I'm afraid,' responded the elder one. Next morning they were up early, walking through the garden bepore breakfast. Tbe farmer and his hired man were in the cow-shed adjoining. 'Bill,' they beard him crll out, 'did you water them cows be'ore you m'lked 'em ?' The girls looked afc each other with quick understanding. ' There,' ex claimed the eHer, 'didn't I tell you it was too good to last?' And they went slowly and sadly into fche house, expecting to find blue milk for breakfast. 