I)HE PROGRESS OF WEST AUSTRALIA, INTERVIEW WITH SIR JOHtf FORREST. The Hon. Sir John Forrest, Premier of Western Australia, arrived in Adelaide by the mail steamer Oruba on Tuesday afternoon on his vrs,y to attend the meetings of the .c eaerai Council and to represent his colony at the Podt&l; Conference. He is not aaro whether he will ba present at the meeting of Premiers at Hubart, aa he has so far received very little information in regard to what is proposed to be done on that occasion. With the other delegates from Western Australia Sir John Forrest ianded on fueaday after noon and proceeded to the York Hotel. Ha will continue the journey overland to-day. Tha Premier of the western colony was interviewed by a representative of thtsitef/itter on Tuesday evening, aud iu answer to a question said. 'I hope to be able to make bettar arraaijuments at the Postal Conference for the mail at-amers leaving King George's oound. At present the boats from England ieavo tor the eastern colouies at ail houra of the night. At present intending passengers are not sure at what hour they will De called up. I am going to see if aom» agreement can be made chat steamers arriving after 11 o'clock at nigh; shall not leave for the eastern colonies till alter S o'clock the nest morning. As a matter uf fact it its very often this iattar hour ac which they do leave, but it is the un certaiuty which is eo objectionable, aad by the arrangement every colony ought tj be cacsiclerBd. I intend to propose, too, that the homeward mails should leave Adelaide on Saturday instead of en Wednes day. Tho present arrangement suits us very well, but some of tha other colonies are not satisfied. Thursday or Friday would not suit our colony. We do not want mails to arrive in Perth ou a Sunday. We are quite willing, and have intimated ad much to the Imperial Government, for the .present contract to exread to 1S9S. We would be very glad to assist some of the other colonies in the direction of having a certain amount of space on the raaiiboats set apart for produce, but we do not press it. i think we are, perhaps, going a httle too far in trying to dictate to the Home I io vernaient as to theolassof labour to be carried on the mail steamers, aee;ng that the contract is for a, considerable portion of the British Empire. With regard to the inter ruption and delays on the telegraph line bativben here and Perth, we maintain that as » rule these occur on the South Australian aide. There have been some delays recently Dn the Western Australian side owing to bush fires. 1 thr'.nk the tinirf has come when perhaps we shall nave to erect a new wire, and we would b?: qnita willing to do our part to Euc'.a if the South Australian Government) will meet \:a.' ' Wbafi about the development of the gold produoinj; country, Sir John ?' 'Kaiiv/ay communication with Coolgardie will bsfs-ra long be on aocojipliahed fact. As soon as the rails have arrived from England the line will be commenced from Southtn: Gross to tht- tield. The survey has been completed, and plans and specifications are be:n-5- prepared. Tnus&tuo; also can be said for the line from Muliewa to Cue, a distance of 215 milea. I have here a very interesting return just published showing the amount and value of gold, the produce of the colony, which has beeia entered for export from January 1, 1SS5, acwus the time gold was first discovered in wui.-king quantities in the ooiony, to Decem'oer 31 last. This shows as follows: — 1836, 3-)2 oz., valued at £1,147; 1SS7, 4,873 oz., £1.8,517 ; 1838, 3,493 oz., £13,273 ; 18Si», 15.492 oz., £53.871 ; 1890, 22.S06 oz., £SC,ou3 ; 1891\. 30,311 oz., £115,182; 1892, 59,548 oz., £22o, 283; 1893, 110,890 oz., £421,385; 1S94, 207,131 oz., £787,038. These figures are tor the whole of the colony, which is divided into six districts. Of the total quantity last year the Dissriot of Yilgarn contributed 250, ;751 oz., and of thU Coolgardie proper was responsible for 105,320 oz. Now, however, Yilg am and Coolgardie have been made two separate districts. .Last year the llurehison ci3tt:ict contributed lUv,o- - oz. Tna gold has beon-. officially valued oS £'3 l(is. per oz. There aeenr.s to me to be no doubt about the par mauency o: the fields. Tha Governtneut take this view, or they would never have started the railway and esponded the money taey have. When it is remembered that all the pold has been procured to a very great extsnS without the use of machinery one can at once realize the immense quantity thare must ba thero. Taare is no diuicuUy in Coolgrardie cow about water for human consump tion. Tanks have been constructed, aad ( sondensers erected. There is au abundance c »f salt water in the marshes, aaJ it ia ouly a ruatterof condensing it. In Southern Cross f resh wa:er caa be obtained for Ihss chan Id. per gallon, aad at Oooisardioit ia ouly 2d. or 3-i. la my opinion there is aa abundance of w acer in the depressions known as (-alt; marshes, and this can easily bs purnusd to all parts of the field. Salt Wilder, I have been iu formed by a competent mining captain, is better for crushing'parpose3 even taaa fre.ih. Th«re are all sorts or projects for bringing water to th« fields. It h-ii baeu proposed to tak.o tha vv&ter; from the rivers near the const to the iieid, and also to take the ore to the rivers, but I believe th6 simpler plan will ba to pump water from Likea Lefroy and Barlea and other of the salt marched to the field.' ' What -*re the proapaots of future trade with this colony *i' 'Is seems to me that we shall have to send to you for a tremendous amount of bread stuffs, owing to the bad harvest we have expsrieneed. We suffer, as I have often ttaid, from not producing sufficient in our ooiony. Every one has had the gold fever, and the population which has come into the colony has been directed to the fields. In consequence there has nos b&eu; that demand for land and tbas interest takes in cultivation of the sail we abould like. However, we hope that as she people get tired of a rough life sooid of them instead of returning to you v.'iil settle on our Iasd. With that object in view I have introduced two Bills into Parliament to encourage the settlement of land. Both of th'-e nave bean carried. The Homesteads AoD gives to any men who liked to live on the land 160 aere3 free on certain conditions of improvement!. The second Bill, which waa carried only ia3t session, establbhei aa a Government institu tion an Agricultural li&cd; Bank, whioh haa for its objeot the making of advances to farmers or other cultivators of the soil on the security of their holdings, whether held iu fee-simple, or under special occupation Itaae, or conditional purchase lease, or under the Homesteads Acs. Theadvancpg are only to be niad') for the purpose of making improve ments on unimproved holdings, or of adding to improvements already made. No advanoe ia to exceed £400, and the rato of interest is 6 per cent. There are a number of other precautions, and I think the Bill differ* from any I have seen, inasmuch as it only advances for further improvembnte, and not for relieving cay exist ing mortgage or loan. Tiia Bill ia limited in the first place to £100,0^0, and in the tirab iustance I propose to utilize the Government Savings Bank ir.oueyo, as these are eeoured by the Consolidated Revenue Fund. The deposif- ors are quito secure, beeau-e they first have behind them the farmer and hia laud, and than the consolidated revenue.' Sir John Forrest »vas asketi to express an opinion with respect to the rumours whioh were circulated about tha retirement frorji the Ministry of Mr. 5larniion, M L. A., who was Minister for Mines and Coininiasiccer for Lands, but he v&a; disinclined to do so publiciy. STATEMENT BY SIR J. LEE 3TEERE. One of our reporters, chatting with Sir James Lee Stei-re, one of the Western Aus tralian delegates to the Federal Council, learned yesterday that the harbour improve ments at Fremantle are being pushed ou. It is hoped that the mail steamers will be in duced to go into harbour when the works are completed. There is sufficient accomuio lation inside, but the difficulty will ba with the entrance, which is only to be between 600 and 700 ft. wide. The northern breakwater has been completed and the southern ia btung commenced, and will be about 600 ft. Ion?, or abnut 400 ft. shorter than the otoer. There will be good wharfage accommodation for in tercolonial steamers. At Albany dredging operations are beinc carried on by means of a splendid dredger working on the principle of suction. The hospital accommodation at Cuolcrardia is not yet particularly sraod, accord ing to Sir James, but step3 ara being taken to make it so. 