NEWS OF THE DAY. Mr Brake, M.L.A., of Horsham, has re covered his health and will probably attend Parliament this week. The shearers at Valencia Station (S.A.), who were receiving 16) per 100, have struck work because their demand to be paid 17s 6'i was refused. At Clifton (N.S. W.) a miner named Edward Evans, employed in the Coal Cliff colliery, was killed on Monday by a fall of stone several tons weight. Messrs Foley Bros., dairy produce dealers and exporters, of Sydney, have opened an establishment for the sale of Australian dairy produce in Tooley street, London, The steamer Rakai leaves Keppel Bay on the 17th inst,, taking the largest cargo of preserved meats that ever left Queens land. , A most interesting discovery of the fossilised remains of some mammoth ante diluvian animal has been made in the Mount Morgan Company’s ireehuld paddock, Queensland. A child named Elmore, aged two years, was burned to death near Staniwell (Queens land) on Monday, through being Itlt in a perambulator which was caught in a bush fire. - The oi'y council has decided to ereot a large electric light in King William street in order to determine whether it is advisable to light the streets of Adelaide with electricity or not. All telegraphic communication with Cargo has been stopped for some days owing to the recent heavy gales . having blown down trees and damaged, the line in many places between Stnckdale and Cargo. The name ef Lord Wodehoure, eldest son of lha Earl of Kimberley, has been removed from the commission of the peace, in con st qaence of his conviction of an unprovoked assault upon Mr John Gaymer, a builder, during the recent elections. An Ottawa telegram, dated Ist August, says that the Canadian Government has offered to carry tile New Zealand mails across the American continent free of charge for a period of two years. It appears that there are at least 43 tax payers who have taken out money orders for payment of the income tax, bat, oddly enough, they have neglected to forward the orders to the commissioner. Rabbits are said to be so plentiful around Swan Hill that many thousand notes of culti vated land on which wheat was sown this season, and at its commencement gave every appearance of a promising crop, are at the present time absolutely as bare as before sowing. The question of handing over the Tower Bill Islands, at Koroit, to the Council of Agricultural Education as a site for a dairy school or college is causing considerable dis cussion. Many people think the council should not so dispose of the islands even if a vote of the ratepayers resulted in favor of their being given up. The trustees of the Sydney Savings Bank have decided to nominate Sir George Dibbs for tiie position of managing trustee. The nomination is subject to the approval of the Lieutenant-Governor. Tho position carries a salary of £1350 a year, and will involve the recimneut of Sir George from public life. On Sunday morning Shield’s Temperance hotel, Launceston, was struck by lightning and a chimney crashed through the roof, bus not much damage was done, A rooster in ' the yard of the hotel had its bead split open by the lightning. Mr Hamilton, of Stratford, last year put iu about three acres of castor oil plant, which was sown broadcast. It grew re markably well. He is now sotting out seven acres, which is expected to grow S feet high. Mr Hamilton, who got the bonus for a paddock of flax last year, expects to get the same for the castor nil crop. A man, who received 2s 6 1 for removing a dead horse from Colbrgwood, engaged two men to do the woik at 6d apiece. They, however, found the task heavier than they expected and deserted the carcase at Clifton Hill. The enterprising “contractor,” in stead of making 1- 6 i by the job, lost over £6, as he was fined £5 and £1 12s 61 coate for causing a nuisance. Captain Daniel Harding, of the Govern ment boat Khea, one of tho oldest ship masters on the Australian coast, was found drowned at Baltina (N.S.W.), on Monday, Ha was 75 years of age and highly respected in maritime circles. A miner named John Blake at Cowera Creek, N.S.W., was drying dynamite at his firs when six pings exploded, mutilating him frightfully. He has been brought into Gooma Hospital with one foot blown off, one eye blown quite out, and tho other perma nently injured. Both the niau’s hands had to be amputated. The discovery of eeven cases of Beri Beri, a disease almost peculiar to the East, on the ship Seringa, at Newcastle, has caused much alarm amongst the residents there. Bari Beri has ocosionally appeared among the Chinese residents in Now South Wales, but the oases amongst Europeans are rare. The symptoms are very severe, including paralysis. According to a return received by the Treasurer from tho Commissioner of Income Tax, the total taxation represented by the assessment for 1894 amounted to £173,927, while the collections to date are £131,544. Tiie refunds to persona who hove paid more than was legally due amounted to £BlB. Early on Sunday morning a prisoner named Osborne, who was generally regarded as a "softy” or a clever dissembler, made a futile attempt to escape from Pentridge. Ha had used a narrow strip of steel as a saw, and with this endeavored to cut the bare of his cell. William King, a negro, made a murderous assault on the deputy governor of Pentridge on Sunday morning, the mis-ile thrown— part of the cell furniture—just missing Mr Warrick’s, head. King was /fished by several warders, but he managed to knock down two of them with portions of the furniture, which he had smashed up before he was overpowered, Tiie claims for damages in connection with the recent railway accident at Redfern (N.S.W.) have now all been disposed of. In all £167,000 was claimed, and th« total awards made by juries reached £34,000. The whole legal work, with the exoeution of counsel's, was done by the permanent legal advisers of the Railway Commis sioners, thus saving a large amount iu ex penses. The dronght continues throughout New South Wales, On the Bluo Mountains bush fires are raging, and from Bombaia, Berry, Kiama, Pambula, and Wyndham come com plaints of the devastation done by fires, lt» the Hawkesbmy district it is feared that one lady has been burned to death. It is stated that if rain does not full within eight weeks two-thirds of the sheep will be lost, and all the 1893 lambs are dead or dying. In some parts stock are being slaughtered to save their pelts. . 