GENERAL NEWS. Neabiy £9000' worth of W.A. gold- was shipped to Melbourne, on Tuesday last.* j Thb Perth Market is estimated to cost1 £10,00C, and plans-and specifications are being. prepared. IsOBU; Kintobb is expected to arrive at th'e Metropolis on Sunday morning,next by special train from Albany. He will be met by His Excellency and driven to Government House. Mb. J. T. Whitehead, a well-known sporting 'barber of the Metropolis, has issued a writ: against the W.A. Turf Club' claiming £1000 damages, for illegal arrest and ejpetment from the racecourse on the 6th instant. Undbb date the 6th instant the' Under Secretary for Mines reseired a telegram from the Acting Warden at Dundas (Mr. W. H. Angove). to the effect that a splendid fall of rain,.lasting some- 15 hours, bad visited those .parts, filling all the tanks and rock holes. ' Host Ingram, of the Prince, of. Wales hotel, Bunbury,. has. offered a Publican's Purse of 20 sovereigns to the local Race Club, provided certain conveniences are 1 carried, out on the course and a two days' meeting arranged. The. weather - m England is unusually severe. Heavy, snow has fallen in.London, and the ice. is sufficiently thick to permit of skating, being indulged m at Windsor. In "Yorkshire a tram has been snowed up, and the snow has-been very heavy in Scotland and other parts of Great Britain. The following names- have been added during the week to the list of. persons for whom unclaimed letters are nowlyingat the local post officeC. Atkin,. Jos. Broad wood, Dennis Bennett, E. Daniels, J. Henderson. G. Lilly, P. O'Neil, F.L. Sholby, [ ana. J,.Wood,. The member for this district, Mr. F. C.. Monger. M.L.A.,.loft on Thursday oil a visit to Coolgardie, arter which it is rumored he. intends proceeding to the Murchison gold fields. Ia: is rumored that a gentleman represent bag the- medical profession—Dr. Percy Johnson—wUl ehortly open hia practise in. this, township. Dr. Johnson .is a son of the Rev. Johnson, who some years ago fulfilled the duties of, Church of England pastor here. W. LiPmrr (of the firm of W. Lippcrt and Co,), who was the principal cause of the collapse of :the Union Bank of Cape Town four years ago. and has since absconded, baa. ibeen arrested at Cincinnati. A numbe- of charges of forgery are preferred against him, the ■ sum, involved amounting to £120,000. S Bush-fires have prevailed in this district* during the whole or the week, making the heat, very oppressive. On Thursday last some of the settlers on the Talbot were put about by a visitation from this destructive element. The residence of Mr. Pat Kinde lan suffered to a considerable extent, it being stated that a quantity of hay andieed was totally destroyed. A movement has been set on foot having for its objeot the erection of a memorial stono • to the memory of the late Harry Chipper,-who .recently succumbed to an attack, of typhoid contracted whilst at the Coolgardie goldfield. It is proposed to- erect the stono at Katenning^ and the Resident Magistrate will.be pleased to receive subscriptions. The half-yearlr meeting of shareholders of the Western Australian Rank was held, at r Perth on Wednesday morning lost, tliB 16th •instant; Sir George Shcnton (Chairman of Directors,) presided. The half-yearly report ja-nd balance elifeet were adopted -unanimously.. The directors in recognition of the services of the officers otthe Rank granted a bonus of 5 per eent on- their salaries. The usual dividend. of 17£ per cent was declared. Some, kangaroo dogs owned .by a resident of, fork have- been causing much damage, in a, flock of .sheep owned by Mr. Edward Parker,, and despastunng in a paddock- at Mutton Chop Springs, about two or three miles from thra township. About thirty of the sheep we** killed while others were greatly scared at the ■ ravages of the hounds. At Arnold , Park, an distance, of about 6 miles from town, the mme • dogs attacked a flock, in one of .the.paddocks,, the result being that three or four of the efaeep ' received; such severe injuries that, their, destruction, w&b-neeessaiy; to relieve them at? their sufferings. Police News.—At the Pdlice- Court on, Saturday last, before Mr. C. Edwards, J.P., a man named Michael Bseen was sentenced to one week's-imprisoninentyi without bard labor, / upon a charge of vagrancy. On Wednesday, before Mr. K. Edwards, J.P., a maD named, Thomas McEdy, charged with disorderly •' conduct at the, Imperial Hotel tho day previous, was fined 10/-, and cost6 6/-, or in , default 7 days' imprisonment. The.reserved,' decision in the case of P.C. Gover versta-W. T. Craig, for resisting the policy was delivered on the 7th instant. The case WM-dismisaed, without costs. The following appointments. have been made in the Educational Department: Henry Scott, tor. be, provisionally and - temporarily, head master of: York Boys' School, vice Waldon, resigned* John MeKie to be provisionally and tem porarily, head master of Southern Cross. School, vice Stephenson, resigned. G. F. Cooper, to be, provisionally and temporally' head masterof Pinjarrah School^ice McKie* transferred. L. H. Nicholls, B.A., to be! provisionally and temporarily, head master of Newcastle School, vice Cooper, trans ferred. H. K. Thomsett to be, provisionally and temporarily, assistant; at Eremantle Boys School, vice Nicholls, transferred. Tan-athletic display at the Oddfellows' Hall on Saturday evening last, conducted by Berry Pearce and P.- B. Ro-icliocsk, was only fairly attended. The programme comprised a num ber of interesting items, the wrestling perhaps between theBotwo champions forming the most.. 'attractive feature. The club swinging, heavy weight lifting, axe swinging, and various other ■performances, wore wonderful .feats of strength, and skill, and were much admired by those 'present. In the wrestling the contests were .very exciting, and it was not until aftera very: isevere. stvuggle that Pearce accomplished the task of beating his opponent Various styles ■were observed, and the proceedings throughout, were conducted in a very creditaole and. orderly manner. An intercolonial contemporary supplies an estimate of the Victorian wheat yield for i the season 1894-95. The total is 1/1.766,600', bushels, or a decrease of 218,500 bushels on ') 'the previous season. Reckoning' the food 'requirements for the year at6,490,000 bushels, ana seed at. I,092,7q0 bushels, the surplus ■ available for export is 6,183,750 bushels, or 165,645 tons. To this is to be added'about 35,000 tons brought over from the paBtyear, making a total of al o^t 200,000 tons which can be shipped during 1895. As, however, the total available at tho beginning of any year is rarely shipped during that year the actual exports may. be expected to reaoh a. total of 160,000 or 170,000 ions. The exports. for 1894 amount to .about 199,000 tons. SlNcnourlast issue we have.beep furnished; with further particulars concerning the case of cannibalism.amongst the blacks on the Murchison, the details of which are revolt-] lug in the extreme. Some. forty or fifty I miles from .the Nannine. is the spot, where. the horrible deed was committed," and one of the perpetrators, was for some time engaged at a local public-house, while; another has.served a sentence of imprison ment at Rottnest. The victim was a native, hoy m the employ of Mr. Canning, who was killed and afterwards roasted and eaten. The child was held by the feet and hands over the-fire until roasted, when he was quickly devoured. Some or the ringleaders are said to have been captured by the police and will shortly get an hearing before a local Justice. Save . " Woomera " in tlie Australasian :-. "■Here is a story about Coolgardie which may not be true,. but certainly ought to. be. A. party struck ic very rich, and one o£. their number was despatched to London with the specimens, upon the strength of which a company.was floated with a large capital, a fine sli?e of which went to the vendors. The legal manager telegraphed out to the man in charge, to start crusliing.at oncc. He. waited patiently for results, but i received no reply. Several times he wired to the same effect with no belter result. Then he sent a more urgent message, as follows —" Shareholders indignant that no report received from, you. Acknow ledge this, and commence crushing immediate ly." This elicited a reply, as follows : —'" Your wires duly received.. Cannot commence, crushing, till you send back the reefi" 