IN BRIEF. Premier Reid has returned* McCourts'a deficiency, £2557. * Dowling, an Irish political life-prisoner, ? 5b to be reloaded by tho British authorities. Proceedings will be commcuced dext vrcck in tho Equity Court agaiuet Payment of Mombore. The proposed visit of tho Duko and Duchess of York has again to bo post pond Same reason hinted at Popular weekly assemblies every Mon day evening at the Musical Institute, ^ Castlereagh-stTeet (near Park-street) Tho Postal Conference has como to the \- inclusion tbat tbo present time ie inoppor tune for Mr, Hezmiker Beaton's postal fad. At the Postal Conference on Thursday ? 'Ml Cook's isolation relating to tho em ployment of colored labor 011 mail- boats was carriod» Tkutb congratulates residents of Manly T on the election of Messrs, Neville Montague ? ?and Edward Towns to tho Manly Borough ?Council. Boborfc Strong has been eontenced to a hogging ot twenty lashes for assaulting Joseph Begarty, boatswain o£ the ship 'Wolverine, Isaac Phillips, an elderly man, is under ?remand on a charge of attempting to Jtmrdor hie wife with an axe at Spring Flat, noar Mudgce* , J , Tho Minister for 'Works has givou in-^ Jtructious.for tho preparation of an estimate ' ,o£ tho ooet of an electiio tramway to tho : Piold of Mars. ' i A caso of supposed suicide occurred at ^ .Xowcastle. Andrew Murray, an engine* river, who lived alone, was found yesterday 1 1 -n his hat with his threat cut. {'* On our Eeoond pago will bo found the advertised Sunday time-tables for tho Manly j' Steamboat services; viz., from Circular'' Quay to Manly, and Jjom. 'VVoolloomooloo-.^ to Manly. -fK- & . A schooner ;namect' Tho-! Xollio^bonnd v from Newcastle to Sydney, was foreod to,fc jut back Into tho formor port fltt Friday.'*1', The raging gale tore her sails to ribbons/ ? And she was practically disabled* ; : j By a fire, a resident ot Tamworth^uamed'- f jWilliam-Oooper, lost his residence on Fri- j day morning. Not a stick was saved, andi ' fOooper.and his wife had a narrow escape! ? |for;their Bves^The origin, : 0$ tbe fire is) ! iAinknoro. 4-.y, . ii The* jury* whjoh-3ia$ been ^deliberating^ ; Bcr the death -of tbe Chinaman lulled in a I ? ht at Hillflton# iJoallyagroed yesterday* \ / . They 'tetnrned the verdiot that Young Row 1 znet his death by a blow inflicted by fome , person unknown* 'While every othor country district, whioh I ' pretends to bo up to date, is boasting oi its ? lloodB, Biverlna oemes up with its Utfie lot ' of bush fires. Several Btations and selections , have been burnt out, and nearly 30,000 acroaof grass have been coneumedt ! Tom Rose, M.P., has been tolling hlscon ' stituents that tho increase of Eddy's salary is indescribable by bis limited vocabulary. Not only will ho voto against tho £4000, J-nt he will attempt to reduce tho screw to £2000* The latter amonat is amplo. During the lato stormy weather, tho beach terraces at Maclean totally dis appeared. Ttyj river rose tremendously, and the fascine -work, erected by tbe Go vernment to protect the b&nks;, was washed *' away, carrying large pieces of land with it } Under an arrangement recently authorised ^ by the Colonial Secretary the travelling expenses of the police are provided for 00 the following basis : — Superintendents, 15s a day; Inspectors and Sub-inspectors, 10s ; Sergeants, Cs ; and Senior-con6tables and constables, 5s. A KJama youngster, named Bright* fell off tbe Bornbo jetty on to some rocks. Though the lad fell bead first for some 40 ; feel, he is etill alive, bnt suffering from | coDcnsBlon of the brain. Tho Australian boy's head is gonerally .tho most invDlner | able part of bis anatomy. ' , An Italian fisherman named Kusso 1 Nofrio, loft NewcasUo for Sydney in his Bailing boat on Ifriday morning. An hour or so later a violent gust of wind struck bis boat and capsized her. The shore was throe miles diBtaul, and Nofrio struck out man' fully, llnally landing on McrowetUer bcacb in an exhausted condition. Vm iv. ?iHftmy.v - at Mudpoo bna ; ri^-f 'u I'trf.J nor 1. ?.x.'fj i.livr r;, 'if a^.y 'r:..,', I ?- V l'1' 'V, tliSl'C '.t; Z'o :? l ' r-.'-m ;i -!ct,0].ol;t.an r. 'ft.iy Ms'.jo.;. j Tho Mudgce farmors r.. . cunsidoring whether the much-boomed railway manage ment jo6tifioe that proposed extra ex pondituro of £1000 per annum, At 100 King-street; there is in existence a wine Bodega, which does credit to the city. All tbo best Australian wines are there in profusion, and lovers of tho beverage will find in lung-Btrcct one with whom tboy formed a pleasant acquaintance years ago. The best Mocha Colfec is a ! specialty, and the neat establishment with j its euppor rooms is suro to boom. [ Tho issue as to whether Glebe Inner 1 Ward is io have an alderman who will 1 work for tho ward, or one who^on't, will I be decided to-morrow. Mr. Ccorgo F. , Williamson is the representative of the ! Urst-named class, and judging bv the strong 1 local feeling in favor of new (riood in ihe 1 Council, and his undoubtod qualifications, ho should bo at tbe top of the poll to j morrow. | Mr. Harry Macnamara, junr., one of tho candidates for tho Forest Lodge AVard. of the Borough of tho Globe, addressed a large and influential meeting of ratepayers last Friday evening. Mr. Macnamara spoke at length on municipal reform, and was accorded a splendid reception and a unani mous voto of oonlideQco. Hie many eup porlers aro quite sanguine of their nun's success at the poll to-morrow. We boar that there is a probability of Mr. Benjamin Backhouse, tho well-known architect and Chairman of iho City of Sydney Improvement Board, being nomi nated to tile WajLer and Sewerage Board. Mr. Backhouse is eminently qu&liiled; for the position, as be has always taken a marked interest in the sewerage question, I and is the author of a pamphlet on Liernnr's Sewerage System based upon [ personal enquiry. [ The Central Police Oourt was again on I Saturday aOlicted by a heavy list. I ??Drunks,' ' langwidges,' and 'rioutous ' were the principal causes for such a good 1 attendance. They were disposed of by the ; imposition of small finos, John Robert Henderson was sent to gaol for fourteen ' days for being in possession of a coat ! reasonably supposed to bo some ono else's. 1 A couple of giddy young women, who had 1 bcoo adopting a loose code of morals, were also sent np to Biloela for a short period* A destructive tornado visited Peak Hill on Thursday evening. Tbe fierco wind unroofed several houses, including tbo Mayor's, while tbe stocks of several store keepers wcro damaged. Tbe rivalets caused by tho heavy rain flowed into the Proprie tary mine, which wae flooded, aod tho damage cannot be measured till pumping operations aro concluded. Mary O'Brien, an agod woman, was found dead in one of the slroctB after tho storm, and it is sup posed that she was drowned* Several horns were struck dead by lightning* 'For private and good reasons, sir,' pleaded fifteen-year-old John Knox Niven, ' I deserted my ship. I would rather have died than remain on board.' Niven was observed for some days to live on the morsels he got out of dust-boxes, and slept in waiting-rooms. He told the arresting officer that his life on board was a hell, and starvation was preferable. He was an educated young fellow with influential re- latives in England, and they had thrown him into the ship he had came out in, careless of the results to his future life. The benevolent Government of New South Wales has now, through Mr. Addison, S.M., sent him to the Sobraon. A diminutive boy named Joseph Vaughan, put in an appearance at the Central, on Saturday, charged with wandering about the streets. He seized the bars with his little hands and looked hard at Senior- Constable Rankin as he told the tale of the boy's woe. ' Jo' was an Arab from choice, and the officer found him sleeping on the Paramatta wharf, slumbering on a fruit- case, and not caring a jot for the whole world. His father informed the Bench that he could not keep the youngster in. Only ten years of age at the present time, he became a juvenile Bedouin two years ago, and enjoyed sleeping in the open air, to a bed in his home. 'Jo ' was sent to the Sobraon. Mr. Henry Pateson, ' manager of the ^.S.W. Fresh Food and Ice Company, has . returned from his European trip. He 4hinkfi that the batter trade ha* a great future before it, although he thinlm that jiriooB will h&Yo; to be lowered. He says | *,hat it wonld be advisable to iend batter - } to England, in bulk, as it would keep ? j hotter, and would not occupy so muoh 'i * 4pace» When it reached London it could | be . put into pounds there. Too much, ) * ^butter of tad quality was sent-io England ; 2-ut only ve^' gooi quality should be ex-v; - ported. The' pick of oui butter, Mr.| J )!Pateson considers, is the bsBt in London,' I [having the finest flavor. Mr» Pateso&is;, ; i-Lobkms abo^t tbe sucoois of tho shipping . 1 r of live cattle to England, as the riek is so. \ .ffgnat. For poultry, oheefle, bacon, and; ; .other prodope, Mr. Pateson thinks there is ^ good opening. ... * Ladies and Gentlemen, — Bemembec that to prevent a cold ie much better than to 'cure' and' by tusing the sanitary toilet xeqtdaibe^'Amykoef' aocordingto*thB«dvlce -m\he cireylai wsupedivon&d; the neck of ,«M& bottld, you wufnot done guard vonr self against a cold, but what a pleasant and refreshing taste Ajnykos has compared with Other preparations iu the market 1 On the Continent it Ss universally used by all who esteem cleanliness. Sold by all Chemists, eta, at Is 6d per bottle. 