DEAN'S MARSH. (rEOi: OTIS OTTS C0BEESP05DEST.) -Friday." - A floral service was held in' St. Paul's last Sunday afternoon. The church was beautifully decorated for the. occasion by the young people. The choir and Sunday school children, under the able tuition of Miss Smith,, renderedl 'appropriate anthems. At the close .. of the service a collection was taken up in aid of . the hospital. . . , Mr "William. Mdls had;a clearing out sale of horses, cattle,, sheep,- and sun dries last Wednesday. ,-.There was a large attendance of farmers from various parts of the district, but, owing to the duiness of the times, and the serious prospects of the seasou, biddings were not brisk and bnyers were few..- However, ; the • dairy herd averaged over £3 per head, whiist 'some of the best milkers realised £4. Mr Mills is removing- for a short time to ;New South .Wales, on the Upper Murray. In the meantime he has.leased his farm 'to Mr Geo. Higgins, of Pirron-Yallock. Whilst we are sorry to loose Mr Mills as a neighbor, we are; pleased, to, welcome our old friend Mr Higgins "back to tba district. . ,. AsMrE. Kinsella w'as .engaged? at the steani engine at Mr Rowland's, Murroon, he got his hand caught?in -some of the working gear, and narrowly, escaped a serious accident. . As rit". is, he.has .two bones broken on the back of. his hand and a few bruises. The day previous-Mr-"W, Prime had bis fiuger-_broken by a horse becoming restive-that .he - was shoeing.. The incessant dry weatherhas a telling effect ou tho grass and crops -in the dis trict. All the herbage. is getting quite scorched up.. The atmosphere lias,been; very smoky, for the la§t, few. days,.-and small fires have .broken out in.different; places. LastMonday a large ?bush;fire, was:raging furiously in, the.; ranges; at Barwon Downs,-near- the. homesteads .of Messrs Willings and M'Lennan,* and for two days -their hay. grass. and, outbuild", ings were in jeopardy. The anniversary tea and concert of the Barwon Downs B.C. Charch passed off very successfully last night: Much credit is due to the young ladies who decorated the -church so - ■ richly • with ferns and flowers of artistic designs. The'tea and edibles were'provided by several friends in tho district, and would do credit to any hater. The programme, which was prin cipally of local-talent, was highly appre-" ciated, one or two items demanding an encore, whilst a bouquet was received in a cohpleof instances. The following is the programme i Pelection, choir; prayer^ Bev.'Si'M. Jeffrey; -song, ■ Mr iieuith ""-When the pilot takes commaud" : chairman's address, whielir showed?.that during the pasty ear £5 was paid, off; the debt,,and-it balance of £l fis Id was-In hand ;song, Miss Prune,, ," The -bitter sweet" r recitation," Mr Borteous, - " Oh the line," ; song, "Mr Brown, ■. "Bonnie Eloise V; dialogue, Messrs Smith-and; Jeffrey; E.»;Perciyal-PrOetor's, project, song, Miss Ledgerwood,.-''- Au Bevoir " recitation, Mr At:"Fletcher;-song,,?Mis£ Primp; reading; Miss, Green•"Mark Twain's watch" ; song, - Mr Brown, " Can't change it 'dialogue, :HessrsF. and A." Fletcher? " On the dine,?'?; - song," Mr Smith, " The Englishman " ; recita tion, Mr Portepus,—" Xittle-"Lizzie " ; recitation,; Mr. A. -Fletcher, ■" The recog nition," Misses' Ledgerwood and Prime played the accompaniments. A compre hensive vote of thanks w-as carried with acclamation. A closing hymn from the choir, and the Benediction brought a most enjoyable meeting to a close. ' 