GOUL.BURN RIVER. A meeting of the parishioners of St. Matthew's Church, Mount Dangar, was held last ?'^Saturday to elect officers for the ensuing year, when the following gentlemen were elected. Mr. John Buchanan, jun., clergyman's warden t Mr. Geo. Simpson, people's warden ; Messrs. James Pibudy,. Frank Jenkins, and Chas. Kirk, committee; Mr. Josh. Myers, sexton ; Mr. Robert MoKenzie, organist. The accounts were duly audited, and show a credit balance of J!3 odd. Our bachelors' ball came off at the School of Arts on Friday night and, considering there was no moon and it was extremely cold, may be chronicled as a decided success, anyway those that were there should have enjoyed themselves; the floor is first class ; the music supplied by Mr. R. MoKenzie is a guarantee of its excellence, and each and every dancer most accomplished in the Terpsichorean art. The dresses were each and all most becoming, and wearers fair, young, and blooming, so that if all did not enjoy a most soul-stirring time it was their own fault. No rain -since our last; unless we get a good drop soon the land will have to remain idle, for unless the crops are in early they are subject to ru?t. We are in great danger from bushfires also, the grass being so very dry it burns like tinder. No stock moving, prices are so very low ; horses sent to market in first-class condition have come back — no sale, could not give them away. Where wer-« our members when the proposed Dubbo-Werris Creek railway was brought before the House ? They could not have had a better opportunity of advocating the Muswellbrook Cnssilis line. Anyway they could have shown the utter fallacy of the arguments brought forward by Mr. Morgan. They could have shown that the interest of the whole north-west would bu better served by being connected with the seaboard nt Newcastle than by the proposed line which has no recommendation but its national one, and then they sould have pointed out to the House fchat iu the face of prospective federation in the near fntnre the GovornmeHt of New South Wales has no right to lay such a heavy burden on the shoulders of the taxpayers for the purpose of making a military road between Queensland and Victoria that may never be^ required. Such work should be carried out — if ever — by federated Australia. The producers of the north-west must receive more benefit by the shortest communication with the seaboard, and equally, if not a better, agricultural country would be opened up by the Musvrellbrook- Cassilis line. Our members should have been there, and we looked anxiously for their names on the division list. One thing is certain: the interest of the North-west is neglected, or in the hands of men without foresight. The health of the district is good, only a few complaining of colds, which must be expected this time of year. April 29, 1895. 