WHAT IT MEANS. It may be doubted whether the full significance of a question asked in the Assembly, a few evenings ago,- has been apprehended by the average reader. Mr. McColl inquired whether, - iu view of the total failure of the crops over, a very large portion of the north- ern areas, the Government would place a sum of money on the estimates for the purchase of seed wheat for such of the farmers as would be unable to procure it for themselves. There was' no very definite reply. The Pre mier promised that information should be obtained, and gave the assurance that something should be done for the. .relief of cases of actual distress. ; But even if tbe result of the inquiries should be to show, that there are none in such very poor case as to 'be : unable to procure seed wheat, next season, for! themselves, the position is & serious .one— serious not only to a considerable section .of the later ; settlers,-- who. for years past have been struggling- against very great difficulties, but to the'cplbny as a whole. How serious it is, may, be estimated ' from the rumor which, has latterly gained, currency that: Minis ters, in view of. the, possibility of there, being! an, insufficient - supply- of- wheat; for. our own requiremeute, contemplate inviting the House .to'-" suspend -the operation of the import duties on wheat, and oats, and., that this extraordinary, ruinor should , be. considered to,. have sibout .it. such, a probable-substratum of truth, as to be mader .the subject of another- question, -sin'- the ; House: Amongst those, ; however,- who .liave given thought to. these ' premonitory ihdicatipns!qf the new trouble which is in . store for' us, and., as- to - which the only room,.for. doubt fappears to be as to the degree to which we shall hav.e to suffer .from - it,- there are not' many 'ivho-' have :iasfced; !' th'emselveskfwhat a. comparative"; harvest failure really means.'r Wh are'not at'all .'di'sp'osed'to meet trouble half way, but there is. no better, prelitninary agency towards the encountering of a difficulty, than to be prepared for it ; and-iu-this ca,se:" we shall derive some assistance to -this end by- looking at the results of harvests for some years back.- It. .is' -assumed that iu 1896 we shall have no wheat for export. What does, this mean1? Eleven years ago, :we sent- to : other countries, after supplying our own re-' quirements, wheat to the value of very nearly" a; million, and a half sterling. If the gold yield for the year Hacl. been 'arger than id was by ;3o0,PP0oz.,.-we should have readily understood how directly the actual wealth of the colon/ had been augmented ;- but . although the process was different, the! augmen tation was none the less certain by this large export of wheat. It deserves to be noted, by the . way; that in the particular year mentioned, we had the remarkable fact to contemplate that the actual value of the wheat sent away was really larger than the value of the gold.. There has been nothing of the kind since. - The nearest ap proach was four years .ago. In 1891 we were able to export wheat to the value of close upon a million, or some thing less than half the value of the gold. But we shall the more readily understand what the meaning- of hav ing no wheat for export really is by taking the value of our 'exports, not for one or two particular years, but. for a series of years.; Iu the twelve years immediately preceding 1894, the wheat exports alone were represented by an aggregate value of £6,484,850, accepting tlie Customs returns as the basis of valuation, and these latter, we need hardly say, do not err on the side of exaggeration. These are the figures which we must look ca,refully at if we desire to ascertain, with a reasonable approach' to accuracy, what a harvest failure really means. We have been having unpleasant experience ; of de pressed times, and of a, scarcity of money during the past few years. But what would have - been our condition if, during each of the past twelve years, there had been smaller returns by six millions and a half, obtained1 by the settlers on the land from one cereal alone, and with ' nothing, in; the shape of compensation from increases in other branches 1 We have : had much talk of the folly and.: the- danger of over production ; and the farmers have been admonished that the remedy fol low prices is to produce less, or to vary and extend their range of production. Not of their own will, they .are follow ing, this season, the first section of the advice. They will produce less. But will the reduction benefit. them ? There is not the" slightest hope that it will do so. Assdming that' for the present season wo shall have' ; no wheat for export, the colony, taking , the average for the past .twelve1 years,. will be , the poorer by something -over half a mil lion in this one item ! alone ; and the most unpleasant portion of the present outlook is that the/impoverishment is hardly likely to stop at ' this, since there is, at least, the contingency to be counted upon that we. shall have to rely fori sufficient- to ' 'satisfy our 6wn wants upon . imports. ' ; Nor must it be overlooked; that j this,; in rreaiity,vohy very 'pa,rtially explains, what, a harvest, failure means. - If;, we have been ex porting wheat. ,we, have also:been export ing ; flour. . , During : the twel ve yeai's we have been deaji tig with, we have sen t flour away ' tq i tho- total ' valiie ' of £4, 399,501;-' so" that a harvest in which the wheat1 crop is ; a- failure" may. vir tually b'e-'said tpieutail"a::lqss which is far nearer! to" : a/million'- than £0 tlie' more, /moderate "esti mate ; based . apdn the grain alone ;; and the real question to be .considered is whether failure is at all preventible. -Hn 'many parts of- the colony farmers might 7be made' comparatively ; Independent?, ; of the" rainfall by a system of, irrigation '.and- though if that: were generally carried out the beneficent effects of.- the sea sonable rainfall-would still be required for completely successful results, -a protracted drought would.be deprived of its more direful consequences. In the North and North-Wesfc, wherever irrigation has been brought into opera-: tion, great good has been done. Even during, the past week or two we have been reading of exceptional cases, where irrigated- crops have fStood. oat: - in- marked contrast to the surrouiiding failures, and the exceptions uiigbt'.be made the rule if the primary condition of a sufficient' water supply did not present a difficulty. Unfortunately, however, in the new wheat areas of the colony; irrigation can only be looked upon at present as something to be hoped for and waited for, instead of the prompt and reliable remedy that is wanted. - In point . of fact, remedies other than those of a speculative and theoretical character are not easily dis coverable. . It 'is because of this that, those who are so prompt with their warnings against over-production will perhaps find ready listeners during the next few months, where they .vould certainly not have done so in a more favorable season. There may.be wis dom in their .warnings. . But it is well- that we should understand what they mean.- We have endeavored to show that the anticipated failure of this year's harvest will probably result in our having no breadstuns: to export, and that the loss consequent thereupon will, hardly be less than a million!. Are we to understand that the remedy 1 fori this is to discontinue wheat groiying 1 to an extent which will permanently . deprive us of our exportable surplus, and by doing so diminish our ineome from this- branch of production by a million . a 'year ? ' '."We'::may .without hesitation; '.pii fc'/ the suggestioU-,;.aside', though .whilst; we are .doing so, Ave shall act prudently inj giving, heed,- to those others'a/which.wehave: hinted. 'What theiibad: harvest ivill meati is ! a very heavy loss' tp;: the Agricul tural Interest; in the first' instance,' interest , to sthe: colony as! a'whole.-but it roughV'tb mean that there an.inct- ense.of. euergy in" the, measures which, must be :taken.tb repair! the loss; and to nii nimise .as far ais ' may: be; the . 'danger of 1 its 1 recurrence. ,' : ' Whoroult.— Our ; cortosppndont .'supr plies' us - witlr infofrriatipn pf.iV.clisastrd.us fire which; '.'occurred ''pn'undity afternoon about: 4" o'clock, . by .which' the buildings in- conhfeetibn witli Mri Joseph. Wc A'aters hop-kiln " were .distroyed. ' ibout that time 'smoke ' was seen issuing from -tlie upper "story ' by two' . young ,meiq ivlip at once hastened to procure water, hut their assistance came too late. ' ' ill the imple ments used iii connection witli . 'the in dustry were destroyed, bjit' a dray, spring cai-t, etc./ were saved' from' the' flames. As far as' lias' beeii ascertained the pro- .perty was not insured. , ' Universal syin- .pathy - is felt for the'loss suffered by vlr. vlc;Vatcrs,; wlio was ; absent at Evei-ton u-rarigirig . with Mr/ vlasbii' for the .water- iiig "of1 his crops ' by' the datter's .'eiigiiie. The! origin .of the fire ha.s not'been defi: nitely,: ascerti-iihed,. but ' it" is believed that -some of the1 children had been playing 'witlr -matches/ and inadverteiitty caused the disaster. ' ' ff:. so)' it furnishes a sttoiig caution to pareiits to carefully keep' tliese dangerous 'playthings. ' out ; of reach of the juvenile- niemliers" of the fahiily'.-r/ v curious experience with the snake 'specieb was' met with by Mr. .faines F. >ixbh, wliose attentipn was called to his hack door by one' of his Children, when lie beheld the remarkable spectacle of a broivn- snake about 6 "feet long .busily engaged in the oaniiibalistio feat of swallowing one of its own kind between 3 liwl ,4 feet long. Mr. Dixoil despatched the two' before the process of deglutition was. complete, and the strange circum stance, which, though rare is not without precedent, ' attracted a great number of 'curious visitors from the neighborhood. Gen-eual Bootii. and -the Salvation Y it m v. —I eneral Booth's great revivalist campaign was continued oh Sunday at the -xhibition Building, Melbourne,; whore enormous audiences assembled at , 1 1 o'clock, 3 o'clock, -.and 7 o'clock. Although lie confessed to feeling rather tired after the great physical strain consequent 011 attending and speaking at fifteen large meetings .during. the past seven days, the j eneral delivered one of his characteristi cally impassioned addresses at each of the £itherings, and numbers of . penitents nade their way to the penitent form in response to his appeals. Commissioner >oombs, ColoneLs Bollard and f.awley, and Major Malan assisted in leading the prayers and hymns, and the frequent ecstatic interjections of different members of the audience showed that the conduc tors of the meetings had achieved their object and succeeded in working upon the religious emotions of a largo proportion of those who were present. vt each of the gatherings the audience was largely com posed of Salvationists, but '.lenor.-il Booth announced that on Wednesday evening a special meeting .will be held for the bene - .it- of "spiritual outcasts who are not in che habit of attending any place of wor ship, and who are invited to attend whether 'drunk pr sober." is tlie General shrewdly remarked to his audience when inviting them to hold out a helping hand to the spiritual outcasts whether drunk or sober, " You will readily understand what sort of a meeting it is likely to be." General -sooth addressed a big meeting iii the Melbourne Town Hall- on Monday morning. His address was a stirring one, full of quaint sayings and- fervent appeals. " -Sin," saicl lie atone point, "shrivels up people's hearts so that God Imighty has to leave tliem because He can't get room to turn round, inside ! " The Sale Tragedy.— Mrs. Short lias so far recovered as to sit up. She states that after Mr. Short fired the first shot at her she did not get up, but spoke to him. -Ie then fired a second shot, and with fear she kept still. He hesitated a mo ment, evidently to: see if she was dead, then laid . down on the bed and shot him self. Mie "then gob : up, went round the bed and' felt his heart to see if he was dead, and finding that lie was went out of the room. , .'- . Wills and Estates:. — The will; of. the late J aiiies Willis, of South Wangaratta, farmer, has. been lodged for probate. Tlie testator died: on the 2nd October, 1895, and the' will is dated lLth June, 1895. The property in tlie estate is valued at £3167, of which £2772 is. realty and £395 personalty. The testator bequeathed £50 to the parochial fund of the Church of England at Wangaratta ; £10 to tlie llev. ,'phii Kay Hall ; £20 to the Presbyterian Iiui-cli, Wangaratta ; £20 to the WCs- leyau Church, Wangaratta ; and £20 to the iVangaratta' .Hospital.; The residue of the property is left to the . children of the testator's late sister, Maria . lodcter, in equal proportions. . ' Robbing a, 'Sleeping. Man. --.lames' button, a laborer, residing; at . Bi-inces- street,. Port Melbourne,1 became- intoxi cated early on .Sunday morning. : Ho met a man and .woman who drank more liquor with him,- and finaUy.at their suggestion lie lay .down ; to.sleep. amongst spine cargo on" the wharf. "When lie awoke liis.silver watch, and chain and all .his money were gone. : ' Coruyono.— The "weather hei-.e./has been; fearfully, dry, and; up to the. present the rainfall in the. year as compared .with' the :same period . of lS'JL.isYin. behind, and) 5iu.;. behiiitL/tlic .avenige for the last'. ;I5b years.' . , The icrops. here, however, are all /excelleutV ones,, notwithstanding, . and locally 'the! coming. harvest: will be a good' pjie. .,i.liis;.,is :due tp:-the nature of thb ground/which retains .moisture splOndidly. fl-yiney . ljuyersr.liaye.A been iqi during tlie iVeelc.- purchiisiiig , cattle, jjrhicli -Jiave . fat-: tened . moreji-eadily, this year on tlie ;riyer flats .."pjyijpg/to' ;th'e grass -having inore sub/ stance/and not.being'se -watery,; a-. fact due, toie'idryTOather/;-/'/ /k 1 . .' elegtkic.., Works . D bstro yed - by Fire.; —A' fire Jhiis occurred at. Crpmpton aud . Co. 's-. electric light , works : at Uhelmsfbrd, in Essex,' by/ which. danuige_:;tp|the; extent, of £100,060 was)dphe. TOi/iirixa'-iiuivri 'iii i'-' / He'ivy SroitJi. — Che postmasteiNat : Eucla, est Australia, advises Hiatja1 very; lieavy thunderetprm av<«.. experiencedtoh theMine, w.6sb;o£;tteKte/Bay 'all" Saturilay, afternoon, and that since 6.30 p.m. .lie hiis' been unable) ito'vget 1 any -station. 'beyond him: 1111 ; '--''"/gv j. . Religion an b-edbo atio'n; in RossuZ r Advices from Sfci Petersburg' report 'that tlie Czar .Nicholas is doing1 all5 in ' his power to mitigate the' religious'bigotry.of the Russian officials: '. His 'iMajesty is in sisting that they shall co-'operato with him in prompting tlie education of the masses1 , The Bishop of Melbourne's Visit. — In connection with the visit of the Bishop to Beechwortli, we would remiud mem bers of the Church of England and the public generally, that His Lordship will administer ' the rite of confirmation on Wednesday (to-morrow) afternoon at 3 o'clock, and will attend the conversazione at the Town Hall on the same evening at 8 o'clock. when addresses will be de livered and an attractive programme of vocal and instrumental selections will be presented. Tin-. Weather. — Reports from all parts of Victoria and the adjacent colonies con firm the' continuance of dry weather, with a manifest increase of temperature. In Beechworth 011 aturday and Sunday the thermometer ranged up to 9udeg. in the shade, but tliis lias, been exceeded in less elevated localities. At Albury on Sunday the lieat in tlie shade reached lOOdeg., the highest this season; increased no doubt by numerous busli- fires the ;smoke from which obscured- the neighboring hills.. 1 At Ade laide oil5 tlie same day 103deg. were regis tered at the 'observatory in the "shade and 157deg.fin-'bUe sun. A-;thunderstorm was reported at" Israelite iifiyv " Beridigo ani Castlemaine "report similar excessive heat with 'extensive bush- fires,; The drily varia- tiori'is from Burketowiiyiri the'- north' of Queerislandj : which - was ' visited ; with , ri thunderstorm with 76 points of rain. Mr. BaraCclii, -the Victorian Jioveniment as tronomer,1 gives some slight comfort witli fa foi-ecast of easterly 1 winds, changing to north, with unsettled weather.- Lightning liasbeen J visible around 'Beechworth the List ; lew evenings;' Indicating-' a probable change, " a consummatipu devoutly to be wished?' by suffering humanity. j : A- N e a- , jVl a n u f a cto a v, — A M elbour ne biscuit' and jam making firni intends opening large manufacturing premises' at Ibiu-y at the beginning of - next month. Machinery: is being lirought for the piir-: pose. It; is expected that the saving of; freight from either V Melbourne or -ydney will give tlie factory' control of the River-! ina trade.- : ' ' ; \ I jl-jauoitous for VVater TrustsI— Hither to it lias been tlie practice to appoint out: side auditors to. examine the books arid certify to. the accounts of water trusts, but tive- ilinistei of Water -upply does riot see any reason for continuing that course." He has "arranged for the performance ' of this .work by the inspectors appointed under the Audit Act as a step in tlie direction' of ecpnomy. N umerous applications are being received for appointment as auditors, aric. the usual influence -is' being bro right to bear 011 the Winister ;-'but in" view of the 'new-; arrangement' ;no\v: made all this is mere waste of energy. ' \- Serious Cuakg-V 'AGMNST A ' LeqAii Manager. -r A" climax liiis been reached iq regard to the affaiis of the Rothschild 'ompany, Ballarat-. Following upon the recent re-organisation of .the ' board? of directors, Messrs. Lambert and S. - Walker, were appointed to iqake a speqial aijdit.of the company's books/with a view to ascertaining how far reports of an alleged; over-issue of shares is justified. The audit is not yet coiiiplet-ed, but a progress re port was iiresented ' to the directors .011 Saturday morning, which puts the case ill a very serious light. The most damaging statement made by the auditors is tp'tlie effect that instead of only 20, 000 shares there are 32,450 shares in circulation, ifter considering the jiosition, the direc tors, acting upon counsel's advice, decided to suspend Mr. Charles Wilson, the legal manager, pending a full investigation as to the alleged irregularities in tlie share list. I'he matter will be made the subject of a special meeting of shareholders sit an early date, and in the meantime Mr. A. J. Peacock, .M.L. a., is to act as manager. 1 Mining at Cdrryong, — Several crush- iiigs hsive been put through the Towong battery, including a parcel of 9 tons of stone from dpqrant and Chaffer's claim at Jirigpllari which yielded 39ioz., , the reef being 2ft. wide. A crushing of 6 tons from Clark -.and party's claim" 'at I'o wong g.-ive a yield of 4oz. The old reef sit riioiigla Creek, known as the Big -Ben,' which is. Din . wide, is being worked by a new. party. I'he old party could riot make it pay owing to the small return from the stone, but tliey had only sunk 011 the reef a distance of 20ffc. The new party have put the shaft down to a depth of between 50ft. and 00ft,, and at this depth the stone has so much improved that the gold is visible in the stone, whereas nearer the surface no gold could be soen in it. A trial crushing will be inade this week. A few of the miners liavo left here for the Toolong field and Kiandra. Good alluvial gold is being obtained at the former place, whilst several good reefs have been found at Kiandra. . y:>nev Iycling Carnival.— The con clusion of the series of contests under the auspices of the League of Wheelmen was held at Sydney on Saturday last, and was attended by fully 30,0 )0 spectators, the sports being honored by the first appear ance in public of the new governor, Lord ainpdon, and the vice-regal suite. Tlie public, however, were doomed to suffer a disappointment in the Five .Miles Cham pionship, us there was 110 real contest be tween Zimmerman and the Victorian champion. Zimmerman, on account of ill-health, had been forbidden by liis doc tor to appear at all. He, however, did so) but Parsons forced the pace from the start, and after completing two laps rather slowly Zimmerman retired, Megson, who was also not in good form, following his example after traversing about half the distance. Parsons found .a determined rival in Lewis, whom he finally defeated by a" dozen yards. I'lie other races were aH'close and exciting, but, unfortunately, there wore several accidents, the only serious one being to Bell, of Goulburn, who had to be removed to a surgery. 1 lie -Second Class Handicap, one mile, £10, £2, £1, was won, by 16 yards; by.T. P. Johnson, with JL Matterson second; and F. Mears, a few inches away, ) third; The Leagu.e. Cup, half a mile, £20, .£5, £1, was -won by Poole (Victoria),- with a couple of lengths to spare, Moore second and Hawkins third. I'lie Metropolitan Handicap, one mile, £109, £15, £5, re sulted as follows":— G. Vleadham 1, J. Mc nues 2, \Y. Martin (America) 3, E Payne 4, with a very close finish, not more than a yard , separating . tlie four. I'he Open Handicap, three miles, . £10, £3, £1, .. was won by! G/ A. Meadham, with N. Matterseri second, C. R. Chap man third, and A. Graeme fourth. The Championship of New South AValos, . as. stated above, was . won by Parsons, . with Lewis second and Tredale (Victoria) third. I'he prizes were presented the sairie even ing at Qu'ong. . Tart's, .when)., about : 200 wheelmen, .were present, ..among ..whom was Zimmernian, . who, - according , to a doctor's . certificate,., was) suffering- froiri lnalarical fever: contracted- at Colonibd. Zimriie'rman received £40 ari'd ":'a medal'. fori) .the Half- M ile Championship, ' arid - Pari- 'son's £50. arid a riiedal for the, Five - Milea Champiorisliip. ) A cheque for £100 /iviis presented to Zinimerriian in recognition of liis merits arid his share in the . success of the .meeting: Hawkins got £97 for) the wheel nice and other items ; Meadham £107, 10s, .for 'tlie Meti-opoliton and .Tln'ee' .Ma6;Hripdida5';.').,lavtin received £25 for his bi-niiarit riding ln tlie Metropolitan, and fSw presented to): Porta,) who broke liis iii-m while training; Zimmer man, iri. r.pturnirig )thanks/ said he' had' ;6een'. ) fo?-) sdypn i'y&us; :r inVidhSerent" .countries', arid .never -before. "experienced sricli , generous treatnierit. . The , carnival has ' resulted in a splendid /financial sue-" cess, for .the leiiguc.; , ; ; iqujecnonable Newspapers. Mr. Parkinson, tlie s"upeHriterideiit.-.of rife Ballamit; . has received /instruc tions from the Chief ommissiorier . to $ ;Skopkeepers. and' others belling ceyUim .objectionable,' newspapers that if /Jtactice be eon tin tied , the .ven dors will Ptocritedj and) it is - probable that by the Police i 'epartnierit to prohibit tlie sale of per- 6';?f9ri3-ffil;®|tatoro, - which may now be seen .9i'?ly,3i4phiyea .01 aiijr . ilelbourne book staff and at ,fciie same time to suppress the publication of two journals which are printed; in. Melbourne, and which have bepn tlie- subjects of strong criticism in religious -and kindred circles for some time past: ) ... Successful - Musical - Students..— Among the successful candidates at the Ylusical Examination in connection with Trinity College, London, held in Mel bourne last June, we are pleased to notice the names of Miss Rosalie Dodd, Miss Daisy Cleary and Miss Katie McOormack from the Brigidine Convent, Beechworth. Buggy Accident, Wangaratta.— On Saturday midday Mr. Tutty's buggy and' M r. G. Watson's grocer's cart were stand ing in front of - 1 r. Watson's in Murphy- street, angaratta, when a horse owned by r. Newton bolted down the street. 1 he horse tried to pass between the buggy and cart, but there not being sufficient- room he attempted to .jump over the hind wheel of the buggy, but not leaping high I enough his breast caught against the ' wheel and capsized the buggy, which also brought down the horse in the shafts. J Luckily, there was no one in the buggy at 1 the time. .Mr. T. Laidler who was near 1 held down the fallen horse's head whilst 1 the harness was disconnected, the horse was then allowed to rise and was found to be uninjured. The buggy was very much knocked about, one of the shafts being broken, the splash board also broken, and tlie back axle was very much bent. Vlr. Watson's cart horse also got very frightened and attempted to bolt, but the wheels were strapped and before the horse had got far he was caught and pulled up, both horse and cart very luckily escaped injury. There were a number of vehicles in the street at the time of the accident, and but for tlie pre sence of mind of those who were present a. series of. iriisliaps bright have occunred. Mb. Mansfield's Visit.— We have been requested', to state that Mr. Mansfield, dentist,) will) pay his usual professional visit' to Beechworth to-inorrow ( vednes- day))' and may be consulted at Messrs. Gammon and Taylor's, Ford-street. : . Albury) and v'odonoa Horse Sale. — The first horse sales of the present season will be hold at \lbury and Wodonga on Wednesday, 'i hursday and Friday, 27th, 28th and 29th inst., by Messrs. «Jhas. L. Griffith and Co. in conjunction with Messrs. J, G. Shields and )o. On the first day the auctioneers will operate at the Corporation Yards, lbpry, on the other two days at the yards lately occupied by. . Messrs.' Dangharty and Parker, Wodonga; '"hose desirous of sending horses to tliese important. sales are re quested to" make their' entries as early as possible prior to the dates announced; \- Drunk)- At the Wangaratta Police Courb ori Monday, a. middle- aged sivag- inan' itam'ed AEchael 'Burris.'was brought up before .Mr;'C. L. ' Dobbin, P.M., qn4 charged with i)eiqg cbunk and, ditorderly: Tlie charge : was' 'proved by Constable Cprry, ivhp stated, that )accused was. in a nioriy mood .'on Saturday. ) night nca.r the Salvation Army meeting)' ) The'..Benoli inflicted' a fine pf ls.' qr one lio.qr's im-: prisoninent, aq t.he accused '.hacl been in the lock-uip sinoe -aturday night. ' ; , A Threaten bd Suicidh. —Frnest 8imp: son) who) disappeared , frOm- Wangaratta early this month, lias been found in the .Omoq. Hospital. .Simpson! was enamored of fl young lady/but her guardian refused) permission for .Iiirn' to pay his addresses.! This he took so riiuch ' tp heart that he wrote .to, his, friends stating that liis body would be found in the < )vens River); and tptlie gjrl he ..vvi-ote, saying. That he had bought a. revolver and would shoot him-; self. ; He then disappeared): and no trace' of him could be found. Early last week a man . giving the liame : of .Seabrook applied for admission to the Omeo l'osfutal, and finding' liim. suffering froiriV peritonitis Dr. Fpntpn placed liiiq in a ward. Sub- sequentiy cei-tain circuinstanQes aroused the suspicion of tljo dootor, . . who ..was acquainted with the story of Simpson's disappearance. , He therefore . coriimuni-! catecl with the : police, who obtained a photograph of Simpson, arid then /had' no difficulty in identifying Seabrook as the same man'.-. The man is not seriously, ill,' and will be discharged from the hospital before long. The Weather and Crops.— Oppressive weather lias prevailed for the past , three days, arid the heat at Albury,- on Sunday,' in the shade , was 100. deg., being . tlie warmest experienced this summer. ../Thq heat had been 'increased by bush fires at Mahonga and 011 the CJpper Murray, .and the smoke is so dense that tlie surround ing hills are almost obscured, .Tlie. fire at Malionga ljas destrpped a thousand acres of grass and miles of fencing.. So. far lis can be learned 110 crops have been burnt,! buttlic farriiers lire much alarihed . at the rapid spread of the fire., and are taking precautions by making, breaks. /The fire is travelling in a north- easterly direction and will most probably, reach" Urangeline and Wallaridool stations. Unless checked there It will extend to the large., farming district round Renty, unyabla, and Yerong Creek, which for three years past lias been visited by disastrous fires, having their origin 011 .viahoriga and Brookong; 1 lie fire on the Upper vi urray is in the neigliboufhood of Wagni, but so far .is confined to the hills, where there is nothing hut scrub. The loss of the, grass this year will be most seriously felt. ; A Publican Cuts His Throat.— Hugli Kelly, owner and licensee of the Lucknow Hotel, Bairnsdale, committed suicide on Saturday morning." He was known to be very melancholy/ for some days past, and liis friends . were watching him day and niglit lest he should destroy himself. Pre- parations were being made to have him confined iri a private lunatic asylum, but ori Saturday morning lie eluded tlie watcher and, going down town, purchased a razor, with which lie ca t his throat from 'ear to ear. He died in less' than an hour. De ceased was a young riiau, unmamed. He was worth some thousands of -pounds, a fortune' haying been bequeathed) to . him some time ago. His rash act is thought to be the result of" his ' mind becoming"' de ranged through want of occupation./ ." The Fire Fiend at Chicago i'giin; — ' A great fire has occurred iri the city) of Chicago. Notwithstanding .the splendid ' appliances now, possessed by the fire brigades, and the great;' vigilance which lias been maintained ) by the authorities ever since the destruction . of the great city, by fire in 1871, . the. conflagration spread over a large area. The premises of. nineteen large .business firms were destroyed by the flames. The dariiage is computed at over one million dollars. Protective Duty on Hops Rkquesibd. —The dealers in hops waited on the Prime Minister on Friday, and asked that a.protective' duty should be imposed 'on hops. Lord Salisbury declined to enter tain the request. ) - . Ovens) and Murray Dairy Company. —A special meefciug of the directors of the above company was held at Springliurst on , Wednesday for the purpose of ap pointing a1 general- manager of the com pany. - Present : Messrs. McKint-y (in the chair),' 1 Simpson, vVighton, AlcPher- sori, and Dunne;' Mr/Simpson : Before dealing with the applications I would like to. hear the position of the new manager defined: Is he to "boss" the directors as well as the secretary and the other employees? Mr. McPherson: He is to have full control and make the business Pay _ ' here were 38 applications for the appointment, ) some of whom had first- class testimonials. The directors selected four from whom to choose, in the follow ing order: Mr. Graham, Colac ; Mr. H utchinson, Coleraine ; Mr. Mackrell Mansfield ; .Mr. Bean, Baddaginnie. The one who could take charge earliest is to be selected. The secretary wired to the different applicants, but the replies did not arrive before the directors dispersed. Ah error occurred in the report of the last meeting in which it was stated that r: VTighton had had a disagreeable task cleaning the refrigerator. It should have been refrigerating room— Mr. Olsen cleaned and painted the refrigerator. In our report it was also stated that several butter trays made by Messrs. Brigden and Lewry were condemned for rough workmanship. As that report might convey a wrong impression the contractors wish it explained that the trays, although rough, were made according to specifica tions, and were not condemned. 1 heir account, was passed without demur, and they received no complaint that they had failed to fulfil their coabract. — ' ' Ohroniole. " Serious . Illn ess. — -The-friends-of;Mr. James Cunningham,, of. Beechworth, will learri - with regret and sympathy that his brother, Mr. R. L. Cunningham, who in former years was connected) with' him in business)' is now lying itt 'a very precarious condition- from a serious illness in Sydney, where he has for some years been occu pied in mercantile ' business. It is to/be hoped That ' his condition is riot so critical as has been represented; and. that a short retirement' from active service will .re habilitate his constitution. ' ' Beechworth assizes. — The sittings! of the Supreme Court in it criminal juris diction will be held at Beechworth to-day / . uesday), and will be presided over by : tiis Honor Mr. Justice 'illiams. There i ire only two prisoners awaiting trial— : Henry Oxenham charged with cariially knowing a girl under- the age of 16, com mitted from Bright, aud Mrs, Ah Moy charged with robbery "from the person, committed from Yarrawonga. The Tallangatta Fire.— Subsequent to the destructive fire reported in a recent issue, we are pleased to learn by a com munication from- the Imperial 'Fire Office to Mr. R. Warren, who owns an adjoining building, which was with some difficulty saved from destruction, that the company intend to recompense those who : were employed by their . allangatta agent in so successfully preventing the spread of the fire to his property. This exhibits a praiseworthy appreciation of the exertions of those concerned, and should prove an incentive to others in similar emergen cies. Haymaking at Whoboult, — Our correspondent writes that haymaking has started at Whorouly, and there are some very fair crops; but the grass is going away very fast, the weather being very hot with 110 sign of rain as yet. Farmers at whorouly are looking forward to a severe winter, and the cattle will be very poor. The English M/ail.-The Orient Com pany's Royal mail steamer Orizaba, with the English mails to October 25, arrived at Albany on Saturday. She should reach Adelaide to-day (Tuesday), but the mails, are not likely to be delivered in 61 el- bourne before Thursday morning. Westralian News. — Information has just reached us of tlie encouraging suc cess attending the prospecting expedition to the M cstern ll.l Dorado by .VI essrs. Frank Weetman and George Thompson, on behalf of a syndicate organised in Beechworth, the inception of which is due to Mr. R. Warren, jun., and of which Mr. »V. HZ. Keast is hon. secre tary, The news received is to the effect that subsequent to a favorable prospect which they obtained a few weeks since tliey have disposed of their interest for a satisfactory amount in cash. This will give a decent dividend to each member, arid oncourage the prospectors to still further exertions in the interests of the syndicate. Of the many similar associa tions organised in Beechworth, this was the last to start, and curiously enough the first to make any substantial return. Change of Prdprietorsoi.- - -a c have already referred to the transfer of the ' ' Upper Murray and Mitta Herald, " by. which Mr. James Law, who occupied a responsible positiori on' the staff, of that journal for upwards of ten years, has now become the proprietor. The district1 press is unanimous in . its eulogistic or compli mentary notices, arid tho! " Wodonga Sen tinel" thus comments Although Mr./ Law only now becomes the proprietor) his name and that of our Tallangatta contcni-' porary 1 have' always been synonymous, and, under his editorship, the paper has risen' to a most honorable positiori amongst the provincial press. Speaking from art acquaintanceship ' ,'extendiiig over twenty years, we) Have rio doub't that the. ability' and integrity of the. new1 proprietor) will ensure, for him' every success in liis busi ness : undertaking." The "Torrypng Courier" also'adds its congratulations, ' arid rather caustically inquires as1 to whether1 Mr. Law .would prefer to be editor and draw a regular salary, or be: the proprietor and' stan/d ' the' 'risks incidental to jour-: rialistic irivestiiient. 1 ' Good Prices for Australian Butter. —The - London market for Australian butter continues to be good. The' Ade laide butter brought to Eri'gland by the s. s. : Orniuz has' been sold at 109s. per cwt. Mrs. Kbelby, a Veteran Actress, at the Lyceum.— At the' Lyceurii . Hieiiti-e, London/a performance was giveri for the benefit of Mrs. Keeley, the veteran act ress, who has just completed her OOtli year:; The ) venerable lady appeared on the stage, "and had a most enthusiastic reception. Mrs. Keeley is the widow of Mr. Robert Keeley," the popular cPmediari) who died iri 1869. She . first appeared in Londori at the Lyceum 70 years ago, and has long been regarded a/s the oldest liv ing' represeritative of the drama. The Drought.— Some idea of the drought which has prevailed for so long is obtained from the statistics compiled by _ the Assistant Government Statist ivhich appeared in last week's " Govern- irient Gazette." During October rain fell on eight days, the amount of rainfall being ionly ' 0.57 inches. The average rainfall in October during the previous ten years was 2.76 inches, or nearly five times' as much as in the month under notice. During the first ten months of the current year the rainfall was only 14:62 inches, as compared with an average of 20.3 inches. Two Men Terribly Injured by a Mining Accident. — A very serious acci dent happened on Saturday afternoon at the Confidence Extended mine, Beridigo. I wo miners named John Matthews, a married mau, 29 years of age, and John Foote were at work in the 1450 feet north level, and were charging a hole with Nobel's gelatine. v|atthews was putting the charges in, arid Foote was on his knees near by. Suddenly the charge exploded, and-' both' men were terribly injured. Matthews received the full force of the explosion in his face, while Foote received the 'force on' his back. They were both rendered unconscious. Foote came to firsthand saw his mate lying prostrate. Despite the fact that his entrails were protruding through a great hole in his back, he managed to crawl to the shaft, get into the cage, and signal to be hauled up. When he got to the top all he could do was gasp out something about his mate. Both men were taken to the hospital. Matthews suftered from a compound frac ture of tlie skull. His left eye was blown .out and the bones of liis face were frac tured ; "his upper lip was cut through, his right elbow shattered, and his arms were burnt. J ohn Foote sustained a compound fracture of the skull, a fracture of the ribs, penetration of liis lungs and the great gash in his back. He was also suffering greatly from shock, but rallied well. The operation of trephining was performed on both men, and they, are doing as well as can be expected. Mining at Ruthkrglbn. — At the Prentice Freehold the wash being turned out from the north off east drive continues payable. The west drive from the No. 12 shoot in the east has been stopped, the wash having risen over the back, and No. 13 shoot is just being started. At the Great Northern Exteuded Oonsols some delay is being experienced in shaft sinking. The Southern No. 1 is pushing ahead satisfactorily., They have now sunk below the plunger chamber, have got the shaft brought into its regular size, and they are sinking with all speed, At the Great Southern the water is still the same, viz., 321b. per square inch, and the pumps are going at about 9 strokes per minute. They have uot yet cut the reef in the bottom level. The Chiltern Valley have again resumed work after a spell of four weeks for tha purpose of connecting the new washing and elevating plant, i'his is working very satisfac torily, and is effecting a great saving of labour, and the results are much improved At the Chiltern Valley and Great South ern United the site for the shaft has been selected, and arrangements are bein< made for the erection of machinery. At the North Prentice there are, two faces in the wash, which is showing an improve ment in quality. As soon.as the alterations to the puddling-muchiaes are made opera tioos will be carried 6o vigorously. -jCyclino.— Two members of the Beech worth Cycling ' Jub (Messrs. Durham McLeod) proceeded last week on their metallic steeds to Albury, where they received a ' hearty welcome) from Mr. J, Scanlon and some ' members of the local club.- The visitors speak highly of the generous hospitality they experienced, and the attention shown them in conducting them over the various institutions and to the principal points of interest, a kind ness which they may rest assured will meet with reciprocal treatment when the opportunity offers. Various matters in connection with forthcoming events were discussed, and ltwassuggested, amdngother matters, that "roadsters" only should be allowed in the secorid race on the pro gramme for the Boxing Day Caanival. Sale of Land at. Oxley. — Messrs Doig and Vallerider announce that at Gardner's hotel, ililawa, on Friday next, they will submit to auction two' freeholds in the parish of Oxley. One is of forty acres, the other of 70 acres, both) the pro perty .of Mr. «. Ward, well fenced, cleared arid adequately supplied with water. Mr. Speight and the "Age".— Mr. Richard Speight is not yet prepared to state definitely whether he will appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Full Court in the case of Speight v. tyme. The ex-Chairman of the Railway Commissioners says that he has a month to make up his mind, and he will not announce his decision till the last mo ment. Receipts of Gold at the Mint. Up to the end of last month the receipts of gold at the Melbourne Mint amounted to 943,730oz. It now requires six figures to express the quantity, as the receipts arc over a million ounces, This is more than a golden legend, it is a golden truth. A Peechelba Horse at the Kyneton Show.— We' are pleased to note that Messrs. Moroney Bros., of Middle Creek, Peechelba, were successful in winning first prize for thoroughbred stallion with Young Highlander at Kyneton show. Young Highlander was bred by Messrs. Moroney,. and his win in the Kyneton show ring proves that he has some merit. P. and O. Company Declares a Divi dend. — The Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company has declared a dividend on its deferred payment shares at the rate of 6£ per cent. Fire at Warraoul. — At 19 o'clock on Sunday night the dwelling house of Mr.; Charles Giddens,. farmer, residing near YVarragul, together with the whole of liis household furniture and effects, were completely destroyed by fire. His wife and four children who were asleep at the time, were nearly suffocated before they escaped froiri the burning building in their night dresses. The fire, the origin of which is unknown, originated in the dining-room. The house was insured for £100 and the furniture for £50 in the Atlas : Insurance Company, but the esti mated loss is over £300. Antifkrmbntine. — Messrs. R. Taylor and Co. announce by advertisement that they, are agents in Beechwortli for this new preparation, for which it is claimed that it is the most economical and the only sure way of preserving fruit, so that it shall lose neither flavor nor color, and keep for any length of time. B EF.CH WORTH ANNUAL LICENSING COURT. — The annual Licerising Court will sit at Beechworth on the 4th proximo. Hotel- keepers and others applyiug for renewals are remirided that tliey must send in their old licences to Mr. Macnamara, the Clerk of Courts, prior to the date mentioned. Wedding at Rutherolen.— One of the prettiest and most fashionable weddings that have taken place in. Butherglen, was celebrated at -St. Stephen's Chinch of England, ori Wednesday, /when the con tracting parties were Mr. L. Fraser, for merly manager of the Rutherglen branch of the Bank of Victoria, and Miss Amy Ready, sister- of - Mr. T. .. H.; Ready, chemist, of Rutherglen. The church was crowded to overflowing, not even stand ing room being available. The building was exquisitely decorated, two lovely arches having been erected in the aisle and profusely decorated with Christmas lilies and seasoriablc flowers." The cere mony was performed by the Rev. Alma Howard in a very impressive mariner, and special hymns and nntlicms were rendered by the choir. When the party ii-ere pro ceeding to the altar Mrs. Howard played the " Alia Marcia " as a processional, and as soon as the ceremony was concluded, " Deus Miseretur" was sung. As the company was leaving the church the " M'edding March " was very nicely played by Mrs. Howard. The bride was given , away by her brother, Mr. T. H. Keady, while Mr. W. Ready acted as best man. The bride was very prettily attired in cream crepon with trimmings of silk and lace to match ; wreath and veil and handsome bridal bouquet. She was at tended by the following bridesmaids Miss. Chandler, who wore a costume of cream veiling, with ribbon triirimings and bouquet ; Miss Fraser (sister of bride groom), dressed in cream cashmere, lace and satin ribbons, with bouquet ; Miss Bessie Kirkup, "attired in cream muslin, lemon satin ttiinmirigs, witli bouquet ; Miss Ethel Blood, cornflower crepon, with guipure trimmings. Her other at tendants were three Tittle girls, Misses Amy Ready, Ada Ready and Gertio M'Clellaud, who looked exceedingly pretty in cream crepon costumes in quaint Greenaway style, with ribbons and lace trimmings to match. Each carried a beautiful largo basket of flowers. ' Then there were three pages, Masters Tommy Ready, Roy Blood and Roy Ready, dressed in cream and blue suits. After the ceremony a large number of guests were entertained at " Shrewsbury Vilia," the residence of Mr. T. . H. Ready, where they sat down to the wedding breakfast. Mining Bye-Laws. — It will be seen by advertisement that the official edition of the bye-laws of the Beechworth Mining; District is now available. The compilation! has been revised and corrected up to date and will be found of. essential use to . all connected with the mining interest. Copies may be obtained at this office, or from any of our agents, at the moderate price of sixpence. The Homeward Trifi — Those conterii- plating a trip to the old country will be interested to learn that the Peninsul ar and Oriental Company have entered into a contract with the Italian Governnien t for a tri- weekly service between Venice, Brindisi and Said, which will be of grea t convenience to those who may desire to visit Venice en route. For the present the steamer Clyde, Ganges and Thames will be placed on that line, and passengers from Australia can change at Port Said or Brindisi to the steamers for Venice if they desire to do so. Mr. Richard VYarrcn, the Beechwortli agent for the P. and O. Company, will be happy to furnish full information as to arrangements for this; variation of route. News from Port Moresby states that a party of 45 natives of New Hritian and New Ireland left for German New Guinea, with two Europeans,, to explore. Only 23 of the natives arrived at Motu Motu, the rest succumbed to hunger and priva tions. 1 hey stated that they suffered severely from the bites of flies. ' Both the Europeans died on the trip. The death is announced of the Right Hon. Sir .Henry Ponsonby, Private Sec retary tothe Queen and Keeper of Her Majesty's Privy Purse, at the age of 70 years. He sen ed. with his regiment at the siege of Sebastopol, and ou tlio con clusion of that war he was appointed Equerry to the late Prince Consort. Subsequently he commanded a battalion of the Grenadier Guards in Canada. Mr. Clement Wragge is now 011 the way to -.'ape York Peninsula to establish meteorological stations at Palmerville, Wusgrave, Mein, and M'Donnell, and climatological stations at Coen, Moreton, and Paterson. When these stations arc established the chain will be complete between Galio and Thursday Island, and Mr. Wragge believes that no stonn will touch /the eastern coast of Australia without (oiecast. 