Country Correspondence. \--o- PEAK MOUNTAIN. [F(On OR OWN o?ioaEREoS'POeDr. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Peak Mountain Debating Class was held in the Odd fellows' Ball, Flinders, on the evening of Saturday, the 24th.instant, when a very agree able time wbs pasnsed y those members present. In the absence of'the Chairman, llr. W. Winks, Mr. A.' Moffat presided. . Two new members were elected-Messrs. W.. Casey and Mars Taylor--and I am sure thiat those gentlemen will he great acluisition to the class. It had been arrenged to have an "-impromptu meet ing." Th .first to take the.floor was Mr. J. Mapstohe. who spoke for a considerable time on the ubject of "Should teachers be paid for the fli~ 'weks' vacation at Christmas?" hi speaking it the negative; but, a vote being taken, the majority of the class decided in the affirmative. , Mr. W. Wells then followed on " Should the Divisional Board repair the pumps at the public wells ?' In a very able speech he contended that thbit should be di~e. Mr. F. Panits spokp on "!The best method of obtaining water for local purposes." Mr, Mapustone also gave his views. and stated that a special rate shbuld be struck'witihthe view of seeouring an artesian bore -in' fact, his speech throughout was very instructive, and was much appreciated by the class. Mr.fI. Perrett, speaking on the same matter, intimated that, a short time ago, the Divisional Board spent £1200, and that, in his oepinion, the country was amply supplied with water. Mr. Mars Taylor took up " The hsbt method of larming." B aing an experiene? tarmcr, his advice was sound. He advised every far m h er always to have water near at haud. HIe ano g In hints a; to the tilling of the soil, and, above an!l, urged farmers to have plenty of fodder r Ic t!re wilnter. Mr. . finnd diseour:ed on 'Is tlhe p ess an important factor in the life of the world ?" In his speech he affirmed that, without literature, the world would be dead. Mr. H. Perrett addressed the class on " Has the present Premier the confid ence of the Labour party ?" Mr. Perrett spoke vely fluently on the subject, and his remarks were listened to with much attention. Mr. J. E. Kelly had charge of the question "Is the Labour member any benefi?t to the colony?" The meeting dispersed, at 9d0; after spending a very agreeable evening. The weather still keeps extremely dry, and there is no prospect, of rain. Bush-fires are raging in thesout-districts, and the atmosphere here is full of smoke, and has been so for some days past. August 20. 