SHOALHAVEN NOTES. ' DEATH OF AN OLD IRISH COLONIST. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) It is«my sad duty to record the death of Mrs. Wil liam Connolly of Pyree, a highly respected resident of the district for more than 40 years. She v as the eldest daughter of the late John Forde, of Derry owen, Co. Gal way, Ireland, and sister of the late Martin Forde, of the Customs, London. Her brother, Edward Forde, of Derryowen, is still living on the spot she loved so well, and where she first saw the light on September 13th, 1813. She was one of the gonume daughters or Jinn, ana was noted tor tnat real charity and love for her neighbour so character istic of Ireland's sons and daughters. It was never known of her to spare herself truuble or fatigue ?when anyone required aid. Either as a tender nurse or a kind, sympathetic friend, she was always to be found among her neighbours who were in trouble. She was an exemplary wife and mother and had 8 children, 4 sons and 4 daughters'. The husband and four sons and one daughter survive her. The sur viving daughter most tenderly nursed her during hex last illness, which she bore with Christian fortitude to the last. During her illness she was attended b}r the Rev. Fathers Norris and Gunning, and from them received all the blessings and consolations of Holy Church. She died on the 12th of September (being within a day of 82 years of age), deeply re gretted by all who knew her. The funeral took place on Friday, 1 3th instant, and the good old lady was followed to the old Catholic cemetery by a large concourse of old friends and neighbours, where she was laid to rest with three of her daughters and three grandchildren. Father Norris officiated at the grave. The Mass offered for the repose of her soul, Father James Gunning being celebrant, on Tuesday morning, was largely attended. On Sunday last (15th) another good woman in the person of Mrs. O'Donnell was laid in her last resting place, Father Norris officiating at the grave. R.I. P. A daughter of a highly respected resident, Mr. M'Donald, was buried in the Presbyterian cemetery on 17th. inst. This highly respected family have the sincere sympathy of all in their sad bereave ment. Mr. H. G. Morton, a well-known figure and old and highly respected identity of this district, passed away early in the month. The depression caused by a very drv severe winter, followed by a sudden dry spring, has been removed to a great extent by the welcome showers of the last few days. The outlook was gloomy in the extreme when we came to contemplate the situation seriously. Cattle in low condition, fodder and pasture becoming scarce, and bushfires raging on all sides and destroying what little pasture was left. There is a creamery in full working order on the Berry Estate, and the majority of the farmers are availing themselves of this means of disposing of their milk instead of sending it to more distant depots. It will be a great boon to the district if properly conducted. 