Uralla items. I (FBOM OUE CORRESPONDENT.) WEATITEE AND CBOVB. Tho exceeding]/ hot, dry weather I of the past fortnight was broken on I Tuesday, 16th inet., by a thunder-1 Btorm, and tho parched ground has since then been refreshed by daily rain-stormi. Although the hot weather gave herbage a withered and brown appearance, and caused many bush-fires, it greatly favoured the (armors in securing their wheat-crops in good condition. But owing to the low prices ruling for wheat and other produce, tho cultivation of the soil, as a business, even under favourable conditions, is about played out. When and wherever farmors meet the one subject of conversation is the ruinously low prices of produce, and the relatively high price percentage of value they have to pay for any ser vices they may require. When wheat was 4s per bushel, and the cost of preparing and sending to market was Is a bushel, there were 3a left for cost of production; but when wheat is only 2s a bushel, I be cost of prepar ing and sending to market is still Is, and tho fanner baa only Is left for cost of production. Tbe farmers clearly see that this is an impossible condition, and say that they would not bo discouraged by low prices if they wont all round, and provided they could buy all they required at produce value. But while rents, in terest, railway ratee, and all other chargos remain at the old high rates, the farmer cannot exist at current prices for produce. In some cases the charges are now eveu higher than formerly; for example, if a farmer sells a bushel of wheat for 2s, which is said to bo present local value, and buys 2s worth of bread from the baker, he will get only lGlb of bread for 601b of wheat; thus, from the growing of tho wheat to the baking of the bread, tho farmer gets one fourth, and tho miller and baker three-fourths. It iB the same with regard to wool; the old extravagant charges aro continued for railway freight and broker's charges as when wool waB double the value. It has been estimated that every train-load of woo) from Uralla to Sydney pays the Commissioners a clear profit of £300; and yet they take no notice of tbo greatly reduced value of tbe article, the full charge being still made for locks and other inferior parts of the clip. Taking theaverago value of locks in Sydney, it is clear that growers are getting loss than nothing for them, after paying for cleaning, packing, carriage to station, rail freight, and broker's chafes, and making fair allowance for their value is manure. Unices there is a speedy rearrangement of all charges, wagfs, rents, mid allowances on the basis of produce-value, wo will shortly witness a crisis such as the colony lias never b»fore known. Mikikg. Mining matters are dull, with the exception of a reported discovery of a patch of good paying wash on ground near the lioiling-down works, Ken tucky Creek. 