ARTHUR RIVER NEWS. (FBOM A COBBESPONDENT.) A great number of people are returning from Coolgardie to this district. I must say tha Coolgardie fever has taken away some of our finest young men in the district, such young men as Keen, Chipper, Han9om, Holland and Norrish. Now a word or two for our energetic Roads Board. The Perth-Albany Road which is in the control of the Arthur River Roads Board ia in a disgraceful Btate. I can honestly say there has not been a five pound note spent on the road this five years. The bulk of the money voted for the Arthur is circulated in or about Wagin Lake. When this money was first voted for tbe Arthur, Wagin was not thought of. At present the Arthur seems a place of the past in the eyes of the Roads Board. All business transactions respecting the Roads Board have been removed from the Arthur to Wagin, on whose authority I do not know. There is not a single lesiaent of the Arthur gets a voice in the Roads Board. Prior to the Board being removed the members were all Arthurites, now we must take hat the Waginites like to give us if it is nly a bushfire. It is quite time the A thur district went in for a separate Roads Board. v Stock owners have had a trying time this summer with their stock, owing to water being very limited, and mischievous people firing the bush. It is a great pity that the police are not more on the alert, so aB to trap the firey customers. Lately we had a nice change in the tdiape of a steady downpour of rain, which was much needed for man and beast, 'lhe Arthur folks have lost a good man in the departure of the Rev. Mr. Phillips for England. He will be greatly missed, being a Good Samaritan. On the 14th nit. the heaviest ruin for one night for years foil, 24 inches being recorded Many of the gullies rushed clown, and the water holes filled. I think this is a breaking up of the summer. Things are not very bright in Wagin Lake township, when you find three or four appli cants for the billet of secretary and super visor 'o the Konds Board, which is worth £20 or £80 per anrum. Ruruor says that out of the £600 voted this jear for roads, the Board is indebted I £500, to it is a poor look-out for the minor roads this coming winter. 