QUERIES ANSWERED. Farmer. — You will experience a very dry spring and extremely warm summer this year. There wili be a few showers during this month, owing to the cold currents which will pass over the greater portion of this colony about the last quarter of the present moon. These currents and light rainfalls will cause frost, which will do more harm than good, as explained in last issue. See notes this ( issue. Anxious. — The most reliable remedy for checking bush-fives, where there is no green belt around the farm, when the fire is in full force, is to light a fire in a straight line some distance away fiom it in the dry grass. Have sufficient^ assistance to beat the fire .out on the advancing side as lit. Allow it to burn towards the advancing fire, and beat it out on the line nearest the part desired to be protected. Care should be taken to beat it out thoroughly, as a spark left on the wrong side aviII cause all the labour to be in vain. No; use green boughs to beat out the fire, as it can be moro quickly done than by any other means. Fire engines and brigades are1 perfectly useless to check the advance of a bush fire owing to the sparks. 'No. Bowbx Park asks which is the heavier, rich or poor milk ? — Rich milk is heavier than poor, owing to the fact of its containing more solid matter, whether it be caserne or fats ; as these elements are of higher specific gravity than water, the presence of which, in greater quantity than natural, causes it to be elasssd a poor sample of milk. AxJGUH,— rSee notes this issue on your grievance. The hand-power are equally as good as ihe larger kind, the only difference being that of taking up the time in manual labour. Of the many, you will find the Danish superior to all others in the matter of perfect work, easy to keep in order and to under »? stand. It is in four sizes and prices, 65 per hour, price £33 ; 55 per hour, £80 ; 40 per hour, di28 ; and 35 per hour, £20. Cast-iron stands for any size of the above machine are £3 extra. The machine and stand will be packed and delivered free of charge to any wharf or the railway station. 3ee directions with each. 