A VISIT TO YORK TOWN BY THE SCOUT. At six o'clock on a beautiful summer's morning a few weeks ago, in company with several companions, I landed at Boatscrew Point,about a mile from where the almost deserted hamlet of York Town is situated. After a little searching, we discovered a track through bracken, and continued along it until finally we reached a substantial bridge spanning a rivulet which empties itself into the head of West Arm. "There is York Town before you," remarked a companion, indicating with a wave of his hand the immediate neighbourhood in front of me. There was not much to be seen. A dusty looking road, an old tumble-down shed, and two small wooden cottages, each surrounded by a garden. Behind me rose an abrupt wooded ridge, which I afterwards ascertained had been named by Lieutenant-Colonel Paterson, the founder of the settlement, Mount Albany. Away to the left lay the shallow waters of West Arm, and at the mouth of the rivulet were the inevitable mudflats. Proceeding along the road we met the first sign of life visible at the early time of the morning we had chosen for our visit, in the shape of a pecuiiarly aggressive dog. Fortunately he was chained at the gate of Macdonald.'s. cottage, otherwise he would probably have attempted to pro- cure for himself a few mementoes of our presence in the form of sundry pieces of cloth, etc. We passed along the road, and after a walk of about half a mile came upon the ruins of a small cemetery. The fencing round the graves was fast hastening to decay, weeds were growing luxuriously all around, and a few flowering plants, placed there by kindly hands in the days of lang syne, struggled bravely for existence on the mounds under which the dead so soundly slumbered. Here I believe lies buried the first white man who succumbed in Northern Tasmania. History recordeth not his name, but there is a tradition to the effect that he was a soldier who died from a snake bite. There was within the memory of people who are living now, I am informed, a rude monument, upon which was recorded the name of the victim, also the manner of his death. Time or misadventure in the shape of a bushfire, however, obliterated all traces of the monument years ago. After spending half-an-hour in this desolate little necropolis, we wended our way towards Barrett's cottage. Barrett himself, whom we met standing at his gate, is one of the few remaining links binding the Tasmania of to-day with that of the past. He was born at York Town over seventy years ago, and has spent the greater portion of his life on the place. His father was a gardener and worked at his calling for some years in Sydney. Lieutenant- Colonel Patterson, who was an enthusiastic botanist brought Barrett senior from New South Wales, and set him to work planting and laying out the Botanical Gardens, for which in the ealier days of the colony York Town was famous. When the settlement was abandoned Barrett was given a grant of land and left behind to look after the gardens. He married and reared a family on the place, the present resident of York Town being one of his sons. The old man of course, died many years ago, and the son has now passed the allotted space of life, but still looks well and hearty. I found him rather an interesting character, in fact so much so that I think I cannot do better than let him tell.his own story: —''Yes, I was born over there," replied the old fellow to one of my queries, "across the road there in the middle of that orchard. That's where my father's cottage stood, but no signs of the building are now to be seen. My mother was burnt to death there, sir, and that tree you can see from here just about marks the spot where the accident occurred. My. father was brought up as a gardener in England, and he caught Lieutenant-Colonel Paterson's eye in Sydney. He was one of the first of the York Town settlers, and did a lot in the way of tree planting down here. The first gorse brought to Tasmania was conveyed from New South Wales, and planted in this settle- ment, and here some of it remains to this day. It is over 70 years since I first saw light, and I can remember a number of the old buildings, all of them gone now. The place, so I have heard my father say, was very lively once : what with soldiers, prisoners,and others, it was quite a little town. Over there at Boatscrew Point there used to be a sort of pilot station, and a guard was kept handy to prevent the prisoners from becoming insubordinate, and seizing the provisions that were nearly- always landed there, and brought on to the 'Camp' as York Town was called. The beggars would haye seized the boats too if they had been given the chance. When the settlement was broken up Lieutenant- Colonel Paterson induced my father to stay behind and attend to the Government Gardens, in which he took special pride. Father consented, and was given a musket, powder,and shot, to fight the blacks with, and an assigned servant to help him with his work. After, a while he became tired of the lonely life, and had almost made up his mind to get back home to the old country. He married, however, and that anchored him. When I grew up I tried various ways of mak- ing a living. I was at Bendigo and Forest Creek diggings, and was for about twelve years engaged in whaling. I sailed out of Launceston in the Lady Rowena, owned by Mr Charles Henty, somewhere about 1841. During my whaling career I met with some strange adventures, and had several narrow squeaks for my life. Off the island of Owyhee, in the Pacific ocean, I was in a boat which was struck and smashed to pieces by a large whale, and had my skull fractured. Here on my arm you may see the picture of the affair, for a shipmate tatooed it in after I got all right again. This portrait of a woman higher up on the arm is that of the Queen of Owyhee, and this other one represents the old lighthouse in King George's Sound, with whaling ships seeking shelter. My brother met with a terrible death at Port Fairy, Victoria. He was engaged in whaling and fell into a vat of boiling oil. The poor [?] fellow lived for seven days in great agony, and thendeath put an end to his sufferings. When I returned from the sea and the diggings my father induced me to settle down, and I have been here ever since. Now I suppose you want to know: something about the place. Well, up that rise yonder are the cellars of old Government House. There you may see the big hole in the earth, and the decayed wooden steps leading down to the bottom of it. That is all that remains of the residence of Lieutenant-Colonel Paterson. Close by were situated the officers' quarters, then the guard rooms, and beyond was the camp where the prisoners were kept. Beyond where the officers quarters' stood was the residence of Captain Kemp, the place where the late Mr George Anthony Kemp, J.P., was born 80 odd years ago. All that you can see of the captain's property now are the drains running through the ground upon which his once flourishing orchard was planted. The spot is overgrown with scrub and vegetation. Beyond Kemp's is Massey's Creek, so called after Mr Thomas Massey, who was appointed Chief Constable here in those days. There are, if I mistake not, descendants of Mr Massey living in Launceston now. Dr. Mountgarrett's residence was over the other side, more in the direction of the Government Gardens, and down near the water's edge was the storehouse. Lieutenant-Colonel Paterson planted a great many trees, and there are a few of the old original apple trees still alive. One, although hollowed out with age, still bears good fruit, and some apples picked from it carried off a prize at one of the city shows some years ago. The tree is of the Duchess of Kent variety. The Lieutenant-Colonel would have beautified the place very much had he only remained, for he had men at work making a carriage drive along the slope of Mount Albany. In the cemetery over yonder my father and mother are buried, so are other of my relations. I tried to keep the graves in order for many years, but bush fires got the best of me, so I now leave them alone." This was about all the old fellow had to tell, but his story can hardly be cast aside as an uninteresting one. He presented me with an old English penny bearing date 1797, and a flattened bullet he cut out of a tree at Squeaking Point, Port Sorell, some weeks after the memorable fight which took place in that neighbourhood between the notorious bushrangers Jeffkins and Brown, and a party of police. During my brief stay on the deserted settle- ment, I unearthed the remains of an old axe, which Barrett assured me was. one of the type brought to the place by the original colonists. York Town is well worth a visit, if only to see the attractive rivulet with its several miniature waterfalls, which run beside it. George Town, which is much more advantageously situated, became a permanent settlement and will probably in years to come develop into a watering place of considerable importance. For the views published with this article, we are indebted to Messrs A. S. Widdowson, of George Town, and Mr H.Sadler, of Launceston. 