GENfiRii ITEMS. ' ? ? — W It as -certain that Mr. Niniaa Mel ville, eK-M.a?., the newly- elected Mayor -of Ashnald, -does not intend to be merely - a Jack-in-office. It is rumoured that there is -a movement on foot to present him with robes of office befitting the position o£ -toe ooxougn, ana tae Bcyie sna fittings of the town-hel!, which is undoubtedly one of the finest muni cipal struotares in the metropolitan area. Mayor Jtel-rille is throwing great energy in o the work of his office, devoting much of his spare time in persenally sup ervising the work and duties of the council's officers and employees. There are not three municipalities in the oelony which have, like Aehfield, a Mayor who is in every sense of the word, the Chief Executive Officer ef the bsrough. Mr. Melville appears to be working . like the paid -chairman of a board of direc tors of a great busineeB concern. A 'bird has -bean discovered in Northern AuBtria which pOBaeBses a double set of wings. The second pair are embryolic and are useless in flight They are situated under the true wi-BgB. The Marquis -of Qaeensherry has been arrested on a charge of having libelled Oscar Wilde. Last Saturday the mountains to the south and south east of Mudgee were all ablaze. For this time of the year the weather in this district 1b unusually dry and warm, and unless rain Boon appears great devastations are expected from bush-fires. In South Wales the coalowners have given a month's notice to 100,000 men who had demanded an increase in the Bliding ecalo of payment. Upwards of 1000 members of 'the London Police Force have been con fined to their beds with influenza. In Paris the mortality from in fluenza was at the rate of -500 -deaths weekly. Owing to a technical error the bill introduced in the House of Lords by the Marquis of Hipon, Secretary of State for the Colonies, to amend the laws relating to the Custom b duties iu tbe Australian colonies, has been withdrawn. The bill will probtbly be intrebueed iu the House of Commons. The horny-hnnded workman caUs it 'pay,' tb.e skilled mechanic' wages,' the city clerk ' salary,' the banker ''income,' a land-uwner'rent-rolli' a lawyer ' fees,1' a burglar ' swag ;' but it all comes to the same thing at the end of the week. A.N.S.W. J.P. is named C. J. Mud dle. Maar N.S.W J'sJ. are Mid lers. There was a little mild 'excitement at a Sydney tailor's last week, when two 'new women ' arrived) to order a suit. Themalerial having been chosen a cutter blandly came forward with his tape-measure, They eubmrtted to tbe waist-measuring, bat when it came to getting tbe figures for their knickers, they asked, somewhat con fusedly, if there were not *ouie arrangement — er — by which the leng ii of the arm would determine the size ef the leg. On being a saured that £here wasn't, matters beg n to look serious; when the proprietor suggested that if they stepped up to the workroom a (female employe would perform the -necessary tape work. They seized *he idea, and left quite satisfied. The birthday stone For January is the garnet, which means constancy ; February, the amethyst, which means contentment^ March, the blood stone, which means courage ; April, the diamond, which, means innocence'.; May, the emerald, which is supposed to bring success in love.; June, the pearl, which means purity-; Julv the rubv, which means nobility ; August, the moonstone whioh means felicity; September, the -sapphire, which is said to bring success and avert evil ; Ootober, the opal, which means hope; November,) tbe topaz, which means fidelity in friendship; and December, the torquoise, which means .pros perity. 'If you do not settle this account,' said the tailor to Mr. Slopay, ' I am afraid I shall have to commence a suit.' «Allright Mr. Shears,' said theyoungman, in his flippant, trivial manner, ' 1 hope you will be luckier than you were in commencing my last one.' Husbands 'I am Justin the mood for reading something sensational and startling — something that will make my hair stand on end.' Wife: -? Sere is my laBt milliner's bill V 