A Glimpse or Two of Early Residents, &c.; [By RED GUM.) Fifty-six years' residence in this district is a good record. Such has been the length of Mr. Owen Daly's abode in and around Ipswich. A couple of Sundays ago I took a "gentle sweater" in the shape of a tramp to the Ten Mile Swamp, better known as " Daly's Lagoons," and had a chat with the oldest white inhabitant of West Moreton. Mr. Daly was at home, of course; but I regretted to meet him in a feeble state of health. What iron-like constitutions some of the early residents possessed? Mr. Daly is a native of County Cavan, Ireland, and came to "Limestone" in 1839, and was, for years, in the employ of the late Mr. George Thorn. From what I could gather Mr. Daly is about ninety-five years of age, fifty-six of which he has resided in either Ipswich or its immediate neighbourhood. Many other matters of historical interest Mr. Daly made mention of, but, on this occasion, I have not the space at my command to "go into particulars." Among the keen sportsmen of other days—the "knights of the trigger"—the name of Mr. Owen Daly, of Upper Bundanba, was a household word. Lovers of wild sport were hospitably entertained at his bands, re- ceiving at all times the utmost attention and kindness-it did not matter whether they were duck-shooting or kangaroo hunting. On the occasion of my visit, the famous lagoons seemed like an oasis in the surroundings, and were literally alive with game, ducks especially. Bush-fires were raging in several directions, and the timber-getters deplored the exception- ally dry weather, the bullocks, and other stock being in very poor condition. The recent thunderstorms will, however, cheer the hearts of those, in that district, who were regretting that they could not, then, avail themselves of the brightened state of the timber market. I must not forget to mention that, during my journey to Mr. Daly's residence, I called in to see an old friend—Mr. Patrick Ward, J.P., of Upper Bundanba, and enjoyed some pleasant reminiscences of his colonial experiences since 1857. The Sunday previous to paying a pedestrian visit to Mr. O. Daly, I called upon the "father of Redbank Plains," Mr. James Josey, who came to Brisbane in April, 1841, thence on to Limestone. Ipswich is now completely trans- formed, the whole town having, with but few exceptions, changed its early style of buildings, in connection with which Mr. Josey had a lot to do, inasmuch as he was pioneer sawyer in the Pine Mountain district. Indeed, with its over-bridges, &c.;, the old aspect has entirely disappeared. Even the ancient Bunya-Bunya tree that adorned the Anglican parsonage- ground— before the erection of St. Paul's Church—for over forty years, has vanished. Oc- casionally one may come upon a few of the mem- bers of the "old brigade" of hardy pioneers, among whom must reckoned Mr. Richard Wright, the well-known owner years ago of the butchering establishment in Nicholas-street. Age, with its accompanying infirmities, is tell- ing upon this once stalwart colonist, who is now in his eighty-fifth year, having been over fifty years a resident in what is now Queens- land; he landed in Sydney when a young man, bordering on quite sixty-six years ago. Con- sidering the experiences and hardships he underwent in the far-back "squatting" periods, on Pike Creek Station, near Warwick, the con- clusion is that Mr. Wright possessed a most wonderful constitution. He came to Ipswich, with his family, in 1854; and those who can remember in the sixties as he proceeded along Brisbane-street either to or from his slaughter- ing premises, at Bundanba, will be able to call to mind a most commanding horseman—a prominent member of the sporting fraternity of those days. Dear old Nicholas-street! 