CENEILAL NEW4S. Mtiesne. lcAmtooill Borulocrns of Middle Arm were te ho uccseeful tdeclrcrtc for tho corriego of timber, Ao., for the bridge ever llodge's Creek. T'he omaterinl in to be crited from Goulbuon ruilway elation to Pomeroy. The Neun Firie Preene, ia Vionna daily journal, publirhbee a telegram from St. Peteroburp, bfelod on whut is regardd nas reliablo authority, otating that Iussia in. tonds, with the approval of China, to occupy Port Arthur. The Duke of Marlborough has been be. frothed to Miss Coonoelo Vanderbilt, daughter of Mr. William H. Vanderbilt, the Ameriean millionaireo. On Friday the twenty-fifth nniversary of the entry of the Italian troupe into Itome wae eolebrated. In honor of the ooonsion the Italian government has granted an temocety to all the Sicilian rebels who wore eeotenocd to imprisonment for teorms of ten yeoar and under, and has rcduond by oneothird the torms of those anotouced to over ton years. 'rho death is announced of Mr. George Hib. bert Deffell, formerly judge in bankruptoy on the Now South Wales supremo court beonh. A ard boating fatality took place on Sun. day near the mouth of the Olarence River. Two residents were rr peized from a boat, and one wae drowned. The powers are hurromseig the portt for reparation for Ihe outrago on consular repro oentativee committed by Bedouin Arabs in May last. Gruesome reports are to hand of the priva tione cxperieoc?d by mocmbers of the Liru tenant Peary zeploration party in their undeavour to teach the North Polo, When found by tho search party which waoe sot out by the United Statos government, and bah just returned to Newtoundlacd, they were alt tho lost extremity. They ounli not find a ton and a-half of provisions that had been stored, and they wereo educed to living on E~sqcimanu dope, coal-oil, raw coal, waltua, and reindoor. The stroeger of the Regqui mrux dogs of the expedition devoured the welker in their hunger, and were in turn eaten by the explorere. The relief expedition have seonred a quantity of Arctic flora and fauna, and two of the finest moteorites over discovored. It is repofted that Ihe chip Stouoloigb, which was posted as missing, foundered off Cape Horn, and that all on board porished. Baron Henry do Worms M.P., secrotary to the colonial otflic in Lord Sallehbty'r last administration, hoe acceoopted a peerage. On the Buttorbone run nonr Dtbbo the essooe have killed over 15,000 wild pigs onoo January. The pigo do immoene damago among sheep. Dr. Aehburton Thompson telographe from ALesmoro to the effect that thu patients he visited wore not suffering from smallpox. Though the disturbane hban not become so defined that Mr. Iussell felt that he could on Monday night made a forocaot, he said tbat the isobare in the chart isenod at 4 p.m. point in a marked degreoo to another general rain coming into Now South Wales, and that it will roach the colony before the end of tbhe ?aeeant week. Mr. Edwin Laroombo, for many years toeahor at the publio sholol at Jaopor'o Brueb, near Berry, died on Saturday night. Hio early death io attributed to the exposuro and shock received in bio efforts to save the tchool property during th lateo bush-fires. An application was made to the Melbourne sopremo court on Monday on bobehalf of Riobard Spoight, plaintiff in the action of Spolght v. Syme, for a new trial, and also to oet aside or revereu the judgment of Mr. Justice Williams. The application woo based on six counts, the priocipul of which are the allegations that the verdict was against the weight of evidence, that evideneo had boon wrongfully admitted, and that the judge mio diretood the jury. The aeas etandu part hoard, A present bha been made by the Noew Zealand department of agriculture to the Now Sooth Wales department of a further con eignmont of humble booee. It to intimated that the Lake Illawarra harbour worba will bo commouced on Monday next with the construction of a railway from thoiake ?o thn :,oooutaino, Rcoeut cold weather huo played havoe withl the newly.ehorn olcaup in the country. It is raid that in the Millie dietrict from 40,000 to 60,000 perionhd in one night. Queooeland defonco forces have boon oom plimentoed by the commander-in-ohlof of thle British army for tho ptirit with which they entered into voluntary camps at Eastor. A dooree, which is attributed to the Em. poror of China, has been oxteonlvely oiron lated amongst the studento of Ohina, com manding all faithful Confucians to otone and hoot the Ohroitiano and to behead them without moroy. The proolumation doolaroo that "tho authorities musoot eradicate such vermin and throw them to the wolvoos and tigero." Thirteen soldiere haveo' been killed by a railway collision in Saxony. Sixty others have buen seriously injured. Several oeaes of pluouro have been die covered among the cattle taken to England by thie tdamer Southern Orose. Tenders for the improvement of the gradeo on the weatern line betwoeu Wallerawang and Bathurst are being invited by the railway oommieeionoen. Thin work will ount about £46,000. Marik Twain delivered his second lecture before a crowded audience in the Protestant Hall on Saturday night. He was receivod with the utmoot cordiality. On Saturday morning Sir Georgo Dibbe re turned to Sydony from hia trip to the northern parts of Quoonoland. Many of the French noldiers in Madagaosar who are stricken with disaose are compollod to lie on the bare ground, owing to the lolk of hospital anoummodation. Thero are only four doctoro to attend to 1000 oases of oickness among the Frenoh troops in Madagasour. In laying the foundation.otoneo of a now Roman Oatbolio church at Ohatawood on Sunday afternoon, Oardinal Moran replied to theeritiomou( tho Bithopof Goaiburnupon his rodunt speech as to Ith position of the Ohurch of England in regard to the Church of Romo. At the inquiry Into theo lone of the steamer Cattorthun hold by tile marine board It was otatbd by a flsherman that dangers exist off the Bual Rooku which are not on the ad mirnlty chart. In order to prove the state. moat the gvernmout steamer Thotlt" woa speolally doespatohod last weolk to the soono. The reoult of her search in to disprove the fioherman'o olatemont. On Saturday evening a wooden tonomunt at North Taes, owned and oooupied by Mre. Salinbury uonior, was entirely d?etroyod by fire, togother with furniture and everything ls0o it conlainod. It soomo Mrs. Sainobary was away from home at the time, when her daughter naoidoutly set alight to the ourtalno in a bedroom, and becoming frightened ran away. There was a strong wind blowing, and In a vary few minultes the whole plaoo wao ablaeo. To onrpritn a lady in America on her birth. day a brane band was pleood in her parlor. Ae lo entered thbo band struck up, and gave her nnch a start that uls follin a fit and died, A warning to thono who beoauoo they them. uolveo fool no ill offooto from audden noiseo diuregard tie foot that other follks have different norvoun organioationo. A Macedonian plot, having for its object the dantruoltlo of ltho Sultan's palnuo at Ooa etautlnp,lel, ha bornet discovered. Groat ptreoautlon 00re bInlg tanoo to proteot the Baltan of Turkey anglnnt any attempt on his life. Mr. H. Moorri, of Wonganti, Now Zoaland, has paneod first l tih eixamination for aid. mloloon to the Indlau civil servioe. He wao 1000 marks ahend of the next candidate. Thu little girl Edith Isabella Mo Mahon, who wan strangled to death in a swing, was last soon by her father playing about, and abhe went on the swing while he wm away. When he reloret d he found that tho rope of the twting hbd ta:en oIl a tuorn, saod that the child Lhd born killed. On the 16th ttinttant the 'reoh furoos in In.dagElroer surprised and rounttd 6000 Hovne at Touimondri, 1110 hilotncltrce from Antana. Univo, theO capitol. Three Portuguero men-of-war have beeoon ordered to proceed to Go in i Portuognoe India to ruppreu Ibo risiog atmong the Potfe guerne troope there.. Melbourrne, Tuweday.-Emannel Abrahame, one of too four btouthetr covicted of con-O spiracy to deftoaud, who has boeen shamming illneso and thus utonling medioel comforts in jail, wase entouced to- day by tho visiting justices to on additiount air monthe hard lbor for maliogelttg. Ilis original sooteono was taowenty monthbo and a fine of £250. Melrbonroe, Teoday. - Emmao Williams was found guilty t the rtiminal couort today of theo wilful murder of her little boy, whom she deliberately drowned in tbso Sondrtdgu lagoon on 1tl ultim,, after attllaabinga stone to its body. Scoltroo of death waetuoordod, and the prisounr beard her doom with a onlm domoneanour, walking firmly out of the doock. A man named Henry Oouleon was fatally stabbed during a trawl at Dllgotly's Wharf, Millert's Point, at an earlsty hour thin morning. A prioneer named James fMartin, who was serving a sountened for five yearo' penal eorof. ttido eaonpod from Boarhf jail yesterday morning, A daughter of Mr. George Sieous, of Giloes' Flat, South Austtolin, aged twentyltwo years' has butt shot dtod by Ilthu noaidentul disohargo of a gun. Tenders aro invited to 10th October for the erection of a timber bridge over Governot's Hill Creelr, noor (Golboun. Muoarr, A. It. Chiuholm and T. F. Meyer have bin ouoetStul-terustees of Goutburo hbow.gr.und in lieu of Meanrs. S. Emoanuel (resigned) and W. Davies (deouseod). A peculiar inoldunt of the drouglht is ro porteod from EImnmrille, where therte are large numbers of Chineoe foousticoer, who wore muhol retarded in their wonrt by waut of rain. They prayed to their jonu for soma time, and then losing patienoo thoy chopped him up, burnt him, and installeod a new joes. Almost immeoodiately aftlerwoarde rain feoll. The latest jone nooordingly hao bout aoorded a grand f oot. An oxtract from the annual report of Arthur Guinnooe, sn, tand Co., Limited, the groat Dublin brewers, obows that including £2d,027 brought forwarnd, the not profit was £741,280, and after acinoolg £75,000 to reserve and £00,000 to doprcilation, a dividend of 16 per uent, wuo paid, fron of income ta, anod £25,190 wtas earriod forward. 