Weather, Pastoral, Crops. The chronicle of the week is an unprecedented wave of extreme heat passing over the whole of the colony, causing consternation, suffering, loss, dan gerous bush fires, and in many cases death to infants, the aged', and men of all classes. The thermometer records are unexampled, and those of Sydney regis tered at the Observatory are read under every pre caution ox accuracy. A maximum, therefore, of 108jdeg. F. in the shade gives to the metropolitans an experience of Indian temperature. Mr. G. H. Buzacott remembers three consecutive day6 during the summer of 1854-5, when when 108deg. F. was recorded, and 3G deaths in Sydney alone were ascribed to the heat. Throughout the country cases of sunstroke have been exceedingly prevalent, the death of the superintendent (Mr. M'Dougall) of the Pera bore, near Bourke, being recorded. The burning, scalding blasts of hot wind have, doubtless, withered vegetation. If in vineyards this has occurred, the perished leaves will still further expose the berries, but a Bhower or two may effect such a re vival that the harm will be minimised. The country from Narrabri to Newcastle, particularly the valley | of the Hunter, never looked better, the ashes of bush , fires earlier in the season having served to fertilise the soil. The southern district from Sydney to TTnrnpn has suffered severely from drought, stock perishing from want of food and water, milk supplies diminishing, fruit / failing, and no feed coming on. In the pastoral districts out west water is getting extremely scarce, and when water fails the wont of the drought has arrived. At Jerilderie the country is parched, and nearly all the tanks on the runs are dry, yet in how many extensive districts artesian water in unfailing supply awaits the tapping of its fertilising springs ! In the South Coast area bush fires prevail, stock are dying, and maize, except on the rich alluvials, is a failure. At Cobargo th$ shortness of milk has hampered this year's operations of the new dairy factory. The maize crops on the Northern rivers are very luxuriant, and a fine season is being experienced, and the farmers will find re^ compensefor the misfortunes of many calamitous past seasons. The Hawkesbory district is also ezpe | riencing a good season. In Victoria sultry north winds prevailed till lllon day evening, when a cool change set in accompanied with copious and most refreshing rains, falling gene rally and more particularly in the Southern dis tricts. Excessively hot weather has visited. South Aus* tralia, the thermometer rivalling the Sydney record. A cooler temperature consequent on rain from the southward now prevails with indications of a further fall. Queensland does not appear to have participated in the heat wave ; but high temperatures are geue» rally common in the northern colony. 