UNPLEASANT EX- PERIENCES. NEW SOUTH WALES BUSH FIRES. Sydney, January 6. The heat to-day in Sydney, perhaps as the result of local excitement regarding the recent New South Wales cricket victories, broke the records of the past 26 years. Shortly after noon to-day the true shade temperature at the Observatory, perhaps the coolest spot in the city, was 105.2°. This is the highest temperature ever recorded in Sydney. On January 13, 1870, exactly the same heat was recorded. Telegrams from country towns give some astonishing figures, in reading which, however, it is necessary to recollect that rural districts do not always recognise the nice dis- tinctions between true shade and other shade. Brewarina and Wilcannia head the list with a record of 117° in the shade. Wyalong follows close with 114°. Then come Nowra and Corowa with 112°. It was perceptibly cooler at Warren, Forbes, Bodalla, and Deniliquin, where only 110° was recorded. At Richmond the shade heat was 109°, at Tumut 108°, at Clifton and Goulbourn 106°, and at Grafton 104°. The atmosphere in most of these places was rendered more trying by bush- fires. Destructive outbreaks are reported from Mount Victoria, Nowra, Bungendore, and Delegate. At Captain's Flat fires are threatening the safety of the town. Near St. Mary's G. Ransley was very seriously burned, being overtaken, whilst riding, by the flames. He is in a critical con- dition. At Cootamundra the town water supply has run out, and a serious drought is reported from many of the country districts. Suburban gardens and orchards seem to be almost killed by to-day's excessive heat. Sydney, January 7. Tlie weather to-day was perceptibly cooler in most parts of the colony, the coast districts receiving the benefit of southerly breezes from the ocean, and thunderstorms blessing the inland districts. Particulars of yesterday's great heat continue to come to hand. Cobar reports that the shade temperature was 120°, whilst Ungarie caps that record with 125°. Some parts of the colony still complain of the extreme heat. Thus Condobolin to-day reports 115° in the shade. Unfortunately with the fall in the tem- perature there has been no decrease in the number of bush fires in the country. At Termeil three dwellings have been destroyed through the ravages of forest fires, and Mount Victoria is surrounded by burning mountains. At Bombala it took all the efforts of a band of 100 men working in the hot sun and smoke whilst the thermometer registered over 100° in thee shade to save the town. At Shell Harbor several farms were ravaged, and much fencing was destroyed, the fires being only got in hand when they came to the borders of Lake Illawarra. Bungendore complains of loss of many miles of fencing, and of the main bridge over Deep Creek. Goulburn, Moruya, Rylstone, Kurrajong Heights, and Sunny Corner also record severe destruction by bush fires, and the want of rain is being very badly felt in these and other places, as the crops are being utterly de- stroyed. Sydney, January 8. Reports from the country give no news of any abatement in the bush fires, and strong heat is still experienced in many parts. At Wyalong the heat during the past three days averaged 113°. A destructive fire there earlier this morning threatened the whole township of West Wyalong, but was got under after destroying the hotel and a cottage. One other building was pulled down to stop the pro- gress of the flames. At Willington yesterday a man named McCarty, a navvy, sustained a sunstroke, to which he succumbed to-day. Another fatality due to the intense heat is reported from Croky, where an old man, William McDonough, a tramp, over- come by the heat, lay down in the grass and was smothered. Broken Hill, January 6. A fire occurred at North Broken Hill on Saturday night, when a two-roomed house, occupied by a man named Walker, was destroyed. Mrs. Gerr was cooking at her home on the Central Blocks, near the Brisbane mine, on Saturday, when her clothes caught fire. She did not notice it until she went into the open air, when the wind fanned the flames, and the injuries received caused her death the same evening. The deceased was a sister of Mr. Stephen Goldsworthy. The weather here is extremely hot, and yesterday 108° was registered. To-day the temperature rose to 112°. The latter is the highest registered here for many years, but at Wilcannia 117° was the record to-day. At Silverton last night Mr. John Crossing's premises were entirely destroyed by fire. Melbourne, January 6. The greater part of the Albions township, including the whole of the United Albions plant and housing, was destroyed by a bush fire, which started between the township and the New Year mine yesterday afternoon. Very great damage was done, Mr. Wright's house with all its contents, Mr. Eustice's boardinghouse, and nine other residences being completely destroyed. Of the United Albions property, only the stack is standing, and the total damage is estimated at £6,000. Several persons were burnt while fighting the flames, but none seriously. There is great excitement locally. Bush fires are reported from all parts of the colony. At Grenville two residences were destroyed and many other buildings had a narrow eseape. 