INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. Melbourne, January 20. A discovery of quicksilver'near Beaconsfield has been reported to the Mines Department. Two prospectors -haye found a promising quartz reef on a village settlement at Emerald Creek, near Lilydale. It is estimated that a recent bush fire in Stanley State Forest, Beechworth, destroyed £20,000 .worth of props for mining. The boiler of the Cockatoo Mining Com pany at Clinton burst this morning and landed GO ft. from its bed. Half a dozen men had a miraculous escape. ' ' Sydney, January 20. Dr. Anderson, the new Bishop of Riverina, and Mrs, Anderson were welcomed to- day at an at home at the Sydney Deanery. Subse quently a committee of the Sydney Diocesan Synod presented the bishop with an address of welcome. A ticket agent was to-day fined in all £15 for selling return halves of railway tickets. At the Goulburn Police Court to-day John Davidson and Ernest Johnson, partners in the bankrupt firm of Davidson and Johnson, solicitors, were charged with stealing £1,4G1, the property of. Henry Duncombe. Duncombe stated that this sum had been received . on his behalf by Messrs. Davidson & Johnson from Eng land, and had been misappropriated. In giving evidence Davidson entirely exonerated his partner Johnson from all connection with the transaction. He stated that he had re ceived the money from England for Duncombe, but as further amounts were coming to Dun combe he kept the money until accounts could be finally closed. Then he suffered severe financial losses, but Duncombe would still get more than half his money. The Bench dis missed the charge against Johnson, and com mitted Davidson for trial; Bail was allowed. At a meeting of the New South Wales Cricket Association to-night Mr. Briscoe re ported on the results of the tour to Victoria and South Australia. The balance-sheet showed a credit of £20. The report was most satisfactory. A meeting of the committee of the League of Wheelmen was held to-night, when a peti tion was presented asking that the disqualifi cation of Joe Megson, cyclist, for a term of six months be remitted. The committee de cided- to grant the request. Megson will therefore be able to partake in future inter colonial fixtures. Brisbane, January 20. An unsuccessful attempt' was made yester day to burn down a church at Eight- Mile Plains, near Mackay. Perth, January 16. Great preparations have been made at Albany for carnival week. Owing to the protracted hot weather exten sive bush-fires are raging in the interior. An amusing incident took place in the Fre mantle court this morning. The name of the wife of the resident magistrate was called out by the police officer in charge of the sheet. Mr. Eairbairn answered for Mrs. Pair bairn. Retiring from the bench he listened to the accusation read out by- Mr. Briggs, J.P., that his ! wife had driven round a street corner at a , pace faster than a walk. For a moment the court habitues breathlessly wondered whether his worship would plead guilty or defend the case. Mi-. Fairbairn, however, admitted the truth of the charge and was promptly fined 5s. with 3s. Gd. costs. .The weather is warmer. A fire started in High-street, the business block of Fremantle, but was got under. 