BUNGENDORE. (From our Correspondent.) OBITUARY. --It is with much regret I have to chronicle the fact that our late respected townsman, Mr. P. Doyle, J.P., breathed his last on Satur- day. He had been ill for the last ten months, and although he tried all the best medical skill here and in Sydney it was of no avail. His complaint was a most peculiar one, and seemed to puzzle the various doctors who attended him. He had been living in this district for upwards of 30 years, and was highly respected. He leaves a widow and large family, who are grown up, and he had the consolation of knowing they were well provided for. The deceased gentleman had a large con- nection, and his remains were followed to the Catholic cemetery on Sunday last by one of the largest gatherings we have seen at any funeral here. The deceased was a general favourite, and was always foremost to assist any good cause and liberal wherever charity demanded. The greatest sympathy is expressed by all classes for Mrs. Doyle and family in their sad bereavement. BUSH FIRES.- For the last three days fires have been raging all around Bungendore, and we are sorry to hear that in some parts the bush has been wilfully set alight, as no less than six distinct fires were made on one gentleman's estate on the Braidwood road. The bridge at Deep Creek had also been ignited, but not much damage was done. Mr. Rutledge has had over 3000 acres good grass country, besides miles of fencing, destroyed. A heavy fire broke out in Mr. Powell's paddock, close to town, on Friday morning, and a large scope of the best fattening paddock was burnt. No doubt the whole would have been destroyed but for the large number of townsmen who helped to keep it in check. On Monday heavy fires burst out at the back of the lake ranges, and on account of the fierce wind blowing the flames soon came over the range and down towards the lake. It was with the greatest difficulty Mr. Glover's cot- tage was saved at the lake. The fire had burnt a good deal of the paling fence near the house and also a large number of fruit trees in the orchard; "Douglas," the property of Mrs. Massey, also was in great danger, as was also Mr. Cava- nough's cottage and orchard close to Mr. Glover's. The fires are still raging in the lake ranges, and a great number of persons are out day and night keeping them in check. One man, Thos. Murphy, who was drawing timber on the hill, came to help those at the lake. He took his horse out of the cart and left the dray and harness in a comparatively safe place, but the wind changed, and blew the fire in that direction and consumed dray and harness. I heard to- day that Mr. P. H. Osborne's paddock near town was on fire, also that Mr. W. Scott's paddocks at the Mulloon had been destroyed and with the greatest difficulty his house and contents were saved. His shearing shed with machine and some wool were completely burnt. Mr. S. Powell's paddocks at Hazeldell were also burnt. This is close to Scott's. Miles of fencing have also fallen beneath the flames. Another fire broke out yesterday near Bingley's battery and has done a deal of havoc. The wind makes it almost impossible to battle with the flames. In some cases men were hardly able to get away on horseback out of the road of the flames. One young lad named Smith whilst helping to put out the fire on Powell's paddock was unable to get away from the flames, but fortunately Mr. P. J. Byrne, who was on horse- back, galloped to his rescue and carried him out of danger. The town is enveloped in smoke and the ranges at night are one mass of flame. The weather for the past two days has been the hottest ever experienced here. To-night is much cooler on account of the heavy sea-breeze. 7th Jan., 1896. 