GEJNERAL NEWS. Ten Obristmas in Goulburn paoned off with. aut any publicly advertised sports or nmueo. .aents. Two or throoe parties were made up and visited thbo Womboyan Caven. The intenes hot canosod loss outdoor amosemonto and pionioe than usnal. On Saturday unm hers of persons patronised the' boate at Kenmoro. On returning from the oaves last night a party of visitors had to pass through a bash. fire which is burning at Tarlo. Five of the party soffured considerably, anod had to be carefully attended to during the night. The Gramophone, Edison's latest invoon tion, is now to be hoard at the Australian Aradeo. It is a great improvement on the phonograph, enabling one to hear.with faoility mnool, songs, speeches, nod reitae. tions, and those viesiting will spend a very pleasant evening. Gulgong, Saturday,--Mr. Rouse of Qunta. ?ang had fifty aores of wheon, which gaeo thirtyfiveso boashels to the ncro. The wheat returns greatly exceed expeoltations. Thoro is a lot in the Sydney papers about the meeting of the steamer Taupe with the ship Iwanhilda, whilh is supposed to have Butler on board; but all is supposition and surmise. Every one oan do hie own euppos. lfg; so it would be folly to copy the artioles of our aoutemporarieo. Paling's Christmas Anneal for the present year ountains a number of popular and excol lent songs and a couple of daneo piaces, flftoon in all. It is brought out in n 'attrao tive form and oxoullently printed by George Murray and Co., OClrunreo-treel, 'Sydney, Whose work is not surpoased in the trade. A generation ago an English magistrate maid he was determined to put down nulcids, Mr. Addlton, the respeated stipondlary magis. trats in Sydney, seoom to ha?o leanings 'tother way about, for the other day he was going to sentanee a women to seven days for the attempt, but on being reminded that it Was the Ohristmnu season he altered it to six hours, It will strike moot people tbat any terms of imprleonment, long or short, are not likely to doter folk from aumolding, as they can and the sentenres and their lives together in one not, The tenuder of A. Rodrom (£40 18/0) has beon nooepted for the crection of a tllohon at Jerrnwa public sahool. The value of the gold won In Ithe Aobklnnd district, N.Z., sineo tihe beginning of the year amounted to over £280,000. oHevy rains have again fallen In in the Nora. man distrlit, W.A,, nod Lakoe owan now aonesits of an area of over fifty iulan of Water, oaring In depth from t in, to 2 It, Robert Kneon, aged seventy, and his -olstor, naged soventy-three, for many yours 'ueeldents of Dayloelord, Vie., died yesterday afternoon withie a couple of hours of oach other. Theyi'li lived together continuously linoo childhood, Mr. G. T. Smith, a Melbourno nolloitol, has disapponrad mysteriously. He woe last seen on the jetty at Portoon one evening last weask. A selopor.getter named Albert Falho com. miltted sulido at Parlks on Wednesday by hanging himself from a windlass at thd top of a shaft . The Sultan has lassue an iradr granting an amnesty to all the imprisoned Armenoano, wtlh the exeooption of 100 prisoners, inclnding two Armncian blshope, who wore sentenced to deatih for taking part in tile recent rising in Stamboul. In thnoo ouano the deatht con. tenons has boon aommutud to imprinsonment in a fortress. The foreign anmbanrndorn n Conlntnllnopla compelled the SuLtorn to refrain froml granting an amneely to the murdorera of Father alvatoro. On Tuesday the Prinon of Wlooe opened a Frone Ieonarch Laboratory in London which has booeen endowed by Dr. Ludwig Moend to the extont of £100,000, Irord Raylelgh and SarlDo La Warr are dtlrutor, It has trtanepired at the trial at Sofin, Bulgaria, of a number of pirons who are charged with being concerneid in the murder of Ai. tambuonloff, that he had Ioft a remarko. able letter, wlitteo alittly before his death, which dirolored hie perfret knowledge of the plot to mutder him. The letter implicates hi. Nlatchowitlh and M. Trulhlttwihieff, Bulgarian Eltcteemn, and about a dozen othere. It eas tend at the trial, end caused ia great sonr ettee. News ihas been reeirved from New Guinea via Cooktown to the eflfct that Mr. (. eowill, ta mogiretoat in the ielatd, was oIltemepting to catchl lish by means of dynamite, and the charge explodrd as he wtae lighting the fuoe, completely doetroying hie right hand, aloo lacerating his theoat and the right ride of fie body. The Greek rebels in Mecedonia have at. taoked a Turlrish teoorl, billing eight judicial otlicinlls and twenlty-four coldicer. The rcbels lost four of their number. A band of repuhlioans at Alecante, Spain, came into conflict with the penodlrmee, and was dirporeed, coven of its membere being killed, According to the French paper Ealsir, tihe problem of submarioe navigiation, which hane on long occupied the etltontion of the marine depurlmeent, has, it is thought, at last been solved, the latest experiments at Toulon with the Guslauv Zedo having beau entirely suoe aooseul. This boat will now be used no a model for a number of submarine torpedo boats, which are to be constructed for servico immediately. The bubonic plague has broken out at or. raohee, an Indian seaport town. It is in creasing at B;ombay. Twenty-seven Canadian returning.ofieoru have been arrested on a hnarge of conspiring to defeat the popular will at the Juno elec. tione. .The deciion by the French war authorities to introduce the Canot gun for neo in the army will probably compel Germany to im. prove her ortillery at a coot of £10,000,000. In an article about dodges in respect to railway travelling, the Suoday Times onys: Cases of emall-sized adults trying to travel as children at half-fare, sometimes dressed to ,unit tbohe part, are by no means infrequent; and in one oase a midget of fall maturity was discovered wrapped in a rhawl in the character of a baby upon the rank of a lady's compartmeont. In Bydney the various Chrietmos amor. monte wore very largely patronised and the otoamor and railway trflio wasee enormous. Two boys were drowned at Wegga on ane. day while bathing. They were named P. RIyan, oged fourteen, and Arthur Hambidge, aged eleven. They wore the children of moeh.roepooted residents. The fatality on Oatoioned much gloom. Ryan was an ercep tionally emaat lad, and won several prizoo at the late school examinations. Temut, loturday.-The coroner, Mr. Bat ham, hold an inqueot to-day on the body of Albert Roynolds, who was drowned in the Tumut River yesterday evening. The de oeaeed was an Englishman, fifty.five year of ago. The jury returned an open verdict, Broken Hill, Sunday.-A fire broke out early yesterday morning near Mr.,Walker's general store in a building occupied as a dwelling. Two rooms and their contnte wvre destroyed, and Mr. Botridgo's chemist shop adjoining was oomowhat damaged. The firehbrigado anved a large bloolt from burning. A two roomed wood and iron dwelling, owned and eroupied by Mr. Framer, of North Broken Hill, wean burned and gutted this morning, property uninsured. On Monday the governor of Victoria and hady Braesiy will leave Port Philip by the yuoht Sunbeam for Now Zoaland, and will he absent from the colony for about six weeks. During Lord Brassey's abeoone the chief justice will not as governor, Phylloxera ii reported to be spreading in the Bondigo dietrict, Victoria. During a bush-fire near Stowell (Vie.), on elderly woman named O'Rourtko and her daughter were burned to death. The uufor tnnite woman's husband, in attempting to extinguish the flames, nao no osevrely borned that he died shortly afterwards,. Terrible floods have taken piace in Northern Greece. Many of the inhabitants have boon drowned. / A Barealdino telegram Mtatte that a fire broke out in the Railway Hotel on Saturday afternoon, by which a chemist's shop, the town.ball, a drapery establishment, a and. dlor'e shop, and two private houses besides the hotel were totally destroyed. About one o'clock on Ohritmas morning a dynamite outrage was perpetrated at the Bril liant mine, Charters Towers, doing damage to the extent of about £500. Three peakote of dynamite, which had boon stolen from the magazlne, were placed in the bucket that was hanging in the month of the shaft and ex ploded. The ahaft was wrecked for a dietanco of fifty feet, thebo boheot woe blown into pro jeotilee, which wore thrown In all dirootions so great distnocee, and a beam was sent through the roof of a boardiog-houeo two hundred yardstaway, and fell by the aide of a bhd where two children were cleoping, There wore ooveral other narrow oneapos. Another fire occurred at Norrandera on Saturday in a four-roomed cottage owned and occoupied by Mr. John Donnelly and his family. It was of wood, and its conteons totally destroyed in three quarteor of an hour. A strong wentorly wind was blowing, and the thelormometor was 1090 in the shade at the time. An infant of Mr. Donoelly died early that mornoing from hbat apoplexy, and the family only had just timaopo bring the corpoe out of the burning promises, The building and contenouts were not insurod, 