T ALLAN G ATT A. / (from the DPPER MURRAY HERALDjlfr. . . Mr. Dorrington, secretary -Tallangatt'a Butter Factory Co., reports. i-Advic'e 7 received of ' : "Cuzco" shipment . (80 boxes), at 105s. per cwt. .-= . Monday will long be remembered for its phenomenal heat, which was insuffer able in its intensity. - A: fierce hot wind, blew throughout the day. The heat .in Tallangatta was intensified toy' the: fact that largo bush-fires were burning.ion several of the hills close to tlie-. town. Old and infirm folks were quite ^pros trated by the enervatirig atmosphere, while several persons travelling on tlio roads were compelled to " camp," and to await the cool of the evening for the re sumption of their journeys. , That vera cious individual, the "oldest inhabitant," could not recollect another such a trying day in the history of the district: - Mon day was undoubtedly a very hot day, but Tuesday was a very good second. On Wednesday, however, the weather was tolerable. Newspaper reports show that phenomenal heat was general throughout Victoria and New South - Wales .on Monday. A big bush-fire has been raging: during the past week in the Norongong, 'Fernvale ancl Tatonga districts. Mr.-P. Nicholson, of- Double Gully, is a hea!vy loser, nearly aU. his grass being consumed, besides a large amount of fencing. iMr. Thwaites's loss is also considerable. - Mr. M. Haire, too, lost .about 200 . acres of grass, bub luckily his loss of fencing is small. The fire in this, neighbourhood was at its height on Monday, .both sides of the read being on fire; Several ; travellers, especially Mr. Haire, had a warm quarter of an hour in running Hie gauntlet of the fire. A iium- ,ber of settlers oil the other side of -the river — nptably!Mr. Pierce," who knocked- off shearing for the. purpose — lent willing assistance in.; keeping the lire within bounds. toT.wo culverts! on the Fernvale Road caught fire on Monday, but Road- riian Shanaiian succeeded, by dint of hard work, and ; night-watching, in saving tho . struetures from demolition. Tho fire was extending to Nooi'ongong on Wednesday, and the Tatonga ranges were still ablaze that night, although the tires were but faintly perceptible from the town, owing to tlie dense smoke in which the hills were enveloped. Bush-fires on a smaller scale have also been burning during the past few bays in the Bullioh ancl George's Greek districts. A good fall of rain at the present 'juncture would indeed toe a god send to the country at large. \'i Ab'.i' the: Tallangatta police Court on Wednesday, -before Messrs. Pcterkin, Carkeek and Jarman, J.'s.P., Constable Macclpriaict summoned "-Robert Card well for neglecting/to send his son Walter to school the required number of days (40) per quarter. = Prosecutor stated lie had been instructed by the Education Depart ment to institute proceedings. Defendant stated he had kept the boy at home, con sidering lie had very good cause for doing so. " He was nob satisfied with the way the boy was getting on. The lad was two years , in the second class, and, having passed therein, he was put into tho third, where, lie was kept for about two months. The master (Mr. Campbell) then pub him back to the second class. Defendant, not being satisfied with this, wrote to the teacher, who said that ho was afraid the boy would not pass in the third class, and so lie had been put back to the second. Defendant thereupon kept the boy at home, and personally gave liim instruction for six months. He could show tlie boy's written work if required. He liacl since sent the boy to school. At the time he commenced to keep the hoy at home, lie told the schoolmaster, who said lie. would notify the department. Prosecutor stated that, on the initiation of proceedings, defendant said he had a letter from the school-teacher, which he would produce. He had not done so, or prosecutor would have subpeenaed the teacher. Mr. Pcterldn said the case seemed to hinge on whether or nob de fendant notified the department of his intention to have the child privately edu cated. Prosecutor asked for an adjourn ment for the attendance of the school master.. .Case adjourned for a week. Henry Sullivan ancl Elizabeth Rollings (Granya) were similarly proceeded against. The Bench imposed a. fine of 5s. in each case, nonstable Macdohalcl charged Aaron Armstrong for driving' a cart without having painted; thereon name and resi dence of owneiv Fined Is. 