North-Eastern, Ensign PUBL'tisBID' A'T IriNS.Ai.hA. An Atstrausitsht Vaunpire.,. OxE of the ilost iimpoitant' questions' just now engaging Australasian notice is that of Colonial fedoiration. It 'was discussed at lengtli 'some tiine ag, in Sydney, ad, so much sei s it lipened since and found acceptance, thad most of thie.adjoining colonies lhavo hgreed to" adopt the scheme iiivolved ini it. ,Tlirouighl a combination of circum 'stances'? " hiefly political t:-;- how eve , o;:er wvhich local legislators have haid iio control, Victoria . lis ibot, done, imuch in regard to ,it, al thoughl it Ias ilways been one of the" leading taidoolv t of the moveOiienti But, in the course of a few weekls ;i7',", it will doubtless haldo iven constitu tional effect to its ims. In awordl, a measureo is now before the Legislature with that end in view. It is entitled the Federal Enabling Bill and is to be read a second time in Legislative Coin cil this evening. In fact it is. antici pated that it will be passed through all its, legislative stages to-moinrowr. night, especially is it is incotin,_ with so much approbatiou everybhere. As soon as it receives the filll r,'tifica tion of the Legislature, .andi thus he comes a Statute, a conference of Aus tralasian statesmen will be summoned, and the machinery of a"'Federal Parliament created. With that tlsh Australian colonies, or such of them as become linked by federal sympathy, will undergo a new change of life, since, by a motion of themselves, they desigi a;t new governmeintal functionl. As ia political innovation that, when it; be comes a reality, will assuredly be with out a parallel in Colonial history. How a Federal Parliament is cuncu lated to work has yet, of course, to be .seen.: As a sort of supreme govern mental force, of the people of the colonies interested, it will no doubt prove interesting, sinco its duty 'will be chiefly to adjust the anomalies of tariffs and of conflictingpublicintere-sts. But otherwise it must turn out to be a huge legislative svampire. It will suck more blood out of tlieColon'ial tax payer in order to sustain itself thli any other thing that hals yet been in stituted in politics. It could not be introdiced in a worse period of Aus tralasian history *than that through whichll the colonies are 'passing, and those who live to note the first decade of its life will no doubt think as we do now, when it is only on the eve of birth - namely, that it is 'iothing more nor less that the scheme of cun ning men who hope to live by a great exchequer and to sit with ease on tlhe backs of democratic asses. Thloiworld is going fast to brain-brmwn is making' the forfeit--and every realm of politics is populated thickly with rogiies. It is these individuals who are holding the reins of Government everywhere breaking the backs of simple-minded counmunities with taxation-and draw ing princely incomes for themselveos at the expense of the toiler and spinner.- In fine, national exclheqers are carca.ses for political rogues, in the guise of sapient rulers, to feast upon, and we shall be very sadly disap. pointed if this great federal scheme now so near consummation, and about which so many peoplreare. raving with preenus of joy, does'islt turn out to be a Governmental canker. Under certain limitations. it would no doubt Ibe a valuable ihstitution. lut .toe !snny political rogues are sure to get into it., Besides it is too big a thing for the circumstances of the colonies, and oil the wholeo appears destiined to hIocomio an JAustralasian vaunmpire. From reports to hanld fioim all partuls of the colony, we gather that tie rai. bits are asserting themselves again, and, being starvedl out of the hbills a Crown lands by dearth of grass, arnd driven fiomn the large stations by means of poison, they are postering the farmers. In the Coumlburni Valley tie rodents are especially nume IrOIis, and it was dcoided at a rocent represenitaive meeicting of furnmres, held at Taturn, to ttake concerted action to get rid of Ilo pilst. The average price paidl last mouth to milk supl)pliers at the Tungamahu Butter Faotory was 3,jid per gallon. The amounlt of milk purcihased uws 55,033 gallons. The total output for. the muonth was 22,589 lb of butter.. Recognising the utility of the.cor, His ;.Excellency tlie. Gover ?r is anxious to a iake that animal still furtier useful.' He Ihas intimated tomlIr Tavencier tlhat it is hiis intention to give imedals fo tllhe best dairy cow through the principal agricultural societies of the colony at their annual shows. T'ioe Minister of Agriculture is mnak. ing arrangements for tihooarirying out of the Governor's proposal.. Solmething approaclhing:l a cyclone visited Albury on Thulr'sday night, doing coansiderable destruction to )ro perti'y..' The .gable rndo of, at dancing hall, wherie a dance was. in progress, was blown, iii andi a mass of broken timbler bricks and mortar fell upon the loor, burding fouri youths beneath it. 'Sutanng to say, none of tlem Ius. tained serious injuries, lthouIgh one 1iaiillnel VWatson. iL'eliltilnedO l illa uncon. sciblls conllitiobi till the next nlorning. A inletisL?rioil inquhiry was' held at 'haddagiiiiiio eli h'Fidits' by )r Nichol si, J.P'., to ascrtlai "'t11he cause. of the sudden death of a child liniedll Myrtle. .CopeIanl anged: 11 months, d:'laughter of. 3 John Copemanl, of Raddaginaicio. Tlhe evi delceioft thel child'. father ewent to shosw dthltI'deceiised becaume illb with ldiirillcma ol. the 8th inst. but the parents did not attich 'ainsch, impor tance to the attack, attributing it t i teething. She, lhowevel, became worse. on Fridy, morning, and before' her father could get ready to "go to IBeli all ? fora doctor, she died. Hier hands ',? neehorhas become quite'cold two or three hours beforeiy-,ie na11il her 'eyes seemed to havIe 11nk i'int?tI' , l7r Nicholson gave itin aliis. oinioa- that the chirl died from diarhrloi, and .entered'a verdict to that effect. A. bush-lire at Black Dog Creek, near sRultherglen, caused considerable datnslla to farmers last week. Several lost mosat of their grass, be.sides fene ing, stLndillngtrops and lay, while one hadl 180 bags of wheat l de stroyed. In some cases the stripped grain was consumed oni the htirpaulins , prior to being put t elll'Olll stripper. At ii mncltiog of Mallce farmlers held : at Bircehip on Thursday, tie following reisolutibil, which wao ordered to ie forwarded to the Govern I mllt, ias passed :---"Thiat owing to the alnost total failure of thel wheat crops in this part of the colony, this nmeeting is f oplinlion that tile Govern 1 ienlt should take steps as early as possible to providle seed wlleat for thie illcoming seaslon, the cost of such seed to be a til?t charge onI tile ilcolillng t crops." The teams to represelnt te BIenalhl hire Brigadeo it tile' annual Fili ]Brigades' Denlonstratioi ini lMarch next were chlosen oil Friday last. Ill the ease of Hose and Reel Foiurs mulnl Engine ]Iourl's and 1 Thrlees two teallis were picked for each event, and the filnal choice will be nlmde between them tile week previous to tile demlon stration. The following are the 1tonins :--HTose.andI-t!ool ,ol : (No. 1). Richardson, ]tebbechii, Mills, A. E Reilly; (No. 2) Reynolds, Abbott, ]lyland, Cooke. H:lose aned llel Sixes: Richardson, ' Abbott, Mills, Rleilly, Cooke and Williamns. Hose and Reel I Eights: BIriggs, eynllolds, R.ebbechi, Alf. Hyland, Frisby, Reilly, Williams, Worrall. Engine Eights : Reilly (2), Mills, Hyland, Reynolds, Briggs, Wil lilams, Frisby. Engino Fonurs : (No. 1) Reilly, Rebbechi, Williams, Richanl son ; (No. 2) Wills, Ilyland, Abbott, Briggs. Engine Threes : (No. 1) Wills, Hyland, Cook; (No. 2) Reilly, 1 ]lRevolds, Frisby. Manual Engine Priactice : lBriggs, Reilly, Williamis (2), Mills, Hyland, RlIebbechi, and Richard f With ia view to ellcourage the ex port of dairy and other produce, the New South Wales Governinent lIes appointed it board of experts, whicih is now offering prizes for the list samples of exportable goods. One of these is a prize of £.50 for a butter ex hibit lt the next show of the New South Wales Royal Agricultural So ciety. The competition is open to all Sthe colonies, and each exhibit is to consist of not fewer than five boxes eacll of 5611) net -wenight. All exhilbits nllust he in tile llands of the secretary at least six weeks prior to the clay of judging, and will be stored in a re frigerating chlamber until the judging takes place. Entries close on the IlthI F'elblruary. It is hoped that some0 of tho Victorian factories, the managers of which priide themlselve on tlheir se Scellent butter, will take part, in the competition. Thile Tungamnah Shire Council, lit its last mileeting, dCetermined to get the Baithurst burr anl star thistle des tioyed thlroughout the shlire. The 11ooths for the Wintohn lind Benalll Races were sold on Sattilday. Tile pulilicanll's hoothl for tihe former was purclilascd by Mr G. Cherry, of the Star Rlotl, iHenalls West, for ,£;1 fit 1Ben Gouhll wl successfull in obtailling the rglht'to, sell fruit oni tle'coblise for thosil of .1l . The publlicantl' lootll I for' thle Bonalla race. brought ·. 15 IOs,. 1Mrs Skelton boeilg thel pll.chisir. A (1ow Wlleatt has beell discovered ill a cuirious nllnllierl Ias the folllowing will show. Mi' A. Cllilnt, fariICier, of Mleo I'Ulllhl, sljupplies ia N'trrandllrsc a journli with Itlloe following ilforllation:--'u 1891 Ih ni5ticed growing inl his ioy i'ears of CSexceptiollly good qualit whichll illluccd hlill t'o try aI excpen ilelt. ie gIatilereld l few of thl (l iiand extracteld anill ordilllry 2 lb til fal wlicih hlie plantal, with tle resuilt? 37 lb. Nelxt seasiln he pillltld thil o Ib with tile result of four bags. ' fourth year lie geot sutlicilent tl sow & iacres, which rturned llhim tiue and( l Illlf aligs to thile acre. 'flhe silt, If tile hirvest' ill Ilke lis owan dt, itriet is lan iverege us little over :2. Itags to the acrne A water failline tlureatened i?i M1allo wllereO tIlslik (i1d das illsr II givinlg out. The Wangiwatta CuoriisicL says' :. A roll-call ofthe namnes of thei residents of this. town. .and ddistrict-miiaiily young men-wholvo i migitted ' to West'ern Australia nt uilie s jio less thlu lity-seven.- This uinlsli; is i th'li Wester nu metropolis alone, ianditl nuh a jorit'y 'are doing well. .s i A. well-k.noli A.lbuii'y citizei. wiho wen?t to 'Vcst'iirn 'Aistirlii;i sol' two months ago wi'ites frotm ilrth, giving ing Ia very discouraging ireport of. thotusands of people in? t:he colony,, iand strongly cautioniug-,his friends, wlio ,iranged to wait fort lis report, from' going ove\r. %lj saLys= that the people fron the: other. colonies are iarriving in Perth at tthe rateoof 'a thousuand 'per week, 1nd tl ousamtls arc.. atrmping about 'the cointiy oi"Li nidling i?l thig. town, unallli ; to'i' i elyt lung ;to"', do. The only,.cltoluosopeoplellho says, svtio. can readily obtain eilploluiyritintre- do mestie seirvants anid harnuLidsi? :' Mliiy pcople are'siufflliii" tliO'gie aitestI jiaaid. ship owing:to the existing stat'-Sof Thel' iielliiies for thli Income ?tas; for tlihilyear 185 mjay siow.be oblitnied at variious oltlies tlih:sem as hlast year; and thd'.:i otiln's haiov tolbeo sent inon or biifore tio 3rd!f .'cbr'utiaiy next'. ; The6 iecord of rainfall for thei. year 1895 shlos te lo obEst for mniiy cears past viz, .i l. inlis.' AS4 coulpareli withi the yenli 189) it shows a fallint' off of 17 iielics-thitt )l?ea showiig 'a' fall of i1I iii'clies. iTaking dur normalI or asverag ; ritfuallf t :a 6 .iides j)tci nui'n, "lt9 at fiits sis defiieicy -'r aiot 9 inchesi.:l hi us a deficieniceyll be felt by the. farmier mand .graier, uilt by the itiiner esjiecially, durming th coming year .' , holding its annual ?aitlie iii tltiti tlid middle of next iontih. A bush-fire of serious proportions broke out oni the property of Mir Brien,. Wiiangandery, oin Wecidnesday Last. it swept everything Ibefore it, and lit one timei it .wIis thought that some houses would he billint down...Onl Thursday night the Orange Orove eu.'s surrounded by ire and s ie ul oknd con siderable dtunage would have been done but for tilhe fortunate chilnge which took . place in the weather. The rainfiil, though slight wits sull cient to check the progress of the flames and it. hias since been got unlder. A grealt deal- of grass hlils been des troyed and much funcing ruined. Mrs Jas.'-I. Peacock, nmother of the Ifon. A. J. . Peacock. Chief Secretary and Minister of Education, died at Creswick on Saturday. An interplelider case is listed for hearing to-day at the lenallia Court of Petty Sessions. The cause has airisen out of receint proceedings in Court of Petty Sessions, in which Thoimas Nice, administriitor of tllhe estate of Siamuel Nice, late of Swaupool, de ceased, obtained ii verdict against 'Win. -Mogford, licensee of the Mlount Pileisastlit 1-ote7l?nl; imltt- i.-uld f o-.r-?o. for use aid occupation of land .and premises. Complainantl at once issued i wrranllt of distress, and a lhorse, buggy and six headl of cattlo were seized in satisfaction of the verdict. This propertyhas beenclaiiiued bydefen dant's wife, and the magistrates will be asked to adjudicate upon the matter to-day. Tile weather o0n Sunday was of a very depressing kind, the dclay being the hottest experienced for sonimec years past. An extremely hot wind prevailed duringi the whole of the ctay, and its effect was enervating and prostrating in the ex treme. The thermometer at the local police station registered 110 degrees in the shadG at 20 minutes to 3 o'clock, while the islme telimpel?ltiure was showIn oin the glass at the railway station. The n:axiumn registered by the glass under the shade of a big tree in front of O'Callaglhan's Bcnalla Hotel was 100 degrees. Tile readings of Mhr VWulrml's instlumlnents awere :--9 a.lm., 100 deg.; 12 noon, 104 deg.; 3 p.im., 108 deg. , Yesterday an appreciable change ini templlerature took place, and though in the morning it was close and sultry, t blreeze spilliing up towards 2 o'clock, which cooled the atmosphere in a 'very short time. Yesterday's readings swere :--9.a.m., 92 dog. ; 12 noon, 9.1 dcg,; 2 p.nm., 95 dog.; I p.ru., 95 doeg. A corresponident, of tle Shopparton Airmyetrisli sends It riemedy for.lot.tly' in' horses as follows::-First take two quarts of now milk and one pint of molasses, and give the horlso, full amount; lifteeni minutes i fterwliards give two quarts of very warlm sago tell ; thirty minutes arfter tiei tel, give three ,pints of ourrior's oil. This should'bo enoughii to, operate "as physic. (l?ard iuhs been used when thio oil could not he oltained, with 'ilo siimo success.) Thie cure will bie comuplete, as the milk and imolassies ciruse teio lo', to 1lt go thelmir iold. Tue tea iuckrms thioi up, iand the oil . carri"es tihem cleoan away. If you hiave uny doubit, one trial cvill satisf'y you pe0rf'ctly. . if T't U ll cannot obtain tile currier's oil, substitute lard, aiddiing four' ounices of salt to it, and if itis not convenient to gettheo liird, don't leave your hoirse in pain unitil you kill a pig, but, ake two ihaindefull of salt, in' throee piits of wsarm warter, and give theo hoise tim wholo eontenlts. Thu same amounto will do for a cow. Tile Yarrawoong Cu?llnoelcL nsays: Mfr Andr'ew Broiwn, of Blaooga,N.S. WV.,has obtained Ia sploendidil harvest this y'sar. iHe owed 1,600 acres of wheat, froim whicih Ie oltalined ,i4, bags to the acro ll roltund, or somethi~fug'over 7,000 bags. As it only cost himi (by con tract) 15s an aelicr to put the crop in a-lt take it on; inclutling tim cost of sei, time hilr'vest will tul'n him in a small fortne. lie0 had nine strippors and it Inivesto.it t work taking thu crop on;, lnd tllhese, withl nuimlorouo temlns, presontudl a busy'. seioa of .ctivity dlurl'ig the h!rvosting. :i' '1t"ir.ymour police made iae very, cltiv?r arrest on Saturday. .norning. Two men; haviitg five horses with them,i wcdre noticed prcel; eding 'alobng the Sydn3ey road towards .Melbouiti~e, .lint instead of crossing.the river by ,neans of thie bridge (to do whichl theye would have had to puss through the tlionship of iSeymour)hemour)'thy; tu ned up) il: back latie, swit' thlir hoitses over the Goiitl burn; iand carefully avoidiing any of the miole used thoroulghfar'es near the town, camped adjacent t?Northwood.:' Thlii apllarent ihunning' of -public -observe. tion seemled in 'the. yes of thn, local constabulary ia suspicious circutmstalnce, so they determuitted to investigate tihe tmutter. 'pWith that object in tvice it detachment of the "footce" waited on the young fellows, who give 'their 'names. as .Thomas Finclhey atid Tohln Hanley, at their camnup "Uiis sitisfiactory answers were given in roe ply to questions, as to low tlhey enase iittu possession of the horses, one of which botre tle 'registered. bhritiid of. Collendina Stiition (New SoutlhVWales). On looking over tdhe young, fellows' kit, however, a discovery wats made \which led to their arrest. Iii their pososession was found ii:saddle, which' .wias reported liy the Ienialla'iolice :as li?tiigb-e~ inestoleiiflrom IMrc ,Williman Pace, farmri, of' W'arodnbitaye. IT appeart that ati son of Mri. :Pcec 'it tentdecd ser ice atitlthe Primitivte Metho dlist C'hrch at i addaginnie on the night of the 2otlh ult., leaving his horse tethered outside .the buildiig,. "1,Vhen lie rtuu:ilel _fln , lllr-hO fnoer" -tho ecnte?lehad been concluded lie found that the saddle had .been stolen. . In formation of the theft mas at'oncti given to the police. A dtay ort two after'wards a lad inamed-Thistleton' re ported to Mr Pace that he had seent a paittcheld-lp saddle in it sand pit atit ad dagiimiT., ..-This.,saddle, ,was found by. Constitlh e Shartiion' it the:siioti :idi etated, and lihas beeti idesi fied -a' the one used`: by~ot of the ' suspects itrrested at Smymour' h'lien thhey passed through Blenialli about two cweeks ago. The inference, therefore,,is obvious then fellow, htiviing:possessed himself of young ,Pace's saddle, disuposed of his own by leaving it in tile sand pit. l3oth theacetised.will be presented at the Seytmour Police Court this imoirn ing. The quantity of Victorian butter sent away .by the out-going steamer on Saturday wuas 250 tons. A neow idea in rabbit.extermination. A correspondent, writing in a recent issue of the 'AdE, suiggeStst to til Lands Department an infallible menas for "catching'' rabbits without means of poisonous drugs. His idea is to sprinkle apples with snuff and place them in the parts which rabbits fre quent. When" the rabbits smell the snluff the sudden effort to seeze " never fiils to break their necks," and in some cases have been known to make them tumble base over apeoi for a con siderable distance. A seven-year old son' of M?r Frank Henderson, . of Benalla, experi onced,a-narrow escape from drowning on Saturday. Mr IHenderson pro anised to take the little fellow for it swim and was proceeding to a hole in the river near the iron bridge for that purpose, whei lie met an acequaintaince and stopped to speak to himn for a wlhile. Tihe child ran on to the river, his faither calling out after him not to go into the water till lie himself arrived there. However, this in junction the child disregarded and, undressing himtself, jumped into the river' and waded out be yond his depth. Someone on the. bridge sa: 'the occurrence and 'called out:to Mr Henderson, who ran to the river only,'to see Itis'son sinlk fom view. lie immediately plunged in, and in it few moments took the boy out of the wauter. The chil was black in the face and was to all appearances dead, and some dilliculty wits experi enced in restoring animation.. How ever, after' about half-an-hour's exer tions Mr llenderson succeeded in bringing about resuscitation, and the child has now recovered fromi his mis adventure. A terrible storm visited Wangaratta last Thursday night. The wind. blew wildly and a heavy downpour of rain occurred. Du ing the progress of the stormt several accidents occurred. Th'' semaphore at the railway station waits lown down after the express passed through and traflic was blocked by the debris for some hours. A man named'Jolhn Daly Was struck by light ning and was taken, to the hospital. While Mo- Klemmn, i resident of El dorado, was driving hoioe from Wan garattta a largo tree was blown down and fell across his cart. ,ie escaped with it severe shock, but hiis horse was badly injured;. -The railway lines of the colony are being conducted at it loss of .£10,000 aiweek. .A' sketch of a very big mant ap pears in th Hini of Satitday. His inameo is ThIutias Longley, - i0 was born in Dover in. 1818, andt brought up in business asa butolOer. His weight is owt 2qr 51b (I4t stono); mueasurement -chest; 70 inches,; waiste, 83 inches; calf of leg, 26 inches, height, 6ft lin; and hlie issa well-oducated and itutelli gent man. Altlhough Ihis obositjr in creases year by year, hie is moderate in both eatitig nltd drinking and eVyovr touches mailt liquors; At last meeting of tihe Tuilgamahl Shire Council a motion wtas passed to the efiect that a re-valuation of tlhat municipality be undertakeon, tlhe fee for doing tlhe work being fixed at Accounts for the following persons awmit payment at the 'sub-Treasury, Beonalla :--on?tlit Watrtcworkls Trust, J. Foote, W. J'. Gray, G. Dodd, J. Knox, W. J.'. 'RV Wallace, Dr. Nichol son, N. Savage, G. Christian, S. A. Williams, E. Walsh, T. lReoyoltl. AItLIrac.t prevalentt aimong cattle on tihe Miurray hlhts near Albtiry. Tiuho.Beiialla St. Patrick's Day Sports ciimiC'tceuinetin itho Mclianics In stitute on Friday, night. Tlhere was a good attendancb, the cha ir; being occu pied by Mi'. II; Rickarby. , It was decided to-liold tle usual sports gatheri ing on the 17th March next. Thd fo' lowinr olliials. wereappointed for the eisuing, twelve1 montls:--President, iMt E. Shortell ; treasurer, the ?Very IlOe. cDean Davy; seclretary, Alr' :P. Tighei'. A prigeanmnie comminittee was next constituted, cosiisting of the president aid Messrs W\ illace; O'Oii-' liglhan, Findley, Hassett, ;Rickarby ndd C..'sViller, ;:io ;iore:to n1iet and :drIw up a'n.s'ortk 'progianimmo for pire ;entation ait next meeting. The fol *owing,concort committee was also ap. lointed-- lesars O'Halloran, 'Moodie, Spink, Tiglie, R. Cain aindr T. Hanlon: It was decided to run ra special train froi St. J:uesL to Benalll on the day. of'tho sports. . T'le secretary was in structed to apply to the Benalla Shire Council for tlih use of tho ground or tliý sports and the Shire-hall for the eoncerl. A nubscription list was ipened, and upwards of G30 collected n the roomn. ,Meessi's Gaitriey and alyring wero appointed collectors for lCnallal West, and Messrs lickarby and O'Halloran .for' Beinalla East. It vwas decided to call for tenders locally for tho piinting, necessary for tlhe :poits. The meeting tlhei adjourned lill tile 24th in t. , *. WVith.roference-to tihe, peculiar man ir" i-n which a travell:r named. Lyons lost last week, in it railway train, a hand-bag containing £417 in cash fnd vouchers (reported in our last issue), til Chiltern ST'rADAnD says : In consequence of tlie statements made by Lyons to Detective Dungey that ollicer aind Sergeant Siomcocks, of Clil tern, are instituting inquiries regard iilnh tlie .inatter, and "on Wedniesday last they seized about X500 worth of goods at Chiiltern,.the greater portion of whichl were .lying, at the Chiltern Railwdy station, and which were al leged to have been sold by Lyons. At present the clue to the solution of the dlificulty is very complicated, but it is expected that in tile course of a day or two'soime curious revelations will be made in connection witl tlhe case. Yesterday Miss Bird, eldest daugh ter of Mr F. A. Bird, of Nunn-street, Benalla, was united in wedlock to iMr Douglas Picard, who is well-known locally. The ceremony took place at Yarrawonga, and the happy couple in tend residing at Berriigan, New South "sValcs. A bush-fire broke out in Mr E. Grillitls' paddock on tlhe Kilfecra road on Sunday, and before it could be ex tinguished it had burnt 40 acres of grass and some fencing. The conflag ration is supposed to have been started by iin old couple who were known to have been camped in a hut in the pad dock, but who had only recently ab sconded, as, whlen the hIut was visited after the fire, tile remains of a freshly fried.meal of hasm an eggs were found in thlo fire-place,suggesting theiddnathat tIh pair had, while frying their nmeal, discovered that tiey lhad sot ire. to the grass, and thuit on making the disco veiy they had hastily decamped. 'Tlho usual monthly, meeting of the Bensalla Shire Council will lie hehl on Thursday, on which. dati also the annual nceeting, for the adoption of the auditors' report and balance- sleoet will take place.' ANTiprme.sMEx'N . lWhat is it? fAcLdst.j in preserving fruits, &c.;, save labor, timno and sugar by using ANTIFERUINc TIs.. 'To ,b had of J. W. jIItL storekeeper,' Caiirier-street Benalln. [Advt, . . 