Field and Garden. REMINDERS FOR JANUARY. Typical Australian summer weather has been ex- perienced all over the colony since our last remin- ders. Hot winds blew with great force, and the heat was very oppressive for several days. This has had a serious effect upon the herbage, and in some districts it is very much dried up. The timely rains in many parts of the country have improved matters somewhat, but a good, general rainfall would do an immense amount of good, not only to the pas- turage, but it would put water into the dams and watercourses, many of which need replenishing. Most of the wheat harvest has been gathered In, and the yield of grain is much heavier in some dis- tricts than the farmers expected. The earliest sown crops of the early-ripening varieties have given the best yields. On account of the dry weather most of the late sown crops were cut for hay. The exper- ience of the last harvest should convince farmers how necessary it is to sow early of early-ripening varieties, in order to secure a good wheat crop. Through these columns we have so often impressed this fact upon farmers that most of them have now come to our way of thinking. Those who still cling to the idea of late sowing rarely harvest a good crop, even in what may be termed a good season. Farmers who have stacks of hay or corn would do a wist thing if they ploughed the land for some dis- tance round them, which will, in a measure, protect them against any probable bush'fires. All veiy dry grass, too, should be cleared away from out-build- ings, so as to reduce the chances of a fire to a minimum. In the wheat-growing districts much straw is still left standing where the strippers have been at work, and in many places it certainly would pay to cut this with reapers, and stack it for .future contingencies. When cut into chaff and mixed with oats, crushed beans or peas, it makes tolerably good winter feed for stock. If the straw should not ba required, it would be advisable to carefully burn it off, and the ash would fertilise the land. In its present state much of the straw is a standing menace to both homestead and fencing should a bush fire take place, which is not an unlikely thing at this season of the year. Land that is intended to grow next year's wheat crop on, whether it be virgin soil, or land that has been under cultivation, should be broken up as soon as it is in a good workable condi- tion, so that it may receive the full benefit of the sun and atmospheric action. This will decompose any plant food that may be stored up in the soil, and render it more easy of assimilation by the crop. Land that is intended to grow the winter crop of potatoes on should now be worked, and enriched with manure if not naturally fertile. If situated near the sea, give the land a good dressing of seaweed, which will not* only act mechanically on the soil, but it will be a capital fertiliser for a potato crop. Seta may be planted at any time during the present month. Use whole potatoes rather than ones cut into sections for general cropping, and put them down quite Gin into the ground. On rich, well worked land, maize may now be planted for late crops, but not in those districts subject to early autumn frosts, where, however, it may still be planted for fodder purposes. Rape is a good winter forage crop to grow in the colder parts of the colony, and the seed may be sown at any time during the presnt month. If drilled in, which is the best, 21b of seed will be sufficient to sow an acre, but if sown broadcast, 41b or 51b of seed will be required to sow the same area. Field cabbage seed may now be sown to provide plants for successional cropping. The seeds should be sown in prepared beds, and when the seedlings are large enough to handle /transplant them during sho wery weather to land that has been brought to a fine tilth and well enriched with manure. Some of the best varieties for the dairy farmer are drumhead and Robinson's champion ox. Under liberal treatment the yield of these cabbages is enormous, and they make excellent feed for dairy cows during the winter. . Not only are they good feed, but no unpleasant flavor is im- parted to milk or butter. Two pounds of seed will be ample to sow to raise enough plants for an acre. Towards the end of the month turnips and swedes may be sown. To obtain heavy crops the land rnu-t be brought to fine tilth, and if not fertile it should bo well enriched with manure. Drill in the seed in rows 2ft apart at the rate of 41b of seed to the acre, and when the seedlings are well above ground, thin them out to about Oin apart in the rows. The young tobacco crop will require close attention; the lateral growths should be pinched out directly they make their appearance, and a sharp look out should be kept, for caterpillars, or they will be likely to do irreparable injury if not kept in check. The soil between the rows should be kept well-worked with the scarifier or hoe. This also applies to all advanc- ing crops. 