WEDNESDAY. Before the Police Magistrate. One defendant (first offence) was discharged with a caution. RIOTOUS CONDUCT, &C.; George Withers and James Wilson or Withers pleaded guilty to riotous conduct in Mundy-street. Withers, an old offender, was fined 20/, and confessing to no goods was sent to jail for fourteen days; Wilson, first offence, was fined 10/, in default was sent to jail for seven days. Wilson also pleaded guilty to using profane language, and was further fined 10/, in default seven days' imprisonment. CARELESS USE OF FIRE. Thomas Workman and Nicholas Windle, maintenance men, were summoned by Patrick Hefferan for the careless use of fire, whereby he lost fencing and grass. Mr. Gannon for complainant; Mr. Sendall for defendants. Complainant, a farmer at Gurrundah, de posed that on 24th October he saw Windle clearing part of the road between Kippilaw and Dalton, and firing some timber round a tree partly grubbed; two days previously witness saw Workman stacking timber and subsequently saw the heaps on fire on several occasions, day and night; he never saw de fendants looking after the fires; in conse quence of a fire spreading witness lost seven teen and a-half rods of fencing and a quantity of grass; he estimated his loss at £7. To Mr. Sendall: There were no bush-fires burning in the neighborhood at the time. William Heffernan of Gurrundah, farmer, deposed that he saw defendants burning off timber on the Kippilaw and Dalton road in October; on 17th of that month about six o'clock in the evening the fire were burning, and there was no one looking after them; it was windy at the time. Denis Foley of Gurrundah deposed that on 24th October he saw defendants trying to put out a fire in his paddock, which had spread from fires on the road; Workman told him his fence was on fire, and that it had not spread from the fires he and Windle lit burn ing off, but that it must have arisen from a fire lit to boil a billy; they failed to put the fire out, and it spread to Heffernan's. To the bench: Witness believes the fire in his fence occurred through the fires lit by defendants on the road. For the defence, Thoman Workman deposed that he had lit several small fires clearing the road; he never left the fires unextinguished, and he burnt the grass round for some ten or twelve yards; a traveller had told him of the fire in Foley's fence, and on that day there was no fire on the road; the fire in Foley's fence started about twenty chains from where witness and Windle were working; between 17th and 24th October they left no fires burning. To Mr. Gannon: Witness would not swear that he had thoroughly extinguished the fires each night, but they burnt off for ten or twelve yards around. Nicholas Windle deposed that the fires were not thoroughly extinguished each night between 17th and 24th October, but the ground around them was burned off and the fires were covered with dirt and he believed they could not spread; no fire was lit by witness or Workman on 24th October. To the bench: The fire in Foley's paddock was not connected with the fire on the road. Adam Webb, laborer, deposed that on 24th October he was on the road in question; defendants had no fire burning on the road that day; there were bushfires on both sides of the road. Charles Coane, resident engineer, deposed that the timber on the road was not very dense and a clearing could easily be made; the road on Foley's side had previously been cleared, and defendants were widening the road. Mr. Sendall argued that there was no proof of negligence, and that it was necessary for defendants to light fires in carrying out their work. Mr. Gannon replied, contending that pro tection must be given to landowners against their property being destroyed through care lessness. If road contractors took the easy method of burning off roads instead of clear ing them with an axe they must accept the responsibility attached. The defendants' own evidence showed they were guilty of negli gence. The Police Magistrate said he considered lighting of fires in the open-air in a windy district like this under any circumstances was a culpable act unless in such a place as it was impossible for the fire to spread. He believed the defendants had acted carelessly and fined them each £4 with 5/6 costs, and 21/- profes sional costs. Mr. Ellis here took his seat on the bench. HAWKERS LICENSE. A license was granted to J. M. Cameron of Goulburn. WAGES. John Stewart sued John Bryant for 10/- wages. Mr. Howard for complainant. Complainant, a groom, deposed that a former groom wished to be absent for a few days and agreed with witness to do the work from Tuesday week to Saturday evening; witness told Mr. Bryant of the agreement, and he said it was all right and gave him the keys; the groom told witness he was to have 10/. Defendant denied he ever engaged com plainant; he deposed that Stewart left with out giving notice, and that the wages he paid his groom were ?/. The Police Magistrate said he would make no order. Mr. Ellis thought Mr. Bryant ought to pay plaintiff for the work actually done,. Mr. Bryant said he would do this. 