SERIOUS FIRE AT LOUTH. A WIDOW BURNED OUT. Our correspondent having described the heat and gale on Sunday, says that "nothing could be done throughout the day to check the bush- fires, and the outcome of these must be very disastrous. The most damage would appear to have been done by a fire that started at the Swamp near the village settlement, which, in addition to a great deal of grass, burnt down a house owned by a settler named Dougall McCallum and a tent belonging to another man, which would go to show the rapidity of the flames. In fact they travelled along a almost an incredible pace, and quickly reached Louth Station, where, I really believe, not a single paddock escaped. Indeed it was only with the greatest difficulty and the help of a number of willing workers that the homestead was saved from destruction. In addition to grass and miles of fencing, it is feared that Mr. James Stewart must have lost a large number of sheep, no time being granted him to drive them to a safe place if, indeed a safe place was to be found. Mrs. Rochford, a widow residing near the station lost nearly everything she possessed, her house falling before the all de- vouring element, and much sympathy is ex- pressed for the poor woman. The fire also swept over Messrs, Jeitz's, Rentch's, Cameron's, Bunworth's and other farmers, burning a con- siderable number of sheep. Of these Mr. Jeitz lost 150in one mob. Mr. Bunworth's house had a very narrow escape, and all his out houses and machinery were destroyed. One could hardly tell where the head of the fire was, but it was making in the direction of Macarthur and ap- peared to be burning on Weerangourt and Knebsworth estates. Another fire could be seen burning in the forest near Condah, and a third near Mission Station, where a wide extent of grass, much fencing, and many wattle trees perished. Mr. Henry Gray had his bullock waggon and a load of posts burnt. To-day is nice and cool and the fires will likely be got under, but it will require a heavy fall of rain before all danger will be past. Messrs, McKinnon, Field, Malseed, Graham, Rundell, Carter and Looker were the chief sufferers, not foretting Mrs. Rochford. 