TOWN TALIv. The following news matter appears on the fourth pago of this issue:—Com* mercial, Steiglitz, The Saturday Night Concerts, Government Gazette, A Famous Parisian. Lord and Lady Brassey will visit Geelong on the 4th February proximo, and the various public and religious bodies in the town and district should take the opportunity of the first visit of His Excellency to this part of the colony to present addresses or otherwise pay their respects to him, and should intimate their intentions at once to the town clerk of Geelong. The schedules for Income Tax for the year 1895 may now be obtained at the various offices as last year, and as the returns have to bo sent in on or before the 3rd February noxt, there should be no time lost in the matter of filling up and forwarding them. The excursion steamers which left Melbourne yesterday were crowded by jaded city folk, to whom the blow upon the water was delight fully refreshing after the oppressive weather of the past few days. The Courier brought a largo number of people to Geelong, but many more made Portarlington their stopping place, and the majority of the passengers by the Edina, which was crowded, got ashore at the Bellariue gardens. The experience of those who spent the day upon the water was much more enjoyable than that of people on shore. During the week ended on Saturday 6221 bags of produce were brought to Geelong by railways, comprising:— Wheat, 37S2 bags ; flour, 775 do ; bran, 310 do ; pollard, 119 do; oats, 62 do; peas, 60 do ; potatoes, 191 do ; onions, 148 do ; chaff, 774 do. We regret to learn that Sergeant Commons is incapacitated by a sudden and serious attack of illness. Senior constable Caulfield is temporarily doing duty in his place at the central police station. A visit to Geelong was paid on Satur day by Mr Wood's team of cricketers from Newcastle, Now South Wales. In the afternoon they proceeded to the Osborne House cricket oval at North Geelong, where they engaged in a match against the Nondescripts club. The game, which proved an interesting ex hibition of cricketing skill, was witnessed by a very large number of spectators, among whom wore many ladies. The Nondescripts wore sent to the wickets first, and they held possession of them during the whole aftornoon, and when the stumps were drawn they had scored 194 runs for the loss of eight wickets. The pluy is to be resumed at 11.30 o'clock this forenoon. Yesterday the visitors were entertained at a picnic by the Nondescripts, the company, numbering about 30, proceeding to the " Willows," a picturesque spot on the Barwon river below the Breakwater. Some of the visitors were taken down stream in pleasure boats, but the majority of the picnickers proceeded to the "Willows" in a drag drawn by four horses, the hand ling of the "ribbons" beiug entrusted to Mr Neil Campbell. In the afternoon a visit was paid to the St. Alban's estate, the property of Mr W. R. Wilson, and the cricketers and their friends were shown through the extensive establish ment by Mr L. M'Donald, the manager of the estate. Wo are requested to state that the advertisement calling a meeting for to night re the Wednesday half-holiday was sent in error. The notice should have read that the Wednesday half-holiday will be held as usual on Wednesday next, the committee appointed lust week not having as yet completed their labors. Due notice will be given when the adjourned meeting is to bo held. Amongst the passengers hy the Courier yesterday was Harris, tljo chauipiou English cyclist, whose arrival caused quite a flutter amongst local wheelmen, who hope to see him tuke part in the meeting at the show grounds in connec tion with the opening of the new cycling track, which will bo completed within a weelc or two. A youth named Williams Stevens, aged IS years, who had been arrested near Meredith by Mounted-constable Row lings, was brought before the justices at the Geelong police court on Saturday morning charged with having stoleu a pair of boots valued at 10s Gd, the pro perly of Mr John Connelly, at Letli bridge. Sergeant M'Grcal prosecuted, and explained the circumstances leading to the accused's arrest. Mr Connolly, wl)o described himself as a " sort of a fanner at Lothbridge for uigli on -10 years," said that' oil Tuesday last the prisoner asked for wovk, and ho engaged him at 4s per- week, intending to keep hiu'i a fortnight. The hoy worked on Wednesday and Thursday, but on Fiidav 'morning when witness went into the kitchen he found that his hobmailed boots hud beep stolen. A search was made, aiid it wlis discovered that Steyens'liad also disappeared. Mr Connolly identified the boots produced as his property, and urged Messrs Baudall, Miles aud Dardel, jun., J's.Pi.'to take a j lenient view of the case, us ho thought i that Stevens was of weak intellect. The arresting constable gave evidence to the eftect that bo arrested Stovous near Meredith, and found the stolen boots in his swag. The magistrates decided to discbarge the accused with a caution, and afterwards ordered that 3s should bo given to Stevens out of the courthouse poor box to pay for bis passage to Mel bourne by the steamer. This week the cricketing team known as the Bohomiaus in tho metropolis will start ou their annual cricketing tour. They will leave Melbourne next Wed nesday by the 10.05 a.m. train for Gce j long. The Bohemians will play tho Nondescripts on tho loth and 10th, and at StawolllTtb, Hamilton 20th and 21st, Warriiambool 22nd, Camperdown 23rd and 24th, Colac 25th insts. On Saturday forenoon a sailor youth named Sidney Inman was again brought before the magistrates at the Geelong police court, charged with having be- haved in an insulting manner in a public place. Constable Gardiner, who had arrested the young man on Thursday evening, repeated the evidence given on the previous day, which led to the case being adjourned for the attendance of the young women whom the constable asserted had been insulted. The con- stable stated that Inman had attempted to catch hold of the leg of a young woman named Fanny Collins, who ran on to the street to avoid the accused; afterwards Inman pushed her over a box on the footpath, and then endeavored to snatch something from her waist. The girls, Fanny Collins aud Maria Middle- ton, were called to give evidence in support of the charge, but Sergeant M'Greal, the prosecuting officer, found that the witnesses were all in favor of the prisoner. Miss Collins flatly con- tradicted the constable, and said that Inman's attentions to her were altogether friendly, that the young man was not rude, and that she had known him for twelve months. She explained that her reason for leaving the foot path in Moora- bool-street was to avoid some persons she was meeting, and that Inman did not try to grasp her by the leg. Miss Maria Middleton gave similar evidence, and added that the prisoner merely tried to snatch a handkerchief which was in Miss Collins' belt. The accused also corro- borated that statement, and indignantly denied having been rude to the girls. The magistrates decided to discharge the prisoner, but told him that when walk- ing the public streets he must conduct himself properly. It was not found necessary on Satur- day morning to hold any magisterial inquiry as to the cause of the death of the boy Morgan which occurred on board the steamer Edina on Friday afternoon when the vessel was on the way to Gee- long from Melbourne. The death of the boy was reported to Dr. A'Beckett, of St. Kilda, who had been attending the little fellow, and that gentleman at once sent a certificate to the effect that the cause of death was debility and exhaust- tion. Last Friday evening a terrific thunder storm broke over the Steiglitz district, aud in less than ah hour the rainfall registration amounted to half an inch. During the storm the chimney of the State school was struck by lightning, and fell with a crash on to tho roof of tho building. The rain which fell had tho effect of extinguishing all the bushfires in the Steiglitz and Brisbane ranges. It is estimated that tbo losses sustained by tho mining companies and miners by the recent fires will be about £15,000. The Lara district was ou Friday even ing, about half-past 7 o'clock, visited by a vcry severe thunderstorm. The light ning was vivid aud dangerous, and the smart peals of thunder were of an alarm ing description. There was a heavy fall of rain for about 20 minutes, during which time the rain gau-re at Mr Fair bairn's homestead registered 31 points of an inch, making a total rainfall at Lara of 43 points from the 1st to the 10th inst. Tho district roads ill many places were Hooded to the depth of over a foot, and some damage was caused by the escaping Two persons having widely different opinions regarding the advantage;; _o prison life were brought /before the justices at the Geelong police court- on Saturday . forenoon. Thomas >ewc"s. a wed SS years, who had voluntarily left the benevolent asylum because, as lie stated, the treatment there was not as good as lie required, begged to be sent to the the prison 011 account of tlic homo com forts obtainable there. The police then charged liiui with vagrancy, and the magistrates sentenced the old fellow to six months' imprisonment. A woman named Ellen Phillips, aged 00 years', was charged by Constable Poland of bouth Geelong, with drunkenness and vagrancy , and she made ail urgent appeal to be lot off " just once again " for another chance. The constable stated that the woman was j a perfect nuisance in South Geelong. and 1 in the interests of the public she ought to be sent to gaol. The mention of the gaol fairly staggered jMvs Phillips, \yho 1J,°" tested that prison life was very distasteful to her. but the magistrates intimated I that tlioy would sentence lier to six months' imprisonment, and she bad to be almost carried out of the dock by a | stalwart constable. , A slight disturbance was occasioned | last evening in front of the Exhibition Buildings by four young men who were settling some misunderstanding by forco of anus, when Constable Gardiner ap peared upon the seoue. The appearance of the gleaming helmet was followed by an immediate dispersal, but one of the combatants was captured and taken to the lockup. He explained that when walking down the street with his best who bad escaped. Words led to blows, and a general scrimmage followed, the odds being very much against, liiui when the constable appeared, owing to the fact that lie had to defend himself against three assailants. The young fellow was liberated after bis name and address bad been taken, with a view to further in quiries. | A severe storm visited Portarlington on Friday evening, the rainfall being re- markably heavy during the time that it continued, doing a good deal of damage to the roads. The lightning was of the most vivid description and the thunder was terrific. Is was evidently the fringe of the storm which passed over Mel- bourne, for nothing of the kind was experienced at Drysdale, and at Paywit the effects of the disturbance were but slightly felt. Among other causes affected by commercial depression and the scanty harvest yield are the marine pursuits. The ships just now visiting our ports are almost nil. This greatly affects the Sailors' Rest that was established in Corio street, and was so largely availed of by the number of seamen 0n our shores, but this season has not been so successful as last, and in consequence of the absence of seamen the committee managing the Sailors' Rest have decided to suspend operations for the present, intending to re-open when circumstances shall again justify them so doing. The committee desire heartily to thank all those who have by donations and otherwise ren dered valuable assistance to the success ful undertaking of so laudable an object, and could those who have thus helped read the many pleasing letters received from persons who attended last year, re turning thanks for consideration shown, they, as well as the committee, would rest assured that their labors were not in vain, but that the "bread cast upon the waters would return." The highest reported yields of wheat in the Tullygaroopne district are 3.V bags per acre, of barley OA bags, and of oats 5 bags. Half a dozen instances would cover all such yield's, however, and the areas a fleeted so favorably bear insig nificant proportion to the aggregate area sown, and which should form the basts of a correct estimate. Upon this basis wheat would average about 3 bushels, oats 11 bushels, mid barley about 5 bushels for thearea sown, but upon the area harvested the yields would show an advanco of 20 to 25 per cent. An unpleasant Christmas-box received by a vanman named James Martin at the hands of John and Gus. Martini, rival vanmen, formed the subject of proceed ings in the Geelong police court last Saturday morning. The brothers Martini were charged with having unlawfully assaulted Martin, for whom Mr Finn appeared, whilst Mr Bowman appeared for the defendants. The complainant stated that between 1 and 2 p.m. on Christmas eve John Martini used bad language to him and placed his fingers to his nose, then when he (Martin) remon strated with him Martini rushed at and struck him whilst eo was seated in his van. When he endeavored to defend himself Gus. Martini came up, and with his brother John gave him a severe beat ing. He had not given the Martinis any provocation whatever. In reply to Mr Bowman, the complainant stated that he was not on speak ing terms with John Martini, but he denied ever having said that he would endeavor to run the Martinis off the van stand. George Cuttriss, a van driver, gave evidence of a corroborative character, and added that early in the forenoon of Christmas Eve, when John Martini visited the van stand, he said to witness, " We'll have a merry Christmas; you will see some fun before the day is out; I have two persons to ' deal' with here to-day." John M'Farlauc deposed to having witnessed the assault, which was of a violent description. For the defence John Martini deposed that Martin was vexed because he (Martini) had obtained two or three small jobs on Christmas Eve, aud made faces at him. That was why he (Martini) struck the complainant; after they had four or five rounds his brother Gus separated them. Gus Martini gave corroborative evidence, and said that he did not strike Martin until Martin had twice hit him in the face. The justices dismissed the case as against Gus Martini because there was a doubt as to the assault, but they fined John Martini £2 and £1 6s costs, or 14 days' imprisonment, as it was a pre meditated assault. The female employes of Mosswhite's tobacco factory and their friends, to the number of about 150, had a picnic at the Bellarine gardens on Saturday afternoon. The pleasure seekers, who came down from Melbourne in the steamer Edina, were a most ladylike company, their appearance aud general deportment being very favorably' commented upon by visitors to the gardens. They apparently enjoyed themselves to their hearts' con tent, and left for Melbourne by the Edina at 5 o'clock. The gardens are in fine order, and the opportunities for enjoyment placed at the disposal of large bodies of holiday makers are be coming more generally recognised. Entries closed on Saturday afternoon for the handicap pigeon shooting match to take place next Wednesday in the Friendly Societies' reserve, adjoining the Eastern Park. Thirty - three persons were nominated, and as each is entitled to a double entry it is expected that the competition for the £1!) prize will be a keen one. The limit is seven birds each, aud the handicaps range from 21yds to 27yds. It is understood that arrangements have been made by the stewards of the Geelong Facing Club for the use of Mr Johnson's starting gate in throe of the racing events on the racecourse at Mar sballtown, on Saturday, 1st February. A narrow escape from a serious acci dent was experienced about midday on Saturday by a young man employed as driver for Messrs Cotton and Hill, of Moorabool-strcet. When oil one of the rounds the cap of the axle of the front off wheel of the vehicle he was driving worked off, aud the wheel followed suit, allowing the waggonette to fall . to one side. The wheel continued its journey for a con siderable distance and then rolled into the gutter, and the driver, who, fortu nately, had a firm foothold against the front of the conveyance, managed to keep his seat-' and escape injury. He suc ceeded in pulling the horse into the sand at the side of the road, but not before it had travelled about 100 yards. After a futile search for the missing cap, the wheel was fixed on temporarily aud the damaged vehicle removed for repairs. The young woman Maggie Butler who fell through a skylight at the Prince of "Wales Hotel oil Friday, still lies in a precarious state in the hospital. It is feared that she has sustained very serious internal injury. At one o'clock this morn ing the hospital authorities reported Miss Butler was much worse, aud" there was very little hope for iier recovery. Tile follow!.,..- ivir;t.f '• Church of England Messenger " will interest ii large number of persons in this district:—" ,-Vt :i meeting of the Hoard of Patronage at the Cathedral Buildings, on Thursday, ibid inst., the Rev. J. C. Love was unanimously elected to the iucuni* boncy of Christ Church, Brunswick, vacant by the resignation of the Rev. C. P. M. llardin. who has accepted the office of chaplain of penal establishments. The Rev. j\Ir Love has held at various times in the diocese the incumbencies of All Saints' Geelong, Lome, and Balwyn. lie is an excellent parish worker, ener* getio in spirit and conciliatory in temper, and has been most successful in his pre paration of teachers and scholars for the Sunday-school Association examinations. We think that the parishioners of Bruns wick are to be congratulated 011 the appointment." The Cuniiigliamo coirespondent of flic " Bairnsdalu Courier" of Friday says:— " An old man named Ross, who had tho contract for lighting the lamp 011 the stone barrier, at Lakes Entrance, was seen relighting 0110 at nine o'clock on J Wednesday night. He had to use a diugy 1 to get to the light, and it is supposed lie has gone out to sea and got drowned, as lie has not been seen since then. At tho hour named there was a strong breeze blowing, with a rough sea, and the tide running out very strongly. The man was almost helpless, and his boat was in bad condition, so there is hardly any probability that lie lias escaped drowning His month's pay came for him the day before, and he told tho paymaster that he would be sure to come for it on Thursday morning, but never came." - A cablegram t o tlio " Age," under date London. 10th January, says : " A serious mutiny, it has transpired, recently oc curred" 011 hoard tho Russian armored war ship Rurik, 10,000 tons, while lying ill an Algerian harbor. The outbreak, which was due to the cruelty of the Eurilc's boatswain towards the crew, was suppressed with the aid of French troops from tho shore, hut not before the boat swain had been killed by tho men over whom he had tyrannised. Fifty mem bers of the Rurik's crew have been sent in chains to Cronstadt, the Russian naval station and fort near St. Petersburg, as a punishment for their mutiny." A letter has been received 111 Adelaide from Paraguay stating that at the time of desuateii Mr Lane, the founder of the " Hew Australia " settlement, was lying dangerously ill of inflammation of the bowels. A telegram from Lilydalo says:—"A :ase of snakebite occurred at Reefton ■Thursday. A resident named M'Cuilagh ivas engaged harvesting when lie was bitten on the thumb and forefinger of the left hand. He at once cnt out tlio ift'ected parts, sucked the wound, a\id irocceded to liis home. Arrived, these he poured gunpowder 011 the bitten portions md exploded it, thereby shattering .hew., xie was then brought to Lilydale md treated by Dr Syiue. Latest accounts ire tlint M'Cullagh is doing well." In theso times when the d'dly. papers ' :eam with incidents or the cupidity aud J ivarico of many folks, it is refreshing to plate on record any net of honesty hoT ■ over slight it may prove to be. Ith come to our knowledge that an act f particular integrity occurred on Satiml ; lust, whereby a well-known farmer wY ■ fortunate in having restored to him a stm" of money he had lost some six week™ . „,.v weeus' j since. The money, which consisted 0f I five cue pound Bank of Australasia notes ; was found By Mr Johr. Marion, an l employe at Humble and Nicholson's . Vulcan foundry, and he at once sot I actively about to learn who was the ) rightful owner. Diligent inquiries proved i to be fruitful, and alter a six weeks i estrangement between the money and i the farmer restoration as above stated ! was made, to the unqualineddelight of the agriculturist, who announced that he had given up all hopes of ever seeing the j money again, and who, in paying a i merited tribute to Mr Marion's honesty, also bestowed a fitting acknowledgment ! of the act. A crop ot barley owned by Mr a. j Gillies, of Glenormiston, near Cainper I down, yielded the excellent return of m; | bushels to the acre, whilst another crop I in the same locality, owned by Mr Val ' lace, gave a return of over GO bushels an acre. | Arrangements have been made by | which the scholars attending the Sunday schools associated with St. Andrew's j Kirk, St. -John's and Ebenezer Preshy | teriun Churches, at ISallarat, will hold a combined excursion to Qucensclilf and | Sorrento. The date fixed for the excur sion to the seaside watering places is Friday, 7th February. " The St. Paul's Parish Paper " is the name of the latest addition to newspaper literature in Goolong. Despite its limited j size it contains a lot of information of interest to parishioners of St. Paul's, and is well printed by Mr Mercer, of Malmx street. "We extract the following "'news items frorn its columns It is possible that the Bishop of Biverina may visit Geelong during the month. He ^ I his way from England in the Massiliu which is shortly due. He has promised to Visit the incumbent, and it is liopedhe will preach during his stay. He is to be installed at Hay 011 Monday, Hth February." 'MVejire very ' sorry t0 j- sorry to announce that Mr Coombes, for iuauy years an efficient member of St. Paul's I church choir, leaves Geelong this week for South Africa. The incumheut invited Sir Coombes and bis fellow cboirtneii to the I parsonage ou Thursday evening, when good-bye was said, and many good wishes expressed. By the same steamer Mr J. Neville also goes to South Africa," At the hospital yesterday two accident cases received treatment. The first was that of Percy Blair, aged 22 years, of Pakington-street, Geelong Vest, who was taking a horse to water in the morning, when the animal fell on him, causing laceration of the face. Percy IValthi, 15 years of age, also of Geelong Vest, was chopping wood with an axe, when a piece Hew up and struck him in the forehead, causing a severe wound. A meeting of the Geelong Cycle Club will be held at the Kaleigh cycling depot at S o'clock this evening. This month'a " Church of England Messenger" says'.—"Ve congratulate the Geelong Grammar School council on the selection they have made of a suc cessor to their late admirable head master. Vitli such a field, indeed, as they had to choose from, they would have found it impossible to have made a bad choice. Five or six at least of the can didates for the vanoaney were gentlemen who had shown themselves fully qualified for the conduct of a high-class public school. But Mr Brucebridge Vilson was a mnn with certain gifts of his own, which largely contributed to gain for the school the unique place which it has held among the educational institutions of I Australia. The successor might have been an even abler teaeher anil scholar, and yet, for want of the same gifts, have tailed to maintain the reputation of the school at the high level at which Mr Vilson left it. In Mr Lindon we believe that the school has found a master iu every way fitted for carrying 011 the school 011 its old lines—it may bo oven to higher eminence. A high-class Cambridge scholar, equal to taking any fonniu classics, mathematics, modern languages, or English and history—an athlete, such as boys love their masters to he—he is described by all whoknowliimaseaiphati callv a boy's master, a master whom hoys at once see that they can respect and trust, and we believe that the ovation which lie received from his future pupils at the breaking-up of the school meant that, with the true instinct of schoolboys, . they had made this discovery for them selves, and were rejoicing over it after their manner. In the interest of the diocese, as well as for old associations' sake, we wish great success to Mr Lindon iu his new sphere of labor." A peculiar case of highway robbery was detailed at the Colerainc police court 011 \\\ ednesday. A young man waned Thomas Gallagher on Christmas Day stuck up two vehicles, both driven bv ladies. Ho stopped tbe horses, and demanded in each case " Your money or your life ! " The occupants wero terrified. aiul the driver of the first vehicle threw him 2s 2d, hoping to quiotcu him. After considerable difficulty the ladies iu charge of the reins watched their oppor tunities ami dashed away from the high wayman. Tie was soon arrested, ami :u court declared that he could remember nothing of his Christmas Day experiences. The charge of demanding money by menaces was withdrawn aiul two others substituted, viz., robbing Mrs Youugof 2s 2d and having no visible means of support. On the first charge he was sentenced to three months' imprisonment and on the second to nine months', the terms to be cumulative. Mouuted Coustablo Ryan, of Apollo Bay, and Mr AY. Cawood had a narrow escape from being killed at about one o'clock on Monday morning last. The great heat of Sunday and the high wind made matters pretty warm for the resb dents of Apollo Bay, as the hush fires came right up to the border of the town. Messrs Ryan and Cawood (says the " Reformer,") were on duty watching the fires at the l'.our mentioned, and were sitting closo to a burning tree which had fallen., the morning beiug rather cold, when the last-named dozed off, leaning his head against a stump. A largo tree wasjburuing close by, and with great suddenness a huge limb from this came crashing down. Constable Ryan, bearing the noise, called loudly to his friend, at the same time making off Down came the limb, and struck upon the very spot where Mr Cawood a second before had his head. He escaped without injury, but a portion of the timber struck the constable on the back of tliej neck, inflicting, fortunately, only a minor injury. A peculiar development has taken place at T'allygarooi ma recently in connection with the use of amber cane as fodder. Mr E. Clienliall, of Kurpool. on (Saturday turned nine of his dairy cattle into a crop of this fodder and before half an hour hud elapsed they came off showing symptons of poison and died very quickly. The stomachs of the dead animals were examined and found tci contain only about two cm ihrco ounces of masti cated stalk, but there was uothingto reveal the cause of death to anyone uot a professional. Amber cane has been relied upon very much for fodder by the Tallygaroopna dairymen and hitherto it has proved useful, but tin's year it has led to the death of numbers of cattle from some unexplained reason. On Saturday- afternoon a rent of about lin occurred in the boiler of thr, paddle stoavoor Kennedy, trading be! wen Port Adelaide and Yorko's Petuasular, when the vessel was about t-i miles hot" Ardrossan.. All the water which the boiler contained was soon lost, and the Kennedy (Riftedin,St.Vincent's Gulf nntil Tuesday morning,, when the steamer Defiance picked her up, and towed her to Port Adelaide undamaged. The crew, who numbered eight, ate the last of the provisions on Sunday mar rung and uvmi arrival iu port had subsisted on boiled wheat. Some time haul; Mr Kingston, the Premier of South Australia, wrote to the I Premier of New Smith Wales (Mr Heir)), drawing attention to the fact that the colonies were permitted to come within the treaty between Great Britain and Japan should they decide to do so within . a certain date, and asking Mr lteid's concurrence to the holding of a con ference of representatives of the various Australian Governments to consider the question. Mr lleid has since replied ap proving of the proposed conference, and leaving the olhor colonies to fix the date of the gathering, stipulating, however, tiiat it shall meet in Sydney. It is probable that the meeting will he held 011 the 14th inst. Efforts are being put forth to make the fortieth anniversary of municipal govern ment in Ballarat a thoroughly historical gathering. Invitations (says the " Bal larat Star") have been issued to the Premier, the Speaker of the Assembly, Die Presidentof the Council, the Mayorsof Melbourne awlGoolong, and the president of the Melbourne Old Colonists"' Associa tion to join in the festivities 011 Friday next. Bannerettes—a small edition of the Australian- flag, with the dates under the Southern Cross—will bo used to separate the old pioneers into four classes in the procession namely, 1S40 to 1S4I1, 1850 to 1852; 1852 to 1855, and 1856 to 1S5D. - | Mr J. N.. M'Arthur.- of Lauronny, Caramut, has - decided to contest the Villiers and Hoytcsbury seat that,will bo rendered vacant by the retirement of Mr Scott, M.L.A. Mr M'Arthur" is a mem ber of a family well known throughout the district, and his unquestionable ability and popularity will ensure for him a largo amount of support. The young men of Ballarat are making a fair response to the call of the oflieer commanding the Ballarat Battalion for recruits; and, ;quti~,6f,i(tljo riifty nicu wanted, twenty-two have, so far, been enrolled. There are still vacancies for thirty recruits. - ' Correspondents sending paragraphs for this column relating to Societies. Church Unions, Lodges, etc., will please observe that no an nouncements of events to htkc place are admis sible in such paragraphs unless they refer to an advertisement in another part of the papcr. Considerable interest was manifested on Friday evening when the members of tho Good Templar lodges met by invitation from the Pride of tho West Lodge in their usual place of meeting, viz., United Methodist schoolroom, Pukingtou* street. A debate," Which has the greatest inllucnce, love, fame or money," was entered into with very great spirit, each lodge having prepared their subjects with the in tention of proving by facts and figures, that tho particular subject allotted to them was infinitely more beneficial than the others. The debate was splendidly maintained throughout and listened to with eagerness' by those not participating. An enjoyable evening was spent, and the visitors and debaters sincerely thanked, then the meeting was closed in tho , customary manner by the chief templar. (But the question is stilt left unanswered, " Which i has the greatest influence,-'Love,'fame, or i moDe3'^,,, Arc these young United Methodists ! afraid to reveal the secret?—Ed. " G.A.") . | The schools in connection with,All'Saints, Christ Church and St. Matthew's churches will ! journey to Ballarat to-morrowv A special train | will leave Gcelong at 7.'15 a.m., and return i from Ballarat at G p.m. . I The ratepayers' and gcueral lists ! of the I following districts arc ready, for * inspection : i Electoral district of Geelong, Kardinia divi- | sion ; electoral district of Grant, Peak;and Lara divisions ; South-Western Province, Winchcl sca division. '•' . ' - Paterfamilias will not welcome the notifica tion that the Master Bakers have agreed to raise the price of bread to Gd per large loaf, which will take effect from to-da}% and ap plies to the boroughs as well as the town. ■ The whole of the plant, machinery, etc.,\of the late Monarch Company No- Liability mine at Frenchman's Gully, near Corindlwp, will be put up b}T auction on Thursday, 23rd' inst.,: at 12 o'clock, on the claim, by Messrs Broken shire and Coltman. auctioneers. V. Mr W. Gurr will sell by auction tliis .jnorn ing, at 11.30, a billiard table, safety bicycle, a quantity of books, also household furniture andr effects. - 