THE WITH WCICH IS INCORPORATED ch e harragnI gies. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 30th, 1896. The usual fortnightly meeting of the A.N.A was held in the Athenoum on Tuesday night, when there was a fair attendance of members present. Correspondence was received from the A.N.A. Fete Committee giving particulars of Annual Celebration to be held on Founda tion Day, the profits of .iwhich 'are to hbe devoted to the Metropolitan and country hospitals and public charties. Three candi dates were proposed for membership as benefit members. It was decided to ask Mr. Hillard to read his paper on " Shiels' Divorce Act," on November 24th, the arrangements for which beingleft in the hands of the committee It was also decided to hold a Progressive Euchre Party in the Shire-hall on Tuesday night, 10th November, the committee bein empowered to take the matter in hand and make all arrangements to ensure a successful evening. At St. Ita's Church, Drouin, on Sunday morning, the Rev. Father Hallinan said it gave him great pleasure to state that the bazaar had been an eminent success, the I anticipations of the most sanguine being more than fulfilled. The bazaar was for a good cause, namely, in aid of the Presbytery and Church, and it was indeed gratifying to see it ternminate with such satisfactory results. ' Its success, too, had done credit to the Catholics of the district, and it showed the great energy displayed on their part when I assisting the cause of their noble religion. The Catholic fafth has been well-maintained in Australia, the more particularly in remote Gippsland where everything was done to urther its progress. Flax growers in the Bairnsdale district are crying out because of the delay of the Govern ment in paying the acreage bonus. Locally the growers are better off. Most of them have received their State reward. Electoral Rights must be taken out before the let of December next. Mr. G. C. Nicholson, dentist, visits Warra gul on the 0th of next month. The first load of timber from Bignall's mills at Allambee was brought into Yarragon a few days ago, and consigned to Melbourne by railway. There is also a good business in palings being done in that locality at present, and a couple of teams are kept engaged carting them to the station. The continuation of the dry weather has resulted in starting a number of bushfires in the local districts. Yesterday all the country around Warragul was enveloped in smoke. Winm. Hamilton and Co. announce an important clearing sale for Mr. Morrison' Bargrove, Sea View, and from the details given elsewhere, it will be seen that a large quantity of splendid stock is. to be offered, in addition to dairying utensils, and the whole of the household furniture. The bazaar held at Moe in aid of the Catholic Church and Presbytery was opened on Tuesday night by Dr. Lloyd, President of the Shire, and resulted in a very satisfactory I financial success. After enduring an invalided existence for many years past, Mrs. Cunningham, wife of Mr. R. Cunningham, died at her residence, Queen-street, Warragul, on Tuesday last, and the remains were interred in the general cemetery on the following day. The Rev. W. Parkes officiated, and a number of beautiful wreaths were placed on the coffin. Messrs. Langdon and Penney satisfactorily carried out the arrangements. \V, D. Leslie and Co's new price list for the season, will be found in our advertising columns.. Mr. John Manning as will be seen from his advertisement, opens his new butchering business in Smith-street to-morrow. A correspondent inquires why the Rail way department does not have more excur sions for school children. The commissioner points out that tue department is prepared at any time to arrange for the carriage of school children at exceptionally low rates, provided a guarantee of 10s per mile is given, with a minimum of £6 for 12 miles. The rates are 12 miles for ld. per child, 25 miles for 9d., and ld. for every additional five miles. One teacher is allowed to every 10 children at the senior scholar rate, and additional teachers may travel at the regular holiday excursion fares. A cable message from the Rev. Dr. Paton's British committee informs him that it has received a donation of £1,000 to help to build a new Dayspring, to take the place of tile wrecked one, if the churches interested agree to build another. The Right Rev. Frederick Temple, Bishop, of London, has been appointed. Archbishop of Canterbury and Primate of All England, in succession to the late Right Rev. Dr, Benson. The secretary of the Bairnsdale oil seed industry has.recelved the following further communication from Mr. A. M'Leant, M.L.A., with reference to the non-payment of the long overdue bonus:-I had another interview with Mr. Taverner on Wednesday night in reference to the delay in payment of bonuses, and received this wire from him, " Referring to the interview re bonus delay, caused by the Crown law department not fixing up regulations, am urging them on In view of past experiences, however, I shall keep the matter continuously under notics until it is settled." The new classification of goods freights on the railways will come into operation on Monday next. In connection with this revision a new system of consignment has been adopted, doing away with the four forms now in use and substituting one which will combine several purposes particularly with regard to the signature of bonds as to owners' or carriers' risk. Some merchants prefer, for purposes of checking, to use their own consignment notes which the department will acknowledge, subject to the signature of a general indemnity form. An application has been made to the Minister of IRailways by the Commissioners for an expenditure of £45,000 to equip the remainder of the goods trucks with the Westinghouse brake. The Minister states that so far as he has considered the matter, the representations accompanying the pro posal do not contain sufliciently detailed information to show him whether the ex pendituro is expedient. The Australian hares shipped by the R. M.S. Oroya hae arrived in excellent con dition, and have sold at 2s. 6, apiece. At Yarram last week the annual installation ceremnony was performed in the Alberton Lodge of Freemasons. by Past master Bro. J. II, Hill, who installed Senior WardenBro. W. G. Pope as WYorshipful Master for the ensuing year. 