IN THE COUNTRY. THE CROPS LOOKING FRESH AND GREEN. ADAMINABY, Monday.— Nineteen points of rain fell lust night. Tlie weuther is windy and very cold. BOUUKE, Monday.— Yesterday, the temperature readi ed 107 degrees in the shade. Four points of ruin fell last night, and it is cooler to-day. Rain is reported from Velman (28 points), Boggabilla (4 nolnts). Louth (.' points), Tilpa (10 points), Wilcunnia (10 points), Bur- ringun (3 points), Enngonia (1 points), Gongolgon (5 points), Byrock (8 points), nnd Girihiinbono (14 points). BLAC'KHEATH, Monday. — Tlie weuther yesterduy was very warm. Last night and this morning lieavv rain fell, and a high westerly wind is now blowing, with a low temperature. ui.>.YL,vi\\(j, .uonuay.— nam uegan to fall at 7 o clock hist night, und continued up to 7 o'clock this morn ing. lt was much needed for the crops und grass. The weather is now fine, and u strong westerly wind is blowing. HULLI, Monday.— A violent hailstorm fell on Satur day evening, doing great 'damage to fruit trees. BARRAGA, Monday.— Sixty-two points of rain fell to day, nnd the grass Is now good. BERRY, Monday.— During the month 1S7 points of rain have fallen. COOLAMON, Monday.— Light showers fell yesterday, and 10 points of rain were registered up to 9 a.m. to day. COONAMBLE, Monday.— The weather is fine. A thun derstorm occurred Inst evening, which gave about 10 points of rain. COWKA. Monday.— Forty points Of rain fell here last night, and the weather is now beautifully cool. CONDODOLIN, Monday.— The weather yesterduy was ! abnormally close und muggy. Stiff winds blew from 'west and south, und 20 points of ruin fell during the morning. CROOICWELL, Monday. — The warm weather which win experienced at tlie close of lust week was followed by u copious downpour of rain yesterday and tills morn- lug. over 00 points being registered. Everything looks beautifully fresh and green, und the prospects indicate a good spring. It is now flue, but cool. The fall Is general throughout the district, an Inch being recorded : h Kiulia. j CAMDEN, Monday.— More rain fell last night, 11 points being registered. \ - CAl'TAIN'S FLAT, Monday.— The heat was oppressive 1 jA»sterday, and u hot, parching wind prevailed ail day. Light showers of rain fell during last night and this morning. There is every appearance of more during the day. CARGO, Monday. — Steady rain fell last night, 47 points being recorded. More is required for the crops. GUNNING, Monday. — Nice rain commenced falling last night, and continued until this morning, when 60 points vere recorded. Immense good will result to tlie crops, glass, and fruit. Strong westerly winds have been blowing all duy, with indications of more rain. GOULBURN, Monday.— Last night So points of rain fell. UILLSTON, Monday.— Tlie season has come in very dry, and rain is badly wanted. Yesterday 8 points of rain fell, and the weather is now cqoI und clear. JUNEE, Monday. — Tiffs morning 31 points of rain fell here, 17 points were recorded at Murrulebale, and 21 at Millbank. LITHGOW, Monday. — Another good change to rain set in last night, and 36 points were registered to 0 o'clock this morning. Some heavy additional showers fell during the forenoon. LIVERPOOL, Monday.— The weather yesterduy was very oppressive, and a large bush'fire was burning in the direc tion of Holdsworthy. Towards evening a complete change took place, light ruin fulling duriug the night, L1SMOKE, Monday.— Splendid heavy showers have fal len at intervals since Thursday evening. The rain was very welcome, and has already hud an excellent effect on the grass and crops. Indications point to more showers. LYXDHURST, Monday.— During lost night heavy rain set in, and continued all night.. The crops are now locking well. MUSWKLLBUOOK, Monday.— After an extremely hot day thunder clouds gathered in the north-east last even ing, followed by vivid flushes of lightning, und at 8 o'clock ruin commenced, 62 points 1 eing registered before morn- MUDOEE, Monday.— During the past few days several nice showers of rain have fallen, und thunderstorms have occurred in various parts of tlie district. The heavy rain on Thursday last lias given a fresh spring to the grass, and the wheat crops look spiendid. MUUUUMBURUAII, Monday.— Splendid rain, totalling 44 points, fell here last night. The weather is now fine und clear. MOLONG, Monday.— A desirable change has taken place in. the weuther. Yesterday the heut was intense, but it culminated in a nice fall of ruin during the night, and this morning 100 points were recorded. The weather at present is fine, with a strong north-westerly wind blowing. The fall which 1ms been recorded will do a great amount of good in reviving tlie crops, which were almost destroyed. MOUNT VICTORIA, Monday.— Yesterday the weatnor was hot and sultry, but at night copious ruin fell, und also this morning. It is fine now, with a strong westerly wind. A total of 32 points of ruin was recorded. NEWCASTLE, Monday.— 'Hie weuther this morning was hot and unpleasant, but about 1.80 a lieavv thunder- shower passed over the district, and the remainder of the dav has been dolightfuiiv cool. PICTOX, Monday.— Rain fell last night, 33 points be ing registered. .Showers foil to-day. PILLIUA, Monday.— The weather has been stormy dur ing the past three days, and light showers have fallen in places, tlie heaviest reported bciug at Bugilbone, where 70 points fell on Saturday. RICHMOND, Monduy. — The thermometer yesterday showed USdeg. in (he shade. Rain fell during the night, and several splendid showers were experienced to-day. SCONE, Monduv.— Ninety-six points of rain fell here lust night. The downpour is just in time to save the gTain crops. Tlie weather is still close and threatening. SPRINGWOOI), Monday.—' The weather on Sunday was very warm, but during last night a little rain fell, and this morning a sharp shower followed, giving a total of 25 points. Tlie temperature is much cooler to-day, with bright sun this afternoon. SOFALA, Monday. — Splendid showers fell here last night, and high winds are blowing to-day. TAM WORTH, Monday.— Some fresh showers fell on Sat urday night, registering 21 points, and there was a little more tiffs morning. The rest of the day was fine, and clear. The fall has been general throughout the district, and on Sunday night 11 points were recorded at Xundle. TUilUT, Monday.— After the great heat on Saturday over half an inch of ruin fell last night, and the tempera ture is now quite cool. WALLABADAH, Monday. — A heavy thunderstorm oc curred last night, accompanied by high winds. A total of 73 points of rain was registered, and steady rain is now failing. WELLINGTON, Monday. — The continued dry weather has at last broken. Yesterday a heavy thunderstorm oc curred, followed by a dust storm, nnd accompanied by a westerly wind. Refreshing showers fell during last night, 22 points being recorded. WALGETT. Monduy. — The shade temperature yesterduy was lOSdcg. A heavy thunderstorm was experienced last mi;uL, .urn it. was, a guiv an uie nignt, ouc oniy , three points of rain fell, lt is now clear and cool. WY ALONG, Monday. — Last night 18 points of rain fell. The weather is now fine. WOLLONGONG, Monday.— Refreshing showers fell lust night. WEST MAITLAND, Monday. — There wns a thunderstorm last evening, accompanied by heavy thunder and light ning, and ruin fell steadily throughout the night, 25 points being registered up to this morning. YOUNG, Monday. — A pleasant change sot in last even ing, from tlie hot, unpleasant weuther of Suturday and Sunday, ruin beginning to full about 9 o'clock. S'evernl heavy showers fell during the night, and 30 points were registered to 9 this morning. To-day is fine, and the temperature is much cooler. YASS, Monday. — R»in fell here all last night, 85 point? being registered to 0 o'clock tiffs morning. 