ECHOES FROM LONDON. ? ? ? . --' » ? — [By OxONUX.l London, Mar S. The South African Chartered Company have passed a very troublous week. Directors' meeting has followed Directors' meeting, and the thunderclap which burst over their heads when tlio cypher telegrams were sprung on them has not yet passed away. It appears that the key to tho cypher was discovered amongst Jamesons luixgago at Dornkorp, and by its aid incriminating documents went un ravelled. These telegrams had passed between Rhodes, Jameson, Fan-ant, and others of the Reform Committee, and their present com plexion is distinctly ugly. It appears that when Mr. Rhodes left; London in February he gave Mr. llawksiey povrcr to kinder his resignation should circumstances arise which would make such a course expedient. These, awkward tele grama seemed to supply the occasion of Mr. ilawksloy's wire to Khoelea asking for advice. Last night eamo bask tin: laconic message — '' trweto. ,'-.,'W, May (.». Let resignation wait; we fight M:i Labi,'t«; to-morrow.'' This was duly communicated to the Lbard, and they have for the time decided to temporise. There are said to tie some Directors v.-Iin aro -lctt:rmined to quit tho Hoard unless Mr. .Uhudes and Mr. Beit resign, and it is .wpecited that Mr. Cham berlain will shortly uuuurdon his mind on tho matter. T'lie benches wero full to overflowing at question-time on tUt- 4tli, but the Birmingham ituilomatisi, and right honourable replied to all enquiries on tiio subject with a brevity thai; allowed no play for imagination. In th« meantime Prenideut Kriigcr sits quietly at home and refer.s in measured terms to the rapa city and seltbluic-ss winch have l)i-ought aboilt so tangled :i skein. On Tuesday nl'iemoon Colonel North's death oulipsL'd fora few hours news of every other description. City men hurrying westward eai'riijd tins niforinatitm almu^u as ijuiekiy as tlio busy wires, ,'ind imppleiuented the meagre dutiiiis l-y conversution gii^inixl ixoiA tlus inan in the street. A royal birch, a royal wedding, thttdoath of a nutabie person, a battle of prime i:npurt;:iu,v, or a dynamite outrage, any event of inure than ordinary lnagiiitude loosens each man's tongue, an;! fur a rime strangers cou vertie with .strangers on the ail-absorbing topic. So it was when first tho rumour of Cokmcl Norths sudden denus - spread through tho City, liaroli&ided; stoekbri'ktus laid aside fora moment tiit; dignity of Capel Court, and ch;Kted witli any one who coulti add details to tins appallingly concise intimation of his decease. From half-past 1 till nightfall :dl sorts of rumours were propagated. Baron Hirse'i's death gavo rise to a .sinister rumour, which events have satisfactorily disproved. In the same: way then; were many who shook their heads knowingly when a sudden lit of apoplexy was quiiti;il as the agent of J,-.::i(ii this Keaper. Wednesday's inquest, tho verdict of which was i:i ace.-i.-'ianee with the medical evidence, has laid tin1.-,;: rumours to rest. Colonel North was eminently a man of the people. He never forgot tho fact, and took a genuine pride in recalling his early days of poverty mi.! hard work in Leeds. Nearly forty years ago lie was sont out to Chili by his employers in charge of Ktmie machinery, and having executed h:» commission, he resolved to remain in the vj'W country, lie became Manager of a nitrate business near J'isagua, and it was during this time that ho acijiiiivid tiiy knowledge he turned afterward * to such good a-.'e:ia:it. The war between Chili and iV;-u yielded an opportunity for North to risk everything on one; ehance. and his courage was more than upheld by this tHcnt. Large numbers of nitrate fields wero held by the I'eruriaus, and it was feared that the Chilians would capture thorn and eon ii -.-'ate the bonds. North started buying eagerly, for the panic had sent, tlwm down to waste-paper price, an:i at the close of the war North found iiintself serr.in; in pus.s'.-ssicm of an enormous t'ortmif1, i'.ud desigip-led with tho title of 'Nitrate iving.1' On his return to England he matched hiuu'ilt with tho kueuyst of financiers find tlio woaltiiiest of sportsmen. He e.-'Hii,'. ed j'r.uities j'J.hci, and his attempt to unseat Mr. llerlwrt Gladstone /ornied one of the liveliest incidents of electioneering within living memory. l[y stood nominally ;ia a Unionist, but really a« a jolly good fellow. U.'forc th^ Chaivinan hail tiaib to introduce him to hi.i audieni.'O the CeloiH-1 of artillery volunteers jumped up and said, 'Yon urc pleased to seu mo wiien i. cnuui here, and see friends and faciw who played with me at cricket. I :-eeti!lect wlion I :;ave-i one ponnj' a week to buy :?. sixp,;:my b;ifc and played around hijro. Da you think anything gives me such pleasure as to hu iierc i'-itd roceivu such ;i recep tion? f s.',y. hoy?-, I thank you all; and I tell you another tl;;:ig, 1 detcrvts it. I am not going,'1 wale: hi', 'to talk to you of puiitics,' On that puint he kept his word, llo talked of manual labour, of himself, of tiling:! in general, and of Gladstone in particular. Tlirough evtry speech ran a pt!r.-o:ial note which delighted man}' of his auditors, whilst tho ever-attendant prism -lighter* kepi, tho noisy iu gt--;i order. Jjeeds, however, reinaiu'id loyal to Mr. l|erberl; Ulad-tony, and the agent':- foresight in sewing up Colonel North'* piiilcets lest lie should tr/iiiygrws thu (jornipt i'ractfees .-Vet. was, i;i the n.'.-sult, an unneces sary [ireca;;ti'm. Uti ttu; turf ha was oven a more popular liguro tliun i ho spurtsman. Baron de lliivich, who lias s;i lately predeceased him. He liiadc no great cl)!I!i, atthuvigit ho netted over .^Oftl) in' stakes in 18',tl. it was in that year that Nimthorpi: won the .Tubilee and the City and tiuliitrbau. With 'bow- wows*1 In; wa*. far lii'irc successful, that input piiL'tioni'mtd '.tog Fiillerton win ning tiie *i\r.i::-:T!u:- i. 'up threa times. His death will nuke a grwi.t .iiiTerencc! toinany peojili' of all eh.-S!'s, anil ai. i'.lthani the sin Ci'n.'st regret w.is experience'I at his sudden end. He, cutertaini'.l ail so?t- and conditions of guests, and whether ?\'-(«.:iet:.y'' patronisiid hwieutercaiuuiwits or not he ctj:n;i::!!i;d icspect by the se:iic anil magniiJnem.-t.Mif ltis hospitality. lift was something more than moi^ly hospi table, for iiiaay ;?, story i;j told of liis havinsrrf! eoup;:d soin-: sinali iipuculutor who liad com-,) to grief over a ' j,'oo:l thing' op. wiiich the yenial Nitrate King had put him, and in hi-; generosity he often went out of his way ty save former frion:!:- from thiimci:il omburrassmcat. A wcl'-slressi'd crowd .KiMailed JIi\ .lustier; Hawicins's iJourd on Tuesday, .May 5, tocatch, if possible, a giimpw :jf she fauioiu pia-intilf who -ix.i'-- w.ing tins I'nion Bank of 'L tidon for snme .tJ i),0i.ti. '. b, u-ill !.»,; reuu'ail)ei-ed that Mrs. Lasigcry entrusit'tl a tin !-r-x to tfn- iJank, in '.vliich Wi.'H' ' y.t'A to be jewels worth some i!3iJ,iHR Aman i-allcd at titc. ixtnkandpresfititcd an order — ' ['.'ease give bearer :ny tin box. Fitllie Langtry.' The lux vrus handed* over, and the forger esraped witii isis booty. As ;i con ?.eqm.'ti..:e Mvi. L:tngrry writted tho Union Bank, :-.ik1 nsee ierpd points of :iegliginicii :wd iriiJmei.'t were lilci'ly to arise. However, Wore coming inu- Court on Tuesday an arraii^i'ini'iit war, arrivi'd at by which a ver ilict M'as e;iten:d by consent for the Bank, whn, however, undertook to pay the plainlilf i.'it),OOi) on the understanding that, if she r; covi'red more than £.'ri,Oi,v- worth of her jewels such surplus was to hi repaid to die Bank. Neither .Mrs. Langtry nor tho Bank exactly craved the honour of going to the Lords to m:t!-;e a !i.;adii«g ca^e, and su vliis appeared the nv.'st convenient way tint of tlw ditiicuity. Mrs. Langtry carui; into Court amiuito or two before 11 looking far itvir;:: --:»aposed than she did on the i:ay on which the famous hut Iitished-np case of Seton v. Baird was down for triiil. C'n that ot'ea-iosi Iht agitation w:is so gi-eat tiiat she founil refuge in ts-'ars, and from what Mi: Seton told mo of tho case there would iu:ve bt.vii many a rkmv.iriut ucuiidatfitx raked up which would lia-\\! interested most f.jikr. an i datijHiretl not a few. A meeting is t-.- lie held this (Friday) after noon to endeavour, if po-si'do, to liny Lord Lcifj-hion's house for the nation. Within tho next tow '.woks :iu uniisnally largo number of historic houses a:-;; coming to the hammer. Amongst many vnry '' desirable and com modious' mansions are those- of Lord Aling ton, in .South Andley-s-troet, and Sir ?hi!i;in Gold.suiid's house in Piccadilly. Thn latter was built by the late Marquis of Hertford, but His Lt-rd;;hip never lived in it. because tho authorities of the parish of St. ?laines's refused to allow him to pave the street in front in his rr.vn uvs'mon. An opportunity will also occur to any juinvr,:'. with a long pocket of living next 'to Lnrd l-'osei-ery, in Berkeley -square, as that mansion is also for sale. On tin? tirst Monday in Mny the Academy opened its di wrs to the general public. Varnish ing days, Press day, and private view had preceded the handing over of the pictures to London and the province::. 1 include tlw provinces wittingly, for not even tho Christ mas pantomime has so great au attraction fcr the country cousin as riio Academy of Arfs. They come u i ) by excursion train in parriesot three nnd four. An -iec;v?ional man punetu ates tin* otherwise unbroken continuity of i)i--*vini'i;d pcitticoats. At this date, too, v.-hen t!ie May intvtni-' rears its head, tho roonisaru cr.v.vded witii clergy of all grades. Spiritual p.'.'rn are to lie ftccn here, colonial P.ishomare :d--iin 'vidence, whilst Ardtdeacons aul the i:.- --er fry literally cumber the ground, On the !':??.--' day one h expected to make (.):?? inns! of one's opportunities. Tho | ovrr-e.uis'-irntious -.eribe spends six solid ii'iiri m liio rooms attempting to t.vniiate, ? ?l:!--i:fy. and analyse the wealth of colour lii-fort: liim. Tlie uneonseientious penman Hue.- nut near the place, but appropriates to iris own use t lie industry of Ins headichy but iu'lu'-trirms brother. The wise mat of the fi'irth cscatu spends half a do7.cn or eight hours in all, spreading his visits our two or thfi -? ni'irasiotKi. As the Academy does not !?.? ????/?iii.-i' the Press save on one -',v only fins n',;ii - n,sl- uiOTicv. but still -/]!(? i'iuI'' voui. Ti.v picture arvmnd whicii mat interest ? ?.intre.s is that of the late President's. There i; nothing either in tin? catalogue or around the border of the picture to sopyate it at ail fL'om its neighbiiurs. Inthe catalogue it appears simply '2Ki, Clyde. The late I/j'-d Leighton, (if .Shctton, P.Il.A.' The pjinting itself is instinct witii that ideality cf colour and form whicii characterized his ''Flaming Juno' of twelve months ago. C!y t io i on her knees with ontstrotched arms, a full-siscd human figurS, drajied ia orange, with glorious auburn hair. At her side, slightly behind her, is a marblp column, on an. abutment of. which avo raating pomegranates and other fruit. A dozen feet immediately above it is a vividly realistic picture by Stanley Berkeley, 'An Australian Bushfire.' The air is heavy with driving smoke, and tho wind hurrying on tha llamus seems on the point of overtaking tho horsemen and animals attempting to escape it. In the same room are portraits of tho Lord Chief Justice and Mr. Justice Barnes. Both are in scarlet, and each of them is looking too judicial. Tiie portraits are tho work of Dovio Penroso and W. Llewellyn, and they givo tho impression of a forced judicial aspect in both rases. And the impression conveyed, certainly in the latter case, is an unpleasant one. No. 1~'2, by Allan Stewart, claims many beholders; Lord Lcighton's picture touches the pathetic, this the stirring cord. And when all English eyes are turned to Bu'invayo it is no wonder that the canvas depicting Wilson's last stand at the Shangani River collects a big audience. lr. is inscribed '? to the memory of brave men,' and tho artist has d sue his work with restrained aud delicate realism. Although death and carnage arc necessarily of the essence of the picture there is nothing to alTront. It is a lesson in valour with no stage effects or mode heroics. Tho little knot of men shows a gap- here and there, where a fallen comrade lies, whilst moment after moment tho rifles nil;,' out, aud the smoke growing fainter, hangs cloudliko in eddying circles round the tall, barc-tvuuked trees. 'There is no attempt at striking shade (!tfcct=, iu fact, the garments of tho men and the parched soil are almost of the same hue, but tho eye can detect no vague outlines aud no monotony of colour. No. ~r20, 'Bringing Homo tluTStag,' by C. E. Johnson, is a, charining picture. The mist effect in exquisite, :is it rolls from mountain to mountain, as if it wore tho spray of a giant billow encircling their bases. Tho gillies are walking some distance apart, each of them with a stag slung over a pony. The foremost wears knickerbockers and stout b-3ts, whilst tho other is kilted with a plaid, in effectivo contrast to his horse and its burden. Jn thov samo gallery is 'Tiie Nymph of the Bay,' :i nude female form seated* with its back to the beholder, who is invited to giiKo into tho depths of a still bay, whoso colour is only rivalled by that excellent preparation known as Reekitts' blue. The picture is not an alluring one, although I believe, the nymph's proportions show great anatomic.il ability. Two pathetic pictures must ccnicludu my notice for tho present. Herbert; Dicksec is the artist of the first, and the subject is 'A Wounded Lioness.' Sho is seated with her burning forepaws iu the water at the edge of a lake, and her eyes are full of pain and rage. A dull-red wound behind the shoulder and another iu the chest marks the passage of the bullet. It « perhaps a trifle too low to have done the work out of hand, but the angle shows that her pursuers met her on foot. There was nono of this cowardly tree business, or the scarcely more courageous liowdali with tho bullet striking its downwards passage. I !y her aide crouches a cub, the prototype of its mother. There is trouble and watchfulness iu its young eyes, and terror, too, as tho mother roars, and beyond oil the crags detestable vultures are collecting, watching for death to send them tho signal. In 'The Leper's Wife' George Harcourt has struck a note which must touch every one who has ever thought out tho terrible ibstiny of the leprous. This disease, rampant during the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, was supposed to ba a legacy of the cnisitdcs. At first there was a- doubt whether wives should follow ihoir husbands who had been leprous or should remain iu the world aud marry wain. Tiie picture, wo may suppjM, deals with the period before tLe Church decided that, tho tie was indissoluble, aud depict?, a wife with outstretched amis rushing forward to meat her husband, lik head is turned away and covered with a cowl, and he is warning her away with his hands whilst she Fays ' Kiss mo in the names of the everlasting God awl unto the world's end will I go with thce.' The mr.lo figure is swathed in loose-Sitting sackcloth, and his attitude h indicative of supreme despair, whilst desire, longing, and affection are visible in the wife's facj, with no thought of the repellent and loathsome affliction. Tho German Empuror finds his hasty tele gram confronting him on all sides. Before its dispatch ho ordered a first-class cutter to be built w!)iri)i was to have made its appearance in due course at C'owes, with tho Kaiser as racing owner. His Imperial Majesty has now abandoned the idc-i of visiting our shores per sonally, and is sending over the Meteor If. to be sailed by Lord Lonsdalo as his representa tive. The Emperor's choice fails on a very sporting paer, who is an old yachtsman, although only recently won over to racing. Iu design iloteor II. very clo.-oly rn-jeinbles Valkyrie III., except that her depth is greater. In profile who v?sem bios a small 'rater,' and her lead keel, weighing 75 1 Jits, is carried rather deeper forward thiin in Mr. Watson's caiiier deigns. hi connection with tho picture of Wilson's little band it is worthy of mention that Mr. \V. Clouding, who vaa ono of tho three troopers who rode back for reinforcements after Wilson crossed the Shaugani, is now starting for, the Cape. iSine-o tho Matabeiq war Mr. (iooding has been an Inspector of Mines, and is now making all practicable peed to Buluwayo. 