INTEKCOLOKL&L.; Victoria. MELBOURNE. Jan. 9. One of tie prizes in the St. Albans' lottery was a yearling filly by Robinson Crusoe, from Pet Girl, and this was won by the Duchess of Portland, whose husband, the Duke of Portland,., is the present owner of the Australasian champion Carbine, His Grace has sent out instructions to have the filly shipped to England, aud the youngster 'will accordingly be sent away by the steamer W arrnambool about the 19th instant. The filly will, no doubt, be raced in England, and will afterwards be relegated to the Duke's stud at Welbeck Abbey. Sunday. The weather was exceedingly hot to-day, the thermometer reaching about 100* in the city, and varying between that and 106' in the country. A north wind blew all day, but in the evening it veered round to the south, and the change was much appreciated. Bushfires are still burning in the country. Monday. Charles Henry Strange, the young man who murdered his mate, Frederick Dowse, at Cunning- 1 ham, Gippsland, early in November last, was executed in the Melbourne Gaol this morning, at 10 o'clock, in the presence of the sheriff, the governor of the gaol, and the Government medical officer. The convict walked firmly to the drop, and when asked if he had anything to say replied in a calm voice, audible to all present, ' No, Sir.? The execution was perfect, death following instantaneously upon the drawing of the bolt. Strange was a man of average intelligence, and much strength of purpose, but was extremely passionate. TTia crime, which appeared so purposeless that he was considered by many to be insane, was with one of his passionate nature easily under stood when considered in the light of the explanation given after sentence of death had beenrecorded. He said that he and Dowse were speaking of a young woman whom they had met on the station where they had been employed. Dowse spoke disparagingly of the girl's behaviour, and went bo far as to lay a serious charge against her. Strange resented this, and the two quarrelled. Dowse, in his anger, struck his mate, and the latter, overcome by passionate fury, battered Dowse's head in with a tomahawk. His first intention was to give himself up to the police, so he said, but he changed his mind, and hiding the body in the bush, and taking a few pounds which Dowse possessed, attempted to make his escape, Tuesday, The following players will represent 'Victoria in the return match against New South Wales, to be condnenced at Sydney on the 24th instant : — Graham, Brace, R. M'Leod, C. M'Leoff, H. Trott, A. Trott, Laver, Hany, Johns, H. Trumble, Donahoo, Carlton (twelfth man). A fire occurred to-day in Main-street, Sta well. Nelson's drapery establishment was totally destroyed, and Herbert's photographic studio was gutted. The damage done is estimated at £2500. Nelson was insured for £1800, hut'' Herbert was uninsured. A serious case of poisoning, attributable to the recent Lot weather, occun:ed_to the family of Mr. Bowman, manager of the Sale Gasworks. His wife, his father, and others were attacked after dining on Monday off a piece of cold beef cooked on Saturday. Mr. Bowman, sen., has partly recovered, but Mr. and Mrs. Bowman are still seriously ill. ? Mr. W, R.. Wilson is rapidly recovering and was able to leave his bed to-day for an hour or 60» 