GENERAL NEWS. On Thursday a oollision occurred in the Engliebsh Channoel between the R.M.S Duke of liuckingham, bound froem London to Brisbane and an at present unknown steamer. Tirhe mail steamer was damaged and had to put baok for repairs. In tihe House of Commons on Thursday the Army Entimates for the current year was suob mited, diosclosing proposals for idoreasing the strength and eflliencyo of the army. Thie Secretary for War stated that it wos contemplated by the government to increase the natiove strength of the army by 7285 men. There would be an increase in the garrison artillery of 3600 men for thle defenoe of coaling stations at colonial ports. The Mauoion House Indian famine fund now amounts to £4f15,0N0. Thire Hon. T. A. Brassey, son of Lord Brasseey, has given £1000. Reports from the capital of Veneznela state that objeotions are entertained there to the treaty agreed upon with Great Britain and the United States for tire settlementof the boun dary dispoto by arbitration, fearing it'wll imply the nceptanues of a North American protectorate. The Spanish government has decided to grant a National Assembly to Cuba, with the right to frame a hbudget and control the Oue toms. Spain will appoint a Governor-Genoral of the islaind, and retain a preference tariff. The Ohban Junta in New York declares that the proposed reforms are shams, and that nothing less than complete independence will nsatisfy the Caobana. The following tenders were opened on Wednesday by the publio works department tender board: - Repairs, oroner's court, ChObancery Square, Sydney, six tenders, Edwin Qaartloy lowest, £26; supply of mul titubuolar boiler, hafting, &oc.;, Hospital for the Insane, KRamore, three tenders, James Donohoe lowest, £626. The Princess of Carmroan-Chimay recently left her husband and eloped with a Hungarian gipsy. Her husband, ' Prince Obarman Chimay, hias obtained a divorce, the Princes being ordered to pay 75,000 franocs a year for the support of her children. Whitehead, one of the Irish dynamiters who was released from prison last year, has escaped from a lunatic anylum in New York, where he had been ornfined. A commercial treaty has been arranged between France anol Abyedinia. A bill providing for an increase in the sugar bountice has been passed by a narrow majority in the French Chamber of Deputies. An extensive fire has occurred at tile yards of the Faifield Soipbuilding sad Engineer ing Oumpaoy Limited, on the Clyde. Much of the mabotuery had been destroyed. As a result 5U00 hands have been thrown out of work. The Westlern Australian Chamber of Mincs has been formed in L, doo wito the object of publishing results of crulhirge and iseurng daily reports of all tle leadinog mines in Wrestelo Australia. A scheme embodying the ohief proposals for raf.rms in Turkey has been completed by the Embassies at Constantinople. It will be submitted to the Porte. A bush-fire broke out on Wednesday near tbhe Lears platform, burning about 110 panols of railway fooing. Tirhe passengers in the midday train had an exciting time coming through the flames. Sparks blew into the onarriages setting fire to the mats, which were found burning on arival at Kliatoomba. In spector Bfloyd, who was a paseenger by the train, had his hair hoburned coming through, he being in the firsat compartment next the engine. The adjourned inquest on the man Hurst, who was supposed so hove been murdeired, was councluded at Kilmore (Vie.) on Saturday. A verdict of death from synoope duo to wounds iccidently infliacted by himself was returoed At a speoial meeting of the Brisbaoc Moni eipal Council, held on Saturday to elect a mayor, no nomination was made, and as thebo dladluok coninoad after an hoor's adjourn. rient the meeting was adjourned till Monday. Yesterday afternoon a girl named Jessie Rixon, eight years of age, while walking with some companions on the bank of the river at Bega, approached too close to the edge, which fell in, and the child was thrown into the water. Her body has not yet been recovered. Bush-fires were reported yesterday from Long Bay, Mosman's, Hurstville, and Kogarah. Further General news on page 4. 