i LATEST TELEGRAPHIC LISMORE, MONDAY NIGHT. The Military tournament, to have taken filace on Wednesday, is postponed till March 7th, in consequence of the inclemency of the weather, ' The steamers Electra, Macleay, and Wyoming were unable to cross in yesterday, and landed their passengers at Byron Bay to-day. Since Saturday 223 points rain were regis- tered. All stock sales on Saturday were postponed. A number of applicants are expected again for three special areas open to selection on Thursday, but the land is broken, and does not compare favourably with the portion balloted for last mouin. The district bas now had abundance of rain in all parts. Inquiries continue to be made for dairy farms, most asking for stocked fnrms. SYDNEY. MONDAY. At Newcastle on Saturday, the club-swinging contest between Griffiths and Bax ended in a draw, after both men had swung the clubs for 40 hours continuously. Four men named Mitchell, Wright, M'Kinnon and Hooper, belonging to a party of Penguin hunters at Macquarie Islands, have been drowned. The New Zealand Premier Bays that In the Old Age Pension Bill the Government have laid the foundation of a scheme to enable the younger generation to assist themselves. The report of the Queensland National Bank Oommittee of Investigation hus been forwarded tn two leading barristers in a Southern colony for their joint opinion. The Government Agent at Mambare, New Çjûinea, has discovered a valuable goldfield Vlf'considerable extent, situated four days' march from Tomato Camp. The natives of Goodenough Island, who 1 murdered Thompson's boys, received a severe lesson fr>m the constabulary, who stormed the hill held by the natives, killing and wounding many. The Premier has determined to close the session this week. Two farmers named Arlklnson and Blaine, residing nt Sutherland, were brutally assaulted yesterday by a gang of larrikins, because the former remonstrated with the latter for stealing a Christmas bush on their land. The assailants decamped. Charles Swan, principal witness for the defendant in the libel action brought by Martin, the cyclist, against the South Aus- tralian Advertiser, hus been arrested on a charge of perjury. ,Mr. , S. Williamson, M.L.O., honorary member . of Ihe Victorian Cabinet, was knocked down by a tram in Melbourne last night, and picked up unconscious, with Ave ribs badly fractured. His condition is critical. The Devonshire-street Cemetery was twice on fire yesterday. Several bush-fires are burning on the shores of the harbour. An examination of the ship Nelson, which recently struck a reef at New Zealand, showed a large piece of rock embedded in one of the holes. SYDNEY, MONDAY NIGHT. The tender of Brown and Brown, of Pyrmont, has been accepted for the ironwork for repairs to bridge over the Nymboi Blver, on the roud from Grafton to Glen Innes. After the Inmates of ' the Presbyterian Manse at Penrith had retired to bed on. Saturday night, burglars entered the pre- mises and secured about £000 worth of jewellery. There ls no cluo to Hie thieves. The Bennett divorce commenced to-day, before Mr. JuBtico Simpson. The court was crowded, and the greatest interest was evinced in the proceedings. Three Q.O's., together with seven other leading members nf the Bar, are engaged in the suit. Mr. Want, who appeared for the petitioner husband Percy Bennett, dental Burgeon, said he did not consider his client would be justified in continuing proceedings against Richard Terry.one of the two co-respondents. The latter's nume was thereupon dismissed from the suit. Respondent brought counter charges against her husband for having com- mitted adultery with Eva Richards and Fanny johnson. Mr. RalBton applied fur a post- ponement for a week. As his Honor refused to grant the application, respondent's solici- tor and counsel withdrew from the Court, leaving Mrs. Bennett undefended. Subse- quently Air. Ralston returned into Court, and said he would conduct respondent's case litany rate for the day. Petitioner charged respondent with having committed adultery with William Richards, from . whom he claimed £5000,. Evidence is proceeding. Mr. Phil Sheridan denies having had any disagreement with George Giffen. "Ranj!" is still laid up in bed nt Armidale sulfering from quinsey, and hiB medical adviser says lt is unlikely that be will be flt tn play in the test match. The match with Armidale was Anally abandoned to-day owing to rain, utter the local team had scored 31 for the loss of four wickets. LONDON, SUNDAY. The conference with regard to the engineers difficulty has been adjourned, to enable a ballot to be taken by the unInns. The employers adhere to their original position as regards all points discussed by the Conference. The demand for 48 hours as a week of labour ls refused by tho employers, chleily on the ground of increasing foreign competition. The engineers demand a right to bargain for wages collectively, and insist upon 48 hours as a week of labour. The railway workers, in England have appealed to .the President of the Board of Trade, to arrange a conference with the companies in the event of the conference failing to effect a settlement. The London Trades Council suggests the holding of a national Convention of Labour organisations. Germany, Has refused to cede Kaiser Land in New Guinea to Great Britain. . During the riots at the Pr'agué ten of the mob were killed, and 200 .wouDded. The city is now quiet. ? Mr. Herbert Gladstone, M.P., says that If the. Liberals desire to win at next general election they must be Liberal first, and Home Rulers and Local Opttonists afterwards, * The Duke of Devonshire urges that the Government should arrange for the enrol- ment of colonial seamen in the Royal Naval Reserves. . i A French anarchist bas been murdered at Longacre, London, in consequence of his having been suspected of being a spy. The Minister for War, sneaking In the French Chamber of Deputies, said' that' Captain.(Dreyfus was fairly, tried and con- demned. In his soul and conscience as a soldier, and speaking as chief of the array, he regarded the sentence as a just one. The Chamber, by a majority of 172, approved of the statement. Russia ia buying a large quantity of Army supplies in San Francisco for shipment to Vladivostoc. "' ' . . 'Reports from Capetown state that Dr. Jameson is returning to England.' ' . The Australian bred steeplechaser Emualea was sold for 450 guineas. ' A Telegraph corps sailed for Lagos fdr the purpose of constructing a telegraph lino 350 miloB in length from the coast to Hinterland. The treaty of peace between Greece' and , Turkey has been signed. 