NEW NOVELS. "Kirkham's Find," by Mary Gaunt (Mrs. H. Lindsay Miller)-London: Methuen and Co.; Melbourne: Melville, Mullen, and Slade-treats of two widely different phases of Australian life. One is the stirring ad venture of gold seekers in the far north, the struggle against drought and savage blacks. The other is the quiet, uneventful existence of a family at Ballarat, and the attempt made by one of the girls to earn her own living by beekeeping and poultry farming. The picture of the Marsdens-the unsympathetic and disagreeable father, the foolish and narrow-minded mother, the pretty but shallow and selfish Nancy, the plain though warm-hearted and strong minded Phcebe, and their conceited brother -is drawn with much truthfulness, and shows no 6mall talent in delineating the commonplace aspects of life and the characters of ordinary people. Such a talent is both rarer and higher than that of de scribing life on astation-bush-fires, or stir ring adventures with blacks, bushrangers, and old man kangaroos. For many years no Australian story was considered complete without one or more of these characteristic features, but they are becoming rather hackneyed, and what we now want are faithful pictures of everyday life in the cities and country towns of the more set tled colonies. Mrs. Lindsay Miller, who has hitherto devoted herself, and with admir able results, to the romantic and pic turesque side of Australian society, showB us in her latest story that she is quite as competent to depict its prosaic everyday side. The mining experiences of Kirkham and Morrison, the tragic encounter with blacks, form an effective contrast with the quiet domestic details of Phoebe's bee keeping and the love affairs of her pretty and frivolous sister Nancy. The two girls are very unlike one another. Every man falls in love with the younger sister, in cluding the two young men who go to seek their fortunes in the "Never never" land, in order that they may have a better chance of marrying her.; On * the' other hand, Phcebe, who isyS^sfiys ? being told by her father and brother that she is plain and certain to b&'trhe«ld maid of ^the family, has na-jtrain of wooers, and " con siders it better t6\tryto earn her oyrii liying than wed the elae^ ahd in dividual who is willing ttr maiTyner, but for whom she cannot feel any affection. Yet in the end, as many readers will at an early stage in the story be prepared to learn, Phcebe is more successful in her matrimonial venture than her pretty and fascinating sister. Kirkham's Find" is a thoroughly readable and interesting novel. Mr. A. Kevill Davies has given us in "Pharisees" (London: Ward, Lock, and Co. Limited) a story of an old-fashioned and familiar type, though brought up to date in the matter of locality and surroundings. Nina Harwood is the only child of Marion Harwood, who has been disinherited by his father, a wealthy English landowner, be cause he married the y lung lady whom the elder gentleman desired to wed. After a life of constant struggle against poverty and ill-health, the son dies in a wretched tene ment house in New York, leaving his daughter alone in the world. Being very beautiful, Nina is much sought after by bad men, and is at last entrapped into a sham | marriage by a millionaire, who is burdened with a wife whom he dislikes, but canno't get rid of. How Nina conducts herself when she discovers the trick that has been played upon her, and when she afterwards becomes a great heiress in England, with earls and j baronets at her feet, the reader must be left t to find out from the book. As an American version of the old "London Journal" style of romance, in which the heroine is a poor but beautiful and virtuous girl pursued by profligates, "Pharisees" has certain points of interest. It seems, for instance, to be quite an ordinary matter in the United States to bribe a judge and a jury. Mr. Paul Simms, describing to Nina how he tried to get a divorce from his wife, says, "My lawyers, knowing they had a hard fight before them, put twelve thousand dollars into the hands of two members of the jury for distribution among their brethren, in order to secure us a verdict," and he also had certain hints conveyed to the judge, j The attempt, however, failed. His wife was a Catholic, and her people had "poured out money on her behalf. The Catholic judge and three or four Catholic jurymen were intimidated by their priests; the Pro testant jurymen were won by a pretty face and bribed with nroney." 