THE FEDERAL CONVENTION. Tub world, or that portion of it which takes any cognizance of the existence of Australia, probably ncoepta it as an established fact that the people of the . island continent aspire to the dignity of a nation); or as near an approach to it as | 'its unruptured union with Qreat Britain I willjpermit. At all events .it may be | -jtaid .tp want to be as like the.-Dominion 'df 'Oanada aS it'can -make itself. That ia'.Trom aD outside point of view, which hi justified by the many attempts '.made by .leaders of opinion to promote the idea and to bring about its consummation. Nov one expeqted that the desire to federate.wae going to take poBsesaion of ;tbe five or six millions which constitute the population of the Australian colo- niea and carry everythiag before it like a bush-fire. It was felt that a gradual educative policy would of necessity' have to be adopted, and that progresa'would be step by step until the goal was reached. Differences of opinion were anticipated, if not .upon the great question of the desirability of uniting the separate colo. niee into a homogeneous body, at least oa tbe 'mntter of details, and especially with regard to State Rights. These . difficul ties, are assuming more prominence as the' date of the Federal Convention draws' hear, and it is a pity that they should do so. It is hardly the bravest way to approach a great event to conjure up phantoms of- possible barriers to- its completion. Rather should all the power of discrimination . which lenders may possets be held in- reserve for the paychio moment . when Reason' hss to be- called upon to aurmbunt apparently insurmountable obstacles.. There are faint hearts enough to render all the more necessary the steel ing of those which are capable of standing the tempering process, and I there are also traitors within the eamp 1 who will have to be confronted with stern uncompromisingexsmplesof loyalty to the commonwealth. Recent develop ments seem to indicate that much more is to be feared from a Strong undercut' rent which will promote abstention from voting than from an aotual adverse vote. The labour party is suspected of husband ing its reaources to outvote the Federal' iflta on certain points whioh are claimed to be portion of their platform, and in Sydney, which, as usual, reokons that the cities alone are worthy of considera tion in the diBcussion of any great: ques tion, the dire federation is bind to be plainly weakening.. ' To such an ex tent ie this- apparent that candidates hesitate to announce , themselves, some, it is alleged, because .they are afraid of running counter to '.the wishes of their present constituents and so endangering their seats at next eleotion. In the face of all this, however, preparations for the Convention are still supposed to be going on, though time is the only thing that can really be said to be moving. And here, again, there is a suspicion that J delay is to take place in deference to the wishes of the West Australian Premier, Sir John Foreest. That I gentleman, with Mr. Kingston, of South Australia; and. the Hon, G. H. .1 Reid were to have an important inter view with Sir Q'eprge Turner yester day afternoon in'Melbourne with regard I to the federation movement,' and judged by his previous utterances Sir John Forrest will plead hard for delay until after the West Australian elections. O; course it ib important that West Aus tralia, and Queensland too, should come in, but the danger of delay is well known, and it may just happen that if the present opportunity is not seized, the. whole machinery, of the proposed convention may be thrown out of gear, and iu a few weeks we may find that we are practically no nearer federation than we were twenty yeara ago. We who cherish the ..federal apirit have Mr. Reid's assurance that . he - , will I not be turned aside" from the completion of his task; but as one swallow does not make a: summer, Mr. Reid may be still hanging on to his promise when "Australia's attention -is directed else- j where. On these grounds it is to be .hoped that no consideration of events of less importance— even a West Austra- ' lian eleotion — will be permitted to in terfere with the procedure of the elec tion of delegates and the fixing of the date for the convention. The Church of England Mission.— Reference to our advertising columns will give particulars of the. mission to com mence on Saturday next in St. John's, which will lie conducted by Rev. Edwin Alhmson, B.D. " Corowa District Court.— His Houor Judge ForbeB will hold a District Court at Corowa on February 1. To-day is the last day for issuing, summonses. So far only ono case is listed, that of Elizabeth East v. P. Downos, wherein damages are laid at £200 for breach of promise and Beduction. I RiVHr Traffic. — We recently referred to a probable temporary revival of the Murray river traffic as likely to be occa sioned by the shipping of wheat locally bought to Adelaide by steamer instead of by rail, and yesterday several teams were busily employed in carting wheat to the wharf from the Corowa railway station and Messrs. A. A. Figgin & Co.'a stack; j Wo sire informed that two steamers ore expected in a few /days' which will fake away between 1000 and 6000 bogs all consigned by Mcssr'A Piggin & Co. Sergeant MIGufitb.— At the time of tho 'Eelly- seike-i.-in Gerowa Sergeant M'Guflio was -in command of the "local forceB," . and' was? much esteemed as ' an | efficient. oificeE;'and a genial companion. | For many .years afterwards ho was 'sta tioned in Albnry, and there kept up his reputation. Those -who remember him | in CorowawilLregret .to learn that he has | recently been . the victim of a severe .equestrian accident, by which it.is said his left side has been left paralysed, with | no prospect of ultimate recovery. The | injuries aro (says th n Adelong Times) mere I serious than was at first anticipated. He ( is still confined to his bed, and has been temporarily relieved from' duty by Senior Constable Costello, from Jin'dcra near Albury. Artistic. — Mr. J. Horatio Wallis, por trait, animal, . And landscape painter, member of tire Association of British Artists and late Art Master of St. Stanis laus College, ' Bathurat, is at present staying- at Mr. King's Australian Hoteli Mr.- WAUi's'docs hot take pupils, but is on a sketching-tour, on the quest-for genuine Australian- subjects, and is prepared to take orders for portraits, &c.; In connec tion with this latter branch of his art we have had a privato view of a portrait of Mr.- John Wilkinson, of Albury, which is life-like, and true to nature. Some black and- white' sketches, unfinished nt tlietime of our visit; als'6 'reveal the possession- of artiBtic ability of oil order not often Diet with in an Australian township. Death of Old CotoNlsTs;— The death! is announced of Mrs. Mitchell, of Brin- gembfong Station, one of the first white women .to settle in the Albury. district. The deceased was the widow of Thomas Mitchell, wlio settled at Thurgoona 47 years ago. Albury was not then in ex istence.— The death occurred , at Albnry on Thursday of a centenarian named Michael O'LeaTy, who "was born iii Cork in 1794. For, years he resided at Kil- more, Victoria. He was quite active until within a fow days of his death. ' Mountains and Seaside.— At the re quest of numerous residents in the warm districts, desirous of escaping to. the. sea side or tho mountains, special cheap ex cursions will loave Corowa at -12.30 p.m. on January 21, February 4, and February 18, for Sydney (for Manly, Coogee,- and othor seaside resorts), the return fares from Corowa being 64s. first class, and -32s. second class, and tho tiokets available for return within three weeks' from ditto of issue by ordinary train. OheAp' ex cursion tickets will also be issued, feohi southern stations to stations dnhcX/qpnja. line,: gud to Goulhurn, AIi'ftag'dng,«au(l intermediate stations in tlid :rB'oiithern highlands. 'vFatal Lift Accident.— Mr. Joseph Leeds, a well-known Sydney stookand sta " -.tion agent-, met his death by falling down q lift, well- in Camdcn-buildiugs, Gedrge- street, Sydney, on Thursday. The -bddy was found b' the caretaker in the lift well terribly mangled and cut about, with life extinct. No ono was near at the time of tho accident. It is surmised that Mr. Leeds took tho lift at the basement, went to the top of the building, and after wards walked down to the floor on wliidii his office is situated, and then later stepped into the lift well, forgetting that lie had loft the lift higher up. Mr. Loeds was a native of Bathurat, and was aged 46 years. He wan one of the best known men in Sydney, and apart from his extensive busi-. ncss connection, took a warm interest in all kinds of sport. A Good Investment.— People . who pay rent for many years have, nothing to show for it at the end of the term. There is a way however, in which this may-: he obviated. Buy for cash, or on easy terms, or on time payment, - a newly-erected weather-board, lath and plastered - font- roomed cottage, well finished, with, a quarter of an acre of land, in the . best and most healthy position in Corowa, well drained and within five minutes' walk of the railway station, - seven of King's Australian Hotel, and eight of the post office, with a fine metalled road all tho- way. It is effected by sfinply paying a deposit, then a weekly; 'rent which goes towards payment, without other charges by way of interest, And at the end of three years, house and land become the absolute property , of ; the ecoupier. For! further particulars' apply at Free Prest. offi.ee. . Special -terms . to desirable purchaser. ;V. Wool Dumping up to Date,— Somo; consternation has been raised among- 'the \vool-buyers . around . Oirci'lav Quay by the discovery of a system of fraud in dis posing of wool in bales. The wool is " in spected and judged by the buyers prepar atory to -its being offered in the saleroom . at the Wool Exchange. The bales are' marked to correspond with the catalogue of the respective selling brokers, and' it has been customary for the buyer to value the wool from tho small' openinjg made/in, the . side of the pack. Some ' ingenious trader, supposed to be a local buyer, and not' a country wool grower, lias deviBcd apian whereby an oil-drum minus iho top and bottom is placed in the bottom.of an empty wool-pack. The genuine wool, genorally the best class, is dumped round the drum. Tho inside is then filled.:, with debris, when the drum is- hoiBted to the height of the wool and the same process is repeated til1, the wool-pack is filled, and duly Hewn up. Ono-or two German buy ers have been victimised lately, and- the transactions have given riso to many ex pressions of " hochstapplerand lietrenger." The Dodges of Professional Beg gars. — "Whilst most people are aware of the Museum of Criminal Ouriosities at Scotland Yard, very few, indeed, have heard of tho no lesa extraordinary collec tion of beggars' stock-in-trade- exhibited by the London Society for the Suppression of Mendioity, which was founded some where about the year 1815. Yet Along tho walls of its premises in Fisher Street; Red Lion Square, you may nee/. jiome wonderful ' pictorial and literary ', ppgpals of the professional beggar to tlio/'vor lont. For no Icbb than 67,O0;O/,8oet beggars have been apprehended Iho officers of the. society, '.and "itg.cplleqtjpu of begging letters numbpram(t.)esa-tha i 220, 000 ! Its classification of professional beggars/too, is no trifling contributimi to social history. The significance of this phase of its work may appear small, but its realisation is . helped by the fact that no less than 500 recognised professors of begging-letter writing ply their obnoxious trade in London at the present timo. ' So active are thoy in the pursuance of thoir business that two officers aro kept specially by the society to look after this depart ment of the work. Day by day sub scribers to the society, all of whom1 aro interested in philanthropy, forward1 to headquarters tho bogging letters they liavo received, and the whoreabouts of the writers arc then ascertained by the two officers. More often than not the communications are traced . to a profes sional source, and when compared, con tinually roveal indications -of- the samo hand. Many of the letters are models of ingenuity. Tho'cuBtom of.', this class impostors is to makoadozon or twenty copies, and to leavo these/at as many houses, calling in a day: or! two for- the reply. Some prnctiso this art exclusively on naval and military officers, on 'the strengtli of the representation that they served in the Same regimout! As a' rule they present a respectable (appearance, anil can be seen liauntjng clubdom. Othets, again, prefer the petition form; which is often very successful."— From the Wintinr Magan'me fop October/-''' -''' ; !' AnotiIer MaJj Wiio Met BuftER.— An Albury correspondent wriMS A .ttiiuer, named Henry Wonden, working At the Four-mile diggings, in Gorranutpn district, has reported that hornet Butler, alius Harwood, of . Glenbrook tragedy notoriety, in reply to an advertisoment in a Sydnoy papor.for a mato to go prospect ing. Wenden was accompanied by a third man, an hotelkeepor in Sydney, and made, arrangements with Butler to go on a pros pecting toiir, the Germanton district being selected. Butler informed Wenden that he would require at least £10 ; but suddenly, and without any explained rosson.he broke off tho engagement. ' Wenden, when leav ing subsequently, met Butler at Redfern railway station, 'and was shown by him certificates issued from the BnllaratSchool ot Mines. Butler alsb said that he liad been to West Australia. Tho advertise ment to which Wendell responded was signed " Frank Harwood." Wenden said Butler, appeared to be a most, pleasant follow, and had a very taking manner. -: '. Border Brass Band.— A meeting of .tlio.membora of the. above was held in the practice room on Friday evening. '.Sixteen ! .members; wero prcsent. and Mr. W.- H. Coiq> was voted to the chair. The prin cipal business was the consideration of it codo of rules drafted by A sub-committee apppintcu tor tuat purpose an cne uu» ordinary meeting. The rules submitted number 18, and if carried into offcct will go Along way toward ' converting our in-' strumcntalists into a model institution. Tho rules provide that a committee of nine Ah all be elected at an annual meeting (to beheld in the first week in February of oach year), whose duty it will be to transact all bahd business, and where necessary enforce tho rulos. At the Annual meeting it is provided also that tho election of officers shall take place, and a Btatemont of receipts and expendi ture and assets and liabilities laid before the members. It was also decided that a ' roll- be callod every practice night at 815, and that a quarterly return of attendances be posted in the band room. After each rale had been discussed singly, tho whole were unanimously adopted, and it was resolved that all the merobors shall sign -same, ' Accounts amounting to £2 15s. lOd. wero passed for payment, and it was decided to render a programmo of music in the cricket reserve the following Wed nesday evening if practicable,, and that a collection bo taken up in aid of tho funds. Some other business of interest only to members was attended to, and the meet ing closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Fedf.ration Movement.— A Syd ney correspondent, writes ; — The begin ning of a stir is noticeable in federal oircles, and it is now evident that it only Wants some one high in popular OBtimation to make a practical . start,' and popular interest in federation will rapidly increase. Most people are. waiting: for. the dates to be announced, and then probably there will' -be a plethora, of candidates.. An opinion was strongly expressed on Friday thut Mr. Barton oughtr-to begin the con-: t'eAt, as many federationists look to him to lead in the campaign. Another view, however, is that Mr. Reid should take tho initiative. The past apathy of the electors with respect to the convention has convinecd a number of people that if a popular ' election is not started the. best class of electors will not vote, and the .worst class ot candidates will in conse quence get returned, whilst tho only re sult will be the lieaty cost of the election,, which is estimated to reach from £15,0C0 to £20,000, and it is argued that in the circumstances it would bo infinitely better to postpone the olcctious until noxt year and thus give Queensland ah opportunity to come in and also' secure Westralio being represented. Last week there was some talk in the city of Cardinal Moran being aaked to stand as a delegate. One or. two leading men think this a great mistake, apd that wiser counsels will pre vail with his eminence before the elections come on. They deprecate the introduc tion of the religious eloinent into the question. Mr. C'opolond, M.L.A., how- over, thinks it would bo a good thing to get both Cardinal Moran and tho Anglican primato as delegates. On the other hand, it would be advisable to. know what are the opinions of the. probable .candidates before support isgiven to their candidature. Mining Accident at Chiltern.— A painful accident happened on Friday at the Chiltern Valley. No. 2 mine. Thomas Peel, jun., son of Mr. Peel, of tho Royal Mail Hatel, and Andrew M'MiUan wero . building a now timber shaft, They went to work at 8 a.m., and.got into the gig to he lowered. The shaft-is 286 feet to the bottom; and there is a drum and crab- Winch for lowering tho men and timber. .Soon after they begau to descend the gig .dropped. M'Miilan. .saved himself, -by 'holding on to.tiio centres, but Peel fell-to tite bottom, and recoived terrible injuries. Dr. Harkiu found him Buffering from a very large flesh wound on tho thigh, about 18 inches long, the muscles being exposed, and- the skin removed as with a knife ; also from a scalp wound of about three inches on tho forehead above tho right eye, and a few bruises along the spine. Peel is a member of the local branch of the Australian Natives' Association; and is a married man with a young family. When interviewed M'MiUan said Peel was on the top platform and himself on tho lower platform of tho gig. Wlion about 100 feet down he felt a sudden jerk, and thinking that something was wrong with tho gig, which began to descend at a rapid rate, lie grabbed the centres and swung out of tho gig. He hold on to the centrqB (until he '.recovered breath, and tiion sang out to Peel, who answered from the ;bottom, "I am hurt." John Bruce, 'wlio' had charge of tho crabwinch, states that, the keep by. some unaccountable means got out of - ge&r;, and the drum .began to revolve rapidly. Ho tried to stop it- by insorting a piece of wood between the wheels, hut the large wheel Was. turning at too great a speed for this to be done. Peel wAs removed to .the. residence of Dr. Harkin, who drossod hid' -wounds.' He ia progressing favorably/ and he states that the gig started off at' 30 feet, .Me River;—1 lid vfiver yesterday &t; WahgunyAh was lift, 6in. above summer levci and falling. . . The Lowesdale School.— Mr. Hut chison left" on Saturday for Melbourne. It was expected that Mr. Hughes 'would have received the appointment to tho vacancy, but tho department have' sent Mr. C.W.' Peek, who arrived oii'Satiirday, and who will, we hope, find-bis lines'caat in pleasant placcB. ' . ' Threatened Strike" at pkrth.Ehe builders' laborers have demanded, a . rise of wages from 9s. to 10s. per day, and have given uotice that they wUl strike on 1st February, unless their demand is acceded to. Three nionthB ago the men received an-«dvance from 8s. to 9s,, and the contractors decline .to give any further rise on the grounds that the men Aro incompetent. The contractors have formed a defence association, and havo subscribed a-large sum -with a view to importing men from the east if necessary, i Open Air Concert.— On Wednesday evening riAxt" (weather permitting) '.tho B ordei; B.rass.Banil, under t he . conductor- r 'ship df Am. H/ Oswald, will render the following programme-of muBic in the Orioket Ground March,. " Whitworth j" waltz; "Excelsior;" fantasia on American airs, "Columbia;" quadrilles, "Rob Roy;" morcb, "Tho Guards;" waltz, "Gertrellft;" laucors, "The" Royal Wedding ;" inter mezzo, "Hypatia." During the evening a collection will be taken- in aid of the funds ;qf the band. Homestead Selection.— In tho Go vernment Gazette of 9th hist." portions 1, 2 and 11 of 442J acres," parish Howell, county Urana, , will be open for Home stead selection at Urana on 11th March ; annual ront, £13 16s. 0d.; survey fee, £6 17s. This land is within tbreo miles of Morundah and has a frontage to the Yanko Creek. It is situated immediately ' to the cast of Young Harrington's home stead, selection, and runs to the creek. Part of portion 1 of 24 acres has been reserved for acceBB to water. Congratulatory. — Reporting upon seven fleeces shorn from the two-toothe at the lost Jerildcrie Show, and. scoured" by Mr. G. F. Sugden for tho Riverina Pas toral and Agricultural Society, - Golds- brough, Mort & Co., of Sydney, Bay : " We have carefully examined the seven fleeces and considor that thoy have been scoured with thoroughness and efficiency, giving evidence of skilful treatmont. by tho scouring expert. Tho result not only reflocts credit upon the scourer, hut at the samo .time shows the wool to. tho very beat advantage in each case." - TheStooktonDisabtkb.— When news of the late 'Stockton colliery' disaster reached the Ministor of Mines, he .ex pressed the opinion that the case was one in which special investigation -should be held as to' the causa , and circumstances surrounding tho occurrence ; but as inquiry was to bcjliold ho did not deem it:Wiseito have two inyestigations at the -same. time. Iu view of the disagreement -of the jury at the inquest; tho Minister, has decided now to have a special investigation under section 23 of tho Coal Mines Regulation Act. This will obviate tho necessity for holding a second inquest, which would have involved the exhumation of one of the victims. The Indian Famine.— Cablegrams atate that the number of people at present affected by the Indian famine is, according to official information, about 81,000,000. Lord Georgo Hamilton, Secretary of State for India, states that the population in the. districts iu which famine is now being experienced amounts to 37,000,000, : In other districts, whore acute distress is felt owing to the great scarcity of food, there is a population of 44,000,000. Telegrams from Calcutta atate that the food supply in the Madras Presidency and in' Burnish is adequate for all needs. In the Bengal Presidency, thePunjaub and the North west and Central Provinces the available supply- is sufficient for immediate, wants, The Hesiord Dramatic Co.— It is some time now since a company 'other than variety visited Corowa, and' in the Hesford company, it is said, there are artists of well known- histrionic - ability, who would not condescend to tread a music hall stage. The managing pro prietor hails from New Zealand, and the ladiesare reputed to be tho beBt exponents of character travelling the provinces. Miss May Hosford, : Miss Bercsleigh and jMiaa Ethel Harborough play the leading female parts in such dramas as The Silver Ring, Tfle Shaughraun, And .Uncle Tom's Oabin. Our 'oxchanges speak in glowing tiifitis of the excellence of the company, as a Ayhole, and we understand that an additionAl attraction' will be. the appear ance of ft locql child in the part of Eva in Unole/vTpm's Cabin, The Sohool of Arts has. been engaged for two nights, com mencing .or Thursday. Alloba Spring Wheat.— Satisfactory reports have reached the department of Agriculture respecting the pedigree of the wheat sont to the farmers for trial in variouB .'dictricta of New South -Wales. Several. varieties were sent to-Scone, and a farmer there saya regarding the return of Allora Spring wheat that from 36 acres of poor land the yield was 310 bags,, equal to 36 bushels to the acre. The grain is good, apd for a sample shown 4a. 9d. the bushel is offered by locate millers. This report ib corroborative of the experience of others -with regard to this variety; When sowing must he. done late- this- ia on of the varieties most likely .to suc ceed. When speaking at Corowa on ' the occasion, of tho Agricultural Society's re union, Mr. G. Valder, manager of the Wagga Experimental Farm/ stated that the Altera' Spring variety was- a very- suitable one for hot, dry climates; and that he had known instances where all other varieties had to be cut for hay 'and crops only could be obtained from the Altera Spring. — ; .... .- . Revision Court will be held at- Corowa on Wednesday; January 20, at, 10 o!cteok. 'Annual meeting of hospital subscribers at 8 p.m: 'oti Friday at Scheol of Arts; 