THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Mount Barker cricketers sustained another defeat on Saturday. ;jj>3Ieetil)g in oqnheption iwjthIthe proposed Fruit Preserving ;Company at Blount Barter' to-morrow evening. - , r Shares' in this MbuntBarkerDaiiyprbduce Company liave'ruled at agood premiumeince' the half-yearly meeting. The rainfall in the South during January; ranged from 1*325 iti. at Macclesfield Jo only 140 points at Port Elliot.' Sir births' (four males and two females) were registered' in' Mount Barter . during January.. So deaths were.recorded. \- The Governor in Council has approved of the disbandment of the Mount Barker and Stratkalbyn. Rifle Clubs. The first of Messrs. John Pallridge & Ca.'s fortnightly eeries of stook sales at Mount Barker will take place to-morrow. Messrs. JStder. fimith, & Co.-announee that they will hold their opening sale of livestock,. Sue., atfitrathalbyn on Thursday,. 18th inst. , Mr. Frederick Ayers, the third son of Sir Henry Ayers, died at Aldgate on Monday at the age of 50. He leaves a family of two sous and four daughters. A Clarendon resident, Mr. Austin Mariner,: had his leg broken in a cart accident at Happy Valley on Saturday and had to be removed to the Adelaide Hospital. The Gazette contains a proclamation sever ing' a portion of Oakbank Ward, of the; District Council of Ookaparingaeud annexing it fo Boihannah Ward. ; _ "That.Heat Wave," a contribution appear ing in another column, will appeal warmly to all readers except those of salamander tem perament. An application, has been received by the Education. Department for (lie1 use of the Murray Bridge-.School -forSeripture lessons oat of school; hours. A route which csa.be commended to touring pyclietB is that to.Victor Harbor.ofd.T01b>Uga>' the road through picturesque oountry being in excellent order. . - Mr. A. Sergeant, formerly operator et Messrs. Stump & Uo-'s, Adelaide,.,announces in this issue that he. will open a photographic studio in Mount Barker ■ next, Mond ay. - The balance-sheet of the Goolwa Corpora tion for the year ending December 31, 1896, shows fhat the receipts amounted to £319 5s. 7d. and that a credit of £8 16s. 6d. remains. The Mount Barker Dairy Produce Com pany made a handsome profit last half-year, and at the meeting on Friday evening the first ■' dividend of a shilling per share was declared. The Minister of Agriculture is calling for tenders' for the worlc of clearing about 150 acres of scrub at Wow Wow Plains, and the planB can be seen at the post-offices at Murray Bridge and Mannum. At a lively meeting of shareholders in the West Callmglou mine last Saturday Mr. C. Tucker's mo'ion that the company should go into liquidation was negatived after a poll had been demanded. Southern farmers would do well to remem ber that if a few dry -cows or .heifers are kept in the paddocks with sheep, dogs wili never molest the sheep after the latter learn to re cognize their big companions* protection. Messrs. J. & A. G. Johnston, of Oskbank, have applied for a trade-mark in respect of the " Oakbank Tonic Ale," the device between the two lines of the'name being made up of an acorn and oak leaves. Under the heading of " Original Poetry ' the- Australian Christian World of Friday last published a poem by the Rev. J. G. Mather, of the Mount Barker Presbyterian Church, entitled " The Peerless Gem." The Midland Land Board will meet in Adelaide on Friday, 19th inst., and deal with lands in the hundreds of Adelaide, Alex andria, Kuitpo, Encounter Bay, Freeling, Myponga, Noarlunga, Nangkita, Willunga, Tank&lilla;, Onkapsringa, and Talunga. Mr. John Pultridce hag applied to bring lot 56 of section 4467, hundred of Maccles field, under the Real Property Act, and Sir 8amuel Davenport makes similar application with regard to sections 43, 44, 53, 54, 59, and 60, township of Macclesfield. As Cook's excursion train was leaving the Aldgate Station on Wednesday one of the carriage couplings snapped, but beyond giving the passengers a good " start "no harm was done, and a new oar was quickly put on in place-of tt»4iaiwsaAlniw. Mr. B. Rollison, second son of Mr. W. Rollieon, of Mount Barker, lies been trans ferred from the telegraph-office at Fowler's Bay to Port Lincoln, and last week a compli mentary social and dance were tendered to him on the eve of his departure from the West Coast. Professor Tute, who has returned from his trip to Europe, remarks that the new process for treating refractory gold ores, for which the New Beedy Creek G.M. Co. has seeured a patentj will, if succesful, mean muoh for the future of goldmining in South Australia, «b the class of ore which prevails at Beedy Creek is that whioh.is common throughout the whole of the colony below the water level. The new. Forest Road will be publicly opened by the Hon. F. W. Holder on Thurs- day next. —♦— (From Our Own . Correspondents.) Bugle Ranges, February 3. An optical lantern lecture was given in tlie P.M. Chapel on Friday evening last by the Rev. W. T. "Wiltshire, of Nairne. " A Day in London " was the Bubject, and 40 beautiful pictures were thrown on the canvas. Xhe story of " John Gilpin's Ride" followed. The lecture was highly appreciated by all present, the views being equal to anything ever seen here, and a fruit social closed a very interesting evening. —♦— Woodside, February 3. During the past week we have had a good sample of really hot weather, which has been made worse through big bushfires on two sides of the township. The larger one started as usual in Martin's blook and has been burning for some?tdays. The damage actually done is comparatively slight, a fence here and there having to go under, while one garden was a -little damaged,• but constant watch "was kept to prevent anything of a serious nature occurring.. This fire extended frpm near Gruenthal across the rouge, down to the .German Swamp, near Forest Range, and baok as far as the Western Branch. The smoke hung like a pall down the valley of the Onkaparinga on Sunday, and, together with the ' heat and occasional ashes, matters were anything but pleasant. A oool change set in on Tuesday and gave exhausted Nature a chance to recuperate. —♦— Cooke's Plains, February 2. After two or three days of hot and sultry weather it has changed and become cool, and a nice shower fell to-day. The Rer. W. T. "Wiltshire gave a lantern' lecture here on Saturday evening. There was a good attendance, and all were highly pleased with the photos of some of the principal buildings in London, some saying they , never /before saw such beautiful pictures sbowu fay a lantern. A collection was taken up . nt the close of the lecture and will he devoted to the circuit funds. Mr. Wiltshire preached at Wellington on Sunday morning and at Cooke's Plains in the evening. This is the last time we shall' bave the opportunity of hearing Mr. Wilt-, shire, us he is not'" planned " to take another service here and will he leaving the cipcuit iu April. —♦— Forest Range, February 3.. On the evening of the 27th ult. a meeting was held in the Forest Ranee Hotel for the purpose of hearing Mr. Gf. R. White explain the objects of the proposed Produce and Frozen Storage Company, there being an attendance of 10 persons. Mr. White, after making references to a recent article in the Courier entitled " Producers, Consider stated that the proposed company had no intention of erecting a freezing depot at Port Adelaide, nor did they think of opposing the Government freezing depot, and he touched on various matters connected with the scheme. At the conclusion of the meeting & committee was formed to bring the matter before the residents of the district, Messrs. G. Monks (chairman), G. Beat, S. Collins, H. and E. G reen, and Brockhoff being elected. Promises were received in the room for the taking up of 10 shares. —♦— Murray Bridge, February 3. A church parade was held in the Assembly^ hall last Sunday, under tbeouspioes of the Oak of Bridgeport Lodge, in aid of the Distressed Farmers' Fund. The hall was well 6lled, and a most eloqnent address was given by the Rev. S. Stephens, who took for his text the 25th ohapter of St. Matthew, 29th verse—"For unto everyone that bath shall -be given; -and hekhsl! hire kbanduied, bat from him that bath not shall be taken •raj even that which he hath." The collec tion madeduring theafternoon amounted,to £5 "iSs.'Sd. Appropriate hyjnns were tuqg, and the lessons were read by ,Mr. C.jPdore, the Church of JSngland lay-reader. A letter of apology was received from Pastor Kussfdr not being able to . attend the'parade owing to his having to p'reaph at liobethal on that 'date.' . ..The river i9 still very low, rendering navi gation at present impossible, and all steamers trading on the. upper Hurray have in con sequence to lay up. . Peed about here. is very scarce, and if it were not for the swamps being so dry this year the stock would have a pa ticuiarly bad time of it. —♦— Nairne, February 3. On Saturday, 30th inst., a small fire occurred at the rear of Dunn's mill, being caused by two tramps named George Brun- hober and Alfred Simpson, who had neglected, to put out a fire they had lit for cooking purposes, and on their leaving the township' it spread to the grass. The fire-was promptly stopped by energetic hands before any damage . was done,. and the matter -was reported to M.C;. Iiierre, who went in pursuit of the offenders and had them brought up before Messrs. £. Dewhirst and D. Chapman, Ji.P., charged with a breacli of the Bushfires Act. The men pleaded guilty, but stated that they had thrown water on the fire before leaving and thought it was quite extinguished. M.C. Xiievre having stated that the defendants on being informed, of the fire readily returned and- put. out what was left, they were discharged with'a caution. .John Winstanly, one of the old identities of Nairne, who for many years had carried on business in this township as a watchmaker, has passed away. He had become very feeble and was suffering from cancer. On December 22 last he was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, but his case being hopeless he was removed to the Destitute Asylum, where I am informed he died last month. The deceased was 76 years of age. —♦— East Wellington, February 3. Mr, H. Taylor, of Adelaide, delivered a lecture here last Tuesday evening on " The Single Tax " and was listened to by a com paratively large and appreciative audience. We have been having eome exceptionally hot and oppressive weather, and on Saturday it raaohed the climax, being nearly as hot at 5 p.m. as at noon. To- day, however, we have had a little rain, end it is beautifully coul, which after the great heat is very acceptable. Last Sunday about ISO head of afore cattle crossed the ferry on the way to Adelaide. Tjie Rev. W. T. Wiltshire conducted service here last Sunday morning. This is, I believe, the last occasion on which we shall have the pleasure of hearing the rev. gentle man, as he will be leaving the Nairne circuit in about two months. Mr. Wiltshire will carry with him the good wisheB of a number of friends at this end of the district. We'look forward to making the acquaint ance of Mr. W. EC. Carpenter, M.P., shortly, as arrangements hare been made with hiiu to conduct the Sunday-School anniversary serricea, which will come off in March. . In regard to things politioal not much interest is being taken here in tiie Federation question, although I believe Messrs. FoBter and S meat on will be nominated by the Wellington branch of the Liberal Union. Those who are connected with the Union are trying to work up a good meeting for the 19th Dr the month, as Mr. R. W- Foster, M.F., Iisb promised to be present and give an address in connection with the forthcoming Legis- lative Council elections. —♦— Strathalbyn, February 4. I understand that Mr. and Mrs. Elliott intend to work up another children's enter tainment, and if such is the case we hare a reaiitreat to look forward to. The stage with its tiring decorations, on the occasion of the last entertainment given under the auspices of the lady and gentleman named, presented the most beautiful spectacular scene I hare ever witnessed in our institute, and evea on that Mr. Elliott hopes to improve. The heat at the end of last week and the beginning of the present one was very intense. One of the railway firemen was on Monday Veiy- seriously affected and bocame delirious. in getting him round, and be was sent back to Adelaide by the next train. On Thursday afternoon last, when the Rer. Mr. Gray was on his way to attend the funeral of Mrs. Cattran, the horse he was driving tripped and fell in turning the very sharp corner of Messrs. Hunter's Boot Emporium. The animal was a good deal out about, and the trap was completely wrecked, both shafts being broken. Luckily the occupants of the vehicle were not hurt. On Sunday evening Mr. Frank Robinson, a recent acquisition to the cycling fraternity in this town, had his equilibrium and that of his machine much upset by the machinations of an unwary dog. The cyclist was wheeling at a fairly good bat down the Swamp Hill, when all at once an admixture of dog, cyclist, and machine occurred. The dog was not hurt, hilt tlie bicycle was very considerably damaged, and the man kept his bed for some time afterwards. Mr. Bobinson will not be on view in the saddle for.several days. The coming Federal Convention is causing' a certain amonnt of interest in our midst, and many who are anxious to know what it all means will shortly be enlightened, ub Mr. Solomon announces his intention of explain ing matters. Probably a few more shining lights will follow suit. A very pleasing re-union took plaoe at Mr. S. Stanton's residence on Saturday between the Rev. A. J. Birt and the members* of the Loyal Temperance Legion. Mr. Birt, who was some time ago stationed in Strathalbyn and is now recruiting hiB health after a severe illness in West Australia, was pleased at meeting his old friends and addressed the children present, his subject being *' Wine and Strong Drink." Our juvenile cricket clubs again met on Saturday, the losers of the previous matches being determined to wipe off their , recent defeats by a signal victory over the ChriBt Church boyB. They were doomed to dis appointment, for the little fellows were too good for their bigger brothers. A greater defeat tiian the latter had previously received was administered, but they took it like men and are not afraid to try conclusions again. 