DISTRICT NEWS. CHURCH Of ENGLAND JUNG JUNG - A very successful concert, lantern lecture and coffee supper was (says the "Standard") given in aid of the founds of All Saints' Church, Jung Jung, last Friday evening. The attendance was good, and the church will benefit considerably by the proceeds, which are to be donated to coveiing the cost of repairs rendered necessary by the late cyclone, and also to further improving the sitting accommodation of the church. The musical portion of the programme was ably provided for by Mrs. Robbe, of Lon gerenong, Mlrs. Stewart, of Donen, Miss Candy, Mr. F. W. Lee, Mr. Miller, Mr. Macrae, of JungJung. The lecture was on " Athree days' trip around Colombo," and was illustrated by about 30 photographic views. The materials for the coffee supper were provided by the ladies of the congrega tion, and were all that could be desired. A SUDDEN DEATH.- Mr. Thomas Sher win, 70 years of age, lately an attendant at the Ararat Asylum for the Insane, who retired from the Government service in October last, after 21 years service, was found-dead in his bed by his wife, who went to call him, on Thursday morning. He had apparently passed away peacefully, the cause of death being aneurism of the aorta. He had the previous evening complained of a slight:pain in the chest, but retired to rest apparently in his customary health. I-TEAEsTIso To SHEEP DROVEs.--At the Ararb I'olice Court last week Peter Borson was complained against for driving 950 sheep over the Ararat and Armstrongs Common, on the 29th November, without having given the prescribed notice. There were. no previous convictions' against the defendant, but his employers, Cooper Bros., had been friquently complained of forsending sheep without notice over the common, the managers'of which desited to check the practice. A fine of 40s was imnposed;, 'ith costa amounting to £1 3s 6d. MuNSICIr.L RETBrEcCuEtT. - At the tmteeting of the Lowan Shire Council ono Friday the salary of the engineer, MDr. D'Alton, was reduced from £215 to £150,: and as trust engineer from £100 per annum' to £65. On a motion from Cr. Farmers, for dismissal of the seoretary with a view to his reappointment at £140 instead of £200, Mr. Mussen read the minute of his appoint= ment in 1876, on an annual agreement, and declined to be dealt -with as the engideer might be, whose engagement could he txr minated by the council by a month's notice. Cr. Farn:.rs then gave notice of motion .fo the January meeting to fix the salary of Mr. Mussen, -as secretary, at £140 per annum, instead of £200. Centingent upon this motion being carried, the saladres of the o fticers would ((says the " Mail ") then be as follows :-Mr. Jdlmes Mosson, as -secre tary to the shire, £140; Lowan Wate,. Trust, £60; Nhill Urban Water Trust;f£40' Total, £240. Mr. Museen accepti' the reduction from £100 to £60 made at the meeting of the trust on Friday on the niotion of Cem. Farmers and Walker.-The engineer's salary will be from the 6th prox., for the Lowan Shire, '£150; for the Lowan Water Trust, £65. T-otal, £215perannum. PLExTITUDE op.Foxrs.-James Weir;:'a lad, reports having seen three half-grown foxee, ,f which he killed one, at Dow-Well, near limboola. The foxes were about a hundred yards from the house in a paddock' belonging to a farmer named Tuena. AN UawELcosE VslITro. - On Friday morning Mr. Tunmble, solicltor, of ?'hill, found a brown snake,'about three feet long, which he at first m.istook for a lizard, on the verandah of his house. With some con siderable trouble the'reptile was despatchled. A?LEGED oRfn:S STEALIo. -- Edward Ryan and Michael-O eBrien were charged at the Min3ip Police Courtron Thurday: with stealing, in July le, a;imarebeeag?giig to Alfread Haiaril orer, Kwell Theharge, was altered to illegtiy-ussmg noi aysua, who was defended by Mr. DeC ireland, of Horsham, was fined £5, or one month's imprisonment, and O'Brien fined £1, or seven days. FIRE AT- STAWElL--A fire occurred. near midninght on Tuesday in esome wooden bedrooms at the rear of Isaacson and Son's drapery establishmsent, Main- street, Stawell. A'doir.estic had retired for thenight, leaving a lighted candle for a fellow servant, wvho was out. The fire was extinguished after doing only a little damage, which is believed to be fully covered by insurance. Brcsursu m&nin; HrA tros.--On Sundsay Hamilton was enveloped n ithe smoke of a bushfire which has been burning.int the di rection of-Macarthur;for 4- hours? It is said to have re.ached ihat is known as The Stones, at the foou of. Mount Napier, and is traveiling eat. FIRE AT HAItILTOS.-About aI: .m on Friday a fire bboke: out in Mris. '.King's chenist erop, an old woodecnbuilding in the central portion :of Gray street. The fire brigade -would have beenli helpless for want of water had it not-been for a large under ground tank close to the shop. The fire was caused by the ignitioin o a tia? lof ihoe phorus through the water-having leaked out." Some of the .stock was injured by water; but the whole loss will not exceed £50. The bunilding and stock were insured fos £500 in the Royal Insurance Companiy. 