Chapter III. TBKADING ON QUICKSANDS. So the rose will blopm, and the oak will . grow, To the hnd's and this acorn's ruing; And men and women will dare to love, Though loVe .be its own undoing. A,bazaar for church purposes was being organized at this time in Wallaroo—a'work in: which all the young ladies, and old ladies, too, were supposed to take an in terest and a share of the labors involved. The Caseys took a prominent part in the proceedings, Kathleen being the cleverest fanCy-worker, and Annie the most wonder ful girl for plain work in Wallaroo. Mrs. Upton, a leading Catholic, lady of the township, supervised the arrangements, and. twice a week the chief workers met at her house to sew, and to plan and to drink tea, and to talk. It was on one of these afternoons that Annie and her sister were tidying up, in order to leave home early, when Katie O'Began walked over from her house to join them. Katie OBegan's father was a wheat agent, and had provided a comfortable home for his wife and five children. Katie beifig the eldest child, was not a spoilt pet oran idle girl by any means. The O'fiegan's housein her hands was: like adoll'B house in the reign of Queen Anne. Her mother left the chief management of : the house to Katie, being herself a delicate person^. and finding enough to do in making and mend ring for the children. As to Katie, one would-suppose , that she never needed any ; mending tohedone for her—ike picture of neatnesB and tidiness at all times.. .Her brothers and. sisters complained that she was too prim and too particular. It was all very well to say that " Cleanliness is next to godliness ".-hso it was—but Katie put ^cleanliness a long way ahead of godliness, <' for she worried : more over a speck on the boards 6r a stain- on her dress than she did; over;, finding fault, with them," sso they said.; But for-all that no one- could take Katie's place to them when she went -to. Broken Hill, , and when .she came home only to go to the 'Wallaroo hoapitalfor five weeks;' - '■< AnAbbitbation Coubt job Catholics. —Few are aWare-thatfthe 'BomanCatholic 'community in Bofidon <-have-a regular ; court ftatftbllWd jflr thftpiirnnaa-Of,S^li|Ur disputes among members of the Soman. •""-■""aE'Stffi andwit ymTOgumffiSsTJ^oEcnB&mSters; get ? re ■Im^.^Sj^iiMu^eSi':The rnlings ie ;grou^^th^lt acts as a board of obey. onB The Great Cycle Journey. — Mr. Jerome J. Murif, who is cycling across the continent from Glenelg to Port Darwin, has arrived at the Catherine, a distance of 1,771 thiles from Adelaide' and $04 miles from his destination. His experiences since he left Daly Waters have been rough, judging by theptelegram. which he has forwarded to Mr. H. Bodenheimer, the manager for Mr. Hugo Wertheim. The wire, which is dated May 16, reads thus" Recent ex periences—Gilgny crabholes, Biscay rocks, . sand, fallen forest trees, entangling grass and, undergrowth. Have also ridden through miles of bush-fires and heat, and waded running creeks. Got bushed and sustained cuts and bruises to face, head, and body. Was twice pitched clean over handlebars, vaulting over otherwise insur mountable obstacles and stretched un conscious on other side. Also alone in bad nigger country—tropical but painfully ,, truthful. Public mistaken if fancying this merely to advertise the still uninjured mount, but only for Electra's marvellous super-excellence would have had to aban don ail hopes of reaching destination instead of looking confidently towards Palmerston." Another telegram from Murif states—"Roads so dangerous through floodings and long disuse between Palmer ston and Pine Creek that no cyclist has been more than 45 miles from Palmerston. Eleotra therefore, all being well, will be pioneer." On Tuesday, Murif had reached Pine Creek, and dispatched the following telegram" Sixty-five miles to-day; all rongh, hilly country. Waded through Eatherine and Fergusson Rivers ; swam Edith. Possibly remain here to-morrow." One of the last acts of President Cleve land before he left office was to prescribe a design for a new decoration to be conferred for signal acts of personal bravery by sol diers of the Union army daring the great civil "war. New York, with its two'mil lions of human beings, contains only twenty-six men who are entitled to wear the new decoration. Eight of these are Irishmen. These heroes are — Daniel Butterfield, Thomas Corcoran, John Coyne, . Patrick Doody, Patrick Ginley, James J. O'Beirne, James Quinlan, and John Terry. 