The Bush fires. From all parts reports are being re ceived of bush fires, earthquakes, and general atmo-pheric disturbances, Reports from Mount Lofty, S.'A., state that big bush fires have for several days past been raging all around the district, and many miles of trees and fencing have been destroyed, also several houses. Around Mount Gambier fires are raging with great fury, hundreds of sheep having been burnt to death, and miles of fencing and many acres-of crops comuletely destroyed. The skv is densely charged with smoke, add the atmosphere in consequence tendered very nnpleasant. Melb >urne, as we reported in our wires last Wednesday, was enveloped in a thick haze, consequent on bush fires outside, the smoke also being dense in the Bay and along the coast, necessitating the greatest cau'ion' br captains to bring their vessels safely into port. Two shocks of earthquake are reported from Yea, where buildings were displaced and much alarm ex perienced by the residents. The township of Leongatha is sur rounded with fires and the residents are kept busy fighting the flames. From various other quarters similar \ reports are to hand, and the losses will it is feared be very great. Telegrams from various parts of the colony, and especially from Gippsland, report a renewal of the disastrous bush fire*. Thousands of acres of grass ha\e been swept by the flames, and miles of fencing and many out build ings destroyed. Though the settlers succeeded in saving their homes, many of them have lost heavily in live stock. The whole coast line and the entrance, to Hobson's Bay is enveloped in smoke. Navigation has had to he carried on under exceedingly trying conditions. It is estimated that 50,000 acres in the Western district have been swept by the fire, and damage done to the extent of thousands of pounds. Many persons had narrow escapes in their endeavor to save their property from destruction. Reports continue to be received of the disastrous effects of the bush fires in GippsUnd and the western portions of the colony. In the Cranbourn dis tricts "thousands of acres have been destroyed, miles of fencing and much valuable property. A telegram from Traralgon states that the Galughee dis trict has been further swept by the flame1;. Many homesteads were de stroyed, also the post office and Mechanics' Institute. A dozen families are homeless. News comes from Mirboo North that 25 settlers have been burnt out. Ten settlers were burnt out at Loch, losing everything except life. At Nerim South many narrow escapes were experienced The town was surrounded by the flames, and threatened with destruction, but a change of wind saved the place. Several outlying houses were destroyed together with live stock. South Warra gul was also surrounded with flames, i and the residents had a dteadful ex perience, scores being severely burnt in thair efforts to beat back .the flames. About a dozen settlers were burnt out, and the destruction of hay- stacks, live stock and fencing was heavy At Warragul the destruction to live stock was considerable, and several settlers lost heavily, put the town was saved. . At Yarragon, residents had to fight for their lives as well as for their property. The gravest fears have been much more than realized in the Pobwong east district, where the flames are sweeping everything before them. Navigation is interfered with by the smoke from the bush fires, the entire coast-line being hidden, and vessels have to go dead slow. At Dromana a fierce fire is now burning, and- 13 bullocks and 1,000 sheep have been roasted to death. At North Devon, Mr. George Harri son's house caught fire, and Mr. Harrison had just time to rush in and drag his sick wife out through the flames. The whole of his property was consumed. At Walhalla the mail coaches ran great risk from burning trees. The luggage caught fire, and everything had to be taken out to save the vehicle. The last reports from Gippsland show that the bush fires are still caus ing immense damage. Jumbunna is in danger of total destruction, and several houses have already been burnt. There is now only one way out available for the inhabitants. Outrim is also in danger. At Poo mongauy the settlers have had a hard fight to 52ve their homes. Mr. Irwin, manager of the local butter factory, was driving, when an overhead branch of a burning tree fell upon the vehicle and struck three ladies, who narrowly escaped the flames. One of the ladies was car vying a baby, whose bonnet caught fire* The Government Astronomer states that the heat wave under which Mel bourne has been suffering for the past five days establishes a record for op pressive continuity, and there is no prospect of cooler weather for some few days. Each night since Friday, the air has been stifling .11 its musgv stillness, and whatever brerze visited Melbourne during the day time was charged with heat. The Atmosphere is hazy with smoke from bush fires, which has travelled well up to the boundaries of the Metropolis. The Government Astronomer says that were it not for the heavy clouds of smoke from the bushfires overhanging the city, the heat wonld be far more oppressive. This smoke area continues to paralyze shipping on the coast. Between Cape Otway and Wilson's Promontory the entire stre'eh of coast line is being wrapped in dense ob scurity. Tnis has been the case for the past four days, render ing a generous use of fog signals front the lighthouses necessary to warn ships of their danger. Front Ca-e Otway station alone, 900 rockets have been fired during the last four days, equal to 18 months' consum-ition under ordinary circumstance-:. Tele Erams front Gippsland and other parts of the country where the bush fires are raging show that there is no improve ment in the state of affairs. Hundreds, of settlers have been burnt out and barely escaped with their jives. Very many heartrending cases of suffering are reported. The destruction of ] propeny, including live stock, has been j on a vast scale. . 