News, Notes, and Comments. The attention of secretaries of agricultural and pastoral societies is specially directed to our index of dates of forthcoming shows. It sometimes happens that secretaries neglect to send in the dates fixed for their shows, and we are then dependent on other sources for information. Some of the dates given may therefore be incorrect, and we shall be glad to amend same if notice i3 sent to this office Our London correspondent, referring to the market for frozen rabbits, states that few New South Wales saleB were being effected in December, which was largely due to the fact that the method of packing adopted at Sydney was unsatisfactory. Prices for grown, furred,. rabbits of the best brands for ship ment from Australia next February and March are about SJd and 8Jd each c.i.f. London. Smaller sized rabbits, averaging from 21b, to 2 sib., have been sold at 7d to 7£d c.i.f. London. The protracted heat wave which passed over South Australia could not fail to prove injurious as far as the producing interests were concerned (says the ' Observer '). The bulk of the wheat crop has been gathered under favourable conditions, but it is still too early to estimate what the yield has been. The welcome change in the weather unfortunately brought no rain, and the water difficulty is proving serious in some districts. The total rainfall at Ade laide during the whole of 1897 amounted to only 15*424in., being but a fraction better than the pre ceding year. The average since 1869 is not quite 201in. A numbeT^of ^armers in South Australia intend pickling their seel with lime at next seed time. Their observations and practice confirm the reports to the effect that much of the grain is so injured by bluestone pickling that it fails to germinate, and the remainder is rendered weak and spindly as com pared with lime-pickled seed. The mysterious slaughter of valuable horses in the Canterbury district of New Zealand continues. Recently a Timor stallion and a thoroughbred stal lion were killed on successive nights. The Timor was killed by a blunt instrument being driven into fli n Virm'n onil 4-Tia Aflia* Ii/mipa kn aA. . ? ? ? a ? uxtAiu auu t-LLo umci uuiae uy buiuuing au artery. The scoundrel responsible for these acts has managed to kill 17 horses, valued at £1000, in the course of three years, and still he is at large, and horseowners are getting aimed men to sleep in their stables. The crops have ripened very rapidly under the in fluence of the intense heat, and 'harvest is now general in New Zealand (says the ' Canterbury Times'). The district reports give a rather better account of the condition of the wheat crop than was anticipated, the recent showers having been of much benefit to any which were not too far gone for recovery when the rain came. The crops are, how ever, almost without exception, very thin, and even on the best land sheaf-carriers are being brought into requisition on some of the farms for the first time. Rain is urgently needed for grass and roots. Better news concerning the frozen meat trade with frozen and chilled meat, so that there will De no artificial barriers to the enterprise. The farmers in several parts of Gippsland (V. ) have suffered heavy losses from bush fires. Thousands of acres have been swept clean of grass and crops, and numbers of farm houses and miles of fencing de stroyed. A butter factory and plant value 1 at over £2000 was destroyed. In the Nerrim district alone the damage is estimated at £10,000. The Frozen Meat Association in London has de cided to urge that meat should be shipped as soon as possible after it is frozen. The holding of the carcases before shipment is said to be a fruitful source of stale condition and consequent low prices. The Victorian Ministry while disposed to assist winegrowers is averse to the oft-discussed^ pi oposal to establish a central wine cellar. The Cabinet con siders that the cellar might create a monoply, to the injury of small growers. No offer was received for the Stainburn Downs station in.the Mitchell district, Queensland, when the place was put up at auction in Melbourne on the loth instant. It is reported that some sort of disease lately attacked the .sheep's eyes in the Carcoar district, iu some cases roudering them quite blind. The preliminary statement showing the estimated total produce and yield per acre of wheat, barley, and oats in Great Britain in 1897, with comparative statements for 1896 and the average of the 10 years 1887-96, has been issued by the Board of Agriculture. The estimated total produce of wheat is given as 54,913,230 bushels iu 1897, compared with 57,052, 952 bushels in 1S96 ; the acreage being 1,887,805, again?! 1,693,957. The estimated yield per acre is29*ii!' bushels, against 33*68 bushels in 1896, the average i.: the 10 years being 29*49 bushels. Of barley the total produce is estimated at 66,803,879 bushels, again -. 70,774,776 bushels, the yield per acre being given at 32,8'2, against 33*63, while the average of the 10 years was 32*82. Of oats the produce is estimated at 116,812,461 bushels, against 114,015,907 bushels, the estimated yield per acre being 3S*49, against 36*83 last year, the average for the 10 years having been 38*13. The boycott of the co-operative societies by hutches and agents in Scotland and parts of England v, collapsing when the last mail left. At the same t efforts were being made to attack co-operatioi. other lines of trade. It iB asserted that the co-op' . .. tive movement is destroying individualistic on. r prise, to which the co-operative people reply, th - c if individuals will sell at the same prices, and other wise conduct their business on the same lines as the co-operative societies they can, of course, compete with them. The difficulties which beset all attempts to form a combination in tbe meat trade have been too many for the proposed movement in Queensland beef, and, as predicted in the last communication, the present attempt bas gone to join the large list of previous failures (writes our London correspondent). All true friends of the colonies must deplore this result, but until the freezing companies on the other side of the world combine for the common good no satis factory improvement can be brought about. It is utterly futile to attempt to form combinations here among the various selling agents. A co-operative milling company is being promote*/ at Forbes, the capital of which is to be £5,0-W, in 1000 shares of £5 each. Dr. Calder is undertaking the flotation, and there are indications that the pro ject will be entirely successful. Writing of the frozen meat market on December 10, our Londou correspondent stated The price* for home-fed and home-killed mutton and beef nr. lower on the fortnight, while there is a stiffening r f values in the frozen meat market. In mutton, the increased value has been confined to small sheep, of which New South Wales has had a fair share. In hard beef there is a general advance for bes' quality fores and hinds to the exteut of Jd to |d per lb. The current quotation for Sydney sheep, best quality, is 2|d to 2j}d, but to make the latter price they have to be bright and good quality. We have received the first number of ' The Farm aud Dairy,' a monthly journal edited by Mr. A, G. Ye wen, and published in Sydney. The new ven ture is described as an Australian products journal, and in an article setting forth its policy it is an nounced that whatever seems to be the best course to pursue to promote the interest of dairy farmers and enhance the value of dairy and farm produce will be followed by the journal. Mr. J. L. Thompson, Agricultural Lecturer of the Department of Agriculture, delivered a lecture last week in the Mechanics' Institute, Wentworth, on matters pertaiuing to agriculture. The Mayor (Mr. Bowring) took the chair. The attendance was very large, and the audience thoroughly enjoyed the lecture. The audience included a large number of farmers, some of whom came distances exceeding 100 miles, and several Mildura settlers, who were highly pleased. The farmers consider they have re ceived valuable hints, and regard the nsit as the best move made in the district for many years. On the previous evening Mr. Thompson was enter tained at a banquet by the Mayor, aldermen, aud townspeople. The continued heat and strong dry winds are playing havoc with the little pnrched vegetation remaining in the Pambula district. Cattle are falliDg off terribly, whilst out back both south aud west they are dying in large numbers. If rain does not fall speedily several large dairy men purpose sending their stock north along the coast for feed. Waterholes are perfectly dry now that have not been so for years. The Painbula River, from which the town draws its supply, is now little more than a series of waterholes, the quality of the water being unfit for household use, and causing considerable sickness. The exports of live stock by rail from Deniliquin to Victoria, for the past year were 615 cattle, 90,558 sheep, 117 horses, and 39 pigs. In the Deniliquin district it is estimated that there will be a loss of over 150,000 sheep, 7.00 horses, nearly 2000 cattle, compared with last year s returns, which is accounted for principally by the severe drought experienced during the past three years, more particularly last year. Thirty -two trucks, containing about 12,000 car cases frozen mutton* were sent from the Deuiliqum works during the week ending the 8th instant for export to London. Our Albury correspondent writes : — Not for many years has the heat been so severe and con tinuous. The results are becoming serious in the drying up of the i^ater supply. Stripping in nearly all cases is more or less pinched. Orchards in several parts of the district are completely stripped of fruit and leaves by grasshoppers, and in Eome instances insects have attacked the bark of trees. Many vineyards on the Victorian side of the river are suffering from the long drought. Reports from the Tibooburra district received at Wilcannia state that the open country north and east of Connulpie Downs is in a wretched state, the water being nearly done, and there being no feed whatever. One of the Connulpie Downs boundary riders found six horses perishing at the fence. Two were dead, and one died immediately after being given a drink._ The rainfall at Tibooburra for 1S07 amounted to 6 inches 82 points. During last year Messrs. Murray Brothers shipped 2,700,000 superficial feet hardwood timber from their Mangrove Creek sawmills to Queensland, Victoria., and New Zealand (writes our Chatsworth Island correspondent). Nearly 200 hands are employed in the various departments, and a small township has sprung up in the vicinity. Some people resort to prayers for rain as a last resource in drought, but this is by no means the final effort of the residents of the Castanas depart ment of San Salvador. Last year the principal people assembled, and having stated that notwith standing prayers, processions, and praises, no rain had fallen, and the crops had been ruined, it was therefore announced that if relief from the drought were not obtained in the space of eight days no per son would attend devotions ; if a further period of eight dry days elapsed all churches, missals, and so forth would be destroyed ; finally, if a third period of eight days elapsed without rain all priests, friars, and nuns were to be beheaded, and permission given to commit all sins. By a singular coincidence, a very heavy rainfall occurred four days after the pro clamation was issued. This remarkable record is taken from the annual report of the Smithsonian Institution, Washiugon, U.S.A. On the 14th instant at North Richmond Mevsss. Donnelly, Fisher, Sparkes, M'Owen, M'Master, Burns, Rhodes, and West, representing the Fruit growers and Farmers' Co-operative Society, and Mr. E. H, Fairbairn, the representative of the .Eng lish Co-operative Company, addressed a large num ber of local producers with a view of increasing the membership of their recently formed society. Mr. Fairbairn detailed the advantages of co-operation based on his company's experiences of 60 years. Some of the other gentlemen named presented the salient features in the various departments of their society. The Mayor of Windsor occupied the chair. Mr. V alder, principal of the Hawkesbuiy College, attended and spoke of the benefits obtainable by such combinations iu the way of securing expensive agricultural implements beyond the reach of indi viduals. , . Many joined ^he society. Several farmers at Chatsworth Island are experi menting in ramie fibre culture with a view of testing its value as a crop. The plants were obtained from the Wollongbar Model Farm. The Murrayville sawmill (Maclean) lias secured another order from the New Zealand Government for a quarter of a million superficial feet of sawn and hewn ironbark to be delivered at Greymouth and Kopu. To procure this timber about ten miles of tramline are being put down, and are now half com pleted. There is a water famine at Gmmain , the supply is completely exhausted. The progress com mittee on behalf of the residents and farmers is endeavouring to arrange with the Railway Commissioners for a water train to run from Narrandera. Matters are assuming % serious outlook, A meeting of the delegates appointed by the Farmers' Union to devise a scheme for the better method of marketing produce was held at Kempsey on Saturday, Representatives form 13 branches were present. The draft prospectus of the proposed Northern Rivers' Co-operative Com pany was approved of, and the secretary was instructed to » confer with the farmers' unions and kindred bodies on the Rorth Coast, with a view to all amalgamating in the formation of a company for the purpose of doing all the business now attended to by commission agents. The question is exercising a large amount of interest on the Mncleny, and it is considered that, if the neighbour ing districts join in, a co-operative concern of very large dimensions can be established. Two stacks of bay belonging to Messrs.C. and J. Hill of Moama, were destroyed by fire at 2 o'clock on Sunday morning laEt. An hour later the Federal Grocery was found to he on fire, but the flames were speedily extinguished. Only slight damage was done. _____ A great load of wheat has been brought into Quirinai, from Darcey, consisting of 1 15 bags. The sale of the Nangunia estate, near Berrigan, lias been fixed for February 2, at the Federal Hotel, Berrigan. The laud, which is all first-class wheat country, is to be offered in lots to suit farmers. The auctioneers are Messrs. E. J. Gorman and Co., Ber rigan, and Ryan, Hammond, and Mates, Melbourne. The flourishing concern, Rouse's Mill, at Mudgee, will be offered for sale at auction by Messrs. Hardie and Gorman, on 'Wednesday, February 2. The sale will take place at the rooms of auctioneers, Pitt street, Sydney. The roster of ensuing wool sales at the Sydney Wool Exchange is given in our advertising columns. The dry weather continues in Tasmania. The hop vines are scorched, and the stone fruits and apples are suffering severely, while potatoes and mangolds are being seriously deteriorated. With bush fires and drought the agriculturists of the island are ex periencing a disastrous period indeed. During last week the Victorian Agricultural De partment shipped to London 322 tons of butter 1S72 carcases mutton, 1123 crates rabbits, and 140' cases cream and milk, the total value being £27,SS9. Extensive bush-fires have been raging in the North and South Islands of New Zealand. Many settlers have been burned out, and the loss of stock is said to be enormous, but it is impossible to estimate the damage that has been done, as the fires have spread over great tracts of country. The hot fly has made its appearance in the Yarram district, Victoria, and is causing anxiety to many farmers, who. find that washing the affected parts of the horse with kerosene is the best treatment. An effort is being made by a Victorian agricul tural society to form a co-operation amongst farmers to hold their wheat for better prices, and resist the determined attempts of millers and speculators to hear the local market. 