LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. When the Legislative Assembly met »a Oct. 26 the introductory business was brief. The Municipal Institutions Bill was read the third time, and trans mitted to the Legislative CounciL APPROPRIATION BILL. The Premier moved the second read ing of the bill to apply a sum out of the consolidated revenue fund and from moneys to credit of the general loan fund io the services of the year ending June 30, 1S99, and to appropriate the supplies granted in this session of Par liament. He said that although the Government was anxious to close the session as soon as possible, there was no intention whatever of hurrying the proceedings in such a way as to interfere with the business on the notice-paper. The House then went into committee on the bill. A discussion (reported else where) followed on the question of Gov ernment advertising, and the bill passed the committee stage. Subse quently it went through the remaining stasre, and was ordered to be transmitted to the Legislative Council. BUSH-FIRES ACT AMENDMENT BD^L. Mr. Monger moved the second reading of the Bush Fires Act Amendment Bil£ and briefly explained the nature of its provisions. The bill was simply to re peal certain clauses of the biU. which was introduced into Parliament in 1885. The clauses referred to allowed the holder of any small holding, by giving seven days' notice, to set fire to the timber, etc., on his land. . The Director of Public Works would like members to look into tte provisions of the Act. To take away altogether the right to burn would be unfair to persons who desired to use land and wished to dear away the debris during the most suitable time of the year. Then there was the question of the Railway Department, which had often to burn in the neigh borhood of the lines. He thought that the matter needed more consideration. Mr. Venn was inclined to think that the bill had better not be passed ; but Mr. Phillips took the opposite view, that the present Act ought to be altered. Settle ment was going on, and to prevent burn ing might hinder it. Mr. Burt did not see how the bill before the House could effect any amendment, or provide anv great remedy. Mr. Harper supported the bill, and thought that if it were not passed they might hear some dav of an other 'Black Monday.' Mr.ConoUyhad eeen in the eastern colonies disastrous bush fires which had been caused in a very simple manner. In Victoria the regulations were very stringent. He was in favor of the bilL Mr. Quinlan, in taking a similar stand, said that the only argument against it was that it woold retard settlement. He thought that the proposed amendment was a desirable one. The Commissioner for Crown Lands was of opinion that the amendment deserved well of the House. In view of the closer settlement which was going on in the colony, he thought it desirable to make more stringent regu lations in regard to fires. In theeastern districts grass was becoming as good an asset as corn, and should be protected. Mr. KingsmiU was in favor of the bilL Me. Ewing thought that the imposition of a penalty would prove a great protec tion to the community. Mr. Burt rose to explain that he was not opposed to tbe bilL The second reading was car ried, and the bill then went through committee without amendment. The bill was then read the third time, and passed. COMPANIES ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Tie Companies Act Amendment Bill was considered in committee. Mr. ffigham. moved to strike out the words 'the attorney of' in clause 3. Mr. Burt was not present during the debate on the second reading, but he thought that the, proposal to make companies esta blish a colonial register was going too far. Mr. Moran said that the measure had come down from the Upper House, where it had been passed unanimously. Many local shareholders had been robbed owing to there being no local registers. He proposed only to deal with the min ing1, timber, and land companies of Western Australia. Mr. Leake sup ported the principle of the bill, but thought that the bill might have been referred to a select committee. Tbe Attorney-General said that if it was in tended to confine the scope of the bill to companies having investments in the colony an amendment would have to be made to clause 3. Mr. Dlingworth objected to the amendment, as it would nullify the effects of the bilL The com pany in London could often onty tie reached through its attorney. Mr. Mor gans referred to the evils brought about by amalgamation. Some means ought to be devised to protect local share holders against the directors in London. Mr. Burt thought that the proposal to establish colonial registers ought, to be excised, but the Attorney-General ob jected. Mr. Ewing thought that the dif ficulty would be met by making: tht Act apply only to companies dealinp with gold-Eiining, the timber industry, and the buying and selling of land. The amendment was defeated. An amend ment by Mr. High am to clanse 6 to in sert the words 'regisber of shareholders' was defeated. A new clause was passed, on the motion of the Attorney-General, to enable the Treasurer, when a company is reconstructed, and it actually consists of the same shareholders, to obtain a rebate of exemption from duty on the registration of the now- company, and giving the Treasurer power to allow tbe new company to be registered practic ally without any further duty. A new clause was added, on the mot-ion of Mr. Ewing, to Innit the operations of the first six sections of the Act to .companies engaged in the business of mining, ac quiring, cutting, or selling timber, or buving'and selling land in Western Aus tralia. Tbe bill was passed i-hroush committee, read the third time, and transmitted to the Legislative Council. PETITION. I The petition of John Gibson, on the subject of the Cottedoe contract in con nection with the construction of the Perth-Fremantle road, was considered. Mr. Monger, who presented the peti tion, explained that, owing to certain action of the Government in not supply ing a sufficient number of trucks for the- carriage of material, Mr. Gibson had suffered considerable loss. All that J he asked now was that the enirineer-in- ? ?; chief should be asked to conduct an in* , quiry into the equity of his claim foe .] compensation, and be directed io settle ;. it. Mr. Monger moved that the prayer ? of the petition be granted. i The Director of Public Works said that Mr. Gibson had taken the ordinary. ] business risk. He considered that Mr. -;? Gibson had no claim against the Gov- - eminent. A full inquiry had been made, j and no srood could come of further in- 'j quiry. Everyone knew that there was a ? great demand for trucks at the time a£ i the contract, but there was no under' '., taking to supply trucks. -: ^ Mr. Ewing said that unless there were* .? honest and legal grounds,the Director of -j Public Works had no right to give com- . ??. pensation. While on this subject, he -A said that the principle by which the ?? Government appointed one of its offi- .: cers to give a final decree ss to whether -'] compensation should be awarded ia 4 the case of a difference between the ? Government and a contractor was es- 5 sentially bad. In the present instance*. ;? however, he was with the Government. '$ Mr. Leake thought that to refuse the 2- prayer of the petition would be to act '' unfairly. The item rejected by the 3 engineer- in-chief ought to be reconsider- , j ed, on tbe ground that the Government ~i could not supply the contractor with *-j trucks. ^ The Premier thought that the peK- .J, tion asked the House to -do more than, iti .4 ought to do. The Railway and Publia _-i Works Departments were quite eepa- J rate in the matter, although they h&cE; '% been mixed up under the general head of J the Government. It would have been .-*j easy enough for the contractor to move ^ his plant if he had not had an advancet ^ on it. He saw no reason to go into arbi- V;5J tration in connection with the matter, 'Ji and could not see how they could gq '1 behind a contract. J Mr. Oldhain hoped that the petitipBj r| would be granted. ? i;j Mr. Monger replied, and divided thft | House on the motion, as follow: — ?? fi Ayes (11)— Messrs. Wilson, Oldhaaa* '| Locke, Solomon, IHingworth, Leake, ^ Monger, Higham, Wallace, Kenny, /? Moran. Hoes (9) — Sir John Forrest, ,j« and Messrs. Lefroy, Venn, Piesse, Penne- J; father, Hall, Burt, ThrosselL Ewing. ' » Majority of two in faror of the motion. % MUNICIPAL DESTITUTIONS B&i.; ;? This bill was returned by the Legis- ): Iative Council with an amendment to the ? clause dealing with private streets, pro- .?''; Tiding that the consent of the owner _;S should be obtained. The proposed :| amendment was disagreed with. ^ APPROPRIATION BILL. J The Appropriation Bill was returned | from the Legislative Council with the S suggestion that the item 'Solicitor, '|j £300' should be struck out from the -.$ railways vote. The Premier expressed. ?.% hie surprise at the amendment, it being 3 so small an item. He could have on- ' derstood an important amendment, but - not so small a thing ae that. He was ? t willing to give the Legislative Council L.'-^ all its powers, but it never was intended . | that the Upper House should interfere 'i in the details of the expenditure. Be -;1 could foresee great trouble if the Council | were' to exercise all its powers wiih re- Cj gard to small items on the Estimates. ,j| The merits of the sum did not come into J| the matter at all. It was discussed and: ? v| agreed to by the Assembly. He moved J that the amendment be not agreed io* /i Camedi. ' 3 CEMETSSIES ACT. 'j Mr. Solomon nvived the second read- ; '% ing of an act to amend the Cemeteries I Act 1897, which has for its object the - -| granting of power to the trustees of tte . j; ,-oino+oj-ioc tn horrnw monev. The bill - -= was passed through committee without amendment, and the third reading waa agreed to. INSECT PESTS. Mr. Leake moved the second reading 01 the Insect Pests Amendment BilL He said that it repealed previous Acts, an the question, and extended the pow ers of the Government in the matter* In the existing Act there was 'ao pro vision for quarantining fruit, or for giving power for inspectors to visit fruit shops, and sat isfv themselves whether any in sect pests existed there. The bill chiefly; aimed at the codiin moth. It was ru mored that, notwithstanding the Act, apples were brought- in from the eastern, colonies in tanks or cases Libelled 'jam,'- but ample provision was made in th.e Act for dealing with all these matters. It was also provided that- owners should take steps to eradicate diseases and pests, and power was given to inspectors to declare certain placet; to be infected. There would be proper supervision ower the importation o€ fruit and trees un der the Act. The present law was not sufficient to do any good. Mr. Harper supported 'tne second )) reading, which was- passed. The bill . then passed through its remaining ?' stages. *' BELLS DISCHARGED. The following Orders of the Day were discharged : — Public Education Bill. — * ? Consideration in committee of Le*risla-- tive Council's message. Shipping Casu alties Inquiry Bill. — Consideration ia committee of Legislative Council's mes sage. Criminal Appeal Bill. — Second reading. REDISTRIBUTION OF SEATS. Mr. Illingworth moved — 'That in the opinion of this House it is advisable, that — (1) The Government shouLLduring the coining recess, prepare a bill amend ing the Constitution Act in such a way ... as shall provide for a redistribution of seats (as far as is practicable) on a popu lation basis. (2) Such bill should be presented to Parliament early in the session of 1899.'' He said that after the statement of the Premier on the previous evening he did not quite, know what to do. He would like an indica tion from the Government as to its in tentions, as, if it were to be taken '93 a vote of want of confidence, he would withdraw the motion. The Premierno titicd that the motion was one of policy, and Mr. Illinsrworth withdrew it. ADJOURNMENT. At 11.20 p.m. the House adjourned to 4.30 p.m. 4o-day. 