BUSH FIRE AND SAWMILLS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY SIR,—I had time, after repairing the damage caused by the late bush fires, to visit Ida Bay and Recherche. At both places there has been terrible destruction of property. Ida Bay, a few weeks ago, was a thriving, busy place; the sawmill had been lately moved from the water's edge into the forest, the mill well cleared round and scrub burnt; men's huts, blacksmith's shop, stables, etc, built, and all the appliances for a well appointed bush mill. The mill was from 2½ to 3 miles from the water, a wood tram the means of outlet. When I visited the place yesterday what a scene of desolation! At least two miles of the road between the mill and water completely gone ; the big, burnt bed-logs and piles of the bridges, and an iron rail here and there, are the only marks one can recognize the road by. At the mill things have fared even worse. The machinery lying warped and twisted, vertical saws bent round and under beams, broken crab winches and pulleys, twisted pipes, and burnt engine, show where the mill stood. The tramway into the bush also is destroyed, and as far as I could judge yesterday the forest has been killed. The leaves of the highest trees are all scorched red, and the fire has been so fierce that in my opinion at least 90 per cent of the timber in this locality will be killed. At Recherche things are not so bad; they, both at Leprena and Catamaran, had a miraculous escape from as complete an annihilation as at Ida Bay. The same fire swept through the country from Ida Bay to within 300 yards of Mr. Cuthbert's (Leprena) saw-mill, when the change of wind came and saved them. A separate fire at the same time was raging along McDougall's tramway, starting from the bush end, and came along the road picking everything up as it came, and travelling rather faster than Mr. McDougall could run before it, and came within a quarter of a mile of the mill and homestead, when the same welcome change, as at Mr. Cuthbert's, turned the direction of the fire's course, thereby saving the mill and homes of at least 150 people, if not the lives of many, as the only place of refuge would have been the sea. McDougall Bros. have started to rebuild the road, and to go along that 2½ to 3 miles of burnt wreck, and see at its end the beautiful log-hauling engine, with two boilers, half a mile of wire rope, and all the bush appliances, it makes one think can this be avoided? or the risk lessened in any way? The loss here will not be less than £1,000, and by good luck (there seems no reason) the log-hauling machinery and wire-rope are not burnt; all the other bush appliances and tools are destroyed. We have some men in our Parliament with our members, who profess to take great interest in the industries of Tasmania. Could not they devise some scheme and influence the Government to supply the sawmillers with iron rails, and have these risky wooden tramways done away with? If the saw- millers were supplied with the rails they would construct the roads, which would be the property of the Government, and would remain a permanent outlet for settlers for all time, and be the means of hundreds of men taking up blocks of land after the heavy timber had been cleared off, but at present the wood road is rotten in a few years, if not burnt before, and at any time costs too much to keep in repair for any settler to depend on it as a means of getting his produce down. The cost would be so little to do so much good. £10,000 spent in rails would meet all the requirements, and for that sum the Government would get 40 to 50 miles of permanent road leading into the best lands in Tasmania. Trusting this matter will be taken up, and good will come out of present misfortune. Yours, etc., JOHN HAY No. 3. Hastings, January 19. 