THE TERRIBLE BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. MELBOURNE, Monday. The southerly breeze winch set in on Saturday continued to-day, aud the weather was pleasantly cool; but reports from the inland parts of the colony show that the atmosphere is still hot. - At Horsham to-day the thermometer registered 104° in the shade. Bush tires have been raging in tiie Grampians Dow lor over a fortnight, and appear to ba increasing in- violence. All the jricbly grassed country south of the Grampiaua, and known as Moora Moora, has been burnt. The fire has made its way over the mountains, aud by the latest reports appears have reached Mr. G. Carter's station, Rosobrook. _A few settlers have suffered very severely. The Rosebrook homestead was attacked yesterday, but after a iierce iight tho 4twuiwd fl ames were driven back. The _ Mre tire JiHo has HOW now reached Wonwondah Stat on. owned bv Mr. Mosinan. The conflagration is tlie larg. st that has occurred in tlie Horsham district for many years, aud has swept an immense tract 0f country, destroving thousands of acres of grass and miles ol "fencing-, Reports from Benalla contain news of alarming bush-fires in the neighbourhood of IUU11II, Toombullup, U11 Lima, Toorna, ^ ^ ^ ^ and Boho. s overal fjres'in the ranges have been burning for some weeks past, and have been confined j cl,i eQy to hilly and barreii country, but with - known that the .selections of Messrs. Gould- We'ib, Stui)b3, J. Druinmond, and Wright, in the Toombullup aiid Sama'ria district, have been entirely swept by the flames, and it is feared that soveral homesteads are also demolished.. In Mia iVarreubayne district Mrs! Hoskins and Messrs. Iredale and Williams are the principal sufferers. Should strong southerly or westerly winds continue for a few days, the fires will be carried on to the rich flat country, and the results must prove disastrous, as every thing is dry as tinder. ' News has been received from Rothsay, fourteen miles from Bennlla, that a destructive lire , swept the district yesterday. Mr. James Steel lo^t a JariTO quantity of -grass. Another settler, named MiSweeney, lost his homestead, milk sheds, and outouihling, and a large area of grass. Messrs. McDonald^ Tremavne, and Holden lost heavily in grass and fencing. ' Intelligence is to hand from Traraigon that bush fires have caused great damage. The Mechanics Institute at Blackwarry has been crushed by a couple of blazing trees, which fell upon the buildiug. Several settlers have lout everything except their lives, The fires which caused havoc south of,Traralgon last week, and which burned towards Hazelwood and Morwell, doubled • back yesterday under tho influence of a westerly breeze, but not much damage was done, General apprehension, however, still exists, s the firea are only smouldering, and any sudden gust of wind may fan them into renewed activity. Rahi i« longed for by everybody as the only hooe of deliverance. 