Another count (says the orld has bcenaddcd to the Idng inditmeintt pre ferred against the'" bike", on sanitary and physiolrvidcal grounds.::.:,Having been succes.ively assured that iEt'shat=' ters the .nerve,- deforms the figure, strains the eyesight and fills the lungs with grit, we are now called upono. to sympathise witliite unfortunate slaves of the wheel (femile,. I presume) who discover, when they attempt to trans, for their activities from "thie road to thd ballroom; that cycling has destroyed their "elasticity" for the purposes of the mazy dance, 'that their waltz steps have become awkward and ridiculous, and that, in short, they cannot serve the cycle god and Terpsichore. Wheel ing and whirling would thus appearr to be irreconcilable pastimes, and revers ing and ,back-pedalling incompatible accomplishments. But even if the case be made out, and 'the "cycling leg" be proved a'sufficient reality to establish the impossibility of enjoying both forms of recreation, it is more than-doubtful whether, in the majority of cases, it will be the wheel that goes to the wall. "Wainderer" does not know of any cases, of leg stiffness amongst his gentlemei biking and dancing friends, and in or der to obviate the codiplaint amongst the ladies he, would recommend- them to "rub down" after their wheel exerc cise, the same as the gents do. I lisre it on good authority that: "palmoil" (i.e., "rubbing down") is the best thing out for stiffess. I have ,been under: the' impression' thatVictbria hs 'fst licen establish: -,ug a :Divoroe Court- ;recodrd since;:t lin: that th ?b y'niilsare beating- us hollow n tilat respect. lIn the last 'So dears 500,000 diaoresk have beeh granted'in the United States,-ands it is interesting to note the duration of the average mar riage in these cases. For the 10 years from 1807 to 1880 statistics show that the divorce high-water mark belongs to those who have been married four years. Beginning with those who have t been married one year the' total isi roundly 15,000. The four years mar ried total nearly double, 27,000. -" The figures then slide off, but until, they reach those who have been married nine years, the one year total'is not touched. It then'decreases steadily' until the 20 years married nuimber 4000. Those who have been married -21 years and over, and still find it necessary to dis solve the bonds that unite, make'the enormous total is reached.. Evidently. compatibility need not increase as the years fly by. Something akin to the following has been the experience of.the rural pro:. ducer in Victoria respecting the' spar row, fox and- rabbit pests:-Sableo Is= land, near Nova Scotia, was overrun with rats, and the lonely islanders, whose chief duty is the relief of ship wrecked mariners, inported a cargo of cats from the Canadian mainland. The cats did-their work of slaughter so well that they soon had to fall upon the rabbits(with which theisland is stocked) for. food, and themselves became so t plentiful that an importation of foxes had to be made to keep them in check. T'he.foxes, like the cats, did their work. too well..- They not only exterminated the cats, but killed all the young. birds and destroyed thousands of eggs. Tired of warfare, the islanders are now appealing to the Government to exter minate the' foxes. I .would suggest that 'they :import a few Australian bu'shfires for the purpose. "?-, : SThere is still a ray of hope for . the pe' r pr'essi S.: :Says ?Psceie.: -'-T._he' owner of one of the papers in the Wes =: tern. J)istrict is the onily newspaper iproprietor in Victoria wIho wears .the full uniform of the Salvation. Army and nightly protests' "in the, public -.thoroughfare that he is bound for his ''appy 'ome on 'igh.' There' is a popular opinion that it would be easier for an elephant to crawl through a gas pipe than for a pressman to be ' saved,': but the fact mentioned goes to prove that the- army: metliods' are equal .to any emergency.": Some\, interesting : statistics have lately' been given to :the world "as to the .gamblicg at Monte Carlo. They are contained' in a phamphlet?: by.a shareholder, who .desires that -his' fellow-shareholders should kneow pre cisely. where: they are.": :;.The :huge gambling business is run by a company with: a capital of `£1,200000." For: the -:last season the, incdoi :.was. S£1,5 10,000 and .tlhe outgoings .these: To the Prince• and principality, £O130,000; mainitenance odf: the Casino, £83 1,000; divideindsL £576,000, equal to £9 ;12s per £20 slhare; :As the Prince is .striking :for ?b re of -the boodle, t:-his: righteously?indignanh t shareholder has published ithd figures Sii order; as ':l:e says; that justice may Sbe: done' to.: tlhe shareholders of : the c i ompaiy.:' Whenh shlarelolders?-a-n -"a Sgamibling hell receive niiearly fiEfi per cenit interest on6 the namount of ?capital inivestied they can scarcely ..expect : much outside synpatliy iga t inst such " injustice".' '-p::: r . t::.. : : s:i: Thie. efficacy o6f prayer ava. thus touched riup?in lately, according to a SGip?a~and paper, which says:- In the course of a dsscourse delivered by the : Rev . A West in the Weslyan Church :.on' S$indaylmbrnaing last,- he related . :the following rather thrilling experience ::a:nd in-these days of doubt and scep :ticiimj it is refreshing to know that ""s:ioime people believe their prayers are 'hea?d:.--When the fire was ragug -rbohnd 4Irlimurlilast week, the flames rushed up the hill and speedily caught :- the Wesleyan Church,which was burnt to the ground in less than 15 minutes. A poor old couple, the ages of whom totalled 140 years and whose place was only 15 ft. from thle church, when they saw the flames catch that build ing, considered they had no chance, Sbut the old lady suggested to her hus band they should go outside their : house and pray. Opening the back Sdoor they went out, and in the blind ing smoke, with the flames roaring within a short distance of them, they knelt down and prayed "that God would save their homo and His poor old servants." The prayer was answered, for the flames, after de molishing the church swept past the cornerof the old couple's house, and quickly set ablaze the dwelling of their neighbour, who, after ten years ihard work, finds himself stripped of everything. The preacher said some Speople would say the place was saved owing to a chngeo of wind, but whether Sthis was so or not, at one time no earthly power could have saved the house or the old couple, and they :.firmly believed their prayer had been h' eard. 