NEWS OPTH.K VVOBLD. The estate of the late Mr. W. K. Simms has been sworn at .£345,000. Disastrous buBbfircs in New Zealand and l Victoria. FJoods in Queensland. A Dresden watchmaker lias manufactured a watch from paper. Fire at Coolgardie. Four chops des troyed. Damage, £2,000. English cholera -at Menzies, W.A. Twelve eases in one day. A contract for the erection of the new Art Gallery on North - terrace, Adelaide, has been accepted at £18,000. Earthquake at Ainboina in the Eastern Archipelago. Fifty persons killed and 200 seriously injured. A tornado at Arkansas, U.S.A., caused immense damage. Thirty-one persons crushed to death m falling buildings. The yield of gold in Victoria for 1897 was 812,765 ozs. This is the highest out put since 1882. It is stated that during the two years ending December J62o0,000 was spent in buildings within the limits of Adelaide. The Boyal Arsenal at Woolwich employs about 40,000 -workmen, ,aud has 40 miles of internal railway. The will of the Indiana man who left $35,090 t-o found a home for old maids has been declared invalid by the court, the testator being of unsound mind. It has been estimated that the total number of persons attending Sunday schools throughout the world cannot be less than 18,000,000 with 2.000,000 of teachers. The Christian Scientists have dedicated in Chicago the largest church of that denomination in the world. It cost more than J620.000, and seats 2,000 people. Jobn Phillips, a Coolgardie contractor, ended his life by putting a penknife in his throat. He recently 'jumped From a train. Be was suffering from melancholia. Three guests at a marriage at Thursday Island shot. Two were dangerously wounded. Jealousy is supposed to be the eanse of the crime. The bride and bride groom escaped uninjured. The latest American " Smoke" novelty is paper cigars. The cigars are made from sheets of paper which have been soaked in tobacco juice, pressed, and cut by machinery. Oscar Tuttle of Santa Cruz, Cal., was splitting kindling wood^when he tackled a large piece of redwood. He found a five cent piece of 1850 lodged in the centre of the limb. It was blackened by the sap. Among the exhibits at the convention of the Western Packers' Canned Goods Association, in IndianapoliB, were two cans containiug beef soup, part of a lot pre pared for the United States navy in 1819. Fourteen firemen of the Bulimba struck work at Port Melbourne last Sunday, giving as a reason that Sunday work in port was against the regulations. The men state that their action is purely a protest against leaving port on Sunday.' The farmers at Berrigan and Cobram, New South Wales, are combining to export a large parcel of^their wheat, in conse quence of the low price offered locally. It is said the yield there has exceeded expecta tions. _ An English woman who -has written'a history of Wales and dedicated it to the Prince of Wales, has sent hiui a presenta tion copy which is bound in solid gold extracted from the recently developed mines in that country. The Phenix (Ccft.) :Gaxette is responsible for the statement that a farmer near that place took out of one hill no less than two hundred and fourteen sweet potatoes, not one weighing less than one pound, and many tipped the scales at twelve. . Miss Eila Ewing, tiring near Rainbow, i Mo, 18 years old, is now seven feet eight inches high, weighs 225lbs, wears a number 15 shoe, which she has to have made to order, and her shoemaker has to order a special last. The girl's parent are about the usual size. Achurch capable of seating 3,000 people was built between daybreak and midnight on a recent Saturday in Chicago. The con tract for erecting the shurch was signed on Friday night at midnight, and the buiding was dedicated on Sunday morning. No floor was laid, the ground boing simply covered with shavings, but modern con veniences, such as furnaces and electric lights, were not omitted. PARLIAMENT DISSOLVES by affluction of ' time, but Time's fight only adds to the power of disease if means are not taken to ' eradicate it. indigestion, stomach and iiver complaints especially require urgent treatment, and' there are no medicines known which act upon these particular ailments with such success as Holloway's Pills. These grand remedies strengthen the stomach, increase the appetite and rouse the sluggish liver. For bowel coey plaints they are invaluable, as they remove every primary derangement. They may be used at all times and in all climates by persons affected by biliousness or nausea; for flatulency and heartburn they are specifics. Indeed, no ailment .of the digestive organs can resist them purifying and corrective yowers. 