L,ocal axid General. DON'^C FORGET the picnic ia connection with the Wesleyan Sunday School to be held to day in Mrs. Harrison's paddock. T6a provided for adults at. 1/ each fit 4'p.m.'. ' ) V HAVE-xod TRIED Rutherford's malt bread ? It is Bolf-digostivc, and contains- groat nutriment. Send for a'loaf.-^* ' /] . .v'; V' -'MITTAGONG.-Mr. J. J.Murray wag on Satur day-elected, to fill the iaoanoy oauscd in the muni cipal oounoil by. the' retirement of Alderman j. Hil det, with 55 votes. Mr. W. Westbury ^polled 53. Th6 neWly olected aldorman ia a brother to: the mayor of Bowral.1 . . . . , THE VVESLBYAlSf CONFERENCE,at its sitting on Saturday.ljgtj.ugreed to the following bping made supernumeraries :-Tho Rev. T. R. McMichael,' per manently ;' the Revs., W. Henry, S., H. Macda'cfo, and'K. A. Corner, for orie year'. .' ,. ST.*3UDE'S» BOWRAL.-Mr. Henry H. Shop herdi son-of .Mr. T. II. Shepherd of .Berrinia,. has been appointed' organist at St; "Judo's" Charoh! of. England,' Bowral. Wo have much pleasure" in drawing attention to Mr. Shepherd's advertisement in another column. ^ VENOMOtJS 'RErrTILES. -March being now at hand, it will be well £or.aU''£eraons who go" oiif' in1' to the bush or scrub lands to keep a good look out for snakes. In this month all our venomous reptiles bring forth their jour,g, and the females, being more thq.n ordinarily vicious, dare, should bp exercised in looking ahead in spots frequented, by snakes. The German and AtiEtrian papers predict that the fanaticism displayed.in. connection with: the'.Zola trial will re-act upon tho French republjo:. . At.ti.WHO SUFFER from weak digestion should eat Rutherford's malt bread,, it is highly recommonded. Ask for cart to call.-* AXhe list of officers under the control of the Pub-. lie Service Board', has beeu . published.. It contains 15,211 different names, and shows an annual expen diture of £1,844,581. The saving in salaries attec tsdthroughretrenohment and re-adjustment,amountq j tb £267,890, 'besides £25,000 saved from stores, and £9000 from travelling expenses, The total savings effeoted by the Publio Service Board repre sent.the interest on £8,600,000. There has been a reduction of £70.501 per annum in the salaries paid in the Justioe Department. ; i Mr, Longadale, M,P<, at-tho Wesleyan .Confer ence, prayed heaven to', bave.Vmeray on the'Wan soul of a subscriber who has ceased his subscription owing to tho imposition of the land and'income taxes, i The second Albani ooncert at the Town-Hall on Saturday night attracted an immense audience. The takings exceeded £1000. ... MKS CONOLLrS LECTURE on Napoleon Buonaparte and the . Empress Josephine will take place in the Bowral School of Arts; .next Saturday evening. Mrs. Conolly informs us that a largo nrim-f ber of tickets have already been sold, and as she comes highly rocommended there should be a good house. , . Several Now York newspapers are inciting tho Government to declare war against Spain, alleging that .the disaster to the warship Maine .wag due t.p, Spanish treachery. Intelligence received from New York states that America is totally unprepared for war.,. Through an accident in<the British mine at Bro ken-bill early on Monday morning, three miners . were killed instantly and two truckers were injured. Mr.Paris Nesbitt, Q.C.,has been removed from the Adelaide Gaol, where he was serving p. Heijtence.for, contempt.of Court, to the,. ^F&rkaide; 'rLun'ittic Asy lum., . .' . - A large number of municipal councils have deci ded to co-operate in asking the Government for funds to carry out the Public Health Act....... , WESLEYAN.-As per second reading of stations, Rev. A. H. Johnstono has been stationed, at Glen Innes..^ , .. ?.v... . v< ? \ v There are 184,464 miles of railway in the United States. .. , 'J . DEATH OP MRS.SELLORS.-Mrs.Seilprs.wifo oi the -Re*. ?r. Sc'lpsp, ..of .Stanmore Wesleyan Qhatcfc, died on Saturday evening at the residence oi her bjn, Mr. Richard Sellers, Chctswood. For Bevcralmontl)B_ pt-st Mrs.Sellorg liad hid bad .health end in the eii'd passed away' peac'gfuilj"in "the'.pre sence of her husband and family. Her age. w$3 forty-riine..,. . , , ? THE WEATHKR has presented an unsettled ap. pearance the last ftiw days, but no rain has fallen. A. good" shower would bo acceptable. Thunder storms are reported in the west. Good rains have fallen in South Australia and over the West Aus tralian goldfields ; Also in Queensland, Territiic heat was experienced in Tasmania and .yictoria last week with a renewal of disastrous bush-fires. . RUTHERFORD'S WHITE BREAD guarranteed 100 per cent more malt than any other bread .in the district. Try it.-* 