To some people small discomforts com bine to make op the real miseries of existence. Others, however, are so cosmopolitan in their tastes and ac- commodating in their disposition that nothing can disturb their chronic equanimity. They could linger round and enjoy the endless variety of the City of Stinks; they could swim in the lower Yarra at ebb tide and declare it most refreshing, and regard with in difference the back yard Lares and Penates of their neighbors decorating the approaches to their private resi dences as they emerge each morning to attend to business. Of any such it might be said as of Peter Bell— "A primroaa by the river’* brim A yellow primrose is to him. And it is nothing more.” To a man of this sort a varied col lection of battered kerosene cans filled with garbage, which, daring weather such as we are now having, scents the gale a thousand yards away, serve to relieve rather than disfigure the rows of straggling bluegums which adorn the Btreet. He does not pass over to the other Bide, but faces the music, and like the good Samaritan gives friendly heed to the strangera by the way, and tells his neighbors, perhaps, if they make en quiries, that he rather likes it. Dean Swift, who was not very particular himself, described nice men as gentle men with nasty ideas, bat he was mis taken. He is the nice man, appa rently, who can endure any amount of nastiness with a cheerful smile, and an encouraging inclination of the head. He views dirt as the chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works does sewage—as a mere chemical agent. He does not call the attention of the police to what many others would view as a nuisance, or complain to the council, or write to the local paper to vent his indignation. Yet just con sider the feelings of the man of ner vous refined temperament, of decent and respectable habits haring to pass daily through such experience. What a vale of sorrows must this bright, gladsome world be made to him. Visions of gaping and unsightly recep tacles replete with horrors hannt him, wrenching his olfactory nerves, and making him feel as though he were the victim of a nightmare. The northerly blast sweeps round the corner of the street heavily laden with pulverised filth, which a scavenger foolishly' at tempts to place in an open and shallow cart, designed to distribute its con tents pro iono publico. In Ballarat the vast majority of citizens favor what is clean, decorous, and convenient. They are neither indifferent to what is an outrage upon decency, nor yet too high-toned to object to a temporary but inevitable eye-sore. They leave ques tions of this nature as they arise to be dealt with by the City Council and their officers, relying upon their intelligence and fidelity in the discharge of their duties. How, if there is one fact more incontrovertible than another in relation to our city, it is this—that the dust-fiend is like the pestilence that stalketh in darkness and the arrow that, flyeth at noon-day. The super stition of old was that the plague only swept away the bad people, as a punishment for their trans gressions, but' the dust plague is no reapector of persons. It assails, pursues, and searches out the good and the bad without distinction, and its operations are materially assisted by the City Council. Last year, at a time when Ballarat was thronged with visi tors, a loud outcry was raised against the contract system, by which the house refuse had to be put out in front of each dwelling, packed in some tin or wooden receptacle, while the channel muck was swept up in small heaps upon the roadway. The dust carts came round on certain days, but usually before their arrival the accumulated scrapings had been blown into people’s eyes or into space. The tins and boxes emptied of their contents were thrown about the road way, to be kicked and trampled or left standing for a day or two in statu quo, presenting a series of sickening objects, that for aught people knew might be propagating contagion. Cr Shoppbb, who was then city mayor, endeavored to abate the nuisances, but as a contract stopped the way to any improvement, it was decided to allow the citizsns to sniff and endure until the contract expired, and then thepublic would see a period to their suffer ings. Cr Elliott, our present mayor, having his municipal eye to business, recently visited Melbourne and the leading metropolitan suburbs, in order to inform liis mind as to whether they ordered those things better “ down town,” and submitted the result of his explorations in a report to the City Council at yesterday’s meeting. The dimensions, style and mode of working the several descriptions of corporation carts were carefully noted, and the benefit of the mayor’s observations submitted to the council. The members of the council, , to do them justice, appeared to appreciate the action of the mayor, and ap proved of the suggestion made to adopt -for general use a dust box of a certain size, aud a cart that would serve to minimise the nuisance inevit able apparently from their use as at present. It is a slight move in the right direction to insist upon covered receptacles for house refuse, not to exceed -4 cubic feet, similar to those used in Prahran. It would be desir able to frame a regulation requiring householders to remove their dusk boxes as soon as they are emptied, or better still, compel the contractor’s men to take the dust boxes from the yards or rights-of-way and return them. We shall have to suffer the evils of the present contract system for at least another six months, in order to enable the engineer to consider wbat improvements can be effected in this direction, a resolution to that purport having been adopted. The onus of seeing that the work is done properly and that the regulations are efficiently enforced, should be thrown upon the officers of the council, and the hope of the citizens will be that there will no longer be occasion for growling, as there has been in the past. Another such victory as Mr Reid scored in the defeat of Mr Lyne’s vote of censure would be an irretrievable disaster. The Government obtained a majority of four only in a House of eighty, and it was not until the last moment that two members of the Labor party (Messrs Sleath and Nield) were whipped up to record their votes for the Ministry. Such is the tenacious grip of the Premier upon the Government benches however, that with a majority of one he would con tinue to hold to office and defy his opponents. He boasted of being cer tain of fourteen votes majority, and it was an eye-opener to the old warrior to find himself so much out in his cal culations. Were Mr Barton in the Assembly his presence would have so animated the Opposition and restored confidence to the waverers, that Mr Reid might, with Wolset, have bid farewell to all his greatness, and ex claim, paraphrasing the lament of the old cardinal— ‘‘lf I bad served ray country ai I have served my party, I would not have been left in ray old age To the mercy of ray enemies.’’ It must not be supposed from this that Mr Reid takes a sentimental view of the situation. He is resolved to throw all his personal and political weight into the election for Hastings, in order to bring about Mr Barton’s discomforture in retaliation for the leader of the Convention having op posed him at the King election. As he was leaving Sydney for that pur pose, he stated that he was “ bringing with him hia bowl of poison for Barton and Want (the Attorney- General) had lent him (Rbid) his bludgeon.” This waa a vulgar bur lesque of the atory of the Fair Rosa mond, .who loved her king not wisely but too welL The members of the Opposition are naturally wild with indignation at the action of the Premier. The sitting member for Hastings re signed in favor of Mr Barton, who was honorably entitled to a walk-over, as he had declined to stand against the new Ministers. Mr Sydney Smith’s candidature in opposition to Mr Bar ton is said to be a strategy on the part of a local property bolder, who thus argued;—“ If we bring down Smith, the Minister of Works will come down to assist him, and we can make a bar gain that we will work for the Govern ment if we get our roads improved.” The bait was taken greedily, and the Minister publicly accompanied Mr Smith, and introduced him to the elec tors in this fashion; “ Gentlemen, permit me to present to you your future member.” This inci dent had such an excellent effect that the smart property owner next invited Mr Reid, who also fell into the trap. By latest advices the electors were daily treating their Ministerial visitors to jolting expeditions over local gluepot roads, greatly to the disintegra tion of the Premier’s abnormal develop ment of adipose tissue. The best of the fun is that the Ministers and the ’cute folks of Hastings do not nppear to see through the transparent joke and continue to act as though they were fully assured of "dishing” the Bartonites. Political feeling is thus worked to fever heat until the feud between the Premier and Mr Barton becomes daily more embittered. The last move, we learn, is that steps are being taken to petition against Mr Reid’s return for the King Division. Un fortunately for Federation, the ques tion is only made a stalking horse for the purposes of political and personal antagonism. It seems evident that while Mr “ Facing-Both-Ways ” Reid holds office Federation must remain in abeyance. Whan the Legislative Conncil mants to-day the Marriage Law Amendment Bill will be farther considered in committee, and amend ments dealing with the matrimonial agenoy evil will be discussed. The Administration and Probate Acta Amendment Bill is set down for further consideration in committee, and the Wages Attachment Bill for its second reading. In the Legislative Assembly the Railway and Public Works Loan Application Bill will be further considered in committee, and snch items of proposed expenditure as the encouragement to the viticultnral industry, the establishment of dairy schools, advances to mining companies and prospectors, assist ance to outlying shires, and purchase of defenos material will bo discussed. When this measure hag beau disposed of the Railway Loan Application Bill, sanctioning the expenditure of £202,000 on the new Flinders street station,lwill be dealt with, after whioh the Municipalities Advances Bill, authorising ndvauoea to shires to repair damage done by bush-fires and to Malles shires to oonstruct water tanks, will be considered. It is the intention of the Premier to ask private members to forego their business on Wednesday evening, so as to allow the measures referred to, and the various finanuial bills explained by the Treasurer a fortnight ego, to be pushed through ail tbsir stages and seat to the Coun cil. If possible the Land Bill will ba discussed this week, but if it should not bs reached before Thursday evening it will be the first business in the Huuae next week. It was rumored late last night that the water supply is so far assnrsd that water was being ran into the lake from the G mg Gocg. Yesterday was one of tbs most unpleasant) days experienced for months past. Though winter can scarcely be said to be at an end aa yet, a genuine hot wind blew for part of the day, raising terrible olonds of dost. Now that the water supply for the sommer is assured, it would be well for the civio authorities to make arrangements with the Water Commis sioners under whioh the streets might be watered when dust ie flying so freely as it was yesterday. Late last night there was every, appearance of rain, which may be expected after such unseasonable weather as that of yesterday. A deputation from the Art Gallery waited on the City Council yesterday with a request that that body would acme to the assistance of the institution, which, as is well known, is in financial straits just now. The deputation pointed nut that the Government had promised them £6O if they could raise a like amount towards relieving the stress. Mr Nevstt, one of the speakers, said that the Chief Secretary bad promised him on Saturd iy that the Government grant should be forthcoming at once if the other £6O were raised, and all ex pressed the hope that each a fine gallery would not be allowed to collapse through want nf funds. The mayor pointed out that the f mt that the committee of the gallery were reduoing expenses was sufficient indication nf their intention to put things right, and the conncil wonld under these circumstances feel it a duty to assist them. Cr Shoppae Baid that it would be a calamity if. the gallery were allowed to dose, aud he moved that £25 be granted at once. Other councillors, however, while expressing sympathy with tbs com mittee of the gallery, thought that the matter should be held over for consideration with the eatiinatos; but eventually Cr Shoppee’s motion, which waa eeoohded by Cr Morey, was carried by a majority of one.. The dense clouds of dnst that were blown abont the City and Town yesterday emphasised the necessity for watering the streets, and the Town engineer happily succeeded in lessening the disoomfort in the Town by having water oarted from the Sulieman mine and dis tributed in Main roid, Bridge, Humffray, and Peel streets. An elderly woman named Sarah Mansfield died very snddenly in the oity yesterday. She had been attending to soma business in a solicitor’s office, and on ooming out was seen to stagger aud fall, apparently in a faint. A glass of water was prnnnred, and of this she partook, bat as it was evident that she waa seriously-ill, Constable Patterson engaged a cab, into which the unfortunate woman was lifted and conveyed to the Hospital, but before reaching that institution she died. As she had not bean attended by a medical man, the onroner, Mr R. R. Johns, P.M., to whom the circumstances were report ed, directed that a post mortem examination be made by Dr Gardiner, and on the result nf the report re ceived from that gentleman will decide whether an enquiry is necessary. Dr Gardiner had only time to make a partial examination last night; ha will oomplete the autopsy to-day, and forward his report to the police authorities. The deceased, so far as onnld be ascertained .Yesterday, had no relatives in the distriot. Sho at one time lived in.the oity, but of late had rented a room at the old Crown and Sceptre hotel, in Peel street. She was in poor circumstances, and had been speaking of endeavoring to seenro a aitmtion. The City Conncil yesterday received a letter from the Gas Company, stating that if they are prepared to givo the company a five years’ contraot, the latter is ready to supply single Wellsbach lamps at £4 10s per annum, and five light lamps at £l7, or the company a'e willing to replaoa the present arc lights with six Wellsbaoh seven-burner lamp 9, ten of five burners, and two of three burners each, at a total cost of £260. This, the company poinied on’, wonld mean a saving of £250 par umium on the present oost of the arc lamps, The letter wa3 referred to the finance com mittee. A pitiful instance of juvenile depravity was brought under the attention of the bench at the Town Court yesterday, when a lad, Bixteon years of age, appeared on a oharge of having been drank and disorderly. Sergeant Balohin stated that the acoused was found lying in Curtis street in a helpless state of intoxication by Constable Cherry on Saturday night, and a cab had to bo proenred to convey him to the lockup. The magistrates gave the oulprit a severe reprimand, but in considera tion of the fact that he had boon locked up since Saturday night ho was discharged on paying 2s 6.1 c>b hire. The magistrates warned him that if he again appeared before them he would be severely dealt with. The contracts let during the past fortnight by the City Conncil ware divided as follows: South ward, £330 Ils fid; oantral ward, £194 8s 61; north ward, £325 16 1 2d. The South street Debating Society formed the subject of a recommendation by Mayor Elliott at the City Council meeting yesterday., After making complimentary reference to the reoont competitions, the mayor recommended that an amount be placed on the estimates next year in aid of their enterprise. Cr Bell wished to have £5O granted at once, and the mayor was also willing, but the majority were in favor of deferring the matter for considers trap with the estimates. A number of leading nave promieed te donate sums of £lO aud £5 to the sooiety’e funds, so that next year they will be able to give £230 to oboire competing, end it U propoeed to make the first prize £l5O, and divide the balance among the eeoond, third, and fourth. The total prise money next year will be £4OO, or £250 above that of the last competition. Mr Peake, the musical jndge this year, hu given a number nr suggestions for enlarging the compe'itinn, and it ie probable that, the society will en deavor to carry oat those suggeetinns. They hare deoided to canvass for subscribers in aonneatioa with competitions. The fee will be £1 Is per annum, and this will entitle the subscriber to a double ticket for all competi tions and oonoerts. It ia considered that a large nntnbor of anbaoribers will be induced to join. The cost at present to anyone who attends all- the competitions, oonoerts, and distribution of prizes is 37s 6d, so that a saving can easily be effected by becoming a subscribing member. A number of ratepayers of the |Bungnree shire were summoned at the Town Court yesterday for not having paid their arrears of rates owing to the Shire Counoil. Mr Acton, the shire secretary and rate collector, gave evidenoe in support of the claims of his connoil, and in each instance orders were made for the amounts claimed, with the ex ception of four cases withdrawn as settled. Mr Acton asked the bench to allow him 2s 6d oosta in eaoh case, aa he had to travel seven miles in order to attend tbs ooart andgive evidence. The magistrates, however, pointed out that this was nut in aooord with the usual practice, and deoliued to grant his request. Mr W. H. Barnard, who last week burst a bloodvessel whilst coughing, was last night slightly better, though he ia atill very weak. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat loader tafel committee was held at Craig’s hotel last evening, when the date for giving Reasini’e grand opera, “ Moses in Egypt,” was fixed for Thursday, 29th inst. The opera is to be given with foil orchestral accompaniment, and promises to mark an epoch in musioal history in tbia centre. The principal parta will be sustained by eight of the beet artists pro curable, and subscribers have a rare treat in atom. The publio are to be admitted at 23 and la. Mr Johns, P.M., remarked at the City Court yesterday that the email boy nnisance was beooming a terrible one. He never went oat at night without coming across bands of these yonngsoamps standing about the streetß, smoking, expea,torating, and making them selves a general pest. They were more of .a nnisauoe tliau men twice their age. Examinations in the subjects of sanitary knowledge and hygienics will be commenced in the State schools of the district to-morrow. The instruction in these subjects ie carried oat in the State schools under the anspicea of the Health Department, the officers of which hold the examinations each alternate year in Melbourne and the conntry districts respec tively. At the last examinations held in Ballarat, about two years ago, the local schools obtained spaoial credit for the know ledge gained by the scholars as to thess im portant sabjeots. Inspector Young, who has been incapaci tated by illness for some davs paat, was able yesterday to attend at his office, aud was con gratulated on his recovery. The proposed extension of tha Wyoheproof railway to Mildura formed the subjeot of a discussion at the meeting of the City Council yesterday. The mayor and Cr Shoppes were deputed to go to Bendigo to represent this city at a conference that is to be held there shortly to disoass the qa“stion. The general concensus of opinion was that every en couragement should bo given to a line that would confer great benefits on both Ballarat and Bendigo. A young man named Thomas Cross, a resi dent of Aeaot street, was treated at the Hospital yesterday for a lacerated wound of the left hand, caused by a saw slipping whilst he was working at the Sooth Star mine. A middle-aged mm named Bobsrt Fish wick, a resident nf Campbell Crescent, was also treated for a dislocation of one of his ribs from the cartilage, the result of a fall from an outhonse. The “Congress Charmers,” a company nf boys and girls selected from the 'immnuse number who took part in the proceedings at the Salvation Army Congress, yesterday visited the Orpbau Asylum, and delighted tha ohildren there by a performance of vocal and instrumental music, aotion songs, and exer cises in oalisthenios. Ex-Mayor Peady, who is also ex-presideot of tha Asylnm, was present, with several members of committee and other visitors, and, in very complimentary terms, expressed the pleasure the “Cbarmerß” had conferred by their performance, whioh far surpassed hie expectation. In the evening the oomoany gave an entertainment in the Alfred Hall, whioh was fairly well filled with an appreciative andienoe. And the per formance merited all the applause bestowed upon . it. Some of the juveniles showed distinct talent, and nearly all were above the average. Tha items consisted of vocal duets and quartets, part song", action Bongs, flageo let duets, pianoforte dost, bar drill, dumb bell, Indian clnh, and ring drill, and a selec tion on the band bells. The children have been trained musically and in the action aongs by Mrs Hoare, wife of the staff-oaptain in charge of the oompauy, while Mr W. Coulson, of Melbourne, is their iostrnotor in calis thenics. At the close of the entertainment Staff- Captain flnare, who presided, thanked the residente of Ballarat for their kindness to the children daring their stay here, and remarked that they would depart on the morrow with nothing bat pleasant remem brances of this city and town. A debt case was dealt with at the Lear- month Police Court yesterday, in which pay- ment for goods to the amount of £4 11s 5d was claimed. Counsel for the defence ob- jected to £3 2s 6d of this amount, which was for drinks served over a bar, and it was struck out. An order was made for the balance, £1 8s 11d; costs, 5s. Mr Charles Hamilton appeared for the defendant. The formation of a cadet onrps at the Golden Point State action! has just been completed by the head master, Mr T. M. Bradharst. Some time ago Lientenaot-Cnlonel Henry, the officer in command of the Yictorian oadsts, when examining the boys of the school in drill, expressed his gratification at their smart appearanae and the efficient manner in whioh they went through radons evolutions, and suggested the formation of a oadst oorps. Mr Bradharst took the matter np, and 26 boys volunteered to form the corps. The corps was gazetted last week, and Mr Bradhnrst applied for the necessary equipment on Saturday. Daring the Sydney bioyole raaes on Satur day a disastrous accident happened in the first bent of the Two-Mile Handicap, whioh resuited in the death of Toobar, who rode so well in the championship event. There were twenty-sevon starters, and tweuty-tno of the competitors were bnnohed together in the final laps. When about 200 yards from home, Tooher wag observed to be making his way on the ontside, through the field, with great brilliancy. Suddenly, however, from some inexplicable canes he fell, and men and machines were instantly scattered in all directions 'on the track. Three or four men also rode iuto and fell over the unfortunate Tooher. Medical assistance was at once forthcoming, and it was seen that Tooher was seriously hurt. Hie scalp was almost torn off, and it was diffionlt to tell - where he was not cat, for ha was covered with blond. The wounds on tha head had apparently been dons by the rat-trap pedals of the men who went over him. Tooher was removed to the Sc. Yino9nt’s Hospital, where the operation of trepanning was per formed, hut he died from internal hemorrhage at 9 o’clnok the same evening. W. E-Igors also sufiored from oonoussinn, and was taken to the same hospital, but he ia now progressing favorably. T. Wilson had a finger broken, besides being cat and bruised. Bnratall, of Brisbane, fell at the post, and lost a large piece of Hash from his arm, while Diamond end Longfiald wera also cut aud bruised. Mr C. E. Bennett, tha winner of tha Harriers' Cross Country Championship, was acoorded a very cordial reception at tha Western station last night on his arrival from Melbourne by a number of local harriers. Tha teams to compete in ths scratch four competitions to he held by the Ballarat Fire Brigade on the 2Gth, 27th, aod 2Sth prox., for trophies presented by Messrs W. Longton and J. Edwards, were drawn last night at tha Firs Brigade station, B-irkly street. The draw re sulted as.follows: —No. 1 team, J. Hiele, W. Stephens, G. Vawdry, and J. Ferris; No. 2, J. White, H. Furniae, W. Roberta, and G. Ford; No. 3, R. Cornish, E. Hughes, E. Lee, and W. J. Dark; No. 4, J. Crougey, J. Turner, H. Muififit, aud A. Mitchell. The competition promisee to be a keenly aontoeted one. It is probable that the Ballarat and Bendigo Fire Brigades will aombiue for the purpose of endeavoring to obtain a concession from the Railway Department to SDable the brigades to sond teams to compete in tha Fire Brigades’ Demonstration to be held at au early date at Sydney. Accounts for the following await payment at the looal Sub treasury:—W. Inigo, Vines and M’Pliee, Duke United, Ballarat Brewing Company, F. Carver, J. J. Crump, W. Dwyer, . R. Hamilton, W. N. Longhurst, H. J, Symons, R. E Johns, Ballarat Water Commissioners, D. J. Brownp, C. H. W. Hardy, E. Cham pion, J. D. Craig, W. E. Davies, R. Heffewan, VV. L. Toung, Riponshira Water Trust, A. Ryan, J. M’Grath, J. Buller, G. Benoe, F. Henker, C. Hudson, D. Aisbett. The report for the year 1897 of the trnsteea I of the Public Library, Museums, and National Gallery of Victoria, whioh has just been leaned, states that the total number of books in the library at the end of the year was 160,342. The librarian adds—Tlia additions to ths library daring the year were 1783 volumes, 28,546 pamphlets and parts, 1919 maps and plans, and 40,115 newspapers. It ** to be able to record that 'of the 23,115 isanea of newspapers in dating the year 23,097 were octnally received at the library nnder the IProvismn. .of the Copyright Act. The wighteen nnmberi which were not forwarded *o the library belong to comparatively insig nifisant papers. I have again to reoord a felling.off in the attendance at the library, to report that the increase in tha to the lihrsrv is no greater than in the provims year. For the third y-ar in ■ncceseion the Government has found it necea- B»ry to discontinue tho vote f or th» of books, only providing sufficient mnr,!!! rolu!9 this beading to pay for periodical, ""Jer Bach a state nf affaire ia without nr tbe history of the institution a-i,l P i,' , - ad ' int >1 tlmt unless a Hubstan'ial Vint u' ,ostts >a next year, the position of the library .in?’ 4 * permanently injured that it w j|| to impossible to recover the lost J’? 1 □amber of visits to the library dnrin, m Ti >» was 338.503. as against 355,92 u n f tho l “ 9l{ *r year. During the year 100.240 vein™'”’ 01 * lent, as against 115,480 in 1897. Th**** ” 5r9 nf borrowers on the 31 st Daoember 17 GB7. as against 15.760 in 7 ’ Wi > The number of books issued fromtl,li J,,r library was as follows;—On re!i„; e0!lic ? philosophy, 1000; sooial aoienoe 28rK. a k- 13Sl ? 19,521; scienoe, 5233; fine srts.Wi\\. 3!0, 7. trades, 4066; philosophy, 13n. | : . artB> od 11,476; fiotiun, 58,973; and bibliogran? lo "’- total, 106.240. "'“'"'Kraphy, 3. The story which the enterprising mont tells with regard to the- last . , Gibson is (writes our Melbourne „nrr t(r dent) not impossible though very imnmkk!' 1 ' Gibson was one of the party led bv P ,k , - Ernest Giles on one o[ his llla the oontinent to "West Australia. Tk orois trated as far as the great salt laics PiD ’ - named by Giles Lake Amesden*, and and Gibson left the main party jo altec went ahead to look for water ’ Aftsr mP days’ arduous travelling G.bion's horsTf!!} dead from exbaaatron, and „ 9 JJ?'*' his and walked. Snbssqas n t|v thav“m T j arrangement by wbiob\hey LeVeLo to the camp by different routes. Gj| B , c** 11 ' 11 ing a small keg of water, ulcimiteto 1 , 7 ; it oo foot, after suffering d”adt,lv thirst. He was semi-delirion, tbs Li, “®' part of the time, and he owed his lih»rt», ' young dying wallaby (-brown away hj mother), whioh he aooidoutally found' ls raw. Gibson, however, riding a m ' If, 9 Tbe Pair Maid of Perth- who Z e lf l splendid little animal that during the -u \ expedition she had nevsr knooksd un-mJ in>o that great desert whioh yon will now » marked on the map of Amtralia as r;L!? Desert. Many searches w-ra made for tV missing mao, but all in vain. 19 The arrangements in c mnectinn with «, scheme initiated by Mr P. R. Walker nf .?* Hawthorn Board of Advic», for tbs obild«„ 9 nf Victoria s penny day for the Hospital have now been completed nuj been deoided by the Education D-pertm-! that the first Monday :n November ah ill b the date to be known as >he peony day and special appeal will be made tothewhoUd the school children of Victoria through th, medium of the school paper to aid the mil msnt. All money received will he remitted to the Minister of E Inca-ion, and will hefi % warded by him to the Children’, Heepital. * The Reserve Football Club held a meetings' Prout’s band room, Ballarat. Eaat, U,t night’ to consider the proposed match widi the Wert Melbourne Olab for the junior premiership of .the colony, tbe former befog the local premia of junior football and the latter the prernieraoi rhe metropolis. In view of tbe fact th it next Satnrday the match between Ballarat sod Imperial for the senior local premier-hip wj|[ be played, it was decided to accord the clnb’i patronage to the match, and play their match with the West Melbourne Clnb on the follow ing Saturday, the Ist prox. It waa aUodecid'd to take twenty.aix men down to Melhinrneio allow for any emergencies. A practiaa mstch with the Imperial has been arranged to tike plaoe to night and on Thursday night at the Eastern. Oval. In the New Sooth Walea vital statistics fa: 1897 tables are given showing the number of marriages performed last year by the clergy of eaoh denomination. The Chnrcb of England heads the list with 3130 marriages. Then come the Roman C itholic Olmrch with 1562, the Presbyterian Church with 1019, and the Wesleyan with, 933. No lees than 312 persons werß married at R <ci- trar,’ oS,«. The list of the ages of persona married begins with a marriage of a bride of 15 and a bride groom of 16, and ends wi>h the marriage of > bride of 78 to a bridegroom of 76 Ttie greatest number of bridegrooms were 25 years of age, 670 marrying at that age. There wets 1099 brides of 21, the next m -st popular j;, being 22, at which age 861 worn-n wm married. There were 7593 marriage, cf bachelors and spinsters, 420 of bach-dors icd widows, 73 of baohelors and divorc'd women, 441 of widowers and spinsters, 214 of widower* and widows, 13 of widowers and divorced women, 38 of divorced men and spinsters, II of divorced men and widows, and 7 of divorced men and divorced woman. The pere-ntjgsof bridegrooms underage is 3*ll, and of bride* it is 24'46. During the year there 213 div orces and judicial separations. Ia 163 casei the wives were the auccessfnl petitioners, id in 60 cases the husbands succeeded. To-nighf, in the Mining Eichaoge, st jf o’clock, the Rev. E. H. Sugdan, 8.A., B.Si, will give the third lecture, with capiaua Un tern illustrations, of his University Eltsadoc aourse, on “ The golden age of Egyptian history.” No fewer than eighty of the persons wbc-s deaths were recorded in Melbourne id Buburbs leet month had attained or passed lb age of 75 years, and of these fifty wsrs between 75 and 80, eighteen between 30 id 85, nine between 85 and 90, one was 93, on 96, and one 98 years of age. In our advertising columns it is announc'd that the Weekly Times, which declares tbit it has tbe largest circulation of any Victoria weekly newspaper, and supports this slit ment by a standing challenge, has been per manently enlarged from forty to forty-eight pages. Piice, aB heretofore, 3d; quarterly, 3r 6d; yearly, 13a. At the Learrnonth Police Coart yesterday Mr J. P. Spiers, J.P., congratulated MrClw- Harailton, barrister, on his first appearance si oonrt in that distriot. Mr Spi»rs ssid M truated and believed that Mr Hamilton would Oroya a credit to tbe profession, andhswhW bim every suocess. Mr Hamilton thanked to benob for the kind expressions. Messrs Snow and Cos. announce the tinuation of their remnant sale to-day. j firm also make a special intimation to l»to ! that they have engaged for tbsir dresmmto rooms an old Ballarat favorite, in the pars m of Mias Heale, who has juet returned fn® London with tbe most modern ideas to* building of fashionable dresses. Messrs bat and Cos. also draw attention to the succsisc their tailor-made ladies garments turned o3 by Mias Barrett. The Burrnmbeet Coursing Club will their annual sooial reunion in the A..V • Hall, Two Bridge', on Wednesday evening- Bteady demand has set in for tbe ticka’Si * an extra large number have been dispose '• The music will be supplied by Messrs Cot to and Prout (2), and Mrs E. Whits will charge of tbe refreshments. 