TASMANIA. TREMENDOUS BUSH FIRES. MANY BUILDlNGS DESTROYED. SERIOUS LOSS OF LIFE. Hobart December 31. Bush-fires are raging in all directions. Mr. Henry Dobson's suburban residence, on Huon-road, with furniture and effects, was burnt to the ground to-day. About a hundred sailors from the warships in the port were sent out with a view of rendering assistance. The Longley Hotel was also totally destroyed. Several persons were seriously injured at Port Arthur, where some old penal establishments were burnt to the ground. The telegraph lines are interrupted in all directions, and it is impossible to give information of a reliable character as to the true state of affairs. Hobart, January 2. Bush fires continue throughout the colony with almost unabated fury. At Longley, towards Huon, 22 settlers were entirely burnt out, amongst the premises destroyed being the Longley Hotel, Webster's coach ing stables, the residence of Mr. James Coombs, the police station, the Church of England, and the Roman Catholic Church. Mrs. and Miss Jones, George Bates, Catherine Mathews, and several were injured, while horses and cattle were burnt, fences and orchards have been entirely destroyed. Tho country for many miles presents a most harrowing spectacle. At Hettering, in tho vicinity of Oyster Cove, 25 homesteads were burnt to the ground. Richard Meredith and a man named Bryant were burnt to death. It is impossible to state the number of lives lost until the fires abate and tho police have had an oppor tunity of taking a census of the districts affected. At Port Arthur the police-station, a Roman Catholic estab lishment intended for a college, Trenham's boarding establishment, and several other pro perties are reported to have been burnt to the ground, while Mr. Trenham is reported to be missing. The wind continues to blow with almost hurricane force, and unless rain comes to check the progress of the flames it is impos- sible to conjecture the result, as the relief parties are almost powerless. Launceston, January 3. Reports from Scottadale show that bush fires have been raging since Friday, and con siderable damage has been done to grass, grain, and fences. So far the residents have been successful in beating back the flames from their dwellings. Hobart, January 3. The bush fires are abating. Nothing fresh has occurred at Ferntree, Longley, or King- ston. Information from Carnarvon (Port Arthur) shows that in addition to the build- ings previously referred to tho known as the Penitentiary when the place was a penal station, were totally destroyed together with : numerous small cottages. The body of the missing man Newham, the proprietor of a pri- i vate boardinghouse which was burnt down, has been found charred among the debris. The body of another man, who occupied a hut by himself, has also been discovered by the police. In reply to a deputation headed by the Chief Justice, Sir Philip Fysh to-day said the Government would provide food and clothing for the sufferers who have reached the city, and they were dispatching tents, food, and clothing to those remain- ing in the country. The Government would consider the question of granting something in the way of money and tools, and would send help to those who had lost everything. An inquest was held to-day on the body of Catherine Matthews, aged 26, one of the victims at Longley. The evidence of her father, who was much burnt about the hands and face, disclosed most pitiable suffering. The jury returned a verdict of death from burning. News is just to hand that fires are raging in the ranges over which the surveyors for the Great Western Railway Company have just passed. The surveyors are in Rodellas Valley, and are said to be out of danger. Hobart, January 4. The Premier, accompanied by the Minister of Lands, went through the Fern-Tree, Longley, and Sandfly districts to-day, and witnessed the devastation caused by the recent ! bush fires. They have decided to give such assistance as will ensure relief to those in great distress. In the meantime a supply of tents, blankets, and cooking utensils have been forwarded to meet the pre- sent requirements. To find work for the sufferers the Public Works Department has resolved to restore at once all the buildings and bridges belonging to the Government which have been destroyed by the fires. Public subscriptions are being solicited. Tattersall's Club has forwarded a donation of £100 to the fund, and the railway employees have subscribed £20. Now that telegraph communication with the country districts is being restored details are arriving of the damage done. In all cases the injury far exceeds the expectations. Tyler's sawniiils and outbuildings at Espcrance, in the Huron district, were totally consumed. They were fully insured. UOBART, December 31. Sir. Howes Kelly, of Broken Hill fame, has purchased Norton Maudeville, portion of the estate of the late Mr. Jose'ph Clarke. The property is one of the lineat iu South Tas mania. Tho revenue returns for December total £8'S,(i3*i. Customs show a steady increase, ! and all sources of revenue were well main tained. The atmospheric conditions remain un changed. At 10 a.m. the thermometer regis tered 'J0° in the ehade. At two o'clock the wind veered round from north to west, and tho change was followed by a heavy downpour of rain, which only lasted five minutes. .. ? HOBAliT, January 4. Mr. Crisp, a surveyor employed by the Great Western t Railway Company, who' has been surveying a, route from Genora towards the west coast, has returned,. to the city, having covered 70 miles without encountering much difficulty. The country passed through is favorable, and he saw several promising for-: mations of gossan and mineral-bearing coun try, Mr. Crisp will return in the course of a few days. LAUNCESTON, January 3. The gold won in Tasmania during December was 7,881 ox., valued at £30,567, from 6,458 tons of quartz. The dividends paid in De-- cetnhev amounted to £14,360. Mt. G^C. Knight, of the firm of Messrs. D. , and'J. Fowler, who has for some time acted as mannger of the business in Perth and Fre* mantle, returned to' Adelaide by tho Mes sageries steamer Afmand Behfc on Tuesday. He wiVUtay in this-colony for several months. 