Another heat wave. New moon 01113ib, 9 43 p.m. Kee Hung drew a horse in i'at tersall's Sw^epon Sandhurst Cup. Mr T. H. Lane is acting Council Cierk daring Mr Pulyer's illness. Rabbits are reported to be also increasing rapidly around Forbes. Our Council Clerk, Mr Pulver, is confined to his room through illness.. We are pleased to hear that Ogilvie's book of poems is selling rapidly. Mason's Improved Preserving Bottles, two quarts, 8s p»r doz, at R. EL Webb's.* Four new vats are being erected at; the cyanide works, Peak Hill. Suggestive ! Mr F. R. Bradley, of Sydney, has an interesting announcement on page 15. Probate in the will of the late J. F, Connolly was granted during the week. A flock of 2500 travelling sheep were soid near Forbes, during the week, at 2s. An old Fifield identity named Campbell died in the local Hos pital lu^t week. The opera " Pinafore" i9 to be produced in Molong shortly by local amateurs. The programme of the forth coming Peak Hill races appears in another column. The butter turned out from the new factory at Forbes is being highly spoken of. An effort is being made in the direction of establishing & School of Arts at the Feak. Another outbreak of fire in Clarinda-street as well as in Cur rajong-street this week, Mr R. Whitehead, ofBorambil, is cutting tor hay the whole 600 acres under a wheat crop. The water in the dam, Parkes water-supply, is now fifteen inches below the top of retaining wall. The mas. thermometer readings in our office, since Sat urday, were 107deg, 105deg, 106deg, and 105 cleg Chaff from Hawkins, Parkes, sold at Redfern during the week, at 3s 7d, and from Perry, Forbes, i at 3s 6d. The Forbes resideut engineer) has inspected the Condobolin bridge and declared it unsafe for heavy traffic. At Forbes, on Monday, a shed containing this year's hay crop, belonging to Mr G. Golding, was destroyed by fire. In the Supreme Court case, Mrs Oram v. "Whelan and Gil creest, Forbes, libel, a verdict was entered for defendants. For children's hosiery go to Howard's. Good ribbed cotton stockings for 4£d per pair never made for the money.* Daring the past few nights an extensive glare to the sputh and also to the south-east indicated the prevalence of bush-fires. "You must either " bust" or ad vertise, but A. G. F. Bollinger's watch at 25s will advertise itself. Call and see it; three years guar antee.* R. Thomas has made speeia^ arrangements with a gentleman who is buying wheat for export. Before selling your wheat submit S&mples; to Uim,* The glare of the Forbes fir© on Tuesday night was distinctly visible in Parkes. Mr Arthur Clifton, of Rodh wood Farm, Trundle, secured lOuO bags of wheat off 300 acres of iand. A good yield. Quilts alv^ays require renewing at X<uas time. Now is the time, a new lot just in; special value at li. 8. Howard's,* A fresh and startling advertise ment from Mr. D. Berger, Forbes, has come to hand loo late for this issue. It will appear in our next. A memo from Nyma-gee states that the district generally is in a feai fully dry condition, there I being no grass and very little I water. j Mr H. Foster, late mine host j of the Exchange Hotel, paid | Parkes a visit, during the week. Oity life seems to agree with the genial "Jack " Get a new roof, and go to Howard's for it. Thatch it with a straw one. Boys' straw boaters aud sailors for 6d each; men's boaters from Is.* The management of Sohier's Waxworks decided not to taka the fcUiow on to Foibes, owing to <£19 being demanded for the use of the | hall fur lour nights. | The contractor for completion of j^arkes Court House nas se cured a three months' extension, j He will make a start with the | work early in March next. Hoyle's print renowned as the most reliable maise in the trade. All good patterns and last dyes; ! stand boiling; to be had at R. S. aoward'fcj from 4d per yard.* j At the late sale of draught | horses by Messrs Weaver and Co, ' of Condobolin (as advertised a few J weeks ago in these columns), an | average of <£12 10s per head was secured. At a recent meeting of th© Con doboliu Pastoral aud Agricultural Association, it was resolved to expend <£309 in improving the grounds. A new grandstand is included. The result of the six tons of ore, sent from the JEurow mine for tapecial treatment to the Illawarra Works, showed an average of 20 pe.r cent copper, 3dwt 19gr gold, and 4oz 2dwt silver. Thus a Wellington paper:— "Heavy fiuds of gold at deep levels are repoited from Parkes. That town threatens to become the Bal larat of New South Wales." Bo mote it be. The programmes are out for a day's athletic sports at Trundle on New Year's Day. Some 13 events figure on the card, includ ing a couple of bicycle races. Mr D. Moloney is secretary. Ihirty-five acres of Steinweidel wheat near Condobolin returned 140 bags. Two snillings and six pence is being paid for new wheat 40 miles out. New wheat is being trucked to Sydney already. At a last week's sitting of the Condobolin Land Board the pro posed land exchanges with Mel rose, Kiacatoo, and Bygaione wero recommended, while the Condobo lin proposed exchanges were with drawn, The annual meeting of the shareholders in the Phoeuix Gr.M. Ooy. was held on Wednesday. A satisfactory report was submitted and adopted. Messrs J. Ruther ford, J. Aarons, F. J. Ai alholknd, A. S. Lee, T. J. Cast y aud E. Nathan were elected directors and Mr. W. Tanner, j in, legal manager, Mr J. D. Buy, formerly of the Commercial JB&uk;, Parkes, i© se© reiary pro tem to the Moloiag Co operative Butter Factory move ment, . The boys require ne\7 suits for j Xrnas. Galatea stripe blouses; and | serge knickers are the correct thing, so also c.r© khakee sailor duito. Th© Premier Mouse stocks ust 'h© thins yoa require."' That great jumper Stella, the property of jir. "W Whit-taker, 01 Blayney, di d on Thursday last, from the effects of injuries received while competing at tne last Wagga Bhow. Stella was for several years a prominent figure at farkes shows. Last week, Mr. J. Tatfcam, niefc with an accident near P'sak iiill. It seems that he was riding along, when his horse started bucking j the bridle broke, and Tattam wa& thrown, the horse kicking him at the same time, thereby breaking his leg in two places. Manildra police district wheat returns :—Area under grain 1897-98,4686 acres ; 1898-92, 7120 acres Averages yield per acre— 1897 98, 10 bushels ; 1898 99, 12 bushels. Total production—1897 98, 65,329 bushels; 1898-99, o5,440 bushels. The wheal this year is of better quality than that of last year. Late Melbourne wool sales G.F.G over Moura (Molong), 27 of ae at 9d, 15 at 8fd, 39 afc 7§-d, 11 of a pieces at 7fd, 36 of b j»cs at 7d. Melrose (Condobolin), 7 of 1st com. e at 9J, 60 of 1st com. e at 8|1, 33 of lit pes e at 8d, 87 of 2nd com. e at 7|d, 23 of bellies at 5d. D Bros over Tara (Lachlsn district), 28 of h at 8gd, 51 of e at 8<T, 23 at 7|d, and 13 of necks at 7|d. ' _____ Owners possessed of mor© ihasa 500 sheep are reminded under section 79 of the Stock Act, which requires them to make, on or be fore the 1st of January next (189)), a return, to the nearest Clerk of Petty Sessions, of the sheep then in their possession. Owners failing to comply with this section will reader themselves liable to a fine of £20, which will be strictly enforced. Owners possessed of less than 500 sheep, and butchers, dealers, and sales men are reminded of section 42 of the Sheep Diseases Act, which requires that their runs and pre mises be registered with the sheep Inspector of the district on or be fore 14th January, 1899. Toby "(to" be) or not Toby (or not to be), that is the question Will the new duiics stand or not ? That is the momentous question. At any rate some of the Parkes stores are putting it on raising the price like; but Piper isn t built that way ; he's putting the price down. Note this;—Knives and forks 6* 61 per dozen, spoon* 2* 6d per dozen, cups and sanceas 3.-slld per dozen, tumblers (splen did line this) Bh 6d per dozen, glass dishes 6d to 2s 6d each, lamps Is 3d; Is lid, 2s 6J, 3s 6d, and 5s 6d each; brooms, Is and Is 6d; block tin wash-basins, 6d and 9d; enamel teapots, Is lid, 2s 3dd, 2s 9d, 3s 3d. and 3s lld such a lot ot pretty colors to choose from; enamel saucepans from Is to 4s 6d ; enamel fry pans from Is to Is 9d ; enamel bowls Is 3J, Is 6d, Is 9J, 2s, 2* 6d, and 4s 61 ; enamel jugs Is to 2a 6d, enamel chambers Is 9d to 2* 3d ; enamel pudding basins from 6d to Is. Advices from Germany state enamel good* have gone up '.25 per cent., but Piper placed his order just before the rise, and the people >'eap the benefit. 'T'.vas ever tous —the public know. They soon find out the cheapest shop to buy at. Again the refrain, it's Piper's in Oourt street—that's where uaoney goes the furthest fw Should you wank a u&tch; and can't afford to spend four or &v;© pounds, sry on© of A. Gv F. Bol linger's watehos 12a" 6d; it's strong, well-finished, and a good time-keeper. Recently five farms, . ranging from §14:99 acres to 3982 acres, situated in the Obley district were thrown open. Thirty-live applications in all were received, viz, six for portion 7, two for por tion 8, five for portion 9, four for portion 24:, and (twelve for portion 25\. A ballot was taken with the following resultPortion 7, P F Madden 1, G Woods 2, B J Lave rack 3 ; portion 9, G Woods 1, J Little 2, G Graham 3 ; portion 24, S J Laverackl, 0 Oarr 2, J Littta 3 ; portion 25, J H Graham 2, H A Baird 2, O Can* 3. For por tion 8 there were two applications, but one applicant, withdraw, and the land was granted to the other, A M'Donald. Oar Burubury correspondent writes : Harvesting operations are in full awing here, and the most crops can be termed is fair, con sidering the season we have passed through. Most of them will be cut or stripped for wheat, Several farmers have suffered loss here through the depredations or noxi ous animals which are becoming very numerous now. One paddock of wheat on the farm of Mr. A. Hill was completely eaten out Babbits are now to be seen in hundreds about here. Our crick eters are about to commence again. J expect their opening match will be at Bindogundra. Oar Jockey Olub is to have a meeting, to draw up a programme for their race meeting to be held on Near Year's Day.. The attention of all owners of horses, cattle, and sheep is called to the Regulation ^o. 40, issued under the Stock Acts, and pub lished in the "Government Ga zette" of the 2nd .November, 1886, whereby every owner of horses, cattle, and sheep, whatever num ber he may possess (although it should only be one head) shall, between the 1st and 31atDecember in each year, make a return to the fnspector of his district in th© form of Schedule 12, of all such horses, cattle, or sheep owned by him at the date of such return, under a penalty not exceeding <£20, which, if incurred, will b@ strictly enforced. Forms of re turns can be ©brained from Clerks* of Petty Sessions and Inspector® of Stock, or at any Police Station 'Twas au anxious time. She knew not were to go. 'Twas her fust visit to Parkes. She walked up and down Olarinda-street. She lookttd into thi* shop and then into that; her pretty iace wore a trou bled look, 41 believe I shall have to go home without it now,' she said to. herself. Seeing her per plexity a lady asked if she could be of any assistance. Her face brightened and in eager tones she replied: * Please can you tell me where I can procure a nice new hat ?' ' Certainly Miss, you have only to go round the corner into Court-street; you can't miss the shop, the name id Piper, and they have just opened a splendid lot of girls' and ladies' straw hats, ladies' wide leap jumbo Is 3d, 1© lid, 2s 5d, 3s 5d ; girls' and ladies' leghorn fancy edges Is, ladies' gem hats Is 3d, Is 6d, Is lid, 2s 6d ; brown sun hats 9J, Is, Is 6d, 2s 3d; brown ribbon to trim them 3d, 4d, and 61 yard; flowers, flowers, flowers, French and En glish flowers 6d, 9J, Is, Is 6d, and Is lid per-buneh, other stores sell them at double the price.' Sequel: A young lady'jauntily- stepping down Welcome-street on her way to the station—her troubles over —large millinery bag in her hand, bearing the name F, W. Piper, .JParkw,* 