BLACKWOOD. (FOM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) THE Trenthamu brass band assisted by a contingent from the Blackwood band played a special programme in the main street, Trentham, on Saturday evening last in aid of the Gippsland bushfires re- lief fund. Mr. Guest, a prominent Trent ham citizen, in a short introductory ad- dress, gave a thrilling picture of the dis- tress occasioned by these disastrous fires and urged upon all present to contribute as liberally as their means would allow. During the playing a collection was taken up which totalled a little over £2/10. The Harvest Thanksgiving services of the various churches in this district, usual at this season of the year, have mostly now been concluded. From a utilitarian point of view the Salvation Army un- doubtedly takes the lead here in these demonstrations, as in addition to the special Sunday services in the Red Hill barracks a general sale of the offerings was made on the Monday, and the value of the offerings may be estimated by the fact that on this occasion upwards of £6 was realized; the articles for sale being mostly seasonable fruit and vegetables. Unless rain falls soon, this week will about end the supply of water, for mining purposes, in the Simmons' Reef reservoir, though there may be sufficient for a few weeks longer for domestic purposes. Most people's tanks are now very low and the water collected from the last rainfall of 37 points on the 11th inst. has a de- cidedly smoky flavour caused doubtless by the smoke charged atmosphere through which the rain had to pass. As an in- stance of the shortness of water I may mention that a party of miners here had laboriously carried water in buckets for over a quarter of a mile up a steep hill, to fill a tub for washing dish prospects, and one may picture the disgust of the miners when, later on, going to the tub to wash a prospect it was found that some cows had come along in the meantime and drank up the whole of the water. The annual Sunday school picnic in connection with St. Stephen's, Church of England, at Barry's Reef, was held on Wednesday, 23rd inst., and was carried out in a most succcssful and enjoyable manner. That indefatigable worker, Miss Hansen, of the Barry's Reef State school, proving, as usual, to be quite a host in herself in the successful conduct of such demonstrations. During the past week or so Messrs. Whatmough and party have crushed 50 tons of cement at Staughton's battery for a yield of 14½oz. W. Pincombe 10 tons at the Rip Van Winkle battery for a yield of abount 4oz.; and a crushing of 14 loads of quartz at the same battery by Messrs. Gribble & Roberts yielded about 4dwts. to the load. 