m MUSWELLBROOK LETTER. [SVom oop. ReprbskntativbO The Gippsland Bushfikes Relief Move H15NT — MUSWELLIJIIOOK ASSISTANCE. — MuBWell- brook lias the distinction of being tho only part of New South Wales, from which aid was sont to the sufferers from the effects of tho late disastrous bushfircs in Gippsland, Victoria, and which were the most destructive calamities of the kind every known in Aub tralia. The total amount sent by the Mayor (Mr, E. 0. Brecht), on behalf of tho residents, to the Mayor of Melbourne, was £66, in two. drafts of £50 and £16 respectively, to be ex pended in whatever manner the Victorian Committee might think best, Tho following (second) letter of acknowledgment from Mel bourne was received by Mr. Brecht on Satur day morning : — Town Hall, Melbourne, Bush Fires Relief Fund, 1898, jaay iucn, uo. Dear Sir, — By debire of the llight Worshipful the Mayor, I have to acknowledge receipt of your letter of the Gth iaatnnt, enclosing draft for £16, being balance of amount contributed at Muswell brook towards the above fund. His Worship and the comtuitteo associated wifch Mm tender to you «nd the residents of your district tho warmest, tbunks for their practical sympathy with the movement. — Yours faithfully, John Clayton, Hon. Secretary. ' His Worshipful the Mayor of M us woll brook. PiiDEKAxiON. — The Movement in Muswell hdooic. — A letter was received by Mr, Fitz Gerald on Saturday frpm Mr. Barton stating that numerous ongagoments will make it impossible for him to como to Muswollbrook, aa at first intended, and judging by communi cations to hand from the 'Federal Association it is probable tha* in a fow days we will be visited by oithor Mr. B. E. O'Connor or Mr. Bruce Smith, who liko their loader, Mr. Barton, have done, and aro doing good work in refuting misstatoments and honestly explain ing tho provisions of the Commonwealth Bill to tho electors of tho colony. Mr. FitzGerald is now making arrangements to addrosB tho voters in different parts of the Electorate of Robertson in support of the proposed Federal constitution, and it is pro bable that various members of Parliament, including Mr. Chautor, will come to tlio district as advocates of tho National Cause prior to tho 2nd proximo. An important meet ing of tho Muswollbrook Branch of tho -.-. -. .. t . i ? . »n i . t_ _iji ? it ? n ? ii octorai Association win oo noiu m mm coun cil Chambers, School of Arts, on to-morrow (Tuesday) night May 17 at 8 o'clock, and during tlie next fortnight tho campaign will be carried on vigorously in this and neighbour ing districts. Mn.. Kingsmim, tub looal O.P.S., and Lmds Onnovni.— Mr. Kingsmill, one of Mub wollbrook's vory ofliciont . and popular public officers, who has been suffer ing for some, wooks' past from an attack of aouto sciatica will bo ablo to, resume his duties to-day. During his onforced ab seuco his position wtis fillod by Mr, Beaver, of Sydney, a well-known relieving officer in tho D apartment of Justice i Tins Victorian Stock Tax — A Victorian M.Jj.A.'s OriKiON on It — Ax Akgumknt for Federation. — Mr. M'Konzio, M.L.A., speak ing at Warragul in support of tho Common wealth Bill, made, according to tho Warragul Guardian, tho following point: — 'Taking another aspect of tho question, ho would ask if tho stock' tax benefited tho dairy fanner. Did it increaso the value of dairy cows ? Tho only way in which tho tax could possibly bonofit tho dairy farmer would bo to incroaso tho value of calves. But ealvos had been .'much chcapor siuco the imposition of tho tax than before, (Laughtor and chuors.)' Tho dairy f armors assisted in gotting tlio tax imposed DOCUUBO.i/nuy uuuovuu iu was gumy to assist thom in gotting a bottor market for thoir young cattle. But thoy had noAV to faco tho serious fact that out of -i'50,000 ealvos pro ducod ovory yoar in Victoria, 250,000 wore dostroyed, boeauso it did not pay to roar thom. (Loud claoors.) Beforo tho stock tax waB imposed a number of buyors camo ovor from Now South Wales and bought thoir young cattlo, took thom to Now South Walos kept thorn till thoy woro grown to a rnarkot ablo ago, 'and ? thon brought thom bnok to Victoria to sell. Now, howovoa1, those buyors did not como at all, b'ocauso it did not Jpay them, and consequently tho Victorian dairy mon had lost thoir host oustomovs through, tho oporatiou of tho tax. (Ohoors.) TT Jl)AJ.J4JVUi ?!? 'lU WVttUUCU ID l*V JJJ.UOUUU XXAAVy though cold,' slight frosts haying .boon ox porionood during tho past two. or tliroo nights. FoothaIjT/.— Tho football soaRon was opened hero on1 Saturday, .and looal . players are looking forward to somo oxoiting contdsts botwoon the Muswollbrook ,and Ab»rdoon' Clubs during tho present wintor. It is said that tho Aberdeen Club will bo oxcoptionally strong this season, but as Muswollbrook can 'always ' hold its own' in manly sports looal players willbo ploasod to moot f oomon worthy of thoir stool— orTatbor thoir kicking prowess, and ongngo in oontoBts worthy of Australian pluck, skill, and onduranco. T1113 Qukhn's Birthday Festivities. — A BAMi. — As a pleasing termination of tho various foativitioBtoboholdhoro, mid peculiar to tho 24th May, a ball will bo organiHod in tho Sohool of Arts, and will bo officially announood in uoxt Wednesday's iforaury. WinoAT Sowing, — Whoat sowing is still bo ing carried on with vigour in this and neighbouring districts, tho' farmors boing apparently dotormiuod to ' spood tho plough.' and vio with oaok othor during tho prosont year in Iho cultivation of tho grain from whioh wo got tho staff of lifo. . Monday, tnoi'niHg. 