TELEGRAMS. WEATHER AND BUSH- FIRES. CHEAT DESTRUCTION PROPERTY. OF MELBOURNE, Feb. 8. The southerly breeze which sot in on Saturday continued yesterday, and the weather was pleasantly cool in Melbourne. Reports from the inland parts of the colony, however, show that the weather is still hot. At Horsham yesterday the thermometer registered 104dcg. in the shade. The bush fires which have been raging in the GrampianB for over a fortnight appear to be increasing in violence. All the richly-grassed country south of the Grampians, known as Moora Moora, has been burnt. The fire made its way over the mountains, and by tho latest report appears to have reached Mr. J. Carter's, at ltosebrook, where a few settlers have suffered very severely. The Rosebrook homestead was attached on Sunday, but after a fierce fight with the flames it was driven baek. The fire has now reached the Wondah Station, owned by Mr. Mosman. The largest fire that has occurred in the Horsham district for many years broke out yesterday, and swept an immense tract of country, destroying thousands of acres of grass and many miles of fencing. Benalla reports alarming news regarding the bush fires in the neighborhood of Toouibullup and Tooma, and both fires reached Benalla yesterday afternoon. Several fires in the ranges, which have been burning for some weeks past, have been confined chiefly to the hilly and barren country, but, with the arrival of south winds, they have been carried into the Toombullup country, and it is estimated that the several fires, which have merged into one. extend over an area of fill miles. Particulars to hand are, so far, meagre, but it is known that the selections of Messrs. Goulding, Webb, Stubbs, J. Drnmmond and Wright, in the Toombullup and Samaria districts, have been entirely swept by flames, and it is feared that several homesteads have been demolished. In the Warronbay district Mrs. Hoskins and Messrs. Iredale and Williams are the principal sufferers. Should the strong southerly and westerly winds continue for a few days longer, the fire should be carried on to the rich flat country, and the result must prove most disastrous, as everything is as dry as tinder. News received from Rothsay, 15 miles from Bcnalla. states that a destructive fire swept the district on Sunday. James Steele lost a large quantity of "grass, and another settler named M'Sweeney lost his homestead, milk sheds and out-buildings, and a large area of grass. Messrs. M'Donald, Tremavne and Ilolden lost heavily in grass and fencing. Traralgon reports that tlic bush fires have caused great damage in the town and district. The Mechanics' Institute at Mackwarry was crushed by a couple of blazing trees, which fell upon it. Several settlers lost everything except their live stock. The fire which caused such havoc in South Traralgon last week, and which burned towards Hazelwood and Morwell. doubled back yesterday under the influence of the westerly* breeze, but not much damage was done. General apprehension, however, still exists, as the (ires are only smouldering, and any sudden gust of "wind may fan them into renewed action. Rain is longed for by everybody as the only hope of deliverance. 