THE GIPPSL AND FIRES. GREAT DAMAGE AROUND CRANBOURNE. A FIRE 20 MILES LONG BY 12 MILES BROAD. CRANBOURNE, Monday. On Friday, Saturday and Sunday a dreadful bush fire raged in this district, and did considerable damage to stock, grass, fencing, orchards and crops. The fire started this side of Somerville township, and, with a strong southerly wind, travelled into Cranbourne, a distance of about 20 miles. The blaze was also 12 miles in width. The following lowing is a list, of the heaviest sufferers by this fire, which is the largest that has ever been heard of or seen here since Black Thursday:— Mr: Taylor,' Sherwood Park — Loss: 15 miles of fencing, 2000 acres of grass and a large number of sheep.- Mr.- Sam . S'triughtbn, M.L.A., Coolebah— Loss:— zVbout 140Q iicres of- grass and ri lot of. fencing. Air. J. Staughton — Loss: . 1000 acres'of grass; fencing und a large number of sheep. Mi-. Ri'Ker-— Loss: Grass, fencing and lot of'2 feet, firewood. - Several smaller farmers .Avore' also large losers iu having -all their fencing and grass totally burnt out; includ ing Air. David Craig, Mr. T. Alcride, Mr. Waller, Mr. Barton, Air. D. Robinson, Sir. Ted. Gray, Mr. Abrahams, Mr. J. G. Hud son, storekeeper, Cranboume; Mr; 'P: Peter; son, Ati-. Thos. Peterson, Airs. Poole, Air. Pcrridge, Air. Atoscript, Ate. Alidley, man; ngrir of the English, Scottisli aiid 'Austratia'n Bank, North Melbourne; AlivF. Hardy and otliera too numerous to mention.;' The -fire, after passing through the race course. resen-e, sAvept AA-ith lightning-like rapidity toA\\-ards the toAvnsiiip, crossing the Frankston-road, 2 chains Avide, in a leap, and but for tlie timely assistance of Alcssrs. Duff', Downs, At'Leod, Aleade, Rev. Colin Robertson, Constable Divyer'nhd a lot of otlieiv Avilling licliiei-s, the residences ' of -Messrs. lteid and- Wilson Avould liaA;e been destroyed. The lire got into short grabs here, and after -ghoul; four hours' bard lighti.ng Avas'got uiidcr,' . . \ Tbe oiily'suffereis in tiie towiishipAA-crc:— .Alcssrs. Tlios. Do'wiis— Loss: 2-roonie'd.|i6use full of hay;,- Mr. P. Peterson— Loss: A slaugbterhouse and- fencing. Alessrs. J. laylor arid Reid and Mrs. Tucker: Grass aud feueing. , A Avatch AA-as kept oA-er the toAvnsiiip all Saturday niglit, but nothing further hairi pencd. - A- lot of the farinci's, thoroughly overcouie by smoke und beat and. civet exertion, have hail to take tothcirbeds. Large tire's iu-e still bunting round tlie township, nnd tlie da- wago done, totals some thousands of pounds: Mr.- Jaylor, of Sherwood Park, being the Iwgeit sufferer. 