The fashionable world of New York has been scandalised by the suicides, almost simultaneously, of four young ladies, moving in the higher circles of society, and distinguished for their beauty and wealthy connections. An occurrence of such exceptional sig nificance has naturally excited a good deal of curiosity, and evoked an unußual amount of speculation.regard ing the social phenomenon of self destruction generally. The. subject is one of deep interest to us all,'and it is admittedly one upon which there exists considerable difference of opinion. It needs no visitor from the other world to tell us that the act of sell-destruc tion is one of the most heinous in the eye of the -Deity. It requires no divine canon to prohibit its indulgence. Without the. aid of revelation it was denounced by the writers and philo sophers-of the ancients; it was dis countenanced if not prohibited under the Mosaic dispensation; Christianity helped to discredit and check it, and the legal enactments and unwritten laws of society in modern times have done ranch to restrain, the ten dency to the impulse, which under cer tain circumstances appears, to be irresistable. For centuries the penal ties for ftlo dt se were harsh and brutalising. The remains of many a wretched mortal, who was probably no more than the victim of hallucination, were subjected to the grossest indigni ties, the dishonor being thub in a measure communicated to his kindred. These were times in which demented creatures were burned for witchcraft, and many a poor starving peasant was hanged for stealing a loaf of bread. Thank heaven we live when such hideous punishments are no longer enforced, and when self immo lation is treated not as a crime, but as a disease. Coroner’s juries are com posed of sensible men who sympathise with the relatives of the deceased, and the general public commiserate the unhappy beings who “rather than bear the ills they have prefer to fly to those they know not of.” In these more enlightened times it is held that no man takes his own life when he is responsible for his actions. Dr Forbes Winslow, whose writings have- done so much to remove the misconceptions respecting self- immola tion, asserts with truth that the suicidal idea is almost invariably con nected with the morbid condition of the body, and is often the only existing evidence of such an affection; that it is with very few exceptions associated with physical disorder, disturbing the healthy balance of the understanding, and that this bodily affection is, nine cases out of ten, the cause of mental irregularity, is easily curable by the judicious application of remedial means. The argument to be derived from this rational and well- grounded theory, that the predisposing causes of, self-deßtruction should be looked for in maladies open to medical treatment, is taking a cheering view of the subject, both to those so affected no less.than to their friends and the public. Magistrates and medical men are inclined to this opinion, and the would-be fslo de se is usually con sidered as one suffering from a mysterious ailment rather than a criminal tendency. Unhappily, it too frequently happens that the mischief is done before the chance is given to apply remedial measures; but that iB an incident in rather than an essential feature of the malady. Thousands are the victims, in this respect, of heredi tary taint, for which they are in no way responsible; others owing to a highly nervous or hysterical temperament give way unresistingly to the impulse. Not a few are animated by. a noble, but not the less foolish, desire to serve those dependent upon them, perhaps; others, from a sense of weariness of existence; and a few from the effects of an accusing conscience and a preference for death rather than exposure. Statistics tell us that suicide destroys more human lives than warj even in Europe. The mortality in the British army during the last half century was 52,000, including that caused by the Crimean War, which cost the country about 30,000. For the 50 years ending 1890_ there were no less than 77,000 cases of suicide, and it must be remembered that as compared with , other nations the per centage is low. The proportion of suicides to every million of inhabi tants every year is in Paris 400; St. Petersburg, 200; Berlin, 170; New York, 144; London, 87. There is a law of averages applicable in this re gard as in all others affecting the human family, much of course depending upon the. social con dition of the people. Poverty is a powerfully pedisposing cause in this country, that is where it arises from sudden loss and mis fortune in business, and where the parties , have Been much better days. The average -is high with us in these colonies, and there are few persons who cannot recall many affecting in cidents illustrative of the fact. It is not everyone who can survive the re verse of fortune and face the worse than daily death, the apprehension of an old age of humiliation and pauperised dependence. Nothing can minister to a mind so affected except the all- sustaining arm of the Unseen, and simple reliance upon whom willdo more, perhaps, than all the remedies to be found in the arcana of medicine or nature. Those deaths in New York are, no doubt, significant of the laxity of morals prevailing in American society, and of which the four young women, as has been shrewdly suggested by a writer in the Argus, have been the victims. The precociousness of young people in the United States, as well as in these colonies; the free dom allowed those who are still comparatively of tender years; the un restrained familiarity of the sexes commencing at school, and . tolerated up to the period of maturity; the absence of parental control or any restraining influence have sometimes the moat distressing consequences. The New Woman craze, the desire of females to claim equality with men and compete with them in every profession and rank of life; the tendency to repudiate the delicate obligations of her sex; the tradi tions and restrictions : imposed by nature and the laws of nations have been the outcome of a cult that can •nly bring sorrow and ruin to its worshippers. The. society plays and social problem dramas and novels, so much encouraged of late, have turned the heads of thousands of young girls, whose minds have been poisoned by wbat they read and hear, and which they can only partially comprehend. It 'is thus that Nature punishes infi delity to her inscrutable laws. Girls happy in the possession of youth and loveliness, and all that can- make life enjoyable are found to prefer a dis honored grave to the unholy excite ment, the dissipation, and sin in separable from that fashionable life that is based upon the sordid craving for wealth, the vulgar desire for ad miration, social position, and titles, and that pride which is the invariable characteristic of wbat is known in colloquial phraseology as equestrian mendicancy. Though there was no striking develop ment in any of the mines last week, several very encouraging facts are re ported. The Hepburn Estate yield showed a slight improvement upon that of the previous week, and the manager anticipates a continuance of better returns. Considerable interest is being taken in operations at the Cardigan Proprietary, as success there would mean the opening up of a large area of auriferous country. The manager reports that the water is slightly easier, aud also stateß that the wash is draining very well. Pro spects taken from the bores which have been put up give promising results, and it is anticipated that when the gutter has sufficiently drained to admit of its being worked it will give payable results. At the Hanover mins, Steiglitz, about 18 inches of stone, carrying good gold, has been struck in the intermediate level. This is the reef for which the Bhaft was sunk an additional depth, and it is now intended to extend the bottom level to intercept the make. When this is picked up more men will be put on, and it is believed sufficient quartz can be raised to keep the battery con stantly employed. A crushing of 50 tons taken from another part of this reef averaged between 7 dwt and 8 dwt per ton. In the central di vision an improvement has also taken place in the intermediate level of the Sir Henry Loch, where the stone is now more highly mineralised. The Band and Albion yield is somewhat dis appointing, but a little gold is showing in the stone in the south drive from the winze on the Guiding Star lode. An intermediate level is being opened out from the rise between the 890 and 980 feet levels on gold-bearing stone about 20 feet wide at the Central Plateau, and a lode of solid stone about IS inches thick has been struck in the north rise from the 760 feet level. The reef in the bottom level of the Prince of Wales and Bonshaw is showing more gold, and a stope has been started upon it in stone of a very promising appearance. Sinking will be resumed to-day at the South Star main shaft, and the mine continues to yield tbe usual quantity of payable Btone. The winze from the eastern crosscut in the Sebastopol Plaiteau No. 1 has pierced 12 feet of well mineralised quartz, concerning which it is to be hoped more will be heard. Negotia tions have been entered into by the South Star Extended directorate for the purchase of a suitable plant for the No. 2 shaft, which it is expected will be paid for and housed without in creasing the ordinary calls. Eastern mines are looking well. Improvements are reported in the south and north rises at the Britannia United mine, and also in the south main drive. At the half-yearly meeting, held during the week, the mining manager spoke most hopefully of the prospects, and expressed his belief that ere long the company would be paying dividends. The Llanberris No. 1 Company will probably clean up at the end of this week, but a big yield is not expected, as some poor stone was put through at the commeucement in order to fill up crevices. Encouraging reports are also given from the New Normanby and Prince Regent mines. At Little Bendigo, the Metropolitan has now two drives going from the rise above the 278 feet level on what appears to be payable stone. Pitfield and Rokewood mines are doing fairly well, and those at Kingston and Smeaton maintain their average output. The military commandant, Major-General Sir Cbarleß Holled Smith, with Lieutenant- Colonel Hoad, A.A.G,, were on Saturday afforded an opportunity of judging of the ad vantages offered by tbe Ballarat distriot as a site for the next enoampment and the scene of Easter military manoeuvres. In oomnany with tbe Mayor of the City, military officers and mombere of Parliament, the oommandant was driven over the Ballarat Common, portion of which—about i } miles from the City—was considered snitable as a site for the camp, while the land stretching away to Bunker’s Hill and Sebastopol was prononnced to he equally snitable for manoeuvring. The General made enquiries as to the convenience for transport and for an adequate water supply; and the nnmerons railway sidings within a comparatively narrow radius of the gronnd were drawn attention to as being all that was required in regard to the first matter, while the mayor, on behalf of the civic autho rities, undertook to see that a sufficient supply of water for both men and horses would be provided on the ground. The G-meral nleo pointed ont that the permission of the land holders wne required, bo that the troops might maroh and fire over the land to the sonth and suggested that a masting of those interested should be called to arrive at a definite decision in the matter. No difficulty, however, is anticipated upon this point, one owner of about 1000 norea having willingly given his permission to the mayor yesterday morning. The General expressed his opinion that Balla rat offered facilities for an encampment, and provided that the conditions mentioned are complied with, the only question remaining will be for the Government to males provision for the aost. It is considered probable that there will be no drawback in this direction, so that all circumstances appear to point to the sneoess of the project. The publio offices will be olosed on Wednes day next—Foundation Day—which will be ob served as a public holiday throughout Vic toria. An enjoyable and instructive battalion drill was taken part in by over 200 members of the 3rd Battalion on Saturday afternoon, when the men assembled at the Orderly Boom at 3 o'clock, and marched to the Victoria Park, headed by their fine band. On arriving at the Park a sham fight was otrried ont. Eaob man having been supplied with 30 rounds of blank 1 ammnnition, the battalion was dividsd into attacking and defsnding forces. Tba defend ing force, consisting of A, B, and C Com panies, nnder ths command of Lieutenants Olden, Saner, and Hart respectively, took np a position behind the trenohes, and aent outposts ont in every direction to apprise them of the advance of the enemy. D Company, nnder the oommand of Lien, tenant Alfred, took up a position at the western portion of the park, and commenced to steadily advance in extended formation, gradually driving iu the enemy’s outposts at various points of their line. When in range of the entrenobed party a heavy fire was opened on them, which was answered by corresponding volleys. Notwithstanding ths very warm recaption whiob the D Company met with, they advanced steadily, and on arriving at close quarters were about to carry the position at the point of the bayonet, obli ri»us of the fact that there were three times their nnmber behiod the trenches when the bugle eonnded as a signal for hostilities to cea*p. Major Bennett, who was in command, ex pressed his great satisfaction with the efficient manner in which the work was done by all present, particularly by D O -rapany, who, while in extended formation, kept a perfect line and advanced anil fired with great pre cision. A feature of ths drill was that ths lientenantß were given command of the re spective companies instead of the captain*, the ohject beiog to afford practice to the former offiasrs. At the close of the battle ths battalion, without waiting to bnry their dead, commenced their homeward march, again beaded by the band. On arriviag at the City Hall the men were dismissed, and a very enjoyable day’s drill brought to a close. The objections taken by a nnmber of resi dents in York street, Ballarat East, and the adjacent locality to the re-issue of a lioense for the bone mills there on aoenunt of the stenoh which, it is complained, arise* from the works, has led to a legal opinion being taken as to the power of tho looal council in dealing with the matter. This, it is stated, ia to the effeot that nntil two oonvictions for bresoh«s of the law in conducting the business have been recorded neither forfeiture nor refusal of renewal of license could he ordered. At to day’s meeting of the City Council Cr Heinz will move, on notice, “That the roaoln tion attaching conditions to the proposed grant of £5O to the Ballarat Fine Arts Gallery be rescinded.” The council will also adopt plans, fisc., for the oonstruetiun of Lake anil Viotoria streets. The military commandant’e tour of inspec tion on Saturday was the occasion for a unique little oeremony at the Victoria Park. Tho mayor, during the previous we-k, had ordered the ontting of a stairway to the top of the largest mound on the grnnnd, and at the top had bad a small platform and a flag pole erooted about 70 feet from the ground. The General, who was charmed with the beanty of the surroundings, and invariably expresses himaelf an delighted with the situa tion and surroundings of Ballarat, waa escorted to tbs summit, and aak*d by tho mayor t- accept the honor of being the first to raise the Union Jack upon the flagpole. This having been done, the mayor named the emin ence “Mount Sir Clme. Holled-Smith,” and expressed a hope that it would retain the title for all Lime. The oommandsnt’d health was then honored, and the party continued on their tnnr. The nenal holiday arrangements will be observed in the Post and Telegraph Depart ment on Wednesday, which, being Foundation Day, will b* observed us a publio and bank holiday. There will bo only the morning mail delivery. All poet offices will tie oloa-d to the pnblic at 10 a.m., though country mails will be dealt with in the ordinary coarse. In the telegrnph office*, the hoars for the tran saction of business will be limited to 3.30 to 10 a.m., and 6 to 7 p.m. Oar Melbourne correspondent writes:— “The correspondents of the various provincial papers are load in their complaints as to the disoonrtesy to which they were eabjeoted by Mr John Clayton, town clerk of Melbourne, in connection with the reoent mayoral federa tion banquet. Applications were made for tickets, but without encaess, and tba corres pondents were therefore pat to much in convenience to provide a report of the speeches at that function. Why Mr Clay ton Bhould have pursued the course of excluding the Victorian country press repre sentatives, and at the same time of freely supplying visiting pressmen with tickets, is not clear to anyone—save, perhaps, himself. The banquet was essentially a public function, and was, therefore, open to the press. If it had not been, then notice to that effect should have been given when application was made for tiokets. I can assure Mr Clayton that the work of a country correspondent is quite arduous and difficult enough without his try ing to put fresh obstacles in the way.” The mayor (Cr C. C. Shoppes) considers the holding of the military encampment in B<lla rst assured, and he is already forming a com mittee to promote a oitizens’ military ball, to be tendered to Major-Gsiiera! Sir Clias. Hulled Smith and officers. He also intends inviting the Ministor of Defence and naval officers. An elderly widow named Bridget Hunt, keeper of No. 9 railway gate on the Bdlnrat onmmon, died somewhat suddenly on Saturday night. On the previous day the deceased had been working hard in shifting, furniture into tbe_ gatehouse, bnt, beyond feeling very fatigued, did not appear to have suffered from the extra exertion. At about 3 p.m. on S itur day aha complained of feeling very unwell, and her daughter pat her to bed. Not feeling comfortable, she requested to be moved into another bad, and shortly afterwards she was at her own request placed in a third bed. After she had 'been lying there for a a little time her daughter left her temporarily, but, hearing a sound as of someone falling, returned to the room and found that her ; mother had faUeu oo to the floor. After , lifting her mother back into bed, the daughter enlisted the anrTioes of Mrs Comrie, and the two attended the deceased until about 9 o cloak, when she put b-r arms round har daughters neck and expired. JJr Hardy, who had been sent for shortly before she died, pronounced life extinot on bis arrival, bnt could not give a certificate, and as Dr So-'tt, who had attended Mrs Hunt tor Bright’s disease cf the kidneys and heart disease, was absent from Ballarat, an enquiry was held yesterday by Mr J. A. Chalk, J.r. The facts montioned above were given m evidence, and Dr Mitchell, who made a post mortem examination, stated that death had rosultod from diaoass of tho heart Jiudkidusya* Mr Chalk recorded hie opinion aooordingly. Mr Robert Don was slightly easier last night, although he is not yet out of danger. The many friends of Serjeant Boyoe, of the Ballarat East Police station, will regret to hear of his death, whioh rook place on Satur day night. On Tuesday, the 11th ioat., the deceased, after conducting several prosecu tions at the Town Court, felt unwell, and on consulting Dr Morrison was told to go home as he was Buffering from an attack of pleurisy and pneumonia. He was con fined to hiß bed until the time of kis death, bat up to Friday afternoon great hope* were entertained of bis recovery. On Saturday, however, a abange for the worse set in, and Dr Wotnarakt was also consulted. The deoe»sed was then suffering from a alight heart failure, and from that time he gradna'ly sank. At 6 o'clock he was unconscious, and .from that time the doctorajreoogniaed that his end . was near at hand. Ha never regained conscious neaa, but died at hslf-nast 7. The debased, who was the son of Mr Jamas Bnyoe, of Brook hall, Coleraine. Ireland, was 53 years of age, and joined the Victorian police in 1869. On the Ist January he was removed from Ballan to Ballarat East, being then a senior constable, and on the Ist January, 1896, received his promotion to the rank of sergeant, in place of Sergeant Lever ton, who was promoted to asub- inspeotorahip. The deceased leaves a wife and family of 10, some of whom are grown np. One son is in the police force, and is stationed at Kerang. The deceased’s life was insnred, and he was also on the books of the police widows _BHd orphans’ fund. His widow will also be entitled to an allowance from the Government. The de ceased was very popular in Ballarat. East, and his loss will be deeply regretted. The funeral is arranged to 1 take place at 2 30 to- morrow afternoon, and the family of the deceased are to be consulted as to whether it will .take the form of a private or a police fnneral. The orohid house at the Botanic >1 Gardens will probably be extended to make room for a splendid supply of plants forwarded by Mr T. C. Naples from Natal. A few weeks since a valnable collection of orchids, &e.;, waa re ceived from that gentleman, who now writes that he has arranged with the director of the Nital Gardens (Mr Woods) for a further supply to arrive, consisting of bnlbs, &o.; He has also sent catalogues inviting the council's selection of any contained therein, which will be sent free of cost, aud on the City Council’s behalf he has promised that they will in return forward to Natal a collection of Vic torian plants. Mr Naples’ thoughtfulness for Ballarat ie highly commended. A speaial meeting of the Town Council was held on Saturday night to consider the amount to be contributed by that council towards the entertainment of the Federal Convention dele gates who will visit Ballarat on the llth and I2th prox. The mayor (Cr Peady) presided, and there were slbo present Crs M’Kee, Kline, Dunn aud Johnson. Cr Pearcs, who is at present at Qoeensoliff, sent the following tele gram, which was read at the meeting:— “ Unavoidably absent; do things properly; up hold dignity of Ballarat East,” This injunction was carried out by the councillors present,, who decided that insomuch as the allowance to the mayor of Ballarat East was insufdoieut to provide for fitting entertainment of the Federal delegates in Ballarat East nn the oocation of their visit, an extra £lOO would be voted for that purpose. This comprised the whole of the bnsiuess and the meeting then alosed. A narrow escape from a serious accident was experienced by a gentleman and two ladies who were in a pony aart whiob was being driven along Armstrong street on Saturday morning. When passing ever the atone arosaicg between the City Hall and J. Snow aad Co's, premise*, the horse slipped and commenced to kick. One of the ladie*, fearing an aooident, sprang out, and in doing so •lipped from the step of the oart and fell heavily, narrowly esoaping the horae’s hoofs. A crowd quiokly gathered, bnt, fortunately, the lady was unhurt, and the horse baring been snbdnad waa driven away. The Under-Traasnrer has intimated te re ceivers and payinißters that under the pro visions of the Mines Aot 1897, which ooma into foroe on the Ist of November last, rednc tions bave been made as regards the rents payable for mining leases on Crown lands and freehold property. Tbe_ yearly rent payable in respeot of gold mining loas“3 on Crown lands is reduced by section 28 from 5s to 2s 6d par acre, and reoeivers have therefore been instructed to collect at the rednoed rate the rents that fell dnn on and after the Ist of November last. The minimum rent payable in reapact of. private property gold mining leases is rednoed by seel ion 86 from £l to 10s per annum, hilt this reduction applies only to areas of 20 acres and under. For areas of over 20 aorea rent at a yearly rate of 6d per acre mnet be collected. In the oases, how ever, in whioh smaller sums than 10s per annum are now payable, such smaller Bums shall oontinne to be paid. In consequence of the low state of the lake the oonnoii’s rushentting steamer cannot bn got into the abed and has to be moored near the gardens. It is therefore proposed to ex tend the shed 30 or 40 feet further into the lake an that the boat may be protected from vandalism and the ill effects of being exposed to all weathers. Mr F. Eagleton, B9orotary to the Ballarat Hospital, has been instrumental in consider ably augmenting the snm rao-ivad from paying patients in lha institution. During the last six months over £6O more than during the previous half-year has been received from this sonroe. Patients who oannot pay the regular fees—£3 3s per week —are requested to aontribnte as mnoh as their means allow, and as even the smallest sums are accepted, it is anticipated that by the end of the year a substantial snm will be the result of' the secretary's capable management. Hebert Burns’ birthday, which occurs to morrow (the Scottish poet having been born on the 25th of January, 1759) will be celebrated hy a Scotch supper at the Citv Hall. The Ballarat Caledonian Society, nnder who-e anspiaeß the snpper is being held, have annually gained “the gratefu’ prayer” nf.local Scots by “ Gien them a Haggis,” and so -ucoeasfut waa the gathering on the la-t occa sion that a large attendance is expeoted to morrow night. The speeches will for the most pare .treat of the post’s life, his works and the influence of his writings, and a splendid pro gramme of Scottish mueia and reoitations will be renderod throughout the evening. The Bokewood Console mine, whioh was at one time looked upon as a very promising concern, and from which a largo quantity of gold was won, was added to the long li-t of abandoned claims on Friday, the ehareh-iiders heing unable to continue operations any longer owing to the shortness of funds. The poor response to the calls of lata indioated that many of the shareholders had lost all faith in the venture. At an extraordinary meeting of the shareholders held on Friday, it was pointad out that tho calling power of the company was very ne irly exhausted, and that they w ire sailing perilously close to their limit overdraft—£soo Tinder the cirontn stances, it was considered advisable to olnss down th“ mine, and the dirsotnrs ware em powered to dispose of the a-aeta on the ra >st advantageous terms possible. A sum of £10.309 has been expended by the company in winning gold to the value of £5890. The excursion train which passed through Ballarat for Beaufort and Horsham nn Sa'ur. day was not very extensively patronised. It will return to-day as a farmer-.’ excursion, passing through the City at 4.18 p.m. The mayor has not yet lost Bight, of his pro ject for introducing a soheme of State or municipal fire insnranop. “ Although,” he re marks in hie fortnightly report, “thepuhlic of the oolony was promised by the Acting Premier that a Royal Commission should enquire into this important subject, there appears to be a desire on the part of the hon. gentleman to abandon the idea. It is much to he regretted,” he adds, “for it is the opinion of the people of the oolony that State or mnni oipal insurance should bo controlled by the State, and thus relieve insurers from the exorbitant oharge made by the companies in the rate of premium. In some oases a rise of 400 per cent, has been made.” He therefore recommends that the Premier baa<ked to have tho Commission appointed, in order that the trne etate of affairs might be ascertained. If the chirges now made are fair and equitable, the companies would have an opportunity, he considers, of showing such to bo the case. The Rev. Dr Robinson occupied the pulpit at St. Andrew’s Kirk yesterday at both services, and preaahed two exoellent sermons to large and attentive congregations. In the morning he ohose as hia text 11. Corinthians iii., 18 —“ But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass tho glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image, from glory to glory, even na by the spirit of tho Lord.” At night the Bermon waa based upon Romms i., 1 and 3—“ Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to bo an apostle, separated unto tho gospel of God, concerning Hia Son, Jems Christ onr Lord, which was made of the seed of David according to the flesh." if," | preacher dealt ably with Paul’s claim ll ? apostlesbip, with Ilia inimitable epistles *? li the glorious gospel which he preached 'tv 1 choir, nnder the able leadership of jjfA* I Boustead, rendered Himmel’a “ 0 coma 1 1 I us worship,” Mine Jessie Walker eingmvti I •do very feelingly. In the e/suing \y 0 1 71 ward’s “Crossing the bar" was excollentt’ I given. ° I Olive M'Miobie, 5 years old, of Eiponatraji I was treated at the hospital on Saturday fot I abscess on the hand, supposed to have h/* I caused by a bite from a oat. 61 I The attendances of the magistrates np O[l .L I bench at the Town Court during the I quarter were as followHr R. E .T„t I P.M., 5; Mr H. Jos-pba, 77; Mr H. 'gilT l 20; Mr I. Pearce, 15; Mr J. S. Trerbo”! 7 ’ U; Mr Charles Mor-is, 13; Mr J. T. Phill,!!' 13; Mr J. Long, 12; Mr Ja-. Lonie 1‘). f, ! ' G. King. 11; ilr W. Gale, 10; Mr T. Wiliii™ 9; Mr \V. Robertson, 8; Mr W. D. M‘K«. s’ J. R. Elsworth, 2; and Mr J. H. Paady. o’ 6 ’ The Burrnmbeet Park and Windnrmei. Racing Club’s meeting, to be held on WeiW day next, Foundation Day, promises to be of a very successful character. A. large nu ra b>; of entries have been received, and every 00 '. veniencs has been arranged for visitors j a ’ eluding special trains, which will jg, ' Ballarat at 10.15 and 11.15 a.m. and 12 nooj and leave Burrnmbeet on the return jourtuj at 6.40 p.m. * The Ballarat Eleoloral Revision Court nil! be held on Wednesday, the 2nd of Fi-brca,, at 10 e.m. The Clones Licensing Court *i|i sit on Tuesday, the Ist of February, and the Clones Revision Court will be held on the of February, that at All-ndale on the 9th and that at Creswick on the 22nd of the month. Entries are coming in freely for the vnrio t ( I events to be oon' anted at the sports t« ba bslj at Allendale on Foundation Day. Thera will be keen competition in the fire brigade event) for ongine, boae*reel, and hydrant work. Xh» fire brigades of Ballarat City, Dayleaford,a a j Clunes will be represented, an well as the'locjl firemen. There are good entries for the ban. dioap and other races, and the raoes for bojj and girls are.sure to fill np well, while tb s comic race j , such as sack raoe, egg and apooa race, &c.;, will afford ample amnsement. will be a free merry-go-round for the children. The tng-of-war between teams from the variooi schools is exoiting much interest. The course Is near the railway atatioo.'and the trains will be very convenient for visitors from either direction. A miner named Patrick Madden was ar rested by Constable Mooney in Main street yesterday morning, on a charge of having n<ed obscene, language. The business transacted in petty sessions st Ballarat East for the quarter ending 3| ; j December, 1897> comprised the bearing of the following oases: —Indictab'e offences—Ag out the person, 3; larceny, 1; 2 oommittals. Sum mary jurisdiction Offences against the parson, 10; against property, 8; insbriatsi, 81; against the public, police, &e.;, 15; tots), 113\. The total number of oases hoard woi 257 for the quarter, oat of which 173 oonvic tions wero recorded. The number of fines paid totalled 128. On the nivil list 75 cases ware beard, the amount sued for totalling £341 18s lOd, of whioh £274 11s Id was recovered. There wore 104 licenses of various kinds granted, whilst thron cases of lunacy were dealt with. The grand total of cases is 443, against 342 for tho preceding quarter. The marked increase in the number ot inebriates dealt with, wbioh roße from 37 ia the preceding quarter to 81 last quarter, is attributed to the reoent continuous heat of the weather. Some sharpers bait their hooks very cleverly, while other swindles are so apparent that it is a wonder that dupes are to be fonnd who are taken in by them. Generally speaking, however, those who “live by their wits,"as the phrase ie, find that Carlyle’s dictum as to the preponderance of folly in mankind was not far from the truth. Seme time since tbs attention of a yonng lady living in Ballarat was directed to an advertisement concerning a gnessing competition, for whioh prizes were offered by tbs Austral Ameriaan Novelty Cos., of Sydney. Tbe lady forwarded her gu»si oa a coupon supplied for the pnrpose, and in doe time reoeived a reply to the effect that she had won a £25 bioycle, and if. she would send £1 for oarriige tha “bike” would be forwarded to her address. Sba was also in formed that if she wished to be saved tbe bother of clearing it through the oustoms this would be. undertaken by the oompsnyil she eaolosed an additional 255.\ About this, however, the "agent” for the “oompany" very onnningly did not appear at all anxious. Bat the lady was not oouvinoed that all was right, and consulted Plain-oothes Constable Kogenon to whom she handed £l, with the request tbst as ahe had no friends in Sydney, ha would ask the police at that place to make enquirias, and, if the affair was genuine, take possession of the bioycle on her behalf and forward it. A reply ha- been reoeived from the Inspector- General of Polios in New South Wales notify ing that William Grady, who carried on tbs business of the company at Sydney, had bits arrested and committed for trial on a charge of fra'nd in connection with the competitiou. When arrested, Grady had just received a large budget of letters, many of which con tained either £L notes or orders for £1 or £2 5s from persons who bad apparently been notified thst they bad won bioyoles. The advisability of taking steps to afford assistance to the sufferers by the reoent bush fires in Qippsland will to-day be considered by the City Counoil. The mayor recommends that tbe council should vote a lump awn towards ttiis object, and suggests that tbe general pnblic and outlying municipalities should be invited to supplement this sum, particularly as a great nnrnber of the suffering settlers were formerly residents of this dis trict. The Ballarat East Library, after having undergone a thorough cleansing and renova tion at the bands of the contractors, Mwri Ludbrook and Allen, nndsr the supervision of Mr W. Robertson, tbe town engineer, will be re-opened on Wednesday next. Tha whole of the interior has been repainted, and tbs loot) scoured and laid with now matting, the Utter having considerably improved tha appearance of the pl-ce. The oeilinga have beeu artis tically decorated, and some excellent graining has been done, giviug the library a very elegant appearance. Representative of those municipalities whioh favor an alteration in tha Country fire Brigades’ Aot are to be inri-ed to mast tbs Oity Counoil, with a vi-»w to deciding on » plan of action prior to the Chief Secretary con vening a onnfsrence to discuss tha proposed loan. It is probable that some of tha officers of the Ballarat City Rowing Clnb will have an inter j view with the railway authorities on Wednes day next with reference to the deitrnotiou ot I their eight-oared racing boat, which w»l burnt while being conveyed to the TTpp-* Terra regatta. The railway officials hare ex pressed a wish to have a personal interview with the officers of the olnb. Chag. Hawkins, 63 years old, of Minin’ Rest, was treated at the hospital yesterday for a dislocation of one shoulder, caused by being knocked down by * horse. Selins Yonng, 10 years old, of Eyre street, »»s attended to for « dislocation of onn elbow, tbs result of a fall; Qeo. Mansfield, 39, of Bipon atreet, for a laoerated wound on ibe arm, caused by tha fall of a piece of reef at the Last Chance mine; Inge Boyaon, 4, of Eyil atreet, for brui*ing of the abdominal mascleJj oansed by being knocked down by a hoiw and Isabelle Smi'b, 36, of Fraser atreet. Mount Pleasant, for an injury to the left leg, sustained by being thrown out of a buggy. Two men named William Watts and Wilr liam Ryan, who bad evidently been imbibing very freely on Saturday night, became so boisterous ia Lydiard atreet that they were arrested on a charge of riotous behsTioor. Watts rssis'ed violently, nnd in tho oourseot a souffle with him Constable M'Cormack b»<* one of his fingers dislocated. He, however,, held to his assailant, and oonveyed him to toe City watohhousp, where a Booond charge-' that of resisting Constable M’Cormack in tb» exeention of hie duty—wae preferred agiud® him. An aocident happened to a boy named J. Carroll on Satnrday afternoon while be w* following the Midtia Bind from the Yiotori* Park homewards. A milk cart that was past’ ing the band at tho time knocked the boy down, and one of tha wheels passed over m right foot and hand. On being taken to t Hospital it was found that his injuries wet vry slight and ho was able to be removed to bis home. „ “Henry George, his Life and or fv. formed the -nbjeot of a lecture given at jB Baptist soho ilroom, Dawson streot, yesterday afternoon by the Rev. J. A. Soper. The re • gentleman briefly reviewed the life of this os brated soaial reformer, and quoted m'o/ passages from his works. “ Henry Georg®, aaid Mr Sopor, wrote that if productive la ia London ceased for a few hours, P ,O P. would die in hundreds, and in a week bar J one would belefr alive. Capital and labor a dependent on one another—they stand or together. Labor needs capital to P a “. f energies into shape, and capital without la wonld boa dreamy, nseless thing-. To w > ever cause poverty may bo due, it is not to the niggardliness of nature; it w ° u s blasphemy to assume that the Creator designed masses of men to toil hard for a . .. living. Who that looked about him could to see that it wss only injnstioe that denied ■ „ natural price of labor.” "Henry G OOt K • said tbe lecturer, "likened the preasnt .j B ditions under which men lived to a got f O3B betweon a number of hoga for a pail of re instead of to well bred men aod . won y'°i.!,t dinner, the latter being an illustration ot . life onghc to be; it sh-mld not be a gor * . i in ordor to live.” Henry Georg 4 re"* l . men that they wero brothers. Thi'was * 8 . of Christ. Men had got a loog way from the xrinoipl#* of Christianity. The recognition that all men are brothers should not take the form of charity, but of justice. To give a roan what be had a right to was not oharity. Erery man had a right to live. _ Henry George’s theory aa to the root of social evils was that it was land monopoly which com pslled men to part with a large portion of the products of their labor in order to pay rent, which really meant in order to live. The rev. gentleman concluded with the following text, which illustrated and upheld the doctrine of Benry George—“ The rich and poor meet together, and the Lord is the maker of them all.” John Page, an elderly man, who gave him self up to the Ballarat North police a few days a go, as he had no means of obtaining a living, will be brought np at the City Police Court this morning on a charge of vagranay. A cricket match between the officers of the Melbourne and Ballarat Battalions will be played in Ballarat about the 10th of next month, and it is probable that the oomman dant and other offioers will be present at the banquet to be tendered to the Federal Con vention delegates. Bnlch’s band played a select programme of music on Saturday in Shoppee Square. It ig understood that the business people of the east of Sturt street are making arrangements for similar Saturday night concerts in the rotunda near The Star office. Mr Castro, frniterer, of Camp street, is making a collection amongst his fellow trades men for the benefit of the sufferers by the Gippsland bnshfires, and has so far received about £5. The noting clerk of works for the City (Mr Ferrar) has drawn the attention of tbe Town •Council to the neoessi'y for renaira to the planking of the Mair and Wills streets bridge. A collector’s license was granted by Messrs Acbeson, M‘Naught and Cooke, J.’eP., at the City Court on Saturday to S. C. Walton, and the application for a similar license made by J. H. Briggs was postponed until to-day pending inquiries by the police. The State schools re-open to-day after the Christmas and New Tear holidays. " Frederick Prentice, whp was recently, arrested by Detective Wardley on a charge of having fraudulently obtained £27 worth of jewellery from Aurora Thorpe at Sydney in November last, whs brought before the City Court again on Saturday, and remanded to appear at Sydney. He will be escorted to Sydney by Constable Maade, of the New South Wales police force. The Rer. R. Heffernan, vicar of All Saints’ will next week leave Ballarat for a month’s holiday. Mr M'AUister, recently of Filzroy, will take charge of-the Pleasant street State school to day, and Mr Smithwick, late head master at Pleasant street, will fill tbe poßitiou recently vacated by his successor. ThenewPhilarmnnicSnciety will meet in the Manchester Unity Hall, Grenville street, to night, and as tbe bnsinesß is very important all members and intending members are par ticularly requested to attend. The only business transaoted at the Town Court on Saturday was the granting of a marine Btore collector’s license to Edward Eeighian. A vacancy for a female assistant teaoher of tbe eighth class, at Allendale, is gazetted. 