General News. David Tweedie walked into the sea | at Elwood beacb, near Melbourne,with a bag of water round his neck and was drowned. He left a letter stating that his married life had not been happy and tbat it was his intention to end his life. One of the mines at "Walballa has | been shut down owing to scarcity of water, and 193 men have teen put out of employment. Two boys have confessed to the j Glenhuntley (Vic.) police that they placed a stone on the railway line near Caulfield on Saturday, the result being j that the engine attached to a special race train left the rails at the carve. Very little damage was done. ^ The .stamp duties of South Australia from Jnlyl, 1897, to February 5,1898, brought in £17,070, or a decrease of j £553, "while the -land and income tax 1 produced £27,439, or £443 more than list year. The Customs duties amount ed to £349,121, or a decrease of £10,540. Bushfires havebeen. raging in the Grampian mountains in Victoria for over a fortnight, and a quantity of richly grassed country south of the Grampians has-been burnt. ■ Bushdres-have been raging, in the Horsham district (Victoria) and bare: swept an immense track of country destroying thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing. It is rumored that Sir William Mac Gregor, Governor of New .Guinea, will succeed Lord jGormgnston as Governor of Queensland. Kate Teeban, a girl who came out to Perth, IV,A., with the last batch of immigrants, and who was living at the depot awaiting engagement as a domestic servant, committed suicide last Monday week,.. .About 7 o'clock she got np, dressed, saturated her clbthes with kerosene, and going into an outhouse setherself on fire. She died two. boors later in the hospital. A heavy pall of smoke has.- been resting, over Adelaide and down St. Vincent's Gnlf, mid shipping has been interfered with. Thfif will he.fifiyathree Saturdays i- during 1398,- as the year both begins and ends oh a. Saturday. . Mr. Paris Nesbit, Q.C., was released from theParkeide Lunatic phylum on Monday wieek.' The Murray at Albury now pre sents a remarkable spectacle owing to the lowness of the stream. It is possible at many places to wade across the channel without:the water reaching far above the. ankle. The .river hag not been so low for over forty years. j Boshfires are : raging' throughout Tas mania with unabated force. On Tuesday week Hobart waa almost in total darkness. ; A disasirouB fire occurred early on Tuesday morning in a large tobacco fac tory :; in Melbourne owned by Messrs. Moss, White & Co. The building is a six story one, but the fire was checked -U:-«nsceinhd~lD-{Es ■ third floor from the top. ~ A man named: Mark Figgott while engaged with another man in.cleaning out a well in the Hundred of JBlackler, near Streaky Bay, was accidentely drowned. He was being hauled up in a bucket and when, 3 ft from the sur face he fell djut of it, the well .being 100ft deep.' J _ 