TASMANIAN BUSHFIRES. DESTRUCTION OF LIFE AND PRO- PERTY. TRAGIC INCIDENT. Details of the bush fires which began on Mount Wellington, in Tasmania, on Friday, show that the devastation has been widespread, the flames rushing down the valleys towards the coast, sweeping miles of country, and destroying houses, orchards, and fences in its train. Several lives have been lost, the destruction of live stock also being heavy. The devas- tation on the Huon road, at Upper and Lower Longley, and at Sandfly, is deplor- able, dwellings, churches, post offices, hotels, farms, and dwellings being reduced to ashes. About twenty houses have been destroyed, and the vegetation and timber have been reduced to coal blackness. Mrs Jones, wife of a groom near the Longley Hotel, was burnt to death while rushing through the bush towards her home. Her boy also perished. Every person in the locality would have been burnt to death also had they not taken shelter under a bridge at North-west Bay, where they huddled together, partly in the water, and remained for hours. On Saturday a fruit picker named Bates was found dead near the bank of a rivulet he had tried to reach. Two men were burnt to death at Kettering. On Friday morning J. R. Peacock, a printer, from Melbourne, left Brown's River on a bicycle, in the direction of Sandfly, intending to go to Woodbrldge. This was just before the fire was at its fiercest. He has not been heard of since. A party of four Melbourne tourists, who were sojourning at the Longley Hotel, fled with others to the shelter of the bridge, but lost all their luggage. People from the burnt out districts are flocking into Hobart. Manly are penniless, as well as homeless, and barely clad. The mayor has started a public subscription for their relief. Hlundreds of people from the town have visited the scene of the disaster, and the report they bring back is that the danger of extension of the fire is appa- rently averted, but that the scene of desolation is appalling. The roads in many places are blockeds with trees, and telegraphic communication is cut off, which prevents the receipt of any precise details from the remoter localities. One result of the fire is the almost entire de- struction of raspberry and other small fruit crops. The heat wave, added to the blast from the mountain fires, has de- stroyed all fruits, even in localities un- touched by actual flames. Kangaroo Valley, for instance, is utterly denuded. 