BICYCLE SPORTS AT ALEXANDRA. It was with fear and trembling that the committee of the Alexandra Bicycle Club saw old Sol rise through his halo of bush fire smoke last Wednesday, for was not the much-talked-of race meeting at hand, and their trust was that public opinion would recognise the attractions of a pro gramme on which such gigantic pains and no little expenditure (from an extremely low exchequer) had been expended to render of uncommon interest. The gen tlemen who, in their cycling enthusiasm, infused so much energy into the meeting, have been rewarded with an attendance and gate-money which, if not quite up to expectations, will nevertheless enable them to finish their labours with a balance to the club, and earn the thanks of the public for providing an afternoon's sport, with a few exceptions, of an interesting character. The latter, it is only fair to state, arose through inexperience of cycl ing laws and customs, a fault which time will surely remedy; and otherwise the officials are deserving of every commenda tion. It was unfortunate that at least half the men were too heavily handicapped, and the consequent scratching robbed many events of their interest; but it was to be expected that mistakes would happen in this direction when no guide to the calibre of the men was obtainable. The surprise of the afternoon was the un doubtedly brilliant riding of Alf. Arm strong, who won everything he attempted in such fine style that his bests, from a competitive point of view, were decidedly monotonous. To lead easily till the last lap, and then leave the others yards behind, seemed to be his mode of procedure; and though his riding was a treat to witness, the good handicap alloted to him was most ridioulous. To give a splendid, allround athlete, riding a racing machine, 75 yards, while men riding comparatively heavy roadster "Eagles" were on scratch, would seem unfair to the veriest novice in handi capping. The times recorded by the riders of the latter machines fully upheld the high reputation they have gained in the district for their easy running quali ties. In the Consolation Race an exasper ating bungle occurred. A man started before the pistol was fired, and though the scratch man was stopped by the judges, the limit men did not know whom to obey, the crowd and the starter calling one thing and the judges another. They raced it out together. The scratch man was awarded the race, the others refusing to again start, E. Rossiter's luck was de cidedly out, a special racing machine which he was to have ridden failed to arrive from Melbourne, and he was com pelled to ride a borrowed machine. Mr. Geo. Morris, as trainer of A. Hubbard. and C. Pitschner, secured four places, the men being as fit as possible. On the whole, the club is deserving of congratu lations on the successful result of this its first race meeting. Dr. J. H. Johnson made an efficient judge, and Messrs. H. E. Walker, E G. Doherty and C. Tipper satisfactorily filled the positions of referee, timekeeper, and starter respectively, while the secretary (Mr. J. H. McKinnon) was indefatigable In his exertions. Appended are details of the racing :— HALF-MILE FLUTrreB. First Heat -A. Armstrong, 20yds. 1. This was easily won by Armstrong,the other starter (IR. Dobson, 60yds.) not com pleting the distance. Time. 2mso. 40aeo; Becond Hoast.--0. Pitechner. 40yds., 1. 0\. Hall, 75yds., and O. F. Kellook, 5yds., cl elgo.start"d. Ptichner was In remark- fo ably a?lbol forte, as is shown by the time m2 recorded. Hall easily got second place ba from Kellock, who was over-handicapped. Time, luio. 18eeo.'. Third: Heat.-E. 18 Roseiter, sor., 1. A. Hubbard, ecr., was be the otlier competitor. This was one of th the hest contests of the day. Rossiter lot gnt-slightly the better esart, rid main- by tamed his lead, Hubbard only losing by a an few yards. Time, 1min. 18 4-5eeo. t: FINAL EAT. tb A. Armstrong. 20yde. ... 1 . C. Pitacher, 40yde. ... ... 2 E. Rossiter, scratch ... .. 3 a Armstrong rode a splendid race. He' we soon eat'ght Pitohnoer, and Rossiter's han-' m dia?p was too muoh for him to have a tig htiange, though he made a plucky attempt wj near the straight to overtake Pitechner. W A.B.C. PlHanzlAPr. Firt'. prize, £3 10s ; second, £1 10 . th Two miles. w( First·aenat. - A. Armstrong (w.o,). en Second Heat.-C. Kellock (w.o.). Third di Heat;-U. Pitechner, 122yds., 1. D. It. Magee, 150yds., also started. Pitaehner me rode a beautiful race. Keeping together till quite near tile.post, Charlie sprinted be ahead. to, twhicb Dave, wlho rode most h pluckiiyjfailed to respond. Time, 5min. me 4s." , -F T.. tic S.??t . Armtror., 76yds. ... fr S ;. 'itsshner, 125yde., ... 2 d ·.cO .Kellook, 10yds., also ran. Arm- ti strong lung on to Piteohnor till the bell ac rang, when he make a dash and landed an re easy winner. Kellock was hopeleasly out of it. Time, 5min. 33secs. c. , NOVICE RACE. 18 First prize, £1 ; second, 10s. One mile. First Heat.-C. Hall, 120yde., 1. The M other starters were : N. Gilbert, 150yds., l D. Magee, 75yds. This hieat was won at handsomely by Hall, Magee failing to re- a .jbnd it the last lap. Second and Third as enats.-- fubhord and Arthur Armstrong do each had awalkover in their respective hests* tat FINAL HEAT. C. Hall, 120yds. ... ... 1. A. Hubbard, scratch... ... 2 .Arthur Armstrong, 160yds... 3 Hall maintained his advantage to the end, and though Hubhard n~annaI Acem- a S-trong, ho failed to catch the loader. Time, on 2min. 11 4.5th soce. ( s:i r OBSTACLE RAOce. Five essayed the tack of winning this event, but the flour bags proved too much , for some, while the spectacle preseonted by at those who managed to crawl through the saoks was very entortaining to gaze upon, while the attempts of aome of the com- 0 petitors to wheel round the barrels was rr responsible for more than one collisino. C The event was ultimately won by Roseaiter, with Kellock second andl Hubbard third, b but the prizes were awarded to the last named two, as the umpire declared, though p there was a divergence of opinion on the matter, that the winner had accidontly omitted to pass n barrel. CONLOLATIOcN R Aci. As stated above, thio race ended in E Bositor being declaredr the winner throogh the others starting before the piatol vwai fired. 'oI?oN'T' COon.-Relief can be obtained im mediately. Uso " KLEATING8' COUGHI LOZENGES" wellknown ac the utterly unre. called ConghRemedcy. Strongly recomm'endcdd by many eminent physicians. They at onect I Sbheck thecough and remove the caoe-- wvi thouo any after effect; the moat delicate ,an there fore take them One Lozenge :alone givcs casa 1 \--oneor two at bedtime ensurcs rest, foilt everywhereintions atl18d 