THE VALUE OF MIXED GRASSES] By W. 0. M'K. A good many calamities in this world have been of value in an educational sense; from evil very often has arisen good. The bush-fires of last summer in Gippsland and the Beech Forest have clearly demonstrated this contention, and also proved that there is a silver lining to every dark cloud." The devastating flames that licked the great forests of Victoria and reduced them to heaps of ashes and blackened stumps, served a good end by cleaning up the ground and letting the sunlight in upon lands that had become "sour" with under growth and dead wood; and a double pur pose was achieved by the settlers them selves, who, while their lands lay bare and desolate, perceived that the vast areas of ash-beds could be converted into grazing lands with no further outlay than that involved in the purchase of seed. Hun dreds of selectors constructed their own "silver lining" while contemplating their devastated lands, by broadcasting grass seed where the ashes were, and waiting till the rains came to convert desolation into verdure and make the blackened stretches wave with green fodder. This was done in both districts above named, and the sown paddocks how tell their own tale. Mr. James Harrison and Mr. Colin Tul loh, landholders in the Beech Forest, are among the many farmers alluded to who sowed grass seed extensively after the bush fires had passed away, and as both have g°ne . thoroughly into the task of sowing: their lands, and made successes of their efforts, a word about their opera tions will prove interesting. Both fanners have sown mixed grasses, rather than con fine themselves to one or two kinds, and they now contend th&t; this method enables them -to run fiflly one sheep to the acre thore in their paddocks dhan would he pos : Mr. were growing tJftcnson, whohas' paid considerable at ^ntidh''to thfe* 4ueSti<m0f Oapabilitifis ftq&f; 4»wn 'particular adetaentffomtho^Wtoi nn assortment of fced. _ it gust^datice re S^^^thsSr ' There is co gency. so it h»8 "f-h* feeding *?" adopted. Ba I/O" 'T^fmorc h\vgcly from the rich • /the ihc m'xed grasses give a 0s accession of crops than a single One grass springs and forms fod &"■ Kfr than am)!fur. Another kind tjC'scone''- and supplies the nutrition \- ,'ninir io tl>e P'11'" p1nPe nt ;ul cal'her P1! \n<] tlion there are tlic several I mps of greenness. One grass is dying Sanother remains succulent, and the I together. eo"si '"',e eood f<?pd- •' And> 'JJiennem "«'ir arc elements which JUL from one an other, the combination / .«.nr|i that all ihc requirements ,jf 'true fattoiirng fodder are fully met. fr.' iliirrisoii "s fW acres of grass paddocks Lain cocksfoot, rye, Timothy, fog, fes ,,L „i,J rib grass; white and red clovers, 'iJ'twfoih Two pounds of clover seed L used villi every bushel of the other pass,,? in equal proportions, and the whole Lnihcd together, and sowed by hand the ash beds refered to. The sowing coinnieiioed late in February, and 0d ,)» (he 17lh of April. The first "ins of April brought on a good ] powth, and now there is a show of grass js liejaihichs which would delight the eye ' tltny grader. The rye grass stands 4ft. jipl. mid (he greenness of the other kinds 'tf relieved by the flowers and lighter ' -W ,if the clovers. : Vr fiilJoli's area under mixed grasses leftovers is 1,800 acres, the varieties be jf-^Grasses—Cocksfoot, Timothy, fox fail' and fescue. The clovers are of the nd'nnd iihife kinds. Prairie grass has Jot been tried, the opinion being held in the district that the variety is too delicate for broadcasting in tiie rough and ready fashion above described, and this no doubt js (roe. 3Jr. Tulloli iinds that the clovers hrf all the summer, and give good pitting when the other fodder is dry. The combination of grasses on this estate has proved as satisfactory as in Mr. Harrison's esse, and both gentlemen are assured that the system of mixed grasses is very much better than the plan of those who pin their faith to one or two kinds only. 