Don RECISTiTATION.-The Shire Council at its last meeting instructed the collectors to prosecute in all cases where owners neglect to register their iogs, the owners would therefore do well to give the matter their early attention, as the officers mentioned will have no other course open to them than the enforce ment of the Act, in the event of default of payment. ST: Jonu's CHURCs.-The first meet ing of the Vestry of St. John's church was held last Monday evening. Present, the Vicar and Messrs Christie jr.. Speed, Firth, Wood, Hickson, and Bradshaw. The resignation of Mr E. Perry froui the Secretaryship of the church was accepted with regret, and a vote of thanks for his services rendered. An election of office b arers took place atid Mr 'irth way elected Secreir;i ad Mr Bradsha6 Treasurer. Sundr routine bnsiness.as thien' disposed i and the meeting ended. WILL OFrTIIE LATE MRt ANDREW. We take the following from the Arius of Monday last, The will and five codicils of the late James Andrew, of Glcnhope, Dalhousie, farmer, have been lodged for probate. The testator died on the 15th December, 1897, and the will is dated 2nd December, 1892, and the last of the codicils 22nd January, 1897\. The real estate is valued at L2,830, and the personalty at L581 ; together, L3,411. The property is left to the widow and children of the deceased. . TnE WEATHER -The heat wave which had been very trying to the com munity for some time, was fairly broken on Friday afternoon, when a heavy thunderstorm passed over the district. The rain set in shortly after 4 o'clock, and continued pretty well through the night. For the first three hours the rain was very heavy, 3 inches falling by about 7 o'clock. During this time thunder and lightning prevailed, at the north end of the town there being some terrific claps of thunder, one especially which came down with a terrible crash. Altogether the fall registered by Mr Sandy at the Post Office was 3 inches 64 points, Water was running every where-water courses full and the creek a banker. By the following morning, however, it had gone down, but dams and household tanks were full to running over. People however soon began to find that the water caught has an unmistakably smoky flavor, which may easily be accounted for by the fact that the atmosphere during the rain and for along time before was much thick ened by smoke from bushfires: This should befreely. overlooked in the face of. such a splendid jirovision after so long and trying experience of drought. Sunday'last was the day appointed for prayers for rain, but thanksgiving was offered instead. PIANO TousrIo. - G. W. Richardson, Practical Piano and Organ Tuner, rep resenting Carnegie & Sons, Melbourne, wishes to intimate that he will pay his usual visit to 1 eathcote for the above purpose in a few days. Pianos and Organs valued for exchange. Full value allowed. Address -Farley's Union Hotel.-[ADVT.] DENTISTRY.--Mr A. Hariis dentist, visits Heathcote on Wednesday and Thursday 22nd and 23rd inst. Con sultation at the Heathcote Hotel. DEATH OF A BENDIGO RESIDENT. We leuru from the obitunry notices in the " Arc-ui" of the deatlh on Sandoy list at an advanced ag,, of Miss Louisa CroftR, a very old and much respected residi nt of Brndigo. iAMi Crofts, who ivia known to a itlmlllr f fleathicote, residents, was sister of Mr J. 1), Crnfts, who it ,ne time frequently ,aid visits to eitlethcote, and mstme yearA nato Heteld ai Governtment A: ditor t,.:he Shtirt, J.-'I'vr, Tuor M'Ivi TisiC s.-Un Thursday nat, Mr E. Perry, one of the partners, arrying on the newspaper and printing business of the " \l'e-or Times" severed his connection with the firm to take an appointment in a well-known and pro minent printing establishment in Mel bournei Mr Perry entered the otlice in 1888, learning the business in its different branches, At the end of 1895, on Mr Robinson resuming possession of the paper after it had been leased for a time, he, with Mr P. Purcell, also long on the staff, was taken in as a partner. The carrying out of the duties in con n ctioi with the paper, brought Mr Perry poruminently before the conm inunity, and as lie is an aspiring youg man with a good deal of energy and obliging withal, it was not long before he began to occupy public positions, honorary and otherwise. Among these may be enumerated the Secretaryships of the Church of England, Masonic Lodge, Horticultural Society and the Cycling Club, past Officer and Auditor of the Oddfellows' Lodge, and teacher of the Church of England Sunday School for about five years. Mr Perry was given a social farewell by members of the Oddfellows' Lodge at the Heath cote Hotel on Tuesday evening last week, when a very pleasant time was spent. After a meeting of the _Cycle J_,: Lj,Alq iivtiueff Mr Perry to a parting glass. Mr fI. Christie occupied the chair. MIr Firth, in proposing the toast - of Our Guest, said he bhad known Mr Perry for about two years, and the first day he saw him he respected him and since then it had only increased. He was of a quiet, genial disposition, and by his straightforward manner would always command respect. He (Mr Firth) wished Mr Perry every success in Mel bourne, and felt sure lie wonld better himself. 1Mr Perry responded. Dr Heard and several others also referred to Mr Perry's good qualities. The next toast on the list was the M'Ivor Dis trict Cycling Club, proposed by Mr Perry, and responded to by Messrs Christie and Thomas. The toast of the Ladies, the Press, and the Chairman were duly honored. The remainder of the evening was spent in harmony. INTERNATI ,NAL CRICKET. --When the Victorians collapsed in their second innings for 112 runs, and thus left the Soutlh Australians 147 to win, it was generally anticipted that the latter wouldscoreaneasy victory. Such, how ever was not the case, When stumps were drawn on ,Monday rhevisitors had lost one wicket for3 runs,and yesterday therenminderof the team were dis.pised of for a total of 120. The Victorian, have, consequently, won by 26 iuns, and they have also secured the Sheffild shield. TaH EIGHT Houns ART UNITo'- The always popular art union in con nection with tlie anniversary of Eigliht Ilours Day in Melhourne, which takes place this year on 21st April, is an nonunced in our advertising columns. This wail lie the 42nol celebration of the estabishment of the system which enjoins "Eight hours' laonr, eight hours' recre. atiot and eight hours' rest" and the committee has already made such arrangements in connectinu with the feie in the F'riendly Societies Gr 'und as to ensure ýuccessi The. first prize in the art,.un onu.isof'`hle a,?sluto value £1,000, the second prize £200, and thei' third £100, and there are 1l7 other prizes of various values. Special a! tention is directed to the imp,.rtant fiect that every ticket actlually solid, and no others, will hive a ehance in the art union, which will be drsawn puolicly on the evening of 30th April, and duly advertised. It should be mentioned that every chance in the arit union drawing, whether used for admission to the fete in Melnourue or nor. On this occasion the proceeds of the under taking will be distributed among the charitahie institutions of the colony. Tickets are Is each. 