COUNTY CounT.-The Couty Court and Court of Mines are gazetted to be held "t lleathcte on 29th April. HOSPITAL FETE MEETING.-The Hospital Fete meeting which was to have been heid last Monday was post poned until next Monday, February 7th, when all members of the Committee are requested to attend. MINING RETURn.-Miessrs Hagan and party crushed 25 tons last week from the Mundy Gully reef for 45 ozs. The stone was obtained at a depth of 60 feet, and the mine is said to be looking well. The result for the work of 3 men for 10 weeks has been 70 ozs. A THOUSAND OUNCE NUGOET.-The Perth correspondent of the Age reports that two miners unearthed a 1,00Ooz. nugget in the alluvial near Bayley's, at Coolgardie. The gold has been lodged in a bank at Perth. LAPSED MEETINGs.-The ordinary meeting of the Water Trust lapsed last evening for the want of a quorum, only Commissioners Lewis and Sims being present. The annual meeting of the Horticultural Society suffered a like fate, four'members attending, and it was post poned till next Tuesday. Thelax attend ance was no doubt due to the excessive heat of the evening. DEATH OF Dn EuBLra 's DAUGHTER. -We were sorry to notice in last Friday's Argus the announcement of the death of the eldest unmarried daughter of Dr W. H..Elubling, M.L.C The deceased,: was only 24 years of age, and died on Wednesday last. Much sympathy if felt for Dr and Mrs Em bling in their sad bereavement. AN Ex-MEUnBERI FOt RODNEY.-The Tatura people (says the Ecliuca Herald) are talking about getting up some move ment in recognition of Mi W. T. Webb's services as one of the representatives of Rodney for nine years. The matter has been mentioned in both Echuca and Rochester and it seemed to be generally thought that the Rochester people would initiate the movement. According to the remarks of the Tatura Guardian the Goulburn Valley people would be heartily in accord with any movement of the kind indicated. Something more may be heard of the matter directly. DEATH AT :'l URCHISON.- Death has been busy among the residents of North Murchison of late. Following the demise of Mr Alexander Anderson on Sunday, that of Mr H. Trevaskis' second son, Fred, - occurred on M onday. Deceased was only 32, but had been a great sufferer from an affection of the lungs and heart for a number of years, and as the doctors held out no hope of his recovery his death was not altogether unexpected, although Ithe end came suddenly and .was immediately due to the bursting of a blood vessel. He was a great favorite not only with the mem bers of the family but with all his acquaintances. A large number of friends showed their sympathy with the bereaved relatives by following the remains of the deceased to the Murchison cemetery on Tuesday morning. The Rev. A. Chambers officiated at the grave and the funeral arrangements were in the hauds of Messrs E P. Harden & Co.-Rushworth Chronicle. PAYMENT OF ACCOUNTS.-It is re quested that all accounts due to this office be paid by the end of the present month. This is necessary in consequence of a dissolution of partnership of the firm now carrying on the M'Ivor limes news paper and printing business. MEDICAL,-It having been rumored that Dr Heard was about to leave Heath cote, Dr Heard informs us and wishes us to state that he has no intention of doing 150; DEATH.--On Monday Jast the death occurred in the hospital of Mrs Marion Collins, wife of Mi' John Collins of Red castle, and being the widow of the late Captain Stevens. prior to her marriage with Mr Collins. The cause of death was dropsy and an affection of the liver, Mrs Collins having been in the hospital about six weeks. Tile funeral took place on Tuesday, and wasattended by a number of friends, the remains being interred in the Heathcote Oemetery. The burial service was read by the Rev. Mr Jones, and the mortuary arrangements were carried out by Mr J. Crowle, DEATH AT iCnosB1E.-The death occurred on Friday night last at Crosbie, of Mr James Hansen, at the age of 68. The deceased, who had been ailing for sbme time, died at the residence of his brother, Mr Hans. Hanson. He was an unmarried man. He owned land some little distance from his brother's, but when he became.unwell he went to live at his brother's, and had been residing there some time. The funeral took place on Sunday, when a large number of people showed their respect to the deceased by follQwing the remains to the Heathcote CemEtery, there being about 20 buggies in the procession. The burial service was read by the Rev. Mr M'Donald. The fniihtalwas' conducted by Mr J. .M 'Donald, FouDD DEAD I1N THE Busa.-A man named Christian Poulston, about 60 years of age, who had resided at Parson's Gully and was engaged in wood cutting in the bush in that locality had been missing from his home for several days. On Monday. last his body was discovered by Thomas Carboon near a log, at which he had evidently been at work. He appeared to have died suddenly, it is presumed from the effects of the heat. Full particulars of the sadoccur rence will be found in the report of the inquiry in another part of this paper. LOST'i I THE ljUSi AAND ;. BuanY ACUIDENT.--Yesterday morning Mr Alfred Berry, who resides with his father and sister at the north end of the town, started off for the Mosquito dam with the object of catching leeches. He missed the way, and wandered into the bush, pulling up at Mr Itzerott's on the Wild Duck Creek. -He was twice seen by one of Mr Itzerott's sons in different paddocks, who. thinking lie had missed his way, went to him and found such to be the case. The day had been terribly hot, and he was glad to partake of the hospitality offered by Mr Itezerott. One of Mr Itzerott's sons at once rode int: Heathcote, it then being evening tc acquaint Mr Berry of the finding of hi: (c10 ntI oed to Br eierry, srzi had driven out, with two othersiri search of his son,.and had returned and was driving to a neighbor s to ascertain if anything had been heard of his son prior to going out again. In passing a bend of the M.Ivor Creek where the bank is very deep and where the creek comes close to the road, the horse shied of and made for the creek, As it appeared certain that the trap was about to be taken over the bank, the occupants jumped out, with the result that Mr Berry sustained a severe fall and received a severe shaking, and cut about the face, there being a severe cut about the eye. There were also indications of his having sustained a slight shock to the spine. He was taken home, and placed under the treatment of Dr Esler. THE WEATHER AND BUSHFIRES. For the past week the weather has been very h1.t and trying, to day being the seventh in succession of excessive heat. In many places outside the town water supply radius, water is becoming alarmingly scarce both for stock and domesctic use. Yesterday a resident about seven miles distant carted out a canasIii Irom a town stanapipe ThI- may be taken an a good proof of the scarcity of water in the outlying district. The permanency of creeks and dams are being fully tested, and creeks for which the Wild Duck may be taken as an instance are lower than they have. been since the di-covery ofl the M'Ivor Goldfields, while several of the creeks whwll hare afforded supplies through orditiuily sunuiers are now quite dry. Terrible accounts of the ravages of bushfires in Gippsland and other parts of the c'lony are given daily in the Melbourie papers, including instances of the destruction of both homestead and stock. During the past week or so, threi fires occurredlin this district, one at Mr IHollingswortls, Derrinal, caused by a spark from a passing rail way engine, and anither in what is known as O'Grady's paddock on the Langwornor estate. l'he fires were happily got under before they had spread to any great extent. The night before last Mr Sangster received word that a fire had started int his paddock at Maijor's Line near Mrs Hendy's, Mr Sangster and Mr -'ortuaelost no time in orgaoising a party and arriving on the sceno. With assistance of MLrs Hendy's emnployes and neighbors they fortunately grot the fire under. A change from the excessive heat is anxiously awaited. During its con tinuance the thermometer has ranged fromn 100 to 107 in the shade in the daytime, and for several days the atmosphere was thick with smoke from distant fires. CYCLE MEETIXN.-The local cycling club will hold its first race meeting on Wednesday afternoon next in the old Cricket Reserve. A large number of entri.s have been received for the one and two miles, the handicaps of which appear in this issue. The race will be decided by points, the first men in the two events will secure 5 points, the second 3, and the third 2, and the one securing the most points wins the first prize, which is L5, the second and third being L2 and L1. The races will be divided into four heats and a final for each event. The programme will commence punctually at 2 o'clock and the heats will be ran every 15 minutes. In addition to these races there will be a match for L5 be tween C. von der Luft and D. Chambers, which ought to be a very close race, and worth witnessing. A district scratch race will take place between tie local cracks, and a consolation race tor those unplaced in former events. - Ai booth uilder the management of Mr J. Daley will be held on the ground. A good grass track of six laps to the mile has been lhid down, and the various officials appointed. The small charge of 6d admission will be mad.e, and as the club are depending on the public for support, we trust that the attendance will be large, ani thereby encourage that excellent sport of cycling. BY an advertisement which appears elsewhere, Messrs Glover, Onians & Co. the well- known grain merchants an nounce that they have stationed a repre sentative at Hcathcote, and are pre pared to purchase for cash all classes of grain. Their representative will also visit Knowsley every Wednesday after noon. RECovEREs.-We are glad to report the recoveries from serious illnesses of hMr C. Young, junr., of Costerfield, and IMr T. Parkinson, son of Mr W. Parkin son, of Heatheote. Mr Young suffered for about two months from a very severe attack of congestion of the lungs and pleurisy. He underwent several opera tions, and at times his life was despaired of. During the latter four weeks of his illness he was a patient in the hospital Mr Parkinson was in the hospital for about three weeks, suffering from pleurisy and pneumonia, also being ill some little time before going into the Hospital. They wer, both pasieats of Dr Heard. 