PRESBYTERIAN PRODUCE FAIR AT WARRAGUL. The Presbyterians of Warragul are evidently a very determined body. Even phenomenal droughts fail to move them from their purpose, and scourging H fires are equally impotent to daunt their sturdy spirits when the interests p: of the church are concerned. Conse- H quently, in spite of the devastation 'C wrought about us by blighting sun and a devouring flame, the annual Produce le Fair has been held as usual and has ac resulted in a most encouraging success ft -another demonstration of the truth la contained in the saying, "Fortune ri favors the brave." b It was, of course, impossible to carry it out the undertaking on as extensive a of scale as in former years, when the tl paddocks were green with pasture and si no cruel fires consumed the ripened o' grain, but' a vigorous effort was made ft to do credit- to the church and a very it respectable display was the pleasing a result.. Dairy produce, for instance, P was very liberally represented, and there tl was quite as much farm produce " on si offer" as any reasonable man could ti eipect to find. Closely allied to the ti dairy produce, seeing that butter and eggs constitute the more important d ingredients of their constituent parts, o was the superabundance of cakes-plain a cakes, fruit cakes, pound cakes, sponge ta cakes, Madeira cakes, and lots of other a cakes. Even German cakes' were admitted. This was very magnanimous I in view of the strained relations exist- fi ing between England and Germany. a But then, of course, there is money in n German cakes as well as in any other c kind. And this was a Scotchman's v undertaking ! But never mind, the t assortment was quite a feature of the Fair and was alike a tribute to the 7l generosity and thoroughness of the pro motors. The Fancy Stall likewise 's made a very commendable show and must'have proved an important factor I in contributing to such a satisfactory t monetary result. f Special interest attached to an inno- v vation in the form of a Sunday School Scholars' Stall. It was a stall stocked a with all sorts of fancy articles-notably a dolls--made by some of the- elder girls I and in the proparation of which much I time and trouble had evidently been bestowed. For the past few I months the youthful workers have met weekly at the house of Mrs. Hunter I and under her superintendence-and in t her absence under the tuition of Mrs. I Anderson or Mrs. Livingstone-mann- i factured a very interesting variety of I goods which were readily disposed of at the Fair. The idea was quite an experiment, but in its operation it proved of intense interest to the juvenile helpers and was followed by an accept able financial benefit to the Church, We are informed that the children are quite sorry that the Fair is over be cause it puts an end to the weekly class. They evidently enjoyed them selves at the work and are anxious to renew operations " as early as conven ient." No doubt an outlet for their surplus energy will be found later on. In the meantime, some of the other churches in the town might make a note of this new departure. No undertaking of this character could be considered complete without the inevitable Flower and Lollie stalls, and in both of these directions the show was more than "up to the average," whilst at the Refreshment Stall, the physical requirements of the & company were abundantly supplied. r The stalls were, moreover, very prettily y draped and decorated, and the Public r, Hall, in which the Fair was held, was rendered bright and attractive by a free use of bunting and ever greens. The various stalls were in charge of the following ladies who were It most assiduous in attending to business s and pushing their wares: n Produce: Mrs Lillico and Mrs Aikman. 0 Cake: Mrs. Collier and Mrs. Marrabel. Fancy: Mrs. Anderson arid Mrs. Livingstone. Sunday Schodl: Mrs Hunter and Mrs Bothroyd, the Misses Bothroyd, L'f1ico s and others. d Flower: Miss Bolton and MiessHaneen. s Lollie : Miss Aikman and Miss Powell. If Refreshment: Mrs. M)eikle. s There was an exceptionally good attendance on Wednesday evening, d when the Fair was opened by Mr. G. J. Turner. M.L.A. The Rev. C. H. Hunter M.A., introduced the member e for Gippsland West in a few appropri Sate remarks. Mr. Turuer said he had much pleas ure in being present in fulfilment of a :r promise made some time ago although, s. so far as hris Parliamentary duties were concerned, he ought to be either with the Forest Commission on the Gram Splans or accompanying the Minister of aLands on his Gippsland tour. He s however, had put those engagemen:s aside in order-to attend that evening, and in declaring the Fair open con Sgratulated the promoters on the h splendid assortment of produce they Shadgot together, notwithstanding the r drought and bush-fires and the conse n quent scarcity of farm and dairy produce. ' (Applause): S Mr. McNeil moved a vote of thnikse Sto Mr. Turner in complimentary terms Sand the motion lhaving been carried by acclamation, Mr. Turner acknowledged the same and the business of the n evening began in earnest. "Good trade" was done by the stall keepers and at intervals during the. proceedings songs were sung by Mrs. Doyle, Mrs. Mern, Miss Rice, and Mr, Monger, to the evident enjoyment of. the .company. . Miss Bolton and Miss Rice kindly played tile accompani ments; 'The Fair was continued last evening and ended in a manner very satisfactory to the promotors. Bishep Goe blames the nagging women fir adiing husbands tp drink. The b omenrepl it is ,the, drnoln Jlsband hat drive the women to nagging; biut, there, each women believes she is exsotly the type spoken of by the inevitable Solomon:-She openeth her mouth with WIisdom, and in her tongue is the law of :;÷'Australian metropoliton paper carries its womaniah antipathy go one particnlar Cabinet Minister to schl a ridiculous extreme as not only to deny •him bare justice in its news columns, but to refuse all mention of his wife in its reports of social fiincions, The lady is ostentatiously ignored oer every oppor .tunity. SChlef Justice Way is engaged to be o married to the widow of the late Dr. if Blood, of Adelaide. In this instance the clergyman will give the bride a Way. 