GIPPSLAND FIRES. HOMELESS AND FOODLESS SETTLERS. PATHETIC STORIES OF RUIN. SOME TOUCHING INCIDENTS, DEEDS OF HEROISM. [From the Special Correspondents of the Melbourne Argus.] Thorpdale (Gippsland), Sunday. Now that the fire has burned itself out in this district people are beginning to under- stand the terrible nature of the devastation, and the awful hardship which the sufferers have to face. On every hand there is nothing but black ruin, grim and hope- less. A month ago there was no more prosperous and contented dairying district in Victoria; to-day there is nothing but want and misery. Excepting for the tall, gaunt tree stalks, charred from root to crown, the face of the country for miles around has been swept so clean that one would think a blade of grass had never grown on it. Of the homesteads only the chimneys remain, like tombstones in a cemetery. Here and there lie the frizzled-up bodies of once valuable stock—cows, pigs, and poultry—and now and then as you cancer through the sooty desola- tion you come across a large, evil-smelling cinder, from which the more sensitive turn away in loathing. It is all that remains of some once serviceable horse. At one home- stead may be seen all that is left of a horse and dray. The poor beast had been yoked up to assist in the family flight when the fire came, but all too late. As the heat surged onward it had jumped forward into the fence; to which it was secured, and there it was held fast till its life was roasted out, like a victim at the stake. So great was the heat that all that is left of the dray are the tires and the bolts which held it together. At another place a poor collie dog was left on the chain, having been forgotten by the family in their flight, and what was left of the faithful creature was barely sufficient to indicate its breed. The chain held it fast to the death. Pigs were found huddled close together, and in one spot the remains of five cows lay in a heap. Bandicoots and wallabys (sic) by the dozen strew the ground. Even for them the fire had been too quick. Large snakes were found "done like a dinner," to use the homely, expressive phrase of a resident, and here no sympathy need be wasted. Here and there, in the very midst of the wilderness, near where some homestead once stood, a few head of living cattle are seen seemingly little the worse for the ordeal through which they mysteriously passed. How did they escape ? No one seems to know. I saw a poor old horse with the saddle turned right under him— a sure indication of a prolonged effort to free himself. No wonder he had bucked and kicked. His tail was singed to the stump, his mane was but a memory, and along the side a tongue of flame had swept, and shaved him as with a razor. "We have to be careful in moving about," said my guide, as we stumbled along through this forest of death. At the moment I scarce understood the drift of his remark, but before many yards had been covered we were forced to rein up in the presence of a danger that was almost as ter- rible as the fire itself. A huge, blackened tree-stalk, that ran up into the very clouds, it seemed, swayed in the breeze; then, snap- ping near the base, with a report like the bursting of a mine, came down with a clap of thunder, bringing several of its fellows with it. Our horses shook with terror and wanted to be off. The grit of the men and women who work in these surroundings stirs the admiration. They want no pity. They seem like people inured to disaster, for nothing daunts them. When I visited Mr. A. Bryan's homestead—or the ruins of it—on Thursday, I found the plucky fellow ejecting a tent on the very site of his previous home, as if about to begin where he left off. This is the man who thanked God that one good milch cow was left him, but next moment a tree fell on it and broke its back be- fore his eyes. His brother, Mr. W. Bryan, was out seeing if any of his stock still lived; that he, too, might begin again; and in his absence I saw his wife, a young woman of 18, who had taken shelter with her mother. A month ago she was a bride, and her husband had just returned from Coolgardie, where, by hard work, he had saved sufficient to get married on. Their little home was com- fortably furnished and their farm nicely stocked, but all that they were able to carry off with them was the clothes they stood up in. Such pathetic incidents are met with by the score. On the road we saw an inverted table, in which all the belongings of one family were packed. Two half-naked children, almost blind from the effects of the smoke, sat in the midst of the chattels, and an aged horse drew the lot, sledge fashion, towards the township. In one house I visited there were two families. Part belonged to the house and the others were fugitives. They were neighbors, it seems, but for 10 years had not spoken to one another, owing- to some difference about a fence, which caused a law suit and brought a crop of troubles. When the disaster came and the Montagues were driven to the creek for shelter, with nothing left them but their lives, the Capulets found them out, and brought them home with them. In another house the enemies of a lifetime were forced together to fight for their lives. That their enmity is dead now can scarcely be doubted. There are over 50 homesteads lost, and as almost all the settlers had families, an average of four to each household is not too high. The tents sent up by the Government are being used, but without blankets and food the state of the poor people is too desperate for words. Mr. Foster, the Minister for Mines, who recently visited the devastated areas, has been supplied with the following list of sufferers, which, however, is by no means complete :— McIntyre—House, everything gone; pigs roamed. McDonald— Everything gone ; stock roasted. Wiseman (large young family)—Everything lost; one box saved. Howard (young family)—Everything gone. E. Love—All lost. John Lloyd—All lost. Mechanics' Institute—Lost Stranger—Only little bedding and furnature saved. Petch—Only little clothing saved. Hansford—Only clothing Bared. Arthur (large family)—Only clothing saved. A. Gunn—Everything gone. Murray—Little furniture saved. Crisp—Everthing gone ; orchard roasted. Bradley (large family)—Everything gone. Taylor—Everything gone Tilgner—Everything gone Albricht—Everything gone; child waiting for burial burned in house. Fuller—Everything gone; notes, £5, burned. Pratt—Cloths burned. Walthe—Everything gone. De Mulker—House saved; bedding and clothing put down well and burned there. W. Bryan—Everything gone. A. Bryan—Everything gone. D. Gunn (young children)—Everything gone, not even clothing for children; pigs and cattle roasted. G. N. Mayo (large family—Everything gone ; mob milch cows roasted in heap. Pakenham (large family)— Everything gone; milch cows roasted. Brocks—Everything gone ; milch cows roasted. L. King—Everything gone. Herbert—House saved; everything else gone. W. McNab—House saved; everything else gone, 150 tons hay gone. A. Brown— Everything gone. Sampson—House cared ; everything else gone. G. Hall—House gone. Narracan-park—Fences and grass burned. Waddell—Fences and grass burned. Panitt—Fences and grass burned. Tillitsons—Fences and grass burned, hay and shed. Beal—Bullocks roasted. Reynolds—Fences, grass, hay, and sheds gone. Roberts—Fences, grass, hay, and sheds gone. Wall—Saved house ; lost furniture and bedding. Wilkinson—Saved house ; lost everything else. Ratcliffe—House only saved. In addition to food and clothing tools are wanted to enable the man to rebuild their homes and to re-erect their fences. Perhaps the most urgent want is some provision for the foodless cattle. Neerim South, Friday. The destruction of Neerim North is com- plete. The whole township went simultane- ously, and so quickly that nothing was saved, consequently the residents possess nothing but what they stand in. A little daughter of Mr. Barr's was almost suffocated with smoke, and for some time it was feared she would succumb. Fortunately she recovered. The heat was terrific, and sheets of flame shot up two chains long, the color of an electric light, when the township was ablaze. All that is left of a pretty little township is a fowlhouse. Messrs. John Hopkins, sen. and jun., had all their grass and fences destroyed. Mr. Dowey, grass and fences; Messrs. Savin Bros., fences, grass, and crop; Mr. Laidlaw, grass and fences; Mr. C. Connell, five acres of crop, grass, and fencing ; Mr. A. Wilson, fences and grass ; Mr. E. English, 200 acres of grass, and all his fences ; Mr. J. English, grass and fenc- ing ; Messrs, Hogan Bros., 10 miles fencing, 800 acres grass, machinery- shed, with machi- nery valued at £200, also disc harrows, thrash- ing machine, and pigsty. They estimate their loss at £1,500, besides the inconvenience they will be put to in getting grass for their stock. It is marvellous how their homestead and Mr. E. English's were saved; the fire at times was within a yard of them. Mr. Batt, a sufferer from fire three weeks ago, then having his grass and fencing burnt, suffered again, now having his creamery and separator burnt. At Neerim East another fire was doing its destructive work. Mrs. Murphy, a widow, had her house, grass, and fences destroyed. Messrs. McKernan, Wilson. Atcheson, Sawyer, and others have grass and fences burnt. Mrs. Apted has considerable damage done to her place; and the fire is still burning there. An Indian hawker who was in the district got his bundle alight by a spark as he was walking along. Instantly it flamed up about his head. The Indian, scared, threw it down and ran for his life. The sight about Neerim North is a pitiful one. It is thought that 200 miles of fencing is destroyed, and the farmers do not know what to do with their cattle, as all their grass is burnt. From Jindivick, six miles from Neerim South, sad tales come. At the time of writing 12 families are rendered homeless, and the fire is still raging. On Wednesday many people thought the end of the world bad come. From 1 p-m. to 3.30 p.m. the smoke darkened the sky, and people in Neerim South had to light their lamps. For two weeks now we have I been enveloped in dense smoke, which is very trying to the eyes. Cunninghame, Wednesday. A bush fire that commenced at Maringa Creek, three miles west of Cunninghame, culminated to-day in the most disastrous outbreak with which this place has ever been visited. Aided by a strong south-west wind, the fire swept past Laughton's Hotel, which for a time was seriously threatened, on through the holdings of Messrs. Falk, Rowe, Main, Shepherd, and lnnes. Mr. Innes was away, and his house and furni- ture were entirely destroyed, Mrs. Innes abandoning the place and seeking refuge for her family at a neighbor's. From here it crossed the Swan Beach-road and devastated the selections of Messrs. Wilson, Hunter, Dobson, and McCulloch. Wilson most un- selfishly left his own place to help to save the homes of his neighbors, and suffered the most serious loss of stock, four of his cows and one horse being burnt, and two other horses being dreadfully injured by the flames. Leaving Jennings' Point a mass of flames, the fire was deflected northward from Cunninghame by the north arm of Lake King, and continued its destructive course eastward to within half a mile of Roadknight's (Meranebaur- house). The Tooloo arm of Lake Tyers then checked its eastward progress. Unfortunately when word was brought into Cunninghame that help was wanted at Jimmy's Point, most of the fishermen were outside the Entrance at work (fish being plentiful all day), and many of the townspeople were at the En- trance jetty, the Lady Loch having just anchored within the Entrance. When the news spread, however, a number went to render help, but could do little against the strong wind blowing. Cunninghame was never in danger, though the names extended to the edge of the north arm, which bounds the town on the north- west. The country towards Swan Reach for four miles presents a most desolate appearance and is dangerous to travel on, though the Bairnsdale mailman (James Foley) pluckily brought the mail through. Duncan McCole, who came from Orbost yesterday, states that the country between Orbost and Lake Tyers is on fire for miles, the fire extending to within six miles of Cunninghame. Rain is now falling, a heavy downpour, to all appearances, being imminent. Childers, Thursday For the past week there have been terrible fires raging all through this district for miles, great damage having been the result. Within three or four miles of Childers 12 or more people have been burnt out. In fact it is rarely that a house has been saved. The following is a list of the homeless ones :— Mr. Pakenham and family, Mrs. George Mayo and family, who were only able to save their lives by getting into creeks of running water, showers of coals being thrown all over them from the standing timber ; Mr. Brown and family, who saved nothing, Messrs. W. and A. Bryan were completely burnt out, Messrs. D. and A. Gunn just escaped with their lives, Mr. Crisp's house, with almost all it con- tained, was completely destroyed, as were his outbuildings, fruitrooms, haysheds, milking- sheds, separator- room, his implements, and all his grass ; Mr. Bradley also lost everything. The whole village settlement, with the excep- tion of one house, Mr. Hartman's, was com- pletely swept away. It is also feared that the entire settle- ment round and about Thorpdale South has been completely demolished. It cannot as yet be definitely stated to what extent the damage has gone. A great number of milch cows and bullocks must of a necessity have perished in the fire, and taking the district all through, there will be a very small acreage of grass left. Very painful experiences have been gone through in connection with the fire, come persons having to be carried away in an un- conscious condition, completely done up with fighting the flames. One young fellow, who stayed as long as it was at all safe, was at last forced to run for his life with a wet sack wrapped round him. He carried a loaded revolver with him, so that in the event of being hemmed in he could put a speedy end to his sufferings. There is a cool change at pre- sent, but if there is no rain shortly the home- steads which are still intact will also be swept away. Korumburra, Friday. Farmers have had a most anxious time of it. Around about Silkstone a great quantity of grass and nay has been burned. In the case of a number of village settlers they have lost a good deal of their crop and fencing. A gardener named Brownlie had everything consumed but his house, and in endeavor- ing to save it he suffered severely from the smoke, and is at present completely blind. Mr. H. Eccles, at Whitelaw, lost £25 worth of grass seed, a lot of grass, and miles of fencing. Mrs. Ness lost all her grass seed, crop, and fencing ; while the fencing round the Korumburra Reservoir is nearly all burned. At Fairbank Messrs. McNaughton, Curran, and Nicholson have, lost heavily, while a number of farmers at Strezlecki have lost nearly everything but their dwelling houses and cattle. At Arawatta Messrs. Lincoln, Brydon, Long, and Fidge have lost nearly everything, the first-named only having saved his house. At Kingwak Messrs. H. & W. Rainbow and C. Parsons have lost a great quantity of grass. At the monthly cattle market held to-day most of the stock forward were dairy cows owned by selectors who have lost their grass. The dairy- ing industry in this district will receive a tre- mendous blow on account of the scarcity of grass. Foster, Friday. The battle with the flames still continues with grim and painful persistency. The latest calamity is the total destruction of the dwelling- house of Mr. Louis Williamson, of Deep Creek, near Foster. The furniture was removed last evening in anticipation, and Mrs. Williamson and the children were sent to Foster, leaving the men to battle with the threatening fires around. All night and day the efforts continued, but without avail, and the buildings are now a mass of ruins. The orchard, the best in the district, has caught, and is in danger of total devastation. The fires above Toora are still burning fiercely. A big fire is burning along the Mirboo-road, approximately northwards, which must leave demolition in its trail. The bridge over Bennison Creek is mined, and several culverts have been rendered useless. The wind has lulled, and the residents look forward with eager expectancy for rain. Warragul, Friday. About 10 miles to the north-ease of Neerim lies the district of Noojee, in the parish of Tooronga, and one of the best knows and most respected residents of the locality is Mr. John Halvie, a well-to-do farmer who, until a couple of days ago, was the owner of a nice house well stocked with furniture, and a snug farm, partly cultivated, and partly used for grazing. A few weeks ago Mr. Halvie disap- peared mysteriously for a day or two, and when he returned he brought a bride with him. The house underwent considerable improve- ments, new furniture was placed in it, and all went merry as a marriage bell until this last calamitous week began. When the fires begun to make their appearance in the district Mr. Halvie became a little anxious, but he dismissed the fear that his homestead might be assailed, and went about his farming operations as usual. On Wednesday, after the midday meal. Mr. Halvie left his newly married wife alone in the house and went out across his paddocks to attend to some fencing which needed repairs. He saw smoke or fires to the northward, but believed the flames to be far away. Returning late in the afternoon he found his house in flames, and, though he called loudly for his wife he received no answer. The air speedily became so thick with smoke that it was impossible to see more than a few yards at a time, and the roaring of the fire drowned the sound of his voice. Terrified at the danger he searched, with feverish haste, for his wife, but for some time without success. At last he found her. The unfortunate Mrs. Halvie, when she found that the house, in which she was sitting alone, was in flames, rushed out through the smoke and the scorching heat, and continued her mad race for air until she sank exhausted in a large paddock planted with potatoes. A tree had fallen in the paddock, and, with the instinct of self-preservation, Mrs. Halvie crept to the lee side of it, so that the cascades of flying sparks from the burn- ing house and the surrounding timber might pass over her. Her clothing had caught fire before she fell, but she tore her burning skirts from her and sank, terrified, but still alive, under the friendly shelter of the fallen tree. While in that posi- tion she saw a number of her hens roasted alive quite near her, and in an extremity of terror she had to use all her energies to pre- serve herself from the same fate. She tore up some of the potato-plants growing within her reach, and with them she knocked off the sparks and fragments of burning bark that fell every moment upon her, in spite of her shelter. While Mr. Halvie was looking for his wife his own clothes caught fire, but he managed to beat out the flames, and at last he found his wife crouching, almost entirely unclothed, on the lee side of the log, and almost insane with the fear of a dread- ful death. He took her to the house of a neighbor, Mr. O'Donohue, where she now lies, quite prostrated and in a very serious condi- tion. Mr. Halvie has lost his house and all his household and personal effects in the fire. At Neerim East the fire has made almost a clean sweep, damaging the crops and holdings of Messrs. Young, Murphy, Downey, Purcell, R. G. Stephens, and J. Holt. Although the houses of the settlers in each case have been saved, the experience of Mr. Holt was truly strange. All day on Wed- nesday the fire roared and surged through the forest behind the house, growing nearer with every fresh gust of the strong north wind. The air was full of sparks and burning pieces of timber, and Mr. and Mrs. Holt plied their bags soaked in water and their mops and clothes with frenzied energy to prevent the house from catching. Pre- sently the smoke became so dense that the suffocation of the entire family became imminent; but Mrs. Holt's ingenuity was spurred to fresh inventiveness by the press- ing danger, and she devised a plan by which she saved the lives of all her six children. The poor woman was herself in no fit state for such a fearful ordeal, having given birth to a baby as recently as last Christmas, but she carried out a plan which was as ingenious as it was happily successful. She made the younger children lie down on the ground and covered them over with sacks, which were kept constantly satu- rated with water, so that they could breathe without inhaling the pungent suffocating smoke. Then the husband dug a small hole in the ground, and in it they placed the baby, covering it over with sacks. The eldest boy was deputed to see that the sacks were kept well watered, and in this strange cradle the sturdy infant of this courageous couple went peacefully to sleep, lulled by the roaring of the confiagration and the thunder of the falling trees. It will be a matter of general satisfac- tion to know that Mr. and Mrs. Holt suc- ceeded in saving their home, and that the baby is none the worse for its fiery ordeal. Thorpdale, Friday. There is no end to the deeds of self- sacri- ficing heroism which the last few days have seen. Men got separated from their homes in going to help their neighbors, and did not see their families again for days. The Church of England clergyman, Mr. Cox, a typical bush parson, had to be led in ex- hausted from many a gallant struggle, and is now almost blind. Mr. J. Gynn had 40 people gathered under his roof at one time, all fighting for their lives. Mrs. Smith, an old lady of 70, had to be carried out of her burning house on a stretcher by her children, and the little relief party were nearly destroyed in making their way to the creek —their only refuge. An old soldier named Waddell for over a day rallied his family time after time to beat back the fire, their efforts being ultimately crowned with success. The story of the Jordan family is also foil of pathos. They fought for their homes and their lives till they were exhausted, and then the little children were put in the water, and covered over with a wet blanket while the flames raged over them. The father and mother bad a narrow escape from an awful death. Charley Fuller, quite a youth, dis- tinguished himself by great heroism. Having lose all be had he galloped about through the flames, daring everything to assist his neigh- bors. How he escaped being roasted alive, horse and all, is a mystery. Whenever the fate of anyone was in doubt be penetrated to the rescue. When I saw Alfred Carver, the driver of the train from Moe to Thorpdale to-day, he said that he had been in many places in the service, and had had not a few adventures, but his drive to Thorpdale through the flames on Wednesday was the most terrible experience he had ever passed through. "Get up here," he said, "and you will be better able to judge of what this country has passed through in the past day or two." We were at Narracan at the time, and round about us were hills and valleys, which presented a scene of awful desolation. We were in the heart of a forest of gaunt black skeletons, while down near the creek squatted two families, comprised , mainly of little children, hungry, perhaps, and partly naked. They were the refugees of the day before, driven from their homes before the flames, and they now stood bereft of all earthly belongings, with neighbors doing what little they could for them. " But it is nothing to what you will see," continued the engine driver. "Round about Thorpdale there is nothing but black rain. On Wednesday, when we reached this place, it was as dark as sight. The sun was overhead. Immediately in front of us the flames were tearing like a tornado across the line, jumping and leaping from tree to tree. The railway fence vanished in a whiff, and then I began to feel hopeless of getting through. There seemed to be no pass- ing through that mass of flame. Ganger Williams came in on his railway cycle to say that the bridge ahead was on fire, and then we knew how desperate was the position. The passengers had left the train, and we, too, might have felt like standing where we were. But that we could not do. You see the guard's family and my family were on the other side, of the danger, and whatever the risk we resolved to go on. We took it for granted that the bridges, though still burning, would hold out. To make, sure we can the water truck out first and extinguished the fire on the first bridge, and that saved it. Ganger Williams, when I he had bad a breath, stoutly said he would go ahead on his tricycle, and though we tried to dissuade him he replied that he knew his duty, and would do it. When he disappeared into the smoke I thought he was lost, but in a few minutes I threw open the valve, and off we went. It was our only chance—full steam ahead. In an instant we were in it. The fire was all round us. The smoke clouded as, and as the flames roared up round us we thought the last day had come. Were we to be roasted alive? It looked like it. The engine seemed to jump forward, and quiver and shake from the vibration. There was a loud crash a tree fell towards us, and I thought that all was over. My mate, James Davis, and I huddled close up to the furnace doors, for even that spot was cool by com- parison. Long tongues of flames were now shooting up under the boiler and round the wheels, and once or twice our clothes took light, but we had water at hand and used it well. By-and-bye daylight showed ahead, and in a few minutes we were in Thorpdale safe." 