BREVITIES. Change. L.ovely rain. Nature smiling again. Water tanks laughing uproariously. Underground-tanks replenished again. Rain, soaking while it lasted : not violent. Cooled- the air and revived creation.. Did nothing for the water holes though.. Burglars on the job in Melbourne and suburbs for some time past.. Crime on. the increase. Stoddart's team at Sydney having an auxiou». time of ifc.. First inftings. of N.S. Wules a capital one. Second innings better. Golden Bar Stone for first crushing being rapidly laid: at grass.. Gold everywhere visible to the naked; ey.e. Great preparations at Ballarat to welcome the Federal s Conveution delegates at the end of the week,,. Since the ri?«r, difficulty was settled the Convention seems to be making better progress.. Finance now on. federal capita),. again dialurbing the Convention Sydney, Hobart, St. Kilda,. and Mount Gambier proposed in turn. Convention falling into. .a. humourous vein. Tjie. question of choice for the. Federal centre left as., it should be to .the Federal Parliament.. Federation would be strajngled ruthlessly if the choice was now.made, a»d hat choice fell on Sydney, or Melbourne, particularly Melbourne. Shares in the Barambogie water supply tyndicate looking up. Enthusiastic meeting at the Town Hall last- nighk-responsible for the boom. One shareholder retires from the syndicate disgusted.. Rçproved by the chairman. The high-way robbers captured at Wandong by the driver and fireman of a North Eastern train got off .with one month's imprisonment. Soft hearted J.P.s 1 Wangaratta decimated with Typhoid. .Twenty-five, cases in the hospital at the close of last week, showing an increase of 12 in a single week. Terrible murder at Adelaide. Maniac shot his. wife and two ch ildern dead ; then shot himself. Financial affairs,, drove, him., mad. Hadn't sufficient fortitude to encounter- loss. What a poor land-boomer ho would have made had be lived in Melbourne 10 years ago 1 : Mechanics Inatitue in Blackwarry—wherever • it is—burned to the ground during the recent bush-fires. This reminds us that our museum should be semoxed to the vaults of the Star Theatre until all danger to Chiltern by fire is removed. The Secretary ajid President might, take turn about to guard th« treasuirs in tho cocl.eellars. If they refuse, . plenty of volunteers will be found sufficiently patriotic to volunteer for active service. Austria determined to have "a cut in," over the Cretan difficulty. Strenuously opposing the concerted actios of England, France, and: Russia.-, to place King .George of Greece in the Governorship of the disturbed island. More trouble, brewing. William has not yet spoken. Great -war of tariffs between Germany and the United States. Latest German action, to quarantine - all' horses coming from America. General movement in Germany to exclude all American products. Act ot retaliation surely. What national holocausts are offered on thy altar, Protection !.. Mrs Yates, ex-lady mayor of Onehunga up before tite local court for non-payment of rates,.. Sued by the Borough Council, over whose august deliberations she lately pre' sided with a rod of irou. This is a mean method of reprisal. She should have got the " freedom" of the. village, and an. exemption of rates for. all time« Chivalry- it dying out. Lancefield rending their water-trwt fel-. lows piecemeal. Great famine in the towns Creek from which the supply is drawn trickles forth only on occasional days, and yet thay^ blame the local, trust: If the discontented Lancefield ratepayers lived in Obiltern they would tar and feather the Council. Heavy consignment of specie,. £,82,000, shipped by , the Oroya on Saturday. About £10,000 to, Calcutta banks, rest to. London. Bush for berths ou the Cape Ot-wáy, the first boat laid on by the A.U.S.N. Company for Klondyke. Here is a chance for the crowd who cannot succeed iu getting the privilege of wearing black ; coats and driving quill pens/' if they have enough grit in them to face hardships or even hard labour. Bev. Hussey Burgh Macartney has been appointed Home Secretary of the British and Foreign Bible Society, London.. For 30 years incumbent of St. Mary's, Caulfield.. Mr M&cartngy..leaves; next month. All surplus labour in the colony can now be swallowed up in Gippsland for .the next 12 months. Burnt out farmers and settlers unable to get men : It's an ill wind that blows nobody good—even a bush-fire.wind ! Little lad aged 7 gored to death at Benalla by a bull. Bulls on the job lately. Another case of a man gored a day or two ago. Hydrophobia, of a bovine kind, caused evidently by the neglect of Shire Councillors no,-supply water good enough for a beast to drink 1 