MINING. From Charters Towers: Brilliant BlockB an doing an immense amount of developmentin their mine. Stone at present not first class, bnt ] an improvement likely soon to take place; scrip ] worth holding on the prospects. Queen Cross Reef eastern levels looking better, j and some good stone struck in the west drive, i Scrip inclined to weaken, but fair holding. Vesuvius still engaged driving on the forms, tion, and scrippers anxiously looking forsome I lucky change in the mine. Victoria and Caledonia Block prospecting; tributers had a fair yield. Scrip still hang j heavily. Company putting through parcel of1 stone. Mills United paid big divs. in the past, hit j tumbled upon poor stone ; hard at it prospecting and doing dead work. North Queens pushing down their shaft; 1 soon to get something fair. Bonnie Dundee scrip had a email rise, bnt bad again. Mine got a big formation in the drive j 1575ft. level, but so far stone only fairly good, Queen Central low-priced scrip still worth watching, as indications show for a slight improve. Day Dawn Block and Wyndham paid £87,500 in dive, for 1897. Big number of shares in the company but market firm, as prospects f ahead. Victory keep on their regular crushiugs with good results. No. 4 shaft being pushed down; this will take time, but expected to be paid for from proceeds of mine, also a dividend disbu " J now and again. Good scrip to hold. Brilliants gave out a first-class yield for the past year, and likely to keep at it. This comply have a good reserve fund. . Cravens, Caledonian, another low-price Charter! Tower3 scrip worth a shot at, as things «« improving at tht> mine; though the lode « narrow, it pans out a fair average gold yield, r 3 permits divs. to be paid. Miilicans, Caledonia, BtiU in hopes of bet times, though nothing extra startling 6 honing j up yet. Good Hopes have struck a email reef of iw J ^ l ^ Z ^ u a e y a r e putting into s hanging _ wtura8 excellent, tons BO average of oyer C |efSn priced scrip worth snapp.ng fe'S^iS ofgattin? the Brilliant If ScR in this raine worth sticks to. iBrilliant Deep Levels in their No. 2 east drive I S have got a solid reef improving in quality, f?Sowing nice mineral stone near the footwall. P Ki!be mine certainly showing up better^ ashing* likely to be regular and average yields r Scrip worth standing by. iVictoria have paid nearly a quarter of million dividends, and appear likely to keep at it. •i" on the whole looking well. List cmsb from 200 tons stone, fclarke's Brilliant and Worcester are engaged fderetapiog work and in putting down ebaft to l,ke 'he reef being profitably worked by the | Ci ;,rT Company. Good prospects ahead. wz-lity United put through 150 tons for l?Ooz. Bit'. iBrilliant Centrals struck a fairly rich vein in le underlie, and engaged driving w the deeper * els with prospects of an improvement. Jrhe Victoria and Queen have thumped out ifioz f rom 225 tons. Paid Is. dividend, with omi'sea of more to follow, as the stone is cidedly on the improve. j&y; Dawn Freehold Consolidated have their laft down 255 feet. iMoonstone Extended Block bad a fair crush, Id stone looking better. (Papuans Brilliant and Victoria paid another 1 • Jaet crash went nearly 2oz. to the ton, but e reef in the sink is smaller, and the lower §vel is looking poorer; though the stopes are Ling the usual quantity of stone, the qualifey, fallen off. Scrip weaker. § Band of Hopes crushed about 380 tons for a ield of 360oz of gold. Mine putting out over 300 Ins per fortnight, and should p*y monthly divi- dends. Scrip strongly held. Company head the dividend list for 1898. Day Dawns P.O. put out 1314oz from 780 tons. Scrip low in the market. Brilliant and St. Georges looking «vell; plenty of payable stone in sight and dividends for the year likely to be good. This stock as a mining investment not to be passed. Brilliant Exfcendeds, though putting out rather low average stone, did not do so badly last year and likely to go ahead; heavy debt paid off and cash mounting up at bankers. Brilliant Freeholds slightly on the improve, but scrip low. Some good strike required to liven up matters. East Mexicans digging out large quantity of stone, but quality nor up to the mark, only about half-ounce stone at present. Charters Towera Pyrites C j/npany pushing on with new works; expect to complete them by March, * Good holding scrip. Day Dawn Church Land have put down their shaft 840ffc. Going for the main reef. New QueenB looking up again ; scrip had a smart rise, and likely to go still higher shortly. Developments in the Queen Cross workings, and in the No. 4 formation of a most encouraging nature. December the record dividend month for Charters Towers; £72,525disbursed. This sum has never been nearly approached before, Over 60 cyanide plants at work, which are expected to add largely to the profits during the current year. Southern and Prentice United, Rufcherglen, proceeding slowly but surely ahead; going to open out at 425ft. Hope to have machinery erected within six months or so. Victoria TJniteds, BaUarat, getting down with their shaft., and prospects exceedingly good. Scrip held fairly firm and worth sticking to. North Prentice Extended is in an excellent position, has an area of about 1000acres, has got its new abaft well down, and is altogether a mine whose operations are worth closely watching. Rsefera Eureka. The lode is narrower, but richer. Last assay went 24oz. per ton, and the t(ef'in the new crosscut has a similar appearance. Scrip s v ould be held still. Broken Hill Proprietary Lave started two more of the furnaces at Port Piria, making a total of six now in full blast, and two more la<-ge and three small soon to be blown in. The output capacity of the Broken Hill Projs, will be large in the extreme when all the smelters are at work, Mount Owen Lyell Copper and Silver Company has an area of 240 acres, and the capital consists of 600 shares of £10 each, fully paid up. Tho surface Bhow, so t»r opened up, looks fi-st rate. Three big iron and gossan lodes traverse the property from north-west to south-east, assays from which went as high as 15 per cent copper, with traces of gold and silver. Copper pyrites have recently been discovered by trenching, and a tunnel is now being put in in order to strike the ore body at a lower level. The facilities for working the mine by tunnelling are excellent, Tasmanians think well of the prospects of the company, and the prospects warrant the work of development which is being undertaken. There are chances of this mine being sold on; the London market. Beehive Goldmining Company, Bulumwaal, have plenty of stone to crush and plant ready for the work, but no water. The 1133 ton 3 put through yielded l611oz. gold, so scrip-holders need not fear tbe result of future pannings out. Three divs. of 9d. per share have been paid, and no doubt divs. will be continued aB soon as the rain falls and fills the dams. Progressive work is being carried on and every provision has been made to store the water as soon as the next downfall takes place. New South Standards, Mt- Selma, made call to enable a tunnel to be put in at lower level. Mine worth the trial, aB good stone has been met and may Ulty again be ho come com6 across, even inougn though las* last cruBhings were disappointing. Half the shares in the company are paid-ups; this is the objectionable feature; call-payers do not believe in carrying paid-up scrip- holders on their backs. Great Boulder Company, Kalgoorlie, have had another of their fine crushings, 1340 tons yielding 3230oz. gold. This mine will put out many a ton of gold in the fature, and prove how little many of the visitingexpertsfrom Eastern Australia know about the lode formations of the great Western fields. Great Southern and Chiltern Valley are still pushing on their upper and lower levels by rock drills, both being in nearly 400ft. Country hard ; hope toon to get into sotter, tap the water and id in draining their mine and tbe district, Loch Fyne East, Matlock, prospecting with one hift pending decision in reference to the lower tunnel. Getting fair loam gold, and cut promising leader carrying rough gold. The Government battery is being delivered, Brown Hill Extended down with their shaft 340ft.; going to push ca to 400ft. or thereabouts before opening out j good business, which ought to tell a satisfactory tale. Kanowna is Btill turning out some rich golden stuff. The Donegal alluvial claim lately sent up four buckets of wash to the surface thick with fine gold estimated to yield nearly 300oz, and large returns are being obtained from mines nigh at hand on the lead. This is not in distant Klondyke, but in easily reached West Australia, Christmas Gold Company, Bulumwaal, had the fi ne yield 0f 247oz. smelted gold from tbeir trial crushing of 92 tons, showing an average of 2oz. 13dwt. per ton. Tunnel at the bottom to be driven another 100ft., winze to be sunk on first shoot of stone and an intermediate tunnel to be put in at the north end of lease, which will be 330Et. in lentrth. along the course of the lode. Director!- hope Boon to erect a crushing plant. This mine has fair and encouraging prospects, Mount Owen Lyell Extended mine adjoins the Mount Owen Lyell, and is nigh to the town of Gormansto wn. The property consists of 155 acres and tbe surface Bhows are good, especially a big gossan lode about 50ft. wide, which has much the same appearance aB the outcrop in the parent mine. The capital of the company is £12,500 in 50,000 shares of os. each, of which 20,000 are fully j d. up and 30, OO0 paid-up to IB. 3d. each, ^ . Lake View Souths have had a poor average crush from 1500 tons put through, the total output being only 330oz. gold; this was only what was expected from the upper levels. Tailings assay loz. 15dwt. per ton. Lode at 300ft. level assays 3£oz. per ton, so far only 1 toot thick. Every indication that a good substantial reef will soon be struck in the Souths. Briseis Tin, Derby, Tasmania, appear to be following the sime slow-coach process. Reports come to hand with miserable similarity—"Sluicing confined to one face; supply of water limited; stripping upper poor drift." When will a good supply of -water be obtained P Shareholders who have stuck to the mine for over ten years wearily a*k, when ? Like Gsorge Mines, N.S W., output for December : Copper, 1M tots; silver, '2H,'.)T.i • v.. ; gold, 702 07.. The value of the contents per ton keep up a fair average, but scrippers a:e begining to bustle round and wonder when some more definite idea of the valus of their highly-praised mine will be forthcoming. Hannan'a Reward, W.A., did noi; have the return that was expected; crush thoroughly a knocker out; going deeper to s?ek for better stuff. Hope it may be forihcoming. Central Mount Lyell time of option for purchase of property expired ; nothing definite done. Directors about to consider future operations. Time, too; some mines may go ahead too fast, but Centrals can never be charged with that fault. Melbourne scrip holders thinking of calling a meeting in order to protect their intt- rest and push on matters. Melbourne Umted6, Bulong, ready to crush, but not sufficient water ; delay almost exasperating. The White Horse, adjoining claim, had a fine first thump, and the TJniteds ought also to have a good clean-np. The Mining Editor acknowledges receipt of the "Mining Directory for 1898," giving a list of mines registered in Victoria and sundry other mining companiep, also a directory of legal managers and stockbrokers. The compilation is a mopt useful one and should recommend itself to all mining investors. Cardigau Props fighting against the water; pumps qomg full ?p9ed and tanks also at it endeavouring to keep down the flow from the bores. Late reports 6tate water easier. Joknson's Reef, llendigo, had an output of 202JZ. gold. Broken time with the batteries, principally owing to dry weather, which has run the water supply short; this likely to bo a difficulty fur a time, but if scrip come back worth picking up. Goldtn Horseshoe?, Kalgoorlie. Shares keep firm, and likely to go higher. Mine being well developed and only good plant required to put out some big crushiogs of the golden metal. Girilambones Copper, N.S.W., engaged for past fortnight in carrying out a large amount of progressive work, also pushing on erection of new machinery. Furnaces again at wort. Mine looking well, especially in the level put in at 140 feet from the south shaft. If scrip come back a little, worth pocketing a few. Londonderrys, W.A., are coming upon exceedingly rich pockets of gold, though the finds are being kept as private as possible by the management. There are hopes of the disappointing mine turning up trumps yet. Uritannia Uniteds show an improvement in the lower levels, and hope ere long to come on the dividend list, but a rather costly mine to work. New St. Mungos, Bendigo, keeping at it in most persevering style; in!o spurry country in the 2262ft. crosscut. This mine a long time coming, but certainly hae fair prospects, Elliott's Investor's Guide to hand, giving market reports, notes on the investments of the day, maps of the Mount Lyell, Mount lisid, Hercules, and Rocky River mining districts. An up-^o-date and useful production. Prince of Wales and Bonshaw, Ballarat, show great improvement in the lower level going north. Stone 3fc. wide, carrying good gold and highly mineralised. It is time cheering nev, ,.aaT fc from some of the Sebastopol mines. Three Murchison (WA.) crushings; land Consols, 254 tons for 1268oz.; Goicoi iR, ^ tons for 850oz.j Bellevue, 405 tone fo; -(;"'/ Mining matters are by no means played out at H' Murchison; in fact, this year will sse thn on the up grade. We have received a plan of the Motiv, mines, Tasmania, issued by J. B Wt-ro Son. This is an extension of the former giving all available information up to da r- e ' The Broken Hill Propiietary Compare }la issued their reports and statement of a'-couw! for the half-year ended 30th November, j^-- 6 'J h i schedules, repoifc, statements and a 'ccuii t appear in their usual clear and fuj] 1 hough the financial pontion has been i.ffe"^ by the fall in the price of silver, and tl e st,,(1J)" ^ of operations owing to the fira at the mine ^ 1 the increase in the price of lead has bpf-n what of a compensation on the other eicc " r pf net profits fcr the half-year amounted to i u j j.- J" but the directors, considering the reserve fund'' "' laige amount of liquid assets »nd the strong j,^? tion of the company, paid th-> mml t,,„ jjj*" dend, totalling up £144 000. A very large s-im h " or the new smelting plant at Port f 'be now concentrating plant, and -ire. 4 M written off for depredation ,in ferly *.••«- and slock is estimated at £a31,dJb E . u dividend of is. 6d. per share, , - iir.-A 1 f Voooo is payable on and alter iunt-in " rr The report of the general Stewart, is most exhaustive and r r ";„' ,, nly by tutnuiing up the total any estimate of the bigneae of the • Company can b8 obtained. The naid in m dividends amounts to .,"and the nominal VBlue of sbfties ze- Blocks H, 30 and the Lritwh com- ; ' no £1,744,000, giving a grand total ,(j paid and allotted to shareholders in Harrier Ranges silver-lead company. r e" repnrt states No 2 tunnel , c-mrso of No 1 lode in 425ft Lode ' i showing yellow copper freelj, and !)U1,h improved, being thoroughly V,, y winze sunk a further 2ft,, I' , ,., copper ore right through. Shares '''rm .11'be market,notwitbestandingthe "nianv 'directions, and well worthy of Dundas, have an improvement in •.i-'X^'e. especia'Jy in the 400ft. level, r '"it. milling ore in the lode. A •' of prospecting work being carried h - (r .in the Dora Reward mine,Tasmania, h •V'".- re to be of excellent quality. The gold ,.•iiljJr average a high percentage per ton. : _ j.-^ate Smeaton, put out an increased III ani ^pect to go still better. Scrip firming i^rrv'Tnit'^ boring operations proceeding 7 bore iB 3f R f -.-ri'v t " 7in> dee P er m ft rock than the Mo. 0. Operations of this worth watching, irownin* I.uck's first crushing rather disap- Intin<\- but must not be taken as a proof ot at the mine may possibly do further on. ( Jaint , reek. Dunolly, have their shaft down 1 iniifr. Prospects fairly good and scrip |p firm m the market, lavi^ti^ Kalgoorlie, are engaged in sinking j wir-^ at the 75ft. level in the No. 2 shaft, [promising indications so far, but hopes yet of iethiQf "God turning up. The old mining n and "xpaits connected with this mine tearing fir hair at present state of affairs. Lrarat expects great things from the Canton £nel, and deserves it. ' A quartz leader has fc struck carrying gold, and something payis expected to be reached in the next hundred t or so. , Far- len; Cassilis: erection of dry crusher tly completed. liaef looks well in Endeavour |l. Dead work dona; men now engaged in J. Sto&c; shows to pan out 2oz. to the ton., lenz district said ti be down in the dumps, (not U> be despised. Scarted well for the New |r with a shilling dividend on Lady Shentons, fa sixpenny on Queensland Menzies. Several Ar mines looking up. Railway communication ihl liven up matters considerably. ?be sixth central meeting of the Rocky River hpany, Tasmania, is to be held this day, itrsday, the 27th January, at Menzies' Hotel; fc, t p.m. Meeting important, especially as it [to deal with the manner in which trust shares jto bo disposed of. pes of U waha mine at Mount Leonora, W.A., k crushed 4787 tons for 6880oz. gold. The [thump from their own 10 head battery went f loz. filwt. per ton for nearly 1000 tons put pugh. District looking up. lasL-ilis district looking up, several mines feloping well, especially the Cassllis, "which iesseE a r.jef 4ft. thick going from 4 to 5oz. ston. Company erecting battery, and coming ehlorinisation works, ocky Kivc-r district, Tasmania, pegged out niles, and sections far away from the parent i already under offer to London syndicates, few Garibaldis, Matlock, are gatting on with ^r progressive workings; in the upper "level' i Is inches thick shoeing good gold. Tunnel ion northerly on lode 12ft- Erection of Icry proceeding with rapidity. Good low-pricad B) to iinnex a few. DOth'i l. : nited, (Joolac, N.S.W., pushing on with erection of plant. Foundation for the first 20- heBl battery nearly completed. Storage dam well under-. way. and preparation for fixing boiler in progress. Thia mine has good prospects when machi'rifery in full swing. Beehive and German Consolidated mine, Maldon,- pressing on well with their progressive work, and though a good deal of shaft-sinking and clearing out may have to be proceeded with, yetrthe position and prospects of the mine are excellent: The mining works are being carried out m a moBt economical and thorough manner. Scrip-holders must not expect too speedy a rise in their interest, but may feel well assured that there will be a good jump in price as the developments proceed. The mice has a big area of 60, acres, is in. an excellent position, adjoining the South German Company on the north, and presents no better opportunity for mining investment or speculation, Scrip have maintained their price well on the market, notwithstanding the run upon far away fields, and PUNCH can stilL recommend the picking up of a few sbareF, as •worth holding for future developments. PUNCH has received from Messrs. Tewsley and Johnson, the well-known stockjaud sharebrokers, of Collins street, Melbourne, their " Review of Mining" for the year 1897. The little work is well turned out, and glances at a selection cf the best mining properties in Australasia. As a band-book of reference, the ''Review" should prove invaluable to investors. Lake George Norths, N.S.W., pushing on progressive works, but country hard, and scripholders, who expected great things right off, parting with their interests, so no animation in the market. Total production of the convertor plant of the Mount Lyell Company (Tasmania) to date of blister copper, 4914 tons. Decrease for past four weeks owing to drought and bush-fires, which would appear to have taken possession, for the time' 1 being, of the whole of Australia Felix and its adjacent colonies. This in only a temporary loss, which can soon be made up. ' New Chum Railway, Bendigo, have crushed 628 tont> for 1093oz. gold, and all the stopes are looking Al with the exception of the first, This mine is likely to speak oat well for some time to come. . North Long Tunnel's reef in the north level small, but carrying gold. In the south level reef 2ft. thick, also carrying gold and heavily mineralised. Scrip must be carefully watched. A jump may soon take place. Tindals, Coolgardie, have a fair prospect of getting into better country. The reef in the crosscut being put in is about 2ft. thick, and shows gold. A low-priced stock worth standing by. Victoria Mount Morgans are going to run their battery continuously. No one wishes them better luck than PUNCH; they deserve it for their pluck and perseverance, but we still doubt the results of the pan-out. South Germans, Maldon, proceeding in their usual Btyle with progressive and necessary work. The result from ripples and boxes for the fortnight, 1128oz. amalgam. "Wady Yalloak, Pitfield, had an output of llOoz. gold, and the mine is opening up ex cellently. Railway Prince of Wales, Bendigo, have firstclass indications, and though scrip take some time to come on the market, no low-priced Bendigo stock is worth better watching. 