The Year 1897. SUMMARY OF LOCAL EVENTS. JANUARY. 1\. Primitive Methodist Fete at Ludden 2\. Death of the infant son of Mr. James Bennett of St. Marys. 5\. First anniversary J-ioyai vvaugrovo Lodge No. 192, Manchester Unity Odd fellows at Rooty Hill. Marine Engineers strike settled. G. Iuqnost 011 the firo at corner of High and Woodriff streets, PenritU—open verdict »etumed. 7\. Adjourned yearly meeting of tue Mechanics Institute, St. Marye, in tbe Institute building, to olect officers. • 9. Accident to Mr Melville, station-master at Springwood. Rifle match at Mulgoa Riflo Rango between Mulgoa Reservo Rifle Club aud tbe Penrith Infantry Rifle Olub— Mulgoa won by 12 points. 10\. Special services at St. Stephen's Ohnreb, Penrith, in connection with tho 16th anniversary of tho incumbency of the Rev G Brown. Terrific wiud storm at Rooty Hill. Anuual distribution of Sabbath Sohool prizes in the'Presbytorian Church, Penrith. 11\. Farewell social evening to Mr Jack Barlow, prior to his departure for Westralia. 13\. Mr Percy Walker, of Emu Plains, met with an accident whilst cutting chaff by steam power. Penrith Civilian Rifle Club shot for prizes on* tho Emu Rifle Range. 1-1. Commencement of railway'"deviation near Blnckheath. Juvenile pionio on tho Nopean River. 1G, Cricket match on the Park at St. Marys, botwecu teams representing Enoch Taylor and Co.'s C.C. and the St. Marys Unions. Banquet to Mr P Roberts, Per manent Way Inspector, at Tattersall's Hotel, Ponrith. 17\. Mr.. Steed, tho converted gambler, commenced a Mission in the Wesleyan Church at St. Marys. IS. Mr. Stafford, Station Master, Rich mond, loft for tho golden west. Death of Sidney Thomas Baker, son of James and Hin-riet Baker of Penrith. 19\. Annual meeting of Committee aud Suli cribcrs of the Nopean Cottage Hospital. Accident to Miss Beckett, • daughter of Mr. II. Beckett, of Penrith. Accidcnt to Mr. A. V. Keid, Penrith. 30\. Body of Burgess found by the Police in tho Blaclc Range, near Parlces—supposed to be one of Butler's victims. Nepean Cottage Hospital concert given in the corridor. 21\. Mr. Steed gave his life's story, in the Wosleyan Church, at St. Marys, 22\. Firo in Emu Comelery. 23\. St. Marys Agricultural and Horticul tural Show. 2-1. Mr. Leslie Dawson Thomas, a native of the District, and a student of Moore College for tho Ministry, conducted services at St. Mary Magdalene Church of England, aud also at Rooty Hill. Fire at Mulgoa, which lasted three days, supposed to have originated from picnic fires. 25\. Accident to Mr. John Fife, resident of Cambridge Park, Kingswood. 2G. Anniversary Day. Writ issued for the election of representatives to the Federal Convention. Sports, tea meeting aud concert at Rossmore. Picnic raoes on Behnoro Park. 27\. Fire at the Commercial Hotel, Pen rith.. Death of Mrs W Fleming at St. Mary a. "8. Mr W J Rowe, of the Nepean Boat Sheds passed two examinations before the Mariuo Board of N.S.W.—one as third-class engineer, aud tho other as master of harbor, or river steamor. 29\. Presentution to Mr J G Tedder, choirmaster of the Church of England, prior to his leaving for North Sydney. 30\. Very hot weather. Accident to Mr 0 J Fowler, of Ponrith, at Messrs W and E Fulton's new building. FEBRUARY. 1\. Accident to Mr Christopher Busch, of Llandilo. First anuual meeting of tho Pon rith Civilian Rifle Club. 2\. Municipal nomination day throughout the District. Excessive heat experienced throughout the calouy. 8\. Arrival of the Swanhilda at San Fr:mci?co—Butler arrested. G, The Primato consecrated the Church of England portion of the cemetery at Spring wood. Municipal polling day, St. Marys and C tstlercagh. Death of Mrs Mnrray at Rooty Hill 7\. Hon S E Lees and family returned to Svdney from Europe. 9\. Accident to Mr F A Elliott of Penrith. 10\. The various rights for the Seventh Luddcriham Show sold by Mr A Colless. _ 11\. Accident to Master Reginald White, son of George White, High-street, Penrith. 13\. Annual harvest festival in connection with the local branch of the Salvation Army. commenced. Accident to Mr John Sadlier at Springwood, Id Harvest festival thanksgiving services in connection with the Wesleyan Cburoh. 15\. Death of Mr Thomas Copperwaite of Bathurst, formerly of Penrith. Entertain ment in the Wesleyan Church, Mount Druitt. Accident to Miss Una Eeg at Springwood. 10\. Death of Mr Wakoford (late manager of the Prospect Water Works). Accident to Mrs D Ferguson, at Springwood. ' 17. Garden fete and fancy fair at Mr A Judges' residence, Lemongrove, opened by the Hon. Joseph Cook, Postmaster-General. The Mayor and soveral Aldermen and others of Penrith waited on the Hon. Joseph Cook on.lys arrival at Penrith, with regard to penny postage. Mr T R Smith presented . a petition boariug 65 signatures to tbe Post master-General, asking for ail earlier delivery of tho mail at Castlereagb. 19\. Re opening of the Nepean Literary and Debating Society. Opening of the fjithgow Show. Death of Mr C Adams at St. Marys. 20\. Mr Lyne delivered an address on Federation at the Temperance Hall, Pen 1 rith. Benefit concert for the relief of Mr J O'Connors, at Protostant Hall, St. Marys. Doath oi Mr Thomas Gow, of Penrith. 21\. Special s'ervioes in St. Stephen's I Ohr: .h of England, Penritb. Variety1 servioo in Primitive Methodist Ohnrob, Luddenham. . • 22\. Sir Arthur Renwiok, M.L.C., leoturea iu tho Temperauoe Hall, Penrith, on Federa tion. Accident to Mr John Herford, of Wallgrove, Eastern Greek. Death of Mr David Willmington, of Badgery's Greek. 28\. Great bush fire along Riley s Mount ains, extending to Glenleigh ; great danger to Mr James Ewan's residenoe, nearly all the fenoes, eto., on his southern boundary being destroyed. First day of Luddenham Agricultural Show. • 24 Mr G T Bennett seoured three hrst prizes for exhibits at the Tumut Show. Great bush fires at Emu Plains. Second day of Luddenham Agricultural Show, 25\. Mr. J. 0. Watson, M.L.A., one of tho Labour Party's Federation bunch, addressed a large meeting at St. Marys. The Anni versary of the St, MaryB Band of Hope, was celebrated in tho Protestant Hall. Social Evening, in connection with the Mechanics Institute, St. Marys, in tho Protestant Hal . 26\. Conoert in aid of the English Church at Blaoktown. Annual meeting of tho Presbyterian congregation at Riohmond. Leoture by Colonel Bell at the Temperance Hall, Penrith. 27\. New bridge at Eope's Greek, formally opened. Mr. J. T. Walker addressed the public from Mr. Donald Vallanoe's balcony on Federation. Cricket matoh and dinner at St Marys, between Botany and St Marys Tanners. , 28\. Prayers for rain were held by com bined churches at Richmond. MARCH. 8\. Accident to Mr George Smith of Penrith. ... 4\. Death of Miss Dryhurst at Granville, formerly of St. Marys, 5\. Federal pleotion day. 6\. Hospital Saturday at Penrith, 7\. Death of Mr Ben Small of Richmond. 9\. Annual meeting of tho St Marys Union Football Club. 10\. Accident to Mr 0 Scheodor, Rooty Hill. Opening of the new Oounou Chambers at Gastlereagh. '11. First day of the Nepean Distnot Spow. 12\. Second day of the Nepean District Slbow, formally opened by Mr John See, Mj.Ii. A. • ' 18\. Concert at Bringolly. Sl7, Moonlight concert in the grounds adjoining'St. Nicholas1 Church, Penrith. Presentation to Mr J G Tedder, Hon. Seo. of the Penrith Cricket Club. St. Patrioks Day. Pionic races at Belmore Park. Sacred ooncert at St Alban's Church, Rooty Hill. 18\. Dead body of an infant found in Glenbrook tunnel. 19\. Roman Catholic concert at St Marys 20\. Tea meeting and conoert at Ruperta wood Proobyterian Church. Swimming carnival at Mr W 3 Howe's Nepean River grounds. , 21\. Robbery at Mr W J B Neale's store, St Marys . 22\. The Federal Convention commenced its sittings in Parliament House, Adelaide. Death of Mr Affrait Wilson at Lawson, also of Mr George Izzard at Penrith. 28\. Third quarterly prize Bhooting in con nection with the Penrith Civilian Rifle Club, at Emu Butts. 24\. Opening of the Camden Show. Bob bery at Mr J Gow's store, St Marys. 26, Ooncert given by the pupils of St Joseph's Convent School in the Sohoolroom at St MaryB. 29\. Death of Mr Joseph Gander at Rooty Hill. " . .. 80\. Prayers for rain were held in Bt JameB* Church of England, Luddenham. 81\. Presentation to Mr J G Tedder in the Church of England Sobool room. Hospital concert to welcome the President, the Hon 8 E Lees, after his trip to the old oountry. 8\. Children's Bazaar at Nepean Times Auction Rooms in aid of the Benevolent Society. Orioket match at Botany between Botany Tanners and St Marys Tanners—St Marys won. Heavy thunderstorm but no rain at Springwood. ' 6\. Death o£ Mrs Taplin at Rooty Hill, also of Miss Cott at St Marys. 9\. Mulgoa Appeal Court. Death of Mrs Charker at St Marys. 10\. First-class entertainment at St Marys Protestant Hall, for tho purpose of providing funds for prizes for the Erskine Park school children. . . 11\. United prayers for ram in the Temperance Hall, Penrith. 18\. Mr G T Bennett seoured five first prizes, and une second, at the Royal Agri cultural Spciety's Show in Sydney for waggons, etc. 14\. Diploma day at the Hawkesbury College. Organ recital and sacred concert at 8t Mary Magdalene 0 of E. St Marys. Great bush fires nil round Faulconbridge, the water in all the small gullies round about Springwood stopped running. 16\. Good Friday. 17\. Death of Miss Webster of Penrith. 18\. Easter Sundoy, Eighth Anniversary of the Jamiesontown Sunday Sohool. An niveraary services in connection with the Wesleyan Churoh, Gastlereagh, conducted by Mr. Steed. Death of Mr. Major Oolless at Inverleigh, near Normanton. 67th Anniversary of St Mary Magdalene Chnrob, St MaryB. 19 Easter Monday. Rot.ty Hill races. 20\. Firo at Mrs Heile's, Glenbrook. 21- St Joseph's Convent Sohool conoert at Penrith. 22\. Great fire at the Old Tannery, St Marys—£6000 worth of property destroyed. 24\. Public meeting at Springwood to consider the best way to seoure a water supply. ... 27\. Arrival of Butler, the mountain mur derer in Sydney. HAT. 1\. Opening of the Beason of the St Marys Union Football Club, by fancy dress match, oonoert, eto. 2\. 57tb anniversary of St Bartholomew s Churoh, Prospeot. 4\. Accident to Mr Hamond, of Kings W°6°.apirBl -ay of the eighteenth aunnal ahow of the Hawkosbury District Agricultural Society. 7\. Second day of the Hawkeabury Show, officially opened by the Hon Sydney Smith, Minister for Minea and Agriculturo. 8\. Fire at Mr G Turner, junr's sawmill, ST Marys. 10\. A " rally," by the Endea'vorers, waa held in the WeBlqyan Ohurch, Penrith. 11\. The old toll house (lately used as a polioe station and residenoe), side of. tlio Nepeaq. River, was sold. 12\. The Hon S E Lees, M.L.O., delivered a lecture on his trip to Europe, etc., to a crowdcd audience, in the Temperance Hall, Penrith, for the benefit of the Wesleyan and Primitivo Methodist Churohos. Mr W J Rayner sailed for Westoru Australia; he was a resident of Springwood for 20 yoars. 16\. Death of Arnold Earlam, of Ludden- ham, at the Nepean Cottago Hospital. 19\. Over 100 attended the Oddfellows sooial at St. Marys. 20\. Sooial in the Oriental ball room, Springwood. 21\. Destructive fire at Mr F Slaughter's, High-Btreet, Penrith. 24\. Queen's Birthday. Death of Mr J Priddle, at his residence, Station- street, Penrith, aged 89 years. Ponrith picnic races at Belmore Park. The graphophono at Mulgoa a great sucoess. Members and friends of the Salvation Army hold a picnic on tho river. 25\. Severe thunderstorm at Castleroagh. 26\. Inquest on the fire at Mr Slaughter's —opon verdict. Robbory at Mr Dempioy's at Emu Plains. 27\. Fire at Mr Walter Enderby's, Lemon grove. 80\. Death of Mrs Dixon, Mount Draltt. JUNE. 1\. Rsv L M Isitt delivered a Temperance Lecture at the Temperanoe Hall. Four inohes of rain fell at Richmond. Land-slip oaused by rain at Blacklieath. 2\. Penrith Civilian Rifle Olub held its third and final meeting for the President's (Mr W 0 Fulton, jnr.) trophy. The Post master General said iu the Assembly that he saw no ohance of inaugurating a systom of penny post for the Colony. 4\. Aooident to Joseph Barlow of Higb street. Ponrith, by whioh ho lost his loft eye. 6\. Commencement of the great social annual of the Salvation Army. Lecture on Dr. Livingstone at St Marys by Rev J Tarn. 8\. Aocident to Mr A T Chappie of Emu Plains. 9\. Wesleyan Record Reign tea meeting and conoert at Katoomba. Tho Fyfe con cert. 10\. Druids annual sooial at Protestant Hall, St Marys. 11\. Grand sooial at Mulgoa, in aid of the R C Church. 12\. Pigeon shooting at Castlereagh. Death of Mrs Croft, the wife of the manager of the Bank of New South Wales, Penrith. 14\. Death of Sydney Poulton of Penrith. Saored Service of Song, entitled, • ' Alone in London," heldin the Congregational Churoh, Lawson. 15\. Fire at Mr W J Fowler's, Jamieson town. 16\. Butler, the mountain murderer, found guilty and sentenced to death. Butler attempted to commit suicide. Concert in Towle's Assembly Hall, Emu Plains, in aid of St Paul's Parochial Fund. College Sports at Richmond. 18\. Mr Robert Robinson of Mount Druitt Secretary of the School Board, presented the school children with prizes. Accident to a young man named Woods, at Fairholme Estate, Rooty Hill, 19\. Death of Mr A Morrison's son Alwin, at St. Marys. Bullock Roast and Sports at Rooty Hill. Old Buffers' Crioket match at St. Marys. 20\. Special Record Reign services were conducted at the differont churches. 21\. Big day's shooting for the Penrith Civilian Rifle Olub, at Emu rifle range. School children's Fete at the Syduey Cricket Ground, attended by 50,000 ohildren, 10,000 being unable to gain admittanoe. Death of Mr E M G Eddy, Chief Commis sioner of Railways of New South Wales at Brisbane. 22\. General holiday throughout the British Dominions in commemoratian of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee ; grand illum inations in Sydney; in the district there were : Grand march of the school children of St Marys, Kings wood, Erskino Park and Colyton Publio Sohools (ovor 400), headed by Mr A Thompson on horseback, followed by aldermen and other gentlemen—picnic afterwards on the Park ; children's picnics at SpringwooJ, Lawson and Mulgoa; bul lock roast at Belmore Park, provided by Mr T R Smith, M.P.; illuminations at night at Mr A Thompson's residenco, St Marys; large bonfire and great display of fireworks by Messrs J Angus, sen, and G T Evans at Rooty Hill. Accident to a son of Mr James Player of Emu Plains. 24\. Sacerdotal Silver Jubilee of the Rev Father Sheridan, of Penrith. 26\. Promenade fair to mark the opening of Messrs W and E Pulton's new premises. 27\. Presentation to the Rev Father Sheridan, at tho R.C. Presbytery, by mem bers of his congregation. Memorial sermon on the late Mr Eddy preached by the Rev J Tarn at the Wesleyan Churoh, Penrith. 28\. Mr A Judges took a photograph of one of Mr F Andrew's teams at Dr Shand's oulvert on the Bringelly Road; the photo, appeared in our issue of July 8rd. 29\. Meeting of railway men at tho Rail way Institute, Redfern, when it was deoided that the late Mr Eddy's memory should be perpetuated by the founding of a Railway Orphanage. JULY. 8\. First road raoe in oonneotion with the Penrith Branoh N.B.W. League of Wheel men; oourse, from Bank oorner, Ponrith, round Victoria Park and baok. 4\. Anniversory service in the Wesleyan Ohurch—Rev E Fox of Balmain oocupiod the pulpit. Service in the Primitive Metho dist Churoh to celebrate tho anniversary of the Sabbath Sohool, conducted by Mr Allsopp, Benr., of Newoastle. 6\. Aooident to Mr Robert Ourry at the Looomotive' Sheds, Penrith. Sooial and eutertainmeut in connection with the Primi tive Methodist Sunday School. 7\. A mooting of tho Penrith branch oi the United Milk Supplier!) Association was held at the Exobange, Penrith. The first of a series of rifle matches for Mr H Neale's trophy, commencod at the Emu Bntts by the Penrith Civilian Olab. 9\. Manchester Unity Oddfellow's sooial at the Temperanoe Hall. "10. Mr S E Lees, M.L.O., paid a flying visit to Springwood. 11\. Spocial services wcro hold in St Mary Magdalene, St Marys, in recognition of the Ohuroh being ro-openod after renovation ; Rev George Brown oocupiod tho pulpit in the morning, and at the evening servico the Inoumbent officiated. United religions ser vice in connection with Prince Bisraark | No. 78 Loyal Orange L-)dge, was held in tho Temperance Hall. ! 14. Hospital Ball at the Temperanoe Hall. 15\. Childrep's Ball at the Temperance Hall in oonneotion with the Hospital Ball. The Sydney Hunt Club visited St Marys. 16\. Butler exeouted at Darlinghurst. The Hon. Jacob Garrard, Minister for Eduoation, paid an offioial visit to both sohoolB in Booty Hill district. 17\. Concert at Rossmore. Prize rifle shooting at Emu Butts in oonneotion with the Penrith Infautry Corps. Aooident to the Rev A Smith, Booty Hill. 20\. Death of Mr Joseph Blackmore at St. Marys. 21\. Annual social in connection with Bismaik, No. 78, L.O.L. Burglary at the Nepean Agricultural Society Secretary's office. The first sorioa of shooting in con nection with the Penrith Civilian Rifle 01 nb for the ensuing quartor, shot off on the Emu Butts. 25\. Captain Gration and Lieutenant Teltham, of tho Salvation Army, farowellod from Penrith. 28, Sixth anniversary tea and public meeting of the Women's Christian Temper anoe Union. 80\. Arbor Day at Lower Oastlereagh Public School. 81 Death of Miss Giles at Mt Druitt. AUGUST. 1\. Presbyterian Church anniversary ser vices at Penrith, conducted by the Rev Dill Macky, of Scot's Church, Sydney. Post Office for Upper Oasllereagh, 2, Inquest at tho Nepean Cottage Hos pital on,tho body of John Walton Phoarson, found in the Nepean River that morning— open verdiot. 8\. Accident to Riohard Buckley in Elliott's Bush. 4\. The socond shooting of tho Penrith Civilian Rifle Club, for Mr H Neale's trophy at Emu rifle range. Tea meeting and con cert, in connection with tho Presbyterian Anniversary, held in the Temperance Hull, Penrith. 5\. Death of Mr F Merz at Kingswood. Accident to a man named Abo Jones, em ployed at Messrs Magrath's Woolwaahing establishment, Emu Plains. _ 7\. Bicycle road raoo from Mamro Road, St Marys, to Penrith and back. Death of Mr Hsnry Belfoifcl, at his rnoidonce, Rich mond Road. The Sydney Hunt Club had a meet at St Marys. 8\. Primitive Methodist Sunday School children presented with prizes. 9\. Masonic installation of officers in con nection with the Nepean Lodge, No. 29, U.G.L., N.S.W. 10\. Mr H Beggs, of Eastern Creek, met with an accident. 11\. Leoture by tho Hon S E Lees, M.L:C„ at St. Marys. Baza<ir at Kings wood, for the purpose of raising funds towards building a school hall, opened by the Mayor of St. Marys. Annual enter tainment in connection with the Penrith Cricket Club, at tho Temperanco Hall, Penrith. Death of Mr George Robert Colless, of Emu Plains. 18\. Sudden death of Mrs Amos' Taylor, aged 47 years, at her re&idonoe;, Henry street, East Penrith. Sooial held in the Convent schoolroom, St. Marys ; about 40 couples attended. 14\. Benefit concert given in Goultor's Hall, Rooty Hill, in aid of Mr Fred Davis, a member of the Manchester Unity of Odd fellows. 16\. Annual meeting of tho St. Marys Union C.C., at tho Volunteer Hotel, St. Marys. 18\. Ponrith Civilian Riflo Club's second competition for the 8rd quarter's prizos, at the Emu Butts. 20\. Death of Mrs Paskin, sen, St. Marys. Entertainment at St Marys in aid of the prize fund of the Church of England Sab bath School. 24\. Death of Mrs.Tolhurst at St Marys. Accident to Miss May Shaw at Springwood. 25\. Heavy rain at St Marys. Annual meeting of the Springwood C.C. Aooident to the Rev C Blaeket, of Mulgoa. Wesley an lea meetlug and concert at Penrith. 27\. Death of Mrs James Wade, sen, of St Marys; also of Miss J Rutherford at SpriDgwood. 28\. Bioyole Bports, football match and smoke conoert at Penrith. 80\. Eighth annual pionic of the Looo. employees of Penrith District. Accident to Mr J Stevens, of St. Marys, whilst removing furniture by road to Syduey. 81\. A blizzard passed over Springwood. SEPTEMBER. 1\. Primitive Methodist Sunday School pionio at Penrith. One of the roughest days experienced in Penrith for years. Terrible storm at St Marys. Conversazione in aid of the funds of the Church of England Parson age repairs, at the Temperanoe Hall. 2\. The seoond session of tho Federal Con vention commenced in Parliament House, Sydney: Mr Kingstone, President of the Convention, took the ohair. Rev J MoKeo gave an " at home" to members of his con gregation. • Annual meeting of the Penrith Cricket Club at the Red Cow Hotel. Death of Mrs Cooper at ICatoomba. 4\. Death of Miss Purcell of Castleroagh. The Federal delegate' visited Richmond to soe the H. A. College. Hawkesbury raoes. Serious aooident to Mr Ernest Oolley, son of Mr J Colloy, looo inspector at Ponrith. 8\. Complimentary conoert to Mrs Hovoudon at the Temperance Hall, Peurith. 10\. Tho first annual bull in connection with tbe Ponritb District Benevolent Society, bold in tbo Toraporanco Hall. Accident to George Wade in Tottenham Park, St Marrs. Opening of tbo new Prim itive Methodist Church, Bringelly. 11\. Oonoort iu tbe Protestant Hall, St Marys, iu aid of St Mary Magdalene Church funds. Tbo 55 miles bicyclo road raoe from Parramatta through Windsor aud Richmond on to Penrith aud back to Parramatta, won by D Harvisou. 10\. Looture by tho Rov F W Isitfc of New Zealand at the Wesleyari Church, Punrith. Accident to Mr Thomas Wiltshiro of" the loco department, Ponritb. 17\. Mooting of the Co-operative Milk Suppliers' Association, at tho Exchange, Ponritb. Annual moetiug of tho Peurith Distriot Benevolent Society, in tho Temper ance Hall. 18\. Bicyole raoo at St. Marys. Presenta tion to Mr J R Tipping the Secretary of the Looo Picnio. 19\. Anniversary of tho Primitive Metho dist Sabbath School, hold in tho Church, Luddenham. 20\. Ghost seen on tbe Long Bridge, Wallace, Mulgoa. 21\. Tlio Anuual Meeting of members of the Nepean Agricultural Society, held at tbo Ponritb Council Chambers. 22\. Acoidont to Arthur Squires, son of Mr Alfred Squiros of Penrith. 28\. Anuual piouio iu connection with the Kingswood and Penrith Church of Eugland Sabbath Schools at the Parsonage Grounds, Lomongrove. 24\. Annual juvonilo concert, in connec tion with tho I.O.G.T., in tho Temperance Hall, Penrith. 25\. Walking match round Victoria Square, St. Marys. 2G. Fatal accident' to a littlo girl named Stolla Roots, at Luddenbura. 27\. Tho nunual mooting of tbo King's Daughters (Penrith branch) was hold in tho Church of Englaud School-room, Ponritb, undor the presidency of Mrs James Ewan, of Gleuleigh. 28\. A debato was hold iu tbo Richmond School of Arts between the Penrith and Riohmond Litorary aud Debating Societies. 29\. Great wind and hail storm at Rooty Hill. Garden party at " Steinberg," Lud denham, in aid of tho R.C. Church, Mulgoa. Annual picnic of tho children attending St. Joseph's Convent School, Pemrith. Emu Cricket Club concert at Towle's Assembly Hall. 80\. Death of Mrs Ellison at her resi dence, Emu Plains. Accident to Arnold Rayner, Springwood. OCTOBER. 2\. Burglary at Mr T 0 Stenmark's, High street, Penrith. Penrith C.C. opened the season with a match against the St Marys Unions, on the Association Ground, Penrith. 8\. Anniversary sorvicos woro conducted at tho St Marys and Rupertswood PreBby torian Churches by the Rev Dr Bruco. 4\. Eight-hour Day. Ponritb picnio raccB on Belmoro Park. First anniversary pionic of Excolsior Juvonilo Tomplo, No 845, in Penrith park. Death of Mr James Hackott, of St Marys. 6\. At the Council Chambers, Ponritb, ad journod annual mooting of tho Nepean Dis trict Agricultural Society—election of Com mittee ; first meeting of Ouramittoe ; elec tion of Officers, ' Lecture by the Hon S E Lees, M L 0, at the Temperance Hall, Ponritb. First closing of the stores at 1 o'clock on Wednesday, at Rooty Hill. 7\. Concert and tea meeting at tlio Wos leyan Church, Upper Oastlereagb. 9, Conversazione at Rooty Hill, to oele brate tho anniversary of the opening of the Rupertswood Presbyterian Churcli, tlio Rev A Smith occupying the chair. 11\. Publio mooting held in the Council Chambers, Penrith, to consider tho Govern ment offer of 12 acres for a general ceme tery. Aocident to John Jesson. 13\. Annual feast in connection with St. Mary Magdaleno Sunday School, St. Marys. Military smoke concert at tho Temperance Hall, Penrith. 16\. Go-as-yon-ploaso at St. Marys. Picnic of the local Good Templar Lodgo on the Nepean River. 18\. Severe thunderstorm, acoompaniod by hail, at Oastloroagb. 19\. Entertainment by tho King's Daughters of between 50 and CO of tho flgoror rosidonts of the Distriot, at tlio Oilurch of England sohoolroom. Acoidents to Oliver Parker and Fred Olissold, of Oastlereagb. 20\. Soiree in connection with the Nepeau Literary and Debating socioty. at tho Tem perance "Hall,. Oastloroagb cricketers' social. Death of Mr J K Oleove, P.M., of Penrith. 21\. Funeral of the late Mr J K Oleeve. 22\. Death of Mrs Ellon Fisher at Quarry | Hill. Publio school pionic on Mrs Wilson's grounds, Lawson. 28\. Bioycle road, race from Cumberland Houso (Emporium), Penrith, to St Marys, round the square, and baok to the place of commencement. 24\. Harvest Festival Thanksgiving Services at St Stephen's Church of England, Penrith. Anniversary Service in connec tion with the Emu Wesleyan Sabbath School, conducted by the Rev J Tarn. Annual distribution of prizes, in connection with the Sabbath School at St Pauls C of E Emu. Death of Mr Robert Robertson of Mount Druitt. Special Missionary Meeting of the Primitive Methodists at Penrith and Luddenham, Mr Thomas Massingham, of Sydney, with Mr W T Allsopp, holding ser vices at the various centres. Children's Floral Service, held in Emanuel Church of England, Lawson. 25\. Meeting of those interested in tho site of a new oemetery for the benefit of the Penrith and other residents held in the Council Chambers, Penrith ; His Worship the Mayor oooupied the chair. Missionary publio meeting of the Primitive Methodist at Badgery's Creek. 26\. At Luddenham Mr Massingham de livered his lecture, entitled, " Billy Bray," Mr Wm Bray very fittingly took the chair. Death of Mrs E Payne of Penrith. 27\. Footrnoo at St Marys between tbo old veterans, Paul Harford and Danny MoKaughlin—won fyy PanI Harford. Con. oort at Springwood to raise fuuds ior im provements on the Cricket ground. 28\. Fire at the Penrith Railway Refresh ment Room. 80 The five miles handicap, go-as-you plouse, arrangod by Mr Esther, oamo off on the ground near the Imperial Hotel. 81\. Accident to a sou of Mr George Andrews of Oranebrook, NOVEMBER. 1\. Tho Rev J Tarn, with Mr Perry, Mayor of Rundwick, in the chair, delivered his lecture on " Guy Fawkos " at Castloreagh Rubbery at Mr J Herr's, Springwood. Gteat bush-fires round Springwood. 2\. The annual congregational picnic in connection with the Wesleyun Church nt Emu, took place on Mr Marchant's ground, and at night a concert was held in Towle's . Assembly Hall, the Rev J Turn officiating as chairman. Severe hail-storm at Rooty Hill. The Melbourne Cup run. 8 Flower show aud fiyioy fair in aid iof, tho Nepean Cottage Hospital held in fctio pavilion of the show-ground, opened by ^1%; : Elma Lees. J'tfjri ' " 4\. Accident to Ezekiel Parker, jnr^^ai Oastleroagh. Flower show and fam^J&i;/^in aid of tho Nepean Outage HospitafTcowtlu- , ued. 5\. Presbyterian bazaar at Springwond. 6\. Exhibition of tableaux vivauts in aid of St Mary Magdalone Ohuroh, at the Pro testant Hall. Tea meeting and concert in the Wesley an Ohuroh, St Maays. Concert at Sevon Hills, proceeds of which wero devoted to tho Sovon Hills' cricket club. Presbyterian bazaar at Springwood con tinued. .7. Tho Ruperts wood Presbytorian Ohuroh was filled to the door, tho occasion being a floral sorvioo for tho children. Penrith Wesleyan Sabbath School annivei sary. 8\. Mr E J Hawko was acoorded a " send off " by a numbor of friends at Mr J Byrne's Hotel, St Marys. Picnic in connection with the Wesleyan Sabbath Sohool. 9\. Prinoo of Wales' birthday. Picnic party of somo 25 ladies and gentlemen of St Murys went to Katoomba and Leura Falls. Death of Mr Robert Angus at his residence, Belmoro-streot, Penrith Friondly Societies' demonstration on tho show-ground. Moon light picnic at Oastleroagh. Gardon fete in connection with St Thomas' Church, Mill goa. 10\. Annual public meeting in oonneotion with tho Penrith Sabbath Sohool. 11\. Very hot weather. 12 Death of tho Australian bush poot. Phil Lorimor. 18\. Races at St Marys, on Mr 0 Haokett'B raco course. 14\. Anniversary of Christ Ohuroh, Oastle roagh. Two lady missionaries from Ohina delivered addresses at the Prosbyterian Ohuroh, Springwood. 16\. Thomas Southwood Beach, son of Mr Beaoh, station master, St. Marys, drowned in a wator-holo of South Greek whilst bathing, Mr Harold Price gave an inter esting lecture on his trip to the Ohristain Endeavor Convention at the Wosleyan Ohristain Endeavor meeting. The match betwoon tho Englishmen and New South Wales was concluded, resulting in a win for tho formor. 17\. Wholesalo stealing from the railway trucks in Penrith yards ; largo quantities of tobacco, cigars, etc., found at Emu Plains. Limelight lantern exhibition, by Mr R Loan, of Oroydon Park, at the Temperance Hall, • Penrith, for the purpose of giving prizes and providing gardening tools for tho Penrith Superior Publio Sohool. Anniversary tea meeting in conneotion with the Christ Ohuroh Sunday Sohool, held in the Oonnoil Chambers, Oastleroagh. 18\. Dead body of a man namod Timothy Maguiro, found on an embankment about a milo. from Katoomba "railway station; he was run ovor by a train 10\. Doath of Aldorman W Fleming, at his rosidenoe, Mamro-road, St Marys; also of Mr Charles Ellis of the samo town. 20\. Concert in tho R.C. sohoolroom, St Marys, in aid of the children's prize fuud. Somo 50 members of the Palace Emporium Swimming Club came to Penrith for tho purpose of deoiding two ohampionship events in oonnootion with the club—on Mr Rowe's Nopean Rivor banks. Large hay stack and Bhed fnll of hay, tho property of Mr George Nash, jun, Emu, destroyed by fire. 22\. Large hay stack, the proporty of Mr G Beaoroft, Oastloreagh, destroyed by fire. 24\. Inquest held on the body of an infant found in Lollypop water hole, Mt Pleasant, before Mr J B Johnstone, Coroner of the Windsor Distriot, in lieu of Mr J K Leth bridge, the looal Coroner, who was away from home, and a jury of 12. Tho jury, after a short retirement found that the body of a femalo child was found dead in a water hole at Mt Pleasant, in the distriot of Penrith, but whether the said ohild was born alive or not there was not sufficient evidence to show. 25\. Death of Mrs T Hurst, at her resi dence, HayneB Street, Lemongrove. 26\. Large bush fires raging on the moan tains, and on the selections, Lower"' CaBtlereagh. 27\. Eight members of the Penrith Civilian Rifie Club, tried conclusions with the Katoomba olub, tho formor won by 16 points. 28\. Tho Primitivo Methodist Church folks celebrated their 10th anniversary in Penrith, the Rev T James preaohing. Fire at Mr Vanco'8, Rooty Hill. 20\. Aooident to Mr Sim Walker of Emu. DECEMBER. 1\. Social in the Convent sohoolroom. Entertainment by Mrs Stokes' pupils and friends, 2\. Fire at Mr A Thompson's No 2 Tan nery, St Marya. Closing of the session of tho Nepean Literary and Debating Sooiety, 8, Leture by the Rev J A Waddell on " The Heroio Defence of London-derry," at Penrith A party from the Mulgoa Men's Club paid a visit to the Hawkesbury Agri cultural College • 4 The Rev J A Waddell delivered his looture, entitled, " The heroio defence of Londonderry," in the Protestant Hall, St Marys. I 1 (Qoncludtd on Pagt 7)> (Continued from Page 2) 6\. Extensive robbery of jewellery from tbe Presbyterian Manse, Hornseywood, Penrith. 6\. Death of Mr James Boots, at his daughter's residence, Erskine Park, at tbe age of 86 years. 7\. Death at Mrs James Palmer, at the residence of her son, Mr John Thurston of Annandale. 8\. Visit of Bisbop Higgins (auxiliary Bishop of Sydney) to Mulgoa. 9\. Concert given by tbe pupils attending tbe St Marys Public School, assisted by their friends. At the Wesleyan Church, the Rev Mr Glasson delivered a lantern lecture on the Jenolan Caves and other colonial views. 10\. School entertainment at Kemp's Creek. 11\. Concert in connection with the Loyal Orange Lodge, No 287, in the Baptist Church, Rooty Hill. 18\. Social evening at Mr T 0 Stenmark's. 14\. Presentation to the Kev A C Oorlette, by the children of the Erskine Park Public School. Accident to Mr Charles Towle, employed in the Locomotive Department, Penrith. Concert to raise funds for prizes for St. Stephens' Sunday School, held in the Schoolroom, Penrith. 15\. Annual exhibition of work, etc., at St Joseph's Convent school Penrith. 16\. International oricket; first test match —win for the Englishmen. 17\. Concert) at Colyton in aid of the public school prize fund Death o^Mrs A Willis at Hornseywood 18\. Platt-BettB, champion record breaker of the world, at the Penrith show ground Polling for one alderman to fill the vacancy in the St Marys Council, oaused by the death of Alderman Fleming—Mr F Weyman elected. Treat in connection with the Eastern Creek public school 19\. Distribution of prizes in connection with the Church of England school 21\. The Bhooting ohampionship in con nection with the cadet force won at the Bandwick range by Leo Price 22\. Lecture at Ponrith, by the Bev J Tarn, on " The Bev Peter MoKenzie " 24\. Death of Mrs A Martin of Booty Hill, and Mrs Woods, of Prospect 25\. Christmas Day. Accident to Mr Alex Robinson and friend at Mt Druitt 27\. Spoxts at Mulgoa Baces at Proapect and Kurrajong 81 New Year's Eve Usual watohnight services at the Churches 