NEW SOUTH WALES. SYDNEr, December 6. The body of an infant was found to day in the city rubbish tip. An inquest was held to-day on the body of Lieutenant William Stewart. Colonel Smith said he had investigated a complaint against Stewart,, and in formed him that his papers must be sent in to the Government with a view to his removal from bis corps, or that he must resign.. A witness named Coker desired to explainthecomplaint against Stewart, but the Coroner would not allow him. Coker then became indignant and characterised the inquiry aw another Dreyfus case.- A verdict of suicide by poison was returned. Edward Cantwell, aged 24, an imbe- cile, was arrested for shooting at a girl named Rawson near Bathurst. He first attempted to shoot her mother, aged 70, but the girl entered the room at the moment when he took aim, and he diverted the pistol at her. The girl was injured in the face and shoulder. There was held to-day a bankruptcy meeting in the' estate of Dr Tarrant, assigned in 1898. His liabilities were then under £20,000, hut his practice yielded 080,000 per annum, and he was making £15,000 net. He went to England in 1894. He only had £400 since . June lost, when he was engaged Jjy. a ss ndicate to practice his professldn it a salary of £6000 per annum for three year', *illi the right of renewal. His bankruptcy terminated the agreement. Ee-did not know the members of the syndicate. He made the agreement with avMr Browning. He allowed his wife £$0 it yeat. His bankruptcy was caused by depreciation in property,a bank judgment, and mining losses. The examination was adjourned Gatehouses a steward on the Mildera. hAs been court-nlartialldd for the larceny f gods and sentenced to six months' imprisonment. Mary Toohey, .-of Bourke, who was recently shot at by a man who then committed suicide, has petitioned for a divorce from. her husband, from whom she has been parted since. 1894. The respondent denied desertion, and the case has been adjourned. SYoNEY, December 7. Owing to the drought the anning of stock trains has been resumed to couivey starving stock to places were food and water are obtainable. - The heat to- day. in town has been over 100deg. iii the shade. In many places it has been as high as j i Mdeg., and bush fires have oeccrred in several districts. These and the lack of water have caused diuch Miortality anmong stock. Thomas Waters hiia been sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for the manslaughter of his wife at Bendigo. The woman died from the results of a severe heating. In tli 'tegislative council the debate was continued on Lhb federad, resolu tions. The'clause allowing judicial ap peals was amended so as to provide appeals to the Privy Counill only. Mr McGowen's referendum priiendinent was rejected, aed the Council. aajourned. In the Assembly- 10-publio -works Bills wets ihasie, aud the Isand Bill was passed also. The -New Bushmans Hill mine was offered for auction to-day by Mr Parkes and was .passed in at £2100. Its market `value was £l10,OQ0 only a few years ago. Mrs Keightley, oe o t.he characters in Rolfe Boldrewood'se s' obbery Under Arms,'' died to-day. Mj was at one tiufte an actress, and he) son Cyril is well known on the stae ' The weather is .still t,; and easterly winds prevail, scorehigy ifop . Bash fires are raging it iasxy places, causing great destruction. Speaking .at St Jose)ii's College, Cardinal Moran, referrtiugto the stric tures on Australians uttered at the Ballarat Congress, branded them as groundless calumnies. Australians, he said, were remarkable .or'temperance ; they were giffed wthit ptilligence; energy, and enlightenment. The Aberdeen 'Meat tes COompan7 has declared a div tend-o7 per cent. In the Divorce 'Cquatho=day in the case of Tooher v. Tooli'er (the wife as petitioner) Judge Siikppoi condemned the clergyman for _naaqing a 'mnere school girl without ang inquiries. The girl married it e te and now wanted a divorce becauý sbe was mn happy. He was not, acif led. with the evidence tendered so far, And adjourned the case for a week. . At the last uneetieg of the Rtifle Association surprise was expressed at a letter stating that inlTiure .Govern ment grants would' ox1# be made on certain -conditiobs, omeee4 which was that the presidenit photild ae the com mandant for the time bbin . A special meeting was convened, buxt there is little probability that the 4 ~cbiditions will be accepted. \- BYDwai$Ebecemnber S. The Premier, Mr LI,. Reid, pur poses to take a sea rpd inng the lecess, probably to Norfolk Isa .; A number of other legislators will solitpany him. The Government 1xes -decided to appoint' female warders 'to looik after female prisoners in police etations. 'The Legislative Asestinbly sat over night and 'passed a nusmber of work. Bills. The Early .Ql6shig Bill, ther Conciliation Bill, and 4 Bill to prevent trading inx oleowargarinet; .were. intro duced in the afterpoou. The House then considered the Estitnaties. In the Legislativ&1 Counicil Mr Pileher moved the seconfa reading of the Totalisator Dill, but Aubseqizently agreed to shelve it. The .debath~ dn the Federal r~esolutions~ was resned. Zn place of tlme r'eferendun' a provision was inserted vesting the powera of clause 127 of the Bill in both Houses. SYDNEY, December 9. Americai sWheat freights have been fixed. at 20 per ton for sailing ships. Alderman - Barris has inen re- elected Mayor of e3ydney. strong efforts are being made to relieve distress. About 1000 of the unemployed are engaged at work in the parka. Sydney Gttgrry hos been elected as the New South Wales plydts' representative on Australian Eleven Selection Comifttittee. Hong Wing, convicted of murder at Dabbo, will be hanged on TuesdaV next. Browp, sn absconding lunatic, was re arrested Bittiag on a railway line just as a train was approaeiing, At the inquest on a than named Patton, who was found dead at Orange, a verdiet of wilful murder was returned againdt Leslie Lamont;, Patton's death was the outcood e of a fight. Mr McMillan has arrived from London He says that although defeated at the elec tions he does not intend to retire from polities. He would have supoorted the Constitution Bill minus the Braddon clause. A number of the late Mr James Tyson's relatives have arrived here and will probably meet to decide on a definite policy in re gard to the estate. 3ROKiN. HILL, December 6. Edward Pardy, arrested on the com plaint of his wife for violent assault, was remanded, heavy bail being re quired. A youth named Jordan died of sun stroke to-day while cycling in the in tense heat. BaoxsN HILL, December 7. The mining adtion, O'Connor v. Knowling, arising out of a disputed lease, has been adjourned till May 8 owing to the absehce of any provision in the Act for the appointment of asssistortn. It is expected that ain amend ing Act will be passed meanwhile. BJoiih' I1it, December 8. A man named Alfred Jackman has been commitied for trial for an indecent assault on a servant in the hotel where he was lodging. A man named Richard James was killed to-draj He was thrown out of a cart and the wheel Vansed over him. Mr Barrett, underground foieuwan on the Block 71 mine, has been appointed manager of Block 10. The Civil servants hereb ave requested the visiting members of the FiJli* Ser vice Board to shorten their period of see.. vice-on the Barrier. They have also put in objections to the customary allow ance. No deflnitt reply has yet been re ceited by them from the board.. bOKeEN HILL, December 9. The Crown is* t/epattment has decided that the police magistrate's deckion In the tot alistor cases, that the machine eeited was not an instrument of gaming, because a borse race was not a game of chance, is erroneous . A man named Barry has been seriously injured at the Broken Hill Proprietary Leaching Works. He only started to-day and had been unemployed bra long time. 