MELBOURNE GOSSIP. ? v ? [from a i.ady correspondent.] St. Kilda, Victoria. Dear Lil, — Every day one hears of new ways of wagewiuuing for women. Quite recently a girl acquaintance of mine went to England to take care of a younger brother, who is anxious to try his fortune in the ' Big Smoku ' as a designer of wall-papers and decorator of rooms. The young people took up their quarters in a London flat, where 'atten- dance ' is provided, and tirric soon began to nang ueavy on tne ucuve lianas ot rne Aus tralian girl, accustomed iu her outlying bush home to make butter, j un, and bread for a household und manufacture clothing for 'a tribe of younger brothers and sisters. In her own neighbourhood she had long been famous as a maker of sweets, und her ability in this direction soon manifested itself to her many acquaintances in the Australian colony iu London. It scent) that ru the old world tli is branch of industry is left almost exclu sively to professionals, whose calcs as a rule look belter, but taste worse than those of amatnars. At all events, our heroine now occupies all her spare time in the manufac ture of home-made sweets to order, and is diily enlarging her connection. Of course, she is quite above the average of the ordinary amateur confectioner. Among her chef d'oeuvrcs in sugar, I remember realistic imi tations of streaky bacon, new potatoes, green peas, and quaint little Punchinello heads moulded in chocolate. All the scrapings of sugar, gelatine, almond, &c;, left ovor from ii batch of sweets arc worked up into 'roughs,' so nothing is wasted. My friend's success proves the wisdom of the advic:, ' Whatsoever thy hand tindcth to do, do it with thy might.' In hot inland summers of the past, wheu other girls were complaining of the heat and dulncss, and envying luckier damsels who spent the hot season iu Sydney or Melbourne, this born cook was gathering culinary experience and loCal renown by successful experiments in tomato-chutney, melon-ginger, home-made caudy-pfcfel, crystallised euniquats, aud such like. Thrilling chronicles of bushfire horrors make sensational literature for readers at a safe distance. There was the cremated corpse at Thorptlule, for instance, and the poor little baby at Neerim, which was planted up to its fat neck in moist earth and watered all day like a flower by a sentinel brother, while dad and mums beat the flames back from the cottag'J. With the danger over and the furnace blast gone by, babs was dug up again, damp and smiling, to )iz further moistened by the thankful toara of his hysterical done-brown relatives. Then there was the plucky Neeritn mother, who in her husband's absence, fought the fliines all day until her children seemed to be literally toasting where they stood. Then she gathered the crying bairns in her arms, and decided to drown herself with them in the well sd as to spare them the agony of roasting alive. Fortunately the wind changed in the nick of time, and the 'pretty chickens and their dam ' were saved after all. Wilson Barrett as 'The Manxman' has taken Melbourne audiences by storm, and many, who disappointed in ' Claudian,' came to scoff, remained to weep. The story is heartrending and engrossing, and after seeing it acted by Barrett, the mind keeps ever recurring to the cruel wrongs of poor duped heroic ' Pete,' the Manxman. Miss Jeffries, the leading lady of the Wilson Barrett Company, is a beautiful American girl, and is au example of the all-round clever ness of many clever people. She is uot only an excellent actress, but rides, shoots, aud docs all kinds of things well. She always had dramatic taleut, and when only a small child her father used to wake her up and carry her out of bed to recite to visitors. Melbourne is gay with thiogs conventional at present, and we women are regretting more than ever that we have not votes and cannot get outsulves made into members of Parlia ment. The splendid time those mere men do have is enough to make one die of envy. We never realised our wrongs so keenly as when we were shown over the magnificent rooms com prising the Melbourne Houses of Parliament one roasting day lately. How cool and re freshing to tread those mosaic floors, or sink into the Bpacious chairs and dose, shut out from the glare of the streets. An inviting repast was being Bpread, and in the splendid library we found all the latest books aud newest novels. We looked from a window down into a green garden and tennis court, where ilie fortunate habitues may disport themselves. As wo thought of it all, we almost became disciples of 'Sister Siede's Society for the Extermination of Male Ver min' on the spot, and felt inclined to begin hostilities by ' going for ' that hoary-headed bachelor, Duncan Gillies, whom we came upon seated in a large room all by himself, enjoying the coolness. I am, &c;, Vkra. 27th January, 1S9S. The Cairns storekeepers entered into an agreement not to give1 any Christmas boxes during the recent .festive season, and the Chinese storekeepers also became parties to the understanding. But the 'heathen Chinee ' was again ' ono too many ' for the ?white man. While observing the strict letter of the agreement, the Chinese sold hams to their best customers' for 3d. each. 