PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thfesdat, October 20. In the Assembly on Thursday the Select Committee on the the Regulations of the Mineral Lapd Act brought up a report as follows ■ Your Committee, having con sidered the additions to tliese regulations, begs to suggest the following alterations in these new regulations That a prospect ing area for diamonds or other precious stones shall he of an area (a) if outside the .limits of a mining district, of 32(J acres ; (b) if inside the limits of a mining district, 160 aerifrs, such prospecting area to be held if payable diamonds or other precious stones be not found in the interim for a period of 12 months with the right of re newal, at the dieretion of the Minister, of the whole or any part tliereof. and (c) that the area of o Howard claim for the finding of paynble diamonds or other precious stones shall be 20 acres. Your Committee wishes to recommend that the Mines De partment should at once secure all the ' nrailablc reliable information in reference i to diamond mining from countries where] the industry flourishes.' The report was adopted. ! The Metropolitan Waterworks Amend ment Bill passed through oil its stages. The Premier stated that a new Hoard won Id be "ppointed by the Government which wonla be kept thoroughly in elteck. The remainder of the sitting was occu pied with the Estimates, the whole of winch were finally passed practically without alteration. The report was adopted on the Appro priation Bill to be introduced on Tuesday. The Council's resolution to the effect that the law officers enquire into the late Official Receiver's bankruptcy was agreed to. The Council's amendments to the Gold fields Act Amendment Bill was agreed to and the Bill passed. The House adjourned until Tuesday. Tok&day;, October 25. In the Assembly on Tuesday the Pre mier informed Mr. Kings mi II that the tem porary beacons put up by Commander Dawson at the entrance to Port Hedland had been repaired and were now in good ] | order. j 1 Tloe sum of £430 was placed on the I Loan Estimates for a permanent beacon. i The Coolgardie Exhibition Bill was finally passed. ; The 21unicipal Institutions Bill was in troduced by the Premier, who explained that it empowered new municipalities- to borrow during the first two years of their existence. Several members desired to move amend ments to the Bili, but the Premier said that a comprehensive amendment Bill would be Introduced next session. The Premier moved a new clause em powering the Council to take over private streets. The motion was agreed toi The Bili passed through all its stages. The Council's amendments to the Land Bill were next considered. The Premier moved that the amendment to reduce the rent in the North-West dis tricts from 10s to 7s. 6d. be not agreed to. and proposed to do the same in regard to the Kimberlev division, and his opinion was that neither should be accepted. Those who moved in the matter did not appear to understand the question sufficiently because the Gascoyne dirision was omitted altogether; besides all lessees in Kimlierley division paid only 5s. per 1000 acres. Because these were stock lands there was no reason wtiy Gascdyne should be excluded, and if he were permitted to express an opinion he would say that rent in that division should be reduced. The amendment was not agreed to. bnt all the others were accepted. The Bill was reported and returned to the Council. The Loan Estimates were passed after a long discussion. The Premier introduced the Appropria tion Bill which passed through all its stages. The Marriage Act Amendment Bill passed through all its stages. The House rose. Wedkekda-V, QcroBEK 26 In the Assembly on Wednesday the Bush.fires Amendment Bill and Com panies Act Amendment Bill were passed through all stages. The Government abandoned the follow ing Bills : — Education Bill, Shipping Casualties- Inquiry Bill and Criminal Appeal Bill Mr. Ulingworth wilhdrew his motion favouring an early re-distribution of seats on the population basi>. The House rose. 