'ODD AND ENDS A Ohinese dealer recently asked a firm of Southern merchants to increase his credit from £300 to £650. The amount a being considered rather high, enquiries were made, and. to the firm's horror, it was found that the Chow was on the 1 point of a bad insolvency. It was re cognised that if hle knew his solency Swas suapected the firm would get nothing, so when he cam'e in again the bos re Sceived-him affably, and entreated him to ,uy £1000 worth of goods right there. The heathen was delighted, but some r what taken aback a little later when it was stipulated that the little amount owing, £800, should be paid up, "so as to keep accounts square." Still it looked too good a chance to miss, so Shoo Fli borrowed the £300 from a fellow con- i spirator, and came back with it promptly. But there was a lingering sediment of suspicion in his mind, and he wouldn't a actually part until the £1000 worth was b put upon the vans, and the vans started c off to his place. His disgust was in.les. eribable when, on his way home with the receipt, he met the procession of vehicles a and goods coming back. They hai simply. driven .aa far as his shop door, i, and the drivorhad disrespectfully " taken a lunar" at the Chow in charge, and 2 then turned back. Next minute there ai was a distracted Chinaman gabbling to e' the merchant--" Whaffor ? whafflr ? a Why you bling 'um back tea ? You al be'ly well damn," and other remarks. tP The rest of the story was toll in a Chin- m ese schedule filed shortly afterwards: a Liabilities, £2556 ; assets, £10. h The actual gold-production of Kal- w goorlie for 1897 is said to be 483,157 en oze, to Total yield of gold in Queensland for '97 is 796,825oa. or 154,512oz. better than '96, an improvement in hard cash at equal to about £600,000. Mining re- go turns for Dec. show a total yield of co 90,808oz. or an increase of 27.826oz. , over corresponding period of last year. ap Six lives were lost in the Tasmanian ap bush-fire on New Year's ere. Hundreds , of acres of fruit-gardens were scorched to li cinders, and 50 families rendered home- m. less. Never since 1841, says the oldest an inhabitant, has a Tas. bush-fire moved to so fast and then 'twas on the midland , plains, The latest holocaust happened thi e the big scrub of a damp coastal dis- oni triot.. len A. handsome Melb, society-girl came out ofa shop to.find an admiring young p man standing on the kerb beside tier men bike. ' She took painful care to avoid atehobing the young fellow's eye, but, as Phi she seized the. machine by the handle, tha he raised his hat and stepped forward, ef so that his presence could no longer be pov ignored, . Accordingly she= raised her mei eyes, gave him a killing glance, and ate: turned her back, wheeling the machine and Into the middle of the road. -But the af," apparent Don'Juan was not to be denied. bloa " I beg your pardon," he began; follow- Dr. ing the lady into the street, "but I-." Pa', "'.ir I" she criedt .in: a frenzied tone, and i if you persist iii annoying me, I will to give you in charge." "But-" pleaded we the youth. Bnt it was too late; to es- bea cape him, the lady made a hurried jump ink) into the saddle, and the next moment -ar was floundering in the road, and giving the hated rouf a bigger display of limb a and lingerie than he could have got in ten ballets. As the blushing girl vainly enleavoured to disengage her dress from the angles of the machine the young man came up and helped her to rise. " This wouldn't have happened if you'd stopped to listen to me," he said, sternly. " You know yon can't ride a diamond frame with skirts on. You see, that's my machine ; yours is over there on the kerb." Blacks who have been reared with W whiteshaveo exalted ideas of their own importance. The greatest insult you can offer one is to call him a blackfellow. He simply abhors that race, and wouldn't SP be seen talking to any of it for a trifle. He's a blanky white man. with no spots on him. The writer travelled with one once on the road with cattle. The man in charge was a skinflint, and his tucker was rough. Said my colored white mate : " He reckons this tucker good i enough for us. Why, it's only fit for p.n hlacks to eat." 