FITZROY CITY COUNCIL PRESENT: His Worship the MMayor i (Cr. .' Bennetts),. and;d Crs. Yager, McMahon, Fergie, Millis, Delves, Old= field, Gross, Hooper, Grayson and r Grigg.s Apologies for absence were received F from Crs. Denton and Johnstone. Correspondence from the Town .Clerk,'Melboume, re electric lighting, and the purchase of the various com panies' works was. received aind- re ferred to the Committee of the Whole Council. F The Rate Collector, in reply to the t[ question asked by Cr. Grigg,. wrote, v stating that very few final notices were issued' to ratepayers who had paid their first moiety, and that the issue of final notices was carried out on in- P structions received from the late Town i; Clerk, arid had been cairied out for 3 some years.. Superintendent Stein, acting Secre tary, wrote re the question of increased E expenditure of the Fire Brigades o Board, stating that the estimated P expenditure for i898 had been adopted. 1 The amount was £zr,o66. Cr. McMahon '.stated that the h answer: was' not of the pnature the a Council should. expect; the Secretary a shoulduv~.'x e ited ,inesed' aioiunt.df -.ap5hdit-iei.as'tit? C?-oiii| v had to find' the money,.and in his opinioi should- be' constilted before a the estimates were passed. The Goveinment were somewhat to blame d for not having, as promised, appointed o a Royal Commission to enquire into f Fire Insurance ; the companies reaped tl big profits, which might easily be re- 1 tained by property owners and rate- e payers, and another proposal was on 11 foot to further penalise property,` that C of laying down large water mains in t the principal streets of the city, the i cost of which would have to be bome c by owners of property, whilst the In surance Companies maintained their high charges for insurance. Letter v referred to the Committee of the Whole Council. Dr. Hodgson wrote stating that he had transferred his private hospital, at the corner of Gertrude and Brunswick streets, to another person. The solicitors wrote re the Tram- b way mandamus, stating that the Judge o had reserved judgment. a Mr. Sallery and others, Queen's- b parade, wrote re the Council removing t a tree from in front of their business g premises. Application refused. The Muhicipal Association for- I warded several draft amendments, and y asked for suggestions. On the motion t of Cr. Fergie the Town Clerk was in- F structed to write suggesting the Fire x Brigades Board expenditure as a suit able field for enquiry by the Associa tion. The question of the allocation t of the license fees was referred to, and a Cr. Grigg re-appointed as a delegate h to the Conference on the subject. 9 The Fire Board wrote re fire plugs c in Gertrude-street. The Surveyor was instructed to act in the matter. Cr. Delves refeired 'to the 'damage done to the balls and washers by the firemen in the careless use of the hydrant, and considered that the -Fire t Brigades Board should pay for such re pairs. Cr. Yager explained that it was a question of water supply, and the Metroplitan Board Act made it incum bent on the respective municipalities to maintain the fire plugs. Cr. McMahon reported that Fitzroy would shortly be entered by the North Yarra . Main Sewer; the southern corner, from Gertrude and Brunswick streets to Nicholson-street, would be sewered at an. early date, the work being executed by day labor. The Mayor stated that the amount collected for the Bush"Fires Fund in Fitzroy was £r42 os. pd. . ' Cr. Grayson reported that the Tram way Trust had about £3o,ooo in hand, and had decided -to loan that sum to municipalities at a rate which would mean 4 per cent. for the whole term. With regard to the Fever Hospital Cr. Fergie wished to know if the amount collected in Fitzroy had been handed over. The Town Clerk re plied that it was still in the bank. After some discussion it was decided that the amount be handed over, and that the first moiety of the Council's donation be paid at the same time. Cr. Fergie moved Report No. IS of the Public Works Committee. Clause r reported that the Comittee did riot consider it advisable at present to enact a by-law for the- disinfection of rags within the city; only three firms were engaged in the business, and the rags were rapidly disposed of. The by-law would cost about £fzo. "Clause 2 recommended that a lamp" be placed at the East end of Holden- street near the Railway bridgeS. ;Adopted. Cr. Oldfield moved the. adoption of the Finance Committee's report. Ac counts amounting to £40o z9s. ad. were passed for payment. The rates collected totalled £',289 'ass. 4d. Dogs registeied to date, 746, prd ducing ?A,'86 sos. od. Cr. Millis moved the adoption 'of Report No. r3 of the Whole Council, reporting that the application .of Dr. Kelly re rating of St..Brigid's Schools, has been postponed pending enquiries into general practice of dther munici Spalities. Cr. Delves moved adoption 'of \- Report of the Library 'Committee stat ing that the .total attenidance .foi-.the month had been 3,26o. He also \- moved a letter of thanks be "forwarded to the Hon. R. W. Best for a donation of 37 volumes,.and .if possible, to an anonymous donor, of three volumes. . SOn the motion of Cr. Hooper,' Cr. t. Delves was appointed delegate to the Library conference.. ' - Cr. Millis desired to sk the Mayor if any councilloi iad bieen. asked 'to speak at the Federation .meeting. on behalf of the Council, and if the'Mayor had asked the Hon. A.- L. Tucker to Sspeak. The Mayor stated that: he had' requested Mr. Tucker to spealk, btit' lie was out of town,' and that he hiad not asked any councillor to speak as the representative' of the Council. Cr. McMahon would address the meeting at his request, along with the ?Hiso. I: A. Isaacs and R..W. Best. He would. notallow the opponents of the Bill to speak on that evening, 'but would be pleased to preside on some other occasion. 