EXCITING EXPERIENCES. BUSpIFIRE INCIDENTS IN SOUTHERN: G1PPSLAND." lIan. CAMpuEirL, J.P., of Newport, has just received a letter~ from' ?is son; fMr John Campbell, of Allanhee, near Yar ragon,~South Gippslanrd, recoiinting his experiences oftlhe buslhfiresand then Chronicle is able, through the courtesy of Mr Cinpbell, sen., to give its readersl some idea of the terrible time' whichl the Gippslanders' °lhavo: just : gon0e thiorgh. 'Mr .Campbell h jun.; who is a justiceo of the peiceiand post-mastemate Al anU bee, and is;;wekl 7 knon a Yarraville has ,Ihad twvo narrow ,escapes' frioml,:` b in burnt out of liouse and.home, being; indeed :tlhe -only; one in thle: neighbor hood who :has' beent fortunate enough to have had his residence spared from the fldmes, and in fact but for the op portune arrival of aid, he, :too, would have been rendered homeless ' - Thlie fire first attacked his selection about threa weeks ago, being spread from a neighboring farm,-the occupant of which, had thoughtlessly set fire to some scrub in order to clear his land, but the. fire got beyond' his control, burnt him out, and set alight to the grass on \Mr Ct- iipbell's place.. About 40 acres of grit~s and 30 chains of feIciu'??c:':o destroyed oh that occa sion before the lire was got.under. The second conflagration, however, was of a nmost serious character, 4 miles of fencing?and 300acres of grass being totally swept away. The- flames then attacked:20 acres of grass surrounding Mr Campbkell's. homestead, and after battling against-it for some time, he was about giving up all hope of saving thle premises, and was making prepara. tions fori "itrsferring his wife and family to a well for safety from the flames,.when-the timely arrival of a gaig of sa~i;ill teamsters gave him fresh courage; and with the latter's aid the contest with the fiery fiend was re newedf withssuccess, the house and most of thli'o20 acres surrounding its being saved,. -.The sawmill people had an exciting time before coming to the rescue,.for after havinig:paddocked their working bullocks in-one of Mr Campbell's pad docks (his land being the most cleared in the neiglhborhood), they, found that the flames liad blocked theiri way back, and they had perforce to ride at a bireak-neck'ipacethrough the inidst of the blazing timber and grass, ihd came out of the fiery. ordeal near Mr: Camp bell's premises, so that iti was ionly, ac cidentally, 'after all,'though veiry fortui usately'tlaVtubcnwre able to. render 'r Campbell.succor.' Mr Campbell. als? had 'ivaery hazar dous adventure adayor so:previously. He was in Yarragon,ad?istunce of seven miles away from his home, on business, and when going back he found himself 'surrounded by; flame tle `road ?;oth before and behind being blocked. Seve ral pieople who were ahead of -him on the. road turned back and advised him to'do likewise telling him the country in front of him was all ablize. . "But," said lie, "think of my wife and chil 1drei atlhomehifin the midst of all thisi od forbid that I should turn back and leave them to their fate !' His men tors shrugged their shoulders and trotted away towards Yarragon, but he determined to push homewardst--wo of his horses refused to face the fire, butt the third, an, aniinial very mWich attached to = him, was iniduced to go throu;ghl it, and .a very exciting gallop, of some minutes' duration over the .leaping flaimes: broght hIorise and rider into compiarative safety, but not before the lhair on, botlh ,of then; had been siinged:'.. !.,:Mr, Campbell's letter to hiis father is asi 'folloHis : I thinkrithe worst" is over, now, and sureljy to goodness we cainnot get' sich another visitation of fire' Althiough the heat was very 'great yet with opportune help.I have got my place: secured.; Four: miles of fencing ands 300 acres of grass have beei? swOptawvay ',ill that is remaining is about 20 acres of grass round the house :" Certainly-I'm very lucky in having- a house to live in'at all. All my outhouses are destroyed, while my neighbors are burnt out entirely. If it woild only rain it would get the fires iunder. ' As far as I know my stock is saved, and' there again I am very lucky, for those around me have lost hundreds of head of cattle. I am indeed thankful to be so fortunate. The bush is all burned round us at present, and the only thing to extinguish it will be a good 'downpour-of rain." 