I LAM. [From Our Own Correspondent.] The dry withering winds of last week have almost swept the ground of vegeta tion. Water, too, is fast (living up, and v hat makes matters worse, bushftres are raging in many parts of the district. The wind blowing so strongly, nothing can be dune to check the work of destruction. A great deal of damage bus been done to fence*. What the bushfire destroyed in a few hours will take weeks 1o repiiir. 'I he L'pper I lam Koad is impossible for wheel trallic. Burnt-down trees are strewn across the track for miles. The Divisional Hoard, if it wants to guard against acci dents, should send a gang at once to clear the road. The (iopango Divisional Hoard and 1Vip Loekhnniptou Council, when they make laws, should show a good example by »d 1'f.ring to t beiu themselves. There is a flourishing crop of I'ai hurst burr growing on 1 he load between 1 lie Woolwash ;ui-l h'oope's Bridge. There is about si-cjuarter ot an acre of this destructive weed fully -'ft. high, ,ind as thick as it can grow, in one plot opposite Mr. Rutherford's paddock. Now that it is in seed a big crop is assured tor next season. The prickly pear, like tlie J:athurst burr, is also making headway. Several plants are growing on the Glad slone Road. Once it gets a. start in the ] ight-mile Scrub we can surely predict the consequence. By direction of the Minister for Educa tion, the teacher, Mrs. M. ( ross. called a meet ing ot the parents of the children at tending 1 lie South L'lam School on the 2'ind of October to nominate three new members on the. Committee. The following were chosen :- -Messrs. T. M'Camley, ,1. 1 if sch, and .1. M'Camley. The last named Wiis ;» [fjiuiui(--(i r»tJri I'irt i v n-i im- liiiu* ih-iujj; to report to the Minister. A copy of the complaint to the department made by the Secretary, Mr. M. Leahy, was read as fol lows:—' ' Provisional school. Clam South, 2nd of .\ugust, 1S98. Sir,— Vours of the 29th to band. I did not know until I received ;, our letter that my fellow conuuitteemen bad disagreed with me in our complaints against the teacher. If they have written iu an underhand way to your ollice, kindly send me copies of their letters, also a copy of the. report the teacher sent. you. She kept my daughter in school on the T/tli of June last, without a teacher, and no protection whatever, among a lot of buys. She was the only girl there on that (ime. Do you call this doing her duty to the best of her powers? In the beginning of. the. year she told my children not, to come to .school until they saw the 'J ynnn.s coining. Do you call this doing licr duty to the best of her powers? 1 asked for an inquiry into her conduct. You have refused me. I always thought it \,!i« your duty to grunt an inquiry to any parent. She has not enough children to keep the school going without mine. You w ill understand this. 1 would advise you id have the school insured. 1 am, &c.; (Signed) M. Leahy.'' The following Jotter from Mrs. ,L Tynan, received through the department, was also lead: — ? Suu Jose, (ith of August. 1S98. Mrs. (loss, South Ulain. Dear Madam. 1 re ceived word from Mr. Leahy on Tuesday last, 2nd of October, not to allow my (MIMIIIMI IU illl.rilU IM'IIWWI It II «l W r--|Y III two until a new teacher was got and the ] ie--ent one removed. 1 am, &-?. (Signed) Mrs. Tyraii.' After the correspondence was rend the following resolutions were unanimously parsed. 'That this meeting of the parents of the children attenting the provisional school at l'lam South hereby strongly condemn the. conduct of the Chairman of the Committee. Mr. M. Leahy, in withdrawing his children irom school, using his inHuence with other parents to withdraw their children, and trying to get the school closed by every lvieans in his power.' That having acted in direct contravention' to section 4 of clause 25 of the regulations of the depart incut, in the opinion of this meeting Mr. Leahy is not a fit or proper person to be a member of the Committee.'' ' That a copy of the foregoing resolution be forwarded to thr Minister for Public Instruction.' Mr. (1. Sanderson, member of the CJo gango Divisional Hoard, was to address tht ratepayers of subdivision Xo. 1 at 1-fijool and South Ulam last Saturday on separation from the other two divisions, but was unavoidably detained through sickness. The handwriting of Mr. CJeorge Curzon, the (.iovernor-Generul-eleot of India, be came, according to 'Cassell's Saturday .loarnal,' quite illegible at one period of l.is Oxford career. At this time he wrote two letters — one to a relative, one to a chum with whom he always discussed the faults of their respective relations, and incidentally put these letters into the v long emeloppR. He was about to write a profound apology to his relative when ho received the following note from him: — ' Can't read a word of your four pages, but guess you want some money, you young rascal.' Enclosed was a handsome 