HODCrKINSOUT NOTES. ("Cairns Morning Post" Correspond-^ ent.) J Nice rains fell at the beginiyjjg' or the month, and filled thejlgasalJfKings borough. CrusMnyg-^would have com menced ere thig^ut as rata was scar cely expe9te$r' this time of the year, there jfHS not sufficient stone in the yarc^to justify a start, however, this is b£mg remedied now, and crushing op erations will commence on the 17th. "The first parcel to go through will "be lalbtofabout 130 tons from the Home ward Bound No. 1 tribiitors, to be fol lowed by another parcel of 100 tons from the No. 2 tributes. Both these parcels should go over the ounce. The original owners of the Reconstruction have about 25 tons of 2£oz stone in the yard. This was the last stone raised prior to. the mine changing hands. Other parcels'are coming in from Glen Mowbray, Tyrconnel, Lazzie Redmond, etc. Taken, all round the outlook is encouraging. The Cecil Syndicate have let a contract for the supply of round timber and slabs, sufficient to ti^ife the shaft they are forming in thg ^^construction mine down to thB 20ttfP level. Work in this, the man ager informs me, will be pushed on vigorously bn the arrival of the neces sary timber. An engine is to be erect ed, and everything put in order to cope with a large output. The shaft in the General Grant is down about 100ft, and is being pushed down as rapidly as nossible. Ten men are employed in the jeiaft working" full time. I bear it Is tlie intention to put this shaft down. 250ft, and then open oat and cut the reef. All the work done about this mine has a very substantial appear ance. There Is no "fancy work*' be ing done, everything being built for, strength and utility. The shaft on this Pioneer is down about 180f t. and judg ingfrom the appearances of th3 ground now. being passed through, the reef should be cut very shortly. Down the river a crushing from the Union Block' of 123 tons has been put through for a yield of 12dwts per ton. As this stone was produced from a level, and every thing taken, this yield must he con sidered very satisfactory, and there can be no doubt that, with development work well in hand, dividends will soon be the order of the day . At Wood ville, a crushing of about 80 tons is go ing through from the Queenslander. This looks for about loz to the ton. This will b3 followed by crushlngs from the Captain Cook, Working Min er, etc. A crushing from the Mon arch of 86 tons was put through at Sam the Romans, for a yield of 18dwt. per top. This return pays well, the own* ers, Messrs Ashman and Woods, net ting something like £5pcr week. Mount Macdonald (N. S. W.) (writes a Southern paper) is still existing on capital from Hongkong. The gold mines are owned solely by Hongkong companies, and the brand of Hongkong is all over the place, and particularly conspicuous is it in the quaint-looking bamboo houses which were provided for ofilcials and workmen in the days of high expectations. It is Stated that Hongkong capital to the extent of fully £100,000 has been spent at Mount Mac donaid. There is no return whatever on this capital at present. Mount Mac donad as a goldfield is tar from what fancy has painted it. Reports which t have seen respecting: the field are prize samples of the imaginative. They were certainly golden-hued enough to excite the cupidity of a Chinese Joss. Mount Macdonaldites wax fat and (oily; they assume that it is Chinese aaoLty they are living on, but this is i mistake. The capital tor mine-work ing almost solely comes from Europ ean residents in Hongkong; the heath sn Chinee appears on the £cene-when there is a gamble in the shares, but, like the Sydney mining speculator, calls, he "No likee." A Kalgoprlle telegram says:—The ekaa ui» for the month at the Golden He- rscshos gave 7669oz. lOdwt- of gold, and, as it is a new mill, a considerable quantity of gold would be absorbed by Uie p.a'es; 2594 tons went through ;he battery/ and gave 60l3oz. 6dwtj I2gr. of §cid, and 780 tons were 15 ~ Ided for 726oz. 3dwt. 12gr., ^g?gver ,|^es being battery 2oz. 74ljrt., cyan ^4dwt., to the ton^^-^I'he cyanide next month, adds to the list of an other l®?s tlfat from now on will con turn out its monthly cake of Over a ton of gold left by train sent by various banks, and in addition there are three boxes to be mefhetr'up in Coolgardie. The clean (Up at Hannan's Brown-hill mint? to Sertrinber 30 resulted as follows:— Treated by th.3 old mill, 939 tons, yield ing 2676oz. 3dwt. ; treated by new mill, 5101 tons, yielding 8230oz. lOdwt; the total yield was l0,908oz. 13dwt. from 6100 tons of ore, ati'average of loz. 16dwt. per ton." Wis Crushing includes 1722 torn, a considerable pro portion of which was low-grade ore, and which was treated before Septem ber 1 and partially cleaned up, for 2735oz- 6dwt.f as already published. The ' Havens wood Mini says :—"The water in the mine has been beaten, down 0^teet, ind one of the managers. (Mr. Thos, JaErey) informs us thatheexpects to aave the mine dry. and start to work full-handed in both shafts about the second week in November.'. The Wil ach Bros.' Premier (Eight Mile) crush lag of 22 tons at the Brothers Mill fielded 60oz. of gold, and the concen trates, about € tons, which assay for )6z. per ton, will be sent to Illawarra. From their prill ore previously sent to the some works, and some to be lent, they expect 20oz. per ton. An other lease of 15 acres has been applied lor on the Shelmalier line of reef. The Black Jack tributoro have met with a tew make of highly mineralized stone, tveraging.lOin. thick. The Donnybrook aarty start crushing next week at the Brothers MilL A candid group of shareholders in a claim at Ravens wood, when applying !or an exemption, gave the reason for applying for exemption as follows :— So little work has been done for the noney paid by us and syndicate to the iiree men workiag in the said claim, are seek one month to raise the funds b buy them out, or failing that, comes b some mutual settlement for future rorking." The following are present quota tions for the mining shares mentioned: —Associated Gold Mines of Western Australia, £5 7s. fid. ; Broken Hill Proprietary Company, £2 7s. 6d. ; Ivanhoe, £7 10s. ; Lake View, £11 Is. 3d. ; Mount Lyell, £7; North Mount Lyell, £2 2s. 6d. ; South Mount Lyell, 6s. ; Boulder, 20s. 6d. ; Mount Mor gan, £5 Is. The No. % Great Eastern, Gymoie, has crushed 1144 tons for 525ozs and 79ozs, cyanide bullion. Total, €04 ozs. 15dwts. A dividend of 6d per \- shsre, equal to £895/0/6, was paid, ^slhe Great Eastern and Orient Tribute, haB^rushed 604 tons for 694ozs WLwts. A divR^Iid of 6d per share, etfual to £1.200. wa^-eaitL < We ("Wild learn that operations at Gold Mine, Towalla, which haB^-^r formed into a Syndicate with »f\^.bital of £10,000. will be commenced Ifith three shifts of hands on the 22nd iifogtant. It appears the sale oftheN^olden Gate No. 1 North was not completed. Immediately after his return to C^roy don, Mr H. F. Morgan inspected ?lig|L 1 North Golden Gate on behalf of wealthy London syndicate, (says the "Age,") and reported to them by cable. Up to time of going to press to-day the sale had not been completed, although it is understood that within the next few days the transfer will be effected. We understand that the syndicate's of fer by cable is £5,000 cash, and a far ther £5,000 to come out of the mine. The '^Mining News," however, states that the sale is off, and the "Croydon Independent", remarks :—"A large number of men were discharged this Week from Rogers No. 1 North. This Will be a sad blow to the Golden Gate people as well as to the Croydon busi ness men. Thirty five men thrown on the present dull labor market, is not conducive to our prosperity. It is to be hoped it will be for a short time only. When the present dead work is done, men will be put on again, we are informed." Tin ore Is now 14/- a unit, equal to £45/10/- per ton for black tin, 65 per eent. Another £10 per ton on tin would start many an abandoned tin show into active work; we may see that advance before the end of the veai*. , ■ • 1 A call is being held at the rooms of Mr D. P. Viles, Croydon. We ("Endeavor Beacon") are in formed that Mr Beckman has sent to London a box containing 2cwt of specimens from the Starcke reefs, and that: it is his intention to endeavor to afloat Gains' property on the London ^-rket ■ : -'.j; ^ons of quartz from the Minerva minl&Ssidsvold.; raised in four weeks, yieIdea"t>19ozs gold, and enabled the company declare a dividend of 6d per shared -The company has paid seven dividends of 6d each this year, total £8,400. Horn Island, near Thursday Island, must be something' like our own Mt. JJeyshoxL It is said the formations sire extremely large, running to over 100ft. widei, heavily charged with min erals, including galena, but chiefly iron pyrites, and that the lode stuff is inter spersed: with veins from which the ipally obtained. From the . claim the returns for the seven months of the year were from. 2,110 tons stone, 1750oz. gold. The gold is of poor quality, about £2/15/- per ounce. Mining in and around Watsonville (says the "Wild River Times,") is much about the same as usual. A parcel/6f about 40 tons of ore is being carted to the Bischoff mill from the Federation mine, in which I hear the lode mine is looking really good. John Allen is working the Irish Girl with renewed vigor; he has lately put on an extra hand. Toy and Montgomery are getting a crushing out of the head ings at the Klondyke. Edwin Day and Sons are still delving away at the King of the Ranges; a small crush ing from which recently put through the Star of the South mill gave a yield of 22 per cent. Jas. Pyle is raising some nice ore from the Day Dawn. Howe, Wilesmith and Putt have start ed work again at the T. claim, and I hear they are getting some nice ore out. The contractors at the North Australian are just about finishing their task, having sunk 30 feet through exceptionally hard rock; and al though the price seemed good enough when the contract was taken, I am led to believe they have come out a long way short of wages. There are a few other claims being worked, but I have heard of nothing out of the ordinary routine in connection with them. The weather is getting warm though the evenings are cool; and bush-fires are raging in all directions. We have not got our telephone yet, though the ^guarantee money was paid over to the PoStmaster- General some two or three months ago. I think some of the of ficials employed by the Queensland Government will be too slow even to be present at their own funeral. The Annan miners who undertook to cut the water race to Rossville for £300, and after doing half the work deserted it, (says the "Cooktown In dependent,") do not deserve much consideration, especially as they turn ed round against the man who got giiggnr the grant. At Bloomfi^ld Mr of a party of miners to blast^^^^^tohe creek, yet they will say he is d^^^^gthing for us. has secured a grant of £50 A reliable SoutS^^^^rresponaent informs the "Cookto^^^^^idait" that : "Messrs O'Connor^^Flrebrace are not mere speculators oilmen of straw*, bat are substantially baiskedby Melbourne capitalists, who are\: :®fer pared to carry out their^reeommefida tions for * developing the jbal^|E| mines." Another correspondent "Mr Hamilton Is applying for Jack, Government Geologist, to give> an opinion as to the best site on which to sink a deep shaft near May-' town." A Munburra correspondent Bays : ''None of the prospecting pari ties have yet Tepdrted fresh finds, but the claims already opened are all looking well. Beckmann from Ross ville has taken up a claim and pnt a holder on it. He is deeply impressed with the resources and grow ing importance of the field. The little crushing, battery is now at work and doing remarkably well. We want capital and amalgamation or claims into a big company to make the place go ahead, when we would have a 20-head battery booming in our ears every night and morning." After a lingering and painful ill ness, extending over three months, death came to the relief of poor "Bob" Frith last Monday night at 11 o'clock. * Since his arrival in Mareeba at the he ginning of the year, when he took over the Exchange Hotel, Mr Frith enjoyed hat indifferent health, and for the past 3 months he suffered untold agony. He was 66 years of age. He was born alongside Enniskillen in the bounty Fermanagh, North of Ireland. He left that country in 1864 and landed in New Zealand. He was on all the principal rushes in New Zealand and Tasmania. He also worked in Victoria and came to the Palmer during the first rush. .Returning from the Palmer, he built an hotel at Smithfield and when Her berton broke out he opened the Pos*. Office Hotel, which he held till late in 1896\. A keen sportsman was Bob, and many will remember his famous win of the Herberton Mile with Actress. He was honest as the sun, and in his business would absolutely refuse to supply a man the worse tor liquor. He was of kindly disposition, and will be missed by many. The funeral took place yesterday evening and was well attended, all the business places being closed. Mr B. J. Barker officiated at the grave. ;j ■. It is said that Howard Smith and Sons intend to start a steamer for Northern ports from Brisbane every Saturday, in addition to the boat which at present leaves Brisbane every Tues day. The additional steamer wiil probably call at Maryborough, go up to Rockhampton wharf, stop at Flat-Top, Bowen, and Townsville as a terminus, thus making two extra places of call for each journey North and South. 