Our Melbourne Letter. $r TOBIAS. While ail other political considerations are swallowed up in the dominating influence of Fedora] Convention debates, there are a few not oblivious of the omens that portend corning events. The writing appears on the wall, and every-; body appears, to be conscious of its existence exçept those most immediately concerned. The Trades-hall speaks, the labpur party threatens, the Age" n^wspoper vearn.s,. ajid the public, including a huge political body of dismissed and retrenched public servants, are prepared to c^st, their influence againi-t the Government when the moment is ripo- for action. The Turner Government has done some good for the country in the way of retrenchment, and saving, an.d securing, a financial equilibrium ; but, their life has been, one of passivity merely; and such. a. characteristic as this never achieved, great things for an individual, or a corporate body, or a nation. Activity is needed if we would ever-regain even an instalment of our former vigour and prosperity; and the present,ministry, from long habit are.not. familiar with this necessary attribute. The Tomer Government must soon go ; even now it is approaching the alta.r on,rçhich it is about to.be. immolated. *, *. * * # # # *. * * * In view of the. fats that threatens Sir George Turner's, team one wonders by what species, of cambia.s,tion.it is likely to be displaced. The present ministry is. but. a s scratch lot at best. Leaving out Turner and-Isaacs, you.have about as much statesmanship as could be gathered, frqin the Shire Councils of a few adjoining, municipalities. But what will the residue.of;the House be able to contribute ? This is the nut Kain would crack. There are Deakin and Higgins. to be sure, as well as Trcnwith and Outtrim, to say nothing of Madden and McCay ; but how are these an improvement upon McLean, and Peacock, and Duffy ? Deakin and Higgins have brains aud ability as well as experience, but a ministry comprising only two members is a novel form of Government and likely to prove unpopular in a democracy, To be sure we have Sir John Mclntyre, but» Sir. John was.not, is not, and never will be, a statesman, There is Gillies, the prince of Victorian politicians, but Gillies would be foolish and all too previous to come out of his shell for a season or two longer. Will any change which Í3 possible from the available elements be an improvement on the present- team ? The possibility is open to grave suspicion. « # * # # * While the spirit of prophecy is strong within me, I will deliver myself of the inspiration with which I am temporarily seized. This it is. If Turner is beaten, no man ev.er bad more substantial reasons why a dissolution should be granted him. Lately returned to parliament, with, a following which the resources of the ministerial side of the House were, unable to provide with seating accommodation, there must be strong suspicion of unworthy political intrigue to causo such unprecedented defection in a period of such brief limitation. If 'turner gets a dissolution, and goes to the country, he may be returned with a strong working majority a second time. He then retires., in pardonable disgust during the first hour of his triumph, leaving the task of reorganiza, tion to Isaacs, upon whose shoulders his mantle will be thrown, no matter how iucongruous the fit. And Isaacs stands.a go.od.show of being better able to weather- the stormy whirlwinds and ohoppy seas of political life, during the present threatening outlook than his chief. Whether the dissolution comes before or after his entering into possession of the inherited mantle, Isaacs is more possible to- day than any other man in the House. This is my straight tip, and I shall stand by it in storm as well as calm» * * * * # # * * Tremendous jealously was rife lately in some municipalities within a short radius of Melbourne at the special maçk of favouritism which, bestowed the guns of the old Nelson on some insignificant, out-of-the-world district, while being curtly denied to them. Recent developments have now tended tp solve, tho paradox, and the disaffected may console, themselves, with the reflection that the process of. snubbing was-not premediated by the Government. We read that Eagle-hawk is up in arms at having to pay about £14 railway freight on its consignment; w-hile Echuca is as mad as a March hare at having to pay £9 for the solitary cannon it received, in accordance with the system of alleged favouritism ! Some of the far away towns have at length awoke to the mean trickery of the Government in the interests, of a depleted treasury and are hesitating about taking delivery This is about as unique a way of raising the wind, and probably as mean too, as was ever resorted to by any Government in the interests of revenue.. * » * » " What God hath joined together let no man put asunder." These words were not written of the long list of " works" performed in his matrimonial knot-tying capacity by the Reverend" gentleman who was gathered to his fathers on'Friday last at Collingwood;, in the fn.llnpgs of three sgore and fifteen. He outlived the span allotted by Uiç psalmist, to the full hngth of a Roman lustrum, d.id N.a.thaniel Kinsman, minister of the Vistoria, Eree Church, of England. This illustrious section, of the great Christian. Church, was. founded by the defunct " divine" himself, a$ fey, back as sijc and thirty years ago. It was established to fill the hackneyed " long felt want," and açhieved' its mission- with, marvellous and unprecedented-success: Its first ministerandj founder, combined the. dual, trade of auctioneer and! mat rimonial hitcher and " made a good thing" out of the interest-, ipg. combination. More divorces have probably.arisen'out of Kinsman's clerical functions in this connection.than.those of any living, operator, clerical or lay, that the world has. ever seen. It is no exaggeration.to say that thousands have cursed 5 the day their eyes. first= rested} upon this apostle of a reformed church. And yet the man was only making a living like the rest of them—a legitimate, honest living,, approved' by the law of the country, upon whose census his ministrations had. such, a., marvellous effects That wretched, dissatisfied spirit,, whioh makes life for. many of us one perpetual sound of endless unrest, is plugging away at me for. the past few weeks. Apd, would you-, believe it^.the entire suurce- of> my rebellion is the fact that I was not brought up a. plumber. It t.hat. I-- envy the fellows who generally come in pairs,, examine the fracture in pairs, return home in pairs, to reappear later on in double harness, probably next day.,, and examine. the leakage again. Absent themselves again, bring back their tools, set to work for an hour, find some necessary appliance, wanting, leave off and return again, finish, tha. job., in five minutes, and charge you for two days ! The plumber does not need to lead this dark and mystic life in the future. He is master of the situation at last. The house connections of the Metropolitan Board of Works.l^s done the trick for the plumber. His wages have-risen, at a bound from 8s to 13s a day, and more than enough of that. For years and and years to come will the Board absorb all the plumber labour we can manufacture here from the raw youth, or import from abroad on the " made in Germany" • principle. In these of semi-starvation, when a clerk oftei. .bi£ services for five shillings a '.veok, the man who won't make a plumber of every mother's son of his youngsters deserves to end his own days in a lunatic asylum. This is the turn in the affairs of boys that taken at the tide leads on to 13 bob a day ! * # * * Between the airy indifference of Melbourne's Mayor to the Gippsland sufferings, and the hasty, ill-digested correspondence of the .Rev. George Cox it is difficult to differentiate. The Mayor is swelled with pomposity and the parson with indignation; and both have wandered into the alluring vistas of imagination ; and both have come come to grief as faithful chroniclers of current history in its application to the bush-fires sufferers., There can be no doubt that the Melbourne Central Committee, presided over by its ambitious and liberally endowed chairman, has proved itself disgracefully lax in ad. ministering the fund, while a starving people cries out for assistance; yet, despite all this, the reverend chairman ; of the Tborpdale local committee was not justified in manufacturing history while plenty of interesting material of a legitimate character was profusely available. Through the aid of Mr Cox, the <( Argus" opportunity came, and isn't it making the most of its advantages ?. When it has done with Ma.ceacharn it will then turn upon Cox —the reverend' and pliable medium which it has cunningly Ubed to pull its nuts out of the burning embers. . * * # * * * * * There is a youngster up Lex ton. way who, though in receipt of a free education, may be able to boast in the days to come that his education cost more than if he had been an Eton or a Harrow b.oy. He is probably bare-foot, and lunches on raw. turnip, and yet the Government pays from £200.to £300 a. year for him, in order that he may learn a trifle more than , bow many, beans make five. Lexlon is. decemated with ty|h>id, and measles, and opthalmia, and 9cariet fever, and every disease that hauuts the rural inhabitant of an illdrained village. The attendance at the school has been reduced to one, and yet the department, true to its traditional,, blundering instinctB, keeps the school open for that one child !. AU efforts to move its stubborn will are unavailing ;. and yet the chances that some neighboring cow-boy,, whose education, was. purely home-spun, despite, the com-, pulsory clause, will. m;ik.e a. better member of the new Common wealth, than* the f^exton. lad in iy ever hope to.be, i.f. I. were that, poor, persecuted, lad* Ii'll. tell you what I'd do—l.'dr—but. np, the- Government might, put ia, its. claim», thus robbing-.- the poor Gippsland! sutiferers.of thpir legitimate share ofthefunds, in whose interests the Mayor of Melbourne is so solicitous, in.the way. of mortgages and usury.. * * * * * * * * * * This, reminds me of the lessee-of a. : . country, theatre who asked his. stage manager, what sort of a house they, had; —he hadn't had a. peep,himself so far^. being- rpund the corner refreshing. " Poor, house !. poor house !" was the; roply,. " only one - man.!" " Does. he. •enjoy the play?*' queried the disgusted boss. " Applauds to the echo'.'responded, the manager. u Go on with the play!!' exclaimed the smiling lessee, with a. :m*gpificejBt w { ive of his hand. " Go on, with 0;e play—•! úon t purpose iM-f iling thc money at the door !" The digress that Lexton boy is thought to be-, making amply repays the Education. Department for. its. insane extravagance. 