RURAL TOPICS. Farmers have no reason to feel dissatis fied with present crop prospects. Occasional showers have fallen, just sufficient to keep the surface from becoming crusted, and at the same time there has been an absence of the cold weather that is usually looked for at this time of year. The result is both cropB and grass are growing with unusual rapidity for the winter season. A con tinuance of the favourable conditions will be most welcome, and will go a long way towards insuring a good harvest. From nearly all part* of the colony reports have been received of dairy cattle being,ptoor, and for that reason their productiveness during the coming butter season is.likely, to fall far short of what it would have been.under other circumstances. Rye-grase, . clover, cocksfoot, and other grasses sown in the Gippsland districts that were devastated by bush-fires are growing satisfactorily! In the other colonies the season is generally proving favourable, and prospects all round justify the anticipation of a period of pro sperity. Efforts are being made by the Minister ? of Agriculture to hasten on tha shipment i of samples of Victorian products which it is intended to display at the premises rented by Mr. J. M. Sinclair, the agent of the Agricultural department in London. Various causes -have-retarded the collection , of the exhibits.' In the first place, the season was so bad last year that' no credit- ' able samples of Borne of our chief products j could be secured. 'Then the department ( had to wait for the fruit season before it | could have models prepared of the different ] varieties .of apple* exported and h^ve them i properly coloured by experts so as to re- i semble the original as closely as possible. < Piyny months haye been occupied, too, in ! getting together a collection of photographs , to 'represent the rural industries and princi pal towns of Victoria, while the printing i of the pamphlet on the resources of, the i colony, %hich has been In the hands of the 1 Ctovernmentprlnter for aoine months, was delayed.owiBg"tp the pressure of; wojrk caused byih® Federation Convention «it ting in" Melbourne. Mr. Tdverner in tended to have had the samples and pamph lets shipped tiefore this, but, owing to the causes stated and his desire that, when the office -is opened, the display should be one that will , redound to the credit o£ Victoria, the packages have not yet been sent-away, but most of them will be forwarded next month. The Indian Government fias intimated that in future it will be prepared to pay an average of £45 for Australian cavalry remounts. Our Thargomindah correspondent states that a water flow of 2,000,000 gallons daily has been struck in the Boo rara bore, at a depth of. 1,470ft. The station is owned by Messrs. Blackwood and Paterson. The bore will probably lead to others on the waterless blocks in this district. We again remind our readers that the , annual par'ade and sale of thoroughbred, roadster, draught, and pony sires will take place at the City Horse Bazaar, Sydney road, on August 2 and following days. Messrs. Campbell and Sons, Kirk's Bazaar, will conduct all arrangements, full particu lars of which Appear in our advertising columns. A series of manuring experiments are being carried out by Mr. G. T. Chirnsdde, at Werribee-park. A plot 30 acres in ex tent has been cut up into acre blocks, and a different class of fertiliser applied to each allotment. Some of the manures were im ported by Mr. Chirnside, and others were purchased from the wholesale vendors. A careful record.will be kept, and the results made known in due time. A circular emanating from the Nathalia Agciciutural Society, and asking , kindred -soeietjfes to' protest against the abolition of>he stock tax, is not-meeting with much ?support. At the last meeting of a neigh bouring society-Tungamah-the circular was discussed, and the members present expressed very, decided opinions against the continuance of the tax on the ground that it had not benefited farmers in the least. The^ annual meeting of members of the Kilmore Agricultural and Pastoral Society was held on July 9. There was a large attendance. The report and balance-sheet showed that the overdraft for the past year was slightly increased, j standing at £151/11/5, but this atoount did not include the Government subsidy for the year, which Mas received -after the close of the financial year. This reduces the over draft to about £100. - - ? :? ... The advisability "of offering a bonus for the destruction of v foxes'was brought before the Kara Kara Council last week. The council's past experience of the system was, however, considered very unsatisfactory. The longer the bonus was continued the more plentiful apparently the foxes became,-an expenditure of no less than £243 being incurred during the last year the system was in operation. The council was not prepared for any more single handed combats, and would only enter upon another raid on condition that any bonus offered should be uniform throughout the colony. The Government of New South Wales is inviting tenders for improvement leases of (he lands -within the West Bogan district that have lately been scrubbed and cleared. The blocks are situated from seven miles ! and a half to 39 miles from Nyngan, Thorn-1 dale, Coolabah, Cooreea, Miandetta, and ? Hermidale railway stations. The upset i rental is from l|d. to 2Jd. per acre per ! annum, which covers payment of (he cost of scrubbing and clearing that has been done on the land. The duration of the lease is 28 years, the rent to be paid annually in advance. Full particulars relating to con ditions, &c.;, are given in our advertising columns. The Queensland Governmeat has decided that the management of the Gatton Agricul tural College, which became vacant on the resignation of Professor She! ton, shall be undertaken by Mr. Mj&on;, the dairy ex pert, and Major -Jidyd, editor of tfee "Queensland Agricultural Journal," a sort of dual control being exercised, the former being the principal and the latter the secre tary. Placing two men in equal, or nearly equal, authority in charge of such an insti tution is an excellent way of getting up a really first-class row, and it will be surpris ing if this does not occur. Dual control fa most inadvisable in connection with a teach ing institution. that has young men, not j mere lads, in its charge. Far.better to. secure the services of one really good man, give him full control, and afterwards main tain his authority so long as his rule is characterised by- wisdom. A sighiffcaut <?ase for froEen meat con signors ifrrenorteJ'jin (writes the London correspondent °* the "Sydney Mail"). It is stated that a New Zealand importer of froSen meat sent a consignment of about 10,000 sheep to a salesman in the Smithfield Market, and when the account Bales were rendered he disputed their ac curacy. The importer had himself been for? tunate enough to overhear some of the sales of his sheep, and was confident they were higher than those rendered in the account Bates. When an explanation was asked for the salesman admitted that he had j equalised the prices. On this the importer ! threatened proceedings, or the alternative of the salesman paying him £700. The sales man paid the money. There is but one safe }ine to .follow, and that is, a salesman must be cither a ^anutuaslon maa altogether, or a man who buys and sella, and will not do a commission business. During the recent Bales of stud sheep at Sydney 3,532 animals were disposed q{ for £34,195, or an average of £9/13/7 per bead. The vintage statistics show that the total make of wftie this year was 1,263,998 gal lons, agajnst 1,898,105 gallons last year, the falling off being due to the drought. There were 3,717,008 gallons in stock at the end of the vintage, as compared with 4,371,951 gallons 12 months ago. A poll in favour of raising a loan of , £20,000 for irrigation purposes has been " carried in the Ashburton district, New Zea land. The irrigation area comprises 81,000 acres, the total rateable value of which is £179,092. The construction of the neces- j sary works will be undertaken by the county council. I A statement showing the extent to which irrigation has been practised within the district of the Rodney Irriga tiou and Water Supply Trust during the period between the 1st January, 1898, and the 30th June, 1898, has been furnished by that body to the department of Victorian Water Supply. It shows that the gross area watered was 15,914 acres, and that j the quantity of water used for irrigation | was about 191,614,000 cubic feet. For the I corresponding period of 1897 a gross area of 46,342 acres was watered. I The annual meeting of the Villiers and j Heytesbury Agricultural. Association was j held on July 6, the president (Mr. Jno. Glasgow) being in the chair. The follow- J ing office-bearers were elected for the cn- i suing year:-President, Mr. Walter Mani fold; vice-presidents, Messrs. A. O'Keefe and D. KelsOn; treasurer, Mr. J. Slack; committee, Messrs. J. H. Allan, W. Beve ridge, J. Glasgow, F. W. Gazzard, T. M'CuI lough, W. M'Cullough, A. Robinson, and T. F. Rutledge. The balance-sheet showed that the society's indebtedness had been re duced by about £20 during the year. The crop of cocksfoot, seed harvested during the past season in New Zealand it reported to be of superior average quality, bright iu colour, and exception ally clean. The statistics of the crop give the following particular*::-North - Island, Taranaki, Napier and Wellington provinces, 10,000 sacks; South Islands, Banks Pen insula, 47,400 sacks; other districts, 1,000 sacks; total machined seed, 46,720 sacks. The seed weighs from 131b. tp 151b., and as the kernel is well-formed dnd large,- the ger minating power should be exceptionally good. x - . Last week 1,500 boxes, or 37J tons, of Queensland butter, which had been exported to London, and re-shipped to Melbourne, arrived here, and was stored in the Govern ment cool stores, Flinders-street. It has been found that the production of butter in Victoria this winter is insufficient to meet the local requirements, and hence this im-. portation, the prices obtainable here being much higher than those received for butter in London. The arrival of this consign ment again emphasises the necessity of our dairymen makinp ensilage, and being pre pared to meet a bad season, so as to keep j their herds in milk as long as possible. j The imports of wheat and Hour during the first six months of the year to New South Wales were eauivalent to 539,230 bushels of wheat, and the exnorts durine the same neriod were equi valent to 1,809,522 bushels, leaving a net export of 1,270,292 bushels. The seed re quirements of the colony., based on a 20 per cent, increase in the area under crop, will be 1,160,890 buehels, and the food re-1 oiiirements 7.962.030 bushels, which, with the net export given above, makes a total ot j 10,393,000, or 154,000 bushels Jess than last j year's crop. The exnortation of domestic : products must therefore practically oease, | or the deficiency resulting therefrom must! be made up by importations of wheat and j flour. The adulteration of food seems to have j no limit. We ("Farmers' Review") thought when they began to adulterate butter with oleomargarine that the business would be profit.ible enough to the promoters, and thev would be satisfied to sell that ar- i ticle at least pure. But now they have be- j gun to adulterate the oleomargarine with starch, paraffin, and BO forth. Next we' may expect they will adulterate the starch with something still cheaper. Verily greed is both blind a*id insatiable. If we j allowed these manufacturers of bogus pro-1 ducts to have their way -we would soon be feeding on sawdust and sand. This all i shows the need of pure food laws, both for j the states and the nation. A report from the technical committee of the Devonshire County Council gives the ! results of experiments carried out in the I manuring of mangolds on 17 farms. As a matter of course, the nitrogenous mauures I produced the best results. It was fouud that I nitrate of soda proved most effective when 1 applied in three dressings, the firat one put on with the seed, and the other dressings later on. On the other hand, the sulphate of ammonia did beet when all put on at once, at the sowing period. The reason of this difference is that sulphate of ammonia is less likely to be lost after a heavy rain than nitrate of soda is. Superphosphate alone did comparatively little good, but when addedto nitrate of soda or sulphate of ammonia it produced marked results. Where the soil was deficient in lime basic slag proved superior to superphosphate. The greatest average crop on the 17 farms was nearly 28 ton6 per acre, obtained on plots dressed with 2Jcwt. of nitrate of soda. oewt. of superphosphate, and 3cwt. of kainit. Practically the same result, however, was obtained, when 2cwt. of/sulphate of am monia were substituted for nitrate of soda in the mixture just named. The kainit ^ap pears to have a considerable effect, because the soil was one deficient in potash; but on most of the soils of thiB country potash, manures are not,needed, exoepttftj'ihe ex tent to which potash is applied in-Iarmyflrd manure, put oh to1 nearly "all land Occasion ally. In experiments with swedes carried on four farms, and common turnips on one, the greatest average crop was near}y 2$ tons per acre, obtained on plots -dressed with 12 I tons of farmyard manure, 4cwt. of super phosphate, and Jewt. of mtrate of eoda per acre Only about a tob less of roots, how ever, was obtained by the help of a much cheaper dressing ofartittciala only, consist ing of 4<;\vt. of superphosphate, fcwt. of sul phate of ammonia, and 2e« t. of kainit. Notwithstanding the exportation of a large number of rabbits during the last few weeks there are stiil 22,000 crates, each con taining 24 rabbits, or over 500,000 alto gether, stored at the Government CooJ Stores, Flinders-street, waiting shipment to London. 1 A special sheep sale was held at Charlton ' on July 9 by Messrs. John Watson and Co., Bendigo, and Messrs. Geo. M'Keehnie and Co., St. Arnaud. Upwards of 9,000 were yarded, and, with the exception of two small lines, all were sold. Crossbred ! wethers, four and six tooth, sold at 9/; I two-tooth, 8/; crossbred we.mers 5/7 to 6/0, well-grown 8/9; merino wethers, 8/3. ! The health officers of the Glamorgan 1 County Council have abandoned the pro 1 sccution instituted some lime ago against vendora of Victorian butter from the Corangamite Factory for the alleged pre i sence of an excessive amount of boracic acid. The case was previously adjourned pending the result of an appeal upon a , technical point, but si'tice then a similar .prosecution against vendors of American , hams has been dismissed. ] According to the New Zealand "Farmer," I there .has been considerable inquiry this | season and last for seed potatoes for plant i ing of the Dakota Red variety, introduced j into the colony by Mr. R. A. BuIIen, of I Papakura, Auckland. A Palmerston i North farmer, notwithstanding the un ! favourable nature of the past season for potato-growing, was very successful with Dakota Reds and White Elephants. Picked specimens of his crop are stated to have j weighed over 31b. each, the tubers being j solid and of good shape. ( Wash one of two glass tumblers which j have held, milk in scalding water, the other in cold water before the hot-water bath; the one washed with scalding water looks dingy and dull, the other clear and sparkling. Upon the surface of the one lias been de posited a thin coating of milk, which in the other was removed by the cold bath. The same processes produce like results with tin. The coating deposited by the boiling water may not be perceptible to the eye, as in the case of the tumbler, but it is there as truly as are the bacteria iu the air we breathe, in the water we drink, and which the microscope reveals beyond dispute. Mr. G- T. Chirnside is conyertinga portion of his Werribee-park Estate into a model dairy farm. In the milking shed all the latest improvements will be introduced, the cows being bailed up 50 at a time, feeding troughs, &c.;, being provided, and the cows, when milked, passing through to the other side of the shed. A loft runs along the top of the milking house in which the feed is mixed and supplied to the feediing troughs. The floors will be properly constructed, and the drainage on the most improved prin ciple. A traJnwiiy will run straight from the milking house to the dairy, which is re plete with all the latest improvements in crcam separating. The New Zealand- "Mail" says that al though many farmers in Taranaki have been for several years getting a Etrain of Jersey blood into their herds, this famous butter fat producer does not give unqualified satis faction. One objection is most peculiar, and worth mention. It is this-that while they give a much better quality of milk, it is so much diminished in quantity that there is a loss in the reduced quantity of skim-milk to take back for feeding calves and pigs. Obviously, if there is anything in this objection, the remedy is to go back to the large milk-producing breeds, such as the Holstein, which would also prevent a diminution of the carcase. I The following paragraph is clipped from j the "London News":-The enterprising German merchants have lately , begun to run the proverbial carriage and six through j the Contagious Diseases Act and regula tions of the Agricultural department. Under the regulations based on that act, j the prohibition of the importation of cattle ? from Germany is strictly enforced. A method of evading the requirements of the I act lias, however, been discovered, and is ! now in operation. The German merchants ship cattle on steamers, and send with them butchers, who kill the beasts during the pas?ag?e and have the carcases all dressed for market by the time the vessel arrives at j the English port. In a letter to the Sydney press on the ! subject of indiscriminate condemnation of i milk. Dr. Carnac Wilkinson says that dis j cased animals, if in good condition, and ; Buffering only from localised tuberculosis, ' should not be condemned as unfit for food. There is, he says, very little evidence to , show that the flesh of animals affected with ; localised deposits, of tubercle is in itself i dangerous as food, provided the flesh has . been properly cooked. The risk to the i public health from the use of 6uch food is, according to the doctor, a small and tran sient one compared with the daily and long existing one that lurks in the unboiled milk of oows that escape slaughter. The doctor ! goes on to say that it is "nothing better ! than wanton and unwarrantable waste to destroy, as unfit for food, the flesh of ani mals affected with localised lesions of any | sort. Animals with lumpy jaw (actinomy , cosis) or brand cancer or localised tubercu i losis are quite as fit for human food as ! 50 per cent, of the animals that pas6 muster . at the abattoirs." Humus is the organic matter in the soil, and is formed by the decay of animal and vegetable matter. The , decay of roots, ploughing under of sod, stubble, and the application of stable manure all contribute humus to tibe soil. It absorbs water much more extensively tjjan any other component part of the Boil, and retains this moisture until needed by the growing plant. It im proves the mechanicailr cohaition of heavy clay lands bv making-,tbem -lighter, more pofQUB, and. less sticky. ' A. soil rich in humus, by reason of its moist condition, has the powot to retain the nitrogen obtained from the atmosphere in cultivating the soil, and in growing leguminous crops whim store up this nitrogen in their roots, and render ,11 available for the use of growing tirbps hejs&fter.; A soil devoid ofTiumuSj, for Iarg^y po, easily bnkfes after a rain, and A baked or' crustedSoil throws off"moisture into tbfe atmoapKere at a ireTOendoHB,rate 'during >]bot summer flays, to; tije groat detri ment of tbe growing cropu. Heuce, to re» store the original humui'lro ferae is to em ploy tbe very best njfca&s; at nrinato over come the disastrous effects of summw drought. 