THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. ——— OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. ——— Numerous bushfires in the Hills. Tungkillo Races to-morrow. The Mount Barker Daily Produce Com- pany in a flourishing position. The Lynch Family of Bellringers at Mount Barker next Wednesday evening. A list of the accepted Southern mail tenders appears in this issue. A Masonic Lodge will he opened at Murray Bridge on Friday evening next, 11th inst. The excellent Adelaide Orpheus Society announce their annual visit to Mount Barker on the 26lh inst. Some interesting recollections of Mount Barker in the early days are given by " Auto- lyeus " this week. The price of bread, which has been 4d. per loaf at Mount Barker for months past, dropped ½d. during the week. We notice from a local paper that Mr. J. S. Milne, formerly of Nairne, is flourishing at Norseman (W.A.), where he has established a large bakery. In our sporting column will be found a full description of the improvements now being made to the Oakbank Raoecourse and a complete list of the nominations for Easter Monday's big meeting. The Mount Barker District Council have decided to apply for another seven years' lease of the local waterworks if a reduction in interest can be arranged. The Mount Barker cricketers, who easily defeated a combined team from Woodchester and Langhorne's Creek on Saturday, meet the Meadows eleven on Dunn Park to- morrow afternoon. At the Mount Barker Police Court on Saturday two local young men were mulct of £2 10s. 9d. each for having on the previous Sunday evening stretched a piece of wire across the pavement in Gawler-street for a "lark." The Garden and Field, which has now become an almost indispensible item in the agriculturist's stock-in-trade, makes a very complimentary reference to the Courier's Christmas number, and we heartily appreciate the nice things said about our production. A petition has been presented to the Crafers District Council asking that a stop should be put to cricket-playing, dancing, and other amusements on the Bridgewater Reserve on Sundays. The arrangements for the Mount Barker Show are proceeding satisfactorily. On Wed- nesday evening the judges were appointed, and when replies have been received from the gentlemen asked to act a meeting to finally prepare for the exhibition will be held. Excellent reports have been received of the harvest in the Noarlunga district, where the past season has been one of the best known for years. Returns of 12, 15, and 20 bushels of wheat per acre are spoken of, while there is plenty of feed for the stock. Mr. E. H. Derrington, of divining-rod fame, has informed the Commissioner of Crown Lands that he has the knowledge of the whereabouts of reefs in the Echunga district and is willing to point them out. Further particulars have been asked for by Mr. O'Loughlin. Special meetings in connection with the Mount Barker Salvation Army corps were conducted on Saturday, Sunday, and Mon- day, when Brigadier Glover, Staff- Captain Spargo, Adjutant Miller, and Ensign Bensley were present. A series of limelight views were shown on Monday evening. Mr. W. C. Grasby's excellent agronomical journal speaks of the Mount Barker district as one in which droughts are unknown, and hot nights are hardly more frequent than Christmas, and not so common as anni- versaries are at one of the churches in the district, where the good people celebrate two ' regulars' and one ' special' in the year." On Friday a largely-signed memorial from residents in the Onkaparinga district was presented to the Commissioner of Public Works by the members, Messrs. W. H. Duncan and R. Caldwell, asking that the dangerous approaches to the Balhannah and Ambleside stations should be remedied by abolishing both stations and building a new one between the two places. Mr. Jenkins promised to submit the request to the Rail- way Commissioner. Reference to this and other railway matters is made in our leading columns. —♦— (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) Woodside, February 2, Tlie weather and cricket are still the prevail- ing topics here, and a change is earnestly desired. The water question, which is only an adjunct of the weather, is becoming more serious than ever, and what has never occurred here before is happening now— water is being sold. Of course the happy possessor of the supply is willing enough that anyone should help themselves, but as it is some distance from the township it is doubly earned and partially quaffed before reaching home, and as the price is reasonable for delivery the latter is preferable. It has generally been our proud boast that we are always sure of cool nights here, but during the past week camping out under verandahs has been the order of the night, as tthe houses have got so hot as to almost preclude the possibility of getting to sleep in them. On Tuesday afternoon we were visited by a whirlwind, which wrestled with a stable roof and succeeded in demolishing it, but fortu- nately its energy was expended before it did any further damage. On the same afternoon en elderly lady, Mrs. Elridge, fell from a tree while picking plums and was severely shaken, besides spraining one of her arms. On Tuesday evening a successful limelight exhibition was given by the Salvation Army. —♦— East Wellington, February 1. Last Wednesday evening Mr. Kleemann, the local school-teacher, was tendered a social by the parents and friends of the scholars, as it was thought that he had been transferred to to another school. A day before the time of departure, however, he received orders to continue on until other arrangements were made, and the news was received with great satisfaction. Mr. Kleemann was presented with two silver-mounted pipes as a token of esteem and respect, the chairman of the Board of Advice speaking in high terms of the management of the school and the progress made by the children,while several others also testified to Mr. Kleemann's worth and regretted that it should be thought necessary to shift so good a man. Mr, Kleemann suitably responded, and after games and dancing had been indulged in a very pleasant evening terminated. A young fellow was arrested at Meningie by M.C. Pyne for the alleged theft of a bicycle and was taken through here on his way to Adelaide. —♦— Bridgewater, February 2. Bushfires have been numerous around here lately. On Sunday week a large volume of smoke was seen in the direction of the Stirling East Cemetery, where a fire was found to be raging, but after travelling across some open country in burnt out near the 15th-milepost on the Echunga-road. Last Sunday the residents of Mount Lofty were engaged all day in fight- ing a fire which started near Waterfall Gully. On Monday another was discovered at Scott's Creek, about four miles from Aldgate, but it did very little damage apart from destroying some fencing. On Tuesday Bridgewater was visited by the fire-fiend, and several residents had to work hard to save their fences from being destroyed. This is the driest summer ever known in the district. The creek has been dry for three months, and water-carting is general. Rain is badly needed for the gardens, which are looking very dry. —♦— Lobethal, February 3. The weather keeps fearfully hot and dry— in fact the old residents say that they do not remember suoh a dry spell as we are now experiencing. Last week one of our oldest residents, Mr. A. Kumnick, passed away at a ripe old age. The deceased was best known in connection with church affairs, in which he always took a prominent part. The late Mr. Kumnick was reputed to be very wealthy, and much speculation is indulged in as to the amount he has left. —♦— Strathalbyn, February 3. The limelight exhibition given by Ensign Bensley, of the Salvation Army, in the insti- tute-hall on Thursday evening was wretchedly attended. The few who did patronize the show were well rewarded, however, the lantern being admirably worked and the slides excellent. The intense heat was to a large extent responsible for the sparse attend- ance. A greet deal of speculation has been indulged in locally as to the successful ten- derer for the mail contracts between here and Wellington. Competition was keen, and con- sequently prices were low. The difference between the contract now and when Messrs. J. Hill & Co. held it reads thus :—J. Hill and Co., £480; J. Jarvis, who takes the mail over on April 1, £98. The mails are now de- livered at East Wellington, so that the mail- man must ferry himself across. There is not much in mail contracts at present. Our local veterinary surgeon, Mr. W. S. Daniel, has just been successful in an opera- tion on a valuable cow belonging to Mr. Wil- liamson, of New Hamburg, which broke one of its forearms. Mr. Daniel set the limb, and the animal is doing splendidly. The Lynch Family of bellringers play here to-night. If the weather is as in- tensely hot as it has been of late I am afraid that, notwithstanding the great popu- larity of the company, the show will not be largely patronized. The ambulance classes are booming. Three new members joined the men's class last night, making a total of 28. The female class is. equally successful, and all the stu- dents are showing the greatest interest in the work. ======== 