That a heat wave seems to be rolling backwards and forwards over these western slopes. That the dust-atorms, and the bush fires which ever and anon break out to the wes'c, help to increase the miseries of Parkes mortals. That the two Armenian priests who went on a begging tour round Parkes recently seem to have taken up a tidy collection. That the local Council's policy seema to be one of u drift." That motions passed are left un heeded, while bye-laws are allowed to remain a dead letter. That George Harris' street-watering enterprise seems to have petered out. That . the innovation appeared to have been insufficiently appreciated by the business people, or at least not enough to induce them to pay for the work performed. That cattie continue to wander through the streets by night and by day at their own oweet wills. That several busy streets have also been turned into camping grounds. That not a drop of water from the waterworks should be drunk without first boiling it. That the mal-odors that arise from it at timeB, in the low levels, would stop a clocK. That the present season has been the worst on record for fruit trees. That H. J. Fletcher haa opened the political campaign in Ashburnham. That H. J. F. is now a Min gelo farmer—and was at one time traveller for Farmer and Co., of Sydney. That he appears to be an earnest student of politics and a conscientious fellow to boot, but he can't be termed a forcible speaker. That Senior-constable Stewart has been promised liberal support for Condoboliu. That the general opinion is that Messrs. Seymona and Brown will be a difficult pair to dislodge. That some of the settlers out Kamandra way are having the water laid on to their holdings. That there does not appear to be much interest taken locally in the forthcoming municipal elections. That Jack Banks has a useful string of ponies, in a winning Vein, in Sydney just now. That IVV Parker, the new post master, will prove a decided acquisi tion to Aiectown when entertainments are on the boards. That the Council ought to prevent the sanitary cart from being used in the day time, or take steps to have it thoroughly disinfected and deodorised. 