PUBLISHED EVERY TIUEDAY AND FRBIDAY. 16th Year. FRIDAY, JANUARY 13, 1899. The next few weeks will be big with possibilities, of good and evil, of failure and success, for the Australian cause. The colonies are accepting, as they could not help doing, the advances of Mr. Reid, as representing ieew South Wales, as bona fide, and there is every likelihood that at the conference to be held upon the rising of the Federal Council the Premierse of all the continental states and of Tasmania will discuss the position of the federal movement with a genuine desire to overcome what are present difficulties and hasten the consummation of union and the birth of Australian nationhood. Before this fateful conference meets the position is to be considered, in private, by the Victorian dele gates to the Federal Convention, who have been called together by the Premier. The reference of the matter to the delegates is distinctly wise. In the first place they repre sent Victoria, as none others do, in the matter of federation, and almost the colny will be prepared to be bound by whatever determina. tions Iheir patriotism, their experience and their knowledge prompt them to do. In the next they are, whilst as to details of the federal settlement they differ, all good and true men for union, enthusiasts for Aus tralian nationalism and animated by tried willingness to sacrifice much of personal conviction and of the interests they may be taken to voice in order that the lions that lie in the federal path may be removed. As to the Premiers' Conference, it is well that that is to be held. The several Prime Ministers are the trusted heads of their respective States, and any federal agreement to which they find themselves able to come will have a very excellent chance of ratification by the constituencies to which ultimately it must be submitted. Of course, what the Pre miers will do will legally bind no one, not even themselves. But the moral weight and influence of their conclusions it is simply im possible to over-state or over estimate. Every effort should be made-as every effort is being made--to permit of the effec tive representation of Queensland at the con ference. That, inasmuch as Queensland has so far not been an active participant in the federal movement, there are difficulties in the way of this has to be admitted. But these difficulties are not insurmountable ; they are not really even formidable. Inasmuch as they are surmountable they should be surmount&d;, and the Premier of Queensland should be ask to sit and discuss with the other Prime Ministers the federal issues, and to have an equal say with them in their determination. The whole question must now, ultimately, be submitted again to the peoples of the colonies, and there is no reason why Queensland should not be included in this sub mission, and (the necessary machinery having been provided by the local Parliament) invited to say whether the Fe leral Constitution as amended,and as approved (if it is so approved) by the hitherto disosenting colony of New South WVales, is one that it is willing to accept and be bound by. It is obvions that a federa tion including the great northern colony will be infinitely more powerful and influentialthan one from which it is excluded. It is.not only that suech a federation will include an additional colony: the main point is that it will embrace all of the Australian colonies will represent and stand for continental Australia, plus Tasmania. Relations between France and England con tinue strained, though, happily, there are not wanting indications of a relaxation of the acute tension of the poeast week or so. The French siewspapers are, of course, doing nothing in the way of pouring oil on the troubled waters; if the simile were changed they might be said to be feeding the fire with something very in flammable. They contend-and by the way the Continental Press, which accuses Great Britain of seeking to provoke France to war, is with them - that the publication of the now notorious Madagascar Blue Book was made with the deliberate intention, on the part of the British Government, to prevent the establishment of cordial relations between England and France and' a peaceful settlement of the: matters at issue. They call upon their Government to adopt vigorous measures to maintain the rights of the Republic abroad. and demand that tihe Chamber of Depities shall promptly vote a largely increased naval credit. It is pleasing, however, to be informed that the furious journalists are not officially inspired, that on the contrary the French Premier, M. Dupay, and his Minister of VWar, M. Deleasse, are both desirous of arriving at a friendly under standing with Great Britain upon all the pointsof difference betwen the two countries. Also there is being formed in Paris a National Union, which already includes in its memnber ship prominent politicans, journalists and university men, one of the objects of which is national pacification. The league will, it ray be stated, further interest itself to secure in ternal orderliness and the maintenance of dis cipline in the army. Incidentally it pledges itself to respect the decision of the Court ofCassation in the Dreyfus case. Most of what is written above is decidedly reassuring, as speaking of a maintenance of peace. On the other hand, the Paris Bourse is greatly de pressed, and the Paris work-people, panic stricken at what seems to them the proximity of war, are withdrawing the moneys they have deposited in the Savings Banks. In the Far East, toe, thinge are qoietening down. According to one report the Chinese Government, deferring to British and Ameri can protests, has definitely refused to extend the French jurisdiction at Shanghai; nccord ing to another France has withdrawn its demand for the exteneion. In either case the matter is happily settled. To Russia evidently the star of empire glitters in the East. There is, the cables tell us, ominous and feverish activity alike in naval and military circles. In Russian dockt yards work is being pushed on as if time were of the very essence of every contract in hand. The army authori ties are proceeding vigoroenly with the enrel ment of conscripts and the despatch of reinforcements to the East is being expedited. The Great Powers may yet contend, with mailed fists, for what they are teaching themo selves to look upon as their rights in China. There have been two all important develop ments in the Dreyfus trouble, the one ex pected the other quitesunanticipated. To the Commission sent by the Court of Cassation to Cayenne to examine him, Captain Dreyfus has denied that at any timne he made, to any one, a confession of his guilt, and has pro tested his innocence of the charges brought against him. The denial and proteotation were generelly anticipated. The surprise is the dramatic resignation of Is. Quesnay der Beaurepaire, one of the Presidents of the Civil Chamber of the Court of Cassation, who alleges that he can no longer be a silent wit ness of the irregularities that the Courts evident bias in favor of Dreyfun prompts it to commit M. de Beasrepaire declares that the Court has now in preparation a decision in Dreyfun' favor, against which he intends to protest. Not content with disassociating him self from them, the late President fiercely attacks those who until recently were his colleagnes, accusing them not only of partiality for Dreyfus, but, moot heinous crime of all, being wanting in respect for the army. Either the resignation may be the expreaston of virtuous indignation with a corrupt tribunal or it may be- something elds. 3M. de Blowitz, the usually well informed and reliable corres pondent of the 'Times" in Paris, deems it eomething else. In his opinion theresignation has for its sinister object the vitiation of the verdict ef the Court of Caseation before it is delivered. He goes se to describe the resigns tihen asd the discirsure ef .tlive dlliberanisn of thee COeert by selsicIs it waas arccolsanied as tise ,sst fl Iegranrf efll the DUeyfus ac seen-lol. M Je Bilaitz fesre thb-t France hsu bL Irer srnus o deal her survival of which is doeub:ful. Ties " Daily Newv" sees in M. Beaurepiire'o retire ment frms his Court a msove to invselve the I Government, wisich has so far steered a mn-eat judicious non-ceemusittal conrse, in the Dreyfus mass. There is little in life as serious -hiti it has not its heenorous aide. The French judge a s emubarcasing deperarure iae eaeestion to this) uale. He accuses his late colleagues of not I only treating Colonel Picquart with more consideration than was extended to the generals of the army examined by the court but-arrangingthat he shall he supplied with hot grog in prison. This accunsation certainly furnishes a relief of comedy for the very dark tragedy of the Affaire Dreyfus. It is sig. nificant that it is proposed to withdraw the cause celebre from the Curt of Cassation to the highest court of magistracy in France. Matters in the Philippines are looking very serious indeed. The Filipinos have barri caded Illo Illo, the houses of which they have saturated with kerosene in order that they may more easily and rapidly hoburn if the town is bombarded. All foreigners have taken refuge in the British cruiser Bonaventure, on board which, for safe keeping, the various banks have placed their treasure. Brigadier General Otis has been instructed not to resort to force, except in the last extremity, but rather to seek to persuade the insurgents into reason. These persuations have so far very evidently failed, as may be gathered from the fact that Aguinaldo, the robel leader, has pla carded the town with a threat to expel the Americans from the islands. The German residonts in Manila are explicitly sympa thotic with the insurgent islanders. This has greatly irritated Americans, and a senoator hai threatened to expose alleged intrigues be tween Germans and Spaniards and Germans and Filipinos. On the other hand the islanders have sympathizers in the States. One of these, Senator Mason, has proposed a motion declarning that the Americans should not at tempt to govern the Philippines without the consent of the Filipinos, and quite an infl:en tial party in Congress decl res hiome Rule for tho islands, on the most liberal scale, to be perfectly practicable. The "Imp.rial" policy of the Republicans of the United States has commanded the support of Mr. Croker, " boss" of the Democrats, from whoarn on this qoues-. tion he has separated himself. Senator Hoar, fronm M assachusetts, a prominent Republican, supports the motion moved in December by Senatoi Vest, from Misisouri, declaring that the American constitution for bids the Government to hold colonial posses sions,.inasmnch as it stipulates that all foreign territories acquired must be given ." the maie "territorial form of Government customary "heretofore within the country." Senator Hloare further asserts that under its constito tion the United.States cannot acquire calonies wvithout the consent of the people. Little wonder that this developmsnt has caused a profound sensation in the great family of Uncle Sam, the pro:nised expansi in of whose household threatens to be constitutionally flocked. It will itr seen by reference to the replrt in another column of its Tuesday's meeting that the Counc 1 of Agricultural Education brings what amounts to a very serious charge against the Vestorn Wimmera Irrigation and Water Supply Trust, which it accuses of interfering withexpurimontal work at Longerenong Col. loge and Model Farm by so long delaying the supply of water to it, as to nmke the water when supplied all hobut useless. The secretary to the trust, MIr. S. B. Bolton, J.P., is absent in Melbourne on vacation, but the trust on ;ineer, Mr. Percy Learmointh, when seen yes terday, by a representative of this journal, gave an emphatic -.ntl indignant denial to the charges. The facts of the case, as Mr. Learmouth states them, are that the season of 1807.-93, was the first in which the trust-which was then provided with a new pomlping plant at Dooen-was in a position to supply to the Longerenong property with sufficieat water for the irrigation of a hundred acres of larnd. Application far s much water was made twice, once before the trust was in a position to accede toit,anul oonelast yar.. Bie trusts dalt with the first application, and decided'that the water askad for shoall bi supplied, from year to year, when it was available, but refused the request of the Council of Agricultural E lucation to guarantea it a snpply for a long tern of ye ire. The C macil was infornsd of the trust's detereination, andlast year it again naskel if it cauld h we suffiient sater to irrigate a hsadrol acres this season. It was informal that it could, and that was the last commiesionors or theirenflfcershTiffciaflly-hEfd of the maItter. Certainly no application for water, such as is necessary, was made, either in writiag or verbilly, by either the conacil or its manger at Langerenoag, Mr Niven. About the middle of November [r. Niren, who, according to the complainlt of the coon cil, required the water in Otolbar, cat Mr. Learmonth, by ac ident, at the- trial of a field implemnmt, and casually asked him when the "water would be dosnva." Ir. Liatmonth replied" Nil yet a while I think,' adding that the chiansals, which had silted up, were not in a c snd lion to convey it. Nothing further was said on the mitler, then or at any time, althounh Mr. Learmonth was at the college and in conversation with the manager a few weeks later. fanus, according to- hir. Learmonth, the statement that the e ster was asked to bha supplied in October and was not supplied until December is hot cor correct. The supply in ide in December was of the water that has boon supplied to the propertyfor orchard irrigation for some years past. It is also obviously incorrect that, as Mr Graham alleged, the brust has for five years "fooled" the council as to water supply toi the Longerenong property. As a matter of fact, though to do so when none of the neighboring landowners were taking water, weald have involved the trust in loss, had the Council of Agricultural Education, or Mr.Niven, applied for the irrigation of 100 acres in, say October, commissioners would, under the special cir cumstances of the case, probably have stretehed a point and agreed to make the supply, thus doing in the interests of the college and farm what it has, this year, refused to do for landowners who have been its water customers for years past. Such a special concession would be willingly acquieseed in, as all will agree that the water required for the making of necessary experiments should be supplied to the farm. District grain growers are again reminded that the IHoraliam Agricnltural Society invites them to send*tI, the secretary, Mr. Leslie Smith, sample bags of wheat and oats, for ex hibition at the Greater Britain and Paris ex hibitions. Those proposing to exhibit will be pua to absolutely no expense in the matter. Since Monday it has bien beautifully cool. High winds prevailed on WVednesday and yes terday. It is feared thi t thesn will have harmed the unharvested wheat and have done damage in orchards and gardens. For the past month the Horsham Board of Health has had reported to it two cases of mealee, two eases of diphtheria, and six cases of typhoid. One vf the cases of diphtheria occurred just outside the borough boundary. The meeting of the Horsham Borough Council on Tucoday evening acs one oflthe shortest on recerd. All business due for trans action was disposed of in one hour and a quor tar. A day or so since the House Committee of the Horshani District Hospital and the Executive of the Carnival met in conference and disussed the propriety of utilising the funds held in trust for the provision of bonevo lent accoinmodation at the hlospital for the soaking of additions that would immediately serve for general hospital purposes and be sltimately available as a benevolent depart. ment. Acting upon a suggestion made re cently in. the 'Horsham Timni," the con ference decided that.nothing in the direction indicated should be done until the extent to which the Government is prepared to sub sidise the proposed benevolent ward is known. The hospital committee at its meeting on Tuese day endorsed this deterusination, but refused to act upon a suggestion that in the meantime it should mark out a site and have plans for a benevoleot ward prepared. Mr. Moon gave notice that at the next meeting of the com mittee he would move for the making of the additions to the nurses'qearters recoinmended recently by the medical officer. To the half- yearly meeting of the share holders of thie Horham Gas Company, to be hleld early ieet month. the directorate will loreelse ile eaymeent eif a dividend of li hl a ehase, equal to threa snd a half per cecat on the ievestoid capitol, for the half-year. Oneo Lyihoid case, a selous one, hna been admitted is the Hicrsham Distritt Hospital frem Nallinuk, and olo case iaf diphtheria fiism the town. Mee Ah Sing, an Acayriun hawker, 37 years of age, died in the hospital on Wednesday, from tuberculos~s. The Horsham Borough Council has now paid to the Railway Department the last instal ment, £181 6s Gd, due in respect of the cost of permanent way material supplied for the con struction of the borough tramway. Dr. Colquhoun has received a letter from, Dr. Ritchie, who writes that he is enjoying and greatly benefiting by his holiday. He ex pects to return to Horsharn by Monday night's express. Mr. H. B. Cathcart has been appointed honorary solicitor to the Horshamo District Hospital. Mr. Kruger's proposal for the increase of the salaries of the matron and nurses at the Horsham District Hospital has been referred to the Hous'e Committee, which is to report upon the salaries of all the members of the hospital staff. At a meeting of the committee of the Tatura Agricultural Society on Saturday it was decided to call a conference of all the agricultural societies in the colony for the pur pose of discussing thie bag question and the shipping of wheat in bulk. The conference will be held on 1(ith August, in the Melbourne Town Hall, and at its conclusion the Minister of Agriculture will be asked to assist the pro. ject. The conference will also further discuss the prospects of the Farmers' Co-operative Wheat Company, and the urgency of estab lishing a grain store for the Tatura farmers. The secretary was instructed to call a local public meeting of farmers for 23rd prox. to consider the formation of a company for the erection of a granary, as recomrmeonded by the Min.ister of Agriculture. The grubs, says the "Border Watch," are still making great havoc on our onion fields. Mr. Webster and others are now trying to get tihe better of them by employing boys to col lect them. Large numbers are thus being de stroyed. It is said the boys are mnaking good wages. They are paid at the rate of is per 1000 grubs. In a three-acre paddock belong ing to Mr. Case a fewse boys collected no less than 10,OCO on Thursday ! From 10 to 20 grubs are sometimes found around a single onion. At Warrnambool on Monday there was an adjourned sitting of the Licensing Court, con stituted by Messrs. M'Cormick, Johns and Rowan. The proceedings lasted about one minute. Messrs. Johns and Rowan had to travel from Ballarat and Stawell to constituto the court, the journeys to and fro occupying the best part of four days. Many wheat farmers in the Borung Shire have averaged up to four or five bags to the acre. Mr. Frederick York Welseley, brother of Lord Wolseley, inventor of the wool shearing machine bearing his name, on Monday died in England. For remarking to the Geraldton, W.A. bench "1 have never had justice from that bench, I am not getting justice now," Mr. F. Whitecombe, M.L.C., solicitor, was on Tues day, in default of apologising, sentenced to seven days' imprisonment. The sentence of death passed upon Lieu tenant Wark, of the Royal Artillery, WVool wich, for the murder of Jane Yates, his mis tress, by administering drugs for an illegal puspuse, has been commuted to one of- three years' imprisonment. The Khedive has expressed his admiration of Lord Crumer, British Minister Plenipo tentiary in Egypt, and his gratitude forjhe good work he has done in'pacifying the -Sou dan. The ordinary meeting of the A.N.A. was held on Tuesday evening. The balance sheet for the previous half-year and auditors' report were received and adopted. The balance sheet revealed the fact that the branch's various funds are in a most gratifying position. A communication was received from Mr. T. M. Burke (of the Board of Directors), signify ing his willingness to lecture before the branch on February 21st next. Mr. Burke's kind offer was accepted. One new member was elected. A system of wireless telegrrphy is being arranged between the four lightshipis off the Goodwin Sands, which are situated at an average distance of 5 miles from the coast ef Kent. flSome otha sheep on the Agricultural Coun cil's fares, Longerenong, must be of a very frisky charamcter, judging from a report fur nished by the manager of the farm to thescoun cil, at its.monthly meeting on Tuesday. Mr. Nisen espressed a fervent hope that thocouncil would get rid of the sheep, as they "jumped like kangaroos and burrowed like rabbits," the result being-that considerable damage was done to the fences. The sheep in question were described as crossbreds, and Mr. Yeo,' -who hias had considerable experience, suggested that they should be replaced by merinos. Subsequently, says the "Argus,"authority was given by the council for the purchase of 60 merino. - During 1808, 270,000 persons availed them selves of the provisions of the Imperial Vacci nation Act recognising conscientios; objec I tions to vaccination. Dr.- Moeniclih, a. meteorologist, and Dr. Ehlert, both ofel Strasburg, have been killed by an avalanche: in the Susten Pass, near.Uri, Switzerland. -- - The Emperor William, ot Germany, has quite recovered from the inflamed throat from which ho was suffering. At a farm the other day, near WVarrackna - beal, where a seizure of the stock was being made by creditors, knives and revolvers were brought into requisition, and, although not used, were flourished about pretty liberally, The creditors beat a retreat witho.rt tie stock. The victorious debtor was a woman. Several farmers in thu northern part of Vic toria have written to the Minister of Agri culture suggesting that as the Allora spring wheat had proved most suitable for groving in dry districts, he should get a quantity of seed of that variety from New Sooth Wales or Queensland for the purpose of selling it to Mallee farmors. Mr. Taverner has taken ad. vantage of the presence of the Ministers of Agriculture for those colonies in Melbourne, to ascertain the quantity of that seed avail. able for purchase, and the lowest price for which it is likely to be obtained. Several complaints have reached us from sub scribers stating that theirpapers do not come to hand by the first mail after publication. The fault does not lie with this office, and we will be glad ii subscribers will at onc coum musicats with us, so that enquiries may be made as to the cause of the delay. The half-yearly social in connection with the Horsham Branch of time- Victorian Railway Mutual Association will be held in the Mechanico' Hall this evening. The Geelong wool sales re-open after the holidays to-day. The Geslong Chamber of Commerce has de clared for the HIopotoun route i-'r thu Mildura railway line. Ox TirE ESI~ rAce ef this issue will be fosad Scasltiousal Exp~erience Is a Train, Do structive Fire at Glenorciry, Hamilton Stock Heport and other matter. On the fourth page will be foundlorsham Borough Council, Dis trict Nesvs, (inclusing news items from WVar racknabeal, Ararat, Stasell, Nhill, Hamilton and Minsysip), and other interesting reading matter. Mr. Barrio, dentist, may be consulted at the WVhire eart Betel to-day, and alas on Tuesday and Wednesday next. Tenders are invited for the supply of 25 cords of firesood for the Horsham Butter Factory. Messer. Meon and Sinclair, general store. kehler, intinate tlust they are cash buyers of wheat and all kinds ci dairy produce. Mr. Dripps, of the Australian Boot Palace, directs attention to his goods by advertise. ment on page four. The Itolseay Department again invite ton ders foe lisa supply of sleepers, in lots ci 20i0. The prelimuinary deposit is 10s for each 200 tendered for. In addition to their usual weekly sale of I etoek, Mleosro. Young Bros. will hold a vale ci first-rises furniture at the HIorshans yards to-merrow. Attention is directed to the advertisement of Mr. Chas. Lea, of the Cash Boot Palace, t Leather and Grindery Warehouse, Firebrace street. *Parcels fer the following are awaiting do livery at the H~orebram rnilway station r Baird, 1 tllsrsoil, Dnff, 11laherly Levitt, Miller ad: Ui., M'Auley, aleulley, Iu!, Ryen, Tucker, a Wiemser. Acceunts are awaiting piyment at the Hor aham asub-Treasury :-ti. U. Crouch, A. Sin clair, H. McKenzie, H. B. Mitochhe, J. Carroll, R. Race, W. HuRhbrosk. lArapiles b Shire Council, and florsham United Gas Co, a Limited, a Mr. W. T. Shanasy, dentist, willvisit Hor sham on Tuesday. January 24th, and may be consulted at the Royal Hotel. A land board willbe held at Horsham on the 24th January. Monday next is the last day lponowhich set. can pay their license fees. ayment must be made at the Sub-Treasury, Horsham. Mr. Alfred Maides, piano and organ tuner and repairer, is now in Horsham. Orders left at Culliver's Hotel will be attended to. On Monday the heat at Warracknabeal reached 108 in the shade. The local residents are agitating for theo Government to purchase a 3000 acre paddock of Tyson's Heyfield Estate, splendid dairying Inud, and make it available, in blocks under the provisions of thoCloser Settlement Clauses of the Land Act. Mr. McLean, M.P. is sym pathetic. The Ameer of Afghanistan is reported to be so ill that he cannot live much longer. Count Knrolyl, attachd to the Austrian Esm bassy in London, member of a distinguished Hungarian family, on Monday shot hliinself dead. Tihe cause of the suicide was ill Ihealth. Mr. James Dfenzies, of Jeparit, Ihas been appointed a Justice of the Peace for the Western Bailiwick. The Rev. F. Boyling, of Warrnambool, Bap. tist minister, has josed tihe Church of Eng land, and is likely to be appointed to a cuoracy in Ballarat. The Rev. Leslie Durno, incumbent of St. Paul's Church of England, Port Pirine, has commnitted suicide by lhanging. Insomnia and troubles with a section of his congregation are said to be tihe causes. Mr.s Noonan, who was seriously burnt so a bushfire at a railway gate house on the 1it more line, on Monday, died on Tuesday. James McGovern, who courageously tried to save her, is in a dangerous condstion. Publications Received. - The " Warrnanm bool Standard "Almanac and Tourists' Guide for 1899 is to hand. It is replete with dis trict information,and as a guide to the district of which WVarrnamobool is the centre leaves nothing to be desired-Thu "A'ustralian and Vignerons Journal" for January has boeen issued. It continues to admirably fulfil tihe purpose of its publication.-Tho " Rambler" is a now illustrated comnic joursal pnblished in Melbourne. The first number indicates that the new publication is likely to be good of its kind, brightly written and creditably illus trated. Its nimn is thus modestly set out by the editor, " If it raises a laugh-and incideu tally its circulation-it will have achieved its saim."-The "Australian P.,storalists Review" for lecember is an inoteresting and attractive ,iumbsr, tihe heavier reading being relieved by interesting and brightly written tales and sketches. featoures of the number are eshauls tive roviews of tihe pastoral situation every where, and profusely illustrated accounts of properties, studs. etc, in Australia and New Zealand.-" Art and Advertising " is a practi mcal journal for business men-for advertisers and those about to be or who should be adver tisers-issued monthly by Ingram and Co., of Melbourne. Thelittle journal ably insists upon the importance, nay tihe necessity to business success, of judicious and generous advertising, and should plove invaluable to advertisers by showing them how bestto spend the money they devote to making themsnelves and thoir con cerns known to the world. 