THE SOUTHERN DISTRICTS. OUR WEEKLY NEWS-BUDGET. Milang Races to-morrow. Is Echunga to broom"11 second Kimberley P The Bondleigh Bechabite picnic is an nounced to be held on Wednesday, February 22\. . flair-yearly meeting of t.ie Mount Barker Dairy Produce Company next Tuesday esening. The Government hare repurchased some 900 acres -if land for homestead blocks ut Forest Range. The Murray steamers are being kept very busy just now, hslt-a-doxen boaLe being engaged in eonreyiug wheat io the Murruy Bridge and M annum mills. Wednesday was the 140tb birthday of Robert Burns. On our fourth page a correspondent lies something to say in mianer to tho charges of plagiarism proferred against Scul laud's bard in an article published in the Courier sums months ago. The fire which occurred at Cro' Nest, Mount Barker, yesterday afternoon wus not a very serious affair, the only results being soium burnt grass and hedges, a little mild excitement, and a conjuring up 0f rerni nisaauces of bushflres and conflagrations generally. The Prince of Wales Lodge hate not yet accepted a tender for the alterations to the inatuuio hall at Mount Barker, but committee has been appointed for the purpose, and at a meeting to be held this evening a decision will probably be arrived at. Southern institutes were thus represented at the convention hold in Adelaide last week - Crafevs, Mr. R. D. Hanson; Stirling West Mr. W. H. Milford; G-oolwa, Mr. W. h! Carpenter, M-P-i Mount Barker, Mr. w! Rossi s Milane, Mr. W. Russell j and Man num, Mr. R. Homburg, M.P. The diphtheria scare has kept a great many people away from the Southern watering, places this summer. Dr. O'Lcary lias informed the Central Board of Health thai the sanitary arrangements are far from satisfactory at Victor Harbor, and he recommends tile appointment of a competent inspector at a liberal salary. If the seaside resorts are to be kept popular a proper syalem of sanitation should be established without delay. The Mount Barker courthouse was well filled on Tuetday morning, but the orowd gut very little fun out of the proceeding*. The oeee wbiob occupied the greatest time was an information for riotous behavior against u Halmdorf resident, who although rigorously protesting his innocenoe of the charge of fighting and posing as an ill-used individual, supporting his statements by tha evidence of numerous witnesses, was fined for his pugilistic proclivities. The number of electors entitled to vote in the Mount Barker district at the next general elections is 3962, there bariug been additions of auroral hundreds to the roll since the oun teet in May lest. The voting itrength at eaoli polling place is as follows:—Strathalbyn, 676; Mount Barker, 1063; Echunga, 251; Macclesfield, 256; Milang, 262 ; Langhorne's Creek, 186; Wellington West, 45; Hahndorf 289; Woodchester, 171; Stirling East, 644; Mylor, 178; and Queen's Own Town, 44. George Manton, the alleged American pedestrian, who was imprisoned for fraud by the Port Adelaide Police Court on Wednes- day, victimized several Southern residents when coming through these districts some weeks ago. Mrs. Hair, of Kanmantoo, changed a valueless cheque for £3 10s. for him on December 24, while the landlady of one of the Nairne hotels lost £1 7s. in unpaid board and lodging, and a man in the same township lent the wanderer 10s., which of course was never returned. It is probable that Manton will be brought to Nairne to answer these charges. Mr James Stewart, head teacher of the Meningie public school, who has been trans- ferred to Coomooroo, was tendered a farewell social before his departure from the lakeside township. Mr. F. E. Hyde, who presided, referred to the great assistance Mr. Stewart bad rendered to the Anglican Churoh sa lay-reader. Mr. M. Linn apoke on behalf of the Board of Advice, Mr. J. Williams for tbe Athletio Club, and Mr. W. J. Botten for the institute, whilst e number of otbors. oomplimented Mr. and Mrs. Stewart for the interest tbey had taken in matters psrtuiniug to the welfare of the township. —♦— (From Our Own Correspondents.) Woodside, January 25. Last week was marked by heavy winds and rain, and tbe weather prophet Giddont ssored again, as be .hid procnoatiested ibis, Tbe wind knocked a lot of fruit off tbe trees, but one market gardener from the Tiers informed me tbit tbe rain did more good than tbe wind did damage. This weather bat delayed tbe tail end of tbe (tripping, some paddocks being yet unfinished, while in come eases the golden grain is still laying outside with tbe winnower alongside, waiting for a propitious time for cleaning. Lett Saturday one of our storekeeper* met with retber a severe disappointment. Just as be had sat down to tea be beard tfie tramp ling of many heavy-shed feet into bis store, whiob seemed to herald the approach of a big rush of customers. Hastily bolting some food and gulping down some scalding hot taa and arranging bis face into its most per suasive smile, be hurried off into the etore, tbe pun of tbe ootid being forgotten in gloriout visions of resultant profits which migtat mean tbe epending of a happy week at the seaside. On arriving in tbe (hop what was bis surprise to tee nothing human there, but merely a pony wandering round, earnestly sampling different kinds of grain, baring suc cessfully navigated'its way through a tortuous channel of hardware to tbe desired haven. Immediately realizing that a sudden obarge would mean damage to stock, tbe storekeeper adopted persuasive measures antil tbe door was reached, when bia bottled-np wrath and unrealized expectations found vent in a ter rific "shoo" end eaprcesive language and a growl against tbe Government. —♦— Strathalbyn, January 26 I am glad to see thet tbe services of tbe swimming. instructor* are being well taken advantage of. The average attendance is much lsrger then wis anticipated, and the improvement exhibited by tbe l'ads ho* been so greet that in many oasos the belt ha* bean diipensed with. A dressing liouae has been built, and by special request a girls' elau has bean formed. Their first lesson in the art of natation will be given on Monday after noon nest, and if their perseverance is equal to that of the boys those who initiated this movement will have ample cause for self gratification. Strathalbyn, like every other town of any importance, has, I suppose, to put up with the petty but estremely annoying acts of hoodlums. What pleasure these creatures derive from tampering with the pillar-boxes it is bard to imagine. Still they do so, and it is not an infrequent occurrence that the morning mail ia delayed through the lock of the pillar being blocked. The offender, if detected, can rely upon severe punishment. —♦— Palmer, January 21. We have had very cool weather within the last fortnight, and about a third of an inch of rsin fell on Tuesday and Wednesday last. Wheel is now being delivered in fair I quantities. Miss Kate McInnes, who was seriously burned at the bushfires a fortnight ago, is still very ill, and it is feared that some of the sinews have been permanently injured. Much sympathy is felt for the young lady, who is well known in the district. My statement of a few months ago that the [ local stock market wee gaining in popularity : has been amply verified by tbe success of the ' sales held siuee. This week's msrket has been | especially successful, realizing about £400. There was a capital attendance of buyers, and I a large amount of stock was disposed of. Mr. H. C. Mengersen sold 900 sheep, and the prices realized wereStore lambs, 5s. 10d.; store wetben, 7s. 6d.; fat sheep, 9s. fid. There would have been a ready sale for 2000 or 3000 mora sheep. Thirty head of oattlc, springing, averaged £4, and farm-grown steers £810s., while pigs (slips) went from 7s. to 10s. —♦— Blggs's Flat, January 21 The late heavy raius have been much appreciated by everyone, the ground having been greatly in need of a thorough soaking. Tanks and waterbolet also were either dry or very near it, eo that it has done maeh good to tbe housewife, who eo carefully measures oat her last few gallons of rainwater. Harvesting operations as a rule had been completed before tbe rain set in, but tbe un fortunate onei have now been blessed with eome good drying days, and the threshing ebonld be completed. Veiy good results have been obtained ell round for this years crops, both jo *h«*t end pew. The fruit crop is also a little source of revenue. Flams are in abundance, es well as pears, whilst apples are not scarce. The onion end potato crops ore turning out satisfactorily, so that we hare very little cause to grumble and can afford to prnotioslly show our sympathy with the poor Northern farmers. The recent derelopmenti in mining in this district bare caused much conversation and, 1 might add, consternation. The find in the old Warrakilla mine by Mr. Bell, though nana too greet at present, it a healthy sign for the owner, and helps to prose how erroneous it is to throw oser a good mine—of which we liure several—after auriferous signs have disappeared for a while. The diamond fields are gaining favor again, though too many people ere null a little sceptical as to the real value of the precious gems which lie ' —and have lain—unnoticed in our midst. I understand that Die district council hose at last token over our chief quarry and art1 now busy putting it into thorough working ordor. When completed it will be s great boon to contractors and others. 