Mutual Help. THE "QUEENSLANDER" WOMEN'S CLUB. "Delphia" thanks "Thelma" for her kind letter and offer oil help for our club. Some dozen of our working members have gone South for the summer, and others are at the seaside. A little fresh help will, there fore, be needed, especially near Christina* time. This vcek several addresses are sent to " Tbtflava." lor approval, and a few ncox sary particulars. " ThelmaV remark in her letter about the M.H. Club not finding supporters in Brisbane is easily explained. She writes :—" Now, I could scarcely con ceive it possible that any Queensland, and, above all, Brisbane, woman could be ignor ant of the good work done by you on the club. Tour work causes more happiness, and serves to brighten homes in a really practical way. 'Thelma' would like to know, through your columns, whether it progresses as well as when first begun. I look for ward to your letters discussing this Boer- British war, which I sincerely trust will sooa* be over" To very few of the many Brisbane subscribers and friends who visit the office " Delphia" has mentioned the M.H..C. for several reasons. First of all, most town wttroen have their own special charities anl tcrisioners. Secondly, most women of intelligence and gool standing be long to town committees of ln-VOeticas, .hos pitals, homes, temperance societies, &c.; They work conscientiously and give much. Thirdly, " Delphia" does not look for intense sympathy from town folk who have never lived far away in the bush—have no idea of what a bush-fire means, or a merciless drought, insect pests, loss of cattle, and a hundred and one ills which the long-suffering people of the bush are heirs to. When these questions are discussed the ridiculous ques ttone townsfolk ask nearly put one cut of patience. One town member said the other ; day : " The reason horses were infested with tide <waa bbcauee bush people neglected to groom them every day !" Another wiseacre said the squatters deserved to suffer from drought " because they would not go in for scientific irrigation." So our. Mutual Help Club works upon bush lines only, and has worked well ; Taut most of the letters received are marked "Drlyate," and deal only with [ family matters. Another correspondent this week writes!— !" I never knew before how many kind people there were in the world. I only wish I, too, could help you, but we are very far out in the bush." These extracts from letters received this we* are given as evidence that the Inter est in our M.H. Club is not waning, only the work hi increasing, and as there are more friends needing help, and fewer work ing members on account of aJbeence during summer montho, so the missives to families may be fewer, and perhaps not so frequent. 