mmmm [?] twe--av6bfllaaas/ '?:%£ ?'. %: _ai&li6ed; ; ylmtv^be: reply, see^eaLtd.have the idea that^ppjiy foip&ts; ^yi^ding timber, of . economic /.use;. were '.' .of importance^ While -woodlands, shrubs, ;and scrubs were of no account whatever. Bnt this is -not jso. Too . much stress cannot be laid on the fact that so far as the coolins effect ubon: the country is concerned, as well as the conservation of the fertility of the soil, it is just the shrubs and scrubs of no economic 'Value which., conserve the conditions jarhich enable' the others to subsist in our climate, for the latter are constantly in; danger of becom ing utterly destroyed under stress of cir cumstaneeR and over large areas. It is the unsavory and poisonous .plants,, neither eaten by stock nor most other animals, or wanted by; man, which prepare and enrich tne soil xo'r thoEe more delicate ones that are wanted. If both classes tfe. destroyed the soil soon becomes so dried out, salt saturated or fugitive, that nothing can grow. -Will that pay better than a timely self-restraint of profitseek ing? That different opinions so largely dominate is wholly due to insufficient study and consideration of all points. _.:.Our miniature forests, the so-called mallee scrubs, are one .of the wonders of Aus tralia, and. have, I think, nowhere their equal in having rendered soils fit for car rjring such woody, foliage plants, in pro fusion. When once thoroughly eradicated no power on earth will be able to reestab lish anything as good or, perhaps; any . thing at all, 'after a few decades. For by mutual shelter these humble eucalypts, -&c;, have succeeded in sending their roots down through such great thickness of por ous soil, which when once dried to consider able depth will hold no inoisture, so that no tree or plant will be able to send its roots again to the bottom moisture and coolness. Therefore, measures should be taken to re tain extensive ^jarts fsom which, to stock adjoining lands when exhausted. Plant ing on bare ground will not succeed, . how ever planting other and better species may succeed in portions immediately after partly clearing or thinning out. Another mistake the public seems to labor under is, that coniferous trees will be a profitable plantation investment. Thev may do very well for a time, but a bushfire will sweep them off completely, the older the more effectively, and that danger is always present with us in the greater part of the year. Our nativ eucalypts are resistant in that respect, as are scarcely any other trees. in the world, together with most other indigenous shrubs. The conservation of our wood lands in their natural state and their spon taneous growth should be the principal aim, coupled with the interspersion, where possible, of taller, economically valuable timber. Gradual improvement, not whole sale clearing and replanting, should be the rule, not the exception as now. Again, the grazing of stock is just as destructive to woodlands as cultivation, only slower, and also as exhaustive to the soil. It should be only permitted at intervals of years, even where the trees and shrubs are tall enough, to enable the ground to regain its mellow constituency, lost by the heavy tread of stock. Forests and wood lands are the savings bank of every coun try, and not only that, but literally the creators of the condition under which they and every other kind of plant can exist or prosper. Their economic main tenance demands that not only a few kinds of 'useful' and large trees be grown, but as great a variety on the same ground as possible. Heat and drought of air and soil demand the mutual help of variety of the great and the small. — I am. &c.; A CONSTANT SUBSCRIBER. 