HTxfK. ftgx \- U . r " fAa" USUI?? smm « /. Champion for the Country. — jallukar. Dear_ Aunt Connie — I have seen tae arguments, in the .Children's Page about Town ,v. Country, . and have, read the disparaging remarks made hv-nnr- town cousins, and as I reside In the country, I 'felt that I witild like to champion it. I do - not think that what "A Lover, of Children'ksaid about a country, boy's life, is often the ease. He has not always to -milk the cows.' More often there is someone else, per haps an elder brother, wfio performs that task. Now I will write about something else. As to the cheapness of living, for instance. here is no comparison, for in the country you have your trn eggs. wood and -water, -fiu.t and vegetables . -for'Ute'-growlngj ryith -sheepTbr meat;- and" th'en \bece-are the eaws; who give mltk, cream, and : butter, l -doinot think, wben there afe balf a doen or.mqre eqws in milk, .there is any ne- cessity .Ior a country boy to liave merely bread and-jam. for lunch. . . There, are.also bees, Every country house, -or most of them, -have at least .one swarm, so they can also have honey; and, in many cases I know, the mothers make the boys sandwiches, cakes, and buns;. and. I think there are many, town children who would not de- :spiSe such -fare. I think I need hardly de scribe to you the ;steaming plates of porridge, with. new milk, the- abundance of freslv-eggs, cream, jams, and butter, and hot meat, what ever kind is to hand, which are on the' break fast table. I do not think there would be so much pleasure In " looking at flow ers in a - florist's shop -as I And in our garden, where there are. flowers in profusion in the beds, and creepers growing up the verandah, such as passion-flower and the golden honeysuckle; whilst nestled amongst the foliage is a dear little blue wren's nest. It Is delightful to see the trusting way in which the little birds come hopping about the door, and to hear their sweet trillings in the shrubs close by; whilst outside of all are the Wattles, with their feathery leaves' and golden blossoms, to whidh' flocks of parrots come, their beautiful plumage flashing across the branches. Then, what is more picturesque than the scene when you stand on the banks of a river, the tall gum trees waving overhead, their shadows reflected in the clear water below, where the wild. bul rushes grow and fishes are sporting about. Then look farther up the stream, where the black swans and mountain ducks are diving in the water, or sailing lazily on its smooth surface, whilst the rugged mountains, with their ever- varying lights and shades form a fitting back ground. And all these things combined tend to make one of nature's most beautiful pictures! One of our town cousins spoke about the bush- fires, snakes, and reptiles. There are, no doubt. Eome cf these: but I am sure they are not so bad as the drinking and gambling places in - towns. And the bushfires. although they do some harm also do good, destroying a great deal of rubbish and vermin. But 1 must not make Ibis letter too long, so I will conclude.— From your loving niece, Christine Feodore Sclierger. Well done, Christine.— Uncle Ben. An Indignant Country Girl. — Nov. 18th, 1899. —Dear Aunt Connie, — It Is a long time since I wrote to you. I cannot listen to my town cousins running down the country children. The country is far better than the town. My town cousin says that we have a long way to go to the shops. The people in the country have no occasion to be running every day shopping. When they do go they bring home enough to do for three or six months. They do not go for one ounce of starch, or 3,tlb of sugar, or %lb of tea or one pennyworth of vegetables to make soup. I was in town about 12 months ago. I was in a shop buying fruit, and a little girl came in for one pennyworth of vegetables to make soup. The country children get plenty of bacon and eggs, cabbage, turnips, ear- tots, parsnips, and potatoes. Th-:y can eat as much as they like. If Rio farmers' boys do get up in the morning early they have plenty of time to clean their boots and plenty of blacking to put on their boots. They have not to run about the markets to see what they can pick up, like the town boys. The country boys don't go about the wharves at nigbt to try to get shelter. The country people are not afraid to leave their doors unlocked, and they are not afraid of their houses being robbed, or cf street larrikins at every corner. And an other thing — we are net annoyed listening to the cry of "Wild rabbits! Wild rabbits! Wild rab bits! Fish O." That's one blessing! We country folks can get plenty of rabbits and hares to feed our dogs on. We won't get the AiiAn«4 nn M Irt rv \€tCi f rflhlltf T713JI. I ffi" main, your country niece, age 14 years- -N. N. Another Good Contribution. — Hayfold, via Wyalong West, Nov. 4th, 1S99. — Dear Aunt Connie,. — I am sending back, iqy collecting card, with the amount I have collected, L2 2s. I would have liked to have collected more,. but I will try and do better next time,. I have a little niece since I last wrote: Her name is Gladys Marian. We- are all very proud of her. Dear Aunt Connie, shall I get my Legion of Honor- Certificate? . Please publish the names of the kind, givers. With love to Cousins Connie and. Florrie, Uncle Ben, and yourself, I remain, your affectionate niece — Gracie Nielsen. (Yes. Gracie. Y'ou have done very well.— Aunt Connie.) Favorite Books. — Fyansford. . November 19th, 1899. — Dear Aunt Connie. — I am writ ing to lliank you for the certificate you sent me. It is very nice, and mother is going to frame it for me. The Fyansford Bridge is nearly finished. I will tell you the names of some of my favorite books. Here they are : "Bar riers Burned Away." "Fern's Hollow," "Mtlll- eent Simonds," Ellen Montgomery's books, "Help," and "Honor Is My Guide." I have read 'Tn His Steps." and all tha Sheldon series, and they are very interesting. My brother Percy some time ago left bis hand line in the river all night, and when he went down to it in the morning there was an eel on it two" and a half feet long and four inches thick. It was so heavy that he could hardly carry it home. He also found a goldfinch's nest In the hedge in our garden, with six eggs in, and ho waietd till the bird set on them, and she hatched four goldfinches. When they were feathered, my father put them in a cage, : but while doing so one got away. The old birds come and feed them through the cage, and they have fed them for a fortnight. In a few days wc shall bring them up and feed them on grain. My sister Daisy has a flower garden, in wlii.ch are two rows of pansies, and the 'other day 'we' counted two hundred and fo.rty blossoms pn them. I- have a red holly hock six feet high, and some other pretty flowers. Percy has collected about one hun-" dred sparrows' eggs. I have a bed of violets, as that is. my favorite flower, and I used to. pick over three hundred violets off them at a. time. 1 will close, with love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, I remain, your loving niece,— Violet Carroll. ' A Terrible Storm.— Horsham, Sloss street, November 13th, 1899. — Dear Aunt Connie,— I- am returning my collecting " card with the amount ofXI 3s. I hope it will help to restore seme little child back; to health and strength. We had a fearful storm at Horsham on Mcn- day, the fith of November! The storm 'n- mcnced In the .afternoon. . We heard a ipng peal of distant thunder, which lasted a quar ter of an hour. We. then had a few hailstones- ahout' the size of peas. The hailstones grew: larger and- larger .till they were as big as saucers. When they fell to the ground they broke into splinters. They gradually de- c ased in size until they got as large as pigeon's eggs. These did the most damage, for they cut the fruit off the trees, and de stroyed the flowers and plants. Then the hail-' stones stopped ! together, f in twenty minutes -j there Fell .83 points of rain.' We had junt come home from school before, the storm .commenced, and It was lucky for us to be. in under shelter before it began. Before we heard that peal of .distant thunder the sky grew dark and angry-looking, and we noticed in the northern part of the sky a peculiar sulphur-green cloud, shaped like a'funnei, going up to the sky, and another blackish cloud was coming from the sky, and floating in between them a fleecy looking cloud was seen. This fleecy cloud rested on the cemetery. Mama stood out on the verandah as It she were drawn by seme Ir resistible force towards the clouds. We thought my sister Hazel would go- into convulsions again. Mama had to come in when she saw the glass flying about. We had four panes of g/ass broken in the back rooms, as well as two large holes made in the roof. The gal vanised iron tank was veiy na.liy damaged by the hail-stones. Papa had built a new fer nery of bamboo blinds, and this and the old fernery also were badly cut up. A lot of plants, as well as the pots, were destroyed. Connie and little Florrie should have seen the magnificent display of lightning we had at night after the storm. When the storm came on in its full force, people took all sorts of queer shelters. One man put ills head under small culvert, and left his body at the mercy of the storm. Other people went down cellars, while others got under beds. I will never rorgot that day as long as I live. I think I have given you enough about that storm, so I will now tell you about the Wesleyan pic nic. It was held at the Bungaily Creek. It was a great success. After dinner we had races. I came fourth in a girls' race, and got a silver-plated boot. All the children who be longed to the Sunday school got a prize. I would have liked to have collected more for the sick cliildren, but somebody else was round before me. Will you please publish the list of the names of the subscribers. I hope to send you some cheerful news next time. I must now close this letter, with love to Cousins Connie and Florrie, Uncle Ben, not forgetting yourself, 1 remain, yours truly,— Ivy Ashwin. (You have given a very good description of the storm.— Aunt Connie). Gone to Western Australia. — Thouglila, No vember 15th, 1899. — Dear Aunt Connie, — I am sending back my collecting card, with the amount collected, LI 2s, and I hope it will help to benefit some of tho poor sick children. I would have sent it sooner only I wanted to get the guinea. They are trying to get a Cottage Hospital in Corryong, which is the nearest township to Thoughla. The anniver sary of the church was held on Monday, and a very successful tea meeting and concei 't were I held in llie evening. Since I last wrote to vou we have had a new teacher— Mr Arundel. Miss Frederick, our last teacher, has gone to Wes tern Australia. With love to all, I remain, your loving niece,— Daisy M'Kenzie. (What you have sent will help nicely, Daisy.— Aunt Connie), Would Like to Visit Melbourne. — Hamilton, November 17th, 1899.— Dear Aunt Connie, — I am sending you my collecting card, with the amount of 21s lid. I am sorry I could not collect more for the Cot, but I have been in service ever since I got the card, and I had to collect what I could in my spare time. I am sorry I kept tile card so long. 1 hope you will publish the list of names in "The Weekly Times. I am thinking of going down to Melbourne at Christmas, if I can possibly do so. With love to yourself aud Uncle Ben, I remain, your affectionate niece associate, — E. Williams. (You have made good use of your spare time. — Aunt Connie). Sad Death of a Little Girl. — Delegate River, November Sth, 1899. — Dear Aunt Con nie, — I am sending in my collecting card with th6 amount collected, L2 3s 3d, which wiii help some little sufferers. I am sending a list of the names of those who gave, so that you may publish them in the paper. One little girl named Katie Jones has died since she gave me sixpence on the card. It was a very sad case. She had a swelling fn the throat, and it burst and choked her. Mother is paying for the postal note. Yours truly,— Colin Mor rison. (Y'ou have made a good collection, Colin.— Aunt Connie). Ten in a Family.— Moyhu South, 18lh Nov.— Dear Aunt Connie,— This is tho first time I have written to you. I hope to become one of your many nieces. I have six brothers and three sisters. My father has been taking "The Weekly Times" for three years. 1 like read ing the "Young Folks' Page" very much. I am nine years old, and in the fourth class at school. We have one mile and a quarter to walk to school. The narrow gauge railway line- runs within sight of our door. I will tell you something about the nearest township. There are three stores, a hotel, a blacksmith's shop, a butcher's shop, a creamery, and a post of fice. I think I will try to collect a little for the Cot. Please send me a collecting card. With love to Cousins Florrie and Connie, not forgetting yourself and Uncle Ben, I remain your would-be niece,— Maud Wheeler. Fond of Drawing.— Longford, Fair View, 16th Nov.— Dear Auut Connie,— I am sending back my collecting card with the sum of LI 2s 6!£d. I am sorry I could not get any more, but there were two other cards besides mine In the district. Most of the people I asked gave me something. We have forty-one ducks and eleven little turkeys. We live five miles out of Sale, and I go torthe Mechanics' Institute to learn drawing. I like it very much. In spring time the wild flowers come out and leok very pretty, and we go out and pick them. Ami entitled to a certificate? I remain your affec tionate niece, M. Oliver. JY'es, dear, and you well deserve it.— Aunt Connie. People Very Kind. — Yarragon, 18th Nov.— Dear Aunt Connie,— I am returning my col lecting card, with the amount I have collected, Ll 4s fid. Father is giving me a cheque for the amount, with Cd added for exchange. The people were very kind, nearly everybody gave me something, and I did not get an offer un der fid. Am I not entitled to a certificate? Our teacher. Miss Montgomery, went away a while ago, to see her mother, who was very HI : she came back again last Thursday, and we were all very glad to see her. I am in the third class at school. With love from your affec tionate niece Millicent H. Calvert. Y'ou have mad'e a good collection, Millie, and a" certificate will be sent to you.— Aunt Con nie. -Burnt Out of House and Home. — River Bank, Chetwynd, Nov. S. — Dear Aunt Connie,— I am sending back my collecting card, with the amount I have collected, Ll 2s. I kept it a long time, but I wanted to get as much as pos-' sible. I would have collected more, only one of our neighbors got burnt out. It was a sad Bight to see the poor people's little home getting burnt, and all they had in it. They are col- lecting some money to bnlld them gnotfaet house. . They have collected about L15 for - .them aircady. 1 hope they will get some more for tljcm. Wo were going to' have a picnic, hut we cannot have it now till Easter. Christ mas is drawing near, and I hope the poor little children in the hospital will have a roast tur- key and a big plum pudding for dinner. I will send them some Christmas c-ards. Please am I entitled to a Certificate? Please publish the names of the kind people who gave. Mr Stewart - is paying for the postal note. With love to alb I ahi, your loving oicce— Flora Hole, Chetwynd. Cape Barren Geese. — Dear Uncle Ben, — We have had a lot of rain lately, and it has made the grass grow beautifully. We have got two swans and two Cape Barren geese,. and also a lot of ducks, such as mountain ducks, bluewlng ducks, teal ducks, white ducks and black ducks. They look so pretty swimming on the "water, es pecially the swans. The Cape Barren geese have got three little young ones. They are such pretty little tilings, with black stripes down their back. We have thirteen dogs and live puppies. We take our dinner out nearly every Saturday, and we used to get about 90 or 100 rabbits a day, but now w;e only get 20 or 30. Father gives us a penny for each little rabbit tail and twopence for a big tall. YVe keep tho tails to let father know if we get a big rabbit. I hope to see this letter in "The. Weekly Times." I remain, your new. friend— Stanley Mack. A Prflffu Volcvlthnphnru'l Xf inn-nnfflr Vrtff lOih. — My Dear Aunt Connie, — I am sending back my collecting card, . with the amount I collected, Ll 3s 3d. There arc not many houses about here, but I did 'my best. The first day I went out I had five refusals; but I did not give up hope. AH. who gave gave wil lingly. Kingower is a very pretty little tow ship. There are hills surrounding It. Wh . they are green they look very handsome. T Granites, which are about three miles fr , ' here, are very pretty with beautiful green fer 1 Sometimes we go out there for a picnic. I grand to run up the rocks. As X saw so m. about town 'and country life 1 thought I wo tell you which I prefer. The couutry is far the healthier of the two. I must conc-I with fondest love to Cousins Counie and Flo lie, not forgetting yourself. I remain, your lov ing niece — Adelaide Annie Treble. i T oivi nlooccnl vnn lini-n dona en TVrtll «>Uh your card, dear.- -Aunt Connie.) 