An Engine-Driver's Story. According to ' Poril and Patriotism,' tho ongine-drivor'a ; career is crowded with , 6x oiting inoidoht: Hois1 flung off tho foot-plato in collision, orpitohod down an ombaukinont by a locomotive with a broken tvre that lurohos from tho track ; his train is stopped by locusts in Afrion, fanatics ia Siboria, bush fires in Australia,' robbors in America, and snow-storms in England and Scotland; and his escapes from death aro marvellous. ' I can toll you of one unnerving mishap' oaid the driver of a northern train, ovor tho pipe in tho mess room at tho terminus, 'and lour looomotivo suporintondonfc, who waa in tho express at tho timo, could, boar tnb out: but ho does not talk muoh. It waB a pitoliJtlark night, so dark that, with. a prosontimont of n coming danger, I rigged up a, hanging hoad light between tho ongino-guards, in addition to tho usual hoad. lights and buffer lamps. Tho lino was oloar, and wo mndo satisfactory progress by homo and distant signals, till wo' entered a wild oonntry far away from any town. Tho fireman was a stolid and grumpy,' but know his work. Ho soldom spoko, but ns wo spod along what was familiarly ? known as ' tho Black Run,' a bloak moorland, , ho turnod his faco towards mo ns if in fear, nnd Bhouted something that was quite unin telligible Anyhow, I took Iub pantomino as a warning, WoTrtappod on tho brake j tho engiuo slowed, bounded ovor an instruction, loft tho rails, ploughed ovor the ballast, nnd tho buffers churned ngninst somo- mnsonry.' x. uruyu uiuuf; i,uu uugino-nm, Bwung upon tlio lino, and noticed in tho glow of tho hoad lights a dingy rook, frosooed with twigs ; but boyond, tho oountry-sido was povorod by tho black mantlo of night. It wnB impossiblo to discorn anything. Thoro wns not n sound oxcopt the sootho of ' tho engino, or n spas modic shout of inquiry from n pnssongor. But fooling carofully along tho mnBonry, nnd listoning intently, 1 hoard a, distant splash — tho swish and murmur of wator ;? it was bonenth us— far down ! I broko into nn icy s wont.. Tlio stonowork- against which tho ongino's breast had sottlod wns tho parapot of n lofty bridge, nnd if tho brako ;hnd boon applied a minuto later tho train would havo plungod into tho ravino, noarly a hundred foot below. ' It's boen a narrow squoak, Jim,' said tho looomotivo superintendent, who omorgod out of tho dnrknoss. ' - It hns that, Bit-,' I ropliod, my, voioo trombling, though ordinarily, I'm not n norvous rann. ''What* about tho load, 8irP' 'Oh, thoy. must undor stand, that you'vo brokon tho tyro of tho driving whool. It's only a milo to the noxt station, and tho shunting' ongiiie will bo down in an hour. Tvo.alrondy sont tho flro man on for it, and all wo'vo got to do ' ho said in n whisper, ' is to koop thd thins soorot. An ongino-drivor, liko a Cabinot filiniBtor, or a bank, mnnngor, is tho repository Jtmnny soorots; nnd tho pnssongora woro mkon on to thoir journoy'B ond without any idon of thoir immiuont poril, oxcopt tho froo and-onsy notion that, 'thoro was somothing tho mattor with tho ongino.' ' 