Rabbits on the East Coast. The Beela Rectrder of February 4 says : The introduction of a few small, harmless looking animals to tbe colony of Victoria in the early days has led to the development of a pest which now assumes a'arming propor tions, and many thousands of pounds ave being spent annually by the Governments and pastoralists of the Eastern Colonies in an effort to suppress its further extension. In the endeavor to obtain the quickest, easiest, and cheapest method of coping with the pest, hundreds of schemes and inventions were tried, many of which proved useful and have been adopted with more or less success. The erection of a rabbit proof fence around a sheep or cattle station is considered the most effectual method yet devised, as the rabbits w1 ich are euc!«sed can be destroyed without fear of reinforcements appearing from outside. The damage done by these destructive little creatures cannot he esti mated ; large tracts of good pastoral laud are left as bare as a desert aud water stored in dams is polluted by hundreds of dead bodies decomposing in and aronnd it. Cattle and sheep cannot exist where the grass ia cleaned off and the water rendered unfit for drinking, and tn travelling to fresh pastures many i-oor animals perish, entailing a serious loss to owners whicl. in the end affects the commerce of a colomy. The rabbits have spread over the colony like an army of ants (o the northward from Victoria through New ¡South Wales to Queensland, and to the westward, through Bou th Australia ta Western Australis. Up to t-e present time, however, their presence in the Western colony bas hardly been felt ; yet we are assured by the residents of thc cou-¡try be tween bere and Eyre t^at they are rapidly making headway towards the rich agricul tural land iu tbe south-west corner of the colony. The country through which ihevsre now passing ha6 been blessed with aepltudid season ; luxurious grass h»s sprung up where the scrub bas been burnt off by bushfire^ and though water is scarce there is an abundance of the common pie-face which serves them instead. **r. Pago, th", leader of the recent rabbit exploration party, in his report slates BOVKB, Haleigh. N*w Hudsons, sod Hurt:ber Cycles; Dunlop Tyres; Bicycle« buiit to otder. repair«, «nd sundries. A. Fi- tve. York - street, Alt any. Telephone, No. 81. 240p KDWABD Barnett & Co. are offering a choice lot of Children's Dresses and La lit«* Blouses. Special value. 357q that traces of them were fonnd many miles west of Eyre. If they are advancing west ward in this manner it will not be eo very long before they reach country which offers many inducements for rapid increase, aod j then a repetition of the troubles of the ! eastern colonies is sore to follow. It has been suggested that a rabbit proof fence en- j closing a large portion of the colony be ; erected to the west of the infested country ; bot while this, in all probability, will be the best means of meeting the difficulty it must be remembered that if a rabbit or two reached the otber side of the fence aod .scaped unnoticed-as they might easily do ia snch sparsely populated country- it wou'd soon be rendered useless. It would be a ; safeguard for settlers east of the Great Southern Bail way if tbey erected rabbit proof fencing around their selections-«ven if the rabbits never reach them. At their present rate of travelling it may be a year or more before they get to the good country, and in the meantime let ua hope that those who have the interests of the colony at he«rt will do what they can to keep its haest part free from a pest which leaves rain and deso lation in its track. 