THE MERCURY. HOBART: THURS., JULY HO, 1899. EPITOME OF NEWS. The Attorney-General returns to Hobart from the North to-day. Tenders are to be called for Metropolitan Drainage Works to test estimate of cost. A youth named Herbert Gillow sustained concussion of the brain In a junior football match at Zeehan yesterday. Conference «proposed Sheffield, Bar- rington, and Wilmot railway held at Devonport yesterday. Energetic action decided on. Mr. Bird, M.H.A. for Franklin, will meet his constituents to-day at Hastings and Esperance, and .to-morrow at Surges Bay and Geeveston. Transvaal crisis ended. London tin quotation, £132. Market stcody. Wcsleyan Twentieth Century Fund has reached £700,000. Jockey Club has suspended the jockey Tod Sloan for disobedience. Consular Courts' in Japan abolished. Native Courts being substituted. Commonwealth Bill is to be submitted to West Australian Parliament. Twenty thousand persons welcomed home Archbishop Carr in Melbourne. Commercial Bank of Australia shows a credit balance of £61,418 for the half- year. Shamiock, yacht, in a 40 miles trial run with ' the Britannia beat the latter by 13 minutes. Mr. P. T. Heywood (Vic.) has leased the Tasmanian horse City Band from Mr. G. Talbot. Duke of Westminster has given his Eclipse . Stakes winnings to the Rhyl Hospital. Prince of Wales witnessed trial of start- ing gate. Princess of Wales photographed the scene. "In second day's play in-test cricket match Australia only made 106 in first innings. Following on they lost two wlokcts for 142 runs. Roof of refreshment shed, heavily weighted with people, collapsed during progress of match between Australia and England. Only a walter injured. A. N. Hornby bas started a fund in aid of Briggs, the cricketer. Manchester Judgcsfshut down business of Assize Court and hied away to the crioketi match, v Premier of New Zealand endeavouring to establish improved steam service to and from the Cape. South Australian Premier does not pro- pose to divide the colony into districts for federal eleotion purpuscs. Opponents to Commonwealth Bill un- likely to otTor any further opposition In i the New South Wales Assembly. Cecil Rhodes has been accorded an im- mense ovation at Cape Town, delegates coming from all parts of South Africa. Major Marchand's officers have been re-Incorporated in French army, and him- self sent on a holiday trip to avoid too effusive public demonstrations. American war correspondents In their protests aganst the nutocratic behaviour of General Otis, have aroused a patriotic outburst in the States. Some blame thrown on the President. , Emery Gordon Medor, charged at Mel- bourne with the murder of Francis Richard Cartwright, otherwise Frank Stevens, in the Eastern Market, was ac- quitted yefaterday on the ground of insanity. The discussion on Federation in Queensland is assuming a somewhat curious form, while it proceeds, never- theless, on the same old, familiar lines in other respects. The protected trades, especially the tanners, are up in arms, with a profound belief that there is nothing like leather. These protec- tionists are being attacked somewhat roughly, and not altogether fairly either, especially by the papers which have long been advocates of Protec- tion. For, it must be admitted that these tannera and others are con- sistent, while the papers are not. The tanners, who are particularly loud in their wail, declare that the Legislature, in its wisdom, has protected their industry, and it can have no right to take that protection away. Up to the present time Protection has been declared to be a most excellent thing, blessing alike those that give and those that receive. Now, say our tanners, if Protection is a good thiug, if it makes the colony richer and pro- motes the welfare of the people, what sense can there be in doing away with it ? This is a question to be asked and answered. The actual answer is, of course, thut Protection is a delusion, as may be learned from any country whereProtection prevails,and especially from Victoria, where it' has become to many a sort of religion, But, it due" not lie in the mouths of protec- tionists to say this, aiid hence tbe curious character of the discussion now going on. For, the protectionist papers are turning round and asking do you want to set up barriers between the colonies? The answer of the tanners and others is, that this is precisely what the Legislature has been doing for the last twenty years with universal approval. This is what Victoria, the Mecca of the protectionist, hal been doing for nearly forty yea», and has ? carried this good work so far as to maintain Border Duties in spite of their absolute foolishness and the trouble they cause. Your good protectionist insists that this is quite right, and highly beneficial. Every country that protects itself benefits itself, and the greater the Pro- tection the greater the benefit. Now, it follows, say our tanners and others, either that the protectionists have been all wrong, or it is pure madness to remove duties which are a benefit to all. Really, the tanners and o'hers seem to have got bold of the right end of the logical stick, and their criticR in the newspapers appear to be practically nowhere. For, all the fine phrases do not alter the fact, that Protection has been adopted as a policy beneficial to a country, from which it follows that if every country protects itself, every country will benefit itself. The conclusion is irresistible, for if Protection is a mistake as between the colonies, as dow so very loudly>«verted i j l hen, for over a quarter of a century there has been a standing delusion, and the protectionists bave ' beeu simply making fools of themselves. Indeed, this is what tbe Vic- torian protectionists are doing. Tliey met recently in solemu conclave, and decided to accept Federatim, because it would make New South -Wales a protected colony, that is, protected against" the pauper labour" of other lands, as they love to say. They overlooked one little fact, that for some thirty years they have been piling; on duties against the" other colonies, in the shape of Burder Duties and Stock 'lax, taxes on fruit, timber, and a host of other things, all of which are now to go. If these duties were right and profitable, as vie have heard vowed many fathoms deep, then the removal of them must be wrong and a piece of i arrant folly. This is what our tanners and others in Queensland declare, and the pro- tectionist papers tell them that they are uupatriotic. It is all right from one point of vie«, but as a matter of reasoning the tanners are not to he touched. It is curious, moreover, to note that intercolonial Freetrade is an absolute condition of Federation, and nobody seems to know why. It is quite possible to have Federation without intercolonial Freetrade, aud to have Freetrade without Federation. The one is not dependent on the other. There are examples in history of States united for commerce and no other purpose, as well as unions for defence or war without any reference to trade. The one has no direct connection with the other. Pitt offered Free trade to Ireland, and it was reJBcted by the wisdom of the Irish Parlia- ment. There was a time when there were border duties between Englaud and Scotland, and many a Scot has heartily cursed the Union because it raised the price of whiskey. Thib being the case, our tanners and others might will declare, if they had the wit to do so, that they are federalists and protectionists, and their positiou would be a sound one. But,they do not venture onthis,because they know that intercolonial Freetrade and Federation «go together, and are insolubly united as part of the creed of the people of these colonies. There- fore, the tanners and others are being lectured, and by writers whose incon sisteucy is beyond all dispute. And, curiously enough, the newspapers are right and the tanners and others wrong; that, is, right and wrong so far as the union, the development and the defence of these colonies are con- cerned. The argument about Pre'ec tion is unanswerable, but if a host of protectionists are prepared to admit by their acts that their legislation and their theories were wrong and absurd, we do not know why those who have fought the battle of commercial liberty should complain, though they may wonder at the simplicity of their erstwhile opponent«. Another phase of the discussion in Queensland is the opposition shown to federation by men like Sir Thomas Mcilwraith and Sir Hugh Nelson. They, too, are being lectured in good round terms, but the argument does not seem to get any " forrader." Tbey and others are afraid, it appears, of the financial position, and they are answered by being told that the Conven- tions contained " the flower of Austral- asian statesmanship." This is 'all very well, but does not seem to be much to the purpose. As it happens, and as it is not easy to forget, the flower of Australasian states- manship had to leave it to an informal meeting of Premiers to 'deal with the two most important financial provisions in the Bill, after holding three Conventions, the reports of which fill monstrous volumes of not very edifying reading. Naturally, the two objectors named and those who follow them say that they have not been answered, and the newspapers reply that such a state- ment is really very unpatriotic. And, perhaps, in the circumstances, the newspapers are right, and are wiser than they know. It has been evident in the course of the years since 1891, when the first Convention' met, that the faculty of putting a satisfactory case for Federation does not exist, while Federation itself is a necessity, and is worth a very considerable sacri- fice. Therefore, those who advise public men to come in and pocket their logic and throw financial problems to the winds are in the right, though not fur the reasons which they give. The thing has got to be done now, and we must do it as best we can. The Treasurer began his Financial Statement the other night by saying there was " no poetry in it." As if one would expect a man to be Inspired by Custom,, and Excise, or a Treasurer to come down to the House with on epic budget, or a Minister of Lands to deliver a Works Statement that would be a collection of poetical Works. ' But, the Assembly'has, this session, shown some disposition to deal in poetry of a philosophic kind. ,Mr. Hartnoll led the way early in the session When he-said that the railway system was "rotten-ripe" for reform. That phrase stuck to many who heard or read it. Some admiredi the virile English of the member for Launceston, but others wanted to'know " where it was from." The next day, yon were asked in the street whose was the quotation, and if you dropped into the f'ublic Library you probably found a man looking for it. As some already know, and others do not, the expression is James Russell Lowell, the American poet's. Lowell puts into the mouth of Cromwell, addressing Hampden, the words The timeisrlpe,arotten-ripe,forchange; Then let it come : I bave no dread of what Is called for by the Instinct of mankind ; . Nor think I that God's world will fall apart, Because we tear a parchment more or less. Then, later on, the discussion on the Federal Enabling Bill took place, and Sir Edward Braddon, as Premier, found there was some room for poetry there ; and so he, too, cites Lowell to Lamartine, and speaks of " -- tho bard's true lyre, a nation's heart." Later on, the debate on the Hare system of voting was begun, and up comes Mr. Henry Dobson with J, R. Lowell as a witness : " Our country is the shape of all men's minds." " That," says the member for Brighton, " is just what the Hare system will do for Tasmania." Now, it is notable that within three weeks the same great Ameiican statesman, diplomatist, poet, philosopher, and humourist should have been quoted in the House of Assembly ! When a certain Victorian Premier assumed office, he made a triumphal tour, eat- ing dinners, making speeches, and receiving deputations. He repeatedly quoted a line or two from Robert Brown- ing, and on one occasion, by way of aside, he expressed his conviction that Mr. ' Browning was the then greatest living \- . r?% .poet. Tho Melbourne booksellers -sub- , scquontly declared that immediately there _ was a great demand by the publia /for " Browning's works, and that for a tirfe it could not be met. Now, 'it would/ not be 1 surprising if Mr. Hartnoll, J&t; Edward Braddon, and Mr. Henry- Hobson, had created a demand lier«, for Lowell that . «onId embarrass tim Hobart bookseller». ' It will interest Mrf'Hartnoll to know that ' Mr. W. T. Stead declares that the speech I of Cromwall to Hampden is amongst the many words of Mr. Lowell which "often helped him in his light " for the emancipa- tion of Bulgaria. The Agricultural Statistics for tho past year would bo very satisfactory, if only prices had not fallen so very low. The increase in the production of wheat, namely, 680,759 bushels, is very large, and is due to the splendid averngo yield per acre, namely, 27 bushels. If this yield could be kept up, wheat growing in this colony ought to be a piolitablo occupation, even with low prices, but such an average cannot be expected to continue. The area under wheat waa less last year, as compared with the previous one, by 358 acres, a proof that farmers think that they have at pre- sent reached about the length of their tether in tina direction. The yield tliia year more than supplies the wants of the colony, and leaves a con- siderable margin for export. There is, it is to bo noticed, a very considerable increase in the area devoted to the growth of barley, and in the yield, the latter being no less than 102,554 bushels. This, again, is due mainly to the high average yield, which was at the rate of 31 bushels per acre. Ab there is a demand for good barley for malting purposes, the farmers ought to do very well out of this crop. Oats show a very large increase in the^creage, and the yield is more than double pf that last year, a fact which goes to show that this crop is regarded as a profitable one. The yield j was 38 bushels to the acre, as against 28 bushell) for the previous year. There ' is a decrease in the area under hoy, "but the crop Í8 larger than for the previous year, showing that the season was a favourable one. The potato crop, so far as the present interim statistics show, has been rather an extra- ordinary ono, for though there is a decrease of 2,091 acres in the area undo1- this crop, there is an increase of 38,633 tons in the total yield. This is duo to the high average return obtained, which waa 4'33 tonB per acre, as against 2*19 tonB in the previous year. Hops, so far as the present statistics go, show a very considerable falling-oil' in the total yield, although the area devoted to their growth is somewhat larger than in the previous year. Apples show n decrease of no less than 23,744 bushels, owing, no doubt, to the bush-fires of the previous yeal, but prices have been good as a com- pensation. Horses, cattle, and sheep show a decrease, but there is a slight increase in the number of pigs. No district in the colony has been boomed more of late than Devonport and its sur- roundings. That township and tho country to the back of it have long been famous for the energy of their public men ; they became notorious during ? the recent election petition case, and the subsequent shultling of members with Latrobe; and within the last few weeks they have beeti visited by Ministers and members of Parliament in a body, and have been written up to such an extent that the leaders of the daily papers, especially in the North, aro sick or hearing about them. I he people down there do no1 hide their light under a bushel. They believe in themselves and the future of their'district, and they arc not slow at impressing their belief on others. Their two representatives in the House of Assembly are of the same way of thinking,- and never lose an opportunity of advocating the interests of their consti- tuents, without considering other parts of tho colony at all. These gentlemen know that they must do their best to secure a hliare of the loaves and fishes, or else some- one else will be found to take their places. It can therefore be easily imagined with what chagrin they received the Minis- ter of Lands' statement when they found that there was no provision in it cither for a railway to' Sheffield or a bridge across the Mersey at Devonport, and that, too, after all the trouble they took to impress Ministers and members of Parlia- ment with their requirements. It must have been a terrible sliock to them to find that all their efforts to ingratiate themselves and their respective districts into the good-will of Ministers had failed, and that, so far as their two leading public works were concerned, they were left out in the cold. The indignntion felt at Devonport knew no bounds. It was very smartly' communicated to Messrs. Murray anil Aikenhead, and they set about wire-pulling, and did so with such excellent effect that Ministers have agreed to put the M ersey-bridge on the sup ÍMomentary estimates. That announcement las pacified the residents of Devonport ; but what about the railway to Sheffield, Barrington, and the Wilmot? We stated a fortnight ago that there was very little likelihood of the Government building any new railways at the present time, but the people in the places named were led to believe that they had a splendid chance of getting a railway at once, and it will, therefore, take their members all they know to explain the omission away. To " Mercury" SunscRinims.-Su-b scribcrs to The Mercury are reminded of the due date for receiving advance sub- scriptions for current quarter, viz., Friday, 21st inst., after which date subscribers will be charged tho crodit rate. English Mails.-The homeward bound mails, which left Tasmania on the 13th ult., reached London on the 17tli inst. per R.M.S. Oroya. They were due on the 18th idem. Kingborough Municipality.- It is notified that notices of appeals against the assessment roll of the Municipal District of Kingborough must be given before to- morrow. Forfeiture of Lands.-The Minister of Lands (Hon. E. T. Miles) gives notice in another column of his intention to apply to the Governor-in-Council to declare certain lands, purchased under the Land Act, 1890, the Waste Lands Act, 1870, and the Land Acts of 1893-4-5, forfeited for non-payment of instalments of purchase money. South Kensington Examinations. The South Kensington examinations take place at the Government Technical School, Hobart, on the 24th inst. External students may be entered to-day. Royal Academy and College of Music.-The examinations in elements of music ona harmony in connection with the Associated Board of the Royal Academy and Royal College of Music will be held on the 29th inst. Candidates for the practical examination will be received until the 1st prox. EDUCATiONAL.--The Buckland School for .boarders and day boys reopens to- morrow after the midwinter vacation. Nothing cheap and nasty about O.K. Soap. ? It answers to its name. * Lecturktte by Archdeacon Whit- ington.-A lecturetto, entitled "Some Specimens of English Fun and Fancy," will be delivered this evening by the Ven. Archdeacon Whitington at the Queen- borough schoolroom. Some music will also be rendered. The proceeds will be for the ' Queenborough Recreation Ground and the Tourists' Association. Razors, pocket cutlery, purses, raror strops, and walking sticks at A. J. Nettlkfold'b. Geeveston Hall Company.-The or- dinary general meeting of the Geeveston Hall Company will be held at the hall on the 27th inst To keep poultry healthy give tbem AnoMAc. Valuable testimonials. Ball at Kempton.-A plain and fancy dress ball will be given in the Victoria hall, Kempton, to-morrow evening, in aid of llie local band fund. Hopkins's orchestra will supply the music. Umbrellas, waterproofs, neckties, under- clothing choice in variety at A. J. Nkttlefold's Stores. The Hobart Hunt.-The hounds will meet at Moonah next Saturday at 2.30 p.m. Members and their friends are in- vited to afternoon tea at Elwick, the stewards of the T.R.C. having very generously permitted the steciiiccliasc course to be used for the purposes of the run. Indiokstion Is the cau«e of nine-tenths of our bodily ailment«, »ince it produces all kinds of pain« and aches, both in mind una body. It's chief symptoms aro Flatulence, Hcndncho, pains about tho Stomach, weariness, dopres sion of spirit«, constipation and tho appetite may bo bad, or It imiy bo natural, and thoro may be a great f edi uti of hunger directly after meal«. Sometimes Lheio 1b oppression of tho breathing, palpitation of tho heart, etc. Tho host remedy Is Gould's Diokstivk Powder, a Homoeopathic trituration, which seldom fall.". It is Mild in Bottles at 1/01 3 bottles for ii, mid may bn sent per port any- where. H. T. Gould & Co.. tho Hnmartpathlo Pharmacy, li, Ellnbotb-stroeu Hobart. ijOTtënATion Mkktino at Hoiiart. .Apublic meeting under the auspices of the Southern Tasmanian Federal League, con- vened by the Mayor'of Hobart (Mr. J. G. Davies, M.H.A.), will bo held at the Town-hall to-morrow evening. The lion. V. W. Piesse, M.L.C., the Hon. 11. Dobson, M.H.A., the Hon. N. E. Lewis, M.H.A., nnd other members of the League will speak on the occasion. Federation Mkktino at New Non folk.-A meeting is to bo held on Tues- day evening next at the Library-hall, when addresses will be dclivored by the Premier (Sir Edward Braddon) and Captain Under- wood. Federal Leaguk.-Meetings under tho auspices of the Southern Tasmanian Federal League will be held this evening at Geeves- ton and Franklin. City Police Court. . The Police Magis- trate (Mr. B. Shaw) and Alderman J. W. Johnson, J.P., .presided yesterday. Frederick Holmes was lined fl/, with the option of 48 hours, for being drunk anil disorderly in Elizabeth-street on tho 18th inst. A charge of using obscene language, preferred against a girl named Ethel Patterson, aged 14, was withdrawn, Super- intendent Pedder stating that arrangements had been made for her entering the Magda- lene Home. John Paice, jan., a farm labourer, was lined 10/ and costs 9/6, or 14 days, for travelling on the Government railways on June 19 on an out-of-date ticket. Mary Ann Mason, widow, wns ord sred to pay a penalty of 5,',nnd costs 7/6, or seven days, for using unlawful language in a house abutting on a public place in Murray-street on the 1st inst. Mission at the Theatre Royal. The Evangelical Mission now being con- ducted at the Theatre Royal under the auspices of tho Council of the Churches was* again largely attended last evening ; so that when the service began the entrance to the dress circle was roped across, and tho word " Full " exhibited. Care had, however, been taken in the filling of tho building so that it should not be over- crowded, and the passages were kept free. The proceedings begun with a service of song, which extended over 20 minutes, and later on there were a solo and a quartette, and several hymns sung in chorus by tho United Choir of over 100 voices located upon the stage. The Rev. H. Bride Barber, Primitive Methodist Church, Collins-street, presided, and a number of clergymen, members of the Council, were on the stage. Two addresses were de- livered. The first was by the Rev. G. W. Sharp, of the Memorial Congregational Church, Brisbane- street, who chose for his subject " The joy that is 'in heaven when one sinner lépente." The second address was by the Rev. Mr. Barber, whose theme was the "Old man at the pool of Bethesda." < The mission will be continued this evening. South Arm.-A church social was held in the Calverton-hall on Monday evening, 17th inst., on the occasion of the first visit of the Aren. Archdeacon Whitington to that part of the parish of Clarence. The Rev. F. B. Sharland, rector of the parish, acted as chairman. The attendance wa-j good. Archdeacon .Whitington gave a most entertaining lecture on "Charles Dickens," introducing various readings, and including that celebrated author's letters to his son, a settler in Australia, in which he evinced a truly religious spirit. The Archdeacon also delivered a short address on Church work. Proceedings were varied by musical and vocal selections given by the Misses Calvert (3), Messrs, C. Calvert, Sharland, B. Reynolds, and C. Morrisby. Miss Josephine Calvert and Mr. Jack gave a clever ' display of club swinging. Miss Lillio Calvert hlade a most, efficient accompanist and secretary. Re- freshments were handed round, and Mr. Henry Alomes proposed a vote of thanks to the Archdeacon for his lecture, and Mr. G. J. Morrisby ono to those ladies and gentlemeu who had provided music and refreshments. These were carried with acclamation, nnd an enjoyable evening was brought to a close by the singing of the National Anthem. Ano m Ac given to cuttle Increases the supply of milk. Rosie Germain's Benefit Concert. -The manager, in our advertising columns, publishes his balance-sheet ; and Miss Germain thanks all who assisted in the good work. Tlio many sympathisers will bo pleased to see that £30 has been realised, and placed to a trust account in the names of Mr. Henry Shirley and Miss Alison Cuthbert, who have charged them- selves with the duty of seeing that the amount will be judiciously expended for the object for which it was raised, this course being deemed necessary as the girl is an orplmu, with no immediate relative to look alter necessary business arrange- ments. Tho amount of £6/5/ has been collected by a gentleman who is not desirous of having his name mentioned. . ' Nelson, Moats & Co.'s Teas sold by all grocers. Death in the Bush.-Last week a grown-up son of Mr. Merchant, a verj old resident of Garden Island Creek, went to look for some sheep,' but did not return home. As he was subject to fits, his family was in a state of great anxiety, but search for him proved in vain' for two days. Then tho sawmill of Messrs. Ford & Harris was shut down and all hands turned out to search, assisted by the residents in the neighbourhood. The body of the unfor- tunate man was found lying in the bush, whore he had evidently fallen down. An inquest was held, and a verdict died from natural causes brought in. The body was buried at Port Cygnet on Sunday last. Nelson, Moate & Co.'s Teas acknow- ledged to ho the best. Early Closing Association. - A meeting of tobacconists and hairdressers will be held to-morrow evening at the Temperance-hall, to decide whether either or both trades shall come under tho pro- visions of the Early Closing Bill. Aroaiao at this 'season is invaluable for horses. Hobart Coffee Palace Co.-The annual meeting of shareholders will bo held on the 31st inst. Nettlefold's Stores now offer excep- tional values and choicest goods. Cyclists Smoke Concerts. - The Speedwell Bicycle Club held the second of their popular winter smokers at the Ship Hotel last evening, when between 40 and 50 members and friends spent a most en- joyable time under the able chairmanship of Mr. Leo Bibby. Foremost among the performers were Messrs. Jacobs Bros. (3), E. Reid, Hook, Peet, J. Clark, Cearns, Bazette, Newton,, and Dobson. Mr. Charles Beck was the pianist. I Neitlkfold's aro now prepared to effect complete repairs to bicycles and parts. Unclaimed Telegram.- Message ad- dressed " Philip Oakden, Stydd JJouse," awaits a claimant at the Telegraph Oflice. Eoos nil the year round by giving the fowls AnoMAC. Anotüeh Three Hours' Sale.-To- morrow Best & Co. hold another Three Hours' Salo of Remnants of all kinds, and ¡f last week's success Is to be repeated we shall havea very bu.syti.ne. The Remnants aro marked In every instance half- price or less, and consist of Dreb.s Materials, Silks, Cnllcocs, Sheetings, Flannelettes, Ribbons, Laces, etc., etc. Our advice I», do not miss this wonderful Three Hours' Sale, which commences To-Monttow Morning at 10 o'clock. Tm« Mouni.no we sell the balance of o''S/ Une of corsets at exactly Half- price, viz., 2/U ; nuil by the s.s. Mokola, reaching Hobart To-day from Melbourne, we have some truly marvellous bargains for im- mediate disposal at our "Buyer»' Picnic" now proceeding. Bkst & 'Co's. Three Hours'Reiunant Sale is To-iuorrow(Friday) from 10 till 1. Important Notice -Our Studio (only) being engaged This Day between the hours of 11 and 1 o'clock, we must again ask our numerous patrons not to make appointments within the above time. R. McGukfie te Co. Nelson Moatk&Co.;'b Celebrated Teas. Best value obtainable. 