"UNJOINTED CHAT." BY MERCUTIO. Are wo becoming inured to Drought, and do we take it for granted, as we do Parliamentary government, or tho amenities of our harbour ? Or oro wo only pigeon-holing it an a grim nuisance which interferes with the onjoymont of our daily budget of comfortable gossip ? Years ago a drought such as grips nino- tonths of this ooiony as I writo would liavo extinguished all other topics. I supposo our ways, thoughts, and talk aro much moro cosmopolitan nowland that wo are ablo to look np our skeleton in its cup- board, and forgot all about our ruined settlers, abandoned homesteads, starving and dying stock, whitened pastures, drying-up rivers, and the rest of the terrible ordeal that wo Bro passing through Or, relying on that last and only human blessing which, according to tho legend, did not escape from Pandora's box, do wo live in hope that this last heit wavo from whioh Albury has been stifling with a thermometer at 101-, which has smothered Bombala with smoke from Burronnd ing bushfire«), dried up tho Belubula River at Canowindra, and scorched even Bathurst Plains white, betokens a quick-coming chango ? Well, there can bo no harm in hoping that it may bo so. As to the " blessing in disguise " theory, it is hard to hold by ; but perhaps sotno good may accrue to us, if these frcquout visitations teach us to appraise at their truo vnluo those visions of enormous population and hugo wealth in the near future that Boroo people- mainly charlatans-are perpetually dangling before our eyes. Now South Wales, oxcept for a fringo on, its seaboard and a fow high- lying patches in- land, is a country of recurrent droughts, and the sooner we know it, and take it to heart in our legislation, tho better it will be for us all, so some peoplo think. The 189G-1899 drought must mean a terrible census of disasters. In the matter of cereals tho shortage for the current year will be approximately ascertainable, tho same may bo said of fruits and meat produots, but the loss in our principal indus- try (shocp-raising) will not be known for some time to como. Tho Stock Department, it mußt be confessed, can tell you " to a tally " how many wallabips there were (say) in tho Dubbo district at tho end of December, 1S99 ; and how many rabbits in the Hay or Bourko district ; but it will know about the loss of sheep just as much as it can pick up from tho materials at hand : and they stand for little. Even the New South Wales wool export for the year, if you could got at it. will not tell you how many sheep year 1893 of the drought has done to death or intercepted be- fore birth. Wo shall soon bo ablo to make a rough guess at it, perhaps, but it will bo only a guess. Even if wo could resurrect tee old masters of statistics, and start them off with tho living ones as a commission-Quotolet,. Farr, Giffen, Mulhall, and the rest of them-they would not get within cooey of our Bheep lossos during this 189G-9 drought. Lot "Y 7¡ " stand for a {nena who seems sano enough ora many unimportant subjects, but is the violim of strange delusions on two subject« which ho always couples-Bicycles and the Federcl Capital Though but an indifferent cyclist ho has collected en different types of this % chicle, and in sure that he wi'l soon bo ablo to patent au invention for applying electricity to thom as motare power Good Now as to tho capital This, ho siys, must bo as near the border of faonth Australia (Hist meridian, I think) as possible Ho would go out to Alico Springs for a site, only that oasib is not insido our tcrritorj In an inte resting despatoh just to hind, hoaska mo to think what would happen if Sydney wcro threatened by an immense body of sundowners, louseabout«, nara les, retrenched Civil servant«, Chinamen, and Afghans, corrparcd with the assured immu- nity from every sort of attack or intimidation which would bo enjoyed by a Federal Capital just the other eldo of Milparinka Well, I have thought And it comes to this If Co-ey's army threatened S>dnoy the Primo Minister would matruct hi8,TJnder Secretary to place the Domain, Parliament House, and the Soup Kitchen at tho army's «eruco Then tho Federal Ejecutivo would embark nnd sit on board tho Flagship until further notice, and the redend Comtnander in- Chief would bo requested to consult the In- spector-General of Police, and Bee that the Com- monwealth did not get into trouble, but at the same timo to model their proceedings a i much as possible on those chronicled at the beginning of scene III of the 3rd Act of " Much Ado About Nothing " And they would do all that and more if needed On the other hand, if Congress-nero sitting somewhere about Milparinka, and Coxey carne along, what would happen ? The Federal Commnuder-in-Chipf would b^summoued in hot haste by telegraph to bring up the Federal Army, and he would at once start mobilising it.. Hut before the necessary supply of blank cartridges and Colonial Lager had boen served out, down would como a telo_rram that the invasion had been declared " off," all tho invaders having been takon into federal employment (minimum avago, day labour, and butty gang), and the leader ap- pointed Minister for Labour, or Représentatif o of the r_deral Governniont in the Senate . » . « * It>eently in this column I relieved myself of the proposition that it would bo premature, if not preposterous, to say much about tho 100 mile limit until Moss Valo and Marulan had spoken out, one of these districts being just on the limit line, and tho other just outside it Moss Vale has taken imtinl proceedings, and wo aro told that a great publie meeting will soon be crlled, when resolutions of a vary decided characterwdl bo sub- mitted Marulan seems to bo lying low , at any rato she (or ought I to say " ho " or " it f ") has not spoken out so for , but it would bo absurd to infer that a district said to be particularly well supplied with marblo ind Crown lands, aud most picturesque gullies for picnic parties, with the Shoalhaven Bl«, er for fishing, and innumerable rock wallabies for shooting thrown in, won't put in a claim for the Whito HOUBO and all tho othor apparatus of Federal Government It is perhaps a little prematnro to set about finding a namo for our federal capital And besides, like the hare of tho old aphorism, it has to bo caught first The suir gestod name " Britannia " won't do at any price Wo might, howoa or, employ tho interval between the meeting of Parliament and tho taking of the referendum in considering a few names that have been proposed Tor otamplo " Dedhedabad," " Colchis," " Hexapolis," " Fedorosalom," " Philippi," " Cookwich," " Bankston " or " Banlcswioh," and " Brad doma " Ol this field I should bo inclined to givo tho preference to " Bsukswiob," if only be oause, of all our dead and buried bonefactois who have hid no commemorative monument, Sir Joseph Banks is the most worthy , and to name tho redoral Capitalaftcrliim would bo some atone- ment , but oh ' how tardy . *. * . , The sweeping away of 70 Russian doctors by that most awful of epidemics, the bubonic plague, at Samarcand, leaves us to conjecture what must have been the death roll of the inhabitants and the Russian garrison. Samarcand is a city of old renown, going back even to the time of Alex- ander the Great, but now absorbed by the tidal wave of Russian conquest. When it was Timur's capital the population is supposed to have reached half a million (at least, so says Vambery). The old city, now reduced to a population under 40,000, is as dirty and unwholesome as any city of the East, and, therefore, the sort of place that the plague might be expected to thrive and stay in. ln the fourteenth century, when the Black Death (which is said to be only an older name for thee bubonic plague, which has been wreaking such fearful havoc of late years) destroyed nearly half the population of Europe, including the British Isles, people attributed the visitation to the wrath of God ; but though traced to China as its birthplace, it seems to have passed into Europe by Yarkand, Kashgar, Khiva, and Astrakhan, without ravaging Samarcand. At that time, perhaps, Timur was himself a sufficient visitation without an epidemicc of plague. The Russians, who took the city from the Bokhariotes 30 years ago, seem to be content with fortifying a part of it and connecting it with their Caspian-Merv rail- way, but to have left it in all other respects to the wrath, or the mercies, of God. If it be tho fact, as reported the other day, that Bishop Lanigan, the Roman Cathoho Bishop of Goulburn, disapproves of floral wreaths ond crossos at funerals of his pcoplo, I am inclined to go a long way with the Bishop A deceased celebrity, if popular, is now worth to tho florists sometimes as much as £100-perhaps ton times as muoh as ho was worth to them during the whole of his life But this does not conclude tho questioi. In old times, to encourage tho woollen industry, people wero compulsonly buried in woollen shrouds And I dare say the custom of present- ing black kid gloves to mourners owed its origin to the business taches of glove manufacturers Cortainly, with all respeota to tho .florists, there is something very incongruous in the-«xtravagant pijiog oj_flortlrcmMeBia(oa eoffins.^íu.íome^aBe.s. tho accumulation is so enormous that a special mourning coaoh is ladon. with these inanimate vege- table mourners. Wreaths and croases carno in when mourning suits went out ; and now the fashion, Uko so many others, has reached the extremo point of absurdity. A wreath as big as a small oart-wheol, is, somehow, tho roverse of edifying. And, in somo casca, tho business motive ia not sufficiently disguised. Wo know from half a dozen passages in Shakespeare that flowers in his timo wero strowed on tho graves of maidens, but it seems to havo boon reserved for our times to oxtend the custom in an exaggerated form to all sorts and sexes and conditions indiscriminately. I havo scon funereal wreaths that havo beon most artistically constructed of tho ohoicest hot-house flowers costing, say three guiñes at tho least, and havo thought how much more appropriate they would have been as a bridal offering, or as bouquets to bo thrown to somo melodious Diva. Could not, to make a beginning in this matter, somo funeral reformers introduce tho wholcsorao plan of adding " No flowers " at the end of the customary Notices of Removal. » . * . . The lives led by castaways on those little dot«] of storm-swopt islets in the South Atlantic and South Pacific Oceans, which wera so useful as sea maries to shipmasters when navigation was nearly all dono by sailing ships, aro nearly always fascinating reading ; and the five months' expe- rience of Tristan-da- Cunha (it is said to he wrong to spell it d'Acunha) put in by Mux Smith, cook and steward of the barque Glen- huntly, which was abandoned off those islands about a year ago, is certainly no exception. The communistic British poB&csuion;, described in n recent " Herald," with its census of C1 souls, evoryono of whom is compelled, by tho exigences of life, to be carpenter, mason, fisherman, sailor, furruor, grazier, and egg-hunter, to say nothing of the formidable duty imposed upon him of keep- ing the island rata in check (extermination seem- ingly impossible), should be a first-class hunting ground for some of our increasing hordo of ex- hausted novelists. Human nature in the township named after the Duke of Edinburgh should bo worth analytical observation, if only because nearly all the causes of aberration from the nor- mal idoa must bo permanently absent. Trieitan da-Cunhu's history does not perhaps open OB melodramatically as that of Pitcairn Island, but tho " making of Tristan " out of such queer ele- ment«, as a British corporal and two privates, a few whalers, the remnant of the Shenandoah's federal prisoners so cruelly dumped down on the island, and snell waifs ns from timo to time drift and take root on the first land they happen to strike, could not be dull, and might even bo edifying, reading. 