TALLANGATTA TO GLEN WILLS. \-----------<>\-------------- [ CONTRIBUTED TO THE TALLANGATTA HERALD. ] Our trip to Sunnyside and Glen Wills, the leading reefing towns of the Mitta Mitta and Omeo districts, was a most en- joyable one, satisfying our love of the picturesque as well as being most in- teresting from a botanical and geological, aspect. Travelling up the valley of the Mitta Mitta River from Tallangatta, we pass over the Yabba Gap, and the view of the flats with the Bogongs in the dis- tance — so faithfully depicted in the paintings now on view in our Public Art Gallery, Melbourne, claims our atten- tion. Fresh beauties burst upon our sight at every turn of the river. We stay at Eskdale for a few minutes for refreshment, and hear good accounts of the future of the district. The Esk Creek empties into the Mitta Mitta at this place, and is now pegged out for miles for dredging purposes. As the reefs around Tallandoon and Eskdale are rich in gold, this scheme should prove a successful one. We travel on towards Mitta Mitta village, situate at the junction of Mitta Mitta River with Snowy Creek, and are greatly struck with the beauties of the valley from the road out through the hills, some hundreds of feet above the river in places. The homesteads, nestling among splendid acacias, poplars and giant willows, look most picturesque, the rich green tints of the trees contrast- ing with the somewhat faded color of the grass now fast turning to a russet ; and the patches of yellow stubble of the wheat and oat fields are a striking contrast to the fine fresh maize, which grows to great perfection in this valley. The fruit trees grow to an enormous height and size, and in a few years will add greatly to the prosperity of the farmers, who already find a ready sale by pack-horse with Glen Wills and other mining places in the mountains. On nearing Mitta village we get a splendid view of the three largest granite mountains of the district — the mighty Bogong on the right, showing a majestic front to the hills and valleys be- neath ; Mount Granite in the centre made famous by the poetess of Rockalpine ; and Mount Benambra to the left ; under which some notable nuggets have been found, but whence they came still puzzles the oldest miners. The nearness of the two latter mounts makes them ap- pear equal in height to that of Bogong, which is some 20 miles distant, and adds to the charm of the view along the creeks and river which seem to flow from their base. The principal alluvial claim here — the Pioneer Company — is of especial interest. Quantities of gold have been obtained to a depth of apparently 200ft., by the aid of giant nozzles. Many views could be taken in and about this claim to delight the artist and the photographer. The hills around abound in mineral wealth, and no doubt the golden stone is plentiful beneath the rich soil of the river flats. Why are the residents sleeping ? They should be up and doing. Boring- rods would surely locate the golden ore that undoubtedly has found its way through course of ages from the aurif- erous ranges of Omeo and Glen Wills, through which the river winds a rocky and tortuous course, fed by innumerable mountain creeks, proved by miners to be rich in gold. We leave Mitta Mitta with pleasant memories of the hearty hospitality of its residents, and travel along the right bank of the Snowy Creek, which heads from the Bogong. The road winds along the hills, which are precipitous to the creek, in many places roaring along its rocky course hundreds of feet below. We see numerous old workings along the banks on each side — in one place a row of tun- nels a few feet apart driven into the hill- side by Chinamen, who for years earned a living in them. And many a poor Celes- tial found a grave therein, through some unexpected fall of earth. At present the banks of the creek are being worked by Europeans with the giant nozzles, a race some twenty miles in length commanding the whole of the creek between Mitta Mitta and Granite Flat. After travelling about six miles, we come unexpectedly on the picturesque little village of Snowy Creek, nestling under the protecting wing of Mount Granite. An English Company commands some thousands of acres of alluvial ground on both sides of the valley of the Snowy, and are now putting their water race in order to commence hydraulic sluicing on a mammoth scale. As we travel on to- wards Glen Wills we pass underneath the highest flume in the colony, carrying the water necessary for the operations of this company. For some time it has been in disrepair, and consequently we get a mild shower- bath in passing under. An artist is engaged in taking a painting in oils of the flume, which, when finished, will give an excellent idea of its magnitude and the grandeur of its surroundings. The main wheel road ends here, and we have 16 miles of a rough bridle track to travel before we reach the top of the main spur, which we follow right in to Sunny- side township, leaving the Lightning Creek on our left and the Snowy on our right. The most striking feature of the journey is the absolute stillness that pre- vails — not a bird is heard to sing, not a bush animal to be seen — only wild- hop scrub and straight, tall woolly- butt trees and saplings, this is an ideal spot for saw- mills. The only relief to the monot- ony are the numerous out- cropping reefs that cross the track, and an occasional team of pack - horses we meet, the tinkling of whose bells breaks the almost painful stillness. Darkness comes on before we reach the township of Sunnyside, and we are almost pleased to have to rush through a bush-fire which is raging across the track for some fifty yards or so. Our horses, by dint of much whip and spur, are forced to a gallop, and we emerge on the other side rather warm and be- grimed with smoke, but greatly relieved that the fire was not more spread along the track, else we should have been obliged to camp out for the night. The flames in some places were roaring up- wards over 100ft. and running for miles in a narrow belt along the ranges, the sight being really splendid. We reach the town in safety and are made comfort- able for the night by our host. In the morning we rise greatly refreshed, and enjoy the beautiful cool mountain air, so different from that of the plains, and have a beautiful view of Mount Wills rearing its lofty granite head 1000ft. or more almost above us. A great future lies before the town ships of Glen Wills and Sunnyside ; which are about 1½ miles apart, these towns depend solely upon reefing, and are grow- ing steadily in importance. It is pleas- ing to see the evident prosperity that reigns in both places. The reefing belt runs in a southerly direction from Mount Wills past Sunnyside, Glen Wills and on for miles, following the great granite mountains of the Omeo district. The United Brothers mine has given out over £100,000 worth of gold is still in splendid working order and should last for years yet. The Democrat, Meer- schaum (which lately yielded over 500 oz. from 50 tons), Golden Fleece, Samaritan, Four Brothers and The Maud all seem to exist in this continuous belt, and only require proper development in order to add materially to the wealth of the com- munity. In fact, the place looks still in its infancy. The Maud mine, one of the lowest southerly, has just crushed for a yield of 3½ oz., the mineral, which aver- ages £35 per ton, bringing up the value of the crushing considerably. A rich pocket has lately been unearthed in the Meerschaum Reef, and, as the syndicate have several years' work before them in rich stone, they are to be congratulated for having a fine property. Hitherto the working miners have been nomadic in their habits, but latterly they are begin- ning to settle down, marry and form homes ; consequently, the place is becom- ing more settled and important and de- sirous of having a voice in the local politics of the district. From what we heard while there, great displeasure is growing at the apathy of the local govern-- ment in not securing proper wheel traffic between Glen Wills, Sunnyside and Tal- langatta, which is the natural road to the metropolis and other parts of the colony, and also to other colonies. The people intend making their claims heard in the future as a community, and not merely as a part of the Omeo Shire. At present they have very few public men to urge their just claims, but the leading men of the place are beginning to see the necessity of standing up for their rights. A wheel- road will greatly help to advance this splendid mining district, and no doubt some great reefs will he discovered north of Sunnyside and towards the Bogong, which so far is practically unexplored owing to the heavy scrub and difficulty of prospecting. Miners going into this country require to be well equipped with money and provisions. 