TREMENDOUS BUSH FIRES. A TOWN IN DANGER. A HOSPITAL THREATENED. EXCITING EXPERIENCES. SEVERAL LIVES LOST. Melbourne, December 25. Bosh fires are raging in the Beechworth district, and for the people in that dis-<*> trict Black Thursday is being repeated. The people of the district have already added "Black Saturday to their list for the devastation has been wholesale. The town of Beeebwortli was more than once in danger, and on one occasion it was only saved by continued exertions of the townspeople. Early on Saturday morning dense clouds of smoke rose above Woo ragee on the north-east and in the direc tion of Sheep-station Creek on the -west. ir'ire had -been jnropiDg up all over the place on Thursday and Friday, and white raced beaters had failed to keep it under. No surprise was evinced when on Saturday morning it wa3 reported that the -whole of the Wooragee was ablaze. The fire was. then rapidly rushing on towards Beech worth. Volunteers assembled at the Town Hall for tte purpose of beating .back (be Barnes aid keeping the town intact. In the meantime the lire on the west was rapidly <?Tt?nH< ff g its front, and threatened Beech- WOTthoa that fiankt The flames readied' Sewtowh and volunteers went out .4d: stem" its progress. In that direction the fire spread "with intense rapidity, Ow ing to the growth of grass. It -was.be lieved, that lives had been lost, but the 'damage appears to have been confined to property alone." .: " ' ' The •thermometer at this time registered 103? m the shade, bat a hot north wind, which was blowing, .nested 3 fierce heat, which no amount of water could'overcome. About 4 in the afternoon .matters, looked exceedingly.-serious. A hurried warning pealed out from the fire elation that- the' hospital and'its ii>w??tc« were in danger. The fire wsfc graduaUy creeping upto the deep gorge much 'alone separated it from the flames,'«nd if once this direct attack of' flames was successful, nothing could save the hospital and its Dedridden in mates. Then the flames would have rushed on to the destruction of the whole town. The serious gravity of the posi tion was recognised, and it was decided that a determined attempt should be made to prevent the flames passing the gorge. Large numbers of additional beaters join ed those already at wort. Old and young «like fought with determination, and steadily beat the flames back, from L th*> Iwwitttoil grounds. ■ Just '.tfben dpngs seemed most crxtaoal, whenV suiug men * : feared that tbe flames and tbe heat would "be too much for them, the wind changed to the moth and ooneidei Aiy frriped-tnc work of beating back the flames. In the meantime the people in Chnrch-strt**, where the hospital is situated, fearing the worst were parking their most portable va&abies; end preparing to fiee to places of safety. At this time the smoke was so dense and the heat w> intense that it was diffi cult to exactly locate the fire or anything else. After a, time, Ujwwvta, aided by tbe change of wind, lie fire-beaters suc ceeded in stopping an onrush of tie flames, and formed a cordon ox bore ground right past tiie boppkaO. Tbe wind gradually fell, and about half-past 6 there woe a calm,' broken only by the fierce whirr of flames in the distance, which sounded al most like artillery fire, The safety of the town.:was assured for a time at any rate, aad the exhausted fiie-fighten threw tbemeefres down to rest.. Tbe men still concame to watch the most dangerous spoQi throughout the night. Dsriroess orougtat a. eight of grandeur aad «yen of weudness. Looking from One Tree Hill and the Magazine Ridge, the Woofehed Valley on tbe west and the Wooragee Valley on tbe east were like a. massive and enprinnorw sunset, a great crimson: glare, which «vm yet dazzled the eyes aad seemed to reach for across tie horizon, Kke * molten river leading into an unknown land, tie smoke-cloud above it all hanging heavy, aoueo, ud without motion, giving to tbe whole picture a re aHstk setting such as might have enveloped Dante's Inferno. During Saturday night thirty smoke-be grimed messengers reached Beech worth with tales of disastrous fires raging in the Woolsbed. Moomugee, and Bowman's Forests. Thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing had been consumed, and two homesteads bad been totally destroyed, wfa3e the affrighted inmates barely escaped with their lives. Bight in front of fee line of fire .stock, maddened by fear, rushed ever forward, blind to -creeks and water holes, in ibeir mad desire to escape, that most of them met a terrible end the char red bones along the desolate track of the five all too plainly show. Railway ones and telegraph lines hove gone down in this terrible holocaust of fierce flame. Along the "railway track from Tamwangje to Everton and Beechworts> great anxiety was felt for those travelling by tain, as both sides of the line were ablaze, and the angry flames licked savage ly at each other over the embankmente or darted through adverts. The afternoon train stopped occasionally co that burning 4elegianh.postsnngbtbe<etiight,ax>d those who travelled by night were implored by the fire-fighters on toe doomed farms to stop the train and come to their assistance. . Already there is a death - roll in connection with the fires, which stffl rage. fiercely in all ' direc tions. An old couple living in a hut in the centre of a grass paddock on the Mahkoff- road were found burned to & cinder among the little heap of ashes which, malimT tte jsite *>f tiiar hot. Judg ing by abpearancearthey had: fought the flaTn?# wnttsl hti)pe> ljtfa^fl/ ,*j&nd; tbjen enteuug Mie none an 3iiuuh they had i Itt*d4or years-*iet th*r death togetiier. ' ATS-yj??^d>on^« ;Mr. Elbott, of W'Ooragee^wenfr' to X gloss' paddoclcsome distance torn home ta bring ia the cattle, nro nor returned, and^BSfl^uiuui?u TfiMsiins. -TriHi those of , It ik tnV> ?ttds yeOto attempt aoy-'oom puiation>of .Ihe-damage done. Cattle and horses were turned adrift, most of them only to perish; So greater series of fires ever devastated any- Victorian district, and the total loss, of property Trill far ex ceed that caused by the famous Gippsland fires of 1898. Tremendous fires are raging at Newrv, Upper Maffra, the Heyfield .es tate, and in the humed'ste district. It ie reported, that 30Q «crea of the Hevfield estate are not burnt. The loss in fencing, cattle, horses, ftc, is very great. 6hede and bams have been destroyed, while stacks and crops have been consumed. The thermometer at Sale showed 112? in the shade.: . ; Bush fires also broke out in the Euroa district on Saturday and they are still raging. The old Gooran homestead, with ! all the outbuildings, was destroyed, while ! another pastoralist bad hnn^n^a of acres of grass destroyed. Fencing has been demolished,, sheep and cattle burned to death, and wool worth nearly £300 has been swallowed .up by the flames. Hay stacks were involved in the general ruin. Melbourne, December 26. Later particulars show that fully 30 homes and homesteads were totally de stroyed in the Beo el worth district. The flames travelled from 15 to 30 miles an hour. The newly-erected State school on the Chiltern-road was burned to the ground. One man and his family rushed from a burning house into a dam, where they stood up to their necks in water un til tte fierceness of the flames abated. Melbourne, December 26. Further tidings from the Beecbwortn 'district state that along ihe line from Waogaratta to Beechworth, bush fires have done great damage. Thanks to the change of wind and a general fall in the tempera ture this afternoon, there is less general disaster to record than yesterday. A big fire is understood to be stall raging in the direction of Wooragee and Banley. It is stated that near First Creek Messrs.' Barkes and Jenkins's quartz craning mills have been destroyed. Three farms in Bowman's Forest have been completely burnt out, and the fire has also penetrated to the township of Whorouly, where gal hut endeavors have been made all day to ward off the names. The total disasters reported to the police co far show a loss of three lives, particulars of which were sent yesterday; destruction of thousands of acres of grass, 100 miles of fencing, and the burning of about 30 houses. The loss must run into thousands of pounds. A relief fund has been started to aid the suf ferers by the fires. John Blake, aged 4, lost his life in the bush fires which raged about Seymour on Sunday- and Christmas Day. At Kilniore the township was at one time in danger, but happily was saved. Great damage has been done in this district too. The sud den change in the weather Go-night and the downpour of rain reported from various Quarters will do much to put an end to the fires, which are gradually burn ing themselves out. 