THE MERCURY. HOBART: TRUES., SEPT. 1/,^1S99. EPITOME OF »EWS. Victoria-hall Assembly "'Long Night" this evening. Large attendance at Cambridge Plough- ing Match yesterday. Annual meeting of S.T. Junior Cricket Association at Town-hall this evening. Tenders Invited for supplying provi- sions, etc., to Hobart Homoeopathic Hos- pital. Tasman ¡an-bred Shropshires have re- alised good prices at auction in Mel- bourne. Hobart Horticultural Society's Spring Flovvor Show will bo continued at Town hall to-day. Tenders invited by Public Works De- partment for effecting repairs and addi- tions to Richmond police buildings. Misprinú yesterday made date of half yearly meeting of Commercial Bank of Tasmania read "30th" instead ot "20th" ins taut. London tin quotation £147. Lastsales £145. President Kruger placating Rand miners. French vitriolcuse threatens English tourists. Cornelius Vanderbilt, the man of many millions, is dead. Venezuelan troops badly defeated . by revolutionary anny. Gravest fears now entertained for safety of s.s.Waikato. . - - . Cornelius Vanderbilt, deceased, was worth £25,000,000. British ultimatum read in Volksraad. Chief outlines cabled. F. Spencer, Brisbane Post Office official, arrested for robbery. II. M.S. Melita cordially welcomed at Odessu. She visits Sebastopol. Steamer Thermopylie has broken in two ?ii Green Point, near Capetown. Sir George Stewart White, V.O., com- mands the British forces at Natal. Opinion at Pretoria anticipates accept- ance of Mr. Chamberlain's terms. Latest news concerning the s.s. Waikato comes from Lyttclton, New Zealand. All the specie which was aboard the s.s. Thermopylie (t50,000 worth) lias been saved. Public indignation at the Dreyfus ver- dict getting increasingly strong in Vic- toria. Household Suffrage Bill read u second time in South Australian Legislative Assembly. Tivoli Theatre fire has caused loss esti- mated at nearly £30,000. Mr. Harry Rickards loses heavily. Thermopylie, s.S., bound from Australian ports to London, via the Cape, ^totally lost near the latter port. AU lives saved. Through tourists' tickets proposed for China, Japan, Australia, and Canada, from Euston Railway Station and back again. United States Government, as an act of courtesy, offers 5,000dol. indemnity for relatives of five Italians recently lynched. Steamer Tekoa, supposed to have found- ered off Staten Island, has arrived at Falkland Islands, after a distressful expe- rience. West Australian nautical authorities consider the Waikato steamer has drifted within a few hundred miles of the coast of that colony. There is a probability In the Dreyfus case of the German Government publish- ing liorthrcau documents to estublish the innocence of Dreyfus. Mr. Chamberlain's latest, and possibly hist, despatch on the Transvaal trouble bas been handed to the Secretary of State for the Republic. Barque Aaiborg, which spoke missing steamer Waikato on August 3, supplied her with some biscuits, nil the stores the steamer required at that date. In the House of Assembly yesterday, A stallion and bull tax was recommended in the usual way-Stallion 40/, bull lü/. Also loans to local bodies :-Longford water district, £1,500 ; Table Capo Marino Board for wharf and approaches ntBurnie, £10,000. Devonport-To redeem deben- tures, £1,000 ; new Town-hall, £1,500. Mr. Gilmorh's desire to move a resolu- tion without notice in regard to the Dreyfus case was not complied with. Hobart Board of Health by-laws were laid on the table. Amendments of the Legislative Council in the Education Bill were partly agreed to. Rocky River Tramway Bill was read a second time and passed through committee with amendments. The Evandale Water Rill w.is passed through nil its stages. The Piiemieu moved that the Govcrnor in Council be authorised to enter into negotiations with the Launceston and Western Railway Co. Limited for the sale by them to the Goveriior-in-Council of the rights of the said company now held under section 24 of 37 Victoria, No. 20, for a sum not exceeding £25,000. Debate fol- lowed, and the motion was agreed to. The rest of the evening was spent in Committee of Supply. The Select Committee on the Strahan Marine Board obtnined till the 21st inst. to bring up their report. The House, nt 10.55 p.m., adjourned till 1 p.m. next day. The report of the Surveyor-General and the Secretary for Lands, which was laid ou the table of the Assembly on Tuesday evening, is on the whole a satisfactory document. Though we hear a great deal about the wants and the woes of the agriculturists, especially when there is a proposal to repeal duties on necessaries, we find that there is a steady demand for land year by year, and that those who are upon it appear to hold their own fairly well, while they always have the ad- vantage of being regarded as the pride and glory of their country, like " a bold peasantry." Even the Surveyor - General, who is not, as far as we know, poetically inclined, referR to the " para- mount importance of agricultural settlement to the welfare of the com- munity," as a full excuse for any re morlro fhaf. h« mav make on the Dro gre8s or decline of settlement. Happily, he has a very satisfactory tale to tell. Though in every colony there is or bas been a land swindle, by which the i »land has been acquired for specula ^ live purposes, on the whole the more recent laws in this colony, intended to promote bona-fide occupation of the land on easy terms, are working in a satisfactory manner. Moreover, the selectors under former .laws, who were at one time much in arrear, seem to be gradually pulling themselves together, and thus are steadily acquiring free- holds of which they will be proud and hand down to their children. This may be a highly improper state of affairs from the philosophical point of view of the land-reformer, but it is and always has beeu human nature, and we are rather moro in- clined to think that the reformer is a goose than that human-nature has always beeu in the wrong. The pur- chasers of land, whether they be wicked or the bone and sinew of tho country, are steadily paying off their arrears of purchase money, as shown by the return which the official mind regards as satisfactory. At the end of 1S95 the arrears amounted to £48,497 ; in 1896 to £43,246 ; in 1897 to £30,591 ; and in December last to £33,336. This shows that the people on the land are gradually making their way, and though we think that a great deal more might be done than is done, it is agreeable to learn that land settlement is going on so well. Of course, there were forfeitures during the past year, as there always will be, for various reasons, but they have not been so large as to show that " earth hunger " has been allayed, and the desire for land satiated In 1898 the number of lots forfeited was 160, amounting to 11,322 acres, not a very large area when we remember how very many mistakes are made in settlement upon the land. The important matter "of settlement is the touchstone after all, for there are always plenty of persons ready to take upland, though in most of the colonies settlement is uncertain and spasmodic. The more liberal system adopted in this colony recently seems to be working well, and we may say that no system can be too liberal so long as it secures the bona-fide occupation of the soil. There is ample room for many small industries connected with the land in this colony, industries not ' yet half developed, so that the law cannot deal too liberally with those who really mean to live on and by the soil. Take the law which allows three years free residence, before any demand is made for paymeut, bat which limits the area selected to 50 acres, quite as much as the small worker is able to manage. Under this law 134 selections were made last year, amounting to 5,204 acres, many of the selections being under 50 acres. These selections mean small industries, and may prove to be of great value to i the colony. The number of selections L under the 14 years' credit system during the year ending the 30th June, 11899, was 207, comprising an area of 11,863 acres. Thus, we find a marked increase in the revenue collected by the Department, that is, £6,672 on the year, but a decrease of a slight character in the selections, owing to various causes, amongst which bush fires played a conspicuous part. The special legislation, under which selectors are allowed to decrease their selections, seems to work fairly well, for it affords relief to those who have made the common mistake of selecting more land than they can manage. This legislation, though it has been resisted, is, undoubtedly, very béné- ficiai, because it enables the selector to reduce his land to within the com- pass of his means. The Subveyor Genebal seems to think that it gives the selector the chance to " pick the eyes out of his holding," and throw J the rest of it back upon the Govern- ment, but there is not much in this after all. A selector might have at first selected the portion which he elects to keep at last, and the Govern- ment would not have been any better off. There cannot be a doubt that many selectors embarrass themselves seriously by selecting too large an area, and it would be both cruel and unwise of the Government to pin them down to their original mistake. The operation of the law is seen in the figures given, which show that some selectors were glad to be .released. During the year 24 lots were dealt with, the area granted being 1,396 acres, whilst 2,574 acres reverted to the Crown. This shows that the selectors have much over- estimated their means, and, no doubt, now find themselves very much better off with a smaller area of land. There were still 21 lots being dealt with in June last, of which the selectors asked for 844 acres only, while 1,891 acres would revert to the Crown. During the year 102 lots weic inspected, and it was found that 834 acres were resided upon and improved, 2,403 acres were improved but not resided upon, 741 acres were unimproved aud unoccupied, und the total nrea forfeited was 641 acres. The Surveyou-General having at last got the survey system into some- thing like order, that is, under one control, is naturally so far satisfied. He reports that all is working nell, which he illustrates by the fact that since the new arrangement many hundreds of surveys have been made for the Mines and SO miles of roads and other surveys for the Public Works Department, " and not a siugle hitch or trouble has occurred." The Surveyor-General has now, in fact, coutrol of all the surveys, and thus the business is reduced to a uniform system. The business is not, however, yet in proper order, and never will be until the advice of competent persons is accepted, and self-sufficient Ministers, troubled with " invincible ignorance," are not allowed to meddle with what they do not and cannot be made to î . .1 mi . h-u" "" 4-t.o understand: xno " marKs on mo i ground" delusion should have been fully banished by this time, but it is | still the practice to rely upon it, with possible results in the future which it is not very satisfactory to contemplate. The Surveyor-General says : Something more than at present exists is, however, essential as a foundation upon which to huild up a survey system In re- gard to the accurate location of isolated surveys mid groups of surveys, especially in relation to uniformly fixing the position of leases in mining fields. At present the position of lease boundaries is dependent upon chance and the more or less perish- able survey-marks made in the timber on the ground (stoning up the corner pegs is often impracticable). This is a matter In which reform Is imperative. Timber is scarce in many places and subject to great destruction by bush-flres : it will also be consumed in thousands of tons dally in working the mines on the West Coast at no distant date. It is, therefore, apparent that great risk is being run in relying upon wood marks for reproducing original surveys where large interests are involved between couteudfng lessees. All competent persons are agreed that until surveys are connected with some permanent natural object there can be no. security, and this is the practice in ino.it, if not all, of the other colonies. Steps should be taken to make the survey system here complete, and it' remains to be seen whether the present Ministerial head has the courage and the knowledge to initiate once more a permanent and satisfactory survey pystem, based on scientific uriiicinles. Gazette Extiiaohdinaiiy.-A Gazette Extraordinary has been issued, containing tlie assessment roll for the municipal dis- trict of Selby. Any person feeling aggrieved by any assessment or particulars contained in the roll, and intending to appeul, must do so within 30 days. Educational.-A new classroom is to be built at the Forcett School, and a skillion is to be redivided into two small rooms, and added to the teacher's residence. Funeral or the Late John Roberts. -The funeral of the late John Roberts, solicitor, took place yesterday morning, and was well attended by members of the legal piofasxion and others. There were 30 carriages. The funeral left the de- ceased's late residence, Upper Liverpool street, at 9 o'clock, for the Queenborough Cemetery, where the remains were in- terred in the family vault. The pall- bearers were the Hon. Adye Douglas, and Messrs. E. Freeman and L. Lodge. Bishop Montgomery und Dean Kite con- ducted tile impressive bunal service of the Churi'h of England, fiist at the mortuary chapel and then at the grave, in un im- pressive manner. Messrs. A. Clark and Son had charge of the funeral arrange- ments, and fulfilled their duties elliciently. The collin was made of polished pine with solid brass mountings. Messrs. T. M. Evans, Alderman Smith, and the secretary (Mr. Clyde Hamilton), attended in their oflicial capacity as members of the Hobart Fiie Brigade lioaid, of which the deceased was for some time o member. Auomac given to cuttle increases the supply of milk. City Police Couur.- There weie no eis s for disposal at the Police Court yes teulay. AnoMAoat this season is invaluable for horses The woild-renow-ned tonic and stimulant -AVOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. Stone Throwing.-The Corporation roadmen have recently put down some loose metal without any, blinding at the junction of Montpelier-road and Albuera street, and the boys fiom Batteiy Point School on their way home to Sandy Bay, avail themselves of this oppoitunity for stone throwing. It is their customary afternoon recreation. Who is to blaine, the boys or the Corporation 1 To 'keep poultry healthy give them Auomac. Valuable testimonials. For "that tired feeling"-WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS-it cheers tho mind. Ai.leiieii Assault.-John Cane, aged 70, reported to the police yesterday morn- ing that while returning home from the Dean's meeting on Tuesday night, with his wife and a friend named Thomas Williams, aged 83, he was assaulted in Hartingtou-street by a number of lads, ranging in age from 15 to l8. Ho was struck on the head and knocked down. His aged wife was also knocked down, on to the road, grazing her arm. The police intend institutings pioceeding ngainst the ofl'endeis.' NECKTIE SALE-A. J.NETTLEFOLD is now holding a Cheap Tie Sale. " Jumbo," a blend of pure Indian Tens, packed by Nelson, Moate & Co. Egos all the year round by giving the fowls Auomac. Professionally recommended and univer sally esteemed-WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. St. David's Cathedral.-A lecture by Mr. J. W. Beattie, illustrated by lime- light slides, will be given at tho Synod ball on 18th inst. The lecture is entitled, " From Kelly's Basin to Gormanston " Both the lecture; which contains Mr. Beattie'« personal reminiscences of his tour, and the illustrations, .which can hardly be surpassed, should prove most attractive, anil secure a crowded audience. A. J. NETTLEFOLD is Clearing his non- stock of Ties nt Cost Prices. ' Five O'clock Tea is perfection. Blended by Nelson. Moate & Co. Something upon which vou can rely the genuine WOLFE'S SCHNAPPS. Bitioiiro.v Fruit Board.--The annual meeting of fruitgrower« of the Brighton district will be held at Bagdad to-morrow to elect three members. Why pay more, when NETTLEFOLD'S are ottering Ties at Clearing Prices. Afternoon Cup Tea. Sold by all grocers. See Nelson, Moate & Co.'s name on each packet. Ask for and see that you get WOLFE'S the only real SCHNAPPS. Entertainment at Temperance hall.-An entertainment, consisting of the comedies A Model Husband and The Limerick Ho;/, will be given at the Temper- ance-hall on September l8. AU lovers of good Tea should insist on getting Nelson, Moate & Co.'s Sold everywhere. NECKTIES at prices which defy com- petition. A. J.'NETTLEFOLD. WOLFES SCHNAPPS - the purest spirit in the world. Sale ok Crown Lands.-A number of lots of Crown lands, situated in various parts of the colony, will be sold by public auction on several dates in October. The terms of sale and full particulars are given in advertisement. Indigestion is tho chuko of nlno-tcnths of our bodily allmonts, slnco it producoa nil kinds of pallin mid aches, both In mind mid body, It's chief symptoms aro Flatulence, Headache, piina about the 8tomucb, wcarlncBi, deprcs «ion of spirits, constipation and tho appotlio may bo bad, or it may bo natural, and thoro mny bo a ¿rent feeling of hunger directly after moal«. SomotlmoH tlicro is opprchnlon of tho breathing, palpitation of tho heart, otc. The host remedy i« Gould's Diokstivk Powder, a Homoeopathic trituration, which I seldom failli. It is sold In Bottled at 1/0 ; 3 1 bottles for ii, nnd may bo sont por pout any whoro. H. T. Gould A Co., tho Homceopathlo Pharmacy. 78, Kliataeth-itreet, Hobart. 