("By " Captivator."!) The weather continues dry, and great distress is being suffered by vast numbers of people who are forced to stay in awful places, made worse now by the droughty state of the country. This is how a " Back Blocker," among other cheerful things, holds forth in an Albury paper : " Being an old colonist of some 45 years standing, and having passed through many and varied experiences in my adopted country for the past 35 years, earning my bread by the sweat of my brow, or what the rising generation call " graft," I think I am fairly well qualified to reply to a correspondent from Gunbar, in your issue of the 20th inst.,. dealing with the drought now and the last four years that has wrought such terrible havoc among the flocks and herds in that arid, God-forsaken country (I speak advisedly), and to endorse to the full all he says re value of land in that " never never" region. I have unfor- tunately been a resident up that part for the past six years, and endured its untold miseries, where cabbages, cauli- flowers, and all of that ilk, have only —nor excepting fruit—been present in dreams, save for the occasional visit of a much despised " Chow," who can knock spots off his vaunted superiors, the Anglo-Saxon race, in providing vegetables and fruit in that desolate land, by means of irrigation and un- tiring industry. Your correspondent tells the truth; the value of the land is nothing, absolutely nothing, and the poor unfortunates whom fate or des- tiny has driven to make a home there, are to be pitied—even by their enemies. . . . What causes all this dread- ful desolation, ruin, outsiders may ask. The answer is very simple: Rabbits have to answer for destroying the grass that is eaten completely out on the rich, loose, alluvial soil, and re- placed by nothing but a green moss or slime, roots being totally annihilated. Add to this four years drought, dingoes ia galore, who annex all or nearly all the lambs, and chuck in a bush- fire or two caused by the phosphorus paste spread to poison bunny, and which goes one better too often and kills cattle, sheep, horses, and last year, at Gunbar, one or two fine children, who died through, carelessness in putting strychnine about, and you have a pretty faithful reflex of things out back in the dry interior. No overdrawn picture, but one which the writer of this will only be too happy to show our head centre ofLands administration if he will only post a letter to " One Crying in the Wilderness," Gunbar. The Municipal Council of Wagga Wagga advertised for an Inspector of Nuisances at £125 per annum, and out of 26 applicants a local Justice of the Peace got the billet—J.P., I.O.N. should be sufficient letters for any man to place after his name these drought- stricken times, don't yer think ? People who use phosphorous to kill rabbits should look out some, and keep the gates locked. A Wagga resident lost 500 sheep the other day, owing to a gate being left open which led into a poison-baited paddock. They were valuable sheep, too, and they all died; and now the owner is looking out for the coon who left that gate ajar. Cookamidgera always struck the writer as being a curious sort of name to give any place, but the high-sound- ing nomenclature of many of the Riverina centres of population leaves good old Flagstone "out of the run- ning" in the polysyllabic jumble com- petition. Burrumbuttock is not bad -—reminds one of Mr. W. Packham's famous hop beer—then there are Man- dawaddera, Mullangandary, Woomer- gama, and—this awful yap-yap— Yackandandah (ugh!) Then there are the softer-sounding Pomingarlarna, Tallangatta, Uranquinty, and Carra- warna. But for a ridiculous conglom- eration of syllables, and one that de- mands a great effort on the part of any one who tries to properly pronounce it, this Eunonyhareenyha just about beats the lot. Just fancy, when the rail- way gets to Whatyoumaycall it above —the poor guard wrestling with a name like that to apprise sleepy travellers they " hev arrove !" 