OUR COUNTRY SERVICE. (3?hom Our Correspondents. ) A SERIOUS BUSHFIRE. . Echuca, Friday. j A very serious \\-bush fire, broke;. out at Tooringabbv homestead, on Iho Murray River, on the New South Wales side, and spread over (he long grass with fearful rapidity. It {ravelled for a distance of five miles, destroying thousands of: acres of grass and miles of fencing. It was not stopped until it reached the late Mr. Archibald Leach's holding. | CASTLEMAINE, Friday. I Isdecekt Behavior.—The wife of the licen see of the Junction hotel, Wesley Hill, was char^ed with the above offence. The evidence ihowed that while under the influence of drink !he was bathing in the water-trough in frortt of ,he hotel last Sunday afternoon, and then run ling about the street, perfectly nude, to" dry lerself. Accused pleaded guilty, but begged tor leniency. She had been locked up since f3unday, and would take the pledge to drink ncr pore. Mr. Anderson, P.M., after severely re primanding accused, discharged her. f Ax Ing'ORRIO-Hile Gikt,.—A girl of prepos sessing appearance,-named Teresa Hunt,-15 iveara old, was charged with being a neglected child. Her aunt, Mrs. Marcus, licensee ■ of the Beehive hotel, complained that the girl was en tirely beyond her control. She was in the halSit of staying out at nights, and would .not say where she went to. On New Year's night she was out, and came home with a new umbrella, new shoes and 5s (id. She would not say where she got the goods and money. On another oc casion she caught the girl coming out of her bedroom, and afterwards found some money ■ hidden uncler the bedclothes. Sergeant Arm strong stated he was sent for, and the girl con fessed shs had stolen money from her a tint's drawer. On being asked where she went to when staying out at nights, she refused to an swer. Tivp police recommended thit she be sent to the Industrial Schools- An.. orden_was made that-she be handed over to the care of the Department for Neglected Children. ' 1 ' LAKE BOG A, Thursday'. , Fire.—Mr. Blake's residence at Fish Point, neac Boga,'and contents were totally consumed by-fire-oa-Mo'nday night-.- "There was no person at homo at the time, Mr. and Mrs. Blake being in Kerang and the sons and two daughters were, absent at a picnic in the day time, and at a soci.il gathering at night. The fire cannot be accounted for, a.5 everything appeared safe when they left I home. I understand the house and contents I areinsnrodjJjut-the amount is not known. MISSING. - A resident of Bendigo, whose name is said to be John Molloy, came up here some weeks ago to collect bones. He had been stay- ing at Mr. Boys's hotel but has been missing since Tuesday evening. He was then seen lean- ing against a wire fence close by the hotel, and complained that his tooth was paining. As he did not appear next day a search was made, and his clothing was found on the bank of the lake near the hotel as if he had taken them off to have a bath. The Swan Hill police were made aware of the facts and have been dragging the lake, but so far without success. j , " ECHUCA, Friday. 1 ;• Tub French Pedestrian',—Dr: Bonier, the itinerant scientist, who is Walking around the Lwovldj arrived in Echnca yesterday ^afternoon, buluvAS_S9.il LUiatheJiad. to-be-con veyed to the hospital. He is suffering very severely from lumbago;'and is generally in a bad state'of health. " ... V , ■The Wharf Line.—Gangers' .arebusy put ting 's new line down at the whar'f.; New Wheat.—New wheat 13 being rushed into Echuca by river before the %y.ater gets too low to allow of navigation. . 1 " ROCHESTER, Friday. j Acuii)i" : Walker met with a.rather severe accident on i Wednesday list. She was driving into Roches ! ter, accompanied by her granddaughter, Miss Jaek—when —(.he - horse bolted, and they were thrown oubof the buggy. Mrsv Walker had her shoulder dislocated and her wrist sprained, but, under the care of -Dr. Littlewodd, she is riiakiug good progress towards recovery. Miss Jack escaped with a few bruises and a severe shaking. . . - , :... The Harvest.—With the exception of a few fanners who have their threshing to do, har vesting operations are finished in this district, and the farmers are busily engaged carting their grain into the town. The average yield of wheat will be from 2J to. 3 bags per acre. The ruling price for wheat to-day is 2s 2d per bushel. 