Ode Bauple correspondent writes under date 17th November We' have been having very sultry, hot weather for the last two or three weeks, and the clouds- of dust are something terrible. The crushing at the sugar mill is drawing to a close tor tne season, and they will probably be closing dpwh some time next week. Be railway matters, I noticed Mr. Survejor Phillips and three jor four local gentlemen going over the different routes. I hope it comes to something this time, as a railway to Bauple is badly wanted. Heavy bushfires are reported to be raging in various parts of the district, and passengers fromj)Pialba by the train last evening state that both sides of the line were also in a blaze iri'many places. It is -to jbe hoped that rain will shortly fall or the result will be serious, aB stockowncrs complain of great scarcity of both grass and water, and these fires will burn up what poor feed is left for the unfortunate animals. The Sydney Senior Examinations will be , continued to-day for which the following arrangements have been made : —Morning subject : Higher Latin. Committee : Mrs. Fenny, Rev. Boyall. Afternoon : Higher English. Committee : Mrs. Gray, Mr. T. F. Palmer. The. Word Amtralisclw Zeitung , wkich hitherto has appeared weekly, wiU- on and after 2nd January next be published tri weekly, on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays. We would call attention to an advertise ment in another oolumn throwing open certain lands to agricultural farm selection. An advertisement notifies etookowners that the assessments for 1900 are due ou J anuary 1st, and also gives other necessary information. The moonlight parade of the 2nd Regi ment, Q.D.F., ordered for to-night, has been cancelled. i Last year Mr. Jerry Flynn, a former resident of Gulgong, was employed at Bullagreen station, near Gilgandra, weigh ing wool. One day during the shearing, his waistcoat, containing a gold watch, cuum, and appendage disappeared. The articles were Very much valueu oj Mr. Flynn, as they had been bequeathed to him by his father, who received them as a presentation while he 'was in the police force. Ho naturally concluded that the articles had been stolen, and put the matter in the hands of the police, who, however, failed to find the missing property. Quite recently Mr. Jones, tbe owner of Bullagreen, received a letter from an English wool manufacturing firm, informing him that on opening one of his bales of wool a waistcoat, containing a gold watch, chain, and appendage, bad been found therein. This, of course, clears up tho mystery surrounding the disappearance of the articles, and they are now on their way back to Australia. A prominent merchant declares that ' the money expended for advertising is the same as if placed on interest.' This is the proper view to be taken of advertisements placed in n popular newspaper. Not only is there a valuable return resulting from the profits in wares which may ^e specified in a mer chant's business announcement, but tbe additional sales extend and more firmly es tablish the advertiser's trade. Thus this great medium of communication with the public enables the tradesmau to enlarge his sphore of operations, and as a consequence to Assume a more important standing in the commercial world. The returns for the merchant's outlay in advertising far exceed in value the interest that would be received on the amount of money so expended. — Philadelphia Record. According to reports from Russian authorities-in Central Asia, the Ameer of Afghanistan is growing insane, and serious troubles are impending in that country Not only is Abdurrahman unaccountably suspicious towards all Europeans there, but (says the correspondent of the Daily Tele graph) he openly regards the contribution paid to him by the Anglo-Indian Govern ment as a subsidy for defending English territories from Russian attacks, and con siders himself entitled at any moment to join hands with Russia — on condition, how ever, that the Czar's representatives will pay him well enough. Oor member; Mr. N. Tooth, M.L.A., has handed us the following for public informa tion : — ' Department of Agriculture, Bris bane, 15th November, 1899.' Sir, — I beg to inform you that the subsidy paid for the destruction of the sugar cane grub will be continued for this year at the same rate as paid last year. I have, &c.;, J. V. Chata way, Secretary for Agriculture.'— llccordt'r^ 