FRESH-FOUND ZEAL. MUNICIPAL THE extraordinary energy displayed by some members of the Geraldton Municipality m endeavoring to induce the Council to refuse permission to the Victoria Fire] Insurance Company to reconstruct the "Telegraph Chambers" with similar material to that of which they were formerly composed, is exciting no little comment in the town, and, in many instances, motives the reverse of disinterested are ascribed to a section of those who are concerned in the move. We should be sorry to think that there is ground for the suspicion, but the indecent haste exhibited in some quarters to over-ride the by-laws of the Municipality and bring to a swift termination a practice decided upon after much deliberation and adhered to for over two years, is apt to set people a wondering and provoke the distrustful portion of the community to inquire into the why and the wherefore of this soul-consuming desire for sweeping innovation. * * * The circumstances of the case, so far as we can ascertain them, are these. Last month the " Telegraph Chambers," the property of Mr. ROBERT DARLING, were burned clown. The Victoria Insurance Co.,. with whom Mr DARLING had taken out a policy, were entitled, in the terms of that policy, to either hand Mr DARLING £600 in cash, or reerect the buildings. They decided on the latter course, and took immediate steps to carry out their decision. On Monday night last, the Mayor read a memo, from the Town Surveyor, announcing the company's intention,4but this was deemed irregular. At an adjourned meeting on the following evening, a formal notice in strict compliance with the by-laws was lodged, and it then rested with the Council to come to a conclusion as to whether they should grant the necessary license to build. ' No. 2 of the by-laws of the Municipality, reads as follows : " Every person intending to commence to build, iiake down, alter, add to, or repair any building, or do any act whereby any public street may be obstructed or rendered dangerous or inconvenient to persons passing over or near thereto shall give three days notice in writing, to.the Surveyor, of his intention so to do, and shall deposit drawings and specifications of the proposed works. Such notice shall bo delivered at the Surveyor's office, and shall contain particulars of the site and nature of such intended buildings, work or other act. The Surveyor shall thereupon graut a license in the form A. of the schedule hereto." It was under this by-law that the Insurance Company applied, and thev seem to have fulfilled its requirements to the letter. A number of Councillors, however, in spite of the reasonable remonstrances of the Mayor, clamored for a refusal of the application, unless the Company agreed to construct the Chambers wholly of stone or brick. Now No. 7 by-law says :— • " With regard to the component materials of external walls that front upon or face towards any public street. Every such wall must be built of brick or stone or artificial stone together laid on and with mortar or cement in such manner as to produce solid work." Acting on the strength of this bylaw, the Council have for the past two years insisted only on the. front walls of any building facing a public street being constructed of stone or brick. The Councillors who, on Monday and Tuesday nights donned their war paint to do battle against the Insurance Company, maintained that the by-law was not in conformity with the 13th section of [i The Building Act, 1884." which states that— " No buildings shall, after the passing of this Act, be erected within any municipality, the external walls of which building shall be wholly or in part of wood." They appear, however, to have overlooked the fact that in the amended Act, assented to in August 1887, section 3 modifies this. It reads— '•'Nothwithstanding the 13th section of ' The Building Act, 1884,' the Municipal Council shall have power in their discretion to permit, by written liccnse, the erection lof any building under such restrictions or for such time as the license shall specify." So that even if No. 7 by-law was ultra vires, or insufficient, this amendment palpably gives a discretionary power to the Council to grant a license in the present case. And then the question arises, why should they not grant a license? During the last two years there have been numerous buildings erected in Geraldton, fronting public streets, of exactly the same material as that proposed to be used in the construction of the Chambers, and there has not been one word of protest from any Councillor or from the public. Moreover, the question of vested interests comes in. The application seeks only to replace the structure burned down with one exactly similar. The row of buildings destroyed by fire last month stand on ground which is leased only for a short term' of years. To now compel the people who hold these leases to put up permanent structures after granting them permission in the first place to erect temporary ones, would be—as the Mayor pointed out—a gross injustice and wrong. It would be depriving them of the fruits of their enterprise: Mr DARLING mav have no wish to stand on ceremony in the matter, but there are the other leaseholders. The latter are not building now, but they may want to build later on. What if Mr ALEXANDER is anxious to re-build, and finds that he must erect his large warehouses of stone or brick on land which will pass out of his hands in a few years? Last of all there is the Insurance Company. Most people have little sympathy with an Insurance Co. .It is regarded as a fit subject to bleed. But is has rights in this particular instance, and a public body like a Municipal Council should be the last to try to rob it of those rights. * * * While complimenting the Mayor and congratulating the town on the heroic stand taken by him in connection with the matter, we must confess we cannot comprehend the peculiar attitude of some of the Councillors over this question, and we have no ambition to probe the motives underlying their behaviour. But the appalling suddenness with which they have given birth to aspirations for the architectural adornment of' the town of their adoption, and the nervous anxiety which they have betrayed to block the Insurance Company's application, cannot do other than excite vmblic' criticism of a decidedly free-and-easy' character. Nor are these Councillors satisfied with {.heir defeat of Tuesday night. They have returned to the charge with renewed vigor, and, at their instigation, a requisition has be6n addressed to the Mayor requesting him to call a special meeting to deal with the question anew. Why all tin's abnormal activity ? Why this mysterious, preternatural solicitude for the inauguration of a stone and brick era in Geraldton ? The public will want to know. Where a number of Councillors, who have hitherto kept as silent as mutes about the merits or defects of the Building Act, almost tumble over one another in their frantic efforts to have the provisions of that Act distorted but of recognition in order to apply them with unprecedented severity to a particular case, there rises at once a haunting suspicion in the average mind that behind the little cloud of verbal smoke in which they envelope themselves there is a bushfire on either a large or a small scale 