Domestic Intelligence. [By our reporter.] ST. ANDREW'S DAY, Yesterday being the Anniversary of St. Andrew's Day, between sixty and seventy gentlemen, & civil and military officers, dined at Cummings' Hotel, to commemo- rate the day. At a quarter to seven o'clock the company having assembled in the drawing-rooms, Dinner was announced as being on the table, when the Stewards ushered the guests to the dining-room. Sixty-four persons sat down to a dinner got up in Cummings' usual style. Co- lonel Snodgrass took the chair, and was ably supported by Major Mitchell at the bottom of the table ; the Stew- ards exerted themselves during the repast, to meet the wants of the company, and the Dinner went off with a regularity not always witneseed at public din- niers. When the cloth was removed, the Band of H. M. 17th regiment took their station at the upper end of the room and the following toasts were then drunk with bumpers. The KING (4 times 4). Air, " God save the King." The QUEEN and ROYAL FAMILY.. Air, " Blythe and merry was she." The sacred memory of our immortal Saint. Air, "Land o' the ..eal" The Navy and Army. Air " Britons strike home." His Excellency the Governor. Air, ''There's nae huck about the house." Lord Goderich and the Colonies. Air, "The boatie rows." The Chief Justice and Judges of the Colony. Air, "A grand march." Miss Bourke and the Ladies of the Colony. Air, " Smile again my bonnie lassie." The Land o' Cakes, and prosperity to the Sons of St. Andrew all over the world. Air, "Blue bonnets over the border." The Venerable the Archdeacon and the Clergy of the Colony. Air, " Chorus from the Creation " Mr. M'Leay and the Civil Officers of the Colony. Air, " Highland laddie." The Attorney-General and the Bar of Australia. Air, " Fee him, Father, fee him." Lieutenant Col. Despard and the officers of the 17th Regiment, Air, " March of the 17th Regt. Lieut. Col. McKenzie and the officers of the 4th or King's own. Air "March of the 4th Regt. Major Poole and the detachment of the 39th Regt. Air " March of the 39th Regt." Mr. Laidley and the Commissariat Department, Air, "The kail brose of auld Scotland." The sons of St. George, St. Patrick and St. Da- vid, who have honoured us this day with their presence. Air " Willie brewed a peck o' maut." The Agricultural and Commercial interests of the Colony. Ar, "Ca' the ewes to the knowes." Sir Walter Scott and the Minstrelsy of Scotland. Air, "Roderick vich Alpin Dhu." The Sister Colony. Air "Corn Rigs." The memory of Robert Burns. Air, "What ails this heart o' mine," The President. Air, " Scots wha hae wi' Wal- lace bled." The Vice-President. Air, " Ye banks and braes." In the course of the evening several songs were sang, which contributed greatly to the conviviality of the meeting. One only of the Judges were present; Mr. Forbes and Mr. Stephens being prevented from attending through indisposition. Mr. M'Leay did not attend, as was his usual custom; the principal officers, civil and military, appeared to be happily united, and the evening passed off with. the greatest harmony. About one o'clock, the more sedate guests began to with- draw; but a select party of bachelors' kept their seats until three o'clock, when the last of the party disappeared. Mr Cummings received the thanks of the Stewards and the company for his atten- tion. The new row of handsome shops in Hunter Street, are filling very fast. They are a great improvement to the town, and at the same time most advantageously situated for the retail trade. In a misdemeanour case which went before the Sydney Police the other day, Mr Rowe attempted to plead for the defendant, he being an assigned servant. As the law considers all assigned convicts to be incapable of holding property, to suppose them rich enough to employ Counsel is really too much of a good thing, merciful as we are inclined to be to prisoners of the Crown. Only think of all the convicts of the country, in their turn, employ- ing all the Bar, whenever they are taken before the Bench for disobedient or disorderly con- duct ! Mr Rowe's modest proposal, was duly acknowledged by Mr Windeyer, but he veery properly declined acceding to it. Crawford, who robbed and ill-used Mr Suttor, dies on Thursday next. Of all the cheap shops in Sydney, Mr James Simmons's, we understand, is the cheapest, and is likely to continue so until he has sold off his large stock and converted the whole into Treasury Bills. In ironmongery, we under- stand, Mr Iredale's stock has sold at very reasonable prices. Our columns seem to exhibit every thing which either settler or merchant can require, whether as an ornament to the drawing-room or for use in the kitchen. We extract the following from a London Paper of the 1st of July. "The following notices of motion, in connection with this subject, have been given for the next week, and our readers need hardly be assured of the anxious attention with which we shall wait their results. " Mr O'Connell - That the papers presented on the 15th July, 1831, referring to the case of Denis McHue, of New South Wales, so far as those pa- pers solely relate to this case, be printed. 6th July. "Mr O'Connell - Petition from Mr John Ste- phen, junior, complaining of the conduct of' General Darling, the late Governor of New South Wales, in suspending him from his office of com- missioner of crown lands, and dismissing him from the magistracy without just and proper cause; 5th July. "Mr. Hunt- To move, for "a return of all the letters addressed by the right honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonies, in reply to Governor Darling's despatches, relative to the punishment of death of private Joseph Sudds, late of His Majesty's 57th regiment, dated 4 and 12th December, 1826, and 20th April and 26th May, 1829 :- Also, of any opinions which may have been delivered by His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor-General on the charges preferred by Mr. Wentworth in his letter of impeachment. against Governor Darling for the murder of the said Joseph Sudds, addressed to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, on 1st March 1829:- Also, that the portions of Mr. Wentworth's said letter of impeachment which have been omitted in the returns laid upon the table of this House, on the 1st July 1830, be also presented ;-- Also, that the petition of Patrick Thompson, presented on the 8th July 1830, complaining of the illegal conduct of Governor Darling, and praying for redress, be forthwith printed." 5th July." The men per Parmelia were all landed on Wednesday, and duly assigned, sinking among our population as the water sinks among the sand, not being to be seen the next day. Had they been free men, they would have remained above the sand with the tenacity of clay. Such is the difference between youth and age; men unincumbered and men encumbered, and men who must work whether they will or no, and men who need not work if they choose to starve. There is a fire in the bush at Lane Cove, which has been burning above a week. It has destroyed one settler's dwelling. The weather is indeed parching, and is not rendered cooler: by these fires in the bush. Another fire burnt a field of hay at Home Bush, on the Parramatta Road, and another large bush fire has been very destructive in the neighbourhood of Windsor. It will be well if we hear of no fields of wheat being burnt. A spark is enough those hot winds to ignite a field of ripe grain. The candles now made by Mr Mackie, are whiter and more like mould candles, than any we have yet seen in this Colony. They are also perfectly sweet, and burn steadily. They are a good substitute for mould candles, which have not been offered for sale of late by many of our candle makers. There has been considerable excitement in Hobart Town, with respect to divers libels filed in the Supreme Court. First - The libels are said to be filed ex-officio by the Attorney General. Is this possible? Secondly - Though this should be a mistake of the Editor, still the public seem to think Colonel Arthur is hand and glove with the plaintiffs, and is secretly at the bottom of both. Thirdly- Judge Pedder is found fault with, because he does not interpret the law as our Chief Justice does. But this only shews, that Acts of Par- liament may be made: what any of our Judges may choose to make them and consequently, that the happy result is produced, so pleasant to such men as Darling and Arthur, that our Judges, by proper hair-splitting, may make the law speak what they think is best for the respective.Colonies. And although such result does not go to create confidence in the law, yet it goes to prevent actions being brought and that saves the Judges much trouble, and keeps the People from the vice of litigiousness. The settlers are emigrating from Swan River to Van Dieman's land by the score. No less than 190 souls took their passage from Cock- burn Sound to Hobart Town, in the schooner Eagle, Pratt master, and have safely arrived at the latter place. ANOTHER STREET ROBBERY.-A man, named Caxon, was knocked down, on Sunday night, in Bathurst Street, and after being severely beaten by the assalilants, they left him half dead, first taking away his hat, jacked and handkerchief. Mr Lovey intends to favour the public with his Christmas gambols, the day after Christmas day, at the Royal Hotel. Mr Lyons got £650 for the schooner Friendship, at his auction on Tuesday. On Monday night, the window of the room in which Mr E. S. Hall sleeps, being open, he thought he heard a jar of a different kind to that which would be produced by the wind. He got out of bed to see who was inclined to enter, when he heard a man slide down by the end of the verandah and run off. These sort of attempts have been very common in Sydney of late. It is common to enter peo- ple's houses even by the front door, first boring a hole in the pannel, and then sawing it out with a very fine saw. Mr Marr was robbed in this way, and Mr Gray of York-street on ris- ing on Monday night to ascertain the nature of a strange noise, found his front door minus one of its pannels ; the thieves of course had decamped. The seven desperadoes who robbed Mr Sut- tor's dray, and broke the arm of the driver, arrived in town on Tuesday, under a strong military guard. This was a fortunate capture by the Mounted Police. A butcher named Lee, who lives in Bathurst Street,has been charged with receiving goods, knowing them to have been stolen from Mr Simmons the auctioneer, by the assigned ser- vant of the latter. Sullivan the soldier was recognised in dis- guise, by one of the Serjeants of his regiment on Sunday last, not far from the barracks. He ran, the Serjeant followed, overtook, and secured him. This is another fortunate cap- ture. We are sorry to hear that the bush-fires have done a deal of damage to the Veteran Settlers in Illawarra. Several have had their premises. and crops completely burnt A Public Sub- scription ought to be raised for the sufferers. A Court-martial is sitting in the Mliitary Barracks on certain charges preferred by Major Pool.- Result unknown. We do not wish to busy ourselves with Courts Martial, for though they are open to the public, newspa- pers have little to do with such matters. If the result be published, we shall inform our read- ers. The Officer whose duty it may be, in select- ing stone for the Sydney streets, has made a bad choice, an thereby, not only wasted the public money, but caused tons of dust to be blown about before its time. It is strange to see so obvious a matter as selecting stone so mismanaged An enquiry ought to be in- stituted. Let officers now know that it is the Colonists' money they spend, and that the latter will diligently look after the way in which it is spent. Three Windsor Policemen (dismounted) on an excursion this week, met with four Wind- sor Constables on a dark night. Each party mistook the other for bush-rangers, and fired on each other. The consequence was, that one of the constables was shot, and ano- ther wounded, before the mistake was disco- vered. An Inquest has sat on the body. - Verdict ; Justifiable homicide. " A writer in a Contemporary says--- "In 1493, a commission was given by Murdac Duke of Albany, then Regent of Scotland, to certain indivlduals, for procuring the release of James I., whiche contains these words, " Murdacus Dux Albaniæ. Comes de Fife et Menteith, acs "Regni Scolite Gubernator Uni- versia Salutem." - The date is given "epud Villam de Imperkethine, anno Domino Mil- lesimi, Quadringenteslino viresimo Ter io et Gubernationis nostri, Tertio." How will Gazette explain this anomaly? Your's, PAX. 