The Courier. FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 24, 1834. The Legislative Council having adjourned without passing any enactment regarding the wild and stray dogs with which the country is now so much infested, we trust that such po- lice and other regulations will be adopted as will as far as practicable remove the eril. The act which has just expired, however well framed and intended, from the impracticability of carrying it fairly in all its details into full effect had proved nearly a complete failure. Indeed to far from relieving in many instances the chief sufferers of the nuisance intended to be suppressed, they were the very persons who mainly bore the burden of the tax. For being well disposed tbey readily complied with the law and paid the duty, while the ill disposed continued to evade it and propagate the evil. In the present state of things we really think that a government order carefully drawn up and strictly enforced throughout the several police districts would prove highly beneficial in this as well as many other respects. We are far from supposing that many of the persons who now employ themselves as sawyers, wood cutters, and splitters, on crown lands, are not honest and industrious, but at the same time ee cannot shut our eyes to the fact that several are so employed without any leave or authority whatever, af- fording in these remote and recluse situations even though it might be against their will, an inviting place of refuge to runaways and suspected characters. It is not to be supposed that such men when they descend into the in- habited districts for their occasional supplies, should voluntarily bring all their dogs with them to be licensed at the police office, but will leave them behind until their return, which may again be protracted by a debauch in a public house, meantime the dog or dogs wander about for support, and are never more heard of until in another quarter they appear in the shape of ravenous wild beasts destroying the flocks. By the common law of England we believe that all stray dogs found without the collars of their owners, are claimed as feras naturæ, and are liable to be, and should be destroyed in self defence, by the community, but especially by our field po- lice, who are indeed remiss in Ihcir duty if they do not strive by every means in their power to rid the colony of so injurious a pest. If the Police Magistrates strictly enforced the present regulations to remove all persons found employed in such parts who had not ob- tained the necessary permission as honest and industrious characters from the government to be so employed, we are convinced that much good would result from it. The remoteness of these situations from places of publie wor- ship induces many of these men, if they do not break the Sabbath by directly following the occupation of the other six days, to traverse with their dogs the still more recluse spots to hunt and kill tlic kangaroos for the sake of their skins-a cruel and barbarous work which cannot fail upon individuals so situated to have a demoralizing and destructive effect. What a field is here open for a sincere missionary who like the peripatetics of old should go about for the sole purpose of doing good ! His Excellency, it is understood, will in a few days set out on a tour of the island, and in the course of his journey he will be able more fully to ascertain the truth of these positions, and to adopt in consultation with tho magis- trates and Bettlers generally, the best means of rectifying them. One fact cannot fail to ar- rest attention, which we have more than once pointed out in this journal, namely, the glar- ing want that still exists of proper lock up houses, watch houses or prison stations at mo- derate distances, especially along the great line of communication between Hobart town and Launceston. In our l»6t we mentioned the premature unusual cold ulrich had succeeded tiro gre¡t ..tonn of the 31st August, especially in the north of England and Scotland. Accounts front various parts of the continent also, state the extreme cold which prevailed in Septem ber, so as to prevent the grapes from coining to maturity in the wine countries. Snow waa lying on the tops of most of the highest, hills, and at Mncon especially the thermometer was down to zero. We mention this fact in particular now in order to induce our country readers to be as careful in getting in the pre- sent harvest as possible, losing no corn or fodder that can at all be housed, as our expe- rience of the years we have been in the colony has invariably led ub to expect that a severe winter in Europe will be followed by a similar one in Van Diemcn's land, and coining as it must now do in this instance after a scanty harvest, it behoves us for our own sakes by timely care and economy, and the absence ol all waste and extravagance to avert as much as possible the coining trial. The long con- tinuance of dry weather has so completely ¿ried up the grass, and with the numerous bush fires dcstioycd the pasture, while the tur- nip crop has so generally failed that all kinds of live stock must materially suffer, and butchers meat towards the tryiug period at the close of winter may be expected to be unusually in de- mand. On Monday evening a meeting1 of the Ro- man Catholic inhabitants of Hobart Town was held in the Heading room, Collins street, and promptly to the hour the large number that assembled showed that something of con- siderable importance was about to be discuss- , ed. The llev. Mr. Conoly was invited to take the chair, but tiic meeting having been ' convened without that gentleman's sanction he declined accepting it. Mr. Hacket was then unanimously elected chairman, and se- veral resolution» were passed without a single dissentient voice, shewing that additional cle- rical aid was wanting to the now numerous Catholics ol' this colony, as well in a religious as a scholastic point of view, and for the pur- pose of obtaining a zealous and talented Ca- tholic priest from the Mother Country, to sup nly the want that all assembled seemed gene- rally to feel. j We regret thnt these resolutions for so lau- dable an object, as additional clerical hid, could not have been proposed without passing ent reflections on the present pastor who has for Lei so many years been the sole established reli- boc gious instructor of the Roman Catholics of to \ Van Diemen's land. But so it was, aud not- sou withstanding the endeavours of several Protcs- ' pla taut gentlemen who were present, that the go censurable passages should be left out, they I cet werexariied by acclamation by all the Roman to ] Catholics in the assembly, with the -exception, wh of the reverend gentleman himself. We hope j pr< the difference, wide as it now seems to be, may an yet be amicably adjusted. The Rev. Mr. Co .nolly though present took no part in the pro- ceedings of the evening. On'Stlnday evening th« Rev. Mr. Miller delivered his promised discourse '"on the cha- racter and tendency of theatrical amuse- ments," and nothing could be more gratifying to a lover of this, land, than to see a place of worship so recently erected by'Voluntaiy sub scription.orowOed to the doors for the purpose of divine worship. Feeling the interest which the recent introduction of a theatre into the colony had generally excited, Mr. Miller wise- ly availed himself of that opportunity to di- late upon the subject. He commenced by giving the history of a young man who hav- ing gone to London at the age of 14, became so infatuated with the stage as to neglect for a series of years his other duties and es- pecially his religious ones. He was at last happily awaked "to his error, studied for the church, was ordained, and came to Van Die men's Land where he has officiated during the last 3 or 4 years. That individual was the Rev. Mr, Miller himself, therefore said he, in what he was ahotit to denounce respecting the theatre, it might'be truly said that he spoke from expérience. He then went on to shew its general evil tendency, from the ear liest period of its introduction in Greece and Rome down to the present time, and ultimate- ly arrived at the conclusion which he fre- quently repeated that to be consistent we must either give up the bible or the theatre, and that those who supported it were if not criminal at least sinful. Candour, however, compels us to say, that although we listened to Mr. Miller's eloquent, discutirse with cvdry desire to be instructed and with every willingness to be convinced, if 'the arguments adduced should show tis the fallacy of our former judgment, that he failed' to carry conviction to our mind, and that too although several of the strongest arguments usually alledged in the discussion then omitted were familiar to us- as the probable bad effects its practice may have upon the actors them- selves, who personate the characters of others -that it is contrary to the spirit of 'Christi- anity for men to express joy or grief-feelings' or sentiments which they do not in 'reality! possess-that the exhibitions of the stage dis- qualify and unfit the mind for the pleasures of religion-that the theatre disqualifies for do- mestic enjoyments-that it weans from the love of home-and creates a diseased craving for the stimulants of dissipation, and several other arguments. Mr. Miller denounced the theatre not on account of its abuses, but as incompatible, even in its present state, with the spirit of Christianity. His position to be sound, if accepted at all, excludes all species of amusement or recreation whatever, and affirms that it is unlawful for human nature to participate in any pleasure but that of the most exalted piety alone. However earnest we should all be to arrive at that happy state, we are sensible that to do so would unfit us for the discharge of all worldly duties what- ever, and a person to be so, must be wholly above and entirely secluded from the cares of active life. In what we are now saying, we have no wish whatever to advocate the theatre exclu- sively so, but we are desirous to moot the question with Mr. Miller or any one else who may urge a similar doctrine with him, that rational amusements are neither incompati- ble with the objects of the creation nor with the end of genuine Christianity. Does not providence in the formation of this beautiful earth, tell us every day that the sun rises. to be cheerful and happy? What virtuous breast can breathe the inspiring odour of the plants and flowers that expand in all the co- lours of the rainbow and enliven the earth, without being filled with joy and adoration of tho great first cause that produced them ? If you interdict a well regulated prudently con ducted theatre, (and surely such a thing is neither impossible nor impracticable in a place like this, where perhaps the best and most effective police in the world is in force -where the moral sense is already arrived at such a standard in the community as would on the instant spurn and put down with ab- horrence the slightest breach of decorum, were any one so mad or fool hardy as to at- tempt it on the boards) you interdict at a blow (that is if you are consistent in your object) the whole amusements and recreations ol' so- ciety. You adopt in the fullest force the creed and practice of the Quakers and the Puritans You must banish panics and trials of skill of all sorts, music, dancing, convivi ality. The entertainment of an audience by the exhibition of a good and well written mo- ral play, where all meet and depart in peace, is surely a better species of recreation than any kind of game or contention where one side is necessarily victorious and the other discomfited, Is it no advantage to see human nature in its various scenes of danger, trial, and generous excitement, veluti in speculum, indicative of national English customs, in ti remote corner of the globe like this, where little opportunity of seeing life and manners in those particular cases is afforded? Is it nothing to keep up the purity of our mother . tongue by the frequent repetition of the ele- vated and inspiring passages of our best wri- ters ? In the observations which fell from Mr. Miller on the subject, the abuse of the stage was evidently taken for the stage itself. But though all human 'institutions arc liable to er abtue, it does not necessarily follow that we n- in Hobart town must f/all into that abuse, is- , Should such ever unhappily prove the case, to most sincerely do we trust that the hand of en ' government would instantly be applied to on arrest it-a theatre would then indeed be a as curse. But the days of Charles the second ic- are not our days. The performance of a li rle centious play dare not now be dreamed of. le- Justly did Mr. Miller say that the players must ius tttit their plays to the taBte of their audience, »us and if so, thanks to the moral improvement of ir- this colony during the present adminístra- la- tion, none but truly moral pieces will ever be ip- produced upon the boards of Hobart town. te- Congre ve, of whose comedies Lord Kaimes' I said "if they did not rack his last moments in« ' with reunirse", he must have been lost to all id, sense of virtue," did he lire in this day musf entirely have changed his style, and subject. Let us hope that the time is now arrived that society has reached that stage of improvement lo which the great Archbishop Tillotson-that soundest of divines alluded when he said «. that plays might be so framed and they might be governed by such rules as not only to be inno- cently diverting'but instructive and useful, to put some follies and vices out^of countenance which could not perhaps be so decently re- proved, nor so effectually exposed or corrected any. other way." . For ourselves we confess, that we revert to the hours we have spent in a theatre, few though they may have been, neither with pain nor regret, but rather with satisfaction. The efforts of genius and the successful result of much retired and painstaking labour were there displayed before us, giving us a lesson of industry and perseverance whjch we havo never*forgotten. Above all things we are op- posed to the drawing an invidious line of dis- tinction in society, which would entitle mortal men to say who is truly good & who are deeply bad. The eye of omniscience alone scaraheth the heart. Though one or two of a multitude may have been infatuated or ruined by excess - in thatamuseuient,itis not to say that all are so. Many good men we arc convinced have and do attend theatres, and many good men look iTp on them with abhorrence. Wherever human nature is, there must be diversity. We should «ay let each go to a theatre or shun it as his conscience, regulated a« closely as he can by the instruction which the gospel teaches, may direct. We have much pleasure in announcing the visit to our island of'Baron Hugel, a passen- ger by the Alligator. The facility indeed with which gentlemen of science and restaren, can now ¡make the tour of the globe, com- pared with what it was in the days of Cook, Anson, and Perouse, is not only advantageous to natural and .scientific research, but parti- cularly gratifying to us in these remote and newly settled countries, which afford as it wore so many oases or resting places in the great Pacific desert. Baron Hugel who h.ts but recently left Europe, has visited several parts of india, and among others that recently opened field of naturalists the Neilgherry Mountains. He describes the vegetation of that lofty region as of the most splendid kind, and we regret in particular that he did not bring us some of the seeds of the beautiful climbers with which the jungle there abounds, upward« of ¿0 new species of which have re- cently been found, that would no doubt from the congeniality of the climate thrive- and prove great acquisitions to us in Van Diemen't Land. We hope this hint however will not be'lost on some of our Indian friends, who may be about to pay us a temporary visit for the sake ofthcir health. Though invalids at the time of their departure, their servants would readily collect for them any number of th« most admired and useful flowers ' and shrubs. The remarkable advance that has been made in the cultivation ol' exotics and the formation of botanic gardens in n)l civi- lized part« of the world, and the growing taste among the English nobility for the pure pleasures which the contemplation of the ve» getable world affords, a taste in a measure ereated and stimulated by the labours of the horticultural and zoological societies, will we are conviuccd, ensure this hint a ready com- pliance. It is remarkable that the prevailing colour of the blossoms of plants about tho Swan river is blue, which in comparison with other colours in the flora of other countries is the least fre- quent. Very few of the indigenous plants of that country are similar to those in tliis part of Australia, and in particular there is not one specimen tobo found throughout of that very useful {rrnss that grows both here and in New Som h Wales, the common kangaroo grass as it is called, or anthistit ia australis. Of the genus banksia there are three magnificent species, and it is worthy of remark that the Aborigines ofthat territory, however numer- ous the species of any genus may be, have yet an appropriate name to each. In our own island we know it is customary among the blacks to name their females, especially if they are admired, after some beautiful plant, just in the same way as we use the name of Rose and others. Mr. Brown in his interesting paper recently read befoie the Royal Geographical Society of London on the botany of Swan river fcmirks, that probably nat more than 4 or ü species are common to that part of the west coast and to the same parallel of the eatit coast of New Hol- land. Solong ago indeed as the time of Capt. Flindtr's voyage, that intelligent navigator observed that in general the western coast of New Holland was distinguished by orders of plants bearing a closer resemblance to those of South Africa than on the east coast, where those allied to the American part chiefly occur. It was the same philosopher who remarked \ the singular characteristic of the two most widely diffused and most extensive genera of plants in these countries, the eucalyptus and acacia or gum and wattle, upwards of one hundred species of each having already been discovered, which have the leaves, or parts per- forming the functions of leaves, vertical or pre- senting the margin and not the surface towards the stem, both surfaces having consequently the same relation to the lifriit. In the wattle thiR property proceeds from the vertical di- lation of the foliage, but in the gum tree it is caused by the twisting of the footstalk of the leaf. Hence arises also the existence of cu- taneous glands on both sides of the leaf, to which in si great measure may he attributed ter the dim appearance or want of luj>trc which le- the hush in this island displays on the hills at a distance. Tho stay of Baron Hugel with tis, we regret to say, will be very bhort, as he intends to proceed by the Alligator to Sydney and thence to New Zealand, Otahcite, and the Society Isles. He ia we believe a native of Austria, his usual place of residence being in the neighbourhood of Vienna. We are happy to learn, that at last we are likely to have an annuitant society for the be- nefit of widows and orphans, established on a sound bania in Van Diemcn's land. The plan, we learn, that has been proposed is similar in its principle to that of the Royal Naval An- nuitant Society of London, which though scarcely established 10 years has already a ca- pital of nearly 80,0001; It is intended that the money that may be subscribed shall be laid out on real or personal security, and to accu- mulate for the first 5 yean to form a perma nes ' rent capital. After that period the'interest nts on the amount of capital, together witht one all twentieth part of the lust year's premiums, will usf be divided amongst the claimants to the amount of 401. for each annuity, . the surplus, with the remaining nineteen twentieths, will be added to the permanent fund. The next year, the interest on the capital and two twen- tieths of the annual premiums will be di\idcd in like manner and eighteen twentieths added to the permanent fund. The divisible fund '?will be thus increased every year by an addi- tional twentieth of the premiums to the end of "25 years from the commencement of the socie- ty, when the whole interest and premiums will be equally divided amongst the annuitants. The permanent fund will be thus augmented by the remaining portions of the annual re- ceipts being added to it. -«$>|3f*- - On Sunday the atmosphere round Hobart town, during the whole of the day, was so sul- try and'hazy as if loaded with heated air and smoke, arising from fires round the hills, as to lender it both unpleasant and fatiguing to en- dure. The thermometer at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, stood at 92 in the shade. A genial shower of an hour's continuance fell at day- light on Monday morning, and happily cooled the atmosphere and refreshed vegetation. A correspondent, who is evidently himself one of the medical profession, recommends that n medical board should be appointed in Hobart town similar to that at the Cape of 'Good Hope and several other British colonies, . to which all applicants for professional prac- tice should be compelled to make a formal re- ference, and by placing before it the necessary . documents thus to prove their right to arid ca- pability of the practice. Notwithstanding the repeated melancholy and fatal accidents which we have from time to time had the pain to record, the same care- lessness in felling trees, we are sorry to say still continues. Last week a poor man named John Toole, employed in the Spring Hill road gang, was reported* to Mr. Anstey, the Coro- ner at Oatlands, as being killed by the fall of a.tree. Just however as that gentleman had issued his precept for an inquest, it be- came known that Toole was still alive having enly had his lower jaw severely fractured in the centre of the chin, and one of his cars torn off by a limb of the tree. On Tuesday morning the awful punishment of death was carried into effect on Samuel Dyke, a runaway from the road gang, who committed the robbery under arms in the dwelling house of Mrs. M'Tavish, on the New Town road, about three months ago. Several persons connected with the late robbery at Mr. Pinker's, have, we learn, been discovered, and are in custody for trial, Mr. Pinker having identified some of the articles stolen from him, which have been found. The Justices meet to consider the applica- tions for public houses for Hobart town, Rich- mond, & New Norfolk, at each of these places on Monday the 3d Feb. The Justices are to meet at Launceston on Monday the 3d of February, for considering the applications to keep public houses in that and the neighbouring districts, At the Richmond quarter sessions on Mon- day, George Brittain was convicted of stealing a silk handkerchief and a small quantity of spirits from his fellow servant, 3 years exten- sion. George Fletcher was sentenced to three year's hard labour for stealing 2 legs of mut- ton. James Hampson was convicted of steal- ing a silk handkerchief, and was sentenced to 3 years imprisonment and hard labour. Rich- ard Johnson received a sentence of two years imprisonment for stealing a quantity of su- gar. 