The Broad and Liberal. ' You may do it extempore, it is nothing but roaring .'— QUINCE. So he of the £5000 a year job, is ' in- duced by the favourable reception of his last' absurd and pointless piece of genteel Billingsgate, intended to be di- rected against the Independent Press of the Colony— to come forward with another closely printed brevier column, sung to the same tune. The ' Broad and Liberal' had former- ly designated himself, the ' Intangible and Invisible' and most assuredly this last specimen of his writing fully merits the character of intangibility. We have read it carefully over four times, to see if we could find anything like an attempt to deny the facts, or refute the arguments put forth by ourselves, for the Colonial Times. On the contrary, the only por- tion of reason or argument, that we can discover in the whole article, contains a confirmation of the whole scope of our ar- gument ; although the writer in the com- mencement of the paragraph imputes to us, the expression of sentiments the very opposite, to what we have asserted, and which we have been arguing to prove. In place of saying, 'WE will have no more convicts sent to us'— as he most falsely imputes to us— we have argued to prove, that the Convicts would be a bene- fit to the Colony, under a proper system of Government- We never admitted that the transportation of Convicts, to this Colony, was any reason for witholding from us our natural privileges as free men ; on the contrary, we shewed that Prison discipline was only made a false and delusive pretext for enslaving the free. The following paragraph, although it contains some nonsense, about unof- fending negroes, which have no more re- ference to our Case than unoffending Spinning Jennies — forms a sort of re- deeming feature in the whole article ; which induces us to copy it, and we will do the Doctor the Justice to admit, that in it he gives utterance to his own senti- ments, although he is afraid to speak out intelligibly ; — ' Then again, say they, we must have no more convicts sent us — convicts whose labour and series of punishments are daily improving the fare of the country, and are at this hour applied for by thousands at the assignment office, because the penal laws to which they are subjected, interfere with the extension of his native-born pri- vileges to the free emigrant ! How in the world can the restrictions of the prisoners interfere with the privileges of the free - of the very persons to whom the employ- ment, the reform of these prisoners are en- trusted ? Why this is the strongest reason that can be urged for the immediate and full extension of those very privileges and institutions, that the settler may be the better qualified to fulfil the highly impor- tant and moral part he is thus called upon to perform to the erring, the unfortunate portion of his species. Look at the past. Were ever the unoffending but enslaved negroes urged as a reason for withholding his privileges from the Englishman emi- grated to the sugar colonies? Qnite the reverse. The rest of the article we place to the credit of the system, which charges us with Injustice ! Blood Thirstyness ! ! Reckless Inhumanity ! ! ! Savage- ness ! ! ! ! Probable Murder ! ! ! ! ! Rob- bery of internal peace ! ! ! ! ! ! Ruin of domestic happiness ! ! ! ! ! ? ! nay, worse than that, abortive attempts at wit, and low Billinsgate abuse. At what ? (Oh ! dreadful depravity.) At the Doctor's Five Thousand a-year ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! But the most horrid proof of the moral de- pravity of this base and slanderous, and corrupt portion of the press remains yet to be told. Ye classic shades of Aberdeen, when has it ever fallen to the cruel lot of any of your renowned scholars, laden with academic laurels, to sojourn amongst a people, where such horrors were perpe- trated under the sacred, but here pro- phaned, name of literature. What con- solation can he derive from receiving Five Thousand a-year from a people amongst whom such dreadful wickedness could be perpetrated by the press ? What punishments can prison discipline devise for the perpetrators of an offence worse than all the horrid crimes with which the slanderous and rebellious press of this Colony stands charged ? But the classic language of the Doctor is alone equal to describe the dreadful crime. List, oh ! list--to that which completes the ' Broad and Liberal' Climax. ' What can be WORSE than their everlasting nick- naming a highly estimable officer at the Government-house A POUNDKEEP- ER ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Doctor ! Doctor ! ! Doc- tor ! !! =============== The conversation which took place at the Police-office the day before yesterday, between the Clarence Plains settlers and Messrs. Mason and Spode, on the sub- ject of the calamitous fire now raging in that district, requires further notice than the limits of a police report will admit. To every land proprietor in the Colony it must be a subject of deep interest, con- sidering that all are liable to be ruined ; nay, even burned in their bed ; unless some measures be adopted to prevent tbese destructive fires, which yearly commit such desolation among the farm- ers, owing to ' the firing of the Bush' by accident, want of consideration, or malice. In the summer season, when the grass and scrub is dry ; it is not much less hazardous to kindle a fire in the forest, than it would be to throw a burn- ing brand into a magazine of gunpowder ; for, although, the destruction which fol- lows is not so sudden in the one instance as it would be in the other, it is almost equally certain, and very frequently more extensive. No one who has not witnessed it, would believe with what rapidity fire runs through the forest alter a few hot days, increasing as it goes in violence ; nor is it, we believe, gene- rally known, that it is perfectly impossi- ble to extinguish one of these fires when it has once made head. We have our- selves, repeatedly seen instances where conflagration has been to all appearances out ; and we have walked over the ground to be assured of the fact, of a burn- ing hot day and a change of wind selling it off again with renewed fury. All the beating and trampling, in the power of man to effect, cannot, be depended upon ; such may arrest the progress and appa- rently extinguish the fire, but, unless there conies a shower of rain, or what is pretty nearly the same, a very heavy dew, it is a thousand to one that on the wind veering to another quarter the flames will again break put. This fact cannot be too generally known, or too strongly impressed by the settlers or their servants and on strangers, in order to caution them against following the old system of firing the Bush. Any one who knew what bush fires are--had seen them spread — and endeavoured to extinguish them, setting a light to the forest in the vicinity of improved land or fences, we consider to be as guilty of arson as if he had flung a fire ball into his neighbour's stack yard ; and, therefore, it is highly essential that some very heavy liability should attach to persons found firing the bush during the summer. The fire at Clarence Plains, which which has been the cause of our making these observations, it appears from the statement of some of the settlers in that district, originated in Mr. Beck's men having by their master's order set fire to the waste timber, cut down in the course of the works under his superintendance, on the Coal River road at the foot of the Halfway Hill. Mr. Beck, however, denies that these fires were the same which spread to Clarence Plains, and as- serts that the fires kindled by his men were carefully put out, and the place watched from the Friday morning until the Saturday night, at which time there was not a spark left, and states further. that there was a very heavy fire on the other side of the hill which came over, and crossing the Coal River Road, en- tered Mr. Stokell's land, and thence went to Clarence Plains. Now, not that we wish by any means to add to what must be the feelings on this distressing occasion of Mr. Beck, who, we believe, is a very quiet, inoffensive man, we rather think his version of the story may be, incorrect, his men may have told him so to cover their own negligence, or rather what they expected would be at- tributed to them as negligence, after being ordered to put out the fire ; but as Mr. Beck being an old settler, and an old sufferer we believe by bush fires, can not possibly be ignorant that it is almost, in fact, quite impossible to say with cer- tainty, that a bush fire has been extin- guished unless rain falls, and, also, that it is very unlikely that a fire would cross such a road as the Coal River Road which is sixty-six feet wide, seeing that a cattle or kangaroo track of not more than two feet wide is, in general, suffi- cient to arrest the progress of a fire. In- deed, the best way of checking one of those formidable conflagrations, is to cut away before it, a single plough furrow on pasture land has been known to put a stop to a very heavy burning. This being the case, we think that Mr. Heck himself will admit that there is a greater proba- bility of his men having failed to put out the fire, than of its having made its way across a road of sixty-six feef in width. But, be that as it may, it is but small consolation to the sufferers to know how the fire originated, when there is no means of being indemnified for their losses. The best use which can now be made of the disaster, is to hold it up as a fearful example of the consequences of being incautious with fire in the bush, in order to prevent a recurrence of such dis- asters in future. The accounts we have received of the damage done are as follows :— The whole of Mr. Stokells's fence, and 200 acres of grass belonging to the same gen- tleman ; a large quantity of English grass, a great deal of fencing, a number of fruit tress ; the whole crop of fruit, and a portion of a field of standing corn, the property of Mr. Nioholls, who very narrowly escaped the destruction of his house, barn, and, in fact, everything he possessed ; the whole of Mr. Atkins's pasture land completely destroyed, that gentleman not having ten acres of his whole run over which the fire has not passed, leaving his cattle quite destitute of feed. In addition to this, there has been an immense quantity of fire-wood destroyed, and much fine standing timber totally spoiled ; and we expect to hear of far more destruction, of which we are at present ignorant. Dr. Desailly's esta- blishment, and his whole crop of wheat was saved by the merest possibles chance. Now, when we look upon the above detail of losses, and reflect that such, and far greater devastation may be committed by a man merely throwing the end of a lighted cigar, or the burning ashes from a pipe into a tuft of dry grass, or among some dry rotten wood. Is it not enough to make us feel alarm when we look round, and on every hand behold (the fires raging as they now are ? Is it not sufficient to arouse the energies of the Government, to devise some means for inducing by a heavy penalty persons to be cautious with fire in the bush ? It is however a most difficult thing to provide 1against we admit ; but still if not entirely removed, the evil might be abated. A stronngly written Government notice, appealing to the good sense and feeling of the people might do much— a pro- tection against burning off during the summer season might do a little more good, and a legislative enactment against persons wilfully setting fire to the dry grass or underwood might also have some beneficial effect. The Government, if it cannot do a thing well, is bound to do it as well as possible, and therefore we call upon His Excellency immediately to give this matter his most serious at- tention. We believe that a strong petition is about to be sent in upon the subject, from the sufferers at Clarence Plains, who we trust will meet with every possible con- sideration. In former times, when the inhabitants were 'few and far between,' there could be but small danger in the practice of burning offF the shrub and dry grass, but now that the population has encreased, and improvements have ex- tended, and that the locations are crowd- ed one upon another, the case is widely different, and we cannot contemplate a bushfire, beautiful as is the sight, without a feeling of horror, when we reflect that such may, and if not timely checked in- evitably will be the ruin of thousands, the cause of many lives being lost, and the occasion of a famine in the land. -=========- We stop the Press to announce the arrival of the Lady Kennoway, from Cork, with the prisoners originally ship- ped per Norfolk. A barque, from Canton, supposed to be the Mucclesfield, is coming up the river. The Mail for England, per ' Ellen,' Captain Dixon, will be closed this evening, the 14th instant, at 8 o'clock, P.M. 