1835 SKETCH OF OCCURRENCES DURING THE YEAR. Jan.-The wreck of the Cumberland found near Mangles Bay. The bakers not able to supply their customers, owing to the absence of effective mills. Recapitulation of Receipts and Expenditure of the Civil and Military Service of the Colony, publish- ed on 10th Jan. ; outlay for the Military, £13,300 ; ditto for the Civil Service, £ 12,100. Total outlay for 1834, £25,400. The Annual Report of the Directors of the Agricultural Society. Jan. 12th, the plunderers of the Cumberland, six in number, tried and found guilty ;-sentence, 7 years' trans- portation. W. H. Mackie, Esq., appointed Deputy in the Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction of the Go- vernor's Office of Vice-Admiral of this Colony. Flour at 6d. per lb. The first party to the Ho- tham returned, and reported most favorably of the country, as adapted to agricultural purposes, and for grazing and sheep pasture.Feb.-Public announcement, under the sanction of the Shenjjf, of a Meeting of the Colonists, to memoralîze the Home Government, touching various grievances, complained of. A Native murdered by one of his tribe, on the premises of a settler. First Public Meeting held on 16th Feb...March.-The Governor returned from King George's Sound. Bush-fires very destructive. Proclamation issued for the recovery of stray Cattle in the bush. The Banking Committee published a valuation of land, houses, and stock, certified by His Excellency Sir James Stirling;-amount of available security, £219,739. Important proceedings of the Legis- lative Council...April.-Commissariat Store at Perth completed. An excursion made to the Northward by Hon. G. F. Moore, Esq-account published. Good effects of the establishment at Eliza Bay for the protection of the Natives. May...-Loss of 93 sheep. 13 goats, and 2 bullocks, sustained by Mr. Harris, whilst driving his flock to the Avon district. (Explanation of this occur- rence published in the Gazette 16 Nov.) Full account published in Feb. Two men speared at the Half-way House ; one died at Perth from the wounds he received. The Mounted Police Corps, hitherto stationed at Perth, removed to Guildford. About 3,000 acres of land, in a good district, sold by public auction at 4½d. per acre; about 3,500 acres of land sold at Madras for 5s. per acre. June.-Sixth anniversary of the Establishment of the Colony celebrated at Perth. A Native shot at Perth by a carpenter. John Mackail, the de- linquent, afterwards transported. Heavy north- west gales from the 9th to the 13th of this month. Private Notes put into circulation, but withdrawn in the course of a few weeks. (To be continued.) 