Swan River Extracts. The bush-fires around the town of Perth, within the last week, have threatened some danger. Lieut. Armstrong promptly hastened with a detachment of the military to render every assistance in extinguish- ing the flames, and succeeded in getting the fire under during the day. At night, however, it broke out again, when their efforts were renewed, and, we must say with a degree of alacrity and willingness which entitle them to our consideration. Lieut. King attended on the second occa sion. We observed but few civilians so active as we could have wished; we hope this arose from a persuasion that there was little danger, and not from a want of dis position to assist. It has been suggested, indeed we believe it was remarked by us some period last year, during the preva- lence of the bush fires, which it is almost impossible to guard against, that it would be advisable to clear a road all round the town. To do this immediately and effec- tually, we would call upon all the inhabi- tants, either by their own labour or by supplying a substitute, to come to work with a willing hand. It would soon be done, and the aid of the military, no doubt, could be obtained, on a representation being made to the proper authorities. It requires but the exertion of one indivi dual to put this in a train to be accom plished; — we hope some influential gen- tleman will step forward to effect it. The peaceable conduct of the natives for some time past has deprived us of a fruitful source of information. We are now informed by Mr F. Armstrong, inter- preter to the natives, that they have re- cently cleared about three quarters of an acre of land near the Institution House, under Mount Eliza, and at this season are resorting to the produce of their last year's labour. The accounts we receive of the Aborigines would at first sight appear trifling; but as a minute description of their habits and manners will tend to elu- cidate the position in which we are placed with them, we shall at all times be most willing to give publicity to any anecdotes which may reach us. A complaint was made to Mr Armstrong a few days ago, by Mr Shenton, that a quantity of potatoes had been stolen from his garden, and he had reason to suspect the natives. An inquiry was instituted, when it was discovered that two native women had stolen them; the brother of the one and the son of the other under- took to punish them, as it would appear, in compliance with their own usage. Munday the native speared a melon be- longing to Davis the blacksmith, a few days back, and threatened to do the same to him; but on Mr Armstrong's inter- fering, Munday accounted for his irrita- tion, which he said arose from Davis threatening to have him confined. This Munday is rather a dangerous character, and appeass by his language when re- monstrated with, not to have forgotten Yagan's death and the affair at Pinjarra. Magistrates' Court, Perth.—William Rewell, 10 years of age, William Stokes, 7 years, and Wm. Higgins, 7 years, were charged before the sitting magistrates, with stealing melons from the garden of Mr Walters, at Perth. William Rewell confessed that as he was going home from school he met with his two companions, who said they were going into Mr Wal- ters's garden to take some melons but he refused. He stood outside and they took two, and they all three went into the bush afterwards to eat them. William Stokes gave another version to the story—it was Rewell he said who told them to go in and take the melons, and he would give them some twine. Rewell did give some twine for the part of the melon he had. The twine was for his (Stokes') brother's kite. William Higgins said that Stokes's version was the true one. Each of the de linquents fined 3s. Rewell's was paid by his father; those of the others not en forced, on the parent- undertaking to chas- tise them. Our public buildings at Perth are gra- dually advancing to the improvement of our picturesque little capital of the terri- tory. These are essential for the employ- ment of our artizans, of whom we have many practised and clever hands, aswell as for the convenience and facility of trans- acting the public affairs of the colony. It has long been a source of general com- plaint that the rush building eclipt a a church, should be applied to the two pur poses-for divine worship and wrangling disputation. We are happy to find that before long we shall have a Court House of moderate dimensions, it is true, but in- dicative we hope of the diminution of court intrigues. The site fixed upon for this new building is near the old Institu- tion house, on a line with the Commissa- riat Store, and the design, by II. Reveley, Esq., is chaste and appropriate ; but lacking the funds for architectural display, this gentleman's abilities have not a fair scope, and consequently the buildings which gradually rise around us, have too much the character of barns, to deserve our notice as specimens of art. Messrs. Powell, Thompson and Jecks, obtained the contract for erecting the court-house, at the sum of £698, being the lowest tender; they have one year to com- plete it. Two public sales have taken place this week; the general assortment of goods offered for sale has effectually tried the pulse of the market. We were never bet ter or more reasonably supplied, and we hope the result of the spirited enterprise of Mr. Pollard, the supercargo of the ' Eliza beth,' will meet a suitable reward in exten- sive sales. Every facility has been offer- ed by this gentleman, and we must be allowed to observe, that we consider few strangers have acted with the liberality he has shown to the settlers at large. The market has been overstocked for some time, and was never better supplied than at the present moment ; but as we have no immediate prospect of arrivals, in the course of a few months we may reason- ably calculate upon a considerable advance in prices. Messrs. Leake, as well as Mr Pollard, have accommodated the agricul- turists by taking wheat at the rate of 7 s. and 8s. per bushel. The measure of imposing a duty upon imported wheat and flour, as suggested at the Agricultural Meeting, is generally con- demned; and some of that body, who were not at the meeting, have expressed a determination to address the Secretary, protesting against the proposal being con- veyed to the Government. In April last a memorial was signed by the proposers of this scheme, and address- ed to the Secretary of State, praying that we might not be further taxed, until repre- sented, and that we were not in a condition to bear taxation! 