Hints to Emigrants.. Mr. Carmichael has published a second edition of his " Hints relating to Emigrants and Emigration." The work, as now pub- lished, contains nearly double the matter it formerly did." It was intended to have been published " in conjunction" with the Pocket Almanack, but in consequence of some misunderstanding, it is now publish- ed in a separate form: - To the capitalist, the agriculturist, the mechanic, and the labourer, Mr. C.'s little work will be find alike useful, as it con- tains many " Hints" which cannot fail of putting new comers on their guard against the persuasions of parties, whose interest it may probably be to lead them astray on their first arrival in the Colony. The great beauty of the work consists in its fidelity; it neither holds up the Colony as a second El Dorado, nor attempts to depreciate it in the eyes of intending emigrants. A person wishing to give his friends in Eng- land a true picture of the state of the Co- lony cannot do better than send home a copy of this work. The only extract for which we can make room is one respecting the manner in which the sales of Crown Lands are conducted, the truth of which is too proverbial : According to orders from the Home Govern- ment, the whole Territory is divided, as in Canada; into sections of a square mile or 640 acres each, and less than one section, (unless in the case of townships, or for some specified object, as for in- stance the establishment of an Inn) is not autho- rised to be put up for sale. A rule 100 is observed, that in the event of any river, stream, or chain of ponds running through any given section, the sec- tion thus broken by the water course shall not be sold by itself, but that either of the broken portions together with the entire section in the area shall then constitute the least allotment purchaseable. As it is the emigrant's interest to possess as much frontage to a water source as possible he will na- turally fix on one broken sections as his location, it being the understood arrangement that each settler so locating himself has the benefit of leasing ad libitum the territory in his rear which is bounded by the extension of his side lines. It is in choosing his location that the emigrant stands most in need of friendly direction. He cannot be too careful in his endeavours to gain such inform- tion as will enable him to make choice of an allot- ment altogether suitable to his peculiar views. The nature of the Territory and the consequent mode or location almost preclude the possibility, and in reality render it useless, to mark the section lines on the ground as in Canada. Even in parts of the Colony (as in the County of Bathurst) which, on being first opened, were partially surveyed with a view to location, it is found that allotments ap- plied for in terms, of the previous admeasurement, have to be surveyed afresh. The natural growth of the timber and the bush-fires soon obliterate the labours of the Surveyor, and would render futile, therefore, any minute survey of the General Terri- tory previous to selection. Hence, whilst the streams and ranges are surveyed, the general sec- tion lines are merely marked on paper. Such sur- veys as have thus been made of the country, the Emigrant may have ready access to, by applica- tion at the Surveyor General's Office, Sydney, this first course, therefore, will naturally be to inspect the maps and charts at the above named office, and, after gathering from some of the Surveyors or Assistant Surveyors on the establishment (whom he will find ready to give him such information as their position places within their power)--or from any experienced Colonist whose acquaintanceship he many have found the means of making since his arrival in the Colony, — the districts of the 'Terri- tory likely to suit his views, he will, of course, personally inspect such localities, and that, if pos- sible, in company with the Surveyor of each res- pective district. In this way it is to be presumed that the intending applicant will take every means in his power to gain such information by consul- tation with others and personal examination, as shall enable him to select an allotment properly fitted for the purpose he has in view, and at the same time so situate as to occasion as little delay as possible in the course of his after proceeding towards obtaining legal possession of the allot- ment in question. Having thus fixed on the particular allotment or allotments for which he thinks fit to make specific application, he must make his Application on a printed "Form," — to be obtained on paying a fee of 2s.6d. at the Surveyor General's Office, or at any of the Magistrates' Benches in the country. No other, saving a "Form of Application" thus obtained is held genuine. These "Forms of Ap- plication," on being sent in to the Surveyor-Gene- ral, are immediately inserted in his "Abstract," and thus submitted for approval to the Government twice every month. If the selection is altogether unobjectionable and according to the Regulations the Surveyor General at the same time reports that it will be measured within three months.-the time specified by the Home Government as the period of advertisement previous to sale, and may be advertised accordingly. Orders are then imme- diately transmitted to the District-Surveyor to have the specified measurement completed, and he "Return," made to the Surveyor-General's Office within the time appointed. These " Returns,' under ordinary circumstances may be expected to be made accordingly. The Emigrant, however, ought to be made aware that there are causes which may operate to prevent the "Return," being made of his particular admeasurement, according to his expectation. The communication between Sydney and the remote district by post is only once a week; the Surveyor may be employ- ed at an extreme point of his district at the time his orders are transmitted. He may have previous orders already to execute, which require him to travel the length and breadth of his District and complete several surveys, before entering on the one in question. His labours may be interrupted by temporary sickness. His survey equipment from accidental causes may suffer derangement, sufficient to delay the measurement a considerable period before he can possibly get the injured instruments repaired or replaced. Under such circumstances, if the Report be not made within the specified time, the land will not be put up for sale, as it is a fixed principle with the Government, that no land shall be sold without having been previously mea- sured and reported according to authority. In this case, the course which the Applicant has to pur- sue, is to apply to the Colonial Secretary to cause the allotment to be again advertised for some ensuing day of sale, and to urge on the Surveyor-General the necessity of giving speedy effect to his orders. Should the applicant however, fail to take those steps, the District Sur- veyor, as a matter of course, sends in his survey and description of the land as soon as it is mea- sured. The description is then sent to the Colonial Secretary; is then duly inserted in the next adver- tisement for the Sale of Land, and put up to sale accordingly ---for land once advertised, is not allow- ed by Government to be withdrawn. It is of consequence here to draw the attention of the intending purchaser of land, to the probabi- lity that the allotment as measured in accordance with orders and with the true determination of the section lines, may differ materially from that which he wished to put up for sale. The broken section or sections for instance, already alluded to, to- gether with the necessary complement of land in the rear, may include a much larger quantity of land than he had calculated on, and thus encroach too largely on his means. On the other hand, the allotment, as a whole, when thus measured may happen to exclude the particular feature which alone led to his selection. It thus becomes advisable for him, after having sent in his application, to communicate with the District Surveyor, in order to learn when the sur- vey will take place, and to be on the spot when the measurement is going on. He will thus ascertain whether the section lines may not in reality so change both the quantity and quality of the Allot- ment as to render it comparatively useless to him as a purchaser; and he will determine accordingly whether it will be for his interest to attend at the same and become a purchaser. If he once buys the land at the public sale, he has no means of getting off the bargain, except by forfeiting the deposit. The conditions of sale, take for granted, that the purchaser has obtained all and every information relative to the land in question. He ought there- fore to be aware that the description of the Allot- ment to the purchase of which he puts his name in the Auctioneer's sale-book' and which will be used for the deed of sale, is that which is sent in by the District Surveyor-not that which appears in the advertisement. By a recent regulation, newly arrived Emigrants may have their application advertised for one month instead of three. This is altogether a wholesome regulation, provided the allotment ap- plied for be such as to admit of measurement within the time specified. But it is evident that the causes which may operate to put off the mea- surement beyond three months, will render the chances much less of getting it accomplished in one. Besides the regulation will evidently not work, as intended, exclusively in favour of the newly arrived Emigrant. By a little device, the old Settler has it in his power to take all the benefit which may be involved in the measure. The circumstances here brought into view, in relation to the choice and purchase of land, show, that in the matter of a first location, the Emigrant is surrounded with much uncertainty. By the de- tails given above, it appears, possible for the newly arrived Emigrant to purchase a settlement within six weeks after his arrival in the country. It ap- pears moreover, that under favourable circum- stances of ordinary application, any applicant may accomplish his purchase within four months; but, on the other hand, from the time necessary for inaking-fa proper seleetioa,- and from the delays of official operations the period of such accom- plishment is more likely to be at least double this last mentioned time ; whilst it may happen, from peculiar circumstances, that the land of which he wishes to obtain possession may not be measured for fifteen or twenty months after his application has been made. Again, in making the selection he may contrive to get two lots of about 700 acres each or 1400 acres in all; or he may chance to purchase one lot, containing about 1200 acres by itself. In the one case, the two lots may be cho- sen so as to command double the extent of water frontage, and double the extent of available land ; or, in the other, the single lot of 1200 acres may be so chosen, as to be superior to the greater ex- tent contained in the lesser portions; or in choosing the two lots the one may be chosen for its water, and the other for its soil. Moreover, it is possible, after all the Emigrant's trouble, anxiety, and ex- pence, in bringing his selection to the hammer, that an older Colonist-- whose interest in the allotment thus put up to public auction may, from contiguity or other circumstances be much greater than that of the applicant- shall outbid him at the sale! And should this be the case, the same round of formalities-- of choice, application, ad- measurement, publication, and sale must be re- peated, with the chance still of leaving the object of his wishes as far from accomplishment as ever. 