DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. We seriously caution Bachelors who would preserve their independence com- plete, against reading the article in our fourth page; and to single Ladies who would preserve theirs, we venture to re- commend its perusal, in order that they may fortify themselves with precaution how to act in case of " the question,'' or any thing else being " popped'' at or over them, or both, as the case may be. We are pleased to notice the co-operation of Mr. Wallace and Mr. Deane, who give a Concert at the Pulteney on Wednesday Evening, the 1 st proximo, for their mutual benefit. Sydney is about to sustain a serious loss in the person of Mr. Wallace, who is preparing to return to England to lead the Orchestra of Govent Garden Theatre ; a proof that his great musical talent as a Violonist is appreciated at home. This Concert was to have taken place on Wed- nesday last, but from the inclemency of the weather was very judiciously postponed. By the latest English papers we perceive that a very serious accident had befallen that dauntless Æronaut Mrs. Graham, in her descent at Converse Farm near Brent- wood, in Essex, from an excursion in company with the Duke of Brunswick, from Bayswater, at which place the ascent of the heroine of the air and her illustrious companion, was witnessed by a concourse of upwards of ten thousand persons. The descent which took place in a clover field, was too rapid, and at the first bound of the balloon from the earth, threw out the Duke who found himself on terra-firma without injury, but Mrs. Graham was thrown out on its rebounding from a height some say of forty, others one hundred feet, and of course was injured and rendered insensible by the fall. Every attention was paid to the enterprising traveller in mid-air, and we are happy to say, that although her injury was serious, occasioning the birth of a still-born child, Mrs. Graham's recovery was expected by her medical attendants. Yesterday Mr. Scrutton, the Commission Agent, remarkable for his height, (7f. 6in.), and Mr. H. P. Butler, were bound over to keep the peace towards all His Majesty's subjects, but in particular towards Mr. Cohen of Pitt-street, to whom Mr. Scrutton had transmitted a polite in- vitation by his friend Mr. Butler, to meet him, and give him satisfaction with pistols, for some affront received in a mercantile transaction with him. Mr. Cohen having declined to settle his bargain in that way, Mr. Scrutton laid his horsewhip over him, whereupon Mr. C. obtained a warrant. Supposing a duel had "come off," it would not have been fair, it must have been on most unequal terms ; for if Mr. Cohen be any thing of a shot, and could hit a barn-door, or say a poplar-tree, he could not have missed his challenger, at any thing short of 100 paces ; whereas the said challenger might, and in all pro- bability would have fired over the head of the challengee without any imputation of being a "shocking bad shot." Mrs. Cameron, we perceive takes her benefit at the Pulteney Hotel, on Wednesday Evening, under the patronage we hear of Mrs. Deas Thomson, Mrs. M'Leay, and other ladies of Sydney ; and being a de- servedly admired and highly respectable actress, will no doubt be favored with a full attendance. We regret to have it to say, that the Wesleyan Chapel in Macquarie-street, was upon the occasion of the anniversary of the Missionary Society of that denomina- tion, on Monday week, converted into a Bear Garden ; and that such a place, time, and occasion, were employed by the enthu- siastic religionists assembled, to give vent to acrimonious party politics — to descant on the merits of the ex Secretary, and to denounce His Excellency the Governor, Such of our readers as observed the gross attack upon the private character of Mr. Cavenagh, one of the Editors of the Gazette, in a letter signed " Haldane," which was suffered to appear as an adver- tisement in the Australian some time since, cannot be surprised at legal proceedings having been taken by Mr. C. We are gra- tified, and so will all persons of good feel- ing be, to see in what manner the affair has terminated, which we deem honorable to each of our brother Editors concerned. We are glad to hear that extensive orders have been received by James & Co., for sheep, cattle, and horses to be shipped to the New Colony of South Australia, on account of the Company formed in Lon- don. The Regia is taken up for this pur- pose, which vessel with the schooner Truelove, we hear, will be kept constantly in the trade. King Lear, one of Shakspeare's best Tragedies, and we believe never before en- acted on the Sydney Stage, is to be per- formed on Monday Evening, with the laughable Entertainment of " No Song no Supper," for the benefit of Mr. Simes, the Box- keeper, and a very creditable Actor. — We wish him a "Good Night." New South Wales — From a Fallmouth Correspondent. — On Monday morning the Brothers arrived at Falmouth, after a voyage of 121 days from Sydney, having run for 22 hours through icebergs, off Cape Horn, one of which was supposed to be 400 feet above the water. During this time there was not more than eight hours of day, but the moon was shining uncommonly bright, and the skill and enter- prise of the master brought the ship through difficulties and dangers that were supposed by others to be insurmountable. At Falmouth the highly talented and en- lighted Chief Justice of Australia and his amiable lady, Mrs. Forbes, left the Brothers and went on board the William Fawcett, steamer, by which they expedited their ar- rival in London nearly two days. Mr. Dowling, the second Judge, as well as the third, and their families, were well when the Brothers left Sydney, as was the case with Mr. Kinchela, the Attorney-General, who acts as Judge during the absence of the Chief Justice. The Colony was healthy and prosperous, though retarded and diseased by religious feuds. The ineffectual exertions of the respective parties to embark the Governor, General Bonrke, in their unchristian quarrel, had excited the hostility of each ; but his uniformly just and dignified conduct had attached to him all the dispassionate part of the population. — English Paper. We congratulate our readers and the Colonists on the present delightful rain, which we are glad to hear is general throughout the Colony. It has thoroughly extinguished the Bush-fires, and will save not the maize only, but the pasturage for the sheep and cattle. The rain has been incessant in Sydney since it commenced on Monday evening, and seems to be set-in ; if so, we must be on the look out for a flood. 