MURDER BY THE BLACKS. It is our painful task to record the barbarous murder of two of our fellow colonists, Jones and Chidlow, by the blacks. These men were two of our most industrious and pains-taking set- tlers, and inoffensive and conciliating in their treatment of the natives; the occur- rence is therefore seriously deplored by the colonists at large. The motives which actuated the natives to commit this diabolical act are hitherto unknown to us; the whole affair is wrapped in mys- tery, further than may be collected from the following deposition, taken before the Government Resident at York, D. Mac- Leod, Esq.:— William Chidlow, being sworn, deposed,—On Saturday, the 8th instant, my brother (Peter Chidlow) and Edward Jones, my partner, went to a grant about eight miles from Northam, belong- ing to Mrs. Lyttleton, to do the location duties thereon. On Wednesday evening last, when my boy (Edward Thorp), who attends my cattle, came home, he told me that one of the native whom he had met in the bush while tending cattle, had told him that my brother and Jones were both speared dead. Immediately Mr. Morrell and I went down to Mr. Heal's, for the purpose of inquiring into the truth of the boy's statement. When we arrived at Heal's, they had heard nothing of my brother or my partner, but were afraid they were speared, on account of a native boy, who used to go out with their sheep and cattle, having been called and taken away by some other natives. I then went with Mr. Morrell and Banks, and one of the soldiers, to Mrs Lyttleton's grant, and as we were going along the road I picked up my brother's gun, about 100 yards from his hut. We then saw that the hut was burnt down, and there was a little barley left burning. We then searched about, in all directions, for upwards of an hour, but could find nothing of my brother or partner. We then re- turned to Mr. Heal's. At daylight next morning Banks and the same soldier and I went back to renew our search, and, after searching a little time, found the body of my brother, buried about eighteen inches in the ground, and covered over with thick wood and mould; it was near the place where the hut stood. We dug the body up, and Banks and the soldier examined it, and found seven spear wounds: I, myself, saw that his jaw was broken. We covered the body over with bows, and then went in search of Jones. We searched about four or five hours, but could not find him. We then looked after the cattle (17 head) which my bro- ther had with him, eight of which I supposed to be in yoke—but we could not find them. We then buried the body lightly again, and returned to Mr. Heals. We had arrived about five minutes, when Joseph Green, who was coming with a cart from Toudgee, came in and told us he had found the body of Jones, with some spears with him. Then Joseph Green and Banks and a soldier went back for both bodies. I then left Mr. Heal and went home. The cattle, we learn, have been re- covered, with the exception of one cow, which the natives had killed. A bullock came down to Jones's, at Guildford, about a week after the murder, with a spear in its neck. It is not probable that the report of the Northam natives being at the head of the Swan is true. Mr. Williams, of Redcliff, on the Swan, was alarmed, a few days ago, by a party of natives; they went off, how- ever, without offering any violence, al- though repeated threats were used. Murder of a Native by a Native.—We were unwilling to credit the rumour that the King George's Sound native was murdered by his com- panions, on Garden Island, but it now appears there is little doubt of the fact,—one of the perpe- trators of the barbarous act having confessed it to a Swan River native, assigning, as the cause, the mere circumstance of the poor man having come too far from his home ! The native, the murderer of William Knott, has been taken prisoner at York, by Mr. A. Trimmer and Mr. Souper. He has confessed to the murder, but says he was influenced by the constant chants of his mother and other old women, to commit the deed. ———— Sale of Crown Land.—A sale of 340 acres of crown land, situate with- in three or four miles of Perth, look place on Monday last, in front of the Govern- ment Offices. The land was knocked down to Mr. Helms, the applicant for this lot, at the high price of £1 per acre. Considerable competition was occasioned by some parties, who had purchased officers' title to remission-money in the purchase of land, and which it was their purpose to tender in payment to the go- vernment. This is a practice which could not have been contemplated by the members of the home government, in allowing the indulgence to officers in his Majesty's service; and it has, for the first time, come into operation in this colony, to the injury of a bona fide pur- chaser of land. We have long since foreseen the possibility of the system working to the prejudice of new-comers, and we have every reason to believe the government will exercise the strictest vigilance to control its operation as far as practicable, and consistent with an ad- herence to the existing regulations. The simple facts of the present case are, that Mr. Helms, who has lately arrived in the colony, applied for the land in question, which was advertised in the usual form, and put up at the minimum price of five shillings per acre. The purchase was contested by parties holding an officer's right of remission, which had been lying dormant for several years, and had been transferred by purchase to two parties— the officer having dispored of his title at a reduced rate. Thus even the second purchaser could bid twice as much as the cash purchaser, and probably more, ac- cording to the nature of his bargain with the holder of the title, and still in reality be on the same footing with the party who has applied for the land. For in- stance, he may have bought the officer's remission at 2s. 6d. per acre, or less,— The subject is well treated in the follow- ing extract, which we have taken from the Sydney Calendar; it appears under the head of HINTS TO EMIGRANTS. After the selection is made, the Emigrant sends to the Surveyor-General's Office his "Form of Ap- plication for Land." These "Forms of Applica- tion" are transmitted from the Surveyor Generals Office to the Governor twice every month: and are returned from the Colonial Secretary's Office, with directions, if approved of, to have the specified al- lotment measured. Orders are then transmitted to the District Surveyor to have the measurement completed; and a return of this measurement, when completed, is duly made to the Surveyor- General. These admeasurements, according as they come in, are sent in files from the Office of the Surveyor- General to that of the Colonial Secretary,—who finally authorises the section in question to be sold by public auction, according to the conditions con- tained in the Government regulations respecting land. The time taken for completing the order of ad- measurement will depend, of course, on the nature of the land to be measured, and its distance from head- quarters. Generally speaking, the Emigrant may not expect this part of his series of formalities towards becoming a "Lord of the Soil" to occupy less than six weeks. He may well allow himself six weeks, in the first instance, to make choice of his allotment. His application cannot be expected to be less than a week in the Surveyor-General's Office before transmission to the Colonial Secre- tary,—the abstracts being prepared with this view once a fortnight; the Governor's approval for mea- surement may not be expected from the latter office in less than four weeks: and, after the ad- measurements are filed in the Surveyor-General's Office, two weeks (the period is not unfrequently two months) may be expected to elapse before the publication of the day of sale takes place in the Government Gazette, so that by the time when the day of sale arrives, about NINE MONTHS, on the most favorable calculation, must elapse from the day of his arrival in the territory till the time when he has it in his power to bid for the spot which he has chosen. And then, it is in the power of any other colonist, whose interest in the allotment thus put up for sale may, from contiguity, or other cir- cumstances, be much greater than that of an Emi- grant newly arrived, to out-bid him at the sale. Should this be the case, the same round of formali- ties—of choice, application, admeasurement, pub- lication, and sale,—has to be repeated, with the same chance of success. Such a state of things calls loudly for rectification. For the welfare of the Emigrant, and of course for the welfare of the Co- lony,—as presenting under an altered system a higher inducement for the emigration of capitalists, —it were much to be wished that such a difference of arrangement were adopted for the location of the territory, as would admit the Emigrant being at once put in possession of the allotment which he has chosen. Owing, in a great measure, to the scanty demand for land over so vast a territory, the present mode of admeasurement is not calculated to facilitate the speedy settlement of the country. Even in those parts of the Colony which have been well surveyed and already located, it is a matter of no small difficulty to determine existing boundaries. The natural growth of the timber, and the bush- fires, soon obliterate the labours of the surveyor, so that in choice and fixation the settler has difficulties to encounter which he will seldom find it possible to overcome, without the advice and assistance of some friend, properly qualified to guide his proceedings. The difficulties attending the choice of a settler, and the delays inevitable at present in the progress to- wards his ultimate fixation, are so serious as to de- mand the speedy and effective interference of Go- vernment, either of throwing the entire process of allocation more immediately under the eye of the Surveyor-General, or, at all events, in abridging and regulating the needless and vexatious formalities which intervene between the choice and possession of the Emigrant's local habitation. During this time of uncertainty, what must the Emigrant do? The large capitalist, under these circumstances, needs less to be taken into account, inasmuch as he is likely to have connexions and interests, combined with his previous habits and knowledge, sufficient to guide him in his conduct; if not, he can better afford to purchase experience for himself. To the man whose capital is serious- ly encroached upon by the expenses of every idle day, it is of consequence to be warned against the hazards of his early residence in the Colony. It is to be presumed, in devising directions under these circumstances, that the Emigrant comes out married, and has the desire of settling himself and family down as soon as possible, in the possession of independence, and with the fair prospect of con- tinually increasing comfort. The man who comes out to settle in this country as an agriculturist, un- married, mistakes sadly his social and financial in- terests. If, upon arrival in the Colony, an Emi- grant of the description presumed possess a clear capital of not more than 300l., he ought, in the first instance, at once to place his capital out at in- terest on good security in Sydney: which at pre- sent he may readily do, at not less than ten per cent. He ought, meantime, to take a subordinate situation as overseer to some of the numerous stockholders, who are ever in want of respectable men to manage their affairs. In this case, pecu- niary remuneration ought not to be an object with him. His great aim ought to be, to get a position where he is saved at once the necessity of encroach- ing on his capital, and obtains, meanwhile, an op- portunity of learning the practices of the territory, and gaining gradually such knowledge as will en- able him to fix himself down advantageously as a land and stockholder on his own account. During this period of probation, he must make up his mind to the forfeiture of all regard to appearances, to the absence of every elegance, and the loss even of al- most every comfort which he may have been ac- customed to at home. He must set himself as- siduously to the performance of the appropriate duties of his position. In the due performance of these duties, he will best gather that knowledge which will be most and soonest available in aid of his endeavours to secure for himself a comfortable independence. Twelve or eighteen months, or even more, spent in this surbordiuate situation, will be sure to compensate amply the irksomeness or dis- comfort which its occupation implies. While in this situation, he will have leisure and means to discover what parts, of the unlocated districts of the terri- tory are best adapted for furthering his specific views; and to weigh the comparative advantages of purchasing or renting land from Government, and from private individuals. His experience is likely to suggest to him, that the risks of a sheep establishment are such as to render it hazardous for small capitalists attempting the growth of wool. No man ought to commence sheep farming without considerable resources, and before being at least twelve months a resident in the Colony. Be- fore purchasing a single sheep, he ought to possess ample means for depasturing his flocks and guard- ing against contingencies, which, in the case of the small capitalist, might endanger his all. Caution and security, and the avoidance of every thing in shape of hazard, ought to mark the whole of his proceedings in the outset. Proceeding thus, he is likely to perceive that his best way of laying a solid foundation for success, is to commence with horned stock; because their management is simple in the extreme, they are subject to no disease worth notic- ing, and their return is immediate,—as they furnish important supplies for the support of his establish- ment. By specific agreement with his employer, besides, he has it in his power to commence keep- ing such stock under his own superintendence, while overseer; so that, against the time when he makes his purchase of a home station for himself, he may have a small herd to begin with, without any outlay of capital for this purpose at all: and this ought to be a matter of special consideration with him. 