KING GEORGE'S SOUND. BY three native messengers, letters have been received from King George's Sound to the 7th instant. These natives were dispatched by Mr. D.A.C.G. Drake, and they came over land, by way of the Williams' River. A Correspondent informs us, that since our last communications received from the Sound, the Bright Planet, Captain Steel, from Calcutta, put in on the 22d May, and the Marinus, Captain Paterson, from Penang, on the 16ih June, both with assorted cargoes, well adapt- ed to the wants of the Settlement, and offered at moderate prices. The Planet sold cargo to the amount of about l,000£. Rice at 1½d ; soap, 5d ; M sugar, l¾£ and 2d; candles, 8d ; wax candles, Is 11d ; flour and bread, 3d per lb. ; pork, 5£. 5s per cask ; and other articles of general consump- tion in proportion. These tidings compel us to renew our regret, that some arrangement cannot be effected to dispatch the Colonial schooner Champion from this to bring up many of the articles which are much wanted here, and are to be had within so short a distance in abundance. A passenger per Marinus, of the firm of Stewart & Co., of Penang, left twelve tons of rice, &c.;, to be sold, and the proceeds to be invested in land. Mr. Stewart, it is understood, intends to try this climate for the benefit of Mrs. Stewart's health, that of England not agreeing with her. Captain McCrea, R N, of H.M.S. Zebra, who has gone to England, has remitted a considerable amount of capital to the Sound to purchase land, and has written to say he expects to arrive there with his family at the commencement of the ensuing year. Provisions being cheap and abundant, with the hopes of new settlers, and sheep-farms doing well especially the flocks lately imported from Sydney this Settlement is decidedly " looking up." It ap- pears they only require, at present, some public works to be commenced to infuse fresh spirit into the labouring classes. Greater attention has been paid to the gardens of this place this sea- son than had been the case before. Two American whalers, the Samuel Wright, and Delphos, and one French whaler, Harmonie, lying at Port Two People, will take off a quantity of vegetables ; the industrious labourer has therefore every prospect of reaping the benefit of his industry. Captain Steel, of the Bright Planet, brings in- formation from Calcutta, that the Baboo (the ves- sel expected here some months back) was not taken up for this, voyage, but that the Emerald Isle was chartered, and may be expected to arrive here very shortly. From the foregoing intelligence, especially the satisfactory account conveyed in our last paragraph, we find the importance of opening a land commu- nication on a proper and effective footing. The intermediate country would be improved by it, as establishments would soon be formed on the line of road, and the public interests would be consi- derably advanced. Of rumours, we have the following :— CANADA -Intelligence had been received at Cal- cutta of an insurrecion in Upper Canada Several affrays had taken place between the military and the rebels, without decided advantage to either side. The British Government had to march troops from Nova Scotia through their territory, and a body of five thousand men were to be immediately embarked from England in men-of-war. A ru- mour of war in india was also afloat against the Burmese. TRUSTEES FOR THE TOWNSHIP OF PERTH.— The preliminary meeting to carry into effect the act of Council, lately passed the Legislative Council, to regu- late the improvement of the streets of Perth, was very indifferently attended, we suspect, from the provisions of this act not being generally understood. It is a matter of some moment that all those who hold allotments of land in fee- simple should make a point of attending at the Court-house on Tuesday next, as they are individually interested in the oppoint- ment of their chairman and local direct- ors, who will then be chosen by ballot. THE NATIVES.-Disturbances of a serious nature, arising out of private quarrels and family feuds, have enlivened the streets of Perth during the last week. One woman was killed early on Satur- day morning last, but the deed was not committed within the sight of European evidence ; consequently the authorities will not interfere. The native Narrai, who was reported to us to have killed his wife, lately betrothed to him, on our in- quiring of him his reasons for murdering her, very coolly replied, " Me love wo manny — womanny no love me,— me kill." This act has incensed the friends of the poor woman, and although a part of the same tribe, such a deadly enmity and determination to seek revenge has been created, that several women have sought, and, we need not say, have obtained pro- tection in the habitations of the white people, from whence they dare not stir, in apprehension of their lives. We can- not be wrong in offering these poor beings every protection, but in subjecting them to the penalties of our code of laws, in punishment of offences one to another, we are exercising a degree of interfer- ence which they cannot be made to un- derstand, and which would naturally bring upon us their hostility and resent- ment. It would require ages to remove their prejudices, or to change their savage code to our practices ; indeed, nothing but a perfect regeneration of the whole race can have the slightest influ- ence. Lord Goderich, in the following extract, has taken a very proper view of a case, which is very similar to a recent trial in this colony : Exlract of a Report continued in the Asiatic Journal and Monthly Register for Foreign India, China, and Australia, October, 1837, founded on the Parliamentary Report, on the Treatment of British Colonial Aborigines. Lord Goderich, in a letter to the Governor of British Guinea, on a reference as to sentence of death passed upon a native Indian for the murder of another, observes,—" It is a serious considera- tion that we have subjected these tribes to the penalties of a code of which they unavoidably live in profound ignorance ; they have not even that conjectural knowledge of its provisions which would be suggested by the precepts of religion, if they had ever received the most elementary in- struction in the christian faith : they are brought into acquaintance with civilized life, not to partake its blessings, but only to feel the severity of its penal sanction." We referred, a few weeks back, to Lord Glenelg's opinion, that acts of in- justice to the aborigines had been com- mitted by the white population. As a proof of our patient endurance of injuries which have to this day remained unre- sented, we give the following statement, obligingly communicated to us by J. R. Phillips, Esq., Government Resident. The total amount of "the several losses sustained, estimated at the value of the property at the time when the depreda- tions were committed, is £1,500. The increase of the property thus destroyed would now have realised upwards of £4,000. It must be remembered this is only in one district-—that of the Canning River. This certified statement bears out our repeated calls for some exam- plary punishment to be inflicted upon the guilty perpetrators of these repeated robberies ; and ought to satisfy the mind of the home minister, that he has arrived at too hasty a conclusion, and without due inquiry :— 1830\. Henry Bull had speared, one horse. October, J. R. Phillips speared, and same day Adams' house burnt, at Kelmscott ; Wright and Adams had driven away and killed, 40 sheep.... 1831, May. George Kedger killed, and a boy at the same time badly speared.... 1832, June, Gays killed. Nov, Mrs. Dobbins speared.... 1833, April. John Velvic and Tom Velvic killed. June, J. R. Phillips had killed, thirty-one sheep, and thirty-four goats,... 1834, June. At Major Nairn's, one colt, two years old, by Farmer, out of Lewis' large mare.... 1835, April. From J. R. Phillips' farm, twenty four sheep, and seven goats. .... 1836, June. J R. Phillips had killed, fifteen sheep ; do. do. a colt, a year and a half old, out of his large bay mare.... 1837, May. J. R. Phillips do. seventeen sheep, and fifty-nine goats, and thirty five full-grown turkeys ; Mrs. Thompson's house burnt, and Mr Millers house plundered. December, Major Nairn had driven away, three hundred and forty sheep, out of which the natives killed sixty-five sheep ; James Clewlow speared and left for dead ; Charles Hokin do. do.... 1838, April. Two fillies, one sheep, and eleven turkeys ; Mr Davis had one cow speared, and obliged to be killed. July, J. R. Phillips, one pony; Major Nairn, one pony; Kelmscott Barracks burnt. Besides which, about fifty pigs have been destroyed by the natives, and by their running or bush- fires have been burnt, the following houses :—A very good house just up by the Adams's at the Creek ; a good house just up by James Day ; a good house and barn just up by the Middletons at Kelmscott ; a house and out-buildings of Captain Ellice's ; a house and out-buildings of Mr. Wright's; a small house of Captain Bannister's; a small house of Serjeant Barron's. In 1834, three quarters of an acre of potatoes robbed at night-time. In 1835, one quarter of an acre of early potatoes robbed ditto, and two bags of flour, 370lbs., taken from my mill. NEW GOVERNMENT OFFICES.-The new Government Offices, although in an unfinished state, have heen occupied for the last week. The delay which has occurred in the erection of this building, is a strong proof of the impolicy of al- lowing a number of mechanics to take a contract for any public work. The ex- periment was tried in this instance by the Governor, with a good motive, but it has totally failed. It is a matter of some question whether the present contractors —now reduced to two, originally eight or ten—will be able to complete the work. PUBLIC SALE.—The high prices ob- tained by Mr. Samson at his sale held yesterday, at Perth, afford a fair instance of the market value of some commodities. Oats were sold at 39s. the bag, supposed to contain about three bushels ; bran, 2¾d. per lb. ; soap (only a small quantity offered), 6s. Wearing apparel at most extravagant prices. Brandy,. 39s. the gallon. The horse Buffalo, imported by Mr. Talbot from Van Diemen's Land, was sold for £46 ; goats, £2. A town-clock, or some established and regular notation of the time of day, is much wanted at Perth. The military bugle is not to be depended upon, we believe, not from any intentional neglect on the part of the bugler, but from a variance in the time-pieces of the colony. The signal for preparing the soldiers for church, if better attended to, would serve as an intimation to the inhabitants gene- rally. As it now is, it only misleads. 