NEWS FROM THE INTERIOR (From our various Correspondents,) GOULBURN. TUESDAY, DEC. 13. - We are still subject to violent atmospheric changes. The former part of last Sunday was so cold that we had to seek for shelter in our winter garb, and toast our toes before the blazing fire ; but in about thirty hours the thermometer rose 60 degrees - yesterday it was even higher than 100 degees in the shade, when great coats and fires were no longer to he seen. This day has been much cooler, thermometer at 80 degrees in the shade; but in the evening fell considerably, and great coats again in request. From some of the remarks that fell from, one of the Common Councillors, we have been led to believe that there are hundreds of out-door labourers idle in Sydney; if some of them would come up here they would be sure to fall into employment in this busy season, when on every station all hands are at work and more wanted. Sheep shearing has been general for the last month, and now harvest is partially commenced at Bungonia and Jaoqua, where they are better than was anti- cipated; but for the want of rain the potato crop there will be very indifferent. At Strathaird and Chatesbury, both late and early crops look well. The New Jail.-The walls of this stupendous pile of building have been finished for some time ; they have been about sixteen months in rearing, mid now that they are completed, so far as it has been proceeded with, it reflects great credit on Mr. Sinclair, the contractor, who, we understand, has also contracted for the roof, which, if he carries on with the same spirit, this spacious recept- tacle for the rogues will be soon ready to receive them. There was another case of cattle-stealing Ï brought before the Boich here last week, ^ which ended in the parties concerned being [ committed to take their trial for the otfenop, '-' A woman and her paramour have benn t, token up on suspicion of having made away !. with her husband, who bus been missing for | some weeks _ j» There are very extensive bush-fires in our neighbourhood; but we have not heard of any particular damage being done as yet, Nine o'clock, P.M. the long wished for rain has begun to fall. 