AUSTRALIAN PASTORALS AN ESSAY ON PASTORAL POETRY—OR ANYTHING ELSE; in the course of which is introduced an EBONIAN ECLOGUE, intituled NUMSKULTA AND RUMTULTA. Port Lincoln, November, 1843. Gentlemen — For the last year and a half, I have been enacting imperfectly the part of Robinson Crusoe in this really pretty portion of what, I trust, will yet become a flourishing British Colony. Turning my back on the lowering future, and looking forth from the clouds which envelop the present, I have occasionally wandered, in imagination, among the sunny regions of the past. There I have communed with the poets who peopled that land of faerie in which my youth dreamed itself away, and, among others, with the authors of our olden and modern pastorals. While thus engaged, the fact struck me as extra- ordinary, that, in a country so extensively pastoral us this, pastoral poetry should be altogether unwritten, and almost unread. What! thought I, may not the Ausrralian grass-tree be made to yield music as sweet as that of the Grecian reed ? Are not the Guernsey- frocks, fustian trousers, and mocassins of our shep- herds, as graceful, or, at least, as useful as the robe and sandals of their sheep-tending predecessors? If the simplicity of the Tam O'Shanter be, in itself, less effective than the coronal of flowers, does not the wreath of tobacco-smoke, which perpetually encircles the former, confer at least an equal degree of the pic- turesque ? And surely the double-barrelled rifle is an appendage as ornamental as the crook! The shep- herdesses, however, are wanting, thanks to the vulgar pursuits, such as cooking, stitching, and washing, to which the as vulgar appetites and wants of us moderns condemn our females, and in this particular I am loath to confess our inferiority. Ah, well-a-day, for the times of old! And, sinking antiquity, alas for that good-humoured, well-behaved, happy world that rolled around the sun, making music, sweet, ot course, yet, all imperceptible to the eternal sense, "In my hot youth, when George III. was King." People knew how to be cheerful and to make others so then! The May-pole had not struck its colours. The morrice-bells were not hushed by the din of steam carriages. Even chimney- sweepers washed their faces once a year; and "Jack-in-the-green" conveyed to the minds of the most inveterate and smoke-dried townsman a rude idea of the shape and colour of a tree. A taste for innocent and rural pursuits, too, was indicated by the subjects of those works of art which were most popular. To say nothing of the brilliantly- coloured sketches of "haymaking," "harvest- home," &c.; &c;, which adorned the walls of "the homes of England," the mantle-shelf of every second cottage had its group, whether in china or in delph, wherein peace and idleness were blended aid personified. At the base of a thick-stemmed and broad-branched oak sat a lack- adaisical-looking being, whose dress would seem to denote the masculine gender. In his mouth was a pipe — not a tobacco-pipe, but a whistle. At his left hand, seated on a moss- covered toe of the old tree, was a shepherd feminine, near whose feet (faint em- blem of her own innocence and timidity) couched a sleeping lamb. Of course in her hand she held a crook, some three or four times the length of the tree. Around basked a few lazy sheep, evidently thinking as little of shearing time and the shambles as the enamoured pair did of teeth-cutting or the measles. But this is a digression. I was about to make a few remarks on pastoral poery, hoping that, by means of "your influential and wdely-circulaled journal," as the contributors have it I may effect the revival of the genuine eclogue in South Australia. Imagine yourself, Mr Editor, after gulping and gasping, through an entire summer-day, the scorching air and dust of Adelaide, imagine yourself taking a cool amble to Mount Barker, or Willunga, or Gumaraka, or some other unga or aka and saying to yourself, "Well, thank my stars! my lungs are now sufficiently rinced to enable me to begin to breathe!" when, suddenly, as your horse steps up a hill-side, you hear an inexplicable sound — a "tu- woo-boo-coo" — a "twiddle-widdle-niddle-didde" —in short, a whist ling, resembling neither that of the paroquet, the musical-magpie, nor the laughing- jackass. With phiz greatly elongated and whitened, you rein up your rozinante, dismount, and, putting your arm through his bridle, lead him stealthily, breathlessly, in the direction whence proceed the mysterious notes; when, lo! you behold Ned Footrot the shepherd, and Tom Stockwhip, the herdsman, alternately squeaking and grunting at each other through a piece of hollow cane or grass-tree, and, anon, reciting heroic verses in praise of their respective mistresses or other animals, while Bill Lag, the bullock-driver, sits on the shaft of his "wehicle" (his cattle meanwhile browsing the neigh- bouring she-oaks) prepared to award the prize con- tended for — perchance a tobacco-pouch or bread-and- cheese knife. Only imagine, Mr Editor, how refresh- ing, how romantic, how Arcadian ? About the desirableness of such a result there can be no doubt. "It is a consummation devoutly to be wished;" but, as practical men, it behoves us to con- sider how it may be brought about. The newspaper press, with the aid of your humble servant, may effect much, but not aIl. I would therefore suggest that you cause to be printed a volume containing the follow- ing works. The " Idyllimu of Theocritus" (trans- lations, for the originals would be Greek to some of your readers, and hieroglyphs to the remaider); translations of the "Idyllimu of Bion and Moschus," and of the Eclogues of Virgil Spenser's "Shepherd's Calendar;" Pope's and Phillip's Eclogues; and, above all, the Pastorals of John Gay — the only real pastorals in any language. The gentlemen herdsmen of Theocritus, and the maccaroni shepherds of Pope, are as inferior in actuality o the bean-and bacon, masticators of Gay, as a wax oil is to the proprietor of the silver mine at Glen Omond. Complete this massive tome by a reprint of "Walker's Rhyming Dictionary," and the thing is one — that is, if you can get the public to buy the book and co-operate fully in our plan. The title should be —"Every Man, Woman, and Child, his, her, or its, own Poet." The rural population having been converted into the likeness of Hudibras, of whom it is written "That his mouth he culd not ope But straight way out there flew a trope," our efforts must not be directed to the town population, for my scheme is so comprehensive that, exceeding the limits of the pastoral, I shall not be satisfied until every expression of thought and feeling in South Australia shall be made through the medium of verse. How often has it been a reflection on men, and women too, that they argued, wrote, or talked "without rhyme or reason" — my plan having been universally adopted, so grave an accusation cannot again be alleged against any one. Perhaps you pronounce me enthusiastic. I may be so. I admit that I shall not be content until I have so multiplied the Muses that every water-carrier, bullock-driver, maid-of-all- work, apprentice, and school boy shall have one to himself, or herself. Say you it will be difficult to effect this? Perhaps so. The greater then the triumph of effecting it, since all classes have given up home-spun in dress for silks and satins, why should not all discard plain prose in language and use only the silken tissues of verse? Six months after the publication of the volumed intituled "Every Man, &c.;," the townspeople ougt to be so far advanced as to justify the dormant Corporation in reawaking to pass a by-law against the use of pro s — the penalty to be unusually heavy. What an Elysium will Adelaide be then! a little muddy or dusty perhaps — but what of that! We will imagine a lady going into a linen-draper's shop and addressing the owner thus — "Mr Twill, have you, in your batch Of ribbons, one this shade to match?" Twill, of course, has the identical thing, and the dia- logue thus proceeds— " I think I have— John, give me down The drawer above your head." "Ay, ay Sir I'"' That's too near a brown, And this too bright a red," &c.;, &c.; A settler goes into the sale-room of the late Ade- laide Auction Company, when a conversation takes place, of which the following is a sample— " Pray, Mr N–––, when will you sell That talked-of flock of sheep?" "The day, as yet, I cannot tell— No doubt they will go cheap." "Are they without reserve ?" "Oh, yes." "Then they'll go rather low, I guess." I hope, however, that our improvising population will adhere rigidly to the heroic stanza as being the most legitimate. It is quite as easy as any other. For instance, a mother and daughter sally forth, after breakfast, to make purchases. Entering the shop of a green-grocer, the former asks the shop-boy— "These cabbages, how much ?" The boy answers— "A penny, Ma'am— A penny each—real good ones, and no sham." "The radishes ?" "A halfpenny a bunch.*' "Julia, my dear, we'll take some home for lunch." "Well that's a noble melon, I declare !" "Yes Ma'am, there's 30 lbs and good weight, there." All domestic operations, from the lullaby which in- veigles the baby into temporary slumber, to the curtain lecture, bestowed, often so inefficaciously, on Papa, may may be conducted in the same manner. Sitting at break- fast, little Sophy sings out from the opposite side of the table — "Papa, please will you pass my coffee here?" Papa, of course, complies, remarking— "Be careful; it is very hot, my dear." Or Mamma, hearing the child cry, exclaims — "Mary, why is that baby screaming so ?" And Mary, very naturally, as well as poetically, answers— "Why, Ma'am, he's got a flea upon his toe!" Thus, you see, Mr Editor, nothing in art or nature is so easy. However, don't commence on the town yet; poetising the country will be enough for you to under- take at present. For myself, I shall confine my imme- diate efforts to the blacks, for I do not know why the Murray tribes should be more poetical than the Port Lincoln. It is true I know but a few words of their language, and they as few of mine, but what of that? If genius suffers itself to be impeded by such paltry ob- stacles, the circle will never be squared, nor the philoso- pher's stone discovered. But perhaps you will be dull enough to suggest, that it may be advisable, first to teach the blacks to build habitations, wear clothing, and acquire property in the soil on which they were born, instead of rambling over it like the emu or wallaby. It may be your opinion that their education should commence in the A B ab fashion; that they should be taught the simple operations of mind, and led, by gradations, into the more complex. Never did Editor make a more egregious blunder! Observe the principle of the wedge. Mark how it is misunder- stood or misapplied by infatuated mechanics. Falling into a mistake in physics, similar to your metaphysical blunder, the operative applies the small end to the block. How preposterous! The result is speedily seen. He has to hammer, hammer, hammer, with all his might, and at length, by slow degrees, introduces the larger end. Now, is it not self-evident that if he inserted the larger end at the outset, the smaller would follow as a matter of course ? Just upon this principle I propose to proceed in ham- mering European ideas into the ebony blocks of the Port Lincoln natives. I take no credit to myself for the dis- covery. The principle has been long known and acted on by European schoolmasters. Had you not a Latin Grammar stuck into your hands before you understood a word of the language whose rules were to be driven into your memory at the point of the cane? Following so rational an example, then, I propose to teach the blacks in the first instance metaphysics, the higher branches of mathematics, and the belles lettres. Ideas, words, and inexpressibles will, of course, follow in natural order. Do you still doubt ? Custom-hardened sceptic! behold what is better than millions of arguments — behold proof! —palpable, tangible, ocular proof! Read, and blush while you read, the first eclogue impro vised by natives of Australia — and doubt its authenticity if you can:— NUMSKULTA AND RUMTULTA. AN EBONIAN ECLOGUE SCENE— The head of Spencer's Gulf. NUMSKULTA Good day, Rumtulta! while this hot wind blows 'Neath shady mangroves, let us cool our toes. The cracking bush-fire sweeps along this way, And we have grub sufficient for to-day. Within some thirty miles there is a well As big, or bigger, than a limpet- shell. Let's start! 'tis done as easily as said; The scrub is scarcely higher than your head. RUMTULTA. Agreed! take you the spears, the clubs, and waddies; I'll bear the 'possums, and the other bodies. NUMSKULTA. We should be there, I smell the water near; And, lo! the branch you hid it with is here. Lick off the scum, and first your thirst assuage It has the tint and mellow smack of age! RUMTULTA. Go make the grass-tree yield thee fire—we'll dine; The task to grill the frizzing game be mine. NUMSKULTA. And, while one savoury fume another chases, I will collect ripe berries and "pig-faces." RUMTUTLA. My appetite declines; however nice, I find twelve wombats for a meal suffice. NUMSKULTA. And so does mine ; a joey kangaroo Makes me a meal—a boomer serves for two. RUMTULTA. Age cannot be the cause; 'tis then a question, If it be love, or an impaired digestion ? NUMSKULTA. 'Tis love, dear Rumta— love beyond degree. That drains life's springs in thee and hapless me! RUMTUTLA My Numska, let us in alternate verse The merits of our mistresses rehearse! NUMSKULTA. Agreed — beneath this broad and arching tree.— Here comes Spoongulta; he shall umpire be. SPOONGULTA Just as you please. But I am worn with toil. So let me first these reeking paunches broil. NUMSKULTA. On the result this war-spear I will stake; (Seven days the long destroyer cost to make)— Those waddies, and these emu-feathers, too; Broad shells, and plenty teeth of kangaroo. RUMTULTA These things I stake, that emu-oil beside (Cure of all ills that fighting-men betide) — This netted scrip, that heap of colours see, For courtship, war, courting, corroboree. NUMSKULTA All's settled, then; Rumtulta, I shall win! SPOONGULTA. There's plenty-too- much gammon. Come, begin! NUMSKULTA. My love is lustrous as the summer night; Her eyes as summer's largest stars are bright! When the black snake his wavy form extends, He mocks the grace with which her figure bends. NUMKSULTA. The dusky swan, upon the rippling tide Less beauteous is than my all-perfect bride. Her voice combines of all swept birds the sounds; Swift as the emu o'er the plain she bounds. RUMTULTA. My Quizby's teeth are as Spring-mushrooms white. NUMSKULTA. Pusskatia's broad nose is my heart's delight. RUMTULTA. When, painted newly, at full moon, agree Our tribes to mingle in corroboree, My eyes with Quizby's in the circle meet, My heart and hand with her's responsive beat, Our lips together move; she marks each tone Of mine—a deeper echo of her own! NUMSKULTA. When Winter lowers, and chilling showers descend, And howling winds the trembling wurlies rend, And skins, close-wrapp'd around Pusskattia, hide More beauties than the world contains beside, 'Tis mine to make the crackling flames arise. And wave the smoke-wreaths from her smarting eyes. RUMTULTA. When to my hungry Quizby, pleased, I take Half-raw guana, or half-eaten snake, Or cram her mouth with maggots from the wood (While from each corner luscious drops exude), in her fond looks I read my happy fate, For with such looks the pigeon greets her mate. NUMSKULTA. The ridges on my Pusskat's chest, to me Are beautiful as wavelets of the sea, Yet scar, grease, paint, add not one beauty more To that lithe form on which for hours I pore; And while my fingers comb her matted hair (Removing aught that should not harbour there), Her glance is soft as moonbeams, when they fall On yellow wattle, or the grass-tree tall. RUMTULTA. When last my spear from the tough womerang flew, 'Twas thought of Quizby sent it whizzing true. NUMSKULTA. When last the waddy made my thick skull smoke, Thoughts of Pusskattia made it bear the stroke. RUMTULTA. Own, Numska, that my claim surpasses thine; That, happy thou, yet happier fate is mine. NUMSKULTA. Spoongulta, own, than him I am more blest, And hand me here the colours and the rest! SPOONGULTA. Go, boobies both, and waddy each his dear, Then, senseless, bring the maids, your lubras, here. Warriors in name, but whining boys in fact, Leave girls to sigh and whine; men should act! You'll be less sentimental when, like me, You've waddy- wedded lubras five times three, And count, around your wurley's spacious door, For every lubra, piccaninnies four! TIMOTHEUS. –––––––––– The approaching festival of the Odd Fellows of Adelaide will render appropriate the of the following lines from the Bradford Observer of June the 10th, 1843:— THE TREE OF ODDFELLOWSHIP. —AN ALLEGORY. By P G. BENJAMIN STOTT (Manchester District.) Firm in the centre of the sea, A rock-bound island long hath stood, On which there grows a goodly tree, The tree of faith and brotherhood. 'Twas planted by an angel's hand, Sent down in mercy from above, To guide and cheer our father-land, To bind us in fraternal love. Fair is its form, and passing fair The fertile spot where it doth root, Its broad umbrageous branches bear A blessed life-sustaining fruit. It flourisheth o'er all the earth, Beloved by the grateful soul, Its precious seeds and moral worth Have spread its fame from pole to pole. 'Tis free from foul corruption's curse, And pure as is the maiden's lip , A thousand tongues its praise rehearse, THE TREE OF TRUE ODDFELLOWSHIPO Oh ! blessed tree, our hope below, Beneath thy boughs mankind are blest, There can we soothe our deepest woe, There can we find a blissful rest. Where'er thy glorious seeds are spread, The shelterless shall succour find, The wretched shall be clothed and fed, Protected be the lame and blind; The weeping widow left in grief, Shall find a balm for all her fears,— Sweet sympathy shall bring relief, And kindness dry her burning tears. The little helpless orphan child That lifts its tiny hands in prayer. Whose innocence was ne'er beguiled, Shall claim and have especial care; Men shall be link'd in friendship's ties, And universal love shall reign,— All that our nature dignifies. Shall kindle into life again. Oddfellowship, all hail the time That hastens on thy welcome course! Thy principles are pure !—sublime ! And godlike is thy heavenly source. May all the world in love combine, To greet thee as the friend of man, And He all hearts in mercy join, Who is, and was, ere time began, Bradford, June 7th, 1643. A transaction, scarcely credible, has lately taken place at Copenhagen. The ancient Danish laws for regulating criminal processes authorize the judge, when there are strong presumptions against the accused, to inflict diffe- rent kinds of torture to produce confession. Two modes of torture are still retained in the laws :— 1. Lashes on the naked back with a scourge, having either knots or pieces of lead at its ends. 2. Solitary imprisonment in a dark dungeon for three days, and bread and water. On every fourth day the accused is placed in a cell into which the light is admitted, and then he receives the food commonly allowed to prisoners. Hitherto, no Danish examining judge had put in practice these laws of con- straint against journalists, or for any offences of the press. This unheard-of proceeding has been reserved for the present time. Herr Hansen, editor of the daily paper called Faedreaelander, which is published in Copenhagen, inserted in August last an article on the debt of the country. Two censors had allowed this article to pass, and it was quite forgotten by the public. However, at the beginning of last month, the Danish Chancery or dered a prosecution. Hansen was brought before Judge Gudenroth, who ordered him to explain the meaning of the article. The editor replied, that he did not recollect the circumstances that induced him to write it, nor the ideas which were then passing in his mind. The judge insisted upon explanations, and as he did not obtain them, he ordered the unfortunate journalist to the dun- geon and bread and water. After being 48 hours in pri- son, he was attacked by violent cholic and vomiting. He then wrote to the judge that he would give any ex- planations that might be required of him, but on the con- dition that his protest against the proceedings should be entered upon the examination. This was agreed to, and after an examination, which turned upon matters quite insignificant, he was yet at liberty. The unfortunate man has addressed a remonstrance to the King, which has ben referred to a Council of State. 