Local News. SATURDAY being the opening day of the Adelaide Hunt, the hounds met at Tapleyi's Hill at half-past ten o'clock. The cover immediately behind Tapley's was drawn, but in conse- quence of the state to which it had been reduced by the late bush-fires, the kangaroo had retired to the ranges : the hounds were, on this account, taken up the Onkaparinga to Eyre's Flat, where they found a flyer. The game here was so plen- tiful that the hounds were constantly changing their kangaroo, and after a run of half an hour it was considered advisable to whip off. The gentlemen of the hunt, on returning to town, dined at the Shakspeare Hotel. The pack is in excellent condition. There are some young hounds of great promise in it ; and the pace, on good scenting days, is likely to be terri- fic, those gentlemen, therefore, who wish to keep good places in the runs had better supply themselves with good horses. As the hunt is now established on a firm and lasting footing, it is to be hoped that larger fields will meet at the fixtures, and that this noble sport will be encouraged by the colonists by their presence at the cover side, as well as sup ported by their liberal subscriptions. That the spirit of hunting animates the colonists is now now beyond a doubt, and proved by the fact that, during all the distress which has visited us, the hunt has been supported by them. There was a greater sprinkling of pink out on Saturday, and a more strict attention paid to the appointment of men and horses than was customary last year: both circumstances lead us to believe that the hunting community intend to go through the season with spirit, and we can congratulate Mr C. Campbell, who is now master of the hounds, on the auspicious com- mencement of the third season of the Adelaide Hunt. The hounds meet on Wednesday, at 6 o'clock, a.m., at the bridge over the Dry Creek, when the country and the vicinity will be drawn for a fox. Hops.—As it has been so triumphantly proved that this important article can be grown to perfection in this colony, we have pleasure in stating that M r Crawford, brewer, Hindmarsh, has a small quantity of hop seed, recently imported direct from Kent, which he is distributing to bona fide growers. We ooght to mention, at the same time, that the hop should only be grown in extremely rich soil» carefully cultivated, and well manured. Ova attention has been directed by a perfectly disinte terested party to a disgusting article in last Register, where the feelings of a private family are lacerated by a gross and bare-faced imputation of "felony upon an absent person, respecting whom there wa» a careful silence when present, and a respectable gentleman is insulted without the shadow of a reason. The latter gentleman is Mr Hance, Official Assignee. We are as sured by a legal gentleman well qualified to judge, that Mr Hance is quite competent to perform the duties of bia office ; and the only reason why he has been unsuccessful in collecting the debts to estates is, that in many instances/ he has not sufficient funds to warrant him in prosecuting, and his salary is not such as to afford the costs or extra costs of expensive suits. There is by the new act a per centage allowed to cover his expenses, and as Mr Wigley has pro bably more time than his Honor had, to attend to tho matters under his charge, and to give him advice, we may expect an improvement ; but, the statement that the past deficiency arose from the incompetency of the officer in question, evidently springs from malice and ignorance Mr Hance may well console himself with the reflection that he has been assailed by a habitual backbiter, whose tongue is no scandal, and from whom even praise is suspicious and undesirable. 