-0 PORT PHILLIP Vice -REGAL VISIT.-We are happy:to have it. In our power to announce to our readers that Port Phillip is again to be honored, with a visit from his, Excellency the Governor, either by the neat trip.of. the Shamrock, or, very probably, before that time if the services of H. M. S. North Star can be made available. We are not aware of the more immediate object of his. Excellency's visit, unless it be that the projected conferene of the Governors is. to take place here after all, but there is no doubt whatever about the fact that his Excellency is'coming back to. satisfy us how faithfully he performed his promi. ses of 1841. Of course, with the prospect before him of getting his hands a little :strengthened in the Legislative Council through the ,medium of Port Phillip, we will find his Excellency .once more in the promising vein, we would suggest,: therefore, that imitating the example of the opposition in the Legislature we should get up our grievance reports, and to bring the Governor to .book when: we have him on the spot, and the damning "proofs at hand to refer to. -P. P.:Paeriot ? ;,. D LAN, MC.--Private letters received from Sydney by the last mail state that Dr. Langbhas been forced to defer his projected visit to this dis trict until the next trip of the steamer ;' he will not consequently arrive so 'soon 'as was espected. By the way, the advent of the next Shamrock will be looked for with some degree of interesti seeing that His Excellercy the Governor, the new. resident Judge, and our honorable' and reverend' repre. sentative will probably be in the list of passengers. .Jbid. MIATRNAL AEsciTON.-When the intelligeuce of the death of the aboriginal boy Booby, who was so brutally murdered by another aboriginal named Killeoblen, ' otherwise John I Bull, reached the mother of the murdered lad, who was residing upon. the station of Mr. Foster,' at the "Pyrenees, tlie unfortunate woman shrieked, fell back, and imme diately expired. - : MIMOSA BARK.--We are happy to find by the latest reports that bark had probably gone down to a' minimum price." About a hundred tons by the Regius, sold by auction at £8 5s, the loss in weight not :being as great as usual, left a simple remit tance. Few if any licenses to strip having been taken out this season, there will be only what is in stack to ship; of this, a large quantity was de- stroyed at Point Henty by a (bush fire a few days since, and that stacked at Port Fairy is now being brought up in small craft for, colonial use, for which there is increasing demand, no ship master being willing to go to Port Fairy to load for. Eng land, from the difficulty, if not impossibility of effecting insurance. THa Baronx.-It is not expected'now that any step will be taken towards the erection of the proposed bridge over the Yarra' Yarra, until the arrival of his Excellency the Governor,' in the provinee. JUDGE WILLIS - By a private letter, received per the last English mail, ,we understand that the investigation of Judge Willis' case has terminated most satisfactorily. The Judicial Committee, ap- pointed by the House of Lords to enquire into the matter, have been satisfied that the charges are groundless. The communication, in addition to the intelligence that Mr. Willis is about to commence an action against Sir George Gipps, states that his his Honor is to receive his full salary up to the time of the decease of Sir James Dowling, and since that period, a retiring pension as Chief Justice, to which he was entitled as the senior Judge in the Colony. P. P. Standard. It was currently reported in town on Saturday, that news had been received by the overland mail of the previous day, confidently. asserting' that Mr. Willis' case of appeal against the decision of Sir George Gipps had been decided by the Judicial Committee of the House of Lords in his favour; - that his ex-Honor was, to receive full salary up to the decease of Sir James Dowling, and since that time a retiring pension of £1,500 a.year as Chief Justice, being entitled to that office as next in seniority after Sir James: and lastly, that Mr. Willis had commenced a civil action for damages against Sir George Gipps for suspending him. Pre- posterous and ridiculous as these statements are, and' bearing on them the stamp of falsehood, for it is impossible the news of Sir James Dowling's death could have reached home at the time this noted "decision" is said to have been arrived at, there were many persons foolish enough, to suffer them- selves to be gulled by the report, which it was stated, had been received in a letter from Mr Highett, late manager of the Union Bank, to his brother in Melbourne. And what do our readers suppose has given rise to all this fabrication In a conversation we had with Mr Highett on Saturday, he said, that his' brother, when writing to a friend in Melbourne stated Mr.Willis had given it out that his appeal case was going on favourably! On this slender foundation have his Honor's friends raised the splendid superstructure which it is now our duty to crumble in the dust. Our readers may rely upon it, when there is any authentic news of his ex-Honor, either good, bad, or indifferent, they will hear of it without loss of time through the columns of the Herald - P P. Herald. PACK, of HOUNDS. -- The returning prosperity of the colony, and the improvemoent in trade, may be witnessed in the introduction. or employment of articles of luxury, which, for seven years past have been: as things forgotten, In. nolthing is this more preceptible .than 'in. the material change :which 'i gradually spreading over and interweaving itself with the domestic comforts of the settlers' life. The harmonilsing change it still silently but surely going on,and in:many districts has reached an acme beyond whioh it is not neceseary to go. By the last Port. land papers we percelee that a subscription pack of hounds, have been procesed, aud that those woods ind valleys whoih for centuries hase echoed to no Bther sound than the discordant notesof the feathered tribe, will soon reverberate with the " view.hoilo." -Port Phillp Standard. :. Tia iVixAa..--On Monday last, January 18th at noon, thegiass In the Ihldde swal at 10, and in the 'sun rose to 132, and ' sal?dto:: have 'beei the hottest day ex.perienced n?u thl'piosonce durln'the' past five years.-Ibrd. ' Op russ.t.-Th. s disease is ver;y prevalentati the pretent timer A blight' lothte eye has blinde? 'a good many of cur colonits who are suffering' severely therefrom, . ' HARVEST.-Reaping has already coamenced in several parts of the distrct, and the quantity of grain is m'tch greater than has hihesto been raised, or is ,enerally believed to bs grown. Messrs.?Faro and Millard have finished their barley harvest, and the crop is decidedly supIriot to any we hbase ever seen either in this country or. elsewhere. Their wheat is also excellent, and will also soon be ready for the sickle. It is encouraging to perceive, that our fellow colonists in the ; Portland District are fully alive to the benefita of the system of. pro. dicing much and consuming little, and. there is. little doubt that very few of,,the ubstantials of life need be imported during this yoear. Port Phillip 9Tn; RairsDExr JuDOs.-There-, seems now to have been no mistake about the removal of the .pre sent Judge of Port Phillip, and we are rather sorry that?e ii to leave. It is true that he is a stranger to the bulk of the inhabitants, but so farras we know. he has impartially discharged the, duties bf his sta tion. 'eV sa this without. any knowledge of him as a mao, but as a judg weo respect, although.we do noti admire: him.. Brilliant, talents he odoes not possess, but he has. a fair share: of professional knowledge, and an anatety to do right,'alhbough he ai saometimes ;done wrong. Weregret his de. parture more than that of an abler man, because he was no partizan; and forwarded no party out of Iove or ha?red, but did his duty to the best of hia ability. 'In those private circles in which he moved, he will be long remembered,,and leaves muany.ainf cere flooeds behind. who will. regret his'departure. We conclude by wishing him success and prosperity, wherever he moy go.-lbir. . 