WINDSOR. ROBBERY.—On Monday, the 24th ultimo, a daring theft was perpetrated on the premises of Mr. Thomas Parnell, of Richmond, of two bee hives, &c.;, which were extracted by the robbers from his garden. Mr. Parnell has offered a reward of £5 on conviction of the par- ties concerned in it, who, as yet, have not been detected. SPECIAL LICENSES.—At the Police Office on Tuesday, the 25th ultimo, before William Cox, Esq., L. D. Whitaker, Esq., and J. L. Scar- ville, Esq., J.P.'s, special victuallers' licenses were granted to Messrs. J. C. Gooch, Charles Daley, and Samuel Armour. Mr. Gooch will occupy those commodious premises at the cor- ner of George and Fitzgerald streets, formerly used as an inn, but latterly in the occupation of Mr. George Seymour, butcher. Mr. Daley intends taking Mr. John Suffolk's premises, George-street, lately occupied by Messrs. Boulderson and M'Donell. And Mr. Armour will occupy the house he at present resides in, lately used as an inn by Mr. Thomas Free- man. HOWE'S BRIDGE.—We are happy at being able to state that the contractor is at last ex- erting himself very vigorously to complete the requisite repairs and alterations to this bridge. Owing, however, to the mutations that are going on, the bridge is, at present, and will, of course, be for a time, rendered very unsafe for carriages passing over it, especially at night. On Monday night last the greatest excitement prevailed at the time when the mail coach (Hudson's) was crossing the bridge ; the lead- ing horses ran direct up against some piles or logs that were lying across it, which caused the whole of them to start and take fright, and all the skill of the driver could not persuade them to proceed : at last he determined to un- harness the leaders and drive the mail to its destination with the wheelers alone, which he succeeded in doing effectually. Between fifty and a hundred persons came out with the praiseworthy intention of rendering their as- sistance to the unfortunate passengers, bring- ing with them lights and lanterns—for it was expected every moment, owing to the stub- bornness of the leading horses, which would not move a step forward, but kept plunging and kicking for some considerable time, that the horses, coach, passengers, &c;, would be precipitated over the bridge ; the consequence of which would have been truly awful. The horses bruised themselves very severely ; so much so, indeed, that they will be unable to do duty again for some time. ST. ANDREW'S DAY.-This day falling this year on a Sunday, it was celebrated in Wind- sor on the following Monday. The Scotia in Windsor had determinately made up their minds to commemorate the anni- versary of their patron saint with a holiday and, as might have been expected, but routs and parties were the order of the day. The patriots passed the day with ex- treme pleasure; and at night harmony and mirth prevailed at each convivial meeting of them, so far as we have heard, ending with THE WEATHER.—The harvest except in some very late places, having now been got in, and the time having arrived for planting some time past, the want of rain is very grievously felt by the farmers of the Hawkesbury. The weather of late here has been warmer and drier than has been known for some previous seasons at this particular time of the year—the effect of which circumstance are that grass is scarcely anywhere over the district to be seen, and the cattle are in consequence almost starved; be- sides many bushfires at different places around us have of late taken place, which have burnt up everything green that came within the reach of the devouring element, leaving nothing but black charcoal, as food for the beast that graze thereat. Unless we are blessed very shortly with refreshing showers, so as to cause vegetat- ion to be renewed, we are sorry to say, it is the opinion of several intelligent graziers and farmers, that nothing will ensue but the death of their flocks and cattle. On Tuesday last the heat was excessive, thermometer being at 120 in the shade. CADELL'S BREWERY.-In addition to the many improvements and alterations which have recently been made to this establishment the proprietor, there is now in course of tion an immense three-storied building in- tended to be used as a large store and make house, &c.; This brewery is the most extensive concern in the district. As for the production of this establishment, it is unnecessary to com- ment upon, the excellence of Cadell's ale too well known and appreciated by all who have had the pleasure of tasting it. THE RACE-COURSE—The stewards of the Hawkesbury Race Club on Wednesday has accepted the tender at £12 of Richard We for the erection of a grand stand, &c;, on the Race-course, which had been blown down during one of the violent squalls with which our district has of late been visited. ACCIDENT.—On Sunday last, a shoemaker residing in the Cornwallis, whose name we have been unable to learn, met with an inci- dent while in a state of intoxication. He was riding homeward along the Cornwallis Road and being incapable of sustaining that per- fect equilibrium so requisite in all equestrian he fell from his saddle three successive times in the course of his progress, damaging his body in each instance very seriously, and particularly his cranium, which he fractured so severely that surgical aid had to be procured. 