THE OFFERTORY. OUR readers are aware that the introduc- tion of novel and the revival of antiquated practices in the English establishment have recently excited some indignation, and much opposition, in the mother country. Political writers who shun polemics have been drawn into the controversy ; and the Times teems with communications on this all-engrossing subject. The clergy are not unanimous, but among the laity there is less difference of opinion. The puseyites and their partizans assert that the customs contended for are prescribed in the rubrick. Their antagonists do not deny this in every instance, but they insist that it is injudi- cious to resuscitate obsolete rules, which have long rested in peace. Others profess to have no objection to ceremonies which have fallen in disuetude, and only complain of the partiality which has been displayed by the Oxford school. Some parishioners have formally demanded that all the ancient observances and peculiar dresses , should indiscriminately be again brought into fashion. In this case, the costume of the clergy would certainly collect an audience in every street through which they passed; and habited as modern moun- tebanks, the celebration of public service would become an amusing, if not instruc- tive, pantomime. The passage most frequently quoted in support of the offertory, is that in 1 Cor. xvi. 2:-" Upon the first day of the week let every one of you lay by him in store as God hath prospered him,-that there be no gatherings when I come ;" the latter clause of the verse being usually omitted. The liberality which Paul com- mended was spontaneous. It was designed for the relief of his poor persecuted coun- trymen. He did not intend to perpetuate a practice necessarily temporary-he merely indicated the best manner a special collec- tion might be made in existing circumstan- ces. In order to understand the motives which influenced the apostle to give these directions, we must contemplate his conduct towards the church he addressed on another occasion. Corinth was a rich and effemi- nate city, and that none might say he made " a gain" of those to whom he preached, his own hands ministered to his necessities -he followed his occupation of tent maker, in the midst of that refined people. But if we overlook the obvious sense of the passage, and allow unusual latitude in its interpretation, still it cannot be pleaded in support of the offertory. The inspired pen- man does not instruct the Corinthians to place their weekly offerings in the hands of churchwardens; he does not tell them that these functionaries and the hierarchy are to dispose of the proceeds at their discre- tion : he informs the people that he would receive their donation himself, and convey it to its destination, and that their con- tributions were to cease when he came amongst them. But although plans may be modified to suit circumstances, the principle of charity is universally the same. If an important christian object is to be accomplished-if the poor are to be clothed and fed-if the bible is to be circulated-if tracts are to be distributed-if the ministry is to be sustained- if additional accommodation for a public worship is required,-then churches may be appealed to for pecuniary aid. It is of no consequence whether the sum col- lected be called an offertory or a subscrip- tion. Names are not of much consequence. \- It is perhaps injudicious to disturb the devotions of a congregation, by passing a salver into each pew for the spare silver of its occupants; and it will always be objec- tionable to many pious minds, that the offertory, unauthorised by scripture, is foisted into the stated service of which some are so anxious to make it appear an essential part. If necessity exist, we see no reason why collections should not be made every sabbath; but the porch, and not the pew, is considered by many the most suitable place. PORT FAIRY.-We regret to learn that this place is retrogressing. The chief cause seems to be the delay in granting leases. Mr. Atkinson, who obtained a special survey, has sadly over looked his own interest, and brough ruin on those who relied on his promises. We give below an extract from a letter recently written by a mechanlc:-"Since I last wrote you, our town has been declining fast; I think if it continues throughout the year at the same rate, there will not be many left. We have got no leases yet, but were shown a copy some time ago. Nobody will accept of the terms, which are very different from what were expected. Trade is at a stand-still: there has not been a dwelling-house of any sort erected on the township since I wrote last; many have been sold ; some have fetched a pound, and some twenty- five shillings; I know one that brought five pounds, which I think is the highest. Some of the owners have left their erections, not being able to get anything for them. The farmers on the survey are also leaving; some of them have gone and left their crops standing. Mr. Laurie, our minister, is also leaving, which I am sorry for; he came here on fair promises, and now they will not do anything for him. He got a call to go to Cambelfield, near Melbourne where there is a government stipend, and he intended going there, but the people of Portland have made some arrangement, and he is to remote there." THE SYSTEM.-We are informed by a corres- pondent that several gentlemen at Hobart Town are now engaged in preparing a petition to the Queen, Lords, and Commons, against the present system of transportation, and the injustice of im posing on the colony the expense of convict dis- cipline. We hope the colonists, as with then voice of one man, will demand that redress, which will not be denied if their case be properly represented. OBJECTIONABLE PRACTICE.--Durlng a recent case, District Constable Davis directed the atten- tion of the magistrate to the circumstance, that persons confined in the watch-house were some times allowed to change their clothes before ap- pearing at the police office. A ticket.of-leave man, charged with larceny, was placed at the bar and scarcety recognised by Mr. Davis, having been permitted to take off the apparel with which he was clothed at the time of apprehension, and put on another suit sent to the watch house by some acquaintance, who might very possibly be an accomplice. FURIOUS RIDING.-Another accident occurred last week in Brisbane-street, occasioned by furious riding. Mrs. Jones, a respectable female residing near Evandale, in attempting to escape from being ridden over by some unknown equestrian, fell with such violence that her wrist was fractured, and other injuries sustained. STOLEN PROPERTY.-A man in the service of Mr. Gunn represented to the overseer that he had discovered a quantity of property, consisting principally of apparel, in Lawrence's paddock, which he was directed to deliver up to the police. The man came to town but, instead of obeying his in- structions, converted the property to his own use. He was apprehended, and a portion of the articles found upon his person. No owner has been dis- covered, but the magistrate determined to treat the case as a larceny, the law ruling that such appropriation comes under that class of offences, even supposing the story of finding the property to be correct. DISCOVERY OF A SKELETON.-A report has been brought to town of the discovery of some human remains near Ben Lomond. We are only in possession of the fact that the skeleton was found lying upon the surface of the ground, and by its side two rusty muskets, the locks being covered with handkerchiefs. It was supposed that the remains are those of some unfortunate absconder who had perished from starvation. ROBBERY.-The house of Thomas Kibble, in Balfour-street, was entered on Saturday night and sundry articles stolen. SLY GROG SELLING.—The keeper of a noto- rious house in Patterson-street was last week fined in the sum of twenty pounds and costs for sly grog selling. There are other establishments in town of a similar character to which the police should devote more attention. COURT OF REQUESTS.-The court of requests will sit at ten o'clock on Friday ; the business is light, being only twelve cases on the thirty pound list, and fifty on the other. THE BALLOON.-For the fourth time a large concourse collected on Monday to witness Mr. Rea's promised ascension. The spot selected for this occasion was the Church-square; but, as pre- viously, the attempt proved a total failure. Con- sidering that the aeronaut (by anticipation) in -curred considerable expense, and did not exhibit for profit, the crowd generously exempted him from the imputation of designedly duping them. A few persons, who are satisfied that he is decidedly laboring under a firm determination to accomplish the feat, have volunteered to superintend the arrangements. If Mr. Rea cannot go up in the balloon, the balloon is to go without him; and if this resolution cannot be carried out, by consent of all parties the machine is to be burnt on the spot. QUARTER SESSIONS.-The adjourned court of quarter sessions sits on Friday, after the termination of the court of requests' business. There are thirteen prisoners for trial. Jurors will bear in mind that they must be attendance, or, after the notice given by the chairman at the last sessions, they may expect to be fined. PRIEST AND SMITH.-Information has been received that two men, recognised as Priest and his companion Smith, visited Mr. Bryant's resi- dence at Kingston, in the Avoca district, and after securing 8 or 9 men, proceeded in the usual way to possess themselves of stores, and other articles of useful or convertible description. The property stolen by these men is frequently of a nature that could only be available to them by sale or exchange; and there is little doubt that they find encouragement from receivers. EXTENSIVE LOSS OF SHEEP.-A bush fire oc- curred a short time since on the station of Mr. C. Wedge, at Port Phillip, which spread with such rapidity that nine hundred sheep were burnt to death; and it was expected three hundred others would die from the effects of injuries received. CONVEYANCE OF MILITARY.-Tenders are in- vited for water conveyance from Launceston to Port Arthur for three officers and 200 men of the 96th regiment, and by the same vessel from Port Arthur to Hobart Town an equal number of the 51st regiment. Tenders will be received until Wednesday, the 2nd April. LONGFORD TEETOTAL FESTIVAL.- The tee totallers of Longford made a public demonstration on Monday. Having formed a procession, headed by the banner of the society and preceded by a band, they paraded the township, and adjourned to a booth erected for the occasion, when tea was provided, at which about three hundred sat down. When the repast had concluded, Mr. Lassetter, as president of the branch, occupied the chair, and the meeting was addressed by several advocates of the cause. The Rev. R. R. Davies in the course of his address exhibited a drawing of the old church some fifteen years ago, and contrasted its then isolated locality with the present improved state of the township. He remarked that he had ascertained, out of the first fifty who were buried in the old church-yard, full one-half had met with premature deaths from the consequences of intoxication. He added, that although the population had increased twenty-fold, the con- sumption of intoxicating drinks had decreased, and the consequent advantages he attributed to the efforts of the society. He also spoke in high terms of Father Mathew, with whom he had the pleasure of personal communication, and described his efforts as having wrought almost incredible reformation in the habits and characters of the Irish. The Rev. Mr. Price and the Rev. Mr. Egglestone also delivered addresses, and the meeting broke up highly gratified by the day's pro- ceedings. SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-We regret to hear that Dr. Richardson, of Quamby, met with an accident on Saturday which was attended with consequences of a serious nature. It appears that gentleman was on horse-back, cantering quietly and uncon- cernedly along the road, when the horse fell suddenly, and rolled upon the rider before he could disengage himself from the stirrups. Severe injuries were sustained, three ribs having been broken, the small bone of his leg fractured, and his head severely contused. Mr. Lyons was in company with Dr. Richardson, and after conveying him home, immediately started to obtain me- dical assistance. Misfortunes never come alone. The horse upon which Mr. Lyons was hastening. to the assistance of his friend also fell, and he sustained by the accident a dislocation of the ancle. RICHARDSON V. ARMYTAGE.-This important trial, which commenced on Wednesday last, terminated yesterday afternoon. The jury retired soon after 8 o'clock, and at a quarter past nine delivered a verdict for the plaintiff on the third count. Damages £300.—Courier. CATTLE STEALING.-A team of bullocks was stolen from Westbury on Friday, and having been driven to town, were sold on the following day by auction at Mr. Bell's yards. HORSE STEALING.-A valuable mare, belong- ing to Mr. Pyke, of the Nile Rivulet, was re- cently stolen. The owner offers a reward for her recovery ; the descriptions of the mare will be found in an advertisement elsewhere. THE GOVERNOR.—His Excellency arrived in Launceston, at half-past one o'clock on Monday, accompanied by Mr. and the Misses Dunn, and Mr. Wilmot. INSOLVENT COURT—This day.—In re Charles Bradbury: discharged. In re Augustus Wood: petition dismissed, arrangements having been made with the creditors. In re William Allen: Mr. Benjamin and Mr. Joshua Lyons proved debts, and elected Mr. Atkinson permanent assignee. Adjourned to the 16th April. In re J. and A. Anderson: Mr. Stevenson made affidavit of his claim. Adjourned for fur- ther proof and on discharge to the 23rd April. An offer of composition has been made to the creditors. HORTICULTURAL SHOW.-We have been in- formed that the usual show for apples, grapes, &c.;, is to be omitted this year, and several gentlemen, interested regret the determination of the society. The exhibitions have hitherto been highly at- tractive. Residents in town and country have rivalled each other in the display of varieties, and it appears injudicious to damp in the slightest degree the spirit of competition which the society was established to excite,and diffuse. We invite the committee to reconsider the question. It is not yet too late. PILFERING:-Another servant in the employ of Mr. King has been detected pilfering property from his master. The police obtained information where certain articles had been deposited, and traced them to the possession of the thief. Amongst other articles are two valuable gold pencil-cases, which had not been missed until the discovery of the theft induced a search, when a quantity of property was ascertained to have been stolen. OATLANDS RACES.-These races commenced on Tuesday, but the result of the day's racing has not yet reached town. COLONIAL BEER.—Competition in this article of colonial production has latterly reduced the price amongst several retailers fifty per cent. Ale is now vended to out-door customers at sixpence per pot. FIVE FACTS.-A firm faith is the best divinity; a good life is the best philosophy; a clear consci- ence is the best law; honesty is the best policy; and temperance the best physic. FUTURITY.-It has been beautifully said, that the veil which covers the face of FUTURITY is woven by the hands of MERCY : yet, how often do we desire to tear aside that veil, and to gaze upon that countenance, even though we know not whe- ther it shall be in gladness or in grief? What a blessing it is that such efforts are unavailing; for misfortunes themselves are more easily endured than the thick shadows they cast before them ; and happiness is never so complete as when it comes at the moment when we are least expecting it.— A Dreamer. PUMPKIN.-In the greenhouse of the horticul- tural society there is an unusually large pumpkin exhibited, which was grown in the garden. In rearing this specimen attention has been paid to the shape, which is frequently very unsightly. This pumpkin measures five feet ten and a half inches, and weighs one hundred and five pounds. THE OLDEST MINISTER IN THE WORLD.—The Rev. Mr. Harvey, a Baptist clergyman, 100 years of age, is still living at Frankfort, New York, and is engaged every Sabbath in his profession! 