LIVERPOOL. Mr. SADLER'S letter, which appeared in the Herald last week, made our readers acquainted with the nature of the damage done by the bush-fires, which ranged so extensively in the district of Liverpool. A Committee has been making enquiries, and a meeting been held for the purpose of receiving their report, which we give below. It will be seen that an immense amount of damage has been done :-- REPORT Report of the Liverpool Committee for the relief of the sufferers by the recent bush fires in the district. 28th February, 1846-. Your Committee having made it their earli- est duty, by personal inspection, to ascertain the injury done by the late bush fires in this district; take this opportunity of laying before the public a statement of such facts as they have been enabled to collect. The actual extent of injury done in the dis- trict, your Committee do not consider to fall within their province, which confines their en- quiries chiefly to cases deserving public sym- pathy, and which they have set forth in a tabular form; consequently, the extensive in- jury to fences, bridges, &c;, which has occurred, they have not recorded. In reporting auch serious disasters, your Committee respectfully suggest that an en- quiry ought to be originated by the Govern- ment into the causes of such fearful and wide spreading conflagrations, threatening ruin not only to individuals but to whole districts of country. And measures ought to be taken, as far as possible, to guard against the recurrence of such calamities. In seeking relief from the public on the part of the sufferers, your Committee conceive that while present aid must be afforded to many who have been burnt out of their houses and their homes, and lost almost everything they once possessed, yet that in other instances loans should be made to those who, though great sufferers, nevertheless are not left desti- tute, so as to enable them to rebuild their houses, barns, &c;, and to crop their grounds. Your Committee are thankful to re- cord that while some were rescued from the flames by extraordinary exertions, and two females were obliged to flee in the prospect of momentarily giving birth to their helpless offspring, yet no lives have been lost ; and that through the praiseworthy activity of many individuals several houses have been saved, and much property preserved ; but above all, your Committee have to express their fervent gratitude to Him who rules over all, for the wonderful interposition manifested . in staying the devouring element, by a timely change of wind and a night of heavy rain ; otherwise it would have been their painful duty to record a much greater extent of in- jury. Your Committee are happy to state that the contributions already amount to £--, and are assured, from the sympathy already awakened, that in a short time they will be enabled to afford to the sufferers now homeless, the means of again possessing habitations to dwell in ; and further means of applying them- selves to their usual occupations in support of themselves and families. The total loss in the district your Committee conceive cannot be computed under £1600. Dwelling-houses, barns, &c.; 21 Hay............tons 43 Wheat .bushels 900 Barley. ditto 70 Oats. ditto 146 Drays, carts, &c.; 12 And a considerable quantity of fencing and agricultural implements. Most of those parties have had their farming implements, household furniture, and almost all their clothing, destroyed 