Summary of Mews fry the ' Dispatch.' The mail of the Dispatch is remarkably barren of interest : the vessel has been a long time at sea, and the English intelligence she brings is of older date than we have already laid before the public. We have been favoured, however, with, some Cape papers, which bring down intelligence to the 13th June, when the Corn Bill was still undecided. Pope Gregory XVI., Mauro Capel lari, died on the 1st June, but his successor was not yet known. Ibrahim Pasha was making a tour of Great Britain. The South African contest was going on with uncertain, or rather varying, success ; the losses of the Caffirs apparently great ; but our camp surrounded by bush- fires. One shilling offered for a glass of water, and 2s. 6d. for a biscuit This would seem not to be a general satieof things. * By private letters, we learn that on the debate on the Western Australian Govern nment Bill in the House of Lords, Lord Grey expressed himself in favour of the Colo nies being allowed to govern tlwmselws, and displayed an inclination to oppose the bill on that ground only; His opinion on colonial matters is said to be of much weight. Dame Downing may be assured that some of the flounces will be trimmed off her petticoats before very long. Our much esteemed fellow-colonist, Mr. £. W. Lan dor, had arrived, and put himself at once in com munication with our friends at home on the timber business. It is evident also that the arrival of our overland mail per Champion will have important effects as to the Sieam Line, to effect which great exertion* were being made by our friends on the Committee, but opposed by Captain Waghorn, on account of the want of coal only. The Times bad made a discreditable mistake, calling this 'a penal settlement, where a state of depravity existed among the colonists disgraceful to a country calling itself Christ ian.'1 This was immediately laid hold of by our indefatigable friend Mr. Andrews, to publish in the Times the true state of the matter. A new London paper has been proposed, to be celled the ** Swan River News Letter of Intelligence ,' to contain a summary of news for, not from, this colony. We are not aware of the parties who have the management, further than that they are not any of our old friend* ; but we feel much gratified by the interest they exhibit in our affaire, although we are rather doubtful how far they can reckon upon an adequate remuneration. At all events, they have our best wishes, and shall have, whenever they afford us an opportu nity, our most zealous assistance. The Unicorn is advertised in Hardy's List of the 13th May, to sail on the 15th July for ?* Cape and Swan River.' She will be con signed, we understand, to Messrs. Habgood. Wool Sales.— -We are very sorry to say that the sales ex Unicorn were most unfavourable, so far as we have been able to learn ; and the worst feature in the case is the charge made that some of the bales vrerefrauetiulenty haying bad fleeces packed in the middle. i This will ruin our colo nial character; and it were most desirable that the York Society should adopt some means of learning whose bales were so made up, in order that such ' black sheep' may be separated from among us, and disclaimed by the settlers at large. A rather humiliating rebuff has been adminis tered to our vanity -as ' savans' in wool, by the fact that the first prize wool of the York Society sold for Is. 3d. per lb., while the second prize brought Is. 8$d. We have endeavoured else where to show the necessity of increasing care and attention to compete with new and improv ing rivals. We most do our part, and not trust all to our climate. Perth Town Trust.-— The meeting on Mon day last was very ill-attended, and all the orators present, viz., all the individuals present, seemed bent on representing as large a meeting as possi ble, so far as discussions, points, quibbles, and objections, could effect that purpose. In the end, it was resolved that the rate before laid on, but lor a time suspended, should be levied ; anjl that the proposal of Mr. H. L. Cole should be ac cepted, whereby he undertook, provided he were allowed the aid of prison-labour, to macadamise with stone and clay, eight inches thick, a road way 13 feel wideffrom Mount Eliza to the Flats, for the sum of £110 ; £55 to be paid when half was done, and the remaining £55 on the completion of the whole. It was distinctly un derstood that Mr. Cole was not bound to employ any hired labour ; and that the period of the completion would depend on the number of pri soners ; it being obvious that the delay of pay ment would be sufficient check to ensure against loss of time. Vinbyard Society. — The press of other matter this week has prevented our giving any report of yesterday's meeting. We hope to give , it fully in our next. 