POEMS BY CHARLES HARPUR. XI. THE GLEN OF THE WHITEMAN'S GRAVE. I had well-nigh fared through a summer day O'er rugged mountains that round me lay, Far as a wonder-keen eye could see, Range after range, like a shoreless sea Of mighty breakers ! But some held sway Over the rest, as 'twere, — towering away, Alone in their greatness, like rival Kings, High as soar the eagle's wings — High as the fleecy clouds that play In the open face of a sunny day. Such had been my course — and when The day was well-nigh ended, Into a deep and dusky Glen The mountain track descended : A gloomy Glen that far was seen Winding hugely on between Two craggy ramparts, stained in face With many a tempest's wrath — Hugely on, like a time-hewn path For the Genius wild of so wild a place. In this melancholy Glen Far my feet had fared not, when In the pathway I might see, Right against me as I came, Carved in the bark of a grand old Tree, A fatal-fortuned Name. 'Twas the name of a murdered Man, and I Many a time by the bush-fire side, Had heard his story with a sigh. And a boding look o'er the Wilderness wide ; And therefore, turned me from the road With a sympathetic load At heart, and with a rueful face, To find his Grave in that lonely place. That evening ! — never knew I one More solemn-browed. The great round Sun, O'er the lit summits crowding vast Against the west, was sinking fast. A few white clouds alone were seen To stir the vault of Heaven's serene, As tanglad ivy-locks might wave From the ceiling dim of some mighty Cave. A gust, at measured intervals, Fell o'er the nearer mountain walls, And then passed off, or paused to pine Its own dirge in the top of the turpentine ; Or with a sound like the motion of snakes Hustled away through the rounding brakes, And once a dusky Eagle came In solemn travel o'er the same — Steadily straight, as from afar, Came o'er, — but soon the airy jar Of his huge wings, in faint decrease, Faded beyond — and all was peace. And now the sought-for Grave I found. — Against me stretched, its lonely mound Was darkly seen, and by degrees, In the shadows there of the silent trees ;— Darkly — save as the last long blade Of the setting sun for a moment played O'er it, and then backward ran ; As Hope's last flickering gleam might fade From the face of a doomëd Man. Only one tuft of grass did wave Above that sterile desert Grave, Bestrewn with leaves and withering sprays ; And only one blue flower did gaze Timidly up, as near I trod, From between the dry lips of a broken clod. O 'twas a desolate, dreary thing, That Grave, in the else-green lap of Spring! As I looked on it then through a starting tear, And the feeling — "Alas, for the Sleeper here ! I would not — I would not one human child Of the Earth should be laid in a Grave so wild !" Strange was the sympathy I felt Tow'rds the lonely Dead, as now I knelt Down by his grave, and musefully drew His Image on that evil day When there first coming on the view Of Felons bent to slay ! A visionary Youth, methought, On he came, all wonder-wrought With the dreary grandeur there ; Which oft his memory would compare, For contrast, with the rural joy Of scenes in merry England, where He had wandered when a Boy ;— Scenes vocal then with voices gay Of many a loved One — far away ! My Spirit, searching then and keen, Passed o'er the isle-thronged Seas between The Antipodes, and onward o'er The navy-laden waves that roar Against the coast of England, — there To seek a Sire of the same name, And She, that doomëd Youth who bare, A sorrow-pallid Dame. I figured them both old and grey, And bent with mourning many a day — Mourning hopelessly for One Their age had cherished ; and in whom, Even through the sacred of Son, They had dreamt again of their own young bloom :— But they dreamt not, as they blest him then Of this lonely Mound in this gloomy Glen, Thought I, recurring to its gloom ; This Mound whereon, yon clod between, The nameless flower of a nameless scene Thus rears its solitary head ; And where a kindred Creature's tread Comes seldom — comes but to call a cry Of wonder from the Wild-dog's lair, The only dwelling here ; and where Even the Black, having ventured nigh, Dares but to halt 'mid the fatal wild So long as to show to his trembling child The WHITEMAN'S GRAVE ! — then he hurries by. And thinking thus of Him who slept There, and of Them who even then Might mourn that Sleeper of the Glen, A Brother's sorrow o'er me crept ; And seeing I might vainly try To keep my eyelids longer dry, I sat me by the Grave — and wept ! Wept, until settling up the Glen, The night forbad me more delay ; And bettered was my spirit when I sped at length away. O sacred Sympathy ! best mate Of Grief, with them go mourn Who may yet bewail his fate, Far away, and all forlorn ! For thy sweet sad words a lightness Can lend the breaking heart ; And thy lustrous tears a brightness To the hopeless mind impart : Even as wreaths of flowers are soothing Unto a dying Child — As Cynthia's beams come smoothing O'er some benighted Wild. 