COBSUBSFONDSKCS. To the Editor of the Inquirer. Sir,— Among the many signs of improvement m the colony, I am inclined to number the last report of the York Society, as being, as of yore, not a mere announcement to us all of what we all knew before, or ceneral assertions of the perfections of the colony, but containing suggestions and experience on particular agricultural matters. I would beg to offer a few remarks and suggestions, how ever, to the committee, as a brother settler. Were it not desirable to place themselves at once in communication with seme proper person in England, plac ing a small annual Bum at bis disposal to be employed in sending out samples of every new and valuable variety of wheat and other grain, with a note of its peculiarities ? A very small sum would thus confer a great beuefit on our agriculture. Every year announces some new grain at home remarkable for being early or late, or of rapid matu rity, or hardy, or in some way excellent. Are any steps taken by the Society to learn the result of the series of experiments by the Royal Agricultural Society of England on manuriug the seed instead of the land, on the principle that, as the plant is fully formed before it leaves the seed, more good is done by manuring the seed itself than the land ; or the experiments on the causes of the labour of ploughing, some of which were startling, as showing that the real labour was produced, not by the cutting and turning, but merely by the shape of the plough causing friction ? It was in one instance shown that this friction was so nearly the whole labour, that the draught gauge registered the same when the plough was running in the same furrow it had cut before, and doing nothing. This subject, and the possibility of, by removing this adhesion or friction, enabling a light well-bred home to trot over the ground, ploughing still at the rate of several acres per day, was under discussion when we last heard from the Society. On the suliject of stock, which the York farmers as yet suppose the main stay and great source of the future greatness of the colony, (an opinion in which I believe many intelligent persons decidedly differ with them, as the colony promises much better for many more important and extensive sources of wealth,) I would suggest that if they cannot get up such a prize as would iuduce the importa tion of really Bret animals of proved performance aud pro duce, it were idle to import from such a distance any other, that it were better to reward the introduction of fine marcs, stinted to the 6rst horses at home. Five or six mares could be hud for the price of one such horse. Again, is it not a practice in New South Wales to import bull calves ? Is there not a firm there who import such an nually, shipped at an average price to them of £100 each six-month-oid calf? Fences.— I see the Committee complain of the expense of fencing paddocks. Do they mean those silly sinks of time and money called post-and-rail fences? It is full time that this ruinous practice were exploded, and that we adopted the plan of all other hot climates— live fences of aloe, Deccan and other thorns, cacti, &&,&c.; As an in stance, I may state, from experiment, two or three fact B of the aloe, which plant would, I fed assured, flourish better over the hills than even here. A single plant will produce enough in four years to plant round more than a square mile of paddock, which in four years more will have 8 bull-proof fence. If It be required to make this pig-proof, it in only necessary to plant the prickly pear leaves in the intervals (6 feet) of the aloea. Where ground is not of much value, it is well to plant a double or treble row cover ing the spaces. I lately measured an aloe which, six years since, was carried in the hand, and now is 10 feet high, and 48 in circumference ; it completely fences a breadth of at least 12 feejt against any kind of stock ! This plant is the parent of at least 800, and might easily have been multi plied to nearly as many thousand in the time, as every morsel of root will become an aloe if put out in dry light soil. Every leaf of the prickly pear will strike if only laid on the ground. No preparation is necessary for either. I .Biri:BBt!sfied that, at no expense, and very little trouble, sucb an enclosure mi^ht thus be made as would even defy the native dog to get in or out. But further : a tree, or rather a large brunch of a tree, fell on a row- of j ouug aloe* thienraenn along a post ami- mil fence. It withered, anil caught fire accidentally. Tint iiibkb of timber was »o great that it burned for several hours,. the heat being so intense that I could not go near it. The. fence of course perished ; but the aloes, the largest of which Was the centre of the fire, were blackened, the outer leaves charred, but. other wise unhurt, and their growth appears to me rather accelerated by a fire piled on top of them sufficient to have roasted an ox whole 1 1 The aloes should be put in a bole made 'by a blow of the spade, at six feet apart, at any time fn damp weather, in light upland. Every year each will put out several voting ones, which may be transplanted, and every bit of root broken off will make a plant. It is obvious that thus an estate of any extent may be rendered a perfect enclosure, cut up into bb many paddocks as you desire, by little more trouble than that of walking round the lines of fences. True, time Is required to bring the fence into action, but that is only a reason for sooner bepinninp; and it is to be remembered that this fence will take care of itself. The first season the stock step carefully over it, the second between the plants, the third ditto, and the fourth, perhaps, through a gap or two where « plant has not kept full pace with his fellows ; hut the fifth year ft is a fence for ever. Any settler van make a mile or two of fence on a winter's day. Every day's experience evinoes the import ance of cutting up the country into paddocks ; nor is it easy to see a limit to the improvements in not only the agricul ture, bat the pasturage of the colony, from its adoption. I am inclined to think that, in open ground, an established aloe-fence would, by occupying the whole surface for soy 10 feet breadth with its non-inflammable suckers, stop a bush-fire, at least with a very little human aid. Certainly not only the beast, but the master, is reduced ouly to pass by the gate, but this evil is more than compensated. Are not the products of the aloe extensively marketable? Wherever the aloe would not flourish from damp or rich soil, the Mysore or Deccun thorns and other formidable acacias would thrive, or it is likely the aloe might succeed on a little bank or ridge thrown up. Potatoes — Many sorts of value are named as abundant in Adelaide which we have not. We must now beware of European seed, but we can easily procure varieties (emi nently necessary) from Adelaide. Has Mr. Slacker's sys tem ever been tried here ? He took 11 cwt. of ttced potatoes, scooped out the eyes about the size of a thimble, and set them ; he saved 7 cwt. of residue for pi|-s, &c;, and had more than double the usual crop t A ^atige or similar tool would do this as fast as cutting the pot* toe. Have any fresh points been ascertained as to the action of frost on thu potatoe' The only thing I can learn is, that every rule laid down has as many exceptions as instuuees of correct-* ness. The cause teems either to lie in the soil, or the ex posure to certain winds. It certainly docs not exist in either the frott itself, or the suu on the frost, as numerous instances establish. Hay. — Have the settlers ever tried vetches, &c.;,as alter nating with wheat ? Many plants of this character, cut green, put in layers with straw, and salted, form superior hay, and would greatly improve agriculture by introducing rotation tillage. Iu confirmation of the Committee's remarks as to the propriety of Government aid to the funds of national Agri cultural Societies, I would instance those of Calcutta, Jamaica, and Ireland; all which receive large annual grants for premiums. Have any eteps been taken farther about Governor Hutt's offer of £100 each for female camels iu young, or £50 each for camels in pairs ? I em told they generally C0Bt about £10 in India, and would thr ve on our scrub. With many apologies for this hasty communication, which I hope will be excused, as coming from a settler in the ploughing season, I remain, Sir, Your constant reader, AukicolA. 