THE INQUIRER. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1846. We have just space to notice the arrival of the Cumberland, having on board His Excellency Governor Clarke and suite. His Excellency landed under a salute from the battery at Fre- mantle, and came up immediately to Perth, where his commission was read, and himself sworn in before the Executive Council. The fact of the ceremony being private disappointed a good many persons, who had assembled in ex- pectation of the Commission being publicly read, as in the case of his predecessor. The arrival of the Cumberland so shortly be- fore the time of our publication prevents us from giving any summary of the news she brings, but should there be any of importance, we shall notice it in our next. The unusual prevalence of "bush-fires" this season calls for the consideration both of the public and the Legislature. To such an extent have the fires prevailed as to endanger nearly every homestead over the hills, and to destroy a large amount of wheat and other property, and the whole feed of some districts. We understand that many settlers experience the greatest diffi- culty in finding pasture for their stock, and that considerable alarm exists on the subject. Various causes are assigned, probably all really in operation — such as the early cessation of the rains, personal hostility of natives to settlers, carelessness and the pursuit of game by natives, who have become emboldened by a mistaken ex- pectation of impunity, and, in fine, carelessness on the part of settlers themselves. In fact, we understand that the natives over the hills have been of late intolerably saucy, idle, and exorbit- ant in their demands of pay for the most trifling services. We are inclined to think that, the set- tlers have in some degree brought this upon themselves, by giving the fellows a day's food for an hour's work; in other words, by being too liberal of meat and flour. We also hear that they have again began to spear and carry away sheep, and commit other depredations. So far as these are concerned, we hope that it will not be necessary for us to interfere, and that the Government will take immediate active mea- sures; but the question of fires involves more difficulty. The natives used to be in the habit of burning whole districts in order to obtain game, by en- closing them in a ring of fire with but one open- ing, at which the natives stationed themselves in large bodies. This may be a very pretty amuse- ment for savages in a wilderness, but it becomes quite another affair when the country is peopled. True, we have no right to deprive the natives of food; but we have no wish to do so. On the contrary, it is a well-known fact that the condi- tion of the savages in every possible way has been so much improved since our arrival, that they are now quite a superior looking race. We offer them abundance of the best food for a little occasional easy work, of a nature exactly suited to their tastes, and which they profess to enjoy; and, moreover, we have always paid them a re- ward of flour for preventing bush-fires. We need, therefore, have no scruple in protecting our lives and properties by putting a stop to any of their savage sports. We are sorry to learn, however, that in more than one instance the fires have been deliberately lighted to destroy the corn-fields and homesteads. Any attempt of this nature, we think, ought to be made a felony, and met by the very heaviest penalty, except death. We cannot be required to follow the English law in this respect exactly, as the circumstances are so different. The law ought to provide for two cases — the greater and the lesser offence; first, the causing a fire with the purpose (of course a question of evidence or inference for the jury) of injuring property adjacent ; and, second, causing a bush- fire without any malicious design, within certain limits, at certain seasons. On the other hand, it is asserted that it is sometimes necessary to burn the bush to renew the feed, &c.; We are inclined, therefore, to think the act should contain provisions to autho- rise parties to ignite the bush on obtaining a certain number of proprietors' written consents, and giving certain public notice. To say that "it requires care to legislate," that "there are difficulties," &c;, is to propound very safe and astute sentiments; but although we have no ob- jection to the authorities repeating these to them- selves, like "pater noshers," if they like, we have no idea of stopping there; for the evil is one demanding a prompt and effectual remedy. We therefore invite a full discussion of the subject, and particularly urge those who see, or think they see, any particular difficulties in the question, or any points necessary to be attended to in the law to be proposed, to bring them at once before the public; and not to follow the uniform colonial method, which one would sup- pose was secured to us by patent, of holding our tongues till the deed is done, and then grumbling when it is too late. 