WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1846. The question of the temporary occupation of Crown lands, either by lease or license, is one that is now assuming great importance in this colony, and we know of nothing to which the attention of our Local Government might be more beneficially directed than to the terms and conditions of such occupation ; so as to render it a source of profit to the sheep-owner, and to encourage the industry and enterprise of our settler*. The flocks of the colony have now in creased to such an extent that they can no longer be kept conveniently upon the farms of the pro prietors, and we have consequently reached that point at which our neighbours in New South Wales have lung since arrived, when it is neces sary to depasture our flocks upon other than assigned lands; becoming thus, at length, per sonally interested in the settlement of the squat ting question, which has been for years past the principal topic of discussion with the New South Wales settlers. It happens well for us that we have the advantage of coming into play at a good time ; when the first heat of contention has well nigb subsided, and when circumstances excite a reasonable confidence in the adoption of a system greatly superior to that which has been so long in force ; when, in fact, the importance of the services and avocations of the squatter begin to be in some measure appreciated, and some faint notion of the propriety of assisting and encourag ing him in his operations, has dawned upon the minds of our legislators. During the last four or five months, especially, the subject of licensed squatting, as followed in tluB colony, has been brought under our notice, as well by Lord Stanley's proposed amendment of the Land Sales Act, as by the repeated repre sentations of several of our brother settlers that a change was necessary in order to enable them to occupy Crown lands with profit and advantage. The main objection which our licensed occupiers make to the present system, is the same as that which has been so strongly urged by the squat ters in the other colonies — viz., the insecurity of their tenure, and the shortness of the period fur which the license is granted; and we feel assured that if our Local Government would anticipate the change which will undoubtedly be made by Lord Stanley's amended Act, and grant occupa tion licenses at once for a term of seven, years, and also relieve the settler from the danger of competition or interference by doing away with the pernicious principle of auction, it would be hailed as a very great boon by all our numerous settlers who are interested in the process of wool growing, and give more general encouragement than any measure we can think of. The system of granting annual licenses, and of leaving them open to annual auction, is destructive of' every proper principle of licensed occupation It takes away from tbe squatter every inducement to improve his location, arid instead of tending to the fertilization of the country, only renders it more barren and unproductive. It is also unjust to the occupier, who is constantly liable to pay his money without getting the smallest return for it. One instance of this has lately come tinder our own observation. A settler over the hills recently took out a squatting license for a particular run, and he had not been on it one month before the whole of the feed was destroyed by a bush- fire. He was consequently obliged to take his sheep back to where they came from, having paid his £16 for the privilege of feeding his flock for one month. Now if his license to occupy had been for seven years, instead of for one, he would have had time to recover his loss, the success of the subsequent years of his occupa tion making up for his bad fortune at the com mencement ; but, as he himself said to us, he is not even sure of getting it next year, for 6ome other person may outbid him. There are two statutes which affect (he tempo rary occupation of Crown lands in this colony, the first being the Imperial Land Sales Act, and the second our own local Act of Council. The last is merely operative in 80 far as it renders unlicensed occupation penal, for there is no at tempt made in it to regulate licensed occupation in any way. This is done by regulations issued under the authority of such local Act, and which may be of any nature which the Governor thinks fit to impose, not being in direct contravention of the Imperial Act. By this Act, it is more than doubtful (we do not consider it absolutely cer tain) whether the Governor has the power to grant occupation licenses for a longer period than twelve months, and upon this the licenses issued to our settlers have proceeded. It would seem, therefore, that the first thing to be done is to obtain an alteration of the Land bales Act m this respect, and we are glad to be able to inform our readers that Lord Stanley'6 amended Bill has been introduced partly with this very object. It is clear that even Lord Stanley is convinced of the propriety of extending the term of lease, for in the draft bill Bubmifted to the House, the number of years for which it is proposed to authorise the granting of leases is seven ; but as this word is printed in ijalics, it has been infer red that it is not his Lordship's ultimatum, but only to be viewed as the way in which the framer intends to move that the blank shall be filled up ; the possibility being that his Lordship may consent to extend the term to twenty-one years, which 'u the period for which we see that our friends in New South Wales are contending. In this state of affairs, ii is difficult to know precisely what to do. We consider that the set tlers are already quite secure of an extension of the term of lease to at least seven years, for it is beyond a doubt that, to that extent, Lord Stan ley's consent will be gained, and it will be for our settlers to consider whether it is more advisable for them to await the result of the amended bill, or at once to take part in the agitation which has been going on with a view to obtaining from the Secretary of State a still longer term. It is possible, too, that our Local Government, view ing the certainty of the alteration to be made in the Imperial Act, and which may even be made by this time, might be induced, at the request of the settlers, either to anticipate the time by grant ing licenses for 6even years, at once, or to bring in a bill to repeal our present local Squatting Act, in which case the occupation of Crown lands would be freed from the restrictions which our own Legislature so inconsiderately imposed upon it. We shall be glad of the communica tions of any of our readers upon this subject. c nr — 