GRANDMAMMA'S LITERATURE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE "SOUTH AUSTRALIAN GAZETTE.* Mr Editor—Old Grandmamma, encouraged, presume, by the distinction she has obtained fo originality in astronomical and historical facts, has very lately turned her attention to literature and criticism. Her eminence in the former, and the standard adopted by her in the latter, are severally exemplified in the eloquent and coherent morceau which follows—an extract from her last number:— "LOVE.—Love is often but a solitary leaf, but neither storm nor blight can fade it; like the perfume that a dead flower sends forth, 'tis sweet when all the gay and sunshine has departed; when all its bloom is past, it has the fragrancy of memory; 'tis the last lingering beam that plows long after the sun and stars have set—a refuge in the tempestuous and bereaving storms of life" This paragraph, which comprehends within its own little self enough of concentrated nonsense to serve for dilution by all the writers for the Minerva Press for the next twenty years, is evidently tbe production of the old lady herself; for, while all indication of youth is absent, evidence of second childhood abounds. Poor old dear! It is obvious she has had no experience for years past of; the "leaf—perfume—beam—refuge" of which she writes! Why love should be a "solitary leaf," I know not, since the act of loving necessarily implies association with another object; and how, being a leaf, neither storm nor blight can fade it" I am equally at a loss to understand, I have often experienced the "perfume" of "dead flowers,*' especialiy at Covent Garden and other public markets in the land we have left, and the effect of said perfume on my physical organisation exactly resembled that which Grandmamma's lucubrations always produce on my mental constitution. As I never smelt either my own memory or that of any body, else, I do not know the precise meaning of the term "the fragrancy of memory"; and as to "the last lingering beam that glows," &c.;, I am in perfect perplexity. I have often watched throughout the night at a bush-fire, and found that when the sun had set the stars appeared, some setting and others rising, and that this continued all night, until at length, a whole sky-full of stars disappeared in the light of the rising sun ; which, I presume, is "the last lingering beam" of poor old Grandmamma—but how this beam can be "a refuge in the tempestuous," &c.;, I do not yet understand. Pray enlighten me, Mr Editor; and also inform me why Grandmamma's "total eclipse" of this date chose to come off in the night. Truly she has never enjoyed much light, and the dense shadow which has fallen on her within the last few weeks has totally eclipsed the little she had. For the present I am, yours, ANTI-BATHOS. 15th April, 1847. 