&ECUSXiA;,TSVS COVNCXXi. Council Chambers, Perth, June 10, 1847. Mr. Sutherland took the oaths and his seat as a member of Council. Mr. Leake presented a petition from the Roman Catholic body, requesting assistance from Government in building their chapel, as the same assistance for such purposes was accorded to the Church of England. Mr. Leake stated that although the greater part of the community j* belonged to the Established Church, he conBi | dered that all denominations had an equal right I to the aid of Government for the furtherance of [ ' religion. The Bishop of the petitioners desired ' :'. , leave to be heard at the bar in support of the ; petition, and also with regard to other matters ? relative to the Roman Catholic community. . The Advocate-General stated that it was against rule that any persons could be heard on the day leave was requested: they must first . , .* petition to be heard, and then a day would be appointed for that purpose, or the same day might be fixed on. This course, it was decided, would be followed at the next meeting of Council, Mr. Leake then moved that the last Land Act be laid on the table, and then for the following documents :-— For copies of all letters from the Home Government or individuals relating to tbe establishment of a regular com munication with England by way of Singapore or Batavia, and tbe reasons why the sum voted for that purpose during the session of 1846, conditionally on the increase of revenue, has not been so applied. For an account of all goods landed between the 1st Jan., 1846, end the 1st Jan , 1847, on which duty lias not been paid, exclusive of those in bond, with marks and numbers, and names of owners and consignees. For an accountof tbe particular items and amount of ex penditure made on - account of the natives, including expenses of police constables, witnesses, bearings and trials at petty or quarter sessions, allowanceaof pay or provisions, eitber at large or in confinement, forage, schools, and the Rottneet establisbmant,separating the amounts chargeable oo the parliamentary or the colonial fund. The Advocate- General gave notice of his in tention to bring before the Council the following motions : — For a committee to examine and report whether any and what steps can be taken to induce and facilitate the intro duction of Germans. To inquire into and report npon tbe course expedient to be adopted to reuder available the subscription made by certain settlers for the purpose of founding a Bishopric. To inquire into and report upon the best means available to procure a steady supply of labour. To prepare a memorial to the Home Government on the subject of conceding to certain port6 in this colony the pri vileges of Free Ports. For a committee to prepare a statement to be laid before H. M. Secretary of State for the Colonies, and the Penin sular aud Oriental Steam Company, on the subject of ex tending steam communication to this colony. To prepare an address to H. M.'s Government on the subject of opening a ship-canal from the sea into the Swan at Rocky Bay, by means of convict labour, and to express at the same time the opinions of the Council in favour of obtaining gangs of convicts to execute such public works as are disproportionate to the means of the colony, but necessary to the development of its resources; the basis of the measure to be that all such convicts be removed from the colony as their respective terms expire, and that the funds for their maintenance and management be furnished, wholly or in part, from the British Treasury. That tbe thanks of this/Council are hereby given to A. Andrews, Esq., for his valuable and indefatigable exertions to advance the interests of this colony in the United Kingdom. Mr. Andrews begged to call the attention of the Council to the extreme necessity that existed of having a certain mode of communication with England ; it was of the highest importance to the colony, in many points of view, that this should be done, and that speedily. To take but few exam ples out of the many that could be brought forward in support of his views, he would ad duce the following: — A merchant wishes lo insure his vessel or cargo; as the case now stands, perhaps the very vessel that takes home the letter is the vessel on which the insurance was to be effected, which might be five months on her passage ; if wo had the means of sending to Singapore, letters would be received in Eng land before its arrival, and in case of accident, the insurance recoverable. Again ; a farmer or merchant ships wool to a large amount, and wishes for certain goods to be 6ent in return as speedily as possible. Had we a regular com munication with a port where letters could be transmitted, an insurance could be effected, the bill of lading sent, and the agent at home, being secure, would, had the vessel not arrived with tbe woo), advance the sum required, and send by tbe first vessel, which might start long before the wool -ship came into port. His Excellency the Governor was aware of the great importance of the subject mentioned. The Local Government bad already ceannii reflated with the Secretary of State on the pom.,; and waited his approval to the plan they had sug gested. The Colonial Secretary said the sum voted last year had not been applied, as they waited the approval of the Home Government. Mr. Leake stated that he had not intended to have entered into discussion on tbe subject at present, but as that had taken place, he would take the opportunity of stating his views. By establishing a fixed communication with England periodically, the interest which our friends and correspondents there entertained for us would be maintained. They saw an advertisement in the papers, month after month, of a vessel,. laid on for this colony, until the uncertainty of its departure wearied out their patience, and too frequently the letter intended to be written was forgotten. In bis own case he would venture to assert, that now where he received one letter, five or six would be sent if a fixed time and mode were once known. ? and if this was the case with regard to himself, it was the same with regard to hundreds of persons in the colony. The small sum requisite to be inserted in the expenditure of the year far this purpose, would !-e merely nominal ; a large por tion of it would be refunded to the revenue by the increase of postage, and more than the remainder by the increase of the ad valorem duty collected from the increased facility and quantity of goods imported from the north, the want and high price of which were now severely felt. The privation of all communication with the mother country for so many months, and of all knowledge of the pro gress of public or private affairs, was what, in his opinion, rendered a residence in this colony a perfect exile. The explanation of his Excellency and the Col. Secretary, of what had been done in regard to the vote of last session, was most unsatisfactory. They had asked leave to do that which could not be refused, and which they ought to have done at once. It was a childish timidity to suppose that we cannot adopt a measure of so beneficial a character to the community at large without per mission from the Colonial office. Twelve or 18 months had thus been thrown away. Ho should not restsatisfied until he saw in the Gazette, and that immediately, a notice to theeffict that a vessel was engaged for the purpose. The Council then adjourned until Thursday, the 24th instant. In order to give our country readers an op portunity of expressing their opinions on the several bills laid before the Council at their first meeting, we have again inserted them, with the remarks of the Hon. the Advocate-General,, showing their purport and necessity, as we pro mised to do last week, having been then pre vented by want of space. The learned gentle man's comments are very lucid, and perfectly explanatory of the subjects for discussion : — 1\. — A bill to renew certain acts appointing places for the landing of goods within the limits of towns, not being seaport towns. Thfs was to renew two useful acts which hud expired ; it contained no new provision; but it was necessary to pass it as soon as possible ; therefore the Advocate General moved the suspension of the standing orders, aud it was read three times and pussed unanimously. 2\. — A bill to continue for a limited period an act entitled ' an act to facilitate actions against persons absent from the colony, and against joint contractors.' 3\. — A bill to make perpetual an act entitled ' an act to amend and continue for a limited period an act entitled an act to regulate the licensing of auctioneers and the collection of duties on property sold by auction.' These acts had been found to work well, aud the bills were merely to continue tbeni. 4\. — A bill to provide for the withdrawal of letters from the Post-office in certain cases. Called for by the occurrence of some cases of great hardship. Tiie principle of the bill was to give power to the Governor aud Resident Magistrates to give back let ters to the writers in certain cases. 5\. — A bill to amend the laws relating to pub licans' licenses. From the difficulty of getting ' a full bench,' it was desirable to reduce the licensing quorum to two justices of the peace. The bill also proposed to prevent public bouses being open at all on Sunday. 6.—A bill to authorise the sale of wines in smaller quantities than those hitherto ap pointed by law. This bill was called for by tbe policy of encouraging the consumption of colonial wine among those who could not afford to buy 15 gallons at once. The quantity which might be sold without license would be reduced to Jive gallons, it being necessary not to make it too low, lest every vineyard should be made a rendezvous for th« labourers or the neighbourhood, and to do 60 would be in jurious to the publican. It was impossible to make a dis tinction between colonial aBd imported wines unless with an excise machinery, and therefore it was deemed better to reduce the miuimum quantity generally. 7\. — A bill to provide for the establishment pf proper places for the burial of the dead. An act called for by the indignation of the public against certain burials which had taken place in the middle of the town. 8\. — A bill to adopt certain improvements jg|; made in the law of England respectitjg^P' libel. ''?? ??'?' The improvements alluded to were mentioned, and seemed chiefly in favour of defendants, who, thouuu liable, were not morally to blame, and against persons who from malice published what they knew to be false. 9\. — A bill for the licensing of carts and car riers. This act was not the result of any alleged abuse or inconve nience, but was requested by the Town Trust as a means of town-revenue, and seemed equally to meet the wishes of the regular cart-owners. 10\. — A bill to amend an act entitled ' an act to provide for the improvement of towns itt the colony of Western Australia.' The first part of the bill transferred the appointment of the Collector to the Chairman and Committee; as it wao fouud inconvenient that that officer should be elected by the rate-imyers, whose votes be bad an interest to con ciliate by neglecting his duty. The rest of the bill was directed against the abuse of partiet turn- resident holding allotments and refusing to tontribute to Improvements which rendered their property valuable. It also facilitates the recovery of rates, Bud affords less expensive remedies by the Court of Requests. 11\. — A bill to diminish the dangers resulting from bush-fires in the dry season. This act had cost leng and anxious thought, end the greatest pains bad been taken to obtain tbe benefit of the settler's experience. Its principles were briefly these : — to prevent any person but the occupier of the land from causing any fires In summer — to prevent even the occu pier from doing so before harvest, except confined to a few yards, as clearing, &c.;) — and to prevent hint even after harvest from burning any land beyond that occupied by him. This was effected by rendering liim liable to the general penalty as a stranger in each case when the fire by any means pot beyond the limits prescribed. The last clause allowed corporeal punishment to boys and natives in lieu of fine. 12\. — A bill for improving the law of evidence. This adopted two changes in the law of England of en lightened and beneficial policy — 1st, admitting the evidence of parties interested (with some execptioun) and felons for «o much as the jury might consider it worth ; and, 2nd, ad- mitring certain public documents in evidence without the expense of proving seals of signatures, unless there was reason to suspect fraud. 13\. — A bill to provide further remedies for the annoyance arising from dogs. This act was levelled against the increase of dogs among natives and in towns. Its principles were briefly these: — to exempt no dogs from license (on account of tbe eva sions) — to put double tax on the useless curs in towns — to charge an extra tax in each case on females— to punish persons giving dogs to natives — to authorise the destruc tion of unlicensed docs and of dogs complained of as a nuisance to the neighbourhood by howling, &c;, at night. 14.— A bill to provide further remedies against trespasses by live stock, and to promote the construction of fences. This bill had cost more labour and anxiety than any other proposed. All its clauses resulted from practical evils complained of ; and much correspondence had taken place between the Government and the Resident Magis trates and other settlers upon its several provisions. Its clauses were therefore more carefully noticed, and their policy explained an follows :— Clause 1 fixed a certain penalty, from Id. to 34. per head, on all stock trespassing on private lands, whether damage be proved or not. This penalty was in addition to any damages. Clause 2 allows the castration of horses, bulls, and rains trespassing and not claimed after advertisement. Clause 3 : no party to be allowed for keep beyond a week who does not advertise stray stock as soon as possible. Clause 4 prohibits the Rule of unclaimed stock for trespass until advertised. Clause A orders all stock to be branded, and the brand to be regis tered with the Resident Magistrate; but enforces this only by clause 6, which affixes double damages and penalties wherever trespass is committed by stock not baviug a re gistered brand. It was impossible to apply to this colony the system of the Eastern Colonies, where stuck being taxed per head, the Commissioners could enforce the act. Many objections also existed to requiring all stock to be branded as yet — e. g., thorongh-bred horses in stable in town, &c.; It was therefore better to try the working at first of the gentle compulsion of double damages, &c;, where such stock trespassed. Clause 7 deprived parties who did not fence their crops of all damages, leaving only the penalty in clause I us for waste land. This clause was not to corne into operation for six months. Clause 8 en abled a party to compel the other owner of a mutual boundary fence to keep it clear. It was intended to reme dy the evil that thick vegetation growing close to a fence increased the danger of fire. Clause 9 was intended to meet the cose where one man erected a long boundary fence, and his ueighbour, after waiting till he had expended his money on it, and refusing to contribute, took advantage of it by a cross-fence to make an enclosure for himself. In towns, A could compel B to pay half the cost of making und repairing a mutual fence : in the country, there was a premium ou men abstaining from fencing till their neigh bours were obliged to do it for them. This clause rendered the party who lay by liable to pay half as soon as he used it, but not sooner. Clause 10 compelled each party to contribute to repair of any mutual fence (as now in towns.) Clause II limits all such costs to that of a 3-rail split fence. Clause 12 defines the words ' owner' and ' sufficient fence.' Clause 13 renders the landowner or occupier in whose chaige stock arc placed liable, as if he were owner, for their trespass. Clause 14 prevents harassing by several informations for offences all committed before the com plaint ; all such are treated as one offence so far as regards this act. 15\. — A bill to prevent the sale of tobacco in small quantities without license. Intended to check the smuggling of small quantities by sailors of Yankee whalers, &c;, receiving tobacco as wages, The license was merely nominal, being £2. j^^ 16. — A bill to enforce the performance of con fl| tracts connected with the fisheries. ^*~ Intended to apply to contracts for bay whaling and other fisheries the colonial law on breach of contract. 17\. — A bill to amend the law respecting the solemnization of matrimony. To remove disabilities and hardships affecting tlie Church of England as compared with others, by rendering its license or banns sufficient, as before the late act, by it6 own clergy without the Sub- Registrar's, but requiring still the presence of that legal officer to ensure registry, and enacting some penal clauses against possible misconduct of divers parlies ; also giving rather more publicity to regis trar's license, and ordering all marriages to take place between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m., as well as raising the Sub-Re* gistrar'e fees. 18\. — A bill to amend an act entitled ' an act to provide for the registration of births, deaths, and marriages, in the colony oi Western Australia.' Merely increases the facilities for registering deaths, and adopts the English forms exactly ; for the sake of using some valuable books sent to u», rather than from any ex perience of their superiority. 