Local Intelligence. Bush Fires. — We have been informed that the bush- fires have already commenced ravaging the country in the neighbourhood of York, destroying tbe pastures, and endangering tbe homesteads of the settlers. The colony has been long enough established to enable us to have some control over the natives, and prevent the continual recurrence of these fires, which might in a few hours destroy the results of the labour of years. The wandering habits of these denizens of the soil render it at all times difficult, and often impossible, to fix with any degree of certainty the charge upon any particular native. The fires often originate from accident — a spark might drop from the fire-stick of one of them, and himself be unconscious of the mischief until too late. The ashes from the pipe of a shepherd are equally liable, with the fire-stick of the native, to destroy the pasture of acres; yet still every possible means ought to be attempted to put a stop to these devastating conflagrations, and we feel assured that the Guardian of the Natives at York will use every effort to apprehend and bring to justice such of the natives as shall designedly fire the country within a reasonable circuit of the abodes of civilization. Fatal Accident.— We have to notice an accident, attended with loss of life, which occurred on Sunday last. Two lads named Wilson and Cummins, emigrants per Mcrope, ventured in a flat belonging to Mr Willis, of Pretnantlc, wilh the supposed intention of crossing tho River Swan. Fr-»m the statement of the survivor, Cummius, it appears that when they arrived at Ferry Point, they discovered they cutiM nut manage the boat, became frightened, and lost all presence of mind. They jumprd[overboard tj|-on a bank of seaweed, and one of the boys contrived to reach the shore. 1'lie deceased, Wilson, cluug to the gunwale of the boat until exhausted, when he relinquished his hold and sank, 'the body was discovered on Monday in (shallow water. The boy Wilson was in the employ of Mr J. W. Davey, and, we believe, bore a most excellent character. He was buried on Monday. Tub Cluiinpioii sails on Saturday neitfor Champion Bay, with the sloresof the Geraldine Mining Company, and a detachment of 11 oops, under the comm'nnd of Lieut. Elliot. We arc sorry to mention the destruction, on Sunday, the 4th instant, by Ore, supposed to be the nci of an incendiary, of a portion of the premises of Mr Jolin Hardey, at York, cunsisting of two stables and a barn. We have heard that by this accident Mr Hardey has lost 13 halc6 of wool. The thorough-bred horse Middletou narrowly escaped destruction. Total loss estimated at £200. 