Occulta vitia inquirere. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 17, 1840. The number of discoveries recently made of different minerals, whose existence has been, until within the last two or three years, merely consi dered probable, furnishes us with good grounds of hone for this colonv. and that 6tich dis coveries as have taken place, important as some of them are, will prove only the pre cursors of others in more abundance, which will not merely add lo the amount of our internal resources, but wiil also be the means of inducing an influx of capital and population to this portion of her Majesty's dominions. Coal being foun 1 in the neighbourhood of metalliferous ores, will give us great facilities for smelting — an advantage that is not always obtainable, and infinitely increases the value of metallic districts. In South Australia, favoured as that province ia in the abundance of its ores, we have not yet learnt that they possess coal, and have consequently either to import that article, or to send away the ore in bulk for the purpose of its being smelted — expedients they are compelled to have recourse to, which necessarily very much dirnir ish the profits that would otherwise be obtained from their mine?. Every nov exj'lonitioti reveals lo us frceh material and latent riches, which we have now good reason to believe are abundantly distributed throughout the colony. At Cape Naturalise Captain Flinders reported finding many speci mens of copper. This ground has not been yet thoroughly examined, but we trust it will soon be made an object of careful research. The situa tion, if minerals were found there, is admirably fitted for facilitating their exportation ; and if we can procure the amount of labour we require from the Home Government, * who seem nowr seriously to entertain the idea of forwarding emi grants to this colony, there is no reason why, with moderate wages, our mines should not be worked with a profitable result, and thus add largely to our yearly increasing exports. A coimEspoNDENT to the Perth Gazette, signing himself ' A Nineteen Years' Settler,' has, it appears, thought fit to dissent with our proposal that a general meeting of the settlers should be convened to lay before the Home Government the opinion of the colonists regard ing their necessities in the way of labour, &c.; We advocated this course in the full conviction that it would not only be productive of good as far pj the Home Government is concerned, but also that it would show those friends in England who have so kindly interested themselves in our behalf, that we were not disposed to leave them the whole burthen of advocating our cause with out contributing to alleviate their labours — a cir cumstance that would undoubtedly not only slacken their zeal, but very probably make (hem relinquish their efforts in disgust. The argu ments adduced by the ' Nineteen Years' Set tler' have in no way altered our previous con viction of the necessity of the6tep we urged ; hut perhaps it would be better to reply to the points brought forward by the writer in detail. In the first place, (hen, it is stated that the Governor, backed by the Colonial Secretary, was making great efforts to eradicate those deep- seated evils so long cherished by former administrations, and from which the colony has greatly suffered, and tiiat it would be tacitly admitting that we do not place sufficient confidence in His Excellency, and that it would not be showing him that respect co which he is entitled as Governor, &c.; To this we reply, that, acknowledging, as we do most cheerfully and gratefully, His Excellency's kind endeavours to amend our condition, we think it no disrespect to lay before him the view taken of the state of the colony by the whole body of set tlers. The memorial would be presented to His Excellency with a request (hat he would aid and assist us by using his influence with the Home Government, that it be received, if he considered (he points brought forward worthy of attention ; and so convinced are we of the Governor's dis cernment and uprightness, that we entertain no doubt the settlers would willingly allow him to alter or amend such portions as were not in his opinion warranted or required. It would be as sisting His Excellency to gain a clearer view of the wants of the different classes inhabiting the various districts of the colony, as it cannot be ex pected, despite his exertions, in the short period lie has been amongst us, he has acquired so per fect a knowledge of colonial grievances as not to have passed over some lew that were not very apparent or of sufficient magnitude to arrest his immediate attention. And we will further add, that a document drawn up by the entire body of the colonists, and sanctioned by His Excellency's approval, would, when transmitted lo the Secre tary of State, carry with it greater weight than one emanating solely from the ruler of the pro vtnee, or (rum its inhabitants. It is stated alsu (hat the Government at home listen to the Government here, and not to the people. Hera we think the writer is again wrong, for of laie years the voice of the people has obtained a far greater share of attention than was formerly the case ; and if this voice be combined with that of the officer selected as Her Majesty's representa tive, we believe it will not only be most seriously listened to, but that every reasonable effort will be made to grant its petitions, and to remedy those evils of which it complains. The Pilot and two Parkhurst boys, who form part of his crew in the pilot-boat, narrowly escaped a watery grave at 8 P M onThursday last. The boat used in the pilot service has always been considered a very dangerous craft, and many have been the sinister prognostications of evil to ensue from continuing to use it. We may rejoice that no lives have been lost, and that the boat only is entirely wrecked ; so that no more lives can be perilled by the use of so unsafe a vessel. On the day above stated, Mr Back (the pilot), with the two Parkhurst boys, was attempting the passage between the natural jetty and a small island called the Fish Rock, when the boat missed stays and made great stern way, and before the sails could draw again, she was lifted on a rock, where she for a short time remained ; another sea then struck her off, and she immediately cap sized, and sunk ; she then drifted close to the rock. From the masts, where the crew had been clinging, they safely reached the land, where they had to remain all that night, the following day, and ensuing night. A signal having ap- peared during the night of Friday, the Harbour Master, Mr Scott, despatched a boat a 3 A M. on Saturday, which reached ihe island half an hour after the Pilot and crew had (by means of a raft made by the Superintendent, Mr Vincent) safely landed on Rottnest. BUSH-FIRES— We hear that the bush-fire which we mentioned in our last number as having committed great ravages on the confines of the Northern and Toodyay dis- tricts, has since destroyed a field of grain near Egoline, belonging to Mr Elijah Cooke, a tenant of Mr C. Hinds. It is also reported that part of the vineyard, which Mr Hinds planted at a very great expense, is much injured. The fire at Mr Yule's originated in the carelessness of a native, who had come to the house on a message, and made a fire at a short distance from it, where he lay down to sleep. A very strong land wind blew some sparks on the dry grass adjacent, which immediately ignited, and burnt with such fury, that it was utterly impossible to check it before it reached the stockyard, the fence of which it soon consumed; destroying, in its progress, some pigs and about ten tons of sandalwood ready for market. From thence it made a detour, entirely surrounded the house, partially burning the garden and paddock fences ; by an untoward and sudden change of wind, it then returned and ignited a stack of barley, 12 tons of hay, the stables, &c.; ; thence progressing, nearly as fast as a man could run, to the wheat-field, where it devoured the whole crop, just cut and ready for carting, obliterating all traces nf fences and everything which obstructed Us progress. We are sorry to learn that the total damages sustained by Mr Yule from this untoward event are estimated at no less a sum thuu £200, and that the farm, with the exception of the dwell ing-house, which fortunately escaped, is for a time perfect ly ruined. The feed for horses, cattle, and sheep, is de stroyed for many miles. The Bar.— The operations against the enemy Dame Nature, raised to ohstruct the passage of vessels into our magnificent river, have been proceeding most satisfactorily. On Wednesday last, a mine of 27lbs. of powder was sprung and dislodged a large portion of rocks, throwing the fragmeuts about twenty feet high. If the weather permits, be fore winter, we hope to find a wide and safe channel will be made sufficient to admit the passage of our largest cargo boats. St. George's Church.— The Ciiurch Trustees deserve much credit for the manner in which Miey had St. George's Church illuminated last Sunday evening. The lamps formerly used gave too dim alight for so large a building, end finding this to be the case, the Trustees had 6i x large sconces manufactured by Mr Nairn, to contain 8 candles each. The design and manufacture ot these, considering the inexpensive nature of the work, is very good and tasteful. Vasse —The visit of the American whalers has much increased t»ie rate of horse-hire in I his district; ponies, we are in formed, are now let Uiere for 10s. per dioro to the officers of these vessels, who seem to lake much delight in having a scamper on shore after their long and monotonous cruise. _________m^___ A late paper from Sydney, the Australian, extracts an article too long for us 10 give entire, from Bell's Weekly Messenger, wherein it is confidently asserted that a Parlia mentary committee had been elected, and was then sitting, for the purpose of reducing the civil expenditure at home ond also in ihe colonies. Lord John Russell had admitted there were many offices me/e sinecures, both in England and abroad, but did not express a decided opinion bb to the course he eliould adopt, after receiving ibe report of the committee. 