Oeeulta vitia inquirere. The impossibility of carrying out opera tions for improving the colony on a scale of any magnitude, from the absence of sufficient labour, has been too frequently exhibited here of late years, to be for one moment denied ; indeed, the very fact that a large body of respectable and influential settlers have petitioned for prison labour, shows the strait to which they muptbe reduced. It is now universally recognised here that emigration is not only checked, but it is to be feared, under existing circumstances, is entirely stopped, and will be so until a change be effected, or something done to induce a return of | the tide of emigration. Amongst many plans that have been brought forward, one that is mentioned by Sidney, in his Australian Hand' Book, seems to be best adapted to consummate I so desirable an object. He proposes that the Home Government should allow the emigrant a free grant of bo many acres of land in the ratio of the passage- money paid by him (breach adult. Colonization is not considered in the present day, as formerly, a tonic oossessinor little interest ex cept of a local nature : it is now a subject that oc ! cupies not only the attention of those most concerned — the inhabitants of the Colonies — but of our most eminent philanthropists, literati, and statesmen at home. In a recent publication it is observed, ' this progressive change in public opinion portends a more favourable issue for Colonial interests.' But it is to the force of opinion among the middle classes alone that we are indebted for this progress. The Government hold out no support, no encouragement : the emigrant has to learn all for himself, and often times pays most dearly for his information. At the minimum price of ,£i per acre, the land in all the Australian colonies, in ours more particular ly, is rendered perfectly useless. Mr. Sidney, in his alile work, says — Where thousands of ncres of land vary from rioh alluvial to hnrren rock, it would be dour to the squatter at 5s. on acre; bul at any rate no uiic would give a penny au hi1 re more lor his land, fur the remote clmiicc of ilie sfiaru of a carpo of emigrants landed 300 in i lea off. I lie probuli'r purchasers of Imid are of a diflferentclass. In tlieni'i-;lihour- hood ol towns i.\ nt) acre may be obtained, and even more for choice lots, although mnnv blanks will lie left at that minimum price. Those who desire to purchase land are work'.ng men, or small farmers with a j few hundred pounds— men who want to marry and settli' on a com- J fortnble situ; men of large, capital are the best wool-growers, bui men of Rmall capital are the best biisli-fiirniers. They bpein by growing enough to feed themselves and end by feeding; their neighbours, whose live stock gives them no time for sowing and reaping. It is aguinf-t this class that the present Colonial system of land talcs rai*-es an unjust und most impolitic barrier. The precaution against the too early possession of land by labour Ing men is as unnecessary as it is injurious. j I have known many instances of labouring men starting to go to I Sydney, and even to Knglund, with savings amounting to some hun | dred pounds, and spending every farthing ut the tint public-house I on thp rohd. If waste lands were sold at their current value, in lots of forty acres, these accumulations would probably be expended on a plot, on which a hut would be built, corn and vegetables « uci'it be grown, u wife would be wanted, and if possibly obtained, a gulden would be reclaimed from thp wilderness, a wandering vagabond converted would settle down into the permanent servttnt of thesettlemnnl. At present it it the fushion to hire for a ycur, and wander from station to station I yearly in search of change. j ' Dili Mr W'Rki field's theory forbiJs the transmutation of land and j labour into fertility and decency. I i id dot a thousand ol t/its' little homesuetU over tlio land would j ? destroy the symmetry of a surveyors pluus, but would amazingly advance the harmony of tli« Imperial Stute. ' In fact, tli-' system of demanding £1 an acre for a block of nt least ' 040 aiT'F, bus pnt hii end to Itind-saith and the hniigraiion fun I — Iihs discouraged atrricnltnre in those purls of the Colony where a pt-iniancnt supply of grain wus most wanted, and lius left no inve.si inent open fur small capital exuept slock ; thus eiicuurugiug' the wandering habits of the people. It is the apparent facility 'or obtaining the possession of land which tempts so many to the back woods end swamps und unhealthy ! climate of il-f unsettled districts of the United fctates. ! Of their experience in these inhospitable unions, paupers in York \- shire workhouses can tell many mournful stories. The men who would be most likely to purchase land hundreds of miles in the interior, and, there settling, turn deserts of natural pas ture into oases of grain, caunot afford to sink £1 an acre for a section. I The capital proposed to be locked up in the Government ehest. would produce a hundred-fold more to the Government and the Colour if ! allowed to fructify under the hard hands of the settlers. With the | Crown Lands saleable ut their real value, und in lots to suit little men as well us great mon, the Emigration fund would be swelled by the purchases of small fanners who uannol make a living in .England, as well as all the frugal Colonial labourers. If the Imperial Government, instead of ad hering eo tenaciously to the present regulations ' for the Kttle of crown lands, founded principally ? on theoretical and generally false principle^ were to fake (he opinion of experienced colonists as their guide in legislating for the dependencies of the British Crown, they might hope for future success, and the removal of the glo»m and dis content that now pervades nearly the whole Colonial empire. Tub Government Gazette of tliis week contain* an announcement that 640 acres of land on the Murchisoa River is to be offered for sale on the 18th of April next. This is the firnt block of land that has been allowed to be put up to public competition in the uueurveyed district*, and it redounds much to His Eicellency's credit that no vexatious or official impediment has been permitted to interfere with the desire of the applicants, whose object is moreover facilitated by remission tickets being taken to half the amount of purchase money. The block now applied for contains the lode of silver-lead rocently dis covered near the MurctuBnn by Messrs. Gregory and party, which will no doubt be found very valuable. The eurface specimens tuken to Adelaide were thought hiuhly of by several competent judges, who considered them more as specimens of silver than lead-ore. Dr. Davy, however, whose fame as an analyaist is well established, and on whose opinion we should most firmly rely, states that the pronor tiou of silver is very email, there being not more than 2 ounces of silver to a ton of ore. ? Colonial Manufactdkes.— It has been frequently remarked with some surprise by visitors from other places, that although several articles of general utility and con sumption could be produced here, the colonists still Import such Roods. There are many products that cuuld be enu merated — such aB olive-oil, raisins, dried fruits, almonds, &c.; — that might be obtained in abundant quantities ; yet we tee large consignments of these goods brought in by every vensel. The brewery conducted by Mr. 8toke« has already had the effect of diminishing the demand for Eng lish ale and porter, end saving so much money to the colo ny. We are glad to find that another colonial manufactory is about to be established by Mr. W. Padbury, who has already commenced operations for tanning on a large scale, and will, when a currier that he has sent for, arrives, start a manufactory for boots and shoes. This will not only give employment to several of the sons of Crispin, but will be a great convenience to the public ; for the slop- shoes, &c;, sent here, seem, like Peter Pindar's razors, only made to sell — wearing out so fast, that, despite the immense number imported, there is generally a difficulty expe rienced, a few months after the arrival of a vessel, in ob taining those indispensHble articles. Maritime. — Tue utility of His Excellency's proceed ing in stationing a man at the lighthouse, Rottnest, to signalise when a ship appears in the offing, wo* fully mani fested the week before last, when the Waterlily was com ing in. The flag at Ruttnest was distinctly seen long be fore a ship rounded the island ; and this signal mujit, if needed, be easily transmitted to Perth in a very short space of time, by having an intermediate station at One Mile-Tree- Hill, near Preston Point, or on the Beacon Hill at the back of F reman lie. This last situation would re quire a tower about six feet to be carried up for placing a flagstaff, so as to be visible in Perth. In case ships, after notice b*inz «i'cn, were not round the north point of Rottnest by nightfall, a beacon could be fired at the usual place on the Oaol Hill to direct the course, when the anchorage could be reached in safety. Other improve ments tending to the safety of mariner*, are now being effected by the Governor. A conspicuous beacon is al ready placed on the Fish Rock, and Mr. Triug is now engaged in erecting a similar mark on the Challenger. Under His Excellency's supervision, we trust that many of the dangers that have hitheito existed on our coast may be obviated. Bush-Fires. — VVe Bre sorry to record the loss of more f property by the bueu-ares of this seueun. From this cause, Mr. Hall's premises ou the Canning had a very narrow escape from total destruction last week. As it was, a valuable filly wus burnt to death, and a capital mare much injured. The out-buildings and, indeed, the dwelling-house [ could not have been saved but fur the timely exertions of Home of Mr. Hall's friends who huppemd to cull at the cri tical moment. What's in a Name? — i'ti«- Madrid Gazette officially announces the birtlt of thu Duchess de Moulpeuser's child, end that she hos been baptized Maria Isabel Francises de Asis Antonia Luiza Fernanda OisJina Amnlia Felinpa Adelaida Joscfa Elena Enriquita Carolina Justa Rufina Gaapara Melchora Baltusara Matea. [VVe hope the young lady will not be obliged to affix her signature in full on nil occasions, as she will not in that case, unless of &n; amiable disposition, feel very tenderly disposed towards the memory of her godfathers nnd godmothers]. A report has reached Perth of a barbarous murder hav ing been, within these few days, committed by a native named We tBgwirt on the person of an aboriginal woman. It appears that Wctnswirt, a convict working in the Perth. gatit!, absconded on the 5th ultimo, and was mtikiiig his way to his own iliotrict, north of Northam. At a place culled Chidluw's Tint he met a native woman, who was wending her solitary nay from the head of the Swan to Northum. Tlio poor creature fled at his approach, but Wetagwirt overtook tier, after along chase, und, having no sppBr, riepritvf! her of iile by repealer! blows of liio downk. On the following evening ha boasted of the murder at the fireside of 8--nie wandering natives, and ascribed as his rea son for the di i-d, a desire to revenge himself for his late im prisonment by the whites. Although this report emanates wholly from nati»es, we have but too much reason to be lieve that the. material facts us ubote 6taied will be found too correct. Wctagwirt is, we believe, the tnnn who threw a sptarat Mr. Drummond whenuttemptiug his apprtheo ston.Bnri bears but a very indifferent character. We trust that should this case be satisfactorily proved, the extreme punisbnunt of the law will be inflicted on the perpetrator ol bo cold-blooded h murder. Mining Company'.—- Tl-e~Gtoeral~ Meeting of the Western Australian Milling Company took place \esterrlay, but the proceedings terminated at so late an hour as to compel us to give a very curtailed report. Lionel Samson, Esq., the Chairman, briefly e'Htfdthe present meeting was convened to inform the shareholders that there was no reason, with the amount of lunilsat thtir disposal, to eipect any practical miner front Adelaide to accept their terms ; one gentleman — the one written for — refused nltogethe/jBiid another required more than the balance in hand cuuld af ford. Uudt-r these circuui^tuucis, tbc question uro.^e, wlie ther Uio work* should be continued at Kelmseotr. Tender* had been received from two parties. The tenders were read, and that of Mcwr*. Backshell and Joseph Batt, for ?inking four fathoms at £25 per -fathom, whs accepted. A motion to allow the committee to distribute the funds re maining fn the best manner calculated to forward the works, was passed. A bxlance in hand of £231 13i. lid. was declared. Thanks having beeu voted to the Chairman, the meeting separated. To Correspondents.— ' A Lover of Justice' shall have our earliest attention. 