Domestic Intelligence. The applications for Leases.—The Herald is excusing itself for delaying the publi- cation of applications for leases for the Portland Bay district, delivers itself of a falsehood, which from its hugeness, may be pronounced a Buggins' entire. It is to the effect of the gross incorrect- ness of those returns, as published in this journal, leading as our truthful contemporary asserts, to their publication being interdicted till com- pleted in the Government Gazette. The Herald further states that our having pub- lished them in the mode we have done, arises from " a view to forestall" our contempo- raries ; and that our wholesale blunders have caused great inconvenience to the local govern- ment. Now the fact is, that the mode we have adopted with these applications, has been forced upon us by their voluminous nature, the extent of which the editor of the Herald will probably discover before he has done with them, and which would puzzle him to bring out in the same time, despite the beautiful supply of new material with which his amiable namesake has recently supplied him. The correctness of our publication may be judged of by the fact of scarcely one important error having crept in, in so much of the list as we have hitherto published, and neither our " wholesale blunders" nor any other motive has induced the government, or is likely to induce it to interdict the publication, as our presenting the list to the parties interested, a short time before its possible appearance in the Gazette, furnishes them with just so much more time to lodge their caveats, or correct the errors which they may have made, and which have led to any letters the government may have received upon the subject. Lastly as to the charge of a desire to forestall our contemporaries, if the Herald would use a little of that alacrity, which is the only redeeming feature we ever heard attri- buted to that journal, it need only be a day behind hand, and a day or two is not a matter of vital importance in the publication of the application for a lease, although they may be in the announce- ment of the discovery of a goldmine. Building Societies.—The usual monthly meeting of the Melbourne Building Society was held on Friday evening last, in the Temperance Hall, Russell Street. The President of the Society, Councillor Clarke, occupied the chair.— The contributions of the members, paid in, amounted to £270 3s 4d.— There was no other business transacted, and at the close of the meeting Councillor Clarke intimated that a Sale of Shares would take place on the first Friday in March, which will be the next meeting night. The Protestant Hall.—A public Tea Meeting for the liquidation of the debt on the Protestant Hall was held in that edifice yesterday evening, Mr. Alderman Kerr in the Chair.—The room was closely thronged, not fewer than from 300 to 400 persons being present.—Several good speeches were delivered, the principal speakers being Messrs. H. Frencham and Forsyth. There was a considerable variety of Music and Singing, the gem of the evening being a Song by Mrs. Batters, which was most rapturously encored. MURDER.—On Monday week a mur- der was committed at the Loddon, the murderer and his victim being brothers- in-law. It will be recollected that some three months back a case of sudden death was reported in the Argus, in which it was stated that a Mrs Egan had died at the Loddon while milking some cows; the victim in the present melancholy affair was, it appears, the brother of Mrs. Egan, and the per- son who gave the death blows was her husband. Egan, after the death of his wife, commenced shoemaking, and was getting on pretty well in his business for some time; at length he became intemperate, and his children, of whom he had four, were neglected. Neal, the deceased, naturally anxious about his sister's children, went to Egan's for the purpose of remonstrating with him on his conduct towards the little ones, when an altercation took place, and Egan took up a shoemaker's knife which he plunged into his brother-in-law's heart, causing instant death. Neal was a carrier, and a hard-working man. The murderer has not yet been received in Gaol. South Australia.—The brig Prin- cess Royal, arrived at Portland, brings South Australian intelligence to the 23rd ult. The prospectus of a Railway Company with a capital of £45,000 in 15,000 shares of £3 each is pub- lished in the Adelaide papers; the railway to extend from Adelaide to the port, a distance of 7½ miles. The prospectus of a second company is also published with a capital of £50,000 in 10,000 shares of £5 each with power to in- crease the capital to £1000,000 if required, by the further issue of shares.—A Marine Assu- rance Office, to be conducted according to Lloyds has been established ; Lewis Giles, Esq., Sec- retary. Mr. Newnham had arrived overland with another large herd of cattle from the Sydney district. A cat, still living, had been found in the centre of a hay-stack, after she must have been there at least 30 days. Burra Burra shares had risen to £150. The Lord Bishop of Ade- laide had returned from the Swan River in good health. The Archdeacon who was married on the 27th December, was to return with his lady by the Emma Sherrat. The Superintendent. — His Honor the Superintendent arrived in Portland on Wed- nesday, after having been lost for seven days, it is said, in the thick scrub on his way towards Cape Otway. His Honor looks thoroughly wea- ther beaten.—Portland Guardian. Portland—Yesterday a public meet- ing was held by which a deputation was appointed to wait upon his Honor the Superintendent to bring under his notice several of our wants. The gentlemen appointed lost no time in waiting upon his Honor, by whom they were politely received. He said a wall round the watch- house should be erected forthwith ; a low dam with a bridge over it should be erected across the creek ; he had not the power of discontinuing the wharfage dues ; a sum would be placed on the Estimates for the construction of a culvert from Bentinck-street along the north side of Gawler-street to the Beach ; the site he had selected for a Custom- house between Bentinck-street and tbe Beach, nearly opposite Mr. Claridge's cottage, he consi- dered the best, and he was not, therefore, disposed to change it; £50 would be expended in the construction of a Bridge over the Fitzroy at Mr. Edgar's ; Mr. Lennox would be instructed to select a site for one over the Glenelg at Mr. Strachan's, and another over the Wannon near Mr. Arden's ; he had already written home for a vessel to be laid on direct for Portland with emi- grants. These were the subjects which the de- putation were instructed to bring under his Honor's notice, and such briefly are his replies. We have heard his Honor will return by the Gle- nelg to examine the site for the intended township. —Portland Guardian, Feb. 2. Bathing.—Such of our friends as are in the habit of alleviating the discomforts of the present hot weather, by a dip in the tempting waters at the beach, had better be a little on their guard. There is now lying half way between Liardet's and St. Kilda, the body of a shark measuring some eight feet long, and exhibiting a set of teeth that would drive a dentist to despair. It appears quite fresh, as if only lately washed ashore, and would have proved an awkward cus- tomer to an unguarded bather. The Races.—A meeting was held on Saturday evening, at the Royal Hotel, to receive entries for the Trial and Port Phillip stakes at the next Melbourne meeting. The following was the result :— PORT PHILLIP STAKES Mr. Austin's br. f. Beeswing, by Cornborough, scarlet and blue jacket, and black cap. Mr. Lyall's b. f. Lady of the Lake, by Besbo- rough, green jacket and black cap. Mr Kilburn's br f. Dusty Sal, by Rory O'More, brown jacket and black cap. Mr. Dwyer's b. c. Lucifer, by Lucifer, black jacket and white cap. TRIAL STAKES. Mr Henderson's b. f. Cerito, by Rory O'More, black body, orange cap and sleeves. Mr. Kilburn's b. f. Kiss me Quick, by Rory O'More, brown jacket and black cap. A very general feeling of indignation was exhi- bited among the sporting men present, at the course pursued by the Geelong people in propos- ing to erase the Trial stakes from their annual programme. The real reason was believed to be that the Geelong side furnished no two year old horses, at all likely to compete with our own little Kiss me Quick, and the nominal reason, that of cruelty in racing two year-olds, is too contemptible to be discussed for a moment. It savours of affectation in our racing men, to attempt to improve upon the practice at home, besides which the horse ages so much sooner in our climate, that a two year old with us, is constitutionally half a year older than an English horse of the same age.— The Geelong people may well boast of their horses taking more than their share of prizes, if races are to be arranged for their express convenience. Beating the Bounds.—His Worship the Mayor, accompanied by the members and officers of the Town Council, the auditors, asses- sors, and other officers of the Corporation, com- mence to-day the triennial ceremony of beating the metes and bounds of the city and its different Wards. The cavalcade will assemble at the Council Chamber, Mechanics' Institution, at ten o'clock, a m., and proceed thence to the junction of Bourke and Elizabeth-streets, at the Post office, where the four Wards meet; from this point the divisional line between La Trobe and Lonsdale Wards will be followed to its junction with the boundary line of South Melbourne; returning thence the eastern boundary of the city will be taken from the boundary post on the South bank of the Yarra, adjoining Major Davison' s garden to its termination on the summit of the Little Red Bluff. Turning their horses homewards the municipal authorities will coast the bay of Port Phillip, with some interval for rest and refreshment at St. Kilda, to the first post on the western boundary of the city several hundred yards above Liardet's, and thence follow the western boundary line till it crosses the Yarra where the day's labours will terminate. North Melbourne will be proceeded with to-morrow. English News.—The barque Trafal- gar, arrived at Adelaide, brings English intelli- gence to the 16th October. The only additional intelligence is the spread of the cholera.—Another fatal case had occurred at Hull on the 14th October on board a Danish vessel lately arrived there from Odessa. On board the Justitia a con- vict ship in the Thames, six deaths from Asiatic cholera had occurred, while on board the Warrior convict ship no symptom of cholera had appeared, and this exemption having led to further enquiry, and a comparison of the circumstances, it was found that the convicts chiefly attacked on board the Justitia were those quartered on the after part of the lower deck, on the starboard side, which part of the ship was exactly opposite the mouth of a sewer which empties itself into the Thames. The master of the William and Matthew, of Sunderland, had a most severe attack, and died of Asiatic cholera, on board his vessel in the Thames, when on the point of sailing; and the mate and crew being duly authorised, the corpse was carried to sea and committed to the deep. Many fatal cases had occurred in London and Edinburgh; in the latter city seven out of ten attacked had died. It was observed that the Police Force in London and elsewhere had hitherto escaped the scourge. Collins Street.—It has been found on proceeding with the formation of Collins Street, between Queen and Elizabeth Streets, that nearly the whole of the houses on the north side are built out of the line of street, the encroachment on the foot-path at Messrs. Harris & Co.'s corner being about two feet, and Messrs. Mervin and O'Shanassy's about a foot.—It is feared that a state of things exists in other streets, and par- ticularly in the Little Streets, which, judging by the eye, seem very much out. The Western Market.—The pro- gress of the new Market building is delayed in consequence of the non-arrival of some of the timber required from Van Diemen's Land.—It says little for the energy of our fellow-colonists that we should be getting timber from another colony when we have such abundance at home. The Lysander Immigrants.—The unfortunate families who were turned adrift by the Government from the immigrant ship Lysan- der are being supported by his Worship the Mayor, and some other gentlemen, until the retum of his Honor the Superintendent will allow of application being made for their admission into the Depot, the Immigration Agent considering his instructions in the matter so imperative as not to admit of deviation.—The poor people are all married couples with large families. The Town Council.—Friday next being one of the quarter days appointed under the Act of Incorporation, the Town Council will meet on that day at 12 o'clock, noon, instead of the customary day, Thursday. The Superintendent. - Grave? fears have been entertained for some days for the safety of his Honor the Superintendent, «bl on a journey to Portland, via Cape Otway, and? was expected would have reached his destination upwards of a week ago. Happily then they? have been dispelled by intelligence from Portland announcing his Honor's safe arrival there? his? detention being accounted for by his having been lost in the bush, and undergone considerable? hardships before he succeeded in extricating himself. A private letter received from Portland yesterday mentions that among the disasters that befel his Honor, was his being overtaken by bush-fire, which raged so fiercely, that it wttr by taking refuge up to his neck in the itiJ his Honor was enabled to escape the riufl the devouring element. His Honor is tuen to arrive in Melbourne to morrow evening, a? return being anxiously looked-for in coMem of the recent golden discover. Bush Fires.—The horizon is begin- ning to be dimmed by the smoke from the burn- ing bush. We cannot too strongly impress upon our country friends, the propriety of taking im- mediate measures for the safety of their crops and homesteads. By choosing a favourable day and clapping on all hands for an hour or two, and burning back from their fences, &c;, much injury and loss may be avoided. Our long dry spring induced an unexampled growth of grass and this acted upon by the present heat, will give an unusual vigour and intensity to the bush fire which will be productive of serious consequences unless preventive measures be adopted in time Building Societies.—The um monthly meetings of the two newly established Building Societies take place, the one to-ti¡ at the Mechanics' Institute, and the other to- morrow evening at the Temperance Hall. The first sale of shares takes place at each of rj meetings, and some curiosity is excited to God rate of discount at which they may be pur- chased. 