Bush-Fires. To the Editor of the '? Inquirer.' Sir, — It is not ofmi I take up my pen to interfere in public mailers, but »he bush fires caused by the natives this summer have been so ruinous to every branch of fanning, that I think it is quite time some steps were taken by the Government to put a stop to them, before the ensuing summer. They are a curse to tb« colony ; not only the stockholder suffers, but the whole community feel it more or less, though the grazier is by far the greatest loser by this itiiquiiious system, pursued by the natives. Instead of the poor sheep and cattle having plenty of feed, they are obliged to wander through the coumry, licking up the ashes, the only remains of the grass they ought to be. feed ing upon. And whose fault is ii ? Who are we to blame for allowing the. natives to burn the country in the way they do every summer — thev have been declared British subjects by the ho.no Government ; so oi course they must submit to British laws, and, in my opinion, there is no punu-hment too severe for them when found guilty. If there is an example made of a ftw, it will soon be put down. I shall presently put forth a plan which I think might be carried out with very good effect, and very little expense to ihe Government ; hut I must first show how very injurious this burning system is to the squatter. A poor man has first to toil through the country, perhaps for many days, before he can find a piece of land that will keep his small flock or herd, and if he is fortunate enough to find it, he has to go to Perth and pay tu the Government the enormous sum of .£10 for rent before he can go on the land, and then one week after he is comfortably settled with his flock, a native (one of Her Majesty's subjects) walks through his station, and sees a kangaroo-rat run into a hollow tree; he of course lights a fire to make out this saht animal, and the consequence is that the bush tak'P fire, and all the poor man's run is burned. Now what is the squatter to do : he has lost his £10, and his cattle or sheep are lelt without food all the summer, for the sake of obtaining this half-starved rat, a»d they will wander through the. forests in soarc.h of food, an-l there get poisoned. I know of three or four instances during the past summer where from 16 to lo Head ot tattle have been found lying dead, fn heaps, amongst the poison in the York district ; and one gentleman had to pull four ot his beet cows out of the pool, and two of which died on the spot; the other two he has in slings, feeding on hay, if they are not dead. The loss of cattle and sheep this season h;ts be.sn very heavy, and a^i to he atirihiitrul to Ihe native* burning the bush. I think I may say, without ihe slightest hesitation, that die country from North to South, and East to West, as far as it is known, has been burned the past summer, more or less, by the natives. Now 1 consider this it tutijrct of vital importance fo the wealth of ihe colony, and trust that His Excellency will take the matter seriously into his consideration, and issue the most peremptory orders to the Guar dians of Natives, and likewise to the head of the Police in every district, to caution the aborigines against burning the bush next summer ; and let it be made known to them that if they are found guilty, that they will be punished to the utmost extent of the law. There is nothing like striking terror into a savage, t think it would be very advisable to have them taken up on suspicion, and when they have been in gaol a few days, if they are not guilty themselves, they will very soon tell you who and where the offenders are, and then they may be employed as guides. Before concluding, I must again say that if the natives are still allowed every summer to fire the country, the 6heep will be all starved to death ; the cattle that do not die of starvation, will be poisoned, and the country will be ruined, as a matter of course ; for man cannot live by bread alone. Now I think it is only fair on our parts —if we deprive the natives of a few kangaroo rats and opossums, which we must do if we prohibit them from burning the country during the summer months — to issue to them a weekly ration of meal, as a compensation for the said animals. The plan which I propose is as follows : — First, that His Excellency do order to be selected from the native prisoners a certain number of young and active men, and let them be appointed as native fire police constables, six to every district, to assist the white police in stopping the bueh-tires, and taking up the offend* ers. This would be no extra expense to the Government, for they must be fed even if they were in gaol. Secondly, that His Excellency do allow the head of every aboriginal family to keep one kangaroo-dog free of tax, provided he makes a promise that he will not burn the bush, or allow any of his friends to do so. I think this would have great weight with them, for they think as much of their dogs as they do of their children. This may be all very easily done through (he Police. Thirdly, that each settler in every district do subscribe one bushel of meal at the commencement of the summer, to go towards the support of the natives, and that said subscription be delivered at the police barracks in the several districts by the subscribers, and that the Government do grant to evjery district at least an fquivalent proportion ; and this, I think, with a small subscription from the towns, might very easily be collected by the constable of each town. These subscriptions ought to keep the natives very well during the summer months, and I am sure there is not a settler in the colony who would not willingly give a bushel of meal, rather than have his run burned . And, fourthly, that His Excellency do order the Guardian of Natives, or the Resident Magistrates of those districts to which the Guardianship does not extend, to have this meal issued to the natives weekly by the head policeman, and to impress upon their minds that it is given to them by the white people as compensation for not burning the country. There is one thing more wliich is worthy of notice: the natives must, and will, have fire to cook and steep by, and the only means they have of carrying fire is by lighting two or three pieces of bark, which they hold in their hand like a torch. Now what can be more dangerous than this in the summer, when the grass and every thing is as dry as tinder; let them be ever so carefu1, it is almost impossible for them to prevent the bush taking light. To prevent this, I would propose '.hat the Govern ment do issue to the head of every aboriginal family one box of matches every month. Thip, I think, would have great tendency towards stopping the bush-fires, and at a very trifling expense to the Government. I remain, Sir, yours very obliged, A York Settler. York, June 10, 1850. 