LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. I Polios Clerk—Mr James Panrucker, clerk [in the Inspector's Office at the Police Barracks, lias been appointed Cierk to the Commissioner of Police vice Mr Hewitt, deceased. The appoint ment has given general satisfaction ; and judging from Mr Panrucker's former good conduct and efficiency, the vacancy occasioned by the la mented death of Mr Hewitt, could not be more properly filled. The Weather—We have had abundanco of rain during the last week. The streets for soma days were boggy as usual, and the various tren ches and boles, dug by the City Commissioners, transformed into so many puddles ami ponds. The bush- fires are perfectly extinguished, and the country wears already an improvingly fresh as - pect. The Torrens and its tributary creeks had rapidly risen, but are now reduced nearly to their former level; and the weather seems to have settled down at a moderate and agreeable tem perature. Gaivler Place.—The City Commissioners have intimated to the residents of Oawler Piace. that if they subscribe £G0 for the removal of the bog in that locality, and repair of the street. £10 will be added, which will make up the estimated outlay necessary, i. e. £10U : and the repairs will bo immediately commenced. xMr Featherstone has subscribed £10, and those connected with Gawler Place Chapel £10, which leaves £10 for the residents of the street. This sum is now iu conrse of subscription, but we would remind the inhabitants that they have no time to lose. They will remember its impassable state for the last three winters; and, even now, ono can hardly move along it from the few showere of last week. It' the red den is do not look out sharply to have the repairs done before winter, they hail better make up their minds to remnvo to a hah,table portion of the city until the next return of dry weather. Prixcf, Far.nr.rick, of A rousTr.amrao and Captain' Carr. —By the A!fi\'d we have to announce the arrival of an Bullish onieer, Cap tain Stanley Carr, and a young German noble nian of royal blood, Prince Frederick of Migus teiiburg, travelling as Lieutenant Grbnwald. The Prince is about nineteen, and is highly spoken of. He is a cousin of Prince Albert, and a nephew of the Queen of Denmark. It is his intention, we hear, to visit the Australian eo'o r.i-s, and perhaps New Zialarid. Captain Stan ley Carr is well known at h one and in Germany for the attention lie has paid, since he left the arrnv, twenty-four years ayo, to pastoral and agrie ultura! pursuits, being atunnber of mint of the Agricultural .societies of Kngkunl and ' fer iiiaov. in which last-named pace he passcs-el extensive tracts of country, wuere for tin: period mentioned l.c resided with h s family, devoting his energies and fortune to tile introduction of the most approved systems of Uusiaolry an 1 wuol-giowing. Recent political evei ts deter mined luni to sell his estates, and having char tered ihe Alfred, he is now on a visit of inspec tion here, accompanied by a namOer of hia oei-iiio, with a view t» a permanent estabhs iuiciu. eitbo 111 bontli Australia or Port Puihip. Go....,in Carr bring i out e.-pecial ollieial in iw.initio is ;o Sir lieorr ^ounc, and wo hare heard t, at hi Excellency has al o received a pr.Vote leitc. ot introuuetnui tio.u Earl Grey, in allien la. u.n l are is spoken of in the highest terms. We shall not much regret the p».itical tempests of Europe so taoj bring us occasionally entcrpiising and intelligent settlers well versed ill tbegrowtu and preparation ef our staples ; and we trust Captain Garr wili meet sueii a rceeptiuu kwnouo us. and bo so satisfied ot the wealth aim capa bilities of our country as to induce him, evou tu illy, to become a south Australian. Kooii'xga.—Tills township was visited bv a ternlKe storm yesterday week, the roofs of some of tlie weather boarded houses were whirled into the air amidst clouds of dust. The shop of Mr Day, blacksmith, was struck by lightning, but fortunately did no serious damage. This morn ing the Burra Greek presented a most unusual scene of bustle and excitement, some of tile dwellings of tbe miners which bye the by are nothing more than excavations in tho banks had tumbled in, others were half filled with water o a ing to the heavy rains which fell in torrents the whole ot the night. Luckily there were no lives lost, but the inhabitants were in a miserable predicament, the children standing .shivering with wet, and cold cm the banks, whilst the men and women endeavoured to save some of their little elFccts by chasing their boxe-, furniture, ite, uhioh were being borne away rapidly bv tiie fl/O.i. A great number of people suffered con siderable loss, and complain bitterly of the sear city of houses above ground, where tiley would le enabled to icside with some degree of comfort and salctv, and not be as at present, in hourly dread ot embankments falling in and burving them in a heap of ruins. The total numuer of houses destroyed by the flood is 70. Kooiwn'ga, FtBRL'AiiY 2, 1S;0.—The dog nuisance in this quarter lias been effectually put a sio;> to for the present, by an order hoar ] W. Lang, list]., it. M., to destroy ail dogs : loutul at large, without being duly veeistered and decorated wicii collars. t his inoriiliig the police were btisv witli tiieir carbines and succeeded in shooting a great number o! heel-nibbling curs, to the gratification ot most of the inhabitants, w ho will now be able to sport their figures through the township ill safety. We understand the police intend repealing the dose about every three months, as the Cornish miners are 111 tlie habit ot rearing a great number of pup; ios. Inquest.—An inquest was held on Monday last, at the " blacksmiths' Arms," John's Creek, on the body of D ivid Alexander ami-ray, aged 40, who had fallen oft' a dray on the previous Friday, and died on Monday. It did not appear that ho had received any material injury from the fall ; and death seemed to have resulted from a paralytic stroke or some similar affection that in stantaneously deprived him of the use of his limbs, wiiich lie never attcrwards i,covered. .Me dical assistance was promptly sought by his friends, but no doctor arrived before his death. The jury returno i a verdict of "Accidental Death," accompanied witiiadis.approv.il of the conduct of tiie Doctor, at tile Reedy Creole Mine, in not attending on deceased, when urgriitly called upon to do so, upon the plea tuat he had no horse lor the journey. Racing—A match for £'40 a side, two miles» Town Plate weights, c vine olf, last Tuesday, o'l the Adelaide Race course between Mr Vansittart's b. e. Lucifer, and .Mr A. Malcolm's b. c. Coronet, which was won by the former in a canter. Lucifer was ridden by 15 tverstock, and Coronet by Clarke. Lucifer cauicon the ground in prime order, while his opponent, on the contrary, had only arrived troin Van Diomcn's Land some ten days ago, and had not recovered from the severe "shaking" of the voyage. He was, besides, lame, having lately lost some of his hoofs while one of those remaining was pared to the quick by the blacksmith who shod him 011 the previous day. During the run he was all abroad, and had not the least chance with Lucifer. His backers however, are confident of different results at some of the forthcoming races. Early Clo ing.—A preliminary meeting of Drapers' and Grocers' Assistants and Clerks, was held on Tuesday evening last, at the " Norfolk Arms," Kundle- street, to form themselves into an Association far the purpose of using measures to obtain an earlier closing of the shops than has hitherto been the ca-e. About fifty persons at tended ; and Mr Hilder was called to the chair. The objects of the meeting were briefly explained by the chairman, and those present urged to use their utmost endeavours to carry them into effect. The meeting was altogether ot a conversational nature, and the members seemed far more anxious to obtain their objects upon the mere merits of the question, than to acquire temporary applause by forensic displays ofa more declamatory nature. The Chairman evinced great zeal for the success of the project, and expressed himself perfectly confident of a general acquiescence in so reason able a demand, by most of tiie respectable mer chants of Adelaide. The Association is shortly to convene a general meeting at which the sub ject will be more fully discussed. The resolutions passed on Tuesday, will be seen by referring to our advertising columns. Mulueiia.v v. Coi.io.v,—We are desired to request the public to suspend their judgment on this case, as reported under the head ot Resident Magistrate's Court, until after the adjourned hearing: Mr Colton, as wo understand, distinctly denying, that ho ever told .Mrs Breeze that he four.d the two Enterprise Mining Company's scrip, and being prepared, as it is added, to pro duce the counterpart of the cheques he gave for them. The charge being so serious a one, we could not hesitate to comply with the request conveyed to us as above iudicated. Bank Director. — John Hector, Esq., has been appointed a local director of the Bank of South Australia, in the room of Edward Trim mer, Esq , who proceeded by the Grecian a few weeks ago, to England Window-Smashing.—On Friday night last, about naif-past eleven o'clock, some three or four ruffians entered the premises of Mr Matthews, coaehinaker, Weynunuh-stree;, and sin.-Rlied the windows in front of the house, and in the workshop, without anv apparent object but that of plunder from the probable confusion that would ensue. Mr Matthews, however, was too wide awake to be thus thrown off' his guard. He quietly got up, and reconnoitred the premises, without re tiring to any unsafe distance. Three sus picious-looking cttstoineis were seen prowl'ng about, but seeing tliat those present did not retire, they retired. The patties were evidently of the ''flash mob," just emerged from a party that had congregated and in dulged in their vulgar orgies at a neighbour ing inn. The police are, however, on tire look-out, and /roiti information received, it is probable that the depredators will have shortly to account for their misdeeds. Unmerited Threat.—As Mr Francis Dutton was riding to the Port a few days ago, he saw two men, we are informed, fighting in tho middle of the road, opposite to Riseley's Half VTay 11 otis;., who had just been turned outof the p! nee to set:'e their quarrel outside. Some twenty or thirty rough t;lnrasters partook in the quarrel! as spectators or otherwise, and Mr iiiseley having wisely turned thein out, did not further interfere in a quarrel, which, from his old age and personal prowess, he could not in the least influence. VIr Dutto i, however demanded the name of the laud lord, and assured him that he would take special care t > sit on the next Bench of .Magis trates to deprive Mr Itisiey of his license 1 An oflioer of police, who shortly afterwards passed assured the innocent innkeeper, that he had done perfectly right in turning out the combatants, and that from the circumstances named, Mr Button's threat was both uncalled for and injudi cious. No house in the colony has been better conducted than Mr Hiseley.s, and the civility of the kind landlady has actually become proverbial on that route. It is therefore inconsiderate, if not cruel, to use threats, which would by the br, lie of no avail against public opinion. Peril ips. the worthy J. P. however, wil> think twice helor* he fulfils his threat ; otherwise we shall lie obliged to w.aeii the proceedings at the next Quarterly Bench of Aiagi.trates ; and see how far lue freak of a Justice of tli : Peace will go in its contest with substantial justice. 