LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. Railway to the Pout.— AVc understand that peti tions, of which the following is a copy, are lying for signature at tho Exchange, the counting-houses of J.Iessrs P. Levi and Co.. Blyth Brothers, Sam sou and Wicksteed, and at the oifaccs of the Auelado City and Port Railway Company, and we earnestly urgo our fellow-colonists to lose no time in subscribing their names in favour of an object of so much importance to the colony :— To His Excellency Sir H. E. F. Youn^, Kni-ht, Lieu tenant-Governor of the Province of south Australia, and the Legislative Council of the said Province. The Humble Petition of the undersigned. Sheweth' — .*-?,-' ? ?: - That your petitioners deem the introduction of railways into this province of the utmost import-nice to its pro gressive well-doiny, and regard the construction of a Railway between Adelnide and the Hatbour as a necessity daily growing iu intensity That the colonists anxiously anticipate the enjoyment of the Railway as being the greatest of modern social improve ments, atui pray that the Bill which has been pending before your honourable Council for sonia mouths last past, be no longer deferred. And your petitioners, &c.; Notwithstanding the very unfavourable state of the weather, there was a most respectable attendance at Mr. G. Fischer's Concert in the New Exchange last evening. As might have been expected from the pieces selected, the company was principally German, but there was a considerable number of English gentleman, and some ladies, also present. There was a great paucity of instruments (only a cornopean and piano- forte), but the gentlemen who performed on them ac- quitted themselves admirably. We were much pleased with the manner in which Herr Cranz executed the opening piece, "Caprice," in the second part, and delighted with the "Grand March" from "Oberon." It is a beautiful composition, suggestive of "Files arrayed In helm and blade. And plumes in the gay wind dancing." We cannot compliment Mr Fischer on the distinctness of his intonation, or the correctness of his English ; but he certainly exerted himself to the utmost, and for that deserved the applause which was most liberally bestowed on him by his admiring countrymen. Of Miss Lazar's two pieces, we were most pleased with the second, 'Happy Heart," which really deserved an encore ; but by far the greatest treat of the evening was the quartettes by the "Deutsche Liedertafel," or German Song Society. These gentlemen executed se- veral pieces with a taste, feeling, and precision that was highly creditable to themselves, and gratifying to the audience. "Loreley," "a song of the olden time," such as we might suppose 'the spinsters and the knitters i' the sun' v-'ould love to sing in Fodcrland, was warmly applauded ; and a still more enthusiastic effect was produced by the delightful manner in which that difficult, piece, ''Die Kapelle ' (the chapel) was performed. The applause was not confined to those who understood the words— all appeared to enjoy the piece, and join in the demaud for its repetition/ We never before felt so strongly the truth of the passage — 'Music, oil. how faint, how weak; Lansuiure failcs before thy spell ; Why should feeling ever speak. When music paints its soul so well ?' A match for £20 a-side comes off this day at Good wood, between Mr J. Harvey's Marquis of Salisbury and Mr W. Malcolm's Betty. They arc to trot a inile, gallop a mile, and jump four hurdles, a quarter of a mile apart. First horse in to take the stakes. As this match was made last races, and both nags are well known, to say nothing of the bets, which are rather numerous, it is expected that most of the gentlemen of the turf will be present. A terrific bush-fire created great alarm in the district of Mount Barker, on Tuesday and Wednesday last, which happily however, did little damage beyond destroying the grass and sundry bush fences. This fortunate result we believe, is mainly to be ascribed to the vigilance and activity of a large body of natives who happened to be located at Nairne at the time. To the credit of Mr James Shakes of that place, whose property for a considerable period was in great peril, we are desirous of recording the fact, that he presented an entire bag of fine flour to the natives, besides other things, and the value of two or three pouuds. This is a pleasing contrast to tho conduct of many parties of whom we have heard during the harvest, and whose names we are strongly tempted to publish, who, alter having engjiged the blacks to cut, or to assist them in cutting their crops, promising them money and blankets, have most discreditably broken faith with them, and sent them away without fse or reward. 