MEN AND THINGS IN MELBOURNE. Dear Sirs— Guilty, or not guilty? Are you or are you not a couple or triple, as the case may be, of very shabby fellows ? Acting in the united capacity of judge. and jury. and counsel for the defendant. I record without hesitation a verdict of acquittal ; but still it can not be denied that appearances are somewhat against you. Did you then, or did you not, receive, by the good ship Tamar, which left this port in or about the last week of December, a certain packet or parcel, with all costs and charges duly paid thereon, containing, among other articles, a full and particular account of this our good city and its inhabitants, within a certain period of the date thereof? If you did not, you are clearly justified in not acknowledging the receipt of the said packet; but an' if you did, either your manners, or the manners of her most gracious Majesty's servants in the P.O. department, are very sadly at fault. The fact is that, neither in your own individual or collective characters of an esteemed friend or friends, nor in the shape of one of you old bi weeklies, or new dailies, have I heard or seen anything of you since the despatch of the said packet, and, acqutting you fully of the slightest breach in the laws of kindness and courtesy, I am perfectly convinced that my papers, at least, if not my letters, become the property of any person except their true and rightful owner, through the neglect, or something worse, of the Melbourne Postmaster. I do not judge by my own case alone, but by the complaints of others, public and private; and it is believed that the papers of private individuals are either detained for the use of the P.O. clerks, or parties connected with the news papers. At all events, I never get any Rcgisters, Ob- servers, Miscellanies, or Correspondence ; and therefore I wish you would help me in ferreting out the culprit, whether he be in Adelaide or Melbourne. Talking of the Post- office, you will be pleased to hear that the uniform rate of cheap postage has already given proof both of the policy and the usefulness of the measure. In the three first weeks of January the excess of letters posted in Melbourne above those posted in the last three weeks of December was more than threefold ; and from the weekly increase there is every reason to believe that the revenue will suffer little, if at all, by the change. But alas! for the stamps. In England, the little effigies of her Majesty are known by the name of "court sticking plaister;" but here we court them to stick in vain. As to the effigy itself, it bears a much closer resemblance to an old washerwoman of 60, than a youthful Queen of 30 ; and the artist, who is in high repute in Melbourne, has doubtless been compelled by the pressing calls of an extensive business, and the despatch required in its execution, to give less attention to the engraving than he could have wished. His fellow-citizens may well be proud that Mr Ham, who is also entrusted with the preparation of the plates for the Rev. W. B. Clarke's work on the Geology of Australia, takes so decided a lead among the artists of New South Wales, that the Sydney Government thus avail themselves of his services. If the Postage Act is working well, the Building Act seems to be as pretty a piece of bungling as evar was concocted by official stupidity. Some of its pro- visions are doubtless of a most salutary tendency, and more particularly those which relate to the prohibition of noxious trades and the construction of unsafe or unseemly tenements ; but many of the clauses are unjust and inquisitorial in the extreme, and the fees to be paid in certain cases altogether mischievous. Probably, however, you will think that the parties who are most hardly done by are those to whom the fol- lowing clause applies : — " If such official referees cer- tify that the premises are ruinous or dangerous, it shall be the duty of the said mayor, or person acting as such, to repair or pull down such building." Whether the said mayor is to do the work himself, or to pay for the doing of it, the duty will be rather an unwelcome one. Although I have not seen a Register for the last two months, I learn from our papers that it has been con- verted into a daily journal. This is a step, or rather a stride, in the right direction ; and I most sincerely wish your enterprising spirit the success it merits. We are miserably behind you in these matters. It is true that we have three daily papers, such as they are ; and two of them, to meet the difficulty which the postage now charged has caused, issue a country edition once a-week; but this is nothing more than the paper of that particular day with a supplement made up from five preceding numbers. Newspaper literature, indeed, is here at a fearfully low ebb ; and it would be well if one of the editors would stand aloof from the petty squabbles in which the rest indulge, and assume a position of autho- rity such as belong to yourselves in Adelaide, as the proprietor of a well-written leading journal. Surely there must be talent among us to aid in such an attempt, and sufficient public spirit to support it. At the same time, it must be confessed that the said talent does not shew itself. The Church of England Magazine has certainly appeared, but it is a sorry affair after all, and, with the exception of the introduction, from the pen of Bishop Perry, does not contain a readable article. It must last the year, in order to keep faith with the subscribers ; and I trust that, in the interim, so much more life and and evergy may be thrown into its pages, as to give it a permanent vitality. Even the Bishop's address, however, in connection with a course of lectures which he is delivering, at the monthly Diocesan Meetings, on the Errors and Corruptions of the Church of Rome, has had the unfortunate effect of reviving the rupture between the two churches, which has but lately, if indeed it has at all, been closed. An opposition lecture has accordingly been got up by the "Catholic Association ;" and at a recent meeting of their body not only did the chairman, Dean Coffey, animadvert in no measured terms upon a passage in the Magazine address, which spoke of the Roman Catholics as labouring under the delusions of Satan, but the Bishop and Clergy of the Church of England were challenged to a public controversy on the merits of the two religions, as a more straightforward and manly line of action than the publication of anonymous attacks upon the Roman Catholic faith. There are more reasons than one why the challenge will not be accepted ; and though I am not sure that it ought to be declined, I am very glad it must at least have the effect of cutting short the very ill judged diocesan doctrines. Let points of faith be freely and fully discussed in the pulpit ; but in a colony where all religions are equally tolerated, let us have no brawling in the streets. It would be well if there were nothing further to keep this ball of contention rolling ; but it is not destined to stop for want of an additional kick. In the end of March, during the race week, we are to have a fancy-fair, in aid of the fund which is raising toward the building of the Benevolent Asylum, whieh, though advancing favour- ably, still falls very short of the required amount. As St. Patrick's Hall seems to be the place best adapted for the purpose, it was proposed that application should be made in the proper quarter to obtain the use of it ; but to this Bishop Perry objected, on the ground that it was under the management of the Roman Catholics. It appears, however, to have been erected for no exclusive object, and, indeed, a Presbyterian congregation have engaged it for their Sunday services : so that the bishop's scruples have probaby been overruled, for it is definitively settled that the fair is there to be held, and the name of Mrs Perry still remains on the list of pa- tronesses. Perhaps, after all, a more serious objection lies against the time of holding the fair, as it will occur in the season of Lent. At first, indeed, the races were inadvertently announced to take place in Passion-week, and it would surely have been better, when the change was very properly made, to have fixed a later, rather than an earlier, date; and thus have brought them beyond the limits of the great part of the Christian church. But to return. In the midst of these discus- sions, down came the Sydney papers with the corres- pondence between his Excellency the Governor and the Colonial Secretary, on the subject of the dispute between the Protestant and Romish Bishops of Mel- bourne, touching their respective rights and titles : from which it appears, that prelates of the Church of England take precedence of those of the Church of Rome, and that Dr Perry, on whom her Majesty conferred the title by letters patent, can alone be recognised as the Bishop of Melbourne. In a letter annexed to the correspondence, Archbishop Pulding, of Sydney, speaks of "nsulting conduct," want of the "ordinary courtesies of society," and "gross personalities," on the part of Bishop Perry, who is the very last man in the colony to have laid him- self open to such charges. In fact, both Bishop Goold and his Metropolitan have been altogether in the wrong throughout the whole business ; and it is for that very reason that these new differences are especially to be lamented, just at this crisis, when it would have been at once more dignified and more gracious to have treated the vanquished party with forbearance. Independently of these external sources of disquiet, I am grieved to add, that the Church of England can scarcely be said to be at peace within herself. The Rev. A. C. Thompson, who is the oldest minister in the Port Phillip district, and most highly and de- servedly respected by his congregation, has been of late so seriously unwell, that he is compelled for a time to relinquish his sacred duties. Accordingly, he has gone, with a three months' leave of absence, to recruit his health in Van Diemen's Land: and reports are abroad of an unpleasant parting between himself and his diocesan, who appears to have dealt somewhat hardly by him. There appears, also, to be some mis- understanding respecting the endowment and consecra- tion of the New Church of St. Peter's ; and the middle parish are complaining of a breach of contract, by the removal of their minister to Geelong, and the discon- tinuance of the service from want of a substitute. It is true that their own complaints have brought about this change in the scene of this gentleman's ministry, and, if one tithe of what is said be true, there has been ample cause for complaint ; but surely an arrangement might have been made, by a subdivision of services, or otherwise, so that one-third of the Protestants of Melbourne should not be destitute of a pastoral super- intendence. In the meantime, the Rev. Mr Russell, who has been dismissed from the northern diocese by the Bishop of Sydney, has appeared among us : and it is believed that he will receive employment, if not pre- ferment, in the diocese of Port Phillip. Bishops Broughton and Perry are at present both out on visita- tion, and they are to have an interview at Albany, in the beginning of February, on the confines of their respective jurisdictions. The "Russell affair" is said to be the grand object of this meeting; but, whether the two Prelates, who are the very antipodes of each other, both in temper and opinions, will come to terms, remains to be seen. If his metropolitan decrees other- wise, the Bishop of Melbourne will scarcely venture to confer priest's orders on Mr R., who is only in the deaconate; but it is the prevailing impression that Mr Russell is an amiable and ill-used man, and that his late diocesan, though he has some cause for anger, will not proceed to extremities. On the progress of education I have but little to speak of. From the School Statistics, which have just appeared in the papers, the number of schools bear a very large proportion to the number of scholars; and little is taught at most of them beyond the mere rudiments of learning. The higher branches of a liberal education might indeed be acquired, but they are almost universally treated with the most supreme indifference ; and it is a losing, and apparently, a hopeless concern to those who would devote their time and talents to effect a change for the better. The Diocesan Grammar School, which has never attained the rank of a third-rate private school in England, is manifestly a complete failure, and a source of great vexation, if not some embarrassment to our good bishop. The principal public and private schools of other denominations stand upon very nearly the same level ; and all beneath them arrive at little be- yond the training of shop-boys aud servants. What is to be the intellectual condition of the colony in the next generation, if this state of things is allowed to continue, it is fearful to contemplate. Barbarism would be better ; or, to say the least, the educated few will have to deal with a race of half-educated striplings, who will give more trouble than the very aborigines. By the way, how are you off for servants ? Here, they are the very scourge and torture of domestic life. They will have the most exorbitant wages, and then laugh in your face if you expect them to do anything except eat, drink, and sleep. If something is not soon done to bring these "fine ladies'"to their senses, our wives and daughters will soon have to make beds, and scour floors, for those whom they pay for the pleasure of their impertinence. In the way of direct progress, I may mention the establishment, or I should rather say, perhaps, the re- establishment, on a new and enlarged basis, of the "Melbourne Horticultural Society." I have neither space nor time to dwell upon the very obvious benefits which are likely to result from such an association ; and it must suffice to say, that there is every reason to hope that it will meet with efficient support. For the rest, we have had some very queer weather; an alarming fire on the outskirts; the reflection of sundry bush fires in the distance ; the ordinary amount of petty thefts and drunken rows; Christ- mas and New Year's gambols, with soapy- tailed pigs, and the other etceteras ; and a variety of such other general and particular incidents as, I dare say, you meet with in Adelaide also, now and then. Apropos, however, of bush-fires, the following is an extract from a private letter, written by a clergyman, in Sydney, and with this I conclude : — ' I have to-day (January 15) walked over many square miles. The ground was one blank of black dust ; not a blade of grass, not a tree whose leaves are not seared to the summits, the stems black and burning in many places. I have eleven families without a shelter : their houses burnt to ashes : such a desolation I never saw. One poor dog I found dying in an empty hut, which was spared miraculously. His poor feet were all burnt almost off. Opposite lay another dog, roasted to death, with his chain and collar on. At one place a horse was roasted alive in the stable. In the empty hut, mentioned, lay, while the fire raged around, and burned down the adjoining houses, a man whom I am attend- ing, nearly in his last moments, worn to a skeleton. Another man was lying on the ground, and was asked by the sick man's wife to carry her husband out of the fire ; he told her to go to the d— l ; but a woman ran through the flames a considerable distance, and took the sick man in her arms, and carried him off to her own house, a distanee of half-a- quarter of a mile at least, where I have been with him to-day. We are in a dreadful state for water ; all our creeks were dried up long ago, and there is no chance of rain. It is a fearfully droughty season." Yours, very faithfully, &c.;, &c.;, YOUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. Melbourne, January 26, 1850. TENACITY OF LIFE. — An advertiser in the Times of Thursday, 20th September, tells Emilie that her "desertion has broken his heart" but gives his address "for a week longer" to the lodging where he means to be! Emilie, we see, responded amiably on Friday, so that it is to be hoped the wound is healed by this time. 