THE RECENT BUSH FIRES. We are not, to-day, about to furnish a history of these late occurrences. We are not intending to philosophize upon atmospherical or meteorological pheno- mena. We propose scarcely to throw out a speculation or a conjecture as to the probability of the origin of Bush Fires, further than suits our purpose. We leave the extraordinary fact, as to the coincidence of large tracts of country being simultaneously affected by confla- gration, at very distant points of latitude and longitude, to those who have more leisure than ourselves for the interro- gation of nature. Whether it be the stockman's pipe, or the bullock- dray fire, or the wilful incendiarism of kangaroo hunting aboriginals, or whether it be the fragments of glass bottles, which act as so many lenses, that are assumed as the cause why the bush is frequently ex- posed to the destructive element, is beside our object. We wish rather to say a word or two on the effects than on the causes of these calamities ; on the moral rather than on the physical state of the ques- tion, and on some points connected with it, which arc apt to be left out of con- sideration by the observer. It is but a week or two ago, that the inhabitants of this city were alarmed or gratified by the awful but brilliant display which was ex- hibited to them by the blazing heights of the North Shore. Numbers of its deni- zens called out of their houses to see the fire, doubtless retired to them, without a thought upon the wretchedness which that brilliant and beautiful scene pro- duced. They regarded it, perhaps, as they would the Beal fire of the Celt, or the signals of smugglers or repealers. It was a beautiful spectacle—and that was all. Not a thought, perhaps, arose as to the destruction of life, except as to the hope that the snakes, guanas, and hoc genus omne of reptiles would be swept away ; or respecting property, beyond a feeble exclamation of cold and contemptuous pity. Yet it must be acknowledged, that a Bush Fire is, if a common, not an un- meaning spectacle. It deals in death and desolation, and foreshadows some- thing infinitely worse, when this " round globe which we inhabit" will be swal- lowed up in the billows of the universal flood of fire. Dies illa ! dies illa ! Sæclum fervet in favilla ! The homestead, rich in culture ; the orchard, glowing with the promise of future fruitage ; the rustic dwelling ; the horse ; the cow ; the faithful pri- soner watching in his kennel ; these are the victims on which the Fire king fastens his insatiable grasp. And where beneath the rays of the morning sun all was full of life, and gladness, and joy, ere the curtain of night has fallen upon the landscape, there is nothing but gloom, and blackness, and smoke, and the calcined trunk or the withered leaves of the forest. Such a contrast has been recently pre- sented to the eye of the visitor, within a few miles of the crowded streets and well-furnished dwellings of the metro- polis. And every incident alluded to above may be seen in all its fearful reality. We would moralize a little thereon. In looking over the ground which was the scene of destruction, we came to certain spots where the fire had been so fierce that nothing remained to attest the former existence of a dwelling but the heaps of charcoal, the oxydized nails, the molten glass, the half-blistered earth- enware, the curled saw, or other similar relics of the abode of the civilised labourer. Here and there the half- burned feathers of the domestic fowl—or the roasted body of a horse—or the groaning of the dog that escaped a similar roasting only to be deprived of the use of his feet, attested how fearful the ravages had been. We once saw in the days of our youth the relics of Old Drury ; we have trod- den among the battle-burned beams of Hougoumont ; we have seen the blackened walls and roofs of houses that have withstood the assaults of shell and rocket, but we have never seen anything more frightful than some patches of the bush which we recently visited in order to ascertain the amount of damage. If one of the conjectures hazarded above be allowable, then we may see that the moral of the case is connected with a circumstance, which, when first mentioned by the late Sir George Gipps created con- siderable merriment and offence-viz., the fact that the bush is strewed with bottles ; and it may, in many cases, be anything but problematical, that the hiding of a case bottle by a drunken sawyer behind a tree, or in a patch of grass, may be the cause of considerable destruction to property. Now, the condition of the ruins of many of the huts and houses shows, that there is by no means an inconsiderable supply of bottles in the bush ! and where fragments are found in great quantities, it may be safely concluded, that the in- mates have been pretty well off in the world. In all visitations of Providence, how- ever, there is room for the display of good as well as of evil, and it has so happened, that the late conflagration has produced a fresh example of the connec- tion of natural phenomena with the pro- vidential interference of their Author. "We are indebted to a sermon preached in St. Leonard's Church, the Sunday after the fires, for this illustration. It was mentioned by the preacher, that a poor man who was lying on his death- bed, whilst the fire was consuming two houses in his immediate vicinity, stead- fastly resisted the endeavours of his wife (now a widow) to have him removed. He declared to her, that his faith was so strong in the protection he would receive, that the fire would not hurt him. And, although the devouring clement was so fierce as to consume the neighbouring houses in a few minutes, his hut yet stands, a proof of his dependence, and a monument of mercy, no spark having fallen on it amidst the blaze. The phi- losopher may say, perhaps, that the wind blowing in circuits merely fulfilled its destiny ; but the Christian will go further, and read a lesson of a higher kind in this deliverance. We may add, moreover, that this man, in spite of his wishes, was at last borne from the fire by a charitable female who carne to his rescue, and was safely placed out of danger. Had the scene been one of war, we should, perhaps, hear some reader expatiating on the gallantry of such an act as this, and exalting this im- pulse of daring and kindness to the stan- dard of heroism. Our object will be attained in alluding to it, if we invest the apparently humble topic before us with a moral interest be- yond itself. And when we state, further, that the whole property of this sick man consisted, besides his bed, of three saws, which were placed for security in one of the houses that were consumed, and which were destroyed, we shall have quite sufficient in this simple narrative to furnish matter both for the romantic and the thoughtful. Yet we might find incidents in history nearly parallel. ÆNEAS bearing his father from the flames of Troy is a type of this act of a humble Christian woman in the bush fires of Australia, The preservation of the bark hut is analogous to that of the chapel on the field of Waterloo, and of the frame of the church that was saved from the wreck of the vessel that carried it to Greenland. But we must descend from our recol- lections of the past to deal with present examples. The late bush fires have in some re- spects been more ruinous than any in remembrance. We have a particular object in thus prominently placing the fact on record. When, in the month of February, 1846, similar fires devastated the country around Liverpool and Campbelltown, and a smaller amount of houses and farm property was destroyed, the clergy were invited to move their congregations to- wards the relief of the sufferers. A con- siderable collection was made, and if all who were relieved were not satisfied (as will always be the case), still much need- ful assistance was rendered. In the present instance, we have heard of but one sermon having been preached, and, therefore, but little relief has been so obtained. But the Mayor and a small body of charitable persons have not been idlo. A collection has been made in the city, and relief of some kind has been pro- mised. We would not wish this act to be evil spoken of. By an advertisement pub- lished in our columns, we find, that, it is required, that the amount of losses must, in each case, be certified by a clergyman or magistrate. But, how can any clergyman or magis- trate certify such statements ? It is unlikely, that any other person beside the individuals who suffer can know what articles were in their posses- sion at the time of the fire, or what was their cost or value. The required certi- ficate is, therefore, a mere temptation to a careless and profligate forgetfulness of the object for which it is demanded, If the Committee appointed to distri- bute the contributions received, would allow us to offer a suggestion, we would say, that if each applicant signified his worldly condition, it would be in the power of the Committee to discover, whether the articles alleged to be destroyed be such as befitted that condi- tion, or whether they were luxuries. And, in the latter case, it would bo quite right to use a strict discretion. We would also have them enquire, what relief, on account of the calamity, each applicant has, from any quarter, already received ; and this will prevent imposi- tion. For, in many similar cases, per- sons worth little till a bush-fire has happened, have through the influence of sympathy towards them, become com- paratively and positively richer than ever they were before. And, as another re- sult, it has occurred, that persons who have been the greatest sufferers have ob- tained the least assistance. New South Wales has never been back- ward in charitable acts of benevolence; and we hope, on this occasion, she will not forsake her own example, but be liberal. We also wish that her liberality may be administered with discretion, and that the relief which cannot restore all that has been lost, will be found sufficient for the present necessities of the sufferers. We would also thus publicly plead on behalf of the widow, and the other woman who tried to rescue her husband. It would be a favourable opportunity for paying a just compliment to disinterested kindness. POLICE OFFICE.—The sitting magistrates at the Police Office yesterday were the Right Worshipful the Mayor, Alderman Egan, Mr. O'Neil Brenan, Councillor Flood, and Mr. J. R. Wilshire. The last named gentleman was the only one in attendance of the three sum- moned ; Messrs, Towns and A. F. Wilshire were the defaulters. OBSCENITY.—Mary M'Creary and Mary Ryan were yesterday convicted of drunken- ness in the public streets, and making use of obscene and filthy language while in that etate, and were sentenced to be imprisoned—the former for fourteen and the latter for seven days. 