\--*-0-- ANNUAL LICENSING MEETING. LAST Tuesday being the third Tuesday in the month of April, the regular Annual Licensing Meeting was held pursuant to Act of Council. Captain Hovell, J.P., acted as Chairman, assisted by Messrs. Styles, Gerard, and Cropper. The following applications for renewals were granted; Publicans' General License :-J.Armstrong, Bungonia; Thomas Brown, Wingello; William Champion, Shelly's Flats ; George Dunn, Goulburn ; Daniel Duigan, Goulburn; S. Firth, Goulburn ; J. Fletcher, Breadalbane Plains; E. Hughes, Bun gonia ; S. Moses, Goulburn; N. Mandelson, Goul burn; A. Newman, Goulburn ; J. O'Brien, Goul burn ; J. Peters, Marulan ; P, Poidevin, Collector; D. Ross, Goulburn ; W. Simons, Goulburn; J. Tay lor, Mullengullengong; J. J. Woodward, Goulburn; F. Webster, Goulburn; W. H. Wood, Tourang. Confectioner's License.-H Greig, and T. Jacobs, both of Goulburn. The following applications'were refused, or the consideration of them postponed for the reasons set opposite the parties names. George Evans, of Kangaloola, and Alexander M'Donald, of Goulburn, were refused licences be cause their applications were not put in in proper time. Goodman Hart, of Marulan. The Bench at first refused to grant the application on account of some proceedings which took place at the Small Debts Court, on last Monday se'nnight: however, on Mr. Hart making a statement to the Bench to the ef fect that he would be prepared were he called on, to show that their worships had misjudged him in that transaction, the Bench consented to further consider the application on Tuesday next, the day fixed for taking the recognizances. Mr. Hart is, we understand, prepared to prove that he never made any erasure in his account book, and that the goods he sued for at the last sittings of the Small Debts Court were supphed to the defendant in the case within the last three years. We trust the Bench will calmly consider the facts of the case, without reference to any bye-gone affair in which Mr. Hart was involved, it would indeed be hard were a person made to suffer in pocket and reputation after he has paid the forfeit the law demands for his offence. The termination of a sentence is supposed to re place the suffering party in his original position as a citizen, and to re-endow him with all the privi leges appertaining to that position; it would then. be a gross act of injustice to prohibit him the use of the smallest of these, and a greater act of injustice when that prohibition destroys his power to support his wife and family by his legitimate calling. Mr. Hart has expended a large sum of money on a house' at Alarulan; and we are informed was anxious to procure a license in order that he might let it to: some party, in whose favor he proposed, at the' regular time to apply for a transfer. By denying' him his license, the property upon which every' shilling of his money has been expended will become entirely worthless, and consequently, a wife and family will be plunged into ruin. In the considera tion of the application on Tuesday next, we trust that the Bench will be careful to exclude from their' minds all extraneous matter; there is such a thing as allowing prejudice to creep in unawares, by which' intrusion the, judgment is often blinded, and, un intentionally a grievous wrong is done. The following new applicationis were made :--J. Wealand, of Marulan: H. Wilson, of Goulburn; J. J. Woodfield, of Boro; D. McKellar, of Goal burn; W. Petty, of Collector-Granted. The Court then adjourned until Tuesday next. ENGLISH NEWS to the 24th of December has been received, via the Mauritius. The only iteni of interest is the opinion given by Sir Edwar'd Sug den 'on the legality of the late Roman Catholic appointments.-The great lawyer states distinctly that the Act forbidding the introduction of Bulls into England, (13th Elizabeth) and denying the Queen's supremacy, was not affected by the minor relief of the Act of 1847, which only repealed the severer penalties of the ancient Act. In this view of the case the position of Dr. Wiseman would bli' perilous if, as Sir Edward Sugden suggests, it will be the duty of Parliament to restore the penalties, and that such restoration cannot be regarded as an ex post facto law. In the counties of Cu berland and Cambridge, Norfolk and W orcestershire' there have been also anti-aggression meetings of a: very decided character. AccolDNT.-While James Blake, in the employ of Wm. Bradley, Esq., was riding a young vicious horse, in the direction of the Shingle Hut in com pany with another horseman on Saturday afternoon ast, the brute became restive, and unfortunately at the moment a dog which was following him. rushed in front of the horse's legs. The animal commenced bucking and plunging with sitch vio lence as to unhorse Blake, who fell heavily with his neck on one side-the horse rolling over him. Luckily at the moment Mr. Jennings, the mason,' was passing, who ran to the spot, and raising Blake, whose neck had the appearanee of being broken, left him in the care of the other party while he ran to Mr. Phillips of Lansdowne House to apprize him ' of the occurrence. That gentleman immediately sent assistance and had him conveyed to the farm. Dr. Caplan was soon in attendance, and after most vigorous treatment, and care for a few days, Blake was enabled to proceed to his home at Gundaree. THE BuSHRANGEE a GILnIGAN. : - This notorious character who was committed some years ago for robbing the drays of Mr. Farmer, of Braidwood, and who subsequently broke out of the watch-house in that town, was received this week into Goulburn gaol, to await his trial at the next Circuit Court. ALAXRMING NEws.-A gentleman lately, arrived from Maneroo informs us that a fierce bush-fire is raging on the Gipps Laud side of the Snowy river, evidently making its way towards the pastures .of the Maneroo country. Burnt leaves and pieces df bark have been picked up at a distance of thirty. miles from the front line of the conflagration. The grass in this part of the country is very long and should the fire once take hold of it the most. dis astrous consequences must follow. WHEAT AND FLOUR.-At Launceston, wheat-is sell-. ing at 6s. 2d., and a further rise is anticipated. A ship had been despatched from there to Adelaide to purchase wheat for the Cape. Fine flour £14 to . 15 per ton. At Hobart Town wheat realizes 6s. 9d,. flour £17 per ton. The Commissariat had accepted 20,000 bushels of wheat at cash price, the lowest price being 10s. 31d., the highest 11s. 6d. At Bathurst, fine flour £25, seconds, £23. At Maitland, wheat fetches 7s. Fine flour £20; and at only one mill is their any third quality made: a significant fact. :MINERAL RESOURCES..-Capt. M'Callum of Good Hope, Yass, lately purchased a tract of land in that neighbourhood represented to be very rich in copper ore. Mr. Dibdin, chemist, of Sloan-street, has tested two specimens, one contained 42 percent. of metal, the other 51 per cent. INQUESTS.—Two inquests have been held since our last publication. One on Saturday last at Wil leroo, on the remains of an old man named Daniel Harnett, found dead in the bush. He had been for a month from Mr. Cooper's station, where he re- sided, and nothing was heard of him till his bones were discovered in a gully on the run; Verdict,"found dead." The other enquiry was held at Kippilaw, on Thursday, on the body of one William Williams, in the employ of James Chisholm, Esq., who was found dead in his hut. He had been ailing for some time. The immediate cause of death was inflamma tion of the bowels. Verdict accordingly. ACCIDENT.—Davis, a Braidwood constable, had a narrow escape on Sunday last, close to the "Lord M'Donald" Inn, Auburn-street. The horse he was riding reared up, and fell back with its rider ; some how or another the constable's carbine was beneath them when they came to the ground and the hammer coming down on the nipple, caused the gum to go off, the ball entering the ground without doing any damage. HAIL STORn.-Shortly before sun-down on M~on day evening a fierce hail-storm broke over Bungonia. The destruction of property was, we understand, very great. The windows of Mr. Styles' house were smashed and much damage done to the garden. The creek rose six feet in the course of an flour. About half an hour later the storm threatened to visit Goulburn but veered off to the eastward. CATranRR.-The very reprehensible practice of driving sheep infected with Catarrh through the country, has recently been revived by some up country settlers. A short time since a flock belong. ing to Mr. Fitzpatrick, of Murrumbidgee, which were labouring under this fearful malady, were driven through Wollogorang; several of the animals. dropped dead on the run and others lingered about it for several days. As soon as Captain Eden borough heard of the circumstance he sent a mes senger into town to the Chief Constable, in order that the diseased flock might be detained here until disposed of "according to law." Unfortunately the information arrived too late, and the flock was not overtaken until it had made the Cross Roads, where its further progress was stayed. The sheep are now being slaughtered and burnt. One day last week Captain Edenborough was again visited by a flock similarly diseased. They belonged to Mr. Sinclair. About thirty of the worst were detained in a stock yard and disposed of in the usual way. We under stand that proceedings are about to be commenced for the purpose of putting a stop to this disgraceful praQtice of driving infected sheep through strange runs. POLICE.--On Tuesday last, just before the Bench of Magistrates were about to enquire into certain charges against District Constable Carey, stationed at Marulan, and Constable Carey, stationed at Bun gonia, these officers tendered their resignations, which were accepted. Their Worships then ap pointed Robert Trudgett and Thomas Maidens, for merly Corporals in the Mounted Police, and Trooper Bradshaw of the same corps, to be Constables of the Police for the district of Goulburn. We "calculate" the change will be greatly to the advantage of the inhabitants of this part of the colony, and a subject of regret to the scoundrels who infest the bush. 