local intelligence Tub Exhibition of 1851. — Some enterpiising individual- have ih-trrinined to incur the exp-nse of sending home to the Grrat Exhibition of 1851, a consiaole found on duty in the streets of M Ihnnne after 12 o'clock at night. We a-r sadly afiuid such a specimen cannot be secured. Flock -masters Beware ! — About thr-e weeks sinre Mr Nnholls, a -heepowner residing on the Mirqu.rie Rivr, missed abou' five hundred' wt-ll wuol'ed sheep. No trace of th ui could be discovered, and they were given up fur lost. A few diys ago, they w r' found again on the run. but in such an altered form tli.it it almost puzxl-d 1 their iitasbr to recignise them, they Itav. ing, during their fortnight's Love of ah- eseiice, been entirely denuded nf the fine wonlly jacket!, from which it is hut reason able to supple their o-vu-r had expected to reap u considerable prufit, which lias now been diverted into another channel. — Sydney Herald. Reward of Merit. — Detective A'hl'y hns obtained the berth of gaoler at Geelo ig. It is to he regretted that the city lias lost so valuable an officer, but consider ations of this kind should never be allowed to in'crfere with the promotion of deserving mm. Constabulary for Australia. — Tho " Cork Constitution" of Tuesday c: n tains tlie following i — Tlie i ut-pensioners attached to this corps parade this day. and for the three following, in this city, in com pliance with a recent order. In cons- q uen-e of an intintioi expressed in the Australian colony of separating Com England, the Go vernment are about to adopt inta«ur-s to pri vent such separation. In addition to Hip two regiments under oidrrs for tlut coiory. such of the pensioners under furiy-five yca-s of age, with their wives and famiiiia, as choose 10 Toluateer f"r Australia, will be sent thither frit! of exponre. The volun teers will be entitled to a an" qiart r acre ft land free, with their pensions, f' r which they will he enrolled into Conslabu lary of local force companies. Every day these men are on duty thsy will ba pntltied to 3s. for their services, A largo numbm of the pensioners liavo already offered them selves to the Government, and hqve leen accepted." A Killing Pace. — Mr James Wright timber merchant of Swanston-street npp ,'ired at the police court on Frid y to anfwer a charge of having in the rapidity wilti which In had travelled on liars-hark attempted to rival tin electric tei-grngh, The complaint was dismissed. The Police Force — On Friday upon two consta diM named Purves and Scales being called upon to subsLaniiatj inform i- tiona which had been laid at their insligatiin, it was discovered that tin y veto not in atten dance, and the complaints were consequently dumUsed, the Mayor intimating that the absentees would probably share a similar (He, Fine. — Tho losses by bush fires du ring the overpowering heat on Thursday, have been great, and we fear the full a- mount of the damage has not yet been made known. Mr Yottng, formerly the landlord of the Harvest Home tnvern, in Bourke- street, hns been utterly ruined by a fire which took plnce at his farm at tho Springs. Frightful Destruction my Bustt- FiuEs As \vu anticipated would be the case, each succeeding hour bring! in telligence of add tion il ravages by bush- fires on Thursday. In the Western Port district tlie (ires have been particularly de structive, everything upon the station of Mr Burke being entirely consumed. Messrs Cahill. Fennessy, Neville, nnd Dr Bathe are also Bivcre sufferers ; and il was rumoured that Mrs Bathe had perished in the llinns, —but we cannot trace this to any authentic lourco. At the I'entridge II. lis Mr Blow's woolshcd, conUining a large amount of pro perty, was entirely destroyed ; and Mr T H Pyke, it is stated, is a loser to the extent of £1500. Huslt Firf.s, -a large quantity of pro- pcrty has been destroyed by tho bush fires. The casualties we hear are as follow : — Mr Neil Black, 2000 (not 3500) sheep. Mr Grey, (late of Grey and Mnrr), 300 sheep and a bush hut. Mr Ware, (near Mi. Elephant), 1000 sheep nnd haystack, Mr Cole's wool shed. a wool shed at Fysnt Ford. Mr Blows, store and con'ents, valued at least at £1000. Mr Greene, Woodlands house arid farm produce. On the night of Thursday wo observed the Bppearnnce of fires to the south and north of the city. Destruction of Property. — A re port is in ci culation which we fear is too truo, that two thousand of Mr Mofia't's sheep at the Grange have been destroyed by a bush fire. Messrs. Gro) and Marr, it is bIso stst-il, have lost three thousand sheep, and M Ritchie, mar Mount Napier, the whole of his crop by a similar accident. A Mother and Five Children Bur.nkd to Dkatii.— A distressing occur renee took place at the Plenty River on Tnursday, in consiquence of the bush taking fire ; a poor woman namrd Marquecn and her five children being burned to deitli. The husband a 'd n sh pheid in Ilia employ preserved their lives by plunging into a water hole. The bodies have b en brought into Melbourne, ai d inquests will he held upon them this day (Saturday), when full pait-culais of the melancholy event will Lo develop, il. Further Particulars. — Tho latest accounts from tlie interior co ifirm the intellig-nci1 which had p eviously reached us relative to the damage caused by tile fires. Iu tlie ncighbouili.iod of W.stem Purl, sa soar inf irritant, the only house 1. ft standiug is the ion nt Dand'ii tig Mrs Bath-, it is feared, has perished ; she writ into the stabl- to assist iu releasing some horses, ami il is b li veil that the roof of the building fell upon her. Mr Brock, ol Mount Mac.ilon, ha> lost three hundred sheep, ami trie re mainder of his 11 ick were o ily saved by tlie stratagem of driving them oil to barren land. The hnuu-, furniture, crops, Stc. of Mr Harlin at the Plenty h.ve been en tirely de troynl, and Messrs. McDonald, Grant, and others in the neighbourhood , are sev.-re lnsir.. At tit- Barrabool Hills the destruction lias been t-rrific. Dreadful Mortality — A gentle man who arrived on Friday from Kilinnre, informed us that on the road he passed the carcases of scores and scores of cattle which had fallen victims to the intense heat of the previous day. Catarrh — This scourge has, we regret in say, mude its appearance, ia Mt Mace- don. Tiie Thirty Pound Ccurt. — Not a single c is- has b en disposed of during the sittings poss-asing any pub'ic interest or rneri ng notice at our hands. Rather Prolific. — The "Portland Guar Han" sates that a per, o i killed a snake a fe .v Oa> s since, from which lie extracted twenty-three young ones. Luxuries of the Season. — Some rcnliy Luuli ul gr.pes rivalli' g in s ze those known as the Poring d gripes l ave been rxhitii ed in the nia'k.t On enquiry Wr find they have been grown ill the viciuily of Heidelberg. An Irish Landlord. — Mr. J. S. Ioimb.rd was on Friday required to enter into sureties lo keep the peace for six inu itliS towards Mi Peter Connor his landlurd whom he lad tlircaened he would knock t> the earth and annihilate, if he ever caught h m passing his door Brethren of tiie Mystic Tie. — By returns with which we have been favoured ol the r. ligious persua-ion < f the members of fl.ld Fellows Lodges in Melbourne, it appears that about on'-tliird of tlie tital number are nn-mb rs of tlie Raman Catholic church. N kws for Teetotallers. — During tile qu r ter which ended on the 31stDecem- bi r lust, d ties were paid at the Customs upon 51.819 gadous of spirits, amounting to tlie gross sum of £12,189 18s Id, or £2110 17s II more thin was received duiiig the corresponding quarter of Ihc previous year. Disorderly Houses. — The occupants of several di-orderly hou-ei in the city have received notice from tlie neighbours to qu t forthwith, otherwise legal pruee. dings will be inet luted againit litem. The hint iu U e majority of the cs-es Ins had the desired eff. cr. Try it again — A tlirioo-dofeuted Candida e fur munic pal honours il is rumoured intends ag , in to try his fortune at the No vember election fur Kippv Ward. Touch me not.— Some beautifully exei uted base coin, impor ed from Van Die- men's Laul, are in circulttioi in M luourne. Touch them gently, and their greasy feci at ouce cuiid, ran" them The Harvest. — Soino Hobart Town sp'culaturi have paid a visit to Vict r a to see if tltry can enter into contrac's fur a supply of grain during tho next four mouths, hi L' Il prices being anticipated from the noto rious deficiency of the harvest. The Gold Reqions. — A tinman who left Melbturnc some years since f r the Quid Regions, in! written to a friend in Melbourne, and tl;e communication having been h inded to u« by particular desire of th' writer, we fee) bound to extract the foHowiug pasjags— " If you wa 1 to ayoid shell upon earth, don't come to California.'! The Melbourne Hospital. - Somo extensive alterations will sh utly be made in lids institution, which will cnuhl the com mit ec i f management to acmmmo !at- double the present tho present number of patients. Conif-mpt of Court. — Mr Richard R) an, to whom we al'uded In our previous number, was on Friday fined Two Shillings for irtering a in tlie presence of a magistrate. The Bench remarked, that they were perfectly satisfied they had the power to compel Mr Ryan's personal attendance to answer the charge, but were not desirous of puriuing tho mutter ny further, New Publication.— A weekly news paper called "The Australian and New Zealand Gazelle" has been oommenced in London. We have not seen any oopici of it. Cot'PER. — Tlie first sale of copper in Sydney, snulted in the colony from colonial ore, Will take place nt Mort and Brown's next tverk. There have been Bales of cop per previously, but we believe it has been the produce of South Australia or New Zealand ores. We look upon litis sole as one of considerable importance, nnd we have no doubt it will bo tlie first of a series — indeed we should not bo surprised before many months nro over to sea weekly sales of copper in Sydney as well as wool and tallow. The copper in question, which is said to he very pure, the smelting having been scientifically performed, is from a mine n-ar Bathurat, known as Glassun's mine. The ore is said to be rich and plentiful, and largo quantities nrc being " grassed" every week. The smelling is done at the works, by which n hrnvy expense in cartage is saved. Th" cost of bringing ores from dis tant parts of the colony is so ltigb, that il entirely pr. vents the poorer description ol ores from being brought down to Sydney j but if the practice of smelting with wood at the mines can be extensively carried out, there are doubtless ninny places in whioh mines can be profitably worked whioh are now looked upon as worthless, — " S. M. H'tald " The Drunkards' List. — Dennis Sullivan nnd Andrew Sinclair were on Fri day fined five shillings each for drunkenness on the pr-vious day. Impudent Robbery. — On Thursday evenitt. an impudent robbery was perpe- tratid in the neighbourhood of Lonsdale- street. At nbaut half-past eleven o'clock a gentleman was in the act of taking leave of n lady whom lie hud escorted home when he was pounced upon by six ruffians, who rutibed him of his watch and purse, and brutally ill-used him. No clue to the scoundrels hns yet been ohluinod. Patent revolvers will come into fashion if this is the game that is to he carried on. Assaulting the Constabulary. — John Corcorun and Patrick Mitinhun, for assaulting const bio Williamson in the execution of hia duty on tiie previous night nnd attempting to rescue a prisuner whom h' had ill cu- tody, were on Friday fined ten shillings each. Cimaluhlea should he fu ly protected in the diicliurgs of their duties, Rnd we cimti it hut regard tlie. fine imposed in these instances as ridiculously low. Old Agf. and Destitution— A very fitting ohj cl fur the relief intended to lie afforded by the B'tievol. nt As)lutn was brought before the police court or. Friday, in the person of John Fitch, who bad been found lying in Flinders Lane on the pre vious night, and avowed himself to be in a state of ufor destitution. The poor fellow s'ated that lie was in his eighty eighth year, nnd t hot for seteial nights he had slept upon Batman's 1 1 dl, being destitute of shelter. At his urgent request he wua dis charged, expressing a cunsictiun that some of tiie butchers in the city, fur whom lie had been working, would dr something to re lieve his necessities. The Effects of Intemperance. — J limes M ioney, evidently in an insane rtate, represented to he tbe result of intempe rance, was brought before the policu court on Friday when Ilia brother ituted that all hia efforts to keep his unfortunate relative in the house hail provrd unavailing, and he must beg tlie magistr tea tu keep tlie poor fellow in safe custody until the billowing Mnnilav, when he had made arrangements for his admission tn the Lunatic Asylum. This request wasarceded to. A Mint to Parents. — It mry be well to in imate that c il Iren wi'l l e vac-i- nuted at the Colonial Hospital, Batman's H i', f.ee of charge, on each succeeding Tuevlay, between nine and ten o'clock in the mottling. Government Contracts. — This day, Saturday, is the la-l day upon whirh It-n th r- will he received by tiie Lical Gnvern- fnr the underim ntintn-d works and supplies. For Medium- for the C'oloniul service dur ing the current year — For eawn Timber for the William's Town J-t:y. "uccessful Te.ni>> reus — The Loral Government Gazette intimates that the following tenders have been accepted : — Fulton and C < for a Hydraulic l're-s £150 D t'n, for i'rioliog tools and m leriala, £135 1 3s 8il. G W. Cole for anchors for steam dredge nnd pur.t«, £29 I3» 0 1. Brown and llamsden, fur w-ich house Rich mond, £398. Ltiuglaiitls and Co. for iron beds'eada for Luna',.c Astlum, £49. \V. Botler, for Convey ince of S ares to th.- Cape Ol way Light bouse, £100. Extensive Horuery. — A few n'ghts since, shortly after twelve o'clock, the prem ises of Mr Brentani, Jeweller, of Collins- stre. t, wtre plundered of eleven silver watches, a va.uable gold watch, and fifty- nine hrea-t-pins. Tlie thieves cut out a panel of one of the shutters, and were thus enabled to reach the property whirh was placid in the window. Mr Brentani was aroused by tlie noise n ail' hi the thines, and pursue I three so u-idiel. who took to their heels, so f..r as Little B unke-street. but although hesh ul-d " stop thief" at the tup of iiis voice, nothing in the shape of a con. t .hie made his apparai.ee, and up to t lie p-esnti time the thieves have eluded de tection. The cushion in whirh die pint wee pinoeil. nnd tuk'n awny with lite rest of the ariicle", was snhseqoen ly found at die rear of the Post Oiilre. The Irish Exiles.— By our V. D. Land files we obst rve that an application was about being made to the Supreme Court in banco for a rt of habeas corpus on behalf of Mr M'Manus, to try the legality of his sentence of three months impri-onmcnl for a breach of the piisoner regulations of the colony, A 'Striking' Contrast — Scarcely r dny paisss withou' iatell:geiic« reaching us of the j iu neyrit'ti n't. (lied to soma trade having struck for Itigh'r wages or some ad ditional indulgence. Wo are peifrctly as toundeil st th' want of spirit displayed hy the employers of lihour, u-liu lun.uly submit tn any outrageous d- maids which u.ny be made upon diem, w ithout making the small est effort to guard against such a contin gency f r the future. Having been at sou e Jrouhle to ascertain thu relative scale of Wages hpip nod |n tho mo'lier cogutry, we ftre pi ffepdy ss'l-fiad ilpit an intelligent agent sent Lorn Victoria to the mo h r- country rouhl readily iiiceco' in la' diug upon that' thorn, within ten mo tin of his departure upon his iiilti nn, a body of fne efficient, a'ul respectable mechanics of wrry class, hound under written engagement fur a period of years, at rates little inure than half tiicso 11 >w Citrfcnt ; a'ld tly a not only would the pressure on the labour market lie j relieved, hut bust of Van D'einena Land expirees, who are now employed pur-ly bum snb-titutes not he:rg obtainable, would he j deterred fr >m exercising their rontaninating I Influonc Iq the CJIty. and be furcwd by stern j nsotmliy to seek a livelihood Iu the InUrlor, Mr La Trobe will proceed to Sydney by the next Shamrock to receive his com mission. The Mystic Tye. -We hear that the " order" purpose building a Hall and Hotel, The cost of the building is to he about £4000 and the fund tBto be raised by shares. 1 Fatal.— a carrier named Ned Crocket was recently killed near Mount Gambier by his dtay passing over his head. Summary Ejectment.— a warrant under Mr Brewster's Summary Ejectment Act hat been obtained by Mr T. B. Alexander, against Mr j.w. Thurlow, Solicitor of Port land, formally of Melbourne. £3" Slates. Slates.— Stubbs and Son beg to call tho attention of Builders, Contractors, (to., to their sale this dny, at 12 o'clock, on tho Queen's Wharf, of 10,000 Bangor Countess Slates, ex Slains t Castle. At 11 o'oloclc, at their Mart, superior ' Golden Sherry, Doable Stout, and Devonshire Cider 