AWFUL CONFLAGRATION IN PORT PHILLIP. One of the most awful fires-awful in its conse quences to life as well as property--has just taken place ,.in the beautiful district of Port Phillip. From - the accounts of the disaster which have reached us, it appears that almost at one and the same time the whole country.--was enveloped in flame. Several human creatures fell sacrifices to the devouring element, and the destruction of pro- perty was immense. Men, women, and children, were unable to avoid the progress of the fire and sank beneath its stifling influence ere it reached them. Sheep, cattle, buildings, and grain were swept from the face of the earth in every direction. The extent of country over which this fearful visi- tation ranged is not the least remarkable feature of the lamentable occurrence. Taking Melbourne as the imaginary centre of the disaster, the fire burnt around it to the Goulburn River on the north, the Plenty on the east, Portland Bay (or the Grange) on the west, and Dandenong on the South. It would be impossible to form anything like an esti mate of the value of the property destroyed but the actual destruction is not the only loss the colo nists will suffer. The grass of the district has been almost entirely cut off; and the consequence will be that the stock must perish. The subjoined accounts are gathered from the Melbourne papers. After the sun had gone down on the 6th, a fearful glare might have been observed in the S.S.E. From the appearance of the sky and the occasional brilliant bursts of light that were per- ceptible, one might have been almost led to ima- gine that it had been some one of the numerous residences in the vicinity of the Botanic Gardens that had taken fire. It, was, however, much far ther distant, being the glare from the burning bush around Dandenong, the whole of that portion of the country being in flames. Preparations had been made for holding races at Dandenong on that day, but the flames drove the sportsmen from the course, over which they passed. In the neighourhood of Western Port it is reported that nearly the only house left standing is the inn at Dandenong The following letter received on Saturday from Western Port, will give some idea of the destruction caused in that neiglebourhood: "Mr. Henry had his dairy, butter, and other property destroyed. Mr. Maxwell had everything that belonged to him destroyed, his family was in the bush all the fol- lowing night, and his youngest child's life was pre served by his carrying water in his hat put round with mud; they are now under the hospitable roof of Mr. Lecky, who escaped with much exertion and perseverance. Feehan has everything that be longed to him destroyed, except a spring cart, and narrowly escaped with his life. Mr. Gardner's loss has been but trifling. Mr. Bowman escaped with little scathe, and can accommodate Feehan's family. Mr. O'Shea's house is saved, but some of the family got severely burnt. Poor Mr. Bathe was from home. No one was on the place but a woman and boy. When she saw the place was in danger she opened the stable door to let out Sorcerer, but it proved to do harm instead of good, for a favourite horse of Mr. Bathe's rushed into the stable behind the entire horse, and both perished. There is not a single post left standing on the place, except one side of the stockyard. A woman and boy were in the bush all night, and were found yesterday by Mr. W. Burk in a very exhausted state. I saw them last night at Mr. Waddell's, and they were well recovered. Mr. Burk lost everything that was on the farm, and had much difficulty in preserving the stable and public- house; his face and eyes are much burnt. The schoolhouse with nineteen chil- dren and teacher in it was saved at the risk of life. I might go on from one place to another and de describe what I have heard, but I write only what I have seen. I might mention that pigs and dogs running loose were burned to death-birds were dropping down off the trees before the fire in all directions-oppossums, kangaroos, and all sorts of beasts can be had to-day ready roasted all over the bush. Fully one- half of the timber in this neigh- bourhood has been burned or blown down, and all the grass has been burnt." On the Plenty also, an almost inconceivable amount of damage has been done. We mentioned that some ten or twelve farms had been destroyed but this is very far from approaching the actual destruction caused, since it is said that more than a hundred families have been thrown by the devour- ing element houseless upon the world. The pro- perty of Mr. Wills, and a vast amount of wheat estimated at 20,000 bushels has been burnt; the property of Mr. Harlin, and several others of the Upper Plenty, has also suffered very seriously, and so fatal has it been on Mr. Wills's estate, that only one of his tenants (Mr. Johnston) by good fortune escaped. A shepherd on Dr. Ronald's station saved his family, self, and sheep, by hastily getting on to some ground previously burnt. On the Monee Ponds the fire has been equally destructive; it has ravaged the properties of Mr. Hunter, Mr. Green, and Mr. Young, late of the Harvest Home, whose crops of hay, &c.;, valued at £1,100 have been tutally destroyed. At the Deep Creek also, much damage has been done to the fencing in many places, and the houses and farm yards were saved by a deal of extraordinary exertions. Messrs. Williamson aid Blow of Pentland Hills have had their station completely destroyed, house, furniture, every stitch of clothing, except what was in actual use ; library, &c;, &c.; The loss in large items alone is estimated at £850, and worse again thev fear the loss of two flocks of sheep into the bargain. The "Portland Herald" gives the following as some of the damage done in that district prior to the 3rd instant, and we almost dread to receive the accounts of the devastation that must have been caused by the burning gale of Thursday last. It says-" Mr. Hector McDonald, Smoky River, has got all his hay and oats burnt." His partner, Mr. McKenze, of the Britannia Inn, Portland, has got his cottage, a first-rate cart, with a complete set of horse-harness, burnt to ashes. Mr. Curtin, at the Water Holes, has lost all his wheat, oats, hay, and a great part of his fencing by a bush fire Mr. Pearson has had his hay burnt, not one straw of which has been saved. Mr. Neil Black, Glen Or- miston station, has lost a most excellent flock of sheep by a bush fire. Mr. Donald McKinnon, New Country, has got his woolshed burned to the ground -fortunately the wool was saved." We come next to the Geelong District:- On the Barabool hills, the house barns, stables, &c;, seven buildings in all, belonging to Mr. Holmes, with all his stacks and fences were utterly destroyed. It was at this point that the fire crossed the river. Mr. Bennett's stacks and fences were destroyed, as also those of Mr. Heard. Mr. Fisher's house was saved, the whole of his crops destroyed. Mr. Tho- mas lost his house, stacks, fences, and implements, including a very valuable thrashing machine. On Mrs Wilson's farm everything is destroyed, but the report of her death, prevalent yesterday, is incor- rect. She is living in the house of her neighbour, Mr. Leigh, one of the few of those premises escaped destruction. Mr. Michael Holian has had every thing destroyed except one small hut. Mr. Piper had his stone house destroyed, but succeeded in saving one stack. Mr. Furlong's stack and fences are burnt ; Mrs. Furlong was severely burnt, and the injuries may be fatal. Nr. Money's house escaped destruction on Thursday, but took fire yesterday aft- ternoon, and was totally consumed. A Mr. Hopper's on the Waurn Ponds, the house, barns, stacks, fences and implements, were all destroyed, and three lives lost. The particulars of the inquest will be found in another column. At Mr. Simmons's everything is lost, as is also the case at Mrs. Powell's. Mr. Dewing with other losses had a newly erected fence burnt. But we cannot even enumerate the names of all the sufferers. We do not yet know the half of them. We have had no precise information about the vineyards, It is reported that Belperone's is partially destroyed. Petavel's is safe On the Corio side of the Marabool, the conflagration seized Mr. Costigan's farm, swept over the heights, and passed through Mr. McLean's paddock, without inflicting farther injury than destroying the grass, and throw- iug out a black tongue that licked the little herbage visible. From the range overlooking Costigan's, and the neighbouring farms, the scene was dismal. in the extreme--burnt black, the charred embers steamed heavily from the recent rains-the chimney stack upright, was the only object visible. The solitary remnant of house, huts, barns, and farm produce. Mr. Wallace's house is burnt to the ground, together with his farming implements, seven hundred bushels of corn, and several fences : his losses are estimated at £800. Mr. Jacks has suf- fered little if any. Costigan has lost a barn, five ricks of oats, one rick of barley, one rick of hay containing sixty tons, one rick of wheat, farming im- plements, a winnowing machine, dray and tarpaulin beds and clothes of every description are utterly gone, and the flames still linger on the banks of the creek which we crossed at Costigan's over to McCarty's. The desolation we had already witnessed somewhat prepared us for the sight we encountered. Three dwelling-houses had gone down in the fire, which raged here with unparallelled violence; a few cinders and charred rafters marked thie spot where a barn had stood; the irons of three ploughs lay in the ashes at another place, alongside the ironwork of a winnowing machine, half buried in the ashes of six hundred bushels of wheat in chaff, and the same quantity in rick. There were the roasted carcases of four calves tethered, and pigs fattened, burst by the flames; forty dairy pigs perished, and were lying about in every direction, and more than half that number severely injured; six large ones lay in one heap along the Marrabool. One hundred and fifty fowls were destroyed. Forty tons of hay, the whole of the fencing, the dairy is utteryly gone, and butter to the worth of £70 spoiled, and dairy utensils to the value of £50. Seven hundred pounds worth have been destroyed. With the houses and huts perished the whole of their furniture and appa- rel - one pair of boots and a shirt being all that was saved.-The stockyard was burned, and the cows frightened off by the flames, have fled. Mrs. Murphy, living on the farm, had a narrow escape; she was obliged to fly with her two children, and take refuge in the river, and so close were the flames upon her that the hut was in a blaze before she left it. The poor woman had only been confined a fort- night. Mrs. Mullins living on a neiglhbouring farm plunged into the creek with four of her children for safety. Connor's farm, produce, and implements are utterly destroyed. On Robinson's farm, four thousand bushels of wheat, and one thousand bushels of oats, together with everything of value. From Costigan's up to Robinson's, this point presented nothing but black desolation. From the high range above, far as the eye could reach, the scene looked as though it had been swept by the wing of the destroying angel. The following is a brief summary of the other losses on the west-side of the Marrabool :-Mr. Kimber, crops and fence destroyed; Mr. Paget, barn, pigs, wheat, flour, &c.;, being a cripple he was carried out on his wife's back ; Mr. Armstrong burnt out, stock and furniture; Messrs. Reby totally burnt out; Mr. Lynch, house, crops, and everthing des troyed; Mr. Mullins, burnt out; Mr. Manning, hay stack fence, &c.;, destroyed; Mr. Reynolds, house and everything destroyed. At Ingliston, several thousand sheep, and pro- perty to the value of some thousands of pounds is reported to have been destroyed. From the Grange, a report has been received that on Friday the 21st ult.; 2000 of Mr. Moffatt's sheep have been destroyed by a bush-fire. Messrs. Grey and Marr, adjoining Kennedy Brothers, have lost 3000 sheep by bush-fires, also Mr. Ritchie, near Mount Napier, has got all his crops destroyed \--his paddock fence, is likewise burned to the ground. The driver of the Portland mail says, that as he was passing the Bell Post Hill, on Thursday, he saw one of the largest mobs of horses he ever met with in the colony. The creatures were galloping with the wind in the direction of the Barrabool Hills. They numbered he says upwards of eight hundred, and he supposes they had been driven off their runs by the bush fires. The following are the reports of the inquests held on the bodies of those who perished during this fearful conflagration. The verdicts were "accidentally burnt by the extension of a bush fire." On Saturday evening considerable interest was created at Collingwood, by the holding of the in- quest upon Mrs. McLelland and her five children, who, as we stated in our previous number, had fallen victims to the fire which took place on Thurs- day last, at the Plenty. Arrangements had been made by which it was hoped the coroner would be enabled to hold the inquest at one o'clock at the Traveller's Rest. The bodies of the victims, how- ever,did not arrive till about nine o'clock, the cor- oner having been in attendance during the eight hours, manifesting a strong desire to relieve as quickly as possible the excitement which existed in deference to the sad occurrence, and to afford every facility for the transmission to their mother earth of the unfortunates whose melancholy fates had created so much sensation. The jury were com- pelled to go through the form of viewing the bodies, which presented a frightful spectacle-the mother and her offspring ranging apparently in age from one to eight years, being literally scorched to a cinder. Alexander Miller, shepherd in the employ of George McLelland, a settler on the Dia- mond Creek, deposed-I have been for three weeks in the employment of Mr. McLelland. There have been fires about Mr. McLelland's place for a week previously to Thursday last. The fires were in the direction of the mountains. I saw the fire approach on Thursday last as I was taking the sheep about mid-day. I observed the fire approach rapidly towards his station, and immediately turned the sheep to bring them home out of the reach of the fire. When I got home I saw all the home station on fire. I "cooed," but could get no an swer from any of them. I then tried to make the hut, but could not on account of the fire. The fire was then close on me, and as I could not get the sheep to move I was obliged in order to save my own life to get away. I got into the creek and stopped there till dark. I then came to the hut and saw no one there: it was burnt to the ground. I went to the creek where we had been in the habit of dipping water, and I there saw my master in the creek up to his neck. I asked him where the misses and the children were, and he told me they were all dead. I then took him out of the creek, and he and I lay by the side of the creek till day light. In the morning the husband wanted to go and see the bodies of his wife and children, but I persuaded him not to, and to come to Dr. Ronald's station with me, about three miles distant from our own. We went together, and I there left Mr. McLelland. We then went to the Bridge Inn at the Plenty, and directed the parties there to send information to town of what had happened. I pro- cured there a conveyance, a team of bullocks and a dray, to remove the bodies, and returned to the sta tion with it. I there saw the bodies where they were first found, the six bodies which have been just brought in; they had never been removed. The bodies were all lying upon their faces; the mother and her four children were lying about twenty yards from the hut, and the oldest boy was lying about fifteen yards from the hut, but in an other direction. The bodies were then black and burnt as they now are. The youngest child's legs were nearly burnt to a coal. Life was quite gone in the whole. I assisted in putting the deceased persons into the dray in whlich they were conveyed into town. The clothes were entirely burnt off them, in fact the bodies were stark naked. MClelland told me he had tried to save his family but could not, and that he had tried to save his eldest boy but could carry him no further, and the boy desired him to leave him and save himself. McClelland said the boy desired him to lay him down and run to the creek himself, and McClelland added that when he saw the boy's head hang over his shoulder he left him. McClelland was much scorched himself, but said that he did not attempt to save any one but his eldest son. Inquest on the body of James Bowman. From the evidence of Mr. Leonard Hopper, farmer, Barra bool Hills, it appeared that deceased-who was in the employ of Mr. Russell-had been assisting to extinguish the fire, and having disappeared, a search was made for him, and his body was found burned to a cinder, in the same track that the men followed to escape the fire. This evidence being confirmed by John Burrows, the jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally burned while endeavouring to escape the conflagation." Inquest on the body of Mr. Stephen Hopper. The brother of deceased, Mr. Leonard Hopper de- posed that while burning the stubble with the view of cutting off the fire, and the wind shifted unfa- vourably, and brought the flames to them. Witness then said further effort was useless; and every man ran from the flames. The deceased took a different direction from the others, and in few minutes after wards his body was found so burned and disfigured as scarcely to be recognizable. John Burrows con firmed the above statement, and a similar verdict was then returned as on the previous case. Inquest on Phoebe Horlop. Mrs. Hopper, the wife of Leonard Hopper, seated that when she saw fire coming up the hill, she gave her children to the care of Sarah Horlop, the mother of the deceased. Some one calling out for water, Sarah Horlop went to fetch it, and while she was gone the fire came raging up. Witness took her own children and Sarah Horlop's with her, and ran with them to a secure place; on reaching, she looked to see whom she had with her, and then missed Phœbe Horlop, the deceased. William Horlop, labourer, father of the deceased, went with Hay in search of his child. He found her body in the paddock, and on taking her up in his arms found that she was dead. A verdict similar to the preceeding ones was then returned by the Jury. 