WAGGA WAGGA. THE Goulburn Herald says-We are in a truly awfnl state from want of rain : we have not had any for the last ten or eleven months, if we ma}y except a thunderstorm some months ago, which was very local and of short duration. ['he little stock left on the river, are in too low a condition to be removed, and unless Providence bless us with rain speedily, they must perish. Fortu nately we have no infectious oi contagious dis ease amongst the sheep or cattle here. The large grazing part of this district known by the name of Billybong, has been entirely abandoned by the settlers from want of water; and we are sorry to say that one gentleman in removing his sheep towards the MuIrrumbidgee, was compelled to leave them and his drays in the bush, the bullocks having all died, and push on with his party to the Murrumbidgee, in order to procure wates. They reached it in an almost exhaustel state; and on returning to search for the sheep, a few days afterwards, they found nearly 4000 perished! Hundreds of horses and cattle sme lyin_ dead in the river and water-holes adjoin ing it. In the township everything is very dear, no carrier will face the road where starvation for his cattle is before him, although large sums have been offered for the cartage of goods to supply thi stores. Public-house and store-keeping are now at a great discount; they were thought in this place to be monopolized, but the contrary is the case. Crime is much suppressed in this district since the establishment of a police force. We can now boast of having the most efficient men that have come under our notice in any district that we have visited. We cannot conclude without no ticing the willingness and energy with which the squatters forward the exertions of the police; they are always ready to assist the constabulary with fresh horses when in pursuit of depredators Hay is £25 per ton, and none to be purchased at that price ;-pardon the Paddyism. MiN?SRALs.-Tho Goulburn Herald states that on a tract of land recently purchased in the neighbourhood of Yeas, a rich mine of copper ore has been discovered. Two samples have been tested, one of which contained 42 per cent., and tihe other 51 per cent., of metal. ALARslso NEws.-A gentleman lately arrived from Maneroo informs us, that a fierce bush-fire was raging on the Gipps Land side of the Snowy riser, evidently making its way towards the:pas tures of the Maneroo country. Burnt leaves and pieces of bark have been picked up at a distance of thirty miles from the front line of the confla gration. The grass in this part of the country is very long and should the fire once take hold of it the most disastrous consequences must follow. Goulburn Herald. 