FRIDAY 3MORNING, FEBRUARY 14. TILEI CONFLAGIRATION COLLECTION. T'Ir Relief Fund Committee having marked off the town into collcting divishions, the the gentlemen who have underthken the pleasing,. thounghn lborums task, of gathering contribu tions, have begun to wait upon the inhabitants generally, to receive additions to the sabscrip tion -li?: From the spirit which has been alue: .v exhibited, we are sure that they will be, as od4h have already been, cordially received, and 4tb-fll will contribute, according to the respective ability of each. .As was trul and well said at the meeting of t'oesdav, i1 is a case in whch we rre all interested. We do not liko to bring down matter fr.-, the high ground of Christian charity, and that Svympathy which all bearing the name of man ouglht to feel for thosae on whom so great a cabuirit has fallen. Buit toting it on the very lowest ground of mere self interest, tio all have a material co::cern in seeing thb. sufelrers reinstated in their position, so that they i:ay once more resu me tl:hose indlustrial purinits which will asigain render tihe ruined di. trict a--cheerful scene of plenty and content. And rising from that view of it, we ou,,'t to regard our contributions as a grateful tLank otlering for our own mreeciful preservation, for it is quite within the rane, not merely of possi bili't, bu?t.probability, t?h.it Geeloug itself might have been involved in the contlgaration. of that remarkable d a tion respecting the coinlagration whicl we daily recesve, theo noro are swe convinced that it wao recei, the, meo hrnin was not mi-ht all have been involved in it, anl this rsinig and thriving town anl district have beer rendedro prostrate, for a time at, least. in Port land, aceording to the Guardian, the towin was in great langer; and though Getloung is some what more isolated, and we may e m?ider that, therefore, we were beyond the rteach of the lre. still a fibw moments' reflection will satisfy us that we wero by no means free from peril. The peculiarity of the phenomena of Thursday, was the extraordinary violence of the hot blast by which the conflagration was kindled. Had the hurricane continued to blow during Thursday night with the same violence as during the day, the conflagration might have approached closer to the suburbs, and we night have been exposed to the fiery projectiles which were swept through the air, and which carried devastation to stations and homesteads that were thought to be secure. The violence of the wind, the intensity, breadth, and volume of the fire, the combustible condition of grass, trees, fences, train, huts, and houses, formed a combination that baffled both calcula- tion and means of resistence; and had the fire reached Ashby, we could not have reckoned on the safety of Geelong. As it is, no such peril has been encountered, but the very idea of it is enough to make us feel that we shared a conummon danger, and our cotttributiots for the relief of t.he suflbirers should thereforeo he regarded as grateful thanl:-ofleriit for muereifld preservation, us avell?siLan exlpres:iou of generous sympathy with those who have unot only lost their Iiroperty, but in' manny inetances have been deprived of the very means of ohtaining a living. Considerinig the way in whichl the subscription list has has hbeen filling ui,, it may seem alhnost lil:o a graiuitous insult to the town and district to suppose that the inhabitants generally requnire any stmuilus to induce them to imitate the noble exatjdlo which has been shown them. Blut we aire - anxious that Geelong should exhibit itself capable of a great and generous effort, and for the sake of the town and disti et, we are desirous of seeing the Relief Fund not only large, but i iauneidiate operation. To descend again to the lower vies of the matter, the monor will all come back to is. It will be expoilued'-in labour and materials, and is restor ing the distriAt to its formuereondition-a matter of no small importance in connexion with our future progress. Although hush fires are ordi nnrii occurretices with us, we have no reason to suppose -that a similar combinatin of phenlo mena will iemquentlv occur, ias that by which the present, calanuity hits been produced. We hope that the sultbrers who apply for asosistance to the Relief .Fund will be as conside rate as their fellow-colonists are gencrous. It is umg-racious to insinuate anything to those who are striving to bear up against a heavy weilght of affliction ; lint still eo think it our duty to express a hope that there will be no uinlue pressini of claims, no exaggeration of particular losses, andl that the collection and di.strihutiou of the Relief Fund will be ualike honorable to the donors atmd the recipients. 