^legislative Council. Wednesday, list May, 1851. We were not piesent during this sitting, and abridge the report of the Perth Oazette. Members abeent — Acting Colonial Secretary, Collector of Revenue, and Mr. T. Brown. Mr. Clifton would address the Council on two subjects, the first being the addition to the Go vernor's salary. Was sorry the Governor would }iot accede to the unanimous wish of the Coun cil, and thought he ought to consult the wishes of the people; although he believed that two thirds or three-fourths of the population would agree that he should have the increase. Con sidered that His Excellency had acted unconsti tutionally by refusing it. The Council was so constituted that it might carry out any resolu tions, without referring to public opinion. He J urged His Excellency to retract his declaration. ? Mr. Samson argued the paper did not express public opinion ; he alluded to the paper of that morning. No meeting had been called to re quest the Governor not to receive increased pay. Several respectable parties, though not of high station, had stated that the Governor ought to have a larger salary. The greater part of the colony would express the same opinion. Hoped the Governor would accept the salary. The Governor was in a painful position : he must adhere to his word ; yet it only applied to the amount for 1852. He bad been led into error. The Press was beneath contempt. His speech was tolerably correct as reported in that morning's paper, but it did not say that ' the colonists did not hold the birthright of Britons — they came from the workhouse to prosper in the colony.' He said, ' that many of those who made the most clamour, if he was rightly in* formed, had left the workhouse to come here, and that it would be better if they attended to their business than be exciting violent commo tions among the community.' He did not wish to insult any one, however humble. They had not lost the birthright of Britons with their change of position. Mr. Clifton (hen moved, and Mr. Samson seconded, the following resolution :— ' That it is the opinion of this Council that His Excel lency the Governor, in declaring that he will not receive the sum voted by the Council as additional salary to the Governor end Cominao'ler-in-Chiff of this colony, and thereby not carry into effect an ordinance duly passed, un less he receives* some demonstration of the public wish that he should do bo, has adopted an unconstitutional course — in principle derogatory to the legislative character of the Council, and, if acted upon, dangerous to the interest* of the public service.' Mr. Mackie inquired if the general nature of the occasion would warrant the language made use of. Query — Could not any public officer decline to accept any sum voted to him by the Legislative Council without acting unconstitu tionally ? His Excellency had not done any thing in opposition to the Ordinance. Mr. Clifton said it was the principle which was in volved by His Excellency's declaration ; a power was invoked which the Council could not recog nise. He considered that a most dangerous principle — one derogatory to the character of the Council, not to act up to the ordinance until it was approved by the public. After some discussion as to the wording of the resolution, the following was adopted r — 'That this Council greatly regret that His Excellency the Governor should have declared that he will not receive, in tlie year 1822, the sum voted as additional salary for (lie Governor aud Cummander-in-Chief of this territory, until he received some demonstration of the public opinion upon the subject ; which declaration involves a principle affect ing the legislative character and powers of this Council, and which, if cenerallv acted unon. miarht beattended wiih consequences highly detrimental to the public service.' Mr. Clifton's second subject was the Press. The papers had libelled the Government and Council. He would move a resolution wiih regard to the Inquirer of the 7th and the Perth Gazette of the 9th instant. Mr. Mackie interrupted Mr. Clifton by ob serving that if what he was about to move had any reference to a prosecution for libel, he could not, on account of his office, be present, and then reiired. Mr. Clifton said that the papers had not since retracted. The Council should not allow the papers to attack the Government. The papers should be referred to the Advocate-General for him to report whether they were not calculated to bring the Government into contempt. Mr. Samson did not agree wiih Mr. Clifton. The papers should be treated with contempt. They had been abusive, and attacked private parties. His Excellency would lower himself by taking any notice of the paper or placard. [The hon. member here instituted a comparison be tween the prices of the Times and the Inquirer, and misquoted the price of each. He also said that the latter publication was dirty]. The Advocate- General said that prosecutions against the Press did no good ; they were not popular in England, and only resorted to as a last extremity. A prosecution would only serve to keep up public excitement. Mr. Clifton did not move for a prosecution, but only a reference to the Advocate-General. The Council ought not to be abused without some notice being taken of it. The Advocate-General observed that no doubt the papers in question contained libellous mat ter, but that, after all, it would be left to a jury of twelve to decide, who might not consider it to be libellous. He was of opinion that the Go vernment had not been lowered in public opinion, as was instanced by the quiet which had reigned after the attempt to excite popular clamour. Mr. Clifton said that Mr. T. Brown agreed with him in the matter. Colonel Irwin and the Surveyor-General dis approved of the prosecution ; it would be making . martyrs of the editors. The Governor was glad the Council agreed with him, that the Press was beneath contempt. That day's paper was contemptible. He would mention two instances of misrepresentation — the one relative to a drunken bullock-driver, whom he had seen at Crane's, who, with a dray and six bullocks, afterwards tumbled into the river. He afterwards saw it stated in the paper that the accident happened through the rails of the bridge being fastened with a rope-yarn only. The other, a notorious drunkard named Bailey, who came to Government House drunk ; and he (the Governor) shortly afterwards saw a letter in the Inquirer from this man, reflecting upon the Government; and when the Colonial Secretary aeked the Editor how he could insert a letter from such a man, he told him if he wished to make any remarks upon it, he had better write him a letter; as if the Government had nothing else to do than to write letters to the papers. He considered the Press did incalculable evil, but he was convinced that prosecutions did no good. He trusted this would be the last time that he should ever be provoked to notice the papers in any way whatsoever. Estimates read a third time. Council ad journed to Friday. Friday, May 23. Present — All the members, except the Col lector of Revenue and Mr. T. Brown. When we arrived, the Council were in com mittee upon the second reading of the Building Bill. The following alterations were adopted : — 3rd clause — Lime mortar to be used in the con struction of walls of first and second class build ings. Clause 8 — Penalty not exceeding £20. Mr. Samson thought that notice need not be given to the supervisor until the walls had been raised to a certain height, when, if they were not buik according to the directions of the Act, they might be pulled down. The supervisor might be a meddling and officious person, who would cause unnecessary trouble and announce to the townspeople. This objection was overruled. Clause 14. — The Governor proposed to ex* tend the time when this clause should come into effect, to 1870. The Commandant's house was thatched, and might last longer than 1862; it would be hard to make him unthatch his house and put on a fresh roof. Mr. Maikie opposed any extension of time. He thought the year 1862 too long. The Governor — Well, you are a party con cerned ; choose for yourself. Mr. Mackie, however, did not appear to con sider his own interests, but persisted in his opposition, and the clause remained unaltered. Mr. Samson opposed any permission being given to repair thatched buildings which may be in existence after the passing of the Act. Mr. Sherwood tenanted some rickctty thatched build ings nearly opposite his (Mr. Samson's) house; if they were allowed to be repaired, it would be only continuing the nuisance. He merely gave this as a case in point, without intending to be personal. The Governor thought it hard that people could not insure their dwellings, owing to their being contiguous to a thatched building. Mr Mackie considered that this clause would weigh heavily upon those who resided in the out skirts of the town. The Advocate General observed that houses thus thatched were now in danger of bush-fires. The Governor said that the labourer could now build his house with a shingled roof as cheap as he could formerly with a thatched one. The Surveyor-General slated that the clause, as it then stood, would prevent those who had commenced thatching at the time of the passing of the Act, from completing their work. Mr. Mackie thought it would he easy to allow a month, or any given time, for such completion. He also observed that this Ordinance would affect the dwellings of the aborigines. It was finally resolved that the words ' not being already (hatched or preparing for thatch ing' should be inserted, to protect those who might have commenced operations. The penalty was fixed at £5 Third reading fixed for Tuesday. 