PORT PHILLIP. (From papers received yesterday.) HORRIBLE DEATH.-The LATE BUSH FIRES.-On Saturday an inquest was held at the St. George and Dragon, Lonsdale- street, I befare W. B. Wilmot, Esq., J. P., coroner for the district, upon the body of a poor fellow I named Edward Dodswell, one of the many I sufferers in purse and person by the late de- structive bush fires. The body, which was lying in the dead-house of the Melbourne Hospital, presented a frightful spectacle, so much so that several of the jurors nearly fainted whilst performing that most unplea- sant operation, viewing the body. The fol- lowing evidence was adduced :-John Small wood, carrier, residing at Yass, in the middle district, deposed-The deceased was my mate and travelled with me ; myself and mate went to the Plenty about five weeks since to get our bullocks up a little with the feed ; whilst we were staying on the Plenty river at its head, the fires came down upon us from the mountain ; in a short time we were in the midst of the fire; the deceased then ran to the creek and plunged into it; I ran through the creek to a mountain at the back ; I then searched for the deceased, and my wife, who was in company with him during the remain- der of the day, and on the following morning I met with them at Mr. Patten's place on the Plenty ; deceased was very much burnt about the back and arms ; I procured a doctor for him at once, who attended him there for a week, when I brought him to the Melbourne Hospital, where he continued until his death, which took place this morning. Mr. James Stone, house apothecary at the Melbourne Hospital, deposed-Deceased was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital on the 13th Fe- bruary instant ; he was severely burnt about the back and arms, and also about the chest ; he has wandered much in his mind since be- ing in the hospital, but had been occasionally collected ; he has lingered on until this morn- ing, when he expired ; the death in this in- stance was from the effect of the burns. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Melbourne Daily News, Feb. 25. THE AUSTRALASIAN LEAGUE. - Very general dissatisfaction has been ex- pressed nt the /esult of the election for the Council of N.ine, which we published in our previous issue. It was reasonably anticipated that all classes,'creeds and countries would have been fairly represented by the elected members, but a glance nt the names will shew that this is not the case, and we venture con- fidently to predict tint there will be a woeful falling off ia the subscriptions in conse- quence.-Ibid. THE IRISH REBELS.-We look with con- siderable interest to our next arrivals from V. D. Land, which will probably bring us the result of the following application-'In the matter of Terence Bellew M'Manns,-T, J. Knight, E-q, barrister-at-law, assisted by Messers. Midwood and Broadribb, solicitors, moved the court for a writ of habeas corpus, to bring the body of Mr. M'Manus up from Port Arthur to be produced in .the Supreme Court for the purpose of trying the legality of the late sentence paonounced on him by the local Government, for an nlledge breach of the convict regulations. The application was grounded on the affidavits of Messrs. Douglas, Broadribb, and Dease, nnd the mo- tion wns-that Mr. M'Manus be brought be- fore the Court by a writ of habeas corpus on the following grounds :-1st, that Port Arthur being a highly penal station, there was no authority to cofine him there, assum- ing that the Government had a right to de- tain him on the Island; 2nd, no authority ex- ists to keep Irish State prisoners to hard la- bour in this colony. The services of the con- victs being vested in the Lieut.-Governor, this fact docs not make them SLAVES. There must be some restraiut to the Governor's power in this respect, Mr. M'Manns being n ticket-of-leave holder had permission to follow his business in the Island, unless he com- mitted a breach of the regulations by attempt- ing to leave the colony. 3rd, The power ex- ercised by the Government was inconsistent with the privileges conferred on ticket-of-leave holders. Finnlly, Mr. M'Manus had been previously tried by the magistrates, ad- monished, and discharged. Their Honors granted the writ of habeas corpus, which is directed to the Superintendent of the punish- ment gnug at Port Arthur. The writ has been made returnable immediately, so thnt this important question will now be tried in open Court."-Ibid. 