SKETCHES OF THE PRESENT STATE OF SOUTH AUSTRALIA. No. XII. — Valley of the Hindmarsh. Dec. 19.— 'Itwould be difficult to find a more fertile and smiling tract of country in this province than the Valley of the Hindmarsh.' This we said on reaching this beautiful spot vesterdav. We visited it on ioot, as the road from tne Day, mougn Dy no means so indifferent as some which we have lately passed, is heavy and sandy. The valley is also accessible by the sea-shore along the north bank of the river, but we went to it by the iuland road, along the flat of Encounffr Bay, and returned by the beach, after a walk of full 16 mile3, tracking the valley downwards. The morning was hot, and Belzebub's legions, the flies, were particularly annoying ; not the common honest musca, but the irritating and tenacious stomoxys it so much resembles, and which, like a bull dog, will sometimes retain its hold till severed by death or violence. The wood wound along a very sandy tract for some distance, and the glare it produced on the eye was not softened for more than a mile by any thing like verdure ; the whole scrub on both sides of the road, thickly intersected with young thriving wattles, having been recently burnt by an extensive bush-fire, which had also destroyed some length of fence. The green leaves were scorched to an univer sal snuff-colour, and the stems and undergrowth were blackened masses. We came to the green again after a while, however, and found some lovely bota nical specimens which were new to iis ; among others, a beautiful lityle melaleuca, or dwarf bottlebush tree, and a few entomological prizes. After thread ing the windings of the road alongside its seq-entine twistings, we descended to cross the Inman, and re sume the line on the hill beyond, which we did after refreshing at the stream. It was here fresh and good, tasting only a little avomatically of the gum leaves or flowers. In a few more miles we came to the Hindmarsh, where we tasted again before we crossed. We noticed on our right one of the deepest water-worn gullies we had ever seen, running close by the road side, a perfect yawning chasm. We crossed the Hindmarsh into a most park-like meadow, if we may so term it, at the end of which was the farm of Mr. Wm. Clark on a section, one of several belonging to Mr. John Abel Smith, of London ; of this Mr. Clark cultivates 40 acres in corn and potatoes. He was reaping his wheat with the help of native blacks, upon terms much like those of Encounter Bay to white labourers : 12s. an acre was given without spirits of any kind, or beer. The work done per day was considered to average, by industrious hands, three quarters of an acre ; but Mr. Clark added that the blackfellows did the work as well as the whites, who were scarce there. His crop of wheat was ' White Lammas ; ' and as the valley is considered to be for less exposed to the drought than places hereabouts, or indeed in tlie whole district, or at any rate had not suttered as much as others of the crops had done from the unusually dry season, he expected his crop to yield 25 bushels to the acre : the ears were large and full, and the straw fine. The soil in this part of the valley was apparently a black rich, yet sandy loam, in some of the upper parts a reddish loam. Mr. Clark's potatoes looked well, and would, he said, on that spot have been as vigorous again had the plants had a little more rain, lie had some maize for his pigs and poultry, also looking quite healthy. At the head of the valley, the most prominent hill overlooking which is called Strangways Hill, are several sections, the property of a Mr. Hutchinson, residing in England, who has also other sections not very distant, altogether at least five, but not culti vated or occupied, as we understand, simply because there was no agent in the colony to deal with these lands. Mr. John Clark, up the valley, holds two sections of 80 acres each, half of which are culti vated ; he has a brick house with a stone back, and a garden of two acres, stocked with plenty of fruit trees in bearing. Mr. Watts Newland, the son of the Rev. Mr. Newland, is a considerable sheepfarmer here, and holds two fine sections ; Mr. Waddell has a preliminary section of 134 acres, but a small por tion of which, however, we believe, is cultivated ; Mr. Hull holds two 80-acrc sections, we believe under Captain Hindmarsh ; Mr. Basliam lias one oU-acre section, ot which, including a good garden, he cultivates 50 acres, mostly wheat. We traversed the valley from Mr. Clark's along a road the most level, sound, and well-defined, for nearly three miles, we have ever seen in the colony in such a locality, and through a park-like lightly-timbered plain of fine available but uncultivated land of the most cheerful character, the river bounding it on the right till it terminates in the slip-rail entrance of Mr. Browne's farm, occupied, we believe, by Mr. Budd. This is an 80-acre section, and harvest was most actively going on in a field of, we were in formed, 40 acres of red Lammas wheat. We did not see any blackfellows at work here. The wages to white labourers were stated to be at the same rate as in the upper part of the valley, viz., 12s. per acre, and no grog. The farmers reaping there told us that this crop was not move than one of moderate average, as it was scorched and blighted in a few spots-, though fine and heavy of ear in others. 'Mr. Browne's dwellings, two in number, with the out buildings, were all of wood. The land in this whole district appeared to be purchased, and was looked upon by the settlers as of better quality than that more immediately near Encounter Bay. Nearly 1,500 acres are appropriated, of which 400 are already cultivated, some foi the first season ; and all the available land might readily find pur chasers or tenants if the present owners of much of it could be communicated with for the purpose of sale or letting. We left Mr. Browne's enclosures, and descending to the mouth of the Hindmarsh, we returned to the Bay by the sands. At this particular juncture it occur to us that we ought to say a word or two on the inns, their com forts, and charges, so far as ours have been. One or two stages from Adelaide the inns partake, of course, in some degree of the comforts conferred upon tra vellers in many small matters easily procured and not unreasonably so at a town not far distant, and the value of which in an excursion of pleasure most people are willing to pay for accordingly. The or dinary inns have as yet no exclusive private sitting rooms like those at the Grace Darling, or not such as can with certainty be considered so. Accordingly the charges in such places as Brighton are rather higher — breakfast and tea being Is. 6d each, and dinners sometimes 2s. ; beds are also a little dearer. At Glenelg the charges are less, and beyond Brigh ton till after Willunga the charges for breakfast and tea are reduced to Is., and the dinner to Is. 6d., till at the ultima thule every meal is alike charged at Is. There has been no deficiency anywhere in good and sufficient ' provant.' Now and then vegetables are at a premium ; but good milk, bread and butter, very middling cheese, good tea (not always coffee), bacon, eggs, and mutton, may always be had, pork occa sionally, beef and veal rarely, but poultry when re quired is liberally supplied ; horse feed is 3s. for a day and night ; and at the remoter places you will miss the inflection separate chambermaid and boots. The beds are generally, good, nor have we been much annoyed by any, even the minuter blood, of entomo logical bloodsuckers, and but little dirt ; at any rate, not enough to justify the remark of Lord Chester field when his maid- servant told him ' that we must all eat a peck of dirt before we die,' he replied that ' such being the case, he did not see the necessity of eating it all at once.' Civility on the roads has been universal ; we have no instance to record to the contrary, and everywhere hitherto a kind desire has been evinced for being of every service which was thought to be needed. To the praise of bush hospi tality no eulogium of ours can add force ; and we know from good authority various occasions on which the sacrifice of family comfort has not prevented the exercise of this virtue. 