DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. FALSE REPORT - A report was circulated, yesterday, of a man having been stabbed in Elizabeth-street , but we have not been able to trace it to any authentic source. SUICIDE. - An inquest will be held to-day, on the body of an unfortunate man, who committed self-destruction by cutting his throat, at Will Will Rook, or Broadmeadows. The particulars of course, will be given in our report of the in- quest. EXPIREES. - We learn that the office of the Superitendent of Police, is besieged daily by ex- piree convicts from Van Diemen's Land, seeking admission into the Melbourne Police Force. "Set a thief to catch a thief", is an old saying, but its applicability in this case may very reasonably be doubted. VAGRANT. - On Saturday, at the Police Court Frances Hutson was sentenced to three months imprisonment as a vagrant, the Mayor telling her that he sent her there, because he had no other place to send her. SUNDAY SCHOOLS. - A treat to the children at- tending the Sunday School at St Kilda was very kindly given on Wednesday last, by the amiable lady of Octavius Brown, Esq. A large party of the children assembled to do justice to the festi- val, and a very cheerful and pleasant afternoon was spent by all concerned. ROBBERY IN A HOUSE OF ILL-FAME. - In a paragraph in our issue, of Saturday, a case in which one Patrick Lacey charged a female named Catherine Cain, with robbing him in a house of ill-fame off Bourke-street was, by an oversight of the compositor, stated to be remanded ; such however, was not the fact. The woman Shepherd was discharged, and Catherine Cain was fully committed to take her trial at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. DRUNKARDS. - At the Police Court on Satur- day, Mongor, a man of colour, was fined 10s. and William Groom, and Agnes Towsey, 5s. each, for being drunk ; Benjamin Tyler, charged with the same offence, was discharged ; James Mur- ray, charged with disturbing the piece, was sentenced to twenty-four hours' imprisonment. THE BENEVOLENT ASYLUM. - This building is now rapidly approaching completion, and will shortly be in a condition to be thrown open for the purposes for which it was erected. We won- der if our fair friends are aware that several of the rooms are of a size to make amiable ball rooms. Because if so, we would hint that the Queen's Birth Day is fast approaching, and that a public ball upon a wide and popular basis, fancy dress or otherwise, might with good man- agement be made the means of adding a few score of pounds to the funds of the institution. THE FRIENDLY BROTHERS. - The Treasurer of the Friendly Brothers Society, desires to acknow- ledge the receipt of the following sums : From the Fire Relief Committee, £40 , police fines for the City, £2 18s 4d ditto for the district, £2 10s 4d, a poundage fee from Mr Murphy of South Yarra, £1 10s, A. Browne, Esq., per Councillor Russell, £1 1s ; Mr. L. J. Michel, 5s ; Mr. Hull, J. P., 5s. Our New Governor. - The Mayor of Mel- bourne is an admirer of Mr. La Trobe ; and as his Honor is about to be translated into his Excel- lency, the new Mayor moved and carried, on Tuesday last, in the Melbourne Town Council, a congratulatory address to "our new governor," to be presented on his arrival. The Mayor, also on the previous evening, at the St George's din- ner (on Wednesday night,) proposed "The First Governor of Victoria" - Geelong Advertiser [His Worship is to be sincerely congratulated at being placed before the readers of our contempo- rary in so agreeable a light as that of "an ad- mirer of Mr La Trobe"- ED. A. ] GERMAN ENGLISH BRODERBUND. - Some of our German fellow colonists have it in contemplation to form a Society on the principal of the existing German Union ; but of which British as well as German colonists, may become members. The object is a praiseworthy one, and well calculated to give additional force to that fraternity so necessary between those who, though of different nations, have become members of the same com- munity. THE CATTLE MARKET. - This day, at noon the auctioneer of the Corporation will again offer the rents, tolls, and dues, of the Cattle Market, for one year, for sale. Surely some one will take pity on "the Mayor, Aldermen, and Councillors of the City of Melbourne," and bring them in for the trifle for which they are now offered ' Going, - £930 -going." The Police Court - His Worship the Mayor, disposed of the whole of the business at the Police Court, on Saturday, which occupied about a quarter of an hour. The Court was then adjourned for a quarter of an hour, in con- sequence of no second magistrate being present, and about an hour having elapsed with the same result, the Court was adjourned till this day. SCIENCE. - In reference to the disastrous drought of which we are hearing so much from all quarters, a contemporary informs the public on Saturday, that " The drought is not general, but has been particularly experienced in certain localities, more particularly in the low plains which have been submerged, and where the for- mation is of the peculiar character, known amongst geologists by the common terms of silicious, or dry salt." Instantly recognising in the above extract, the production of the same pen, which first told us that the much boasted Cape Otway coal mine consisted of nothing better than "guniacum or lignum vitæ," we turned eagerly to our dictionary for the word "silicious," by way of getting the latest and most scientific information of the precise local- ity in which the drought had been most fatal. To our great astonishment however, Johnson confines himself to one definition of the word "Made of hair!" "Dry salt" or "made of hair." shrieked we, as we threw down the ponderons lexicographer with disgust, and rushed to Walker. But still the same words were all that met our eager eyes. "Made of hair," "Dry salt," or "made of hair!" What on earth can it mean? Made of hair? Pity that the question did not arise till just after our half yearly interview with Mr. Downing! Dry salt, or made of hair ; Well is it written, that a little learning is a dangerous thing? Let our own fate be a warning to all dabblers for all time to come ; for in our earnest pursuit of science, we do not hesitate to confess that we have been most innocently betrayed into a state of the most pro- found conglomeration. CHURCH OF ENGLAND. - Very serious com- plaints have often been made lately, of the neglect of the clergy of the Church of England, in reference to the performance of their duty at funerals. The following state- ment was handed to us last evening by some of the parties who had reason to com- plain. We beg to direct the attention of the Bishop of Melbourne to the subject, as nothing can tend to bring either his Lordship or his Church into greater odium than allowing the feelings of mourners over a lost friend, to be thus unfeelingly tampered with. The letter says - Perhaps you will be kind enough to acquaint the public through your valuable columns, of the treatment of the funeral of the late Capt. Kemp. Due notice was given to the minister (Mr. Merry), the time punctually named five o'clock, at which time the remains of our late friend, followed by upwards of two hundred persons, were in atten- dance. Judge our astonishment to be kept three-quarters of an hour waiting at the gate. At the same time there were two other funerals waiting, the one a poor child, followed by its mother, who lay weeping over her lost child the whole time. And to finish the affair ; after the funeral, there was no one in attendence to fill up the grave. After waiting some time and no one appearing, the task had to be accomplished by two of the mourners. We have been requested to invite public attention to a sale this day, by Mr. P. Davis, at the City Mart, at 12 o'clock, of 5 acres of Land overlooking the Moonee Ponds, vide Advertisement. (For Continuation of Domestic Intelligence see fourth page) -DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. Continued from Second page. "RKL-F.I-* FUND.-Tho Treasurer of the Mol . 'bourne Fournie Benevolent Society bogs to ac 'knowlcdtio the receipt of thi sum of £18 10s ?4,1, contiibntcd to the-society by tho subscribers .of tho Central Fire Relief Fund. MI.VIÎUAI.S.-The Goulburn Herald states that on a tract of land recently purchased in the neighbourhood of Yass, -a rich minc of copper ore has been discovered, I ivo samples have been tested, one of which contained 42per cent., and the other 51-per cent, of metal. ALARMING NEWS.—A gentleman lately ar- rived from Maneroo informs us, that a large bush-fire is raging on the Gipps Land side of the Snowy river, evidently making its way towards the pastures of the Maneroo country. Burnt leaves and pieces of bark have been picked up at a distance of thirty miles from the front line of the conflagration. The grass in this part of the country is very long and should the fire once take hold of it the most disastrous consequences must follow. —Goulburn Herald. THE LICENSED VICTUALLER.—It is probable that the new and postponed applications for publicans' licenses will be heard on the 14th instead of the 13th May, as otherwise a month will not have elapsed between the postponement and rehearing of the applications. The new applicants should also bear in mind, that their sureties should be present in court at the time the license is granted, as the Kilmore and other district benches have adopted the legal and pro- per course of altogether postponing every appli- cation in which the sureties here not then pre- sent. There is no objection to the names of more than two sureties being given in by any party; but should one of the sureties be refused, the result would be the same as if no sureties were present. .QUID Pao Quo-Mr. Wentworth "in bis speech on the ¡Sydney Electoral Bill, quoted the following lines as n hit at Dr. Lang : " What is a Socialist? Uno who lias yearnings, Very profound for other men's earlings, &c.;" Tho Empire of the folloyving day squibs the lion, squatting member yyith the following verse, which certainly gives Mr. Wentworth a Roland for his Oliver : ANOTHER VIMISIOX Whnt is a Socialist ? A Gentleman who has cray nigs, By great lottery schemes, , . To pocket poor meu's savings, Til« CKKSUS,-Tho proximate return of the ' population of tho proposed electoral districts of Now South Wales shows tho follow- ing results:-Thirteen county districts re- turning fourteen members, bayo a popula lion of 87,000 souls"; the pópulutioil in 1846 being 73,3^5; eight pastoral districts re- turning eight members have a population ol' 30,000, against 16,739 in 184G, and eiglit ur- ban districts returning tim members haveupo pulatioi'i of 7.">,000 «gains', G4.-I10 in 18IC. The total appn ximatiou being estimated at 192,000 s mis. DurAUTURB or Tim CArn OF Goon JIoi'R MAUS KBOM PLYMOUTH.-Monday witnessed the dawning of a now era to this important port; .. and wo have too high an opinion of the ontor n'rising spirits of the inhabitants of Plymouth, Devonport, and Stono-Houso (consisting of up« wards of 100,000.) to suppose for ono moment that thoy are not alive to tho boon _ which "has been conferred upon their district, in ils selection by tlie admiralty authorities, at the particular suggostion-of .lûmes Laming, Esq., the manag- ing director of the company wliieh has taken tlie contraot to convey the mails anti passengers to Madeira, Hie Capo do Vertl Islands, and tho Capo of Good' Hope, as tho p"iut from which a monthly departure ivill take place to tlie ports: aiid^ in timo ive havo evoiy reason to believe the communication will^ be extended to the Mauritius, Ceylon, india, China, New South Wales, and Now Zealand. Tho mails were embarked on board the Bosphorus, at,noon of Monday, and placed in the charge of Commander Wolt-igr», K.N. A procession of tho local authorities of the thrco towns was formed, and were present on board the ship at the timo of the embarkation, when congratu- latory upcoidics were delivered. The ship, how- ever, was detained from proceeding until Wçd riesdiiv. During Monday afternoon, a deputation from Vlviiioiith Chamber of Commerce, headed by tho lUght lion, the Earl of Morley, waited upon tho director*, Mr. , Laming mid Mr. Fox, M P. for Longford, to welcomo thom nt the port, and to assure them of their hearty into. rest, co operation, and support in tho s. rvice ; mid in the evening about 150 of the principal gentlemen of the' threo towns ussemblod at tho «oval Hotel, olid entertained. Mr. Laming und Mr. Fox iii » most hitn.'somo mid (.ratifying mininer. -Atlas for India, Dcew-ibi-r S¡4. DisruTFD BouNDARiFS-At the police com t, on 1 hursday, Mr lohn Nagle thru god David An derson with holding possession ot abut ou his (complainant's) ground, and tefusing to give np the samo winn called upon to (to so Com- plain nt stated that he had bought the lund horn iii liutvknei, and unit the hut of which he now claimed posstssiou, was built on tho ground ho had bought lol tho defence, At nab shown that the hut had been built by a person m the omploy of Mr Collvci Robinson , that it was not ou eithei h s or the complainant's giound, but on a Government road, tlio Government haying abindonetl tho toad o-iginullv mai 1 ed out, und adopted another. Tlio bench told the compkni mt ti at be had entutly mistaken his boundaries, imd the case was dismissed 1 fur CIRCULATION OF THIS BLOGO-Di Small of Richmond, dein erod his second and concluding lcotiuo on tho tucttlition of the blood, at tho Mechanics' Institution, Collins stieut, on linns day evening, to a soiiieiihut mote mimerons audience than he hod on the first occasion M iny ve, v pleasing anecdotes wiro told by the Itcturu, and he i elated ninina0iuaiy conveisitionbitwcn the thoracic duct and the cnpillama otaiimn who pirtook too hu0ely of the "omi things ol this lito, thulma that they had too much i uti ¡ment siqipUcd to them, the consulting moinb is (not Fellows of tho Royal Colicúo of bulgeons) agi eui to make then pntioi "fit, and succeeded so fin th it he leached the iciv moduate weimbi of tn tilly seven stoic' I ho leclu»tr, in conclusion, pom tul out veiv toicibly the giciit d iuDei to health which thai o was m a numbei of p isons sleeping and living in a confined space , health must tiiqueiitly bo elttenoiateel and life dts troicd, hy such a practice Hu lectuiei was frequently iiitciruptcd by bürste of npplaus RiruTiD Tim vi s - Io any ono not well used to the iinbli slung cffiontei v of the class of men who me "encially tcimcd " Inovvn or le pitted thitvts, it is most nstoiiisliing that they should d i\ altei diybo m constant attendance at the police com t Go fust tin ngia tho morning, Iheio llitv stand -and coutume standing even tliioiij,hoiit asittin0 of somo fno oi six boms duintion and thw for diys and weel s und with some of them in months the only chindo being, th it the Supicmc Coiut is moro an object of uttrictiem dining its sittings But these li How s simio with peculiar lustie when placed in the felons' dock- tbeic tiny tilk ol tin luiid bhip of honest men b mg nnpiisoucd on sus jin ion mil that isbnmcit is Uni the di leetivts sliJithl hive ti 'down' upon them nborc all otbeis1 Anl ns to innocence, why they say thom selves they ate us "innocent tis tho child as is unboni, and w h it moi ec in the magistrates limit' Why nothing nndsotliey my kindly siy to the plisonei "You iiedisehniaed,' and then the pnsonei is vcrv anxious to li ive a wotd oi two to tay to the he ni li, "just to clou his chin ictei,' and if then worships don't know tiny one else among then respectiblo acqiiuntanccs, why they lefei linn to " Hie mun is the dclet lives says, keeps a house foi known thitu«' And on Tuesday evening, two of theso veiy innoeciit gentlemen, were selling six- penny woith of " Lilly-white cocl les," m the sticcts ot the city, tho baskif ie quiring two of them to cn ty it Of couiso it would be wiong of housewives not to bat gain foi tho cockles, and thus utlord tbo gen tlcmcu an oppo tumtv of takin0 stock ol tbtu houses WHALING-We mentioned in our previous number, that two whales had been killed by a single boats crew on Thursday. In consequence of the crew not being propared for such unex- pected good luck, and being unattended by any other boat, they were unable, after killing the fish, to bring them to the cutting- in-place. After a good deal of searching on Friday, they at last found the anchored whale, and early on Saturday succeeded in recovering the other. This small party, therefore, at the very ounset of the season are in possession of two fine whales, said to be the largest seen in the bay fora long time. Mr. John Dutton, brother of Captain Dutton the veteran whaler, headed the fortunate crew, and the boat is owned by Mr Robert Taylor, late of tho Shepherd's Arms -Portland Guardian IIIL POST OIFICI - llio legislative Coin eil have dtcidtd, by a bmo mnjouty, that the Report of the Post t ffito ( omm ssion bo laid on the table of tho House I his is something to ti c credit ot the Council It would have been unnecissnily olftnsue to the public, lind the Report rimamed in abeyance till the tisscm bhng ot the new ( ouncil \\\ hat is proposed to bo dono with tint most mis mnnaged dcpait mont of the public sei vice tho Post Office, will now be soon seen It is gcnera'ly tumourcd that a thorough " turn out is rc"ommcndcd and fiom what is known of ti c inquiry ivInch hns been gone into, ive cannot antictpite a moro paltry result AVe apprehend that tlio Colonial Secretary must find time now to peruse the Report -Empire PitESiniEIIIAN-In a npoit of the proieel ings of the Sy no 1 of I astoi n Vusti iii i, bel 1 in tho lito Presbyteiinn Chunh, Put street, Sydnev on tho 2i 1 Apiti, li t following pissigo occurs, itlitive to tho Roi Mr tait, iteently arrived at Geelong "A ominuiiicitioii dated I'aiinmatta, 1st J iiiuai i 185 aJdro sed to ti e Moderat-ii by the Rev lohn hut, in which Mi hut intimates that he had 'icsehed t) leave this put of Austrilui mid lab u in connection with tbo lice Pn sbytcu in C1 urcb ot listona, .mel states tint 'ha cone d' lit unnicoisiri thal a pia re nala mo tm_ should bo cilled Mo uicive his usiraiia'un, his el tumi ntion to leave, having Leon foi ¡ned mdep iidently ut what ini{,bt be the opinion (t nhors icsp ctuig it* lining been laid befoio t e Siiincl, anl having Leen til in into consult ntiou the Sy no1, while it conceive I it windi mit le toi t lifi itiin un lei cxislin0 cuciimstancis to deal ni'li this eise as mid r oidinaiy (iiuiinstmic s, u i ¿ml to the maintenance, ol iliieip.nu, uid to t'i( vmdicitioii of its authority might icqii it , lilt it to bon c umboiit ui on it to i eeoi d its strong sense c1 tho highly cuisi i iblo elim icfu of tin cou se pul stud by Mi lut in thus deseitiug 1 is einige, nut only without asl in » oi nbtiinnng lim s mellon of tins Coiut, but willi the dei] m 1 iktelunna tion t) sit nt difiuiito its iituhoritv if it should bo oreicistd to jiievcnt this slop ' 