DOMESTIC INTELLIGENCE. MELBOURNE BENEFIT BUILDING SOCIETY. — The usual monthly meeting of this Society was held yesterday evening, when the amount received was £315 10s 10s 5. Eleven shares were also sold, one at £51 9s 6d; and ten, at £52 THE INDUSTRIAL SOCIETY. - At a meeting of the Committee which took place on the 6th instant, Thomas Black, Esquire, M.D., was unanimously elected a Director in lieu of Alexander F. Mollison, Esq., who is returning to Europe. At the same time his Worship, the Mayor of Melbourne, and James Frederick Palmer, Esq., J.P., were unani- mously elected additional Directors; the three newly appointed officers were also placed on the Committee of Management. The Society continues to progress steadily and favorably, Fifty-five new members having enrolled them- selves during the late Exhibition FATAL AND DESTRUCTIVE BUSH FIRE — In- telligence reached town yesterday morning of a most destructive bush fire that had been raging on the previous day, at the Plenty River. On the station formerly known as Anderson's Station, between the Plenty River and Diamond Creek, the destruction was very great, and it is stated that a poor woman, wife of a shepherd named McClelland, was, with five children, suffocated in a hut from the smoke of the fire which raged around them, and left no means of escape. The Coroner has been made aware of this fact, and has ap- pointed to-day to hold an inquest on the bodies at the Bridge Inn, Plenty River. Eight or ten farms in the neighbourhood have been entirely destroyed, stacks, buildings, fences, everything; whilst several men are missing, and fears are entertained that they have perished. A pos- sibility, however, exists of their having saved themselves by timely flight. THE WEATHER. — Thursday was one of the most oppressively hot days we have experienced for some years. In the early morning the at- mosphere was perfectly scorching, and at eleven o'clock the thermometer stood as high as 117°, in the shade ; at one o'clock it had had fallen to 109 ° and at four in the afternoon was up to 113 The blasts of air were so impregnated with smoke and heat, that the lungs seemed ab- solutely to collapse under their withering in- fluence ; the murkiness of the atmosphere was so great that the roads were actually bright by contrast. The usual unpleasantness of hot wind was considerably aggravated by the exist- ence of extensive Bush fires to the northward, said by some to have an extent of 40 or 50 miles. In the evening, after an hour's battle for the supremacy, the cool breeze from the sweet south came down, sweeping away the pestilential exhalation of the day, and bringing in its train a light and refreshing rain; for a considerable time yesterday, the parched earth greedily absorbed it as it fell, but a day's con- tinuance of such very seasonable weather, will do no more than cool the surface. We are requested to call the attention of the trade to Messrs Stubbs and Son's sale of double stout, sherry, and cider, to take place at the Mart, this day, at 11 o'clock. 