PUBLIC MEETING. APPROPRIATION OF THE FIRE RELIEF FUND A public meetng was hell yesterday after- noon, at three o'clock, in the Hall of the Me- chanics' Institution, Collins-street, of parties who disapproved of the appropriation of the surplus fund, lately made by the Central Fire Relief Committee. At the hour appointed there were not above ten individuals in the room, and when the Chairman took the chair there were only seventeen persons present-the meeting did not at any time consist of more than forty persons. Amongst those present we noticed Messrs Johnston, Hood, Cautlon, Bull, Belcher, Kentish, Croad, Duff, Guthridge, and Fawkner. Thomas McCombie. Esq., was called to the chair, and opened the business of the meeting by reading the following requisition:-- "We, the undersigned subscribers to the fund for the Relief of the Sufferers by the Bush Fires of February last, wholly disapproving to the appro- priation of the Fund to any other purpose what- ever than that for which it was collected; invite our fellow colonists, but especially those who, like ourselves, have subscribed to the "Bush Fire Suffers Relief Fund," to meet us at the Mechanics' Institution, Melbourne, on Tuesday next, the 6th of May instant, at three P.M , to devise means for averting the misappropriation of the large sum of £727, to which the suffers (and there are but too many in exigence!) are rightfully entitled. We also request the atten- dance of the members of the-Committee who voted away the large proportion, namely, nearly half of the fund of which they were "trustees" on behalf of the Sufferers, appointed by us, and our fellow colonists who subscribed the same" It was not his object in opening the meeting to remark upon the conduct of His Worship the Mayor in refusing to accede to the request made to him to a call a meeting for this purpose, or on the manner in which the meeting had to be called. When the public meeting was called to appropriate the surplus fund in the hands of the Fire Relief Committee, he considered there ought to have been notice given through the columns of the local press before making any division; and he much doubted whether the money voted would not operate injuroursly the funds of both the Benevolent Asylum and the Hospital. For these reasons he fully agreed <?> Mr Councillor HODGSON ... the advertisement calling the meeting invited the committee to attend, he had come there to- day. He would begin by stating that he was not at the meeting at which it was agreed to apportion the money, although he was a member of the committee; but he was at a previous meeting which was adjourned solely to allow of time being given to notify the intention and object of the meeting to the public. If any were to blame, it was the public who were to blame for not attending the meeting when called. He was not there to justify the conduct of the com- mittee, yet it had allowed fourteen days' notice to be given of the meeting. He was sure there had been perfect satisfaction on the part of the persons attending the meeting at which the appro- priation had been made, for they had so expressed themselves. Publicity had been given to the acts of the committee, and to the meeting he would now leave those acts. Mr Councillor GUTHRIDGE said he rose to move the first resolution :- "That this meeting highly disapproves of the principle recognised and acted upon by the Central Relief Committee voting the money collected for the sufferers by the late fire, to the Hospital, Benevolent Asylum, and other charit- able institutions." He had stood alone in his opposition to the vote when made at the meeting, and he urged that the committee had no authority whatever to apply the money to this purpose. Councillor Hodgson told them they were themselves to blame for not attending the meeting; but he denied this altogether. The committee had their instructions, and those instructions were sufficient, had they thought proper to carry them out. Again, it was urged that the amount given to the sufferers by the fire was sufficient, - but he asked them whether twenty-pence in the pound was sufficient to cover the losses of the sufferers? (Applause, and in voice "It's a mockery.") The sufferes had been put off with some one-sixteenth of their loss; and, as for the case being fully met, he utterly denied it, and, to prove it, he would only instance the case of McClelland. This unfortunate man had lost his wife, his children, and his property, - and what was the amount offered to him? Why he (the speaker) was ashamed to utter it in the presence of the Press, as it would go forth to the world, it would be a slur on the community - (loud cries of "on the Committee , on the Committee")-it was then, proposed to award McClelland £35, (loud hisses). He proposed that it should be £ 50, but the pro- position was scouted, and it was ultimately settled, after much discussion, that he should get £40, but would anyone have grumbled if he had got £50? (A voice, "not one"). Many parties in the city and respectable parties too, had ex- pressed to him their dissent from the course adopted by the committee; and one individual had said that he would withhold his subscription from the Hospital until the amount should have been liquidated. Much of the subscription out- standing, needed only to be called for; and he knew parties - indeed he believed one was then in the room - who had paid their subscriptions in, once the money had been voted away; and they were aware that it was also determined, that this money should be paid pro rata to each institu- tion as collected; but he again denied the right of the Committee to have made any such division as they had done, and although the division had been sanctioned by a public meeting, consti- tuted as it was it ought not to have done any such thing. He had seen letters, and he had himself received letters from the people of Kilmore, stating that there was much wheat destroyed and that many had not seed to put in the ground; and yet in the face of all this, the money had been voted away. (Cries of Shame, shame.) Would the public of Melbourne come forward in such another case? he thought not, and they were therefore bound to make known to the world their opinion of the transaction. Mr HOOD in seconding tho resolution, said he could scarcely trust himself to say a word on the question. The Mayor had expressed his opinion that the requisition calling the meeting was uncourteously worded; but he (Mr Hood) had always been used to call things by their right names. He was a member of the Relief Committee, and as such he had a right to call them hard names if he liked; but he would just recommend them to vote back the money they had given to the Hospital Committee. Mr J.P. FAWKNER said a full share of the transaction must fairly be laid on his shoulders, as he was a member of the committee. He was a member of the committee, and had done the work; but when a public meeting was to be called he was not thought worthy of being put in the chair, and Dr Palmer was voted to it. As to the blame, he thought a part of it lay with Mr Hood, and that he (Mr Hood) was guilty of a derelic- tion of duty, in not having attended the meetings. A deal had been said as to the hardship of McClelland's case - did they propose to pay him for the loss of his wife and family? Was there any Englishman, Irishman, or Scotsman at that meeting who would propose to pay him for that loss? It was not proved that McClelland's loss was much; his sheep had been saved. They found fault with what had been done, but the meeting had been publicly called - and yet their Chairman to-day told thom he did not know what the advertisement calling the meeting meant. Mr HOOD said he had never consented to his name being placed on the committee. Mr FAWKNER - I told you, you were on it, Mr Hood, and you said you would attend. The resolution was put and carried unani- mously. Mr Robert CAMPBELL proposed the second resolution, namely :- " That this meeting is of opinion, that the Central Committee of the Fire Relief Fund, have broken faith with their constituents, in appro- priating the funds for any other purpose what- ever, than that for which they were subscribed ; and it is moreover, its opinion that no other in- structions than the resolutions of the public meet- ing, appointing them to act, were requisite for their guidance in the matter." The resolution was itself, so explanatory that it was necessary for him to do little more than read it, as he entirely agreed with it. When the Relief Committee called the public meeting, it would have beau exceedingly easy for then to have stated for what purpose it was called; the people of Melbourne were by no means close fisted, but they would generally rather give their money than their time. The conduct of the Com- mittee he considered a breach of faith towards the public. Mr J R PASCOE seconded the resolution. Mr HOOD: As much has been said about the advertisement calling the meeting, I will read it, and I say distinctly it is calculated to mislead. The advertisement is as follows :- RELIEF FUND. A GENERAL meeting of the subscribers to this fund will be held at the Me- chanics' Institution, on Tuesday next, 15th inst., at 3pm., to receive the report of the committee, and to take measures for the dis- posal of any surplus which may remain J. A. MARSDEN, Secretary. The Committee will meet on Monday next, at 12, noon, at the Mechanics' Institution. 8th April, 1851" The second resolution was then put and car- ried unanimously. Alderman JOHNSTON moved the third reso- lution :- "That the following gentleman be nominated a committee to carry out the intention of the subscribers, by distributing the remainder of the funds to the sufferes who have not yet been received, or who have been so only partially, namely, Messrs Grice, Say, Guthridge, Belcher, Bull, Cantlon, Hood, Duff, Pascoe, Bennett, Croad, and Kerr, with power to add to thier number : and that the committee now formed be instructed to apply to the managing committees of the various institutions to which the money has been voted, to refund the same." He had expected that some of the committee would have been present to explain or rather to defend their conduct ; and it did not show much courage on their part that they had not done so. The way in which they voted away the funds entrusted to them, tended to destroy all confi- dence between the public and similar committees ; and when a person might be asked in future to contribute towards any object, he would ask the question whether the money was ever likely to be applied to the purpose for which it was sub- scribed. He did not think the money would do any good to the Hospital, as parties would very naturally say, when called upon for subscriptions, "Oh, is the Bush-fire money all gone?" Council- lor Hodgson had offered an explanation, but it did not amount to anything; for on reading the last two lines of the advertisement calling the meeting, it said "for the disposal of any surplus which may remain," thus lending the public to suppose that the surplus would be small if there were any. (Hear, hear.) Mr Fawkner had said he was here, and ....put him in mind of the man who got ? and then assigned as a reason that he was so alone, that the bottle came round so often. (Loud laughter and applause ) The fact was, that most of the gentlemen on the com- mittee were on the Hospital Committee also; and they had passed a vote of thanks to them- selves through the public. (Loud applause.) The appropriaton was something like the days when failure was so rife in the colony : one man's estate that he (the speaker) recollected, consisted of £15 in bad dobts, and an old key bugle. They had been told that a gentleman was present who had paid in his £10 10s since the money was voted away; and if so he thought his conscientiousness had outrun his discretion, when he did so. It was said that the press had made too great a fuss and cry about the fire; but he was glad to find that it could do some- thing, when it had procured such a sum as had been collected. Mr M. Cantlon in seconding the resolution said, there were only two things the Committee could do - either give the money to the people for whom it was subscribed, or return it to the people who had subscribed it. If the money was to be given away for any other purpose, he for one would like to have the pleasure of giving his money where he liked. He thought that the Mayor was bound to call the meeting, and that the secretary had a right to have been present to answer any questions that might be put to him. Mr Councillor GUTHRIDGE said, that al- though he did not read the advertisement calling the meeting, yet if it was the same as that read to the meeting by Mr Hood, he should say it was calculated to mislead. The committee had seemed not to inquire into tho cases, but to study how little they could put the applicants off with. Mr FAWKNER: The whole amount proposed by me on several occassions was granted. Mr GUTHRIDGE would ask if Dr Bathe had been fairly dealt with ? He had lost everything, and he was put off with £50-a man who was a blessing to the neighbourhood in which he lived, and who gave his medical advice without charg- ing for it. As to Kilmore, it was found that many had suffered who were not actually burnt out-the feed was so scarce since the fire, that nearly the whole of the working bullocks in that neighbourhood had died ; and many had no seed to put in the ground. Air W. It. IIKLOHUR had not intended to say ono word, but be thought, its a subscriber U> the fund, that there woro others to blame us well as the committeo. li' ho recollected ri¡-ht, his Wor ship the v ayor and Mr Charles Bradshaw we:o appointed to act as troasur rs ; and ho thought that they had broken faith with the' public. They ought not to have paid the monoy away even to tho order of the Committee-they should huvo called a meoting of tho subscribers hy circular or other- wise, before payiu¡» it away foi* other than thu purposo for which it was subscribed. (Loud Ap- plause.) The person who drew up tho advertise- ment calling tho meeting, did not even appear to distinctly know whether there wcro any surplus or not ; and the publio could r.ot know that the Committeo had oven funds enough in hand. Air N L KENTISH said, it was well-known that ho had tiiken it very active part in this mut- ter ; and although he hid been tuld he was not a subscriber to tho fund, he had paid ono pound into tue hand ol'tho very party who told him so (?rome coiilusiiiii h-ro ensued, *Mr Fawkner said, ho was the party alluded toby Air Kentish, and tbittho money lind Leen paid in for Captain Gibb. Tho spoiker was constantly intoriupt d by Air Fawkner, and many partios present told «r V, that as lío had boen allowed a hearing, ho should allow the sumo to Mr Kentish ) Mr KENTISH continu-d ¡ ho had the grati- fication of thinking that howe-cr humble he might bo, he had been nt len t a useful mombi r ol' tho comniuiiitv ; mid although ho had not a very deep pockot, like his friend Mr Fawknor, hu could still do good. Though he lind not money to give away, ho had «sod his pen in this cause ; and was it then possible that ho could allow hi» efforts to be frustrated by gentle- men giving away the monoy which had Ken subscribed for til« lelief of the stillerer«? Hu oontsnded that no public meeting had the ¡tower to vote away the money subnet ¡ned, even though the w] oleo the Kiibiciibors were present. Ho could tell th'ni of one cuso in which the party ».us «ntirsly burnt out, and to which the Relief Committee only gave £3 ; nnd was not this enough to excito their indignation. The gen tieften who gave «way^ the, money might be actuated by'right feelings,'but ho believed thoy had been misled by other parties ; and however highly ho might/ cstimato them as individuals, he could not conceive a grosser act of misappro- priation. He WHS sorry that all the efforts used should ^have been so paralyzed by Dr. Palmor und tho few gentlemen who acted with him. Mr George SAY Bsid he had collected for the Committee, but ho did not see himself credited with tile amount, The CHAIRMAN said that many had stated to him that Kilmore was in a dreadful stato, most of the working bullock« having died. Tho resolution was put and carried unani- mously. Air." W. K. BULL moved the fourth lesolu tion : '. That this mooting call upon tho Secretary of the luto Committee of the Fire Relief Fund to furnish the Chairman of this meeting with all vouchers, memoranda, &c;, connected with the collection mid distribution of the suid fund." The meeting was so thin at first that they were told thoy might as well go home ; but/ be thought they would do good service to the com- munity, by being there that afternoon. Every one who had spoken, thought the conduct of the Committee to ho nt least a gross breach of trust ; and however cavalierly tho Seuictary mid others might treat it, he could not think it was tinmoes sary to attend the meeting; and he thought that they might just as w<l havo soid to him ".Mr. Bull you nre a striving industrious mau, and wo will give yon £740, us we cannot find anything else to do with it." This would havo been just us fin* as it was to distribute it to the parties to whom it had been gil cn. The money had been jiiven in a freo spirit, mid it waa not expected that it would have been dealt out in the col J, calculating manner it had been. Mr. W.li. mCLOHISR seconded the resolution. Ile happened to have been piescnt at a meeting in which some very hard terms »ero applied lo Mr Dull" and another party for collecting a scpa i ate.fund. Air. HOOD hoped that the advertisement, calling the meeting to appropriate the fund, would bo copied into tho papéis. The resolution was put and carried. A vote of thanks was given to the Chairman, tho Chairman replied, and the meeting sepa- rated at a few minutes past five o'clock. 