CORRESPONDENCE. Hgg' Although we have every toish that The Inquirer should express freely the opinions of our correspondent*, the Editor viust not be considered as responsible for suck opinions- All communications, involving facts, must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer. To the Editor of the ' Inquirer.'* Sir,— -I regret to state that, on Wednesday week, a destructive fire occurred at Mr. Hester's farm, on the Canning. The fire originated in the bush, at some distance, but a strong southerly wind prevailing, impelled it, with resistless fury, over the intervening space ; and although every effort was made, compatible with the means at hand, the barn, which was the best building of the kind in the district, together with the whole of the produce of the late harvest, was destroyed. The impetuous element then laid waste the garden, and attacked the house, but happily its further progress was impeded. I understand that a few of Mr. Hester's friends are exerting themselves to repair the loss he has sustained, and with every probability of success. Whilst on this subject, it may not be consi dered misplaced to draw the attention of the settler to the great risk he incurs from bush fires, and the consequent necessity for the adop tion of some measure as a means of protecting him, if not entirely, at least partially, from the effects of these frequent disasters. ' It is well known, from the nature of this country, that these fires prevail most from the time the fields are white with the harvest until the corn is pre pared for the market or the mill ; and whatever precautions may be taken, by burning round the boundaries or otherwise, whirlwinds and other strong breezes have been known to carry flakes of fire an almost incredible distance, and the country resident is never secure until this grami nivorous element has devastated the surrounding country. Year after year it is the melancholy province of the journalist to report on the ravages of this hydra-headed monster, and al though the invincible spirit of the settler, who sees his once smiling corn-fields clothed with the garb of night, may arisp, phoenix-like, from the ashes, still his energies must be somewhat abated : he cannot, like that fabled bird, arise in his pristine vigour. In most countries, the greater tho risk, the more numerous are the facilities for insuring against it. I have no desire to dictate, but will merely hint that district societies might be formed to protect subscribing sufferers from casualties occasionsd by bush-fires. Should this important matter obtain notice from this simple view of the case, my end is answered ; otherwise, at some future time, I may endeavour to lay before the public my own ideas for their consideration. Phcenhu 