SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. (From the S. M. Herald.) ARRIVALS. April 17.—Sarah, brig, 130 tons, Captain Grant, from Launceston the 10th instant Passengers-six seamen ni the steerage 17.— William, brig, 121 tons, Captain Coffey, from Launceston the 9th instant Passenger Mr. R. Lord, Mr and Mrs. Barnes and child, Mr. Smith. 17\. — Caernarvon, whaling barque, 230 tons, Captain Sullivan, from the South Sea Fisheries. 17.—Six Brothers, schooner, 147 tons, Capt. Courtney, from Hobart Town the 10th instant Passengers-Mrs Gill, Miss and Master Gill, Dr. Booth, F. Stanley, Jemima Wilson, Thomas Doyle, Thomas Gibbon, Samuel Saucer and wife. 17.— Arabia, barque, 362 tons, Captain Davis, from Manila the 11th February Passen- gera-Mrs. Davis and Miss Brown. 18.—Thomas Lord, schooner, 73 tons, Capt. Mackay, from San Francisco the 2nd February, via Wauhga, Marquesas Islands, the 12th March, in ballast. Passengers-Francis Connell, James M'Lennon, Christopher James, Jane Barnes, and three children. 18.—Wanderer, brig, 140 tons, Captain Jackson, from Geelong the 11th instant. Pas- sengers—Mrs. Jackson, Mrs. and Miss White, and two in the steerage. DEPARTURES. April 10.—Jane, barque, 360 tons, Captain Brazier, for the South Seas, with whaling stores. 18.—Inga, US brig, 169 tons, Capt. Barnes, for the South Seas, with whaling stores. 18.—Spec, brig, 168 tons, Captain Dicey, for the South Sea lslands. Passengers-Mrs. Dicey, Mrs. Christian, Ann Thomas, Mr Ker- wood, Thomas Tegg, John George, and William Woods. 18.— Perseverance, schooner, 82 tons, Capt Marshall, for Wellington. Passenger-Mr. Greville, Mr Stead, Mr. and Mrs. Farr, Mr. and Mrs. Flyger and three children, Mr J Wood, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Clarke, Mr and Mrs. Clare, Mr. Swain, Miss Stapleford, Mr Clarkson, Mr Gilli- brand, and Mr. M'Kay. 18.—Petrel, ship, 847 tons, Captain Taylor, for Valparaiso. Passengers-Mr. F. F Mollison, Mr. Lyon, Mr. Thompson. 19.—Jane, barque, 366 tons, Captain Brazier, for the South Seas, with whaling stores. 19.—Oceanie, Belgian ship, 521 tons, Cap- tain Radon, for Tahiti. Passengers- Mr. Ororke, Mr. H. C. Pamart, Mr Capptleman, Mr J. D. Lazarus, Mr. C. Stuart. 20.—J. Lovett, schooner, 137 tons, Captain Sommerville, for Melbourne. Passengers-Mr. Rowling, Mrs. Harrison, Mr. and Mrs Dyer, Miss Woolnough, Mr. and Mrs. M'Donnell, Mr. Longford, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, P. Ager, wife, and child, Thomas Knowles, John Irving, W. Nolan, Mr. and Mrs. Bird, C. Downward, John Brown, Mr. and Mrs. M'Donough. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS APRIL 18.—Tamar, steamer, 130, Paine, fiom Morpeth, with 49 trusses hay, 26 bags birlev, 161 bags wheat, 2 bo*es tobacco, 8 hides, 1 bundle sheepskins, 39 cheeses, 15 bales 2 bags wool, IO pigs and sundries, Rose, steamer, 172, Harding, from Morpeth, with 81 trusses hu, 51 hides, 553 bushels giain, 13 bags ouions, 5 calves, and 25 kegs tobacco 19 -Thistle, steamer, 127, Mulhall, fiom Morpeth, with 73 bales wool, 3 kegs tobacco, 480 bushels wheat, 276 bushels maize, 40 bushels barlev, 84 bags bran, and 34 trusses hay, Clarissa, 60, Campbell, from Newcastle, with 96 tons coals, Coquette, 72, Elliott, from Newcastle, with 95 tons coals, Anna Maila, 49, Bonney, from Newcastle, with 75 tons coals IMPORTS. April 17-Arabia, horn Manila 400 tons sugar, 237 bags coffee, 164 cases cigars, 659 pack iges Manila rope, 333 pack iges cordage, 1 package cigars, R. M Robey , C836 bags sugar, 7 packages empty bags, Austialian Sugar Com- pany , 2367 bigs sugar, 3 packages bags, 43 cases cigars, Flowei, Salting, and Co , 33 cases cigars, Hu«h Dixson , 237 bigs coffee, 82 cases cigarB, 326 packages coulage, Biown and Co , 6 cases cigars, G. Lloyd , 2 boxes, 3 jars biscuit, A. C. Daniel, 3 trunks apparel, 1 package cigars, 288 bundles rattans, Older, snip's MAIL A mail will close at the Tost Office as fol- lows - For London -By the Glenbervie, on Wed nesday (this) evening, at 6. The Arabia, from Manila, experienced very bad weather on her passage, and was nine days coming through Bass's Straits, having strong winds from the south- east. She left the Sym- metry loading for this port. Sugar was very scarce, and a number of vessels were waiting for cargo. The Ruby, Augustine Heard, and Victoria, hence, arrived at Manila prior to the sailing of the Arabia. LOSS of the "JEANNIE DEANS "-This pretty little schooner, measuring 31 tons, William Wilkins, master, cleared out for Broulee on the 27th March; we regret to hear that in a calm off the above place, on Thursday, 10th instant, she drifted on the beach, and became a total loss, crew saved. She was sister schooner to the Fancy, and owned by Mr David Warden, of Ulladulla. The remains of the Phillip Oakden, floated on shore from off the Hebe reef, are now pretty well distributed along the east beach , although she lifted in a mass from the Hebe, only her upper part took the beach ; her bottom, which sunk in deep water, separated from the upper works as regularly fore and aft as though the timbers had been sawn through.- Cornwall Chronicle. PORTLAND BAY.-Number of vessels entered inwards at Portland from 1st April, 1850, to 31st March, 1851 .--81 vessels, measuring 8925 tons. Exports for the same period : 7245 bales wool, 1127 hides, 323 casks tallow, 420 trusses hay, 156 tons guano, 778 sheep, 6 tons horns, hoof's, &o.;, 2 kegs butter, 47 cheeses, 93 bags wheat, 36 bales sheepskins. Customs' revenue for same period:-Duties on spirits, tobacco, and foreign goods, £5215 16s. lid.; wharfage, £330 16s. 6d.; entrance and clearance fees and light dues, £50 10s. lOd. ; total, £5597 4s. 3d. WAGGA WAGGA.-We are in a truly awful state for want of rain : we have not had any for the last ten or eleven months, if we may except a thunderstorm some months ago, but which was very local and of short duration. The little stock left on the river are in a too low condition to be removed, and unless Providence blesses us with rain speedily they must perish. Fortu- nately we have no infectious or contagious disease amongst the sheep or cattle here. The large grazing part of this district, known by the name of Billybong, has been entirely aban- doned by the settlers from want of water, and we are sorry to say that one gentleman in removing his sheep towards the Murrumbidgee was compelled to leave them,and his drays in the bush, the bullocks having all died, and push on with his party to the Murrumbidgee, in order to procure water. They reached it in an almost exhausted state : and on returning to search for the sheep a few days afterwards they found nearly 4000 perished ! Hundreds of horses and cattle are lying dead in the river and the water- holes adjoining it. ln the township, everything is very dear, no carrier will face the road where starvation for his cattle is before him, although large sums have been offered for the cartage of goods to supply the stores.- Correspondent of Goulburn Herald. Alarming News.-A gentleman lately arrived from Maneroo informs us that a fierce bush-fire is raging on the Gipps Land side of the Snowy River, evidently making its way towards the pastures of the Maneroo country. Burnt leaves and pieces of bark have been picked up at a distance of thirty miles from the front line of the conflagration. The grass in this part of the country is very long, and should the fire once take hold of it the most disastrous consequences must follow.- Goulburn Herald, April 19. Coroner's Inquest.-An inquest was held before the coroner at the Benevolent Asylum on Saturday last, upon view of the body of Henry Huntley. The deceased was in the service of Mr. Parkinson, publican, of Parramatta-street ; he was about 33 years of age, and addicted to intemperate habits. He fell from his bed on Thursday night and received a contusion on the hip ; was taken to the Benevolent Asylum when found on the floor, on the morning of Good Friday ; and died shortly after his admission. Dr. Russell was of opinion, from the appearauce of the body and the evidence adduced, that death was the result of natural causes ; but in the absence of a post mortem examination he could not take upon himself to say what was the cause of so sudden a death. The deceased, it seems, had made his bed upon a table, and the fall must have been a severe one. Verdict died by the visitation of God.-Herald, 21st April. Accident from Fire Arms.-John Marner, Daniel Hall, and a man of colour, on Saturday afternoon, returning home from a day's shooting, when near Balmain, were met by a lad named Hayward, who asked them to give him a bird, when Hall threw one to him. Marner and the other man, however, it seems were not willing that the boy should have the bird, and simulta- neously they and the boy scrambled for its pos- session ; in the scuffle a gun which Marner was carrying went off, and the charge scattered about, wounding the boy in the hand, the coloured man in the thigh, and Marner some- where near one of his eyes. We are happy to be informed, however, that in neither case is the wound of a very serious character.-Herald, April 21. Attempt at Robbery.- About eleven o'clock on Friday night, Mr. Adams and Mr. Belfield, walking along Elizabeth-street, were fol- lowed, knocked down, and attempted to be robbed, by two men, whose names were subse- quently ascertained to be Thomas Nolan and William Molloy. An alarm was of course raised, which brought the police to the spot, who having ascertained the cause of the call, pursued after and captured the two ruffians. On Satur- day morning they were brought before the police bench, and sent to take their trial for the offence. -Herald, April 21. Inquests.-Two inquests have been held since our last publication. One on Saturday last, at Willeroo, on the remains of an old man named Daniel Harnett, found dead in the bush. He had been for a month from Mr. Cooper's station, where he resided, and nothing was heard of him till his bones were discovered in a gully on the run ; Verdict. " found dead." The other enquiry was held at Kippilaw, on Thursday, on the body of one William Williams, in the employ of James Chisholm, Esq., who was found dead in his hut. He had been ailing for some time. The im- mediate cause of death was inflammation of the bowels. Verdict accordingly.- Goulburn Herald, April 19. Hail Storm.-Shortly before sun-down on Monday evening, a fierce hail-storm broke over Bungonia. The destruction of property was, we understand, very great. The windows of Mr. Styles' house were smashed, and much damage done to the garden. The creek rose six feet in the course of an hour. About half an hour later the storm threatened to visit Goulburn, but veered off to the eastward.- Goulburn Herald, April 19. Mineral Resources.-Captain M'Callum, of Good Hope, Yass, lately purchased a tract of land, in that neighbourhood, represented to be very rich in copper- ore. Mr. Dibdin, chemist, of Sloan-street, has tested two specimens, one contained 42 per cent, of metal, the other 51 per cent.- Goulburn Herald, April 19. Stowing Away.-Elizabeth Castles, Elizabeth Johnson, and Fanny Davis, were brought before Captain Browne, on Saturday, under the follow- ing circumstances. The master of the Spec, bound for the South Sea Islands, having received information that the crew intended to stow away several women, gave notice to the water police, and on Thursday night the three females before the court were found under the aft deck among the coals, nearly in a state of nudity. In their defence, they said that they had been invited on board by some of the sailors, and promised a trip to California. Captain Browne said that, although asevere punishment, under the Vagrant Act, might be inflicted, he, having forgiven first offences in the cases of sereral men who were stowed away in vessels bound for California, would dismiss the girls, warning them, however, of the consequences if again detected in a similar attempt.-Herald, April 21. 