GEELONG. GEELONG AND WESTERN DISTRICT FIRE AND MARINE INSURANCE COMPANY.-A meeting of shareholders in the above company, was held this day at Mack's Hotel, for the election of officers, Charles John Dennys,.Esq. in the chair. A ballot was taken for live directors, and the following gentlemen were chosen :-Charles John Dennys, Charles Nantes, Silas Harding, George T. Lloyd, Edward Willis. Proposed by Mr Faircloth, and seconded by Mr Hutton-That Mr John Sleath Hill be appointed the manager of the Geelong Insurance Company, and that Mr J. A. Gregory be appointed solicitor. Carried unanimonsly. A ballot wase taken for the bankers to the company, and tbhe Bank of Australasia was chosen. 'the nompany is thus completely organised and willno:doubt very quickly commence business operations. The event is one which warrants congratulatory no tice, as it'will confer many advantages upon the inhabitants of the western district--especially to parties seeking investment or advances, asarell as to parties who would prefer insuring in a local company. ASSAULT AND ROBBERY.-A most daring attack was made upon Mr. Parkinson, last night, in the vicinity of the Theatre, soon after the close of the performances. A gang of thieves rushed upon him, and overpowered him, taking away his watch, purse, bunch of keys, &c.; As in similar instances, the ruffians efected their object by throttling their victim and leaving him insensible, Mr. Carman is on the look-out, and we have no doubt but that, having deter mined to make a discovery and capture, he will succeed. LAND SALE.-Mr. Fawcett, sold on Tuesday, at Chilwell, two allotments of land; twenty-five feet by eighty-nine, in Bond-street, at £6 6s Od per lot. T9wo allotments in.Clarendon-street, at £6 6s Od per lot; four allotments in Saffron- street, at £4 Os Od per lot ; four allotments in Clarendon-street, at £4"O Od per lot; two allot ments in Saffron-street,. at £3 10s Od per lot: two allotments in Clarendon-street, at £3 le Od per lot; one allotment in Saffron- street, at £6 per lot; one allotment in Clarendon-street, at £6 per lot, and at Little Scotland-one allot. ment of land in O'Connel-street, forty-nine and a half feet by 140 feet, at.13s. per foot. The whole of the above found ready purchasers at cash prices. THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.- A few years ago, and men spoke of the rapid and certain communi- cations kept up by that "no plus ultra" of all coaching conveyance-" the mail." Snorting steam-engines gave the "go by" to four- horse coaches; and electric telegraphs, in some mea- sure, are doing the same kind office to the rail- roads. The conclusion of the subjoined para- graph, 'that two or three minutes will le lost between London and Paris," is so characteristic showing, as it does, how soon mankind adapts itself to new circumastances-that we could not resist a comment "en passent."-"The French Government has, it appears, decided on making a trial of Mr. Bain's electro- chemical telegraph for the line between Calais and Paris. Two in- strunents, one for Calais, the other for Paris, are being made by M. Chevalier, the opticin, the instrument which Mr. Bain exhibited to the tele' graphic commission servitg as the model. These insttruments will be realy in abont three wetks? but it is feared that. Cthe submarine telegraph of Mr. Brett between Calais and Dover will not be ready so soon, consequently, the eOtirelino between London and Paris will not be completed at the time when the electro- chemical telegraph. is established. When the line shall be complete, a despatch of about ten lines may be transmitted and transcribed from Paris to London in about five minutes. The eleetro-ehemical telegraph transmits 1200 letters, or about 150 words,,n one minnte, but some time is required for transcribing the despatch, which is receieved upon a disk of prepared paper. If the rate of speed in trans mission be diminished, it is not necessary to wait for the whole of the despatch before a clerk be gins to transcribe it. After a little practice, a person standing near the disk can dictate to a clerk the words as they arrive, and the despatch is written out as soon as it is transmitted.. Two minutes,-therefore, would suflice for a short des jintch from 'Paris to Londoni, if the same instru m?ent were to supply the entire line; hbut as the submarine telegraph 'will not probably be ivoiked by the same index,.two or three minutes will be lost in Calais."-Mining Journal. One thousand miles of telegraph has been opened up in Austria unaking a total of two thousand miles; about one half of which has had the wires laid undergrouud,t and another thousand miles will be ready in another twelvemonth. On the 1st of October * telegraphic union between Austria, Prussia, Saxony, and Bavaria, came into operation under a uniform tariff London is only two minutes' off Paris,-the residents of the two capitals are nearer than next door neighbours, and when the line-which is rapidly progressing-is completed St. Petersbnrgh will be nearer London than the Advertiser Olffice is to the New Jetty. But, thlank our lucky stars, we can compete withthem. By'our postal arrangements we can do "forty miles in twenty-four hours. Thie tortoise beat the hare,-so at. least says JEsoppho p was a sporting reporter of the race;: Then w?hy should not our mail-cart take the shine out of ,he tele graph? . > SNAKE ATTACK.-As a Mrs Kendall, of Bates' Ford, was sitting in the opening of her door which fronts the Derwent Hotel-on Tuesday evening, nursing an infant, her attention was arrested by a hissing noise, which appeared to come from a spot a short distance from where she was seated. Turning her, head, she per ceived a large snake with its head erect, and ap parently in the act of making a dart. Mrs. K. was dreadfully alarmed: she sprang from her seat and cried for assistance. As soon as the poor woman started from her seat the venomous reptile made a spring at her, and she fell back ward over the stool on which she had been seated. Just at this critical moment, Mr. Butler, of the Derwent Hotel, who had heard the cry for assist ance, ran into the house, and seeing the reptile he immediately despatched it with a spade. On measuring the creature after death it was found to be nearly seven feet in length: it was of the diamond species, and it is supposed the bush-fires in the neighbourhood had driven it from its usual haunts. DESTRUCTIVE FIRES.-On Tuesday, Bates' Ford was visited with a very destructive bush fire, which extended at one time nearly four miles in breadth. The fire came from the direction of Dr. Learmonth's station-it com municated with the premises of Mr Ryan and Mr Mara, which it soon totally destroyed, together with about 3000 bushels of wheat and oats, and two large stacks of hay, thence it proceeded to Mr Highett's farm and about eight o'clock in the evening the premises were in flames, but through the prompt and almost superhuman' efforts of Messrs Butler and Hutton, in which they perse vered for nearly four hours-the fire was got under, and the property, saved. Later in the evening the fire reached Mr Darling's place, and that gentleman's new house and vineyard were totally destroyed by the devouring elements. Mr Ryan and Mr Mara have been reduced from comparative competency to beggary by the con flagration. The residents at Bates' Ford speak in the highest terms of Mr Butler, they say his exertions were unwearied to check the progress of the flames, and thereby to save the property of his neighbours. The hurried report which reached town on the evening of the fire represent ed the greatest loss to have been sustained by Mr O'Meara-instead of Mr Mara. The Lord Bishop f Melbourne is announced to. preside at the third Annual Meeting of the Christ's Church Benevolent Society this evening, at the School.room. , His Lordship will leave for Melbourne, tomorrow. TE W n?TER.- TWithin the lastL twenty-four? hours, namely, between Tuesday and Wedniesday evening. wehave experienced very keenly some thingof the vriable uature of our climate. On Tuesday afiernoon, as was mentioned in Wed nesday morning's Advertiser, thie heat was op pressive; the atmosphere was stifling, the hot air almost withered every faculty, and almost every body was prostrate. Although somewhat mitigated by an evening breeze, the night was a restless one, for most of the inhabitanits could neither lie in their beds nor lie out of them. Therewaes a.changa during the morning, end Wednesdar was blowy and dusty until the even ing, when it became so cool, that tlhe sight of a fire was br no means unpleasant. At sunset the sky, fora short tinie, presented a very peculiar apjearance. The clouds were piled in masses, exhibiting the varied colors of the rainbow, hbut the.? n?cet striking "feature of the phenomena," was a sheet of deep green stretching over the sky, and which appeared in vivid relief, realising the idea of celestial green fields. The contrast between the gold and green was very striking, and caused one to regret that all should so soon fade away " like the baseless fabric of a vision." THE TOWNSHIP OF BELLERINE.-We are in formed that a nev township to be called Bellerine, is now being laid out onv the Government Sur veyors, at Indented Head. Than the spot chosen no locality for a township could be more appro priate, more especially as one of its greatest drawbacks-the want of water-has been over come, it having been recently discovered there, by digging, in quantities for the supply of all purposes., .In fact by this means one settler has been enabled to raise it into troughs, and water epwards of four thousand sheep. The population in the neighbourhood is rapidly increasing. On all sides farms are being fenead in. In every direction houses and hbuts are being erected; and from the fertility of the surroundino country it eill at no ilistant period become one of the finest wheat districts in the colony. To its many natu Iral advantages there is however one drawback, that during the winter months, the road from the township to Geelong will,.in. its present state, become perfectly impassible, but even with this attendant evil there is also a remedy, for being close to the Bay, a wh-rf can'at little expense be built at which vessels drawing twelve feet of water can load and discharge, aided to which it being only six miles out of the direct track of the steamers trading between Melbourneo and Gee-' long, an inducement would thus be offered for them' to make it a place of'call. Many persons are very anxious ts become purchasers of some of the town lots; and are in hopeful expectancy that at' least some of them should he offered at the next land sales; and we have heard of one person who in conjunction with other matters which we are not at present at liberty to announce, proposes to establish a fishery there in connexion with a saltin, and drying establishment, for he represents that Schnapper and all other fish ind genous to Corio Ba y, abound in that particular spot. It is to be lioped that the upset price will be such us to enable the smeall capitalist to com pete with the ]ind jobber, the evil of which has continued so long and been so apparent in Gooee long; and their title being direct from the Crown will be a preventative against the legnal quirks and quibbles which are in danger of arising. Norcs, Escouxrsn.-On Wednesday night, a person residing at Ashby, was returninghome, and having reached tlhe Gully crossed it, and swas moimting the high bank on the Ashby aide, when his attention was attraeied by an object l'ing on the ground. Vaguet ideas of robbers crossed his mind, in which pleasing ideas were not much rulieved when the black object wagged its head at him, and then starting tfrom its re. cumbent posture, stood upwright, and expressed in broken English a desire to tako it out of him; and suiting the action to the word "let -fly right and lef't." The contest was short and sharp; and the round ended, by both tumbling head over heels down the steep bank into the gnlley ; and before our friend could recover from the suddenness of the aflitir, his assailant, siho was ait black fellow; had bolted on the approach of foot steps, and was seen flying far away into the darkness of the night; , T'rie Poatieon O?ite.-The 'correctness of the observations contained in a paragraph under,the above headitig, which appeared in the Advertiser of yesterday, was not only impugned but totally denied by dais Worship the 3ravor, who pubiiely drew the atteition of our reporter to the state ment. We have to depniid upon the veracity of our reporter : and as tie parneraph tallied with the Police report of the daltis Worship's ob servation should have been levelled at the report, not at the paragraphl. We stated that an in formation iid by the Chief Constable was not on oath : his Worship distinctly stated the conitrary, and aflirms what we denied. Our reporter MAY have been mistaken,hut we place more dependence on hisaveracity than that on his Worship. The fact was commnented uponi both in and out of the Court at thetime. His Worship stated thatthe accused pleaded guilty. That we doemphatically deny. Tihe accused stated that, t ho had nothing to say,", which requires no great deal of legael acetumeno to distingmish from a plea of "gtilty," although his Worship seems to have confounded the two as synonimous, and in the confusion comniitted the irregualarity.exposed in our yester day's issue, and commented upon in the mildest terms that we could cull from our vocabulary. We say again the proceeding was irregular; the plea of the 'arraigned' wrongly construed, and of course the committal must be vitiated by these antecedents. Even if his Worship estab d esilhis asseMtion, th.t t.h chief ceonstabl was sworn, the biunder commlitte in ml:istaing the plea of the accused, vitiates his ulterior docision, and justifies the term that we applied to it, " Irregular." His Worship makes a sweeping general assertion, that the paragraph w?s totally untrue, and fixes awsa basis for the denunciation the statement recorded, which he will pardon u for thinking still apocryphnl. So far we leave the matter to our readerl. But thereoerere two sulbects of complaint in that paragraph, the: merits of the first is not at all altereil by his: Worship's special objection, though artfelly taken, and the second totally untouched, though involved in the charge of being untrue. We will assume the interrogative. Did not your Worship cause to be administered on oath to a party accused of larceny, pending the enquiry, and then on the accused's own statement acquil him, although but a moment before your 1 or. ship expressed your opinion,, which was as com pletely opposite to your decision, as two oppo sites could be. The truth of the paragraph was its sting. His Worship may cry out when pricked, and when oir.veraecty is called in qnestion; much less denounced, we shall not refrain from makini our voice heard. TancBEcau.-The..late robbery of.timber points to the necessity of some means of pre caution, to prevent recurrences of a similar nature. Complaints have been repeatedly made of the losses sustained, and timber that hlas dis appeared in a most mysterious manner. The supposition may be more shrewd than charitable, that on certain occasions, mistakes occur in loading and carting away timber, which mis takes are not subsequently rectified. From the frequent occurrence of such neacts, the censorious are led to believe, that there is a certain degree of wilfulness mixed up with them-and as the same feeling might hbe entertained at the rolice Oflfice, we would warn all parties to ke ex oeedingly cautious, and when a mistake has been made to lose no time in rectifying ft Report says that shippers of timber to'this port have from time to timo complained of a deficit in the amomunt of their cargo, which may be now in some degree accounted for. A distinctive mark ought to be placed on the timber, so as to make detection easy, if the property could be traced, and any merchant could easily devise d simple mode to effect such a purpose, the marks of which would not be easily removed without ex citing suspicion. The tinmber in many instances, of late, liha been left to take care of itself, float ing about whither it would: It is no unusual plan for an auctioner to place a watchman to look after the. property until sold-would not a similer precaution be advantageous to the pur chasers or consignees of such timber.., We think it would prevent pilfeloring, and save much pro perty. - 