THE CONFLAGRATION. (From the Geelong Advertiser, February 8th.) The calamity which has fallen upon the farmers of the Barrabool Hills and the valley of the Moorabool, is so awful in its aspect, so sudden in its accomplishment, so lament- able in its consequences, that it can only be equalled in those pages of history where in- vading armies are described as laying coun- tries waste with fire and sword. In the course of a few hours the labour of many years has been reduced to nought, and the stout hearts which have borne up hopefully against many reverses, are again cast down in despair. The highly cultivated district which on Thursday morning was teeming with the fruits of harvest, is now a blackened smoking waste; the stacks of wheat are reduced to little heaps of tinders; the fences are only traceable by the red lines of ashes; the sites of houses are here and there only recognizable by heaps of smouldering ashes, or a few solitary stone or brick chimneys. Where a hut has been saved, it is crowded by those who have no longer roofs of their own to shelter them; and although a manly fortitude sustains many of the elder inmates, yet the poor children, wandering through the black- ened fields, more truly give expression to the woe which possesses every breast. The calamity was one which defied pre- caution. The hot blast and devouring flame seemed endowed with Satanic life. Now, the flame coursed along the dry herbage with the speed of a race-horse; anon, it leaped into the branches of some tall tree, and the wind tore off the flaming limbs and carried them over roads and creeks; here, it stopped a moment at the fence, and the posts and rails fell crumbled into charcoal; there the flame ran along in tongues, licking up the stubble, carrying along the ears left by the gleaner and throwing them into the stacks and thatch; the conflagration actually streamed from hill- top to hill-top, and where the stacks had been drenched with water, leaped over them, and hurried on its course on the other side. Where man faced the devouring element, he was driven back, and in more than one instance was laid prostrate, and burned to a cinder in the open fields. It would be a noble deed, in those whom the ruin has not reached, by an immediate, effort of benevolence, to place the sufferers as nearly as possible in the position which they occupied previous to the calamity; by an adequate subscription to restore huts and fences, and to place a sufficient sum in the hands of the poor people to enable them to carry on farming operations for the next season. The process by which this can be accomplished, is holding a public meeting, organising a sufficient system of collection, appointing a committee to inquire into the extent of losses, and to apportion the funds subscribed according to the exigency of par- ticular cases. All this can and will he done promptly. Were it not that we know that better men will take the matter earnestly in hand, we would, ourselves, at once, regardless of the usual forms, appoint an hour and place for the people to assemble. But the movement will not be the less effectual for being more deliberate. PARTICULARS. So wide spread has been the devastation of the late fire, that it will be many days before com- plete details of its ravages can be collected. In the mean time the following may be relied upon as an accurate statement of the facts which have come to our knowledge. On the Barrabool Hills the house, barns, stables, &c.;, seven buildings in all, belonging to Mr. Holmes, with all his stacks and fences, were utterly destroyed. It was at this point that the fire crossed the river. Mr. Bennett's stacks and fences are destroyed, as are also those of Mr. Heard. Mr. Fisher's house was saved, the whole of his crops destroyed. Mr. Thomas has lost his house, stacks, fences, and implements, including a very valuable thrashing machine. On Mrs. Wilson's farm everything is destroyed; but the report of her death prevalent yesterday is incor- rect. She is living in the house of her neigh- bour, Mr. Leigh, one of the few whose premises escaped destruction. Mr. Michael Holian has had everything destroyed with the exception of a small hut. Mr. Piper had his stone house de- stroyed, but succeeded in saving one stack. Mr. Furlong's stacks and fences are burnt; Mrs. Fur- long was severely burnt, and her injuries may be fatal. Mr. Honey's house escaped destruction on Thursday, but took fire yesterday afternoon, and was totally consumed. At Mr. Hooper's, on the Waurn Ponds, the houses, barns, stacks, fences, and implements were all destroyed, and three lives lost. The particulars of the inquest held on the bodies will be found in another column. At Mr. Simmons' everything is lost, as is also the case at Mr. Powell's. Mr. Dewing with other losses had a newly erected fence burnt. But we cannot even enumerate the names of all the sufferers. We have had no precise information about the vineyards. It is reported that Belpe- roud's is partially destroyed. Petavil's is safe. On tho Corio side of the Moorabool, the confla- gration seized Mr. Costigan's farm, swept over the heights, and passed through Mr. McLean's paddock, without inflicting further injury than destroying the grass, and throwing out a black tongue that licked the little herbage visible. From the ranges overlooking Costigan's and the neighbouring farms the scene was dismal in the extreme—burnt black, the charred embers steamed heavily from the recent ruins—the chimney stack upright, was the only object visible, the solitary remnant of house, huts, barns, and farm pro-duce. Mr. Wallace's house is burned to the ground, to- gether with his farming implements, seven nun-i dred bushels of corn and several fences; his losses are estimated at £800. Mr. Jacks has suffered little if any. Costigan has lost a barn, five ricks of oats, one rick of barley, one rick of hay contain-ing sixty tons, one rick of wheat, farming imple-ments, a winnowing machine, dray and tarpaulin, beds and clothes of every description are utterly gone, and the flames still linger on the banks of the creek, which we crossed at Costigan's over to McCarthy's. The desolation we had already wit- nessed somewhat prepared us for the sight we encountered. Three dwelling-houses had gone downin the fire, which raged here in unparal-leled violence; a few cinders and charred rafters marked the spot where a barn had stood; the irons of three ploughs lay in the ashes at another place, alongside the ironwork of a winnowing machine, half-buried in the ashes of 600 bushels of wheat in chaff, and the same quantity in rick. There were the roasted carcasses of four calves teth-ered, and pigs fattened, burnt black and burst by the flames; forty dairy pigs perished, and were lying about in every direction, and more than half that number severely injured; six large ones lay in one heap along the Marrabool. A hundred and fifty fowls were destroyed. Forty tons of hay, the whole of the fencing, the dairy is utterly gone, and butter to the worth of £70 spoiled, and dairy utensils to the value of £50, have been destroyed. With the houses and huts perished the whole of their furniture and apparel-- ono pair of hoots »Titi a shirt being all that was saved, The stock- yard was burned, and the cows, frightened off by the flames, have fled, Mrs, Murphy, living on the farm, had a nasrow escape ; she wa3 obliged to fly ?with her, two children, and take refuge in the river ; and so close were the flames upon her that the hut was in a blaze before she left it. Tho Ïioor woman had only been confined a fortnight. Irs. Mullins, living on a neighbouring farm, plunged into tho creek with four of her children for safety. Connor's farra, produce, and imple- ments are utterly destroyed. On Robinson's farm, four thousand bushels of wheat and one thousand bushels of oats, together with every- thing of value. From Costigan's, the point whence we started, up to Robinson's, this point presented nothing, but black desolation. From the high range above so far as the eye could reach, the scene looked as though it had been swept by the wing of .the destroying angel. "% The following is a brief summary of tho other losses on the west side of the Moorabool :-Mr. Kimber, crops and fence destroyed j Mr. Paget, barn, pigs, wheat, flour, &o.-being; a oripple ho was carried ont on his wife's back ; Mr. Arm- strong, burnt out, stock and' furniture ; Messrs. Reby, totally burnt out; Mr. Lynch,house, crops, and everything destroyed ; Mr. Mullins, burnt out ; Mr. A. Manning, hay stack, fence, &c;, destroyed ; Mr. Reynolds, house and Everything destroyed. FIRE AT THE HEADS.—On Tuesday, another fire broke out on the station of Mr. Harding, at the Swan Ponds, off Indented Head. The fire swept across a creek which runs in the vicinity, and through a largo paddock belonging to Mr. Stevens, up to the beach, at the Heads, thence it took its ddevastating way up to a neck of land to the Light House, where it demolished four of the weather-boarded stores at the Pilots' Station. Thence it ran to the margin of the water where its fury was spent. Fears were entertained that Mr. Stephens' premises would be swept away, but this calamity was averted by the prompt and energetic measures adopted by that gentleman, assisted by the residents in the neighbourhood. We are happy to hear that the damage occasion- ed by the fire in this direction, is nothing nearly so great as compared with other parts of the country. A fire broke out on Miss Drysdale and Newcombe's run, on the same clay as a spot occupied by a Charcoal burner. It is supposed to have originated from a spark thrown out from the Kiln. Tho poor man's hut and all his per- sonal effects were consumed. We have not heard if any other damage was occasioned by it. DESTRUCTION OP MOUNT PLEASANT STATION. The station of Messrs. Zelby, called Mount Pleasant, situated on the South Bench, shared the same fate with many other places of which it is our melancholy duty to record the total destruc- tion in our present issue. The particulars are as follows:—On Thursday last, a day which will be long remembered with painful interest, by the inhabitants of this district; two men who were proceeding to Loutit Bay, lighted a fire near to the station of Messrs. Zelby, which on being per- ceived by them, they went down to the men and cautioned them about it, when the fellows at once began to scatter the burning embers about in all directions, which, communicating with the parched grass and brushwood, soon set the whole place in a blaze; with the rapidity of lightning the fire ran along, and in its progress burning hurdles, huts, house, and everything valuable to the ground. The station of Mrs Tate adjoins Mount Pleasant, and would have inevitably shared the same fate with the latter, but the wind provid- entially happened to change, and the fire then took a route by the coast, around which it swept with the fury of a demon, devastating all before it. The stations of Mr. Neal, Mr. Stokes and Mr. Bowden were in the utmost danger; but we have not heard if the devouring element has as yet communicated with them, and we sincerely hope that such a fearful calamity may be averted. We understand that Messrs. Zelby have lost all their furniture, household utensils, clothes, money, and in fact everything by the calamity; they had only very recently purchased the station from Messrs. Gundry, for a large amount, and had just erected a very handsome house on the station.— We understand that their sheep were preserved. Can anything be more infamous than for men in such a season as the present has been, to kindle fires in the bush, and afterwards wantonly scatter burning embers abroad, as it is alleged the fellows did in this instance. When once the flame com- municates with the rank dry grass, there is no knowing where it may end, or what amount of damage may ensue therefrom. Such conduct is heinous in the highest degree, and no punish- ment in our opinion would be too great for such diabolical acts._ 