BUSH FIRES. (From the Portland Guardian.) Yesterday forenoon was a period of extra- ordinary heat, and we are sorry to say, of ca- lamity also. The heat from 11 o'clock, am, until afternoon was most oppressive ; a hot wind blowing from the N.N.W. in a most furi- ous manner. At this time the thermometer stood for an hour by one glass at 112° while by two others it reached 116° in the sun. The dust in the streets was most suffo- cating, penetrating the smallest crevices, and filling the houses. In consequence of the ex- cessive heat and bush fires, the last day of the races was postponed, until this day, when they duly came off. About 12 o'clock a bush fire in the vicinity of the town began to rage with the utmost fury. It sprang up near the race- course,, and through the violence of the hot wind, threatened to consume the booths, and to envelope the persons who had assembled there in the flames, before time could be afforded them to escape. By a slight change of wind, how- ever, the racers escaped ; but the resistless ele- ment swept away in its course the newly erected cottage of Mr Howard the collector of Customs, leaving time only to hurry away Mrs Howard and the family out of the house, before their residence became a perfect cinder So sudden and rapid was the progess of the flames that the fowls and goats about the premises were all consumed. The fire swept along before the wind, carrying away the fences, and all that stood in its way, for about a mile and a half, when Mr Blair, with the whole body of the constabulary, and others from the racecourse arrived in time to save his own hay-stack and residence. The utmost concern was felt in town at the same time, at the apptoach of the fire from another quarter. Burnt particles were whirling down the streets and flying over the tops of the houses in profusion. But a constable was not to be seen in town. Those of the inhabitants in their houses were making the best preparations which they could for themselves respectively , water carts and concentrated effort was at a sad dis- count. Several gentlemen did their utmost to prepare against a highly probable casualty, but the utmost which they could do was lo warn others of the danger. Fortunately the wind moderated about two o'clock, and the apprehend- sion passed away While this fire was raging in the immediate vicinity of the town, Mount Clay and the farms in that locality were enveloped in one vast blaze. Mr Millard has again been a heavy sufferer in this latter fire, and has now lost the whole of his crops. Messrs Monogue, M'Lachlan and Dick, have partaken with him in his misfortunes. The work of years has been swept awav from those industrious families and severe sufferers. Their fences, their crops, and their homes, have been annihilated at a stroke. Just at the same hour the Bush Tavern, which has stood scathless for many years in the midst of a dense forest, and proved so often a place of shelter to the forlorn traveller from the pitiless storm of winter and the scorching heat of sum- mer, is now a heap of ashes. The fire reached the buildings without warning ; and the few anti- cles which were saved from the wreck ignited afterwards with the excessive heat which the burning houses created. The bridge across the Fitzroy has shared a similar fate with the house; a dray, and it is supposed a horse, have met a similar calamity. At sea, the weather was even more fearful than on shore. Captain Reynolds reports that yesterday, when 20 miles from the Laurences, the heat was so intense, that every soul on board was struck almost powerless. A sort of whirl- wind, on the afternoon, struck the vessel, and carried the topsail, lowered down on the cap, clean out of the bolt rope, and had he not been prepared for the shock, the vessel, he has no doubt, would have been capsized. Flakes of fire were, at the time, flying thick all around the vessel from the shore in the direction of Port- land. 