THF ROADS.—No. XVIII (FROM OUR SPECIAL COMMISSIONER.) The "Idler in the Bush" tells us a rather dolorous tale of the dread with which he viewed the possible encounter of a night in the wild. What to him appeared imminent, a mile removed from Ballan, was to me presented as a stern reality in a region more desolate far. Had any casu- alty occurred to have fixed him immoveably to the side of his bivouac fire, he had at least a prospective ration of broiled horse, done au gourmand, before him for his night's sup- per and morning's breakfast, and the remains parboiled would have sufficed for him to cut at and come again until relieved by some Bal- lanese Samaritan. For me, dinnerless, was reserved a pannikin of tea, boiled in the same, and the enjoyment of the sweet end of Fancy over the spent Bohea leaves, the sole " remove" being the consolation derivable from the fume proceeding from the most intimate of my loves, the long chibouque cut from the jessamine bowers of Orient Trebizond. Our respective faux pas would appear to have arisen from the same cause,—making trail on a bush-track, which, as is generally the case, stops short the moment your indicator leaves you to pursue your own course. Undaunted, however, on this occasion by bush treachery, I pursued my route a-head, and was ultimately rewarded by the discovery of the faint and nearly effaced impressions left by the wheels of the station's bullock-drays. For two or three miles fortune smiled, and then again frown- ed, and left me to my own resources. Still I per- severed; another mile brought me to the road I sought ; and ere the sun had set, I had reached the hurdles of a sheep-station. Lone and comfortless were the shepherds' huts; decrepid, mentally and bodily, were the men themselves; the sheep they tended, a lean and degenerate flock; the country around rich grassed, and but very partially depastured over. Ten such flocks might have been sustained among those ranges with sharper ken to hold them in command. The accommodation House at the Fifteen Mile Creek had been recommended to my notice as affording, at least, a shelter for the night. My inquiries here dissuaded me from adopting such a course. I should have to search for it through the thickest of bush-a sea of dusky green I have already termed it- during the last glimpses of twilight, without a single indi- cation whereby to steer, the bush road which I had thus far followed taking another course to a place in a different direction. Moreover, should I even succeed in reaching it, scanty fare and vermin in prospective float mentally before my vision. The night was warm ; I hurried to the gap, a review of my com- missariat and means of cover by no means reas- sured me. Cover I had none, esculents I had none ; all in store for me was suction. I searched and found a small water-hole, and speedily set a fire a-blazing. The sun had set gloriously, as is his wont, in these southern climes; the rare zephyr wafted its soft and fragrant breath but coyly, the stars appeared, the cuckoo took up his station in the vicinity ; there he was at work, warbling the self-same song and self-same note, pitched to the self-same key, as in the fatherland. All is not desolation to the wanderer in the wild! There was the laughing jackass, too, pouring forth that strange commixture of bray and taunt, which have earned for him his anoma- lous name. The dingo was there with his whine and his whimper; there, too, was heard the whoop of the eagle hawk, intent on his unequal war. The opossum, least wary of the feline, was there ; for the withered branches of saplings, on which he from time to time incontinently perched, were falling around me ever and anon. The bittern was there with his wail—was he hiding from some tyrant? A pause seems to ensue in animate life—it is an unearthly hush ; it is but brief. The hum and flutter of the insect tribes, the precipitant motions of beast and bird, portend change. Hark I there are sounds as of a rushing mighty wind just let loose from seas of ice far away. Already it clambers the Alpine steep so near me, and is riving and rending all before it. The echo of the shock of that concussion would fright thee denizen of cities. At first one fancies ocean is submerging a world anew, then a roar falls on the ear like the force of the world's rivers bearing on their backs the tide. The tramp of a million horsemen, with their million shouts, and the snort of their million steeds, would be quietude in comparison. The shock is over. The moveable has conquered the immoveable. A moral is there for thee, man, wert thou transplanted to see as well as hear the tale. In hearing of it only, thy idea is not brought up a tithe to the mark; its grandeur-thou can'st only realise by seeing and hearing for thyself. That mighty wind, a smug- gler heretofore, is a tyrant now. See how he lords it over the lower races. Force and strength he derives from their very opposition ; the impure atmosphere, lodged in their secret recesses, he attracts to and stimulates himself with, like a toper with fire-water. Many a sapling, proud in youth and beauty, shall bow and be up reared ere morning dawn. Many a veteran unprepared for that curt summons shall be loosed from the element he hath sprung and flourished in, by the new invader. The cold of that summer's night was intense. With the exception of a sort of spray, borne on the wings of the whirlwind, rain there was none. The bush-fire emitted dust and ashes, no longer warmth. There was peril in the close proximity to the surrounding monarchs of the forest. I retreated to a cleft in the bank of the waterhole to watch for day. Dawn, as I thought unusually protracted, came at last to rescue me from starvation and misery. I ran as hard as my benumbed limbs would permit towards my destination. I was glad, now that the trial was over, that I had not sought shelter beneath the dingy, squalid roof of the accommodation house. The country I was now traversing was a sub- ject for reflection. Park-lands, intersected by an excellent natural road, recalling to one's mind the drive through a nobleman's demesne at home, alternated here and there with swamp, without that apparent elevation or depression of surface which should satisfactorily account for the distinctive peculiarity,—a swamp covering an area of fifteen miles, intervenes over a large portion of the country between the road and river, and is doubtless connected with the sub- merged lands alluded to. Copious streams of water intersect the road in their descent from the Futter range every half mile or thereabouts. With these exceptions, there is no call for remark, until the traveller crosses a bridge thrown over a dependent of the Ovens ; after whole the illusion that he is traversing an English Park again haunts him, to be dissipated only by his arrival at the narrowed basin of the great swamp itself. To a new comer the apathy and carelessness of the authorities entrusted with the supervision of the roads will long appear marvellous, but here was made patent a case of really criminal neglect which the disbursement of half-a-sovereign would have entirely obviated. The swamp at this spot is scarcely a quarter-of-a-mile in breadth. In spring, autumn, winter, it is next to impass- able; in summer scarcely a dray crosses it without a casualty. Trees abound on the water's edge on either side. A notice affixed to the most prominent of these, inform- ing the public that there is a road over which man and horse can pass dry shod, within a quar- ter of a mile from the site of the road, would surely not have been an unreasonable facility to have afforded to the thirty thousand pil- grims who have trudged the route during the past year. Yet, incredible as it may seem, no such warning voice has ever stereotyped itself on deal. The stranger ignorant of the locality, perceives no indication, strain his eyes as he may, northwards or southwards, that such a project is possible ; not a soul better in- formed is there to guide him, and he is straightway compelled to doff shoes and stock- ings, and, let me advise him as a sufferer, trousers also, to work his way through this most dismal of swamps. Well bespattered with mud, and bruised, perhaps, by contact with a concealed snag or two, he dons his clothes, intending to cleanse himself from pollution on his arrival at the purer Ovens. But the bullock-drays, where are they ? Six of them had essayed the passage for hours, yet unload they finally find they must, and take a moiety of their bur- then at either trip. Shame on you, Inspector of Roads and Bridges, whosoever you may be ! On emerging from the swamp a gradual ascent, through the most verdant of shrub- beries, brings the traveller to Wangaratta. Not a morsel of food had I now tasted for forty-eight hours ; is that the reason, beldame Fortune, that the Ovens punt has just met with a mishap and cannot carry me to Meldrum's. Well, an intestinal war like mine, admits of no postponement. I must hie me to that other hostelry on this side the Ovens. The landlady appears to my summons. Break- fast or dinner, call it what you will, only it be speedy, let me have immediately ; for I am downright famishing. The reply is slow tor- ture-"I will go and see what the cook says." Cook, indeed ! Well, I shall count on your best diplomacy. Vain hope ! The wiles of a Metter- nich or Talleyrand would fail to move the tyrant an inch from pipe or nobbler. Three meals a day is what he was hired to furnish. The traveller he cares not for. He is not worth caring for in these times. A lone Scotchwoman from Forfar- shire provides " feeds" for " gents." Well, we are content on this occasion to pass for that ninth part of the gentleman. It is an unctu- ous mess, forsooth ; the accompaniments are not of the cleanest, nor is the charge the most moderate. The punt is now itself again. A long train of wains are biding their turn. We jump in impatiently with the foremost, and are landed at North Wangaratta. 