THE LATE SESSION OF THE LEGISLA4 TIVE COUNCIL. : (From the S. M. Herald.) The number of days on which the Connell nut during the session was eighty-five ; on tbret occasions the Speaker was obliged to adjonn; the house because there were not eighteen meiB-' ' bers present, and on one occasion only was till Speaker's attention called to the fact that theng| was not a quorum of members, and the houn? was accordingly connted. During the eightw^l five days on which the Council assembled, tsr business occupied two hundred and twenty-uiw 4| hours and five minutes. [' From the large amount of business that wu^ brought before the legislature, tbere were nolesjf than forty* one divisions in the Council, anil forty-three in the committees of tbe whole honee,| and as we last year published for the benefit i constituents the number of times in whiob mem« ber divided on both occasions, so we hare eon>| Ïiled from the Votes and Proceedings of ' legislative Council an epitome of votes dnrwjl the last session. present at divisions in Council. Committee. Totilf Allen, G. 27 Barney,'G.. 35 Berry, A. 14 Bettington, J. B... 15 Bigge, F.E. O Bligh, J.W. 20 Bowman G.. 26 Bradley W.. 24 Broadhurst, E. 25 Campbell,«.. 31 Chisholm, J. ? Christie, W. H.... 33 "Cowper, C. 31 Cox,E. 16 Darvall, J. B. 21 Dobie J.. 2» Donaldson, S. A... 36 Douglass, H G.... 34 Dumaresq, W. 13 Fitzgerald, R. 14 Flood, E. 24 Gibbes, J. G. N... 19 Holden, J. R. 30 Holroyd, A. T..~. 25 Hughes, H. 16 Icely, T.,.. 11 Jeffreys, A. 33 Jones, R. l8 King, P. P. 85 Lamb, J. 29 Leslie, G. F. 0 Macarthur. J. 28 Macarthur W. 24 Maoleay, G. 21 Manning, W. M... 33 Marsh, W. H. 16 Martin.J. 30 Mayne, W. C. 30 Merewether, F.L S. 25 Morris, A . 41 Murray, T. A_ 21 Nichols, G. R. 32 Oakes, G. l8 Osborne, A. 21 Osborne, H. 10 Parker, H. W. 37 Plunkett, J. H.... 33 Richardson, J. 17 Riddell, 6. D. 35 Smart, T. W. 82 Speaker, the Hon. the. I Suttor, W. H. 13 Thomson, E. D.... 37 Wentworth, W. C. 37 It will be seen that the Speaker called npon to vote once, and tbe Chairase < Committees twice, in consequence Af^he-« oa both sides being' equal. The- Bjttj 40 67 1 43 78 i 31 45 \ 31 ii 1 0 0 j 21 41 25 " 51 ! 23 47 | 12 37 39 70 19 26 41 74 I 39 70 j 31 47 ! 14 35 17 39 37 73 32 66 33 46 16 30 ; 19 43 36 55 27 57 40 65 17 33 12 23 37 70 15 33 24 59 41 70 0 0 23 51 36 60 22 43 38 71 16 32 28 58 42 72 42 77 28 69 20 41 29 61 33 51 32 53 17 27 2 39 38 78 16 33 42 77 36 61 0 t 17 39 42 7» 40 77 members on the whole leave» little ground of T"iT "? whan it » remembered that the rfÏÏwe who are engaged in agricultural an3 BMtoSl pursuits. Of the whole number of mVmbers only two (and those members from the Sn, viz, Mr. Bigge, who lately resigned his eat, and Mr. Leslie, who is a^sentrom the colony on the ground of iU hea 1th. lhe illness of the late Mr. Jones prevented his attendance Line a portion of the wssion, and his lamen têd dith^occurred before the labours of the ^Äimbers of Council ara not : confined to tbeir evening's attendance. Six and St?.elect committees were appointed during " the Lu' session ; and for the purpose of showing 1 what is imposed upon members, we subjoin a table of the number of committees upon which each member was selected by the house to serve.- Number of committees. Allea.G. * Barney G. + Berry A......... ° Bettmgton, J. B. » Bigge,F.E. O BHgb,T.VV. J Bowman, G. * Bradley.W. J Broadhurst, E. 4 Campbell, B. 4 I Chisholm, J. \ Christie.W.H. O Cowper, C. 20 Cox/e. 3 Darvall, J. B. 5 Dobie.J. 2 Donaldson, S. A. 12 Douglass, H. G. 7 Dumaresq, W. 4 Fitzgerald, R. 2 Flood,E. 6 Gibbes,J.G.N. 2 Holden.J. R. 4 Holroyd, A. T.. 14 Hugbes,H. 1 IcelyT.. 4 Jeffreys, A. 5 [ Jones,R. 2 King,P. P. 12 Lamb, J. 8 Leslie, G. F. 0 Macarthur, J. 9 Macarthur, W. 7 M'Leay, G. 5 Manning, W.M. 9 Marsh,W.H. 3 Martin, J. 15 Mayne, W. C. 4 Merewether, F. L. S. 9 Morris,A. IO Murray, T. A. 9 Nichols, G.R. 17 Oakes,G. 0 Osborne, A. 3 j Osborne, H. 2 Parker, H. W. 3 Plunkett, J. H. 11 Richardson, J. I Riddell, CD. 1 Sraart,T.W. 8 Speaker, the Hon. the. 2 ? Suttor, W. H. 2 ? Thomson, E.D. 12 Wentworth, W. C. 17 When it is considered that a member is not unfrequently called upon to sit upon two or three committees daily, the duties of a legislator become more onerous than he generally receives credit for. To render the statistics of the last Bession { complete, we may mention that fifty-five petitions were presented to the Legislative Coancil, and, on the day on which his Excellency prorogued the Council, the Speaker reported ?" That of seventy- four bills initiated during the session, fifty-six had been passed and assented to, one had lapsed in the house, five had been discharged from the paper, two had been dis- posed of by the question of that day six months, five had lapsed in select committees, one had been negatived on motion for third reading, three had been negatived on the motion for «econd reading, and one remained uti presen ted after leave obtained for its introduction." Boat Race.-The race between the Surinam and the Rattler's gigs, the former pulled by picked watermen from the Circular Wharf, and the latter pulled by a similar crew from the New Stairs, came off on Saturday last, at noon. As the hour approached, a considerable number of persons assembled on the various points round the Cove, and as the Surinam's boat was considered by a great many to have the advan- tage from her peculiar model and extreme light- ness, a very great amount of money was bet upon her. Indeed, we are informed, that be teen £600 and £700 changed hands on the oc cassion. The race was certainly one of the prettiest and best contested that we have seen. The boats were started by Captain Moriarty from the Red Buoy precisely at 12 o'clock, the coarse being round Goat Island and Pinchgut. In starting the Rattler's gig got a lead of about a boat and half's length through the bow oars- man of the Surinam's gig having twice missed his stroke. With this exception both the boats started in splendid style, and for a considerable distance they kept almost abreast of each other. The Surinam's boat, however, soon got tbe lead, and kept it admirably np to the winning point, beating the other by about one hundred yards. The whole time occupied in the race did not exceed thirty-two minutes, which, when con- sidered in reference to the distance, will show how skilfully and energetically the crews of both boats have executed their task. The re- sult, as might have been expected, afforded con- siderable disappointment to the watermen of the New Stairs, and those who took an interest in their party, all of them asserting that it was not the Circular Quay crew, but the boat that won the race--Empire, Jan. 81. Coroner's Inquests.-On Saturday, an in- quest was held before the Coroner at the Golden Fleece public-house, George-street South, on view of the body of Michael Flynn. From the evidence it appears that the deceased came to Sydney on Friday night, and engaged a bed at the Golden Fleece. He was then nnder the influencé of liquor. In the course of the night he got np, forced open the door of the roon?in which he was sleeping, and threw himself ont of ra« window, His death was instantaneous. Verdict- temporary insanity.-Yesterday (Sunday) an inquest was held at the Ashfield Cottage inn, Liverpool-road, on view of the body of Richard Milion. The evidence dis- closed a melancholy case of domestio wretched- ness. The wife of deceased stated that she had every reason to believe that he had committed bigamy m marrying herself; his first wife having eloped from him, but both binding them- selves by a written document not to molest each other-in the case of new conneotims beine formed. The witness stated that she had married deceased well knowiug this fact. On Friday night, he seemed much distressed in mind, and after reading a book and utterin» Bome incoherent sentences, rushed from hil botise. His wife, fearing danger, asked Mr. Monkhouse, the landlord of the Ashfield Cot- tage inn, to seek for him, and the unfortunate man was found in a waterhole adjoining the premises. He was then dead. The jury found that deceased " had pnt a period to his exist enco while in a^ state of temporary insanity " Herald, Jan. 31. brisbane, Januart 20.-A public meeting wa. held here on the evening of the last day of tne year, called in consequence of the rejection by the Connell of the petition against certain clauses m the Constitution Bill, and also for the ST °f Tufuti"? îhe ca,umnv Propagated by »everal members of the house, who spoke on the «ccasion-that the people here are still in favor elanfp^pt,0n °.f Prwo^rs.- The meeting-dis Al S!-°p,n,,0n8» and objected as before BUI »^"V0" c,ause of the New Constitution Ä£ir?50l"i,0.n8 and a Pßt»tiön were agreed TÄ SrLIng^e3T8entiment8 on these subjects. M. AoW Correspondent. J the fatw- ANrT'~We «»^erstand that it is S3i « ». ^ <^aat to Prooeed to Eng- ten ? Io?. ÏÏÎ «WPrtnntty. Mr. Grant his mamSSr^&.t* this'colony, and was at «»e time pobee jaagisfrai«, Bt Maitland, whióí office he filled mnch to the satisfaction of the inhabitants of the Hunter River, by many of whom he is still kindly remembered. He waa also a member of the Legislative Counoil for the Northumberland Boroughs, and during the time be held a seat in the house, " he did the state some service," by his endeavours to abolish the coal monopoly, and to have the slaughter houses removed from the city. Though he did not altogether succeed, he was the first to take these matters np, and laid the foundation upon which others worked until the monopoly ia coal waa abolished. During the passing of the Reform Bill in England, Mr. Gr.int took a very active part in all the political discussions then going on, being the proprietor of the True Sun, Loudon newspaper, iu the establishment of «Inch he expended a large fortune. He has now sunk into the " sere and yellow leaf," and after having bo long fought the battles of the people finds himself neglected by those for whom he so manfully battled. We trust the colonists of New South Wales «ill not let Mr. Grant depart from our shores without some substantial mark of respect being bestowed upon him. Some of his old friends at the Hunter might perhaps think of tbia.-Peoples Advocate. An Austealiam Jack Sheppard.- The youth Thomas or John Payne, whose daring escape by jumping off a steamer m the harbour, while in custody of the police, we published in Tuesday's paper, is about 19 } ears old, and a native of the colony. His mother lives at Parramatta. Payne was, in the first instance, apprehended at Mudgee, and when being marched by the constables from Mudgee to Bathurst, he effected his escape, but was found secreted in a cave, and secured. He was tried at the Circuit Court, Bathurst, in February, 1852, for felony, and was sentenced to six years hard labour on the roads. He wa3 sent to Newcastle, to work his term of years on the breakwater, but he escaped, and when re-taken it was considered futile to try and keep him there. He was sentenced to an additional year of punishment for escaping, and was put on board a steamer to be conveyed to Sydney, en route for Cookatoo Island. While the steamer was passing up the harbour, Payne jumped over- board and escaped to the shore. He is still at liberty.-Empire, Jan. 28. Dkatton -There has been a plentiful fall of rain during the week, much to the advantage of the surrounding stations.-Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan. l8. Shocking Death of a Constable -Thomas Macguire, a constable of the Brisbane police, met his death on Tuesday last, in the following shocking manner: - Having been sent with Constable Tredennick to execute a warrant at Durandur, on a man named Henry Waintling, who had been charged by Mr. Duncan Campbell with having threatened his life, the deceased remained behind, about forty miles from town, telling his companion he would follow. Not arriving that night at Durandur, Tredenick went back to look for him, and after a search found the body of the unfortunate man, lying on the ground and dreadfully scorched by the bush fire, which had been raging round. The Coroner, Dr. Swift, having been informed of the event, proceeded to the place, and after the official enquiry, pronounced the death of Macguire to have been caused by suffocation, while the de- ceased was intoxicated, and the body to have been subsequently burnt by the bush fire. Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan. l8. Brisbane.-The Weather -On Tuesday IabI, a terrific hot wind blew, all day, which was aggravated in intensity by the bush-fires, which raged to windward. The next day, a marked change arrived in the temperature, and Thursday closed with a shower. Friday and Saturday were more or less rainy, very much to the benefit of the agriculturists. -On Saturday evening, a thunderstorm, of short duration, broke over the town, leaving the atmosphere clear and cool. On Sunday a good deal of rain fell in successive showers, which ceased before Monday morning.-Moreton Bay Free Press, Jan. l8. Conspiracy.-William M'Leod, Martin Lynch, and William Lowe, charged by Mr. Weir, of William-street, with conspiracy, the details of which charge have already appeared in this paper, were fully committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court, but admitted to bail. James Kimber, Martin Lynch, and William M'Leod, were then charged" by Mr. Holmes, of King-street, with a similar offence. Messrs. Cory and Nichols conducted the prosecution, and Messrs. Little and Roberts the defence. The defendants were committed for trial, but allowed bail.-Empire, Jan. 29. Highway Robberies.-We are, sorry to hear that the southern road is still very much infes- ted with robbers. On Friday last, three re- spectable men, named Brown, Guy, and Shaw, who were travelling to the Ovens, were stopped beyond Gundagai by five armed men, who, because they resisted, beat them a good deal, and succeeded in robbing them of nearly £40 and a revolver. A strong patrol is urgently required between the Murray and ¡Murrum bidgee*. Herald, Jan. 29. Assault Upon a ,Young Giri,. - William Coulbourn, who was stated to be the mate of a ship, waB brought up for examination yesterday, charged with having committed an assault upon Bridget Moore, the daughter of Mr. James Moore, a dealer in ornithological specimens, in Pitt-street. The evidence of the girl may be compressed into a few words :-She was pro- ceeding with her three elder sisters towards Robinson's baths on Wednesday morning, about half-past four o'clock ; when they reached the .entrance of that portion of Hyde Park, well known as the Lovers' Walk, the defendant came up, seized her round the waist, threw her down, and attempted other improprieties. She soreamed for help, and her sisters joined in con- cert. This brought a Mr. Coleman to the spot, who rescued her from her perilous situation, but not without the receipt of some severe blows from Coulburn. A policeman then came np, who took the latter into custody. The case was perfectly clear, and he was committed to take his trial for the offence.- Bell's Life, January 29. Heavy Wet.-At the Flag Ship on Wednes- day the gangway ladder gave way, and knocked some gentlemen into the water. Among them was G. Thornton, Esq , J.r., and Custom-house A. His Worship swam in first-rate style. The Mayor was also knocked overboard, and the swimming match .between the Mayor in ess« and the ex-Mayor was about as brilliant an affair as any which came off. The two J.P.'s swam to a waterman's boat, the Mayor coming in winner by a neck.-Bell's Life, Jan. 29. A Restoration to the World.-Many of our readers will remember the caBe of Mr. Wm. Mason, formerly a stockholder on the Pine River, and wbo was accidentally shot iu the hip, while mounting his horse, three years ago last March. Mr. Mason is at length sufficiently recovered to be discharged by the surgeons, ami accordingly left the hospital this week, after having been an inmate thereof for four years all but two months. -Moreton Bay Courier, Jan. 8. Steam by way or Torres Straits.-We understand that the directors of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company bave been in oommuuication with a merchant and shipping agent in Sydney, with a view to obtain all available information respecting the facilities existing for steam communication between these colonies and Singapore, b\ way of Torres Straits ; the localities of suitable coaling stations, &o.; This is a movement in the right direction. moreton Bay Courier. 