GOULBURN. , {From Hie Goulbwn Herald of Saturday) Bush Fires.— The country immediately round Goulburn and for several miles beyond it in every direction, has for many days fast been one continued blaze of bush fires. We were inclined to think at one time that the conflagration would equal that which took place at Geelong a few years ago. About four o'clock in the afternoon of Monday the town of Goulburn was completely, enveloped in smoke, driven in upon us by a series of cross currents of air. The bush on the ranges round the town was one general blaze for several miles, and that part which appeared gloomy in the distance was smouldering and producing a suffocating smoke. In the neighbourhood of Gunning the fires raged with great fury, and we have been assured by an eye-witness that he travelled thirty-two miles with almost insupportable bush-fires on each side of him. They extended from Mrs. Howell's station, on the Brewer road, to within two miles of Gunning. Instead of approaching Gunning in a direct line, it wheeled off round towards the ranges, and after having devastated in that direction, it approached within two miles of Gunning, when it was stayed. We have been informed that two paddocks of wheat belonging to Mr. Ryan have been totally destroyed. We understand that the blacks employed by Mrs. Howell have been the immediate cause of the fires in that direction. This is a mere specimen of what we could record relative to these fires, as we have in general terms learned that the whole of the country round Goulburn has been in a blaze, and that considerable injury has been done to property in almost every direction. The Fitzpatrick Diggings. — Mr. Fitz patiick, with a degree- of energy and enterprise particularly characteristic of himself, made a bold effort to secure the offered reward of £1000 for the discovery of a working gold-field in the neighbourhood of Goulburn. To effect tnis ob ject, he was zealously supported by several Goulburn men of energy and enterprise, and amongst others by Mr. T. O'Donnell, who, is. in himself, in such an enterprise, a tower of strength..^ We have learned from this trial that gold does, n exist in the neighbourhood of Goulburn, but not. in paying quantities. It was, however,: only reasonable to conjecture, after the opinion ex pressed by the Bev. Mr. Clarke, 'that gold did exist in the county of Argyle,' that. the' neigh- bourhood of Goulburn might be as likely a place for its existence as &ny; other part of; the county. It was reserved for Mr. Fitzp'ajtrick, to test the soundness of the opinion thus' reserved !by the great geologist, and he has done so with a zeal and energy that does him credit. He has .failed, and it is much to be regretted ; however, there; is some consolation in the idea that where be has been sinking will make a first- rate reservoir.ior supplying the inhabitants of Goulburn with good and cheap .water. We are glad of this, as, .it will afford a sure and constant supply, and at the same time remunerate Mr. Fitzpatrick and those engaged with him in the enterprise for their toil, trouble and expense. 