THE SOUTHiSRN DISTRICT. (From the Goulburn Herald of Satuiday.) BUSH IÍ'ISICS.-Thu country immediately round Goulburn and for several miles beyond it in every direction, has for many days past been one con- tinued bla^e of bush hies. * Wo were inclined to think nt one time that the conflagration would equul that which took piuco in Geelong a lew V ears ago. Abuut 4 o'clock in tho ulteiuoon of Monday the ton ii of Goulburn wus completely enveloped in smoko, di ¡ven in upon us bv a scries of noss curionts of air. Tbo bush on tho ranges round tho town wus ono goneini bla/o for sovcrul miles, and that part which appealed gloomy in the distanco was smouldering and producing a sufluiMtiHg smoko. In tbo neighbourhood of Gunning the files raged with g^eat lort, and wo have been asstuod by an e}0-witness that ho tra- velled 02 miles with almost insupportable bush fires on each side of bim. They extended from Mrs. How ell's station on the Drew cr-1 otu! to within two miles of Gunning. Instead of ap- proaching Gunning in a direct line, it wheeled on" round towards tho ranges, and after having devas- tated in that dilcction, it appiouehod within two miles ol'Quailing, whon it vvasstavi'd. Wo havo been informed that tito paddocks ot wheat belong- ing to Mr. By un have been totally destroyed. Wo iindeistuud that the blacks employ til by Mrs. Howell have buen lim immedittfo euuso of the fires in Unit direction. This is a mci o specimen nt what wo could rcuonl lelativo to theso flies, us wo have in gnnei al terms lent ned that tho whole of tho country round Goulburn him been in a bla/e, and that con- siderable injiir} has been doao to propel 1} in ahnoat overy direction. Tim FIT71'ATBICK Dtc(ii!,os.-Mr. Fitzpatrick, with a dcgieo of cneigv and enterprise peoiiliuil} chaiiictenstio of himself, mado a bold eflcirtrose euro the olfcred io«uni of £1000 for tho discovery ol'a working golil-fiohl in the neigbbouihuod o'f Goulburn. To effect this object ho was railuusly supported by boveral Goulburn mon ol energy and onterpi¡se, und amongst others by Mr. T. O'Don nell, who is in himself, in bitch an entcipiise, a tower ofstiength. Wo have learned from this ti lal that goltl docs oxist in the neighbourhood oi Goulburn, but not in paying qn intitics. It was how over only lcasouitblo lo conjoctuie lifter the opinion expiessed by tho Rev. Sir. Clarke, " that gold did exist in tho county of Argile," that the noighboiuliood of Goulburn might fie us likely a place for Its existence ns on} other pin t ol the count}. It was reserved for Mr. Fitzpatrick to test the soundness ol'tho opinion thus ml» aimed by tho great geologist, and ho 1ms done so w lth a zeal und energy that does bim cicdit. Helms failed, and it is much to bo rogrotted j honoter theie is somo c nsolutioii lu the idea thal whcro ho has been sinking will make n first-ra to rosen oh for supplving tho inhabitants of Goulburn with good and" cheap water. Wo ino glad of this as it will tiilurd a smo and constant supply, und at thu samo time remunerate Mr. Tit/putt fok and those engaged willi bim in tho cnterpiiso for their toil, tiotibic and oxpeiiho. Tin. Ni vv lJiuntir -Wo undcrstaiid tho now Bridgo over tho Mtilmirroo roads will bo opened on the 20th instant, on which occasion there will bo somo festivity. Wo leam that thcio will bo a piocession, and that tim German Binni will hu in ittteiidiince. Wo shall bo ablo in our next issiio to givo our country readeis a "full, true, and particular account" of tho w bolo proceedings. Illino merni time we beg to submit somo jia tionlars lelativo to this fine structure The qu.tullty of timber used for tho bridgo is 117,b"7 luet ; the length of tho biidgo is 510 feet ; its breadth is 2.1 feet, and its height is 22 foot. On tho Goulburn sido there has been a cutting of 20.10 yunis of rock and iron- stone, in order to make a road from the bridgo to the level ascending by n gentío rising till it reaches tho culminating point,and fiom thenco to Goulburn b} a lovel line of toad. Tho bridgo will bo opened b'v l'ntrick Plunkott, Esq., our worthy T'olico Mugistrutc,nt the request of the Colonial Architect, and will bo cbristoncd by him " Tho Fitz llov Bridge."-Wo understand the Odd Fellows will muren in procession on tho occasion. QmiiTKu SUSSIONS.-Tho Goulburn Court of Quarter Sessions will bo held before the Cbuirman at tho Court-house, Goulburn, on Thursday next, tho 21st instant, at 10 a.m., when mid where all prosecutors, witnosses, jurors, etc., aro required to bu in nttondanco. Tho following is n list of prisoners for trial at tho ensuing Sessions-namely, Charles Hodges, larceny ; Samuel 1'uwsov, ditto ¡ 'thomas Turnor, steal- ing in n divelling-liouso ¡ George Walker, high- way robbery ; Oeorgo Hanson, htrcony ¡ Samuel Somers, obtîiimng goods midor fulso 'proteuces ; Black I'eter and Stupid Tommy (aboriginals), assault and robbery ¡ Gcorgo Biislmell, stealing money ; William Mossiagliaui, horse stealing ; John Ryan (on bail), shooting with intent to do some grievous buddy harm ; James Bright (on bail), ntoalihg money. QUEAMII'.VAK,-Iho Churchwardens of Christ Church, Queanbeyan, having completed tho list of subscriptions for the purpose of presenting the Reverend E. Smith with an Enstor ollbring, wero much gratified in being ublo to hand him tho sam of fifty-six pounds, subscribed by his parishioners «t Queanbeyan, Bungendore, HÍurrunibidgco, nnd Molonglo. This amount is exclusivo of tho sum of twenty- five pounds handsomely presented to bim by Mr. T. A. Murray, on Easter day. Tho Reverend E. Smith, in acknowledgment, bogged tho Cb in oh wardens to express his sincere and grateful thanks to his parishioners, for tho kindly feelings which lind again prompted them to come forward with such liberal contributions for his ussistanco. Buii.Di.sn MATERIALS.-Wo aro happy fo find that tho priio of building materials'of every description is fast lulling, This will enable many owners of unfinished houses to complete them, and will pro»o of the greatest ndvautago to thoso about to build, besides, in all probability, causing a reduction in tho present, high rents. EXAMINATION OF TUB PUPILS oi mu OOULIIURV Git A.MUAII SCHOOL.-We lind tho pleasure, in com- mon uith soi end of tho gentlemon ol'tho neigh bom hood iiileicsled iii educational mutters, of being present nt the Christmas examination of tho sehohirs nltuullng tho Goulburn Giiimunir School, Old Township.--Tlio proficiency of tho pupils nHorded us mueh pleusme, nuil proves that Mr. Patterson's high reputation us a teacher is well deserved. Tho Ki euch ami music classes, under Mr. SIgmont, also acquitted themselves vory creditably. Tho prir.es woro distributed by J. Finnois M'Arttutr, Esq., who delivered an contest and iipprnpihilo addicss, impressing tho necessity ol' piosont and unremitting diligence. Alter tho dlstilbutlon of tim prizes, a very elegant edition of the works ol' Sir W'altor Scott, in 21 volumes, was presented to Mr. Patterson by his pupil«, as a testimony of tile high esteem In which thoy held his ell'urls fur (heir intellectual and moral tuhimeu liicnt, as well as thoir domestic comfort. llnsbi.T or Ma. P. DIOKAM'S SALTS uuinxo .rilli WKKK..-:)8< head fat aattlo, at XT» 7s. lid. j ion court, of nliiuh iibonl CO had calves by thoir sides, average, X2 It's. Sil. ¡ pigs, at .'IDs. Sovcial head of horses beru put up, but thcro wcro seal eel} any blddeis i n fun weio very cheap. Dray, X22 j .'IO acres of lind at Lake George, at X.'J ¡ fit) acres at Ciirruukbill}, at £i ; Goulburn allotment, Xit'J i ditto, with buildings erected on it, XBOO. _ 