Amateur Theatricals. PUBLIC amusements are so rare of occurrence with us, that it was not to be wondered at. great pleasure was generally expressed when it was announced that an Amateur Theatrical Company had been formed, and they issued their announcement of perform- ances on tho 18th and 19th instant. Rumours, as usual, had much to say as to how far it was likely they would succeed in the, to them, novel undertaking. But if expectation of ordinary success was raised beforehand, we may now safely say, the getting up of the whole went far beyond what was supposed to be possible, when the shortness of time al- lowed and the paucity of resources, were taken into consideration ; and, if we may be allowed to judge by the hearty applause and expressions of satisfaction so liberally awarded by the audience on each evening of the per formances, we should say the exertions of the Company to amuse their fellow settlers, were, most brilliantly successful. The excellence of the scenery and the whole arrangements of the stage, were matters of general astonish- ment, and reflect the greatest credit on the taste and activity of those gentlemen who presided over that department. Of the per- formers themselves, where all did their best, and that best would have been really good acting even by regular wearers of the sock and buskin, it would be invidious to single out any ona for particular comment ; all were good and shewed careful study of their parts, into which they evidently entered with full spirit. But gallantry forbids we should so slightly pass over the ladies', although even here any preference is out of the question ; the maiden diffidence of Mademoiselles Julia and Emily might perhaps excite a warm feeling in their favor, which certainly is not lessened when it is considered it was their " first ap- pearance on any stage ;" but even these young ladies deserved and obtained the fullest meed of applause; they shewed sensibility without affectation and self possession without bold- ness. From the more mature age of Dame Bouncer, excellence might have boen expected and we may say with truth this expectation was not disappointed-the cool peculating London lodging-house keeper was pourtrayed to tho life. The following prologue written by Mr. Birnie, and excellently delivered by Mr. Parry, opened the entertainment : WHEN war's loud thunder menaces our shores, How, through each patriot heart tho life blood pours ? How in each English soul tho threat that Icarus, Like bush-fire raging, martial fury burns ! The well-tried veteran quells tho rising sigh, Leaves his lov'd home, to triumph or to die ; The lawyer quits his book, tho oit his hoard, Wig, gown, pen, ledger, give place to the sword. E'on tho smug shopman and the dapper clerk Of flaming patriotism soon catch a spark. " A feller dou't ought now (says 8nooks) be seen *. To 'ide hisself from foes of is Keveon ; " No ! heach and bevery vun, 'is land's vell-visher, " Should shew 'is pluok, and serve in the militia. How jeers each roguish Mia or well-starched sub. At Brentford Oounter-maroh or Thames Yacht Club ; Yet valour oft 'gainst skill hath rear'd his head, And zeal bath ruled where science feared to tread. That gallant youthful band you lato saw rush , To brave* fatigue) and peril in the bush, . ' Careless of ease, of life, of gold, of fame, ' I Nor them nor us the English tongue can natue. FBAITCE designates with nioely-measured power The self-yokod workman of a transient hour, And bids " chevaliers sans reproche sans peun" To cheer, not scorn the humble AMATBUB. In Forney's theatro the young and fair Charmed the quick vanity of tamed Voltairo ; In Ooppct's salona, and in Ouchy's grovoB, Do Staël formed groups of graces and of loves ; And my great namesake, cleaving Northern Seas, Warmed sailors* energies by sports like these. Ah I Warrior I Poet I Scholar ! no hauteur, You each have blessed, crowned, lov'd the AUATEUH. Then blush not hero an ovoning to beguile Applaud with judgment .-if we please you, smile. What though no well-trained historian of the hour Rolls tlie rich volume of mellifluous power. In youth, in zeal, in nature if wo trust, Laugh at, laugh with us : -If you quiz bo just I Oh yown not Bundy 1 fear no-aw-sad longueur, To eheer and sparkle tries the AKATBUB. When the Queer Subject's drolleries are o'er Cry " Bufibon 1" " Zany ["-anything but ' Bonn.' Old Detonator, though he rave and storm, Will soon be seated by the mild Lukewarm. . Whilst both arokoax'd, though how thoy cannot tell, By one you all must know, Jack Nopareil. Docs' Box, his coals and candles mourn tho loss ? Dame Bouncer pleads ; then why should you bo orosa ? Nor, when the rude Hatter shuns tho light, Bo yon discouraged, but uphold him right, As right they como at last, when both agree To live, ns all Bhould live, in amity. But, hark ! that tinkling bell calls mo away, And you, I Bee, aro eager for the play. Our doubts aro over, onr misgivings eas'd, If you, kind friends, will but try lo bo pleas'd, And say of ALL by whom th' attempt is made. They miss'd NO DuTYifor this Idlo Trade 1 We must not forget to say that during the second evenings performance, two songs were excellently sung by the representativo of Sammy Spectre and Charles Mowbray, and on both evenings, at the close, " God save the Queen" was given by the whole of tho cha- racters. His Excellency and Mrs FilzGerald were !)resent both nights, and notwithstanding the joisterous and stormy weather, all parts of the house were well and respectably filled, and from what we can gather no person carne away without being satisfied with every part of the evenings performance. 