The Swan arrived from South Australia on the 26th inst., and the Bleng from the same port on the following day. We are gratified to announce both these vessels bring flour, the former 75 tons for Mr Shenton, and the latter 200 tons for the Commissariat. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. The Swan brings us papers to the 3rd inst., but wo scarcely ever remember any from the other colonies so bare of neus. The Hamlet arrived safe at Melbourne, but most of her passengers left her at Ade laide ; it appears they had a most uncomfort- able passage. We understand it is expected she will bring the remaining 200 tons of fleur for the Commissariat. At Adelaide it was reported the Nepaulese Ambassador was to bring here a cargo of fleur from Melbourne. The prices of provisions in ScuLh Australia are very high ; meat was 9d per lb., and was expected to be 2s 6d by the winter. The latest papers are silent respecting the new diggings at Echunga, we may suppose therefore they did not turn out as well as expected. RAILWAY GOVERNMENT LOAN.-The official Gazette of yesterday notifies the in- tention of the Government to receive sealed tenders from persons " desirous to advance the whole or any part of the £60,000 to be employed in the construction of the Adelaide City and Port Railway." A PASSAGE FRAUDULENTLY OBTAINED. William Adds was charged at the Port Police Court, on the 27 th ultimo, by the Immigration Agent, under the Statute, with fradulently obtaining a passage from the colony of Swan River to Port Adelaide on board the brig 'Hamlet'. He pleaded not guilty. Alexander McKissock, master of the vessel, stated that defendant had applied to work his passage at Swan River, and was refused. He was sus- pected to be on board, and the police searched but could not find him. Witness himself never saw him on board. John Hawkins, one of the crew of the Hamlet, proved that after the vessel was at sea defendant made his appearance, and was brought, down to Port Adelaide. The owner of the vessel stated that no passage nnney had been paid. He was fined £5, and in default of payment, committed to gaol for 3 months. Adelaide Mark ts.-Fine flour, at the Mills, £28 10s per ton ; do. at the Port, £30 per ton ; second flaw, at the Mills, £26 10s per ton ; do., at the Port, £28 per ton ; pol ard and bran, at the Mills, 2s 8d per bushel ; do., at the Port, 4s per bushel : wheat 10s 6d to 10s 9d per bushel. VICTORIA. The report of the discovery of a new and very valuable gold-fields near M'Intyre's station is now confirmed, and although not at present workable, from want of water, it is confidently spoken of as one likely to prove of very great productiveness. The Victoria Constitution Bill proceeds but slowly through the Committee. On the 8th the clause relating to the qualification of members of the Upper House waa postponed ia order to settle first tho qualification of electors, which was fixed at a freehold vi orth £1000, or of the annual value of £100 ; a leasehold of the annual value of £300, if used for business, and of the annual value of £150, if used for agricultural purposes ; or being possessed of 1000 head of cattle, or 800 head of sheep; being a graduate of an University, a member of the legal or medical profession. cr a minister of a religion. The Argus gives the following from their own correspondent at Balarat : The police here are in a state of mutiny. They have laid down their arms. This is a most unfortunate state of matters. The Government are much to blame. Their wretched policy of removing Mr Foster, a man much respected by the force, and having the confidence of the diggers, and indeed of all here, has caused this. Heaven knows what will be the result ! NEW SOUTH WALES. Information reached Sydney yesterday morning, of the discovery of new fields of the precious metal. They are said to be very rich, and are situated near Braidwood. A public meeting of the colonists was to be held, to take into consideration the best means of facilitating the construction of rail- ways throughout the colony. A committee to consider the principles involved in the for- mation of railroads in Australia, and also the best mode of taking tho initiative in the undertaking, was to be appointed. The official changes consequent on the de- parture of Mr E. D. Thomson from the colony have been gazetted. The Honorable Mr Campbell Drummond Riddell is to be acting Colonial Secretary ; the Honorable Mr Francis Lewis Shaw Merewether is to be acting Colonial Treasurer ; John Sterling, Esq., is to be acting Auditor-General ; Ed- ward Christopher Merewether, Esq., is to be acting Chief Inspector of Distilleries, and also Agentto the Church and School Estates. VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. Destructive Fire in Hobart Town. We have received full paiticulars of the late disastrous lire in Hobart Town, but want of space prevents our doing more than quoting from a Melbourne paper a general account of the catastrophe which is to the following effect : A dreadful fire broke out in Hobart Town on the morning of the 21st, which did an im- mense amount of damage. From private sources we learn that fourteen houses were burnt down, among them two jewellers shops, that damage to the amount of £100,000 was done, and that only £11,000 of that amount was said to be insured. The following ac- count of the outbreak is taken from the Daily Advertiser of the 21st :-This morning, about a quarter after two o'clock, a dreadful fire was discovered burning at the back of Mr Edward's shop in Liverpool-street, by two persons connected with this office, viz., the superintendent of the printing machine and the man in charge of the steam-engine, when coming to work off the paper. They imme- diately gave the alarm, and proceeded to Argyle-street, and called up Mr Hedberg, the superintendent of the Tasmanian fire engine, who was promptly on the ground with the engines. The engines from the Police Office, Military Barracks and Penitentiary were also there. From Wexford House in Liverpool street to Mr Clements, confectioner, in Elizabeth street, is now a mass of black- ened, smoking ruins. A terrific explosion of gunpowder took place about 20 minutes to 3 o'clock, in Mr Edwards's Honey Dew House, Liverpool street, which set fire to the adjoining houses. Several other explosions occurred during the fire. His Excellency the Lieutenant Governor was there, giving directions. A portion of the 99th regiment was also present and did great service under the command of Colonel Des pard, who was particularly active in superin- tending his men. Capt. King, R.N.. the Port-officer, was in- jured by a sign board falling on his head. Since writing the above we have been favored with an account by an eye witness. He states that the origin is supposed to have been in the premises occupied by Mr Hollis- dale, a fruiterer, who was said to have a large quantity of preserve in manufacture for the Melbourne market. It is supposed that these boiled over and caused the catastrophe. There were three barrels of gunpowder in Mr Edwards's house, which exploded shortly after the outbreak of the fire. The whole neighborhood felt the shock-doors and windows were burst open in all directions and a considerable distance from the scene of the fire. The quantity of burning materials that was thus scattered abroad extended the ravages of the fire very widely. Mr Jones's, the jewellers was one of the houses burnt, his stock was mostly saved. The sign board over the shop fell on Captain King, the Port officer. He was immediately placed upon it, and carried off to the doctor's. Mr Har bottle's house, decorator's shop, was saved by being covered with wet blankets. Mr Strong, the butcher, lost three horses and a gig, worth in the whole, £300. Mr Edwards, tobacconist, lost all. He is not believed to be insured. Mr Hollinsdale's, the fruiter, loss is estimated at £4000. There was a great scarcity of water. The stores of Messrs Hay and Ivey caught fire in the roof. The goods were saved by the prompt demolition of the house. The son of the owner of the steamer Culloden rushed into Edwards's house, while it was on fire, and brought out three kegs of powder. Mrs Clement's, the confectioner's shop, was des- troyed in order to stop the progress of the flames. The fire was smouldering all Sunday; the 22nd, and the ruins presented a sçene of sad destruction. No lives were lost, but there was a rumour that one man was missing. The Governor exerted himself very much. The papers still teem with accounts of the destructive bushfire on the Huon. In addi- tion to the immense loss of property, there are supposed to have perished no less than 20 persons. Gold has been discovered on the southern and south-eastern slopes of Ben Lomond, in three distinct places, indicative of a consider- able tract of auriferous country. The first of this gold was obtained so early as November last, and the second quantity was received on the 27th ultimo. The samples are rough, nuggetty, grain gold, with the shot formation of very promising appearance, and resembles Ballarat gold, and may be seen at this office. The parlies who have made this discovery, and who registered their claim to the reward on the 2nd of December last, are still pros- pecting over the field, which they believe will be found to extend north and south, expand- ing also to the east and west, and will very shortly furnish a correct description of the locality. Piracy of the Lady Franklin." On Friday morning the citizens were as- tounded with a report, that the prisoners who were despatched in the Lady Franklin, to Norfolk Island, on the 16th December last, had piratically seized that vessel, and very seriously wounded the commander, Captain Willett. , As usual in such cases Very exaggerated rumours were circulated, but the following will be found as accurate an account, as we have been enabled to ascertain from enquiries in various quarters. On the 16th of December, the Lady Franklin sailed from this port to Norfolk Island, with 22 prisoners many of them des- perate and determined characters. There was a military guard consisting of a Sergeant, a Corporal, and twelve privates of the 99th Regt, in charge of the prisoners. Shortly before the 28th of December, the Lady Franklin touched at Port Arthur when all was peaceable and orderly, but on the night of that day, Captain Willett, being in his cabin, heard a scuffle on deck, and repairing thither saw the deck crowded with prisoners, soldiers, and seamen ; he immedi- ately exclaimed," My God ! The ship is taken," and called to the mate in charge of the watch. That officer was standing on the larboard side of the ship, and was afraid to utter one word, as his life was in peril, he having been threat- ened with instant death, if he spoke one word. Captain Willett was then overpowered, al- though he most manfully resisted and fought the assailants with great bravery, and the vessel was taken possession of by the prison- ers, which possession they kept until the 8th of January ; when about two degrees north of Norfolk Island, they cut the rigging, and destroyed the chronometers, and other things, and compelled the crew to launch the long- boat and cutter, which they well stored with an abundance of the best provision, including wines and spirits, and a quantity of clothing, &c.; They then secured the officers and crew, and left the vessel. Captain Willett, after encountering great difficulties, contrived to get into Spring Bay, where he now lies with eight or nine wounds, a broken arm, and some of his teeth knocked out, but, we are happy to say, in a fair way of speedy recovery. There are various reports in reference to what is termed the diabolical conduct of some of the prisoners, but, as they are not authen- ticated, we forbear to publish them ; the account which we have published is suffici- ently shocking, without any gratuitous ex- aggeration. As soon as the news arrived in Hobart Town, the most prompt measures were adopted by the Police Department, who is- sued circulars to the several authorities on the coast to look out for, and if possible to inter- cept the pirates. It is understood that two soldiers trans- ported at Launceston, who were on board, were the ringleaders in this piracy. A strict enquiry will be made by the civil and military authorities.-Tasmanian Colonist. NEW ZEALAND. Sir George and Lady Grey sailed on the 30th December, for London, in the barque Commodore. The New Zealandcr says -" On the morning of that day His Excel- lency held a levee at the Council Chamber, which was attended by a number of colonists believed to exceed than at any previous occa- sion of the kind in Auckland ; a crowd of colonists of all classes and ranks were waiting to bid him a final farewell. He then em barked, amidst continued cheers from the peopie, the guns from "Fort Britomart firing a parting salute. 