BUSH FIRES. [From the Melbourne Argus] Almost all experienced colonists agree in predicting i very extensive and disastrous fires throughout the country districts during the present summer; and, although we have given frequent warnings upon the subject, we so fully coincide with those who see fiie . probability of serious injury, that we wish to urge the subject in the most energetic manner upon the attention of all, that every possible precaution may be taken to avert the danger, if possible, or, at all events, to mitigate its effects. Amongst the mass of population which has poured into the colony during the last two years, there are tens of thousauds who know very little of what a bush-fire in Australia is; or, how frightful a thing, under certain circumstances it may become. And as their comfort, their property, and even their lives are at stake, it will only be an act of kindness to apprise them of the danger upon the brink of which they may be slumbering. From the increase to our numbers, and the thicker settlement of the country, there is more danger of serious accident tiian ever was the case before, and it is again iucreased by the fact of this summer being a very dry one, and suc ceeding one particularly cool and moist. The grass which grew freely and thickly all through last sum mer will have become so dried by the drought and heat of the present one, that the fires which will necessarily occur will be far fiercer than is ordinarily the case. And those who recollect the terrors of the far-famed "Black Thursday," and the misery and ruin which resulted from it, will have no inclination to witness such another conflagration. Upon that frightful occasion the hot wind blew during the whole day with unexampled strength and intensity. Tne temperature, even when actually felt, appeared absolutely incredible. It struck one, when exposed to it natural atmosphere could possibly be so hot. But m fact the original heat of the wind was greatly increased by passing over a vast extent of burning country: aud the air was in leahty what it felt to be—a blast from a furnace. The whole country was overspread with a thick mrid, mysterious smoke, which reached far out to sea, and m some localities produced, even early in the afternoon, an almost total darkness. The light ashes from the burning forest were actually deposited on the decks of vessels hundreds of miles 'from land. Millions of acres of the country were swept by the fire during that dreadful day; thousands of sheep, middled together, were smothered and burnt as they stood; crops, fences, paddocks, stacks, outbuildings huts, and houses, for miles together, were iuvoived°in one common rum; and many human beings were hemm_.d m and burnt to: death. Scores of farmers and others were absolutely left peuniless, without homes, clothes, or food, and the whole colony teemed Wirh particulars of most affecting disaster It is to prevent a repetition of such sad" scenes as t.iese, that we now bring the matter prominently for ward. The casualty that has once happened has given us no immunity for die future. Precisely what took place on that awful day may take place agam this week or next. All the necessary elements 5 of disaster are ready at hand; and probably in greater profusion than they were ever found in before. Tues- day last would give our newly-arrived friends a specimen of the sort of weather which we may occa sionally expect during the next two mouths- and upon any one such day, the disasters of Black Thurs day may be repeated. Few people that have not had some actual experi ence in such matters can thoroughly understand what the bush fire of Australia is, and how very greatly it differs in intensity under different circum- stances. When the country is open, the grass a little green and the air calm, the hush-fire creeps along slowly and quietly, aud may be kept under readily enough, when advancing towards valuable property. But in thick scrubs, or when the herbage is parched up, and the wind high and from the north, the fire spreads with fearful rapidity; it runs aiong the ground licking up the grass almost as if it were a train of gunpowder, and no earthly power can stay its progress. Under some circumstances it will be arrested by a cattle track of a few inches wide. Under other circumstances it will fly across a river. On Black Thursday it came down upon the wind a perfect wall of fire, blazing up to the tops of the trees, scorching and suffocating the very birds themselves. Burning bark and flaming twigs blew on ahead; and wherever they alighted, new centres of flames burst out on all sides. Aud so rapid was the march of this fearful foe; so vast the strides with which he marched upon his victim, that the precau tions ordinarily taken, even by the carefl, were in most instances utterly useless. A few furrows turned up round a homestead, or a little ring of ground carefully burnt for a few feet in width were passed over as if they were not there at all, and the giant bounded upon bis prey without derea mg to notice auy such puny obstruction ° The means to be taken to obviate all such disasters are well enough known. Grouud once burnt during the summer can scarcely ever be burnt over again during the same season The main thing is to take care that the charmed circle be made sufficiently wide and that it be complete, so that the enemy cannot steal in at any weak points. All those who have stations, stockyards, or homesteads to protect, should see to this at once aud should take care that they individu ally are made secure, and are not in danger of being burnt out through the carelessness or ignorance of a The burning should be done on a calm day, when the fire can be kept under thorough control. If this be not taken care of, the very attempt to secure pro perty will, very probably, lead to its destruction; and innocent neighbours may be involved in a seri ous loss arising tcom such negligence. All persons liable to any sudden misfortune of this sort are now, however, fairly warned. It rests with them to take all proper precautions, and to take them at once. And should they neglect the warning we have given, they will not deserve much sympathy, if they come before the public a week or two hence with a tale of ruin and disaster, petitioning for that assistance which, if possessed of ordinary prudence, tliey would never have required. Bush Fires.—We call the attention of District Councils in general to the steps taken by the Council of Encounter Bay District, to prevent the so frequent occurrence of bash fires-the great curse of our fair colony. It will be seen by reference to our coIumns they have offered a reward of 20 to any one convicting an offender of having set fire, through carelessness or otherwise, to the bush grass or stubble. We hope other District will take similar steps, that this evil may be abated. Lchunga Diggings.—The miners who re main at the Eehuuga Diggings continue to work with spirit, under the impression that gold to an ex tent greater than has hitherto been found exists in that locality. It is difficult to ascertain the extent but iattf\ds Present operations: but the fact that s. veral of the men who were first on the ground continue there, maybe taken as an r'nartv areat ^remunerative h P -7i? ' 0 for the Iast fortnight have the hmd Chapman's Guliv, bad gone down 66 feet on Tuesday afternoon, Without cientto "ind1 hut the indications were suffi cient to induce them to persevere, let the depth be what it might. The greatest depth yet" attained in any mscance has been 95 feet. Removing Sand from the Park Lands.— ab ° xv°ff«T-Ce.John Ijawrence was on Monday by Mr- Wigley. As he had not the means the amounu ^ ^ Madi? adran^d 