VAN DIEMEN'S LAND. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE IN HOBART TOWN. We have received full particulars of the late disastrous fire in Hobart Town, but want of space prevents our doing more than quoting j from a Melbourne paper a general account of j the catastrophe which is to the following effect:— A dreadful fire broke out in Hobart Town on the morning of the 21st, which did an immense amonnt of damage. From private sources we learn ihat fourteen houses were burnt down, among them two jewellers' shops, that damage to the amount of £100,600 was done, and that only £1 1,0(10 of that amonnt was Baid to be insured. The following ac count of the outbreak is taken from the Daily Ad vertiser of the 21st This morning, about a quar ter after two o'clock, a dreadful fire was discovered burning at the back of Mr Edward's shop in Liver pool-street, by two persons connected with this office, viz., the superintendent of the printing ma chine and the man in charge of the steam- engine, when coming to work off the paper. They imme diately gave the alarm, and prooeeded to Argyle street, and called dp-Mr Hedberg, the superintend ent of the Tasmanian fire-engine, who was promptly on the ground with the engines. The engines from the Police Office, Military Barracks and Penitenti ary were also there EYom Wexford House in Liverpool-street to Mr Clements, confectioner, in Elizabeth-street, is now sr mass of blackened, smok ing ruins. ^ A terrific pxplosion of gunpowder took| place about 20 minutes to 3 o'clock, in Mr Edwards's, Honey Dew House, Liverpool-street, which set fire to the adjining houses. Several other explosions occurred daring the fire. Ilis Excellency the Lieutenant-Governor was there, giving directions. A portion of the 99th regiment was also present, and did great service under the command of Colonel Despard, who was particularly active in aup^ntending^hte men. C«q>tauj King,R.N., the Port-officer, was in jured by a sign-board falling on his head. Since writing the above we hare been favoured with an account by an eye- witness. H e states that the origin is supposed to have been in the premises occupied by Mr Hollinsdale, a fruiterer, who was. said to have a large quantity of preserves in.ma* nufacture for the Melbourne market. It i&supf; posed that these boiled over and caused., thc; catastrophe. There were three barrels of gun powder in Mr Edwards's house, which exploded shortly after the outbreak of tbe firei' The whole neighbourhood felt the shock—doors and windows were burst open in all directions, and a consider able distance' from the scene of the fire, The quimtity of burning materials that was thus scattered abroad extended the ravages of the fire very widely. Mr Jones's, the jeweller's, was one of the houses burnt, his stock was mostly saved. The sign.board ofer the shop fell on Captain King, the Port-officer. He was immediately placed npou it, and carried off to the doc to 'a. Mr Harbottle's, house decorator's shop, was saved by being covered with wet blankets.. Mr .Strong, the butchdir, lost three horses and a gif-, worth in the who!e, £S00. Mr Ewards, tobacconist, lost all. He is not be lieved to be insured.. J&r; Holliusdale's, the fruiter, rloss is estimated at. £400Q. Theie was a great soarciry of water.. The stores of Messrs Hay and Svey caught fire in the foof. The goods; were saved by fine prompt deinoj^ma of the j house. The son of the owner of "the stpu^^^tlloden [rushed into Edwards's house, while itfK||pn fire, land liro2ffk' out ' kegs or powder. Mrs Clement's, the confectioners WW destroyed ih order to stop the progress of the flames. The fire was smouldering all Sunday, the 22nd; and the ruins presented a scene oF sad destruction. No lives were lost, but there was&rumfitlf; *2at one man was missing, ; The Governor exerted himself very much. ^ The papers still teem wi(h accounts of the destruc tive bushfire on the Huon, In addition to the im mense-Joss of property, there are supposed to have SO persoir. HOBART TOWK MaBKBBS, FpTRBART S. There has been !:m>' wsin«^ our last issne. English barley, 10s to 1 Is ; Gape ditto,. Us to 45 9s to lis; first flour, 341 to 35/; hay, pressed, 26/ to 28/; bran, per bushel of 20lbs, 3s 6d to 3s 9d ; colonial potted* butter, 2s 3d; Irish, Is 9d ; Cheese per lb, Id to Is 6d; bacon and hams per lb, Is. 