WILLUNGA DISTRICT COUNCIL. There was a meeting of ratepayers at the Bush Inn Willunga, on Monday, 2nd January, pursuant to advertisement, to elect three Councillors in place of those who retired by rotation, they being eligible tor re-election. The meeting also beard Mr. Hewitt's objections to the proposed sale of two lines of road through certain sections at Aldinga, leading to My ponga by Mount Terrible: An animated discussion followed .Mr. Hewitt's speech, and the meeting having divided, the .votes were equal, when the Chairman gave his casting vote in favour of the sale. At 4 o'clock the poll was closed, when there were for Mr. C. T. Hewitt, 21 ; for Mr. Kell, 20 ; and for Mr. Hill, 20 votes; and those gentlemen, with Messrs. Bosworth aud Atkinson, form the new Council. Mr. Hewitt addressed the meeting, regretting that so little had been performed by the old Council ; but expressing a hope that, by union and energy, his coadjutors would be able, by the end of the year, to give a satisfactory account of their stewardship, and at least deserve the approbation of the rate payers. Brighton District Council. — -The rate payers of the district of Brighton met on Monday, the 2nd of January, at the Thatched House Tavern, Brighton (Major O'Halloran in the chair), and elected the three following gentlemen as District Councillors For the present year:— Messrs. T. Wilson, S. R. Hall, and H. Mosely. Mr. Grundy and Dr. Pop ham were elected to audit the accounts of the past year. Munno Para District Council — At the annual meeting of the District Council of Munno Para East, held on Monday, the 2nd instant, Messrs. Garlick, Kelly, and Paterson were elected District Councillors, and Messrs. Peterswald and Hillcoat Auditors. Bush-Fire at Maclaren.Vale.— A fire broke out on Thursday, the 29th ult, within a mile of Maclaren Vale (southward), which destroyed about 30 acres of grass and a line of bush-fence, belonging to Mrs. Browning. It was thought some children caused the fire, as it was first observed at a considerable distance from any dwelling. Were it not for the prompt and unanimous exertions of the neighbours very serious and extensive damage would have been sustained in that thriving locality. HOSTILITIES AVERTED.—Frederick Henning, who, as an upholsterer, of martial bearing, may be fairly termed a feather-bed soldier, and Carl Henning, his son, a genteel- looking young man, were charged at the Police Court yesterday with having, on the 21st of last month, proclaimed their intention to make war on the proper person of Wilhelm Langer the first convenient opportunity. From the complainant's statement it appeared that he was ready "To build up houses for his friends, : But not to charge his foes,'' unless, indeed, as on that occasion, at the Police Office, with putting him in great dread and bodily fear. In accordance with his peace principles he erected a house in Morphett-street for the elder de fendant, and on the day in question was passing the house during a thunderstorm, when he was requested to walk in and notice how freely the rain found ad mission, but refused to do so ; upon which the young man made a belligerous demonstration, called him ' a muff,' and said ' if he did not repair his bad work within a week, he might expect something.' Upon that the complainant, best knowing, of course, what he had a right to expect, laid the information, and prayed the protection of the Court. His Worship admitted that bad work should be repaired, but the defendants had no right to seek a remedy by threats, and proved by his decision that if the man is "a muff,'" he belongs to a numerous class whom the law humanely protects. His Worship dismissed the in formation as regarded the elder defendant, and ordered bis son to enter into his own recognizances in £20 to keep the peace for six months. The firm but con ciliating attitude thus assumed by His Worship averted for a half-year at least the ' horrors of war ' from the mind of Mr. Langer, who may now, for a season, cultivate in undisturbed security '"the arts of peace.' 