THE GREAT FIRE IN THE EASTERN DISTRICTS. ———————————— HAHNDORF. — On Tuesday, at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, a fire broke out in tlie mill-yard amirg the wood. There were from S00 to 1,1)00 loads, and the accident arose from sparks failing from the engine funnel, no engineer being i:i attendance at the moment. TJie wood was entirely burned, as well as the fences, the old mill-house, and the miller's residence. A stable, in which was a new dray, was also con uined. Mr. Thicle's house, and the next, belonging to his son, were much injured, partly by the fire, but more by the injudicious attempts of some neighbours to save them by catting away the doors and windows. Nearly all the inhabitants of the village, male and female, were in immediate at tendance, and exerted themselves to the utmost to arrest the progress of the flames. Fortunately the wind was not very high. It blewtillsunset frointheeast, when it freshened and shifted to the north-east. At that time, however, the danger was over, and the fire was soon extinguished. A watch was ktpt for the night, and the residents were twice re assembled by the sound of the alarm bell. No further damage has been done than what has been mentioned. The village was in imminent danger from 3 o'clock till G. Hahndorf Is abundantly supplied with water, a most every house having its own well. To iliis circum stance the preservation of the village may ba in a great degree attributed. We are requested by several residents to mention the active ser vices of Mr. Lcunou, an officer of police sta tioned at the goid-fiolds. to whose exertions on this trying occasion they consider them selves much indebted. Eciibxoa Diggings.—The fire approached Mr. liardiman's section at 4 o'clock on Wed nesday afternoon. By dint of much exertion it was got under, hut on Thursday afternoon it broke out again and attacked the fence so furiously that all the attempts of the diggers and neighbours were insufficient to arrest its progress. They were most active, and pre vented its reaching the house, which, but for tlieir assistance, must have been consumed. Among those who did the most was Mr. Rus sell, of Echunga. To him and to the diggers and neighbours the thanks of the landed pro prietors are justly due. Mr. liardiman's loss in fencing, grass, and corn amounts to about £70. A stack of wheat was surrounded by flames, but almost miraculously escaped de struction. Echunga.—On Friday Mr. Kavanagh's sections, extending more than two miles in length, were surrounded by the fire, and the fences were soon destroyed. The whole feed also was burnt, covering about 150 acres. Three acres of pota toes arc left exposed to the starviug cattle, The poor creatures are wholly burnt out, and attack, of course, every greeu leaf they can see. Mr. Penrose's house, near to Mr. Kavanagh's, was burnt to the ground on Friday. Nearly the whole country between the diggings and Echunga township is burnt up. The fire exteuds, as nearly as can be judged, about 25 miles in circumference. It has run from the diggings towards Clarendon, which it was approaching on Saturday. It had not then reached the Onkaparinga. There was a fire ia the direc tion of Strathalbyn a few days ago, and it was feared that the two might meet. On Saturday the Ecliunga district was by no means consi dered out of danger, and the District Council adjourned its Appeal Court for a week in order to allow the inhabitants to exert them selves in arresting the progress ot the ilimes. It is supposed the whole originated from the burning of a tree for charcoal about half-way between the diggings and Ecliungt. The country presents a most desolate appearance, and the road in some places is blocked np by fallen forest trees. The Fihes is the Eastern Districts — Our advices from Echunga are to the effect that on Monday the bush-fires in that direc tion had greatly abated, although a fresh one had sprung up at a distance wliieh it was feared woulin event of the hot weather con tinuing, endanger the district. It may be confidently hoped that the rain and change of temperature will have extinguished the whole ; and we are happy to add that Mr. Sanders's property, which was in such peril on Satur day, had up to Monday escaped any iujury. Mosquito Plains —From information which reached us on Saturday last, we understand that extensive and destructive fires had been raging 111 the pastoral district of Mosquito Plains, by which a great deal of the feed, and a considerable portion of property on the runs of Messrs. Steward, Seymour, and Dickson, had been destroyed. Mr. Steward being the greatest sufferer. The fire, in one case, was supposed to he the work of au incendiary; and in anither was occasioned by the careless boiling of a kettle by some workmen. We hope that, to save the country from immense losses during tire hot season, the powers of the Stubble-burning Act will be enforced with the utmost rigour. Kangaroo Island.—A large fire has been extending itself for the last four days over a great extent of country on the north-west side of Kangaroo Island. A master of a vessel which lately passed the north-west coast reports it to be one sheet of fire.—Re gister, Mundav. It undue-street on Fire.—This somewhat startling heading might have been an awful fact on Saturday night, if a circumstance which o ecu re J in the evening had taken place at a later hoar. Some person fluug care lessly into the street the lighted end of a cigar. It fell among a quantity of dry manure, hay, and other rubbish, which had drifted into the water-way, and which was, owing to the heat of the weather, as dry as tinder, and as insidious in fostering and concealing fire. Fortunately a lad who noticed it called the attention of Mr. Mullett, bookseller, to the fact that " the street was a-fire," and that gentleman provided water and extinguished it before it reached tlic timber edging of the footpath, or the posts of his verandah. Fire in King William-street.-At an early hour on Sunday morning the Police, Imperial, and Royal fire-engines were summoned to an alarming fire which had broken out in a tene- ment appertaining to the premises of Mr. Martin, of the King's Head Inn, King William-street The tenement, which contained a small quan- tity of hay, is situated between two scores,in one of which there was said to be some gunpowder; and this rumour increased, if possible, the alacrity of those who had hastened to the rescue, and whose exertions were marked by energy and judgment highly creditable to the Brigade and those who rendered them assist ance, among whom the water-carii rs most not .be forgotten. The fire was so quickly subdued that the loss of property is estimated at something under £100, and loss of life there was none, save that of an unfortunate hen, literally roasted alive. The cause of the acci- dent has not been fully ascertained; but as it appears that one end of the burnt tenement was used for culinary purposes, and the other as a place for hay and fodder, the imagination need not be greatly tasked to account for the casualty. We understand that Mr. Martin is insured, but it appears he is not the less thankful to those who so promptly rendered assistance, and to whom his thanks are so warmly expressed in an advertisement which will be found in another column. A Great Nuisance.—Numerous complaints having been made to the police of the ob struction of the footpaths in Huidley-street by persons assembled as purchasers or specu lators in front of the auction sale rooms, orders have been issued by the Commissioner of Police to the constabulary to remove in all cases such obstruction. We trust that after this timely notice no foolhardy obstinacy will be evinced by the bargain hunters or the loiterers, but that all parties obstructing the footpath will " move on" or " move off" when requested to do so by the police, and thus avoid the certaiu and disagreeable alternative of being ''took up." Robbesv of a Carpet-Bag.—Some sneaking thief contrived to carry off a carpet bag from the bar of the John Ball sometime on Sunday , last. It was found afterwards at the rear of Mr. Dawson's premises, adjoining, cut open and cleared of its contents. The carpet-bag : was the property of some passenger by the mail-cart, but the thief cat off the owner's address. Cold Water.—A citizen informB as fbat he lias frequently during the late hot days drank of the water of a spring which rises from the southern bank of the Torrens, near the Frame bridge ford, and which ho describes as bring so cold as "to make bis teeth chatter." Many who are not acquainted with the loetta in quo will doubtless envy our infonaantthis t luxury he occasionally enjoys. 