THE WAR PRAYER. O God ! thick shadows are around us glooming, The red war clouds sink lower on the world; At intervals the sullen cannon booming Reverberates, and banners are unfurled. To guard the weak one from the strong oppressor, Ay, even our liberties to guard, We have sent forth our armies, that the lesser, Helped by the stronger, be not spoiled and marred. And now, our God, beneath the heatful shining Of eastern suns, we blend our souls with those Who in our fatherland, their hearts entwining, Have in Thy presence told our country's woes. Together at thy footstool bending lowly, The noble ruler and the fair haired child, We offer up our prayers, O Thou most holy 1 Look ou us through Thy Son in pity mild. Be with our armies in the shock of battle. Cover their Tieads with thine own shielding hand ; And while the cannon thunders wildly rattle, Give dauntless hearts and valour to the band. Our God end Father ! in the years departed, Thou hast been with us, granting help and power. With our pr?at Wellington, the brave true-hearted, And with our Nelson in the fiery shower. So now, as in dayi gone by and olden, Inspire our leaders on the land and sea ; ' By Tni.-e hand let their strong hearts be upholden, And JCfrer them with a glorious victory. Soon send thy Dovc-of Peace, O loving Father, Making sweet music with its snowy wings ; . Thou lovest not discordant tones— but rather The harmony which richly blends and sings. And bid the years of blessedness and gladness Dawn on the earth now coloured with blood's stain; That men, forgetting war's deep rape and sadness, May form in brotherhood one linked chain. Calcutta Chri$tian Advoeatt. M. E. L. ANSWER TO REBUS. Oft oo'r Australia's boundless plains Some gallant Bushman holds his course, Unmindful of the feverish heat, Down pouring upon man and horse, Straining each nerve to keep in view The chase — and kill the swift '[Emu.' . Then -fcr-' at length he gains his home, And by the cheerful bush-fire's light, With bold companions circling round, They boast throughout the waning night The merits of their dogs, and steeds, Aud 'emulate' each other's deeds. 