VICTORIA. Oar dates ere brought up to tho 2nd inst. We'^jdens^ (|a follo'vys :— ' ' ' 'the legislative Council re -assembled on tho 30th u'lt Tho business of the first two or th^ce days was merely preliminary.' A ittrurn of the revenue and expenditure of tho colony for the ye&r; 1853, Wflfl )aid on the table by -ftip Auditor-General. Ili aii6trtv to Mr. Mollispn, ilio Colonial Secretary stated that £)ir William llpnison held' tho appointment of Governor oulr over New South Wales, bis appointment as Oovcr noitfjxenciu not entitling or empowering him in any way to interfere with' the government d tliLs colony, and thnt were he to visit Mel bourne, Sir Charles Hotham's powers would bo as extensive as over, tt was also expected that, very shortly, his Excellently would re ceive his appointment ns Governor instead of Lieutenant-Governor of Victoria. It had been expected that some kind of Tcderul govern ment would have been formed, and (or that reason Sir Charles Fitz'.loy had received an appointment as Governor over each colony of Australia, tho actual Gpvcrnors being ap pointed Licutenant-Govcrnors only. That scbenui had been given up, and Sir Charles Hotlwm was in daily expectation of receiving .his commission as (lovornor. His Excellency, Sir 0. Hotham, has pro mfoed to place £10,000 at the disposal of the denominational (School Board, when (lie reve nue wilt permit. The Public Disturbances Bill elicited much ducuision. It was read a second time, and considered in committee. It will be further j debated. The Herald remarks: — 'A majority of twenty-one to sixteen carried the second read- j iag of the Bill of the Colonial Insurance Com- 1 puny, who propose formally to insure to any cxleut, but to pay only double the umou'nt of the capital subscribed. It was asserted, and not denied in the course of the debate, that since tho company had commenced business, they had but £4000 iu hand to meet liabilities (being the amount of the polioies cli'ectcd) to iho extent of £180,000 ! The Speaker announced the return of Mr. Pohiman or member lor Uipon, and Mr. Wills for Grant, as nluo, the resignation of Capt. Dane'. ' ' ' i The Speaker upon taking the chair yester day, announced that the royal : assent had been given to the Ac': for Continuing Ote Masters' and Servants' Act ; also, to an act for the continuation of an Act relative to tlio Sale ofFchnentedand Spirituous Liquors in ?certain districts. ' ' Some intelligence received by Electric Tclo .?graph relative to the taking of Scbastopl was abo communicated, and will be found in ano Ihti- column. Xhe Attorney-General in reply to a ques tion from Mr. 'Harrison, entered into ail ex pluration of the application of drunkards' fin«pl: Mr. Harrison gave notice of his inten tion to move for leave to bring in u bill to alter such application, and devote the fines as here tofore to charitable institutions. Mr. IJarrison moved ior returns of the re ceipts for cattle sold under the Impounding Act And unclaimed fur the lost two ycurs, and stated that liit object was to endeavour to get these amounts shared amongst charitable in stitutions in Melbourne ana Gcclong, they now 'being ' in a state of bankruptcy. Mr. Snodgrass wished some provision to be made in tlielmpoiihduig Bill now before the House for the distribution of sums raised in each, dis trict'.1 'The AUornej--Geperal liad no objec tion to euch a provision, but, unfortunately, with only one or two exceptions, no such in stitutions existed. Mr. O-£nanassy also gave it as his experienco that nine- tenths ot the patients admitted into tho charitable insti tutions of Melbourne were men from the interior, broken-down 'shepherds, and snch like. ?' ~ '' : ' ' ' The Herald contradicts tho statement, that 3iady Iiotham was to sail by the Madras far Europe, an'd Sir 'Charles's resignation bo sent lomo at the same time. The solicitors engaged for the defenco of the state prisoners, have received a notification from the Crotfn Solicitor, that the trials tfill not bo proceeded with until further notice. They were to hayo commenced1 on the 6th instant'. Report says that, numerous resignations in the City Council will ere long faicfe place. ' Sir Charles ami Lady Hotliam liavo sub scribed Jpiutly £100 towards the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the late fire at Sand ridge. ltccenfly, the weather has been most op pressively hot in Melbourne nnd Geelocg. Accoraing to the ' Advertiser,' the thermo meter iu the latter place, at 11-30 a.m. on the 29th ult. was 124dcg.in the shade j at a quar ter to one it bad falleu to 112 deft. ' Lost our English readers should be frightened ot these ' eitrcino quotations,' we must explain that in a moderately wejl built house1 the tempera turo-'sejaom rises to'abovc 80 to 65 dee., al though out of doors in the shade it might bo lOOJo^fe dog. ? Tho Herald of the 30th ult,, pn the namo (subject, writes : — ' The intense heat of an Australian niid-summer has been fully rcalisoU hero within the last five days. Thursday was hot, but Friday wbb many doRreos hotter, the tl crmomtter htanding tit 103 in tho shade nboul the middle of the day. The heat of Sunday, however, exceeded anything that hat been in Melbourne for a long timo pust. In Gertrude-street, Colliiigvvoud, a superior self registering (hermoi.uios, suspended in thu shade, and quite dctatfaed from any wall or other object liltely to alfeot'il, TvjrMttrud, in tliecourso of tho nttornooit. 122'. The same inKtrumont, in the open air, during tho night did not full below AS. Yesterday, the hot winds still prevailed, and the heat continued vpry oppressive, until about noon, when a refreshing breeze from thu south set in, but with no iprescut appearance i of raiu. Mr. Chapman, formerly Colonial-Secretary undor Sir \V. T. Beriison, has consented to etand as a candidate for the representation of South Bourkc. : A petitipn is being circulated, praying the Legislative Council |q adojit the custom of opening their proceedings each day with a pVaycr. 1 The Melbourno and Hobson's Bay llailway Committee have commenced to issue monthly tickets, at the rate of one pound ten shillings each between Melbourne and Sandridge, and three pounds between Melbourne and Wil liaaistowu. These tickets will bo issued on the first of every montji, and no abatement in price will lie modp for any purchased after t4a1:datc. ' ' ' A meeting for the purpose of petitioning the Executive to grant an amnesty to the pri soners now atvaiting their trial on a charge of high treason, and to collect funds for their de fence, was held in the front of Sci'ton's Hotel, Geclong. Several speakers addressed the crowd,' and a collection was mudc. Very extensive bush firer were observed in the neighbourhood of the Queenscliffe HoaH, and near Bream Creek. . Since the above was iu typo we have re ceived papers per Block Swan, dating to tho Gthinrtant; A commission has been appointed to inquire into the management of the l'ost-office, con sisting of Dr. Murphy, Mr- Miller, 1 Jr. Grooves and Mr. Nicholson. ' The Argus looks upon the return of Mr. Clsapmali 'us representative of South Bourlco ascertain Under tho head of more govemmont re trenching, tlio Herald writes :— ' Since die 1st instant, several additional clerks and incs Sfiigcr's liavo been turned adiift, wttli scarcely anyno'tico. The pblic6 pay is about to bo rd duced'b_y 26.' per diem; the office of analyti cal chemist, nnd its £201) a vcur salary, are to be forthwith done away with ; the city coro ner's salary is to be docked one-third i and the pruning knjfe is to be applied to almost overy other department.' A meeting of wine and spirit nicrchaiits was to take place, in order to consider the work ing of the present Legislative enactment iil reference to this branch of trade, and to take steps to prevent its evasion by auctioneers and others. Speaking of the state prisoners, the Age says:—' Much in(crest is manifested in tho coming trials, and it is the earnest wish, of the people here that they mny be ncquittcd. Sonn anxiety is felt as lo 'iJifcir'j'atp, if found guilty ; but surely the Governor will never dare to outrage tiie fVelings of lli'c whole community by a capital punishment. If so, thu conse quences, iu our opinion, will be serious. .Melancholy accounts (says the Qceloug cor respondent to the Argus) continue to reach town of the ravages of the bush- fires during the week before lust. Mr. I1. M'Arthur has had nearly the whole of his run burnt ; and all the buildings at his homestead, except a new stone dwelling-house, h.avo been con sumed Many of his neighbours are also Jell without a blmlc of grass, while others have | lost huts, hardlc9, sheep, and horses. Tho Gre which destroyed Mr. M'Arlhui's property, said to have run in n direct line, varying in width from flro to twenty miles, over nearly fifty miles of country. Upon the most roliaMc authority, flic 2(cV-oumc Age publishes the ttuuexed letter, (Kiiincil liy Vbiji, the U'aicr of the pdlaar/tt riotcre, lor nhosc apprehension a reward is now offered liy the Go vernment :— ' Ship ? , Sydney Uesds, Dec. ti, 1834. Farewell to tlice, Australia I A fc«' uiinnciils iniire, Rtidihen AiWi'alis, land of niy adoption, adieu ! adieu ! ' Thy rocky shores FulcVisr tliu Wiiturs blue.' Tlio ship that licaun me to exile lias spread her WingR; but Australia, and you my lata' compa- nions in Hiins, I v'anuot leave you without bidding you (it may bo my last; tjuwcll. I part i'itiiii .you, perliflps for ever ; but wherever fickle foitune may Iwnisll iiic to, your memory will help to beguile 'ho dreary hours of exile ; (mil I liopii that « liame once en familiar to you, now nil outbiw from injustice and tyranny, may be kindly remembered by you, Rememlwr, fi-r the sake of t)ic blooil-Iiought liberties of mankind, IhciioWe anil bravo men now laid lo-v in a warriors grave ; plow o'er their tomb R monument, a reward for their heroic selfsacri fice, a just tributn to their memory. Oh that a kind fate had liid 'me low in their midst, and given me a final resting plftcc, Aus tralia, in thy bosom, lint, no! l-'jt« denied me s wanio|!« death, a patriot's giave, and decreed that I should languish ill baiiislimcnt, UsnUiicil — for wlmt ? For liaving dared Iu hone that Australians were not made lo wear Hie chains of slavery ; for hiving dared to teach a peoplo their rights as free men; for having da-cd to denounce Victoria's peifuct, liliuinl, sqiifitociatic, Kosterian govern ment ; and, finally, for having dared, when driven to it, to take up arins in sheer self- defence. Th6re was a tin™ whori 1 fought for freedom's cnus'j, under a liannei nmde and wrought by Eng lirtli Udics, when Die British Parliament applauded us, ami tlio British nation sympathised with us, Australiii! tjic hour will come, the hour is close at hand when, under thy peeress, cloudless sky1, will float a banner «s pnro and K)-otJoSi as Hie fir mnuicnt aluvo tbec ; and when a stalwart eluixly rtco of freemen shall bead thy fertile Culdsaud downy plains, thy flowery meadows, and wood clad mountains, then', and not till then, Australia will find a place in tho doaUiloss pages of her his tory, to recount tlio heroic ftand the men of lial la&ral; made, in vindication of their riglita antl liberties ; and when t|ic tree of Jilieity sijall have itpi-oad it« branches far and near, then history will trace its loots to ilio blood-inolstcded sSclls sown at ISalkarat. Victoria I thy futuro is bright and nohlu ; thou art. destined to lead thu van of Australia's pro gress, for the past has taught thee a lesson never to lx- forgo! toll.1' The past lias taught thee what i mere handful of men will rldt, and what they can accomplish, for liberty and outraged humanity ; but the pist has laiighl a lesson far more useful it lias t-auglit thec that in older to make a move ment micccKsful, the cause intet, lw a national and not a local fine: it has taught the« that ill unity bIoiib lie.1 strength nnd siieccss ; it has taught thoo that if aims must decide thy fate, thou must calmly and delilwraluly look forward, and prepare for a solemn day ; and when that lias conic, the past will teach you that you must put your trust in God and your ami light arms, and not in de signing men, bent only on cixiating dissension for their own sclf- aggrandiscmcnt. The. past has taught you that you must ha unanimous at home before you can be successful abroad; and thus MUfiht by tlio meVny;licp]v i-niitIcikv of tlw. |ir-'l, i 1 lopJinaeiitU- prcaVi :i; Hank*.1* rlill or sn.Alma ] as the issuo of your nest iiiwniiv.lioii; i»'' w ;t - veiv improlwlilo that. iwi:li uu evi'iii'Vil! ♦»-'?'.»?; oroiir,— the Crimin.il Julius lilll ami tte l.'0'i . nmnuatm-, the. lind ijuotii'-'ii, thu up'1, f.uliiii; l! ' . of the Gold Fields, Hnd tho decided ' j.-.ptili. .ty' I iif SirClmlcB and bis pdiiiiiiisUatJun, ?m apslinuJ J to hasten sucli an event. j Unite (litai, Fniuwcll Australians I Yoiun duly, mid fur ever. C II. V. ur- i.a Vkhs. 