TASMANIA. We have intelligence ■'•om Hob art Town to the 9th, and from Lannceston to the 10th instant. Arrange ments had been made for a public meeting in the theatre, Hobart Town, on the 10th mstant, to adopt measures for aiding the patriotic fund. The journals very earnestly coir mend the object to the pubh.c suppoit. The Tasmanian Teetotal Society have issued an ad dress to the inhabitants of Hobart Town, ha\ing refer ence to the approaclr'ng elections, strongly deprecating the system of supplying the means of drunkenness and debauchery on such occasions. They say, '' an election gained by such foul means is worse than a defeat; and the candidate deserving of all honour is he who would sooner forego the coveted distinction than seek to gain it bv corrupting his fellow-men " Three men, all recently from Norfolk Island, broke into and thoroughly ransacked the house of Mr Nicholson, ir Victoria-street, about half-past twelve o'clock on Monday morning. Being pursued, they tired a pistol at the police, the ball grazing the aim of one of the constables. All three have been appre hended. Mr Carpenter, of Oyster Cove, was robbed on the 2nd instant, about three miles from Brown's River, by two men who rushed out from some ferns, and seized the bridle of his horse, each of them presenting a pistol at his head. The War.—The generous philanthropy and disin terested benevolence of Miss Nightingale and her de voted band, who have gone forth amidst tlic wounded and the dying to alleviate their sufferings and minister to their comfort, have elicited unanimous expressions of sympathy and adnr'ration. The females of Tasmania are not wanting in the same generous emotions ; but though precluded by distance :":om personally engaging in the same mission, they have nobly come forward to contribute by then* industry and art to the funds re quired for the relief of the sick and wounded at the Crimea. We notice that a meeting of ladies interested in holding a bazaar for this purposo, will beheld to morrow afternoon, at four o'clock, at the Franklin Lodge. Bush FiiieS.—Yesterday George Taylor was commit ted to gaol for three months, for wilfu'ly lighting a live on land in the occupation of Mr Thomas Barrett, of the East Tainar, on the 28th of last month, the first day of the races, The fellow appears to have been d-unk, and to have lain down on the grass ; immediately after he left, the flames burst out. About fifteen acres were burnt. This was the first case in Launceston under the Bush-fires Prevention Act passed last session. Quarter's Revenue.—Tne revenue received during the quarter ended olst December, 1854, shows a net increase of £5047 4s 2d over the same quarter of 1853.—Age. Launceston Markets, March 10, 1855. — lue weather being favourable, the deliveries of grain during the week have been large. All the m:!!s are now at work, and as advices f-oin Victoria still continue favourable, high rates have been obtained for wheal Last week the current rate was 15s, but on Saturdav it dropped to 14s Gd, and to-day one of the nu'-s oilers 14s 3d, but we know of sales at l is 6d. Fine flour is in demand at £40. Oats, at from Ss Gd to 9s. Barley, there is no sale for. Bran, in demand at 3s 3d. Pressed hay, £10 per ton. Buyers generally state that the crops this season arc in better condition. Provisions.—Wc have to report a further advance in the price of potted butter this week. Two or three lots have fetched Is 8d per lb, retail price continues as per last quotations, 2s per lb. The supply of :':esli is not equal to what it was, yet there is no advance in the retail price, 2s Gd per lb* Cheese, hams, and bacon, as per last quotations. Mutton, Gd to 7d. Beef, 7d to 8d. Bread, Is Gd the 4lb loaf. Hobart Town Markets, March 9, 1855.—Fine flour, £40 per ton ; wheat, 15s to 15s 9d per bushel; bran, 3s ; English barley, 9s; Cape d'tto, 7s; oats, 7s to 8s; bread, 8',d the 2ib loaf. 