PORT ELLIOT. [From our own Correspondent. Port Elliot, Monday, January 29. l nave just returned from a personal exami nation of the destruction of property caused by the most extensive bush fires which have ever occurred in the District of Encounter liay. It is impossible at present to define accurately the origin of the conflagration, but is is the opinion of many of the settlers that it ia the work of an incendiary, If this con jecture be correct, it will ba difficult to effect an escape from the punishment such an atro city deserves, for already it is in contempla tion to offer a handsome reward for the detec tion of the party or parties c;ucerhed. The fire, which had been raging with fearful fury during the greater part of last week, was at such a distance from any human habitation as to cause but little apprehension until the evening of Friday last, when it became ap parent, unless prompt measures were adopte.f, that the property of the Rev. K. W. Newland would be likely to suffer total destruction. The fire, however, did not reach there until . Saturday afternoon, when the greater portion of at least all the produce of the district was evidently placed in the greatest jeopardy. It ia impossible to speak iu too high terms of. tho conduct of the inhabitants in general, who turned out by common consent to arrest the progress of the rude invader. Through their indefatigable exertions the loss sustained by Mr. Newland, I understand, did not exceed £300, consisting of the entire fencing round his sections. The oth^r portions of his pro perty, although much exposed, escaped with some slight. exceptions. Late on Saturday, or rather on Sunday morning, the party removed to the' residence of Mr. R. S. Schurler, their attention being callud thither by thts firiug of guns: a mode of communication understood as a signal of alarm. Notwithstanding the most unremitting efforts of all present, in the face of a hot wind, during the whole night, with the thermometer at 90°. The loss sustained by Mr. Schuyler was veiy considerable, amounting to several hundred pounds, consisting of the loss of a beautiful orchard, his fencing, aud a largo portion of his last year's crop. I shall be able to afford you in a few days a more minute detail of the disaster. In the meantime it is impossible to approximate to a correct estimate of the loss sustained. Oh Sunday morning, about 9 a.m., the firo took the direction of Port Elliot, and I am sorry to say the ravages of the fell destroyer presented a scene which I believe was never witnessed iu the history of any bush-fire in the province. About three miles from Port Elliot the fire broke out on the section of Mr. William Nutt, and totally destroyed his garden, his fences, and the greater portion of his last year's :rop. iie estimates ms loss at £200. The fire then prececded in the direction of Mr. East wood's, but I have not heard the damage sustained, although it must bj groat, as his property was much exposed. Mr. Giles Abbott had his entire garden destroyed, comprising a large quantity of fruit, being one of the best gardens in this district. His loss in this respect must be very conside rable. The firo des royed five miles of fencing,, besides a deal of othei property which was much exposed. He estimates his loss at £'100. The adjoining section of Mr. M'Cloud, where the eutire crop of the past year was lying exposed, was almost wonderfully preserved. To Mr. John Abbott i3 due the credit of saving the crop by ploughing several fur rows round the spot upon which the wheat, after being threshed, had been piled. With the exception of the fencing, which was totally destroyed, no other loss was sustained. .Here it would be unworthy not to notice the humane efforts of Miss Jane Abbott, who preserved two children, by rescuing them from tho flame3 by which they were surrounded. In the ex citement consequent upon such a condition of things, Mrs. M'Cloud had forgotten her infant charge, and the children, iu attempting to escape from tiie fury of the fire, were in the greatest danger. Mr. William Gardner had the entire amount of his property destroyed, consisting of up wards of 1,000 bushels of wheat, a vast quan tity of live stock, with the whole of his fencing round two sections. Nothing was left on the section but the dwelling-house, which was with much difficulty saved. To add to the horrors of this dreadful scene, Mrs. Gardner was left alone ; Mr. Gardner had gone on a visit to a friend the day pravions, and the mental anguish and grief into which she was plunged can never be forgotten by those who witnessed it. ? - Mr. Thomas Spry suffered the total loss of all his property, incSuiiug his dwelling-house, and a large portion of his live stock; having had, it is believed, the best crop in the district. His loss is estimated at upwards of £700. The loss iustained by Mr. James Chibnal), being the adjoining scctiou, is eslimatod at £800, inclu iing his crops, the whole of his fencing, and a new thrashing machine. In the list of those who have suffered I must include Mr. Dodd— a hay -stack worth £60. Mr. Jarvis, late of Bowden, and Mr. Green, had a considerable portion of their crops destroyed. I have not been able to gather the fall par ticulars of this sad calamity. . While I now wiite the fire is raging with unremitting fury in the direction of Currency Creek and Goolwa. The damage will, it ia feared, be great in the direction it has now taken, but beyond this, and the conjectures current at the moment, I cannot speak in anything like terms of accu racy. The total loss already sustained amounts to several thousands of pounds. Suddes Death. — A young man named William Morey, who arrived in the colony by the Telegraph, died about half-past 2 o'clock yesterday morningata house in Grenfell-street, after an illness of only seven hours' duration. He was a carpenter by trade, in the 23rd year of his age. The circu nstance was reported to the Coroner, who, having ascertained that the deceased had been attended by a medical gentleman, did not think it necessary to hold an inqusst. Tub Fires is the Eastern Districts. — Onr advices from Echunga are to the effect that on Monday the bush- tire; in that direc tion had greatly abated, although a fresh one had sprung up at a distance which it was feared would, in event of the hot weather con tinuing, endanger the district. It may be confidently hoped that the rain and change of tempo a'airc will have extinguished the whole ; and we are linppy t'- add that Mr. Sanders's property, which was in such peril on Satur day, had up to Momliy escaped any injury. The late Fire. — In our brief account of' the fire in King William- street on Sunday morn ing last we mentioned one of the engines so successfully employed as bel6nging.tp.the Im perial Insurance Company; we should have said Imperial and Koyal Insurance Com panies, the engine in question being kept in its high state of efficiency at the jqjnfc ex pense of the said Companies. 