FLOODS. IT is the season of floods. It may seem singular to assert this when a mild and comparatively dry winter seems rapidly giving place to an early summer ; but it is a fact notwithstanding, that at this season of the year floods are more frequent than at any other. Under ordinary cir- cumstances the ground is by this time thoroughly saturated with moisture, and the rain which now falls has a greater tendency to run upon the surface, than is the case with that which descends upon the thirsty earth in the earlier portions of our rainy season. Besides this, the snows upon the mountains begin to melt as the warm and long days come round, and, contributing their quota to the various streams descending from the hills, floods of great suddenness and extent are frequently the result. In Melbourne and its neighborhood we have had so little rain during the last few months, that the prediction of anything like a flood seems ridiculous. But various districts of the colony, we are glad to learn, have been visited with very heavy and seasonable rains, and the creeks and rivers are flowing strongly. A letter from our correspondent at Cas- tlemaine, which was published yesterday, states that since last Monday noon it had rained continually. The creeks were greatly flooded. The Loddon was impas- sable, having risen some twelve feet, and there is no bridge. Muckleford was flooded : the new brick building intended for a mill, and the private bridge near the high road, were carried away by logs of timber, brought down against them by the stream. The mail that left for Simson's the day be fore had returned, not being able to cross the Loddon ; and it was reported that Cobb's coach was stuck fast, and that one horse had been killed. During every season, in our experience of this colony, at which floods have been common numerous cases of accident have occurred, many of them of a fatal or other- wise lamentable character. And unformed as are most of our roads, unbridged almost all our streams, we cannot help feeling the conviction that the liability to accident is a constantly increasing one, in proportion as the number of travellers itself in creases, and that the number of new arrivals who are now traversing the colony, and have but little experience of Austra- lian floods, renders the liability to casual- ties greater than ever. In a recent letter from the interior a very formidable list of such accidents was supplied. The narra- tive was as follows:— ACCIDENTS BY DROWNING —Several deaths have oc- curred in this district recently by drowning. In a former communication I referred to the death of a man, name unknown, who was drowned while crossing the Murrumbidgee. Mr. Cross, a constable in the Victoria Police, stationed near Maldon's Punt, was drowned some short time since in the Campaspe. He left Hop- wood's Inn for the barracks, distant only one mile and a half, and was never afterwards seen : the horse which he rode was found. What is most strange in the affair, his route did not lay across the Campaspe, as the bar- racks are on that side of the stream on which Hopwood's Inn is situated. Mr. Cross was a young man of a supe- rior station in life, having once he'd a commission in the Queen's army in India. His body has not, to my knowledge, been found. Next in the fatal list comes poor Patrick McGowan, landlord of the Clare Inn, Cam- paspe. He was drowned in the river close to his own door while endeavoring to reach his punt, fixed by the torrent in the centre of the stream. "Little Paddy," as he was called, was a great favorite, and much esteemed for his good nature. His body was picked up near to the spot where he met with his melancholy end, and was buried on the Bendigo without the "benefit of clergy," the priest having refused to read the service over the deceased, because, as the priest alleged, McGowan had not been faithful to his creed! Then, about the same time, and in the fatal Campaspe, we have a man belonging to Mr. McDougall meeting with his death, and also another man in the employ of Mr. Robertson ; all within a few weeks. And, as if in grim contrast to these deaths by flood, the decayed remains of a man were picked up on the banks of this river, sup- posed to be the body of a cook lately in the employ of Mr. Henry Barrow, innkeeper, on the Campaipe. So uncertain is life in the wild bush ! It is one of the most delightful features of the facility of addressing large numbers of one's fellow-creatures, that opportunity is thereby afforded to do much to avert danger, and to save life. The internal conviction that one such life has been saved, is an ample reward for any amount of trou- ble attachable to the effort, and the constant hope of doing still more forms one of the most encouraging elements in the lot of the public journalist. As the seasons have come round we have twice warned the resi- dents in the country of the dangers from bush-fires, by presenting in formidable array the leading peculiarities of some of the terrible conflagrations which have occa- sionally ravaged the various colonies of Australia. Again, we showed people during last summer the extreme dangers they ran by injudicious exposure to the rays of a nearly vertical sun; and we collected re- ports of numerous cases of attacks of coup de soleil, as illustrations of the manner in which human life can be destroyed in a minute, by a neglect of those natural pre- cautions which it is not only foolish, but actually sinful, to ignore. It is, of course, impossible to trace the full efficacy of these warnings. They are thrown out promiscuously to the thirty-two points of the compass. The very persons who are influenced by them are them- selves unaware of the extont of that influ- ence ; or of the precise time, or the precise means by which or at which they have been induced to adopt a more cautious and intelligent system. Suffice it to say, that while South Australia, New South Wales, and even Van Diemen's Land, have been frequently exposed to frightful catastrophes in this way, this colony has escaped with comparatively light visitations; and during the last year or two few bush fires productive of very serious consequences have occurred. Our business now, however, is with floods. It will be observed, that a great proportion of accidents by water in the interior of this colony happen to people on horseback. Men quite inexperienced in such matters — who have never before seen a horse out of his depth—ven- ture into a swollen and rushing stream, and fancy, because it may look narrow and insignificant, that no real danger is incurred. Nothing is more absurd. The narrowest streams here are frequently the most dan- gerous. Their banks are steep ; their depth great ; their current strong. Logs, and roots, and rocks, project in all direc- tions ; and as soon as the fatal plunge is made all is confusion and bewilderment; the horse and rider are at cross purposes, and eventually drown each other. It strikes us, that a fatal mistake is often made in adhering to the established cross- ing-places of a stream during the time of temporary floods. At such times the im- mense body of water rushing through some narrow channel, gives a volume to the water and an impetuosity to the cur- rent, which nothing can withstand. At such times, we think that a much wiser course would be, to select some wider place, where the flood had spread over a larger surface, and where the full strength of the current was, therefore, not so con- centrated. It is ten times better to swim a little further in smooth water, than to save distance and incur the risk of greatly increased pressure. The deepest portion of a river, during its ordinary condition, might probably be the smoothest, most quiet, and most safe, during a time of flood. The most shallow and the narrowest in ordinary circumstances, may become the most disturbed, rapid, and dangerous while the flood lasts. Unthinking men, however, ride along a road till they come to the usual crossing-place. They see tracks in and tracks out; and they are beyond their depths, and swept from their saddles, before they are aware of the danger they are in. But perhaps the greatest danger of all arises from the entire inexperience of many travellers in the matter of swimmmg horses. People venture into a deep stream on horseback who have never seen a horse swim before; and they lose their presence of mind immediately. In fact, all sorts of absurd opinions are entertained about the swimming powers of the horse. People will tell you that this horse swims like a duck, that another rolls over on his side, that a third stands up on end in the water, and so forth ; and they refer any casualties that occur to some such peculiarity on the part of the individual quadruped concerned. In real truth, all horses swim pretty much alike. Some are more accustomed to water than others, and have, therefore, more nerve and presence of mind ; but every horse will swim, and swim well, if he is let alone. It is the rider's mismanagement which prevents the horse from swimming. If a hundred horses be put into a river together, they will be found to vary slightly in the proportion of their bodies that is immersed. A horse of a large barrel will not sink so deeply as one of smaller girth. A horse of an eager temperament will lift himself further out of the water than one of a duller turn. But a careful observer will notice, that in every case they barely keep the nostrils above the surface, and, of course, upon the keep- ing them free depends the safety of the animal. Now, a man gets on the horse's back, still further depressing him in the water, and making it a still greater effort for him to keep his nose above the level of the stream. But, not satisfied with this, he undertakes to guide him abruptly to some particular point of the opposite bank which looks favorable for landing ; and in doing this he draws in the rein as he would on shore. The first effect of the tightened rein is, of course, to pull the horse's nose under water ; and the animal, terrified by such a proceeding, rears up, paws wildly in the air, rolls over, and drowns his rider. The head of a swimming horse ought to be left perfectly free. Do his very best, and he can but just keep his nostrils clear ; a pull upon the bridle disturbs his entire equilibrium, and throws him all to wrongs. If the rider wish to direct him to a parti- cular point he must do it gradually, and without in any degree drawing in the rein. He should reach forward, and move the horse's head round by gently drawing upon the rein sideways, in the direction in which he wishes him to go; but he should never, upon any account, draw the head in towards the body. He should always re- collect that the first effect of the slightest attempt of this kind is to drag the nostrils under water, and prevent the horse from swimming altogether. We throw out these suggestions for the guidance of inexperienced travellers who are necessitated, in the course of their peregrinations, to venture into deep water. Of course such risks are better altogether avoided, if pos- sible, and particularly so by unpractised men. But wherever there may be an absolute necessity for such a venture, the danger attached to it will be greatly dimi- inished if it be undertaken in a reasonable and intelligent spirit, and unnecessary peril be not incurred by either foolhardiness, or by a want of proper forethought or know- ledge of what is about to be undertaken. 