CASTLEMAINE. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) 29th January, 1855, The weather has continued fearfully hot here, and there has been a great bush-fire blazing for these two days towards Fryer's Creek, where its effect is felt very much. We hear to-day that a store of Messrs. Ford and Smith took fire last evening and was destroyed in a few minutes, the loss being estimated at £2000. The land sales here on the 23rd inst. were of lots on the Loddon, described as beautiful rich lands, in and near to the new township of New- bridge. Of 713 acres suburban put up, only 174 acres sold for £616, and 13 town lots sold at from £8 10s. to £25 each. On the 24th 914 acres were «.posed for sale, ulso suburban, and only 120 v ero sold for £21-1. On the 25th, 4305 acres were put up and 1023 were sold for £1178, which viere estimated to be worth about £25 six months ago: there were only three buyers besidos Mr, Catto, a neighboring squatter. This stato of the land question is to mc perfectly frightful. 3t seems that the s^natler or laneljobber cannot get a plethora, and that though other persons, would-be settlers, have no caih, still iio has sotno for land. Another serious matter is, that lauls sold lately liavo boen forfeited owing to tho want of means to pay up ; thus the intending sottlcr bas utterly sunk what moneys ho had got to- gether, owing to tho sadden change which has taken placo in the monetary value» of thingi in the colony, anel no ono reaps nny benefit but Government. Can we believe that revenue ob- tained by the ruin of our perhaps best but dis- appointed colonists, can bo fruitful of any gool end? Surely wo must at once adopt tho Ameri- can system of lane! sales, or sitne system approx- imating toit; something like granting a selection of lands at a fixed prico to ¿UHU fide, cultivators of the soil, unless we for ever are to prefer mutton to bread. A shocking murder took place on Friday at Forest Creek. Two mates, diggers, quarrelled, when one clove open the other's head with an axe, scattering his brains ; but the case was on Saturday demanded, as required by Mr. M'Kenzie, the well-known and esteemed police officer. 