, -TAW SOUTH WALB8 DBPÀRTMBNT OF THB , , ' PARIS EXHIBITION. V [From the North Britith Agriculturiit.) .'.' ' I The exhibition of the products of the colony of ' New South Wales is placed, partly in the eastern gallery of the Annexe, and partly in the landing of the south-west space of the Palace deFlndustiie. Owing to the limited extent allotted to-the tAustralian- colonies, the whole , are crowded into too little space, and justice could not be done, even with the best arrange- ment in displaying the products sent from two out of the four colonies into which the island of 1 Australia is divided. Tasmania, generally classed as an Australian ¡colony, also exhibits. Previous to describing the exhibition of products -from New South Wales, we give a few introduc- tory remarks, with statistics, so that the charac a 1er of the products may be better under- stood. The area of New South Wales is not defined. It exceeds the area of France, Spam, 1 and Portugal conjoined. The population (white^ on the 31st December, 1853, was 231,088, of which 131,308 were males, and 99.720 females. The colony was founded on the 26th January, 1788, as a penal settlement, which it continued to be up; till 1843. At first the settlements were confined to the coast-line ; the fange of hills called the Blue Mountains appeared as an insurmountable barrier. These range from north to vsouth, at no great distance from the coast. At the close of the year 1843 these hills were crossed, and fine herbage and well-watered valleys were discovered. But even at present, the greatest distance inland of any settlement does not exceed 300 miles. The agr cultural resources of the colony are at present only very imüerfectly developed, e^en where settled It has* hitherto been, and will most probab'y ever remain, more a pastoral than a cultivated country. The climate presents con t -siderable obstacles to a system of alternate t husbandry. The chief element of agricultural prosperity has hitherto been stock. With the almost unlimited range of pasturage, mostly dry, and with a climate dry, hot, and arid, Australia f is peculiarly adapted for sheep, and especially for sheep producing fine wools. There is there- fore little doubt but thal such stock must con- tinue to be the greatsource of colonial prosperity. The deficiency of labour has always tended to curtail the area cultivated, and the discovery of gold has still farther restricted cultivation. At present the colony does not produce enough of 1 com for the local '^ftwimption. From the most recent retur|n-t ct^be year 1853» ,nere were only iS8,052w^*)*G'ider crop, of which | Wheat . 74,637 acres, produce 1,3R1,541 bushels Mair» 24 23* ditto, ditto 684,253 ditto Barley . 3,937 ditto, ditto 69 128 ditto Oats 2,398 ditto, ditto 26 886 ditto Ree 97 ditto, ditto 1,869 ditto Millet . 44 ditto, ditto 536 ditto Potatoes £,050 ditto, ditto 20,308 tins Tobacco . 32 ditto, ditto 342 owls. Sown grsBste) Oats, wheat J 27,723 ditto, ditto 34,695 tons Barley for hay ; Vineyards 962] ditto, ditto 57,491 gallons Of wine and brandy, 1 587 ditto The area under the vine is rather diminishing "than increasing, the deficiency of labour here again interfering with the cultivation. Live stock consists of, again taking the returns -of 1853: Horses 139,765 Cattle 1,662,285 Pigs*;. . . .' . .. 71,395 Sherp., 7,929 708 The number of boiling down establishments in 1853 was 29. At these were slaughtered 8heep .. 96 896 Cattle 29 969 Tallow from these ... . C4.485 cwt The imports for the year 1853 were valued at £6,342,397, being about three times the amount of previous years. The exports were £4,523,346, being rather below those of the previous year, but more than double those of previous years. Besides the grain produced within 4he colony, there was imported and retained for consump- tion 124,881 bushels of wheat; 53,523 bushels of barley, oats, and peas. Of flour and bread 22,581,026 lbs. ; and 1570 tons of potatoes and yams. The exports of maize over imports was 75.721 bushels. The imports of butter and cheese over the exports was to the value of £20,071. The export of horses was, in num- bers, 907 ; cattle, 6425 ; sheep, 41,151 ; and hogs, 418. Of salted meat there were imported o>er the value of exports about £20,000. The export of wool in 1853 was 16,358 869 lbs ; value, £999,896 Tallow 90 676 cwts ; value/ 134,708 Oil. 402 tons ; value, -.490 ' Gold . 648,052 ounces ; value, 1,781.172 This amount of gold includes a_ portion brought from Victoria. The sale of land, licenses to occupy or to cut timber on Crown lands, &c;" £211,035 lts.*9d. At present there are thirteen coal mines opened. The quantity of coal extracted ml853 was 96»809 tons, value £78,059. The iron fields are not wrought. -The scarcity of labour also prevents the copper ore from being smelted to any great extent. So&p; ia becoming one of the industries ; the great amount of tallow requiring only to be mixed with soda to be converted into soap The geological specimens illustrate the rock formation of the colony. The collection of the Rev. W. B Clarke cannot be spoken of in too high teims This geologist contributed some years ago to one of the museums of Cambridge a very large collection of specimens of the rocks of the colony. As a collector he is inde- fatigable, having gathered in fifteen years about 12,000 specimens, illustrating the range be- tween the latitudes of 25 and 37 degrees south, and between the meridians of 147 and 153 degrees east. He was also one of the first who called attention to the presence of gold in the colony, and as an acknowledgement of his ser- vices in the same discovery in the colony of Victoiia, the Legislative Council of that colony awarded him the sum of £1000. This present collection, as well as that of the Rev. C. P. N Wilton, illustrating the coal seams and plants of the Newcastle beds, and that of M. Odern- heimer, are all entitled to high commendation. The Government geologist, Mr. Stuchbury, has sent twelve specimens of granite, for what pur- pose we are at a loss to imagine, except it be to show that private enterprise and a love for science will always do more for the advancement of science than Government patronage, aided with liberal salaries. He may be forming ' a collection for the colonial museum, but a Go-1 vernment official would have only been acting i his part in having assisted in forwarding the object the colonial legislature had so much at heart Returning to the subject of Australian geology, it is now generally believed that the secondary formation is absent in Australia, and that the present epoch of the living Fauna and Flora of Australia is the most ancient and pri- mitive of living animal and vegetable forms. Ab these collections can be obtained by pur- chase or otherwise, for European museums, the opportunity should not be lost The collections illustrate the rock formation, with the coal de posits and the gold fields. The specimens of gold are accompanied by the formations in which t Uiey are found-these having been collected by the Government commissioner of gold fields, and the utmost attention bestowed on the order in which, they were taken from the diggings. ' ' -The eabîmrt'of-th»HRev~W-.-B Clarke cc* tatos a most 'magnificent^ collection >bf fWails. There ate j*w-boaes^of theDeprotödon, A ver- tebra of another Urge7 animal, impressions of the bones of-tish 'and ' birds, plants, and leaves. Some of the latter are so perfect that they appear to the eye as if a cast had been taken in plaster, The collection contains about 400 specimens. ' J. S. Norrie, analytical chemist in Sydney, sends a collection of two hundred specimens, illustrating the geology and mineralogy of the colony, with a descriptive catalogue ; also, a miscellaneous collection of bees'-wax, honey, &c.; The collection of the Rev. C. P. N. Wilton is upwards of a hundred specimens. Large shell fish, ferns, leaves-all finely perfect. The eppcimens are generally of large size. The collection of iron ore and specimens of the iron attract a good deal of attention. The iron is made by one process. In this mine it is stated that the ore contains 70 per cent, of iron. Iron is exhibited wrought into different articles and is in appearance superior to the best speci- mens exhibited from the United Kingdom. Specimens of native copper and of copper ore the latter like the iron ore-contains a very high per centage of metal. Marbles of fine grain-of these, one serpen- tine, with blood red stains, from Argyle, is not equalled in beauty by any one specimen in the Exhibition Of precious stones the collection is not large. Two diamonds of smaU size ; several topazes, fine, but certainly not of equal value with Shylock's rubies ; one sapphire, purchased from a gold digger, but not of a fine colour. Of pearls there is a large collection. The pearl oyster is different from the Ceylon and Panama oyster, being very small in size. The colours of the pearls are white and yellow. All the writers on the Australian colonies speak of the singular character of the wood- lands, from the scrubby plants and trees of sandy and stony tracts- the park-like dotted trees of the open glades to the grandeur of the thick entangled fores's, where noble trees are topped by giant fig trees, and with stems pictu- resquely irregular, covered with mosses, or chids, and epiphytical ferns. To this is added an aromstic fragrance, so delicious as to astonish and gratify the lover of nature. For the first time a collection of these trees has been brought . to Europe, and nothing in the exhibition has attracted mor« attention. The seeds of many of these trees will doubtless follow, and in time the same trees will be spreading their branches to the breezes of th«» Mediterranean, if not to those of the British Channel. OÏ woods, Mr. Macarthur furnished 230, and Mr. C. Moore, 90 specimens The character of many of these is widely different. Mr. Macarthur divides the trees into three classes-one class he terms class A. Of these, when they arrive at maturity, scarcely any are sound at heart, and when sound the heart wood is of no value, from its extreme brittleness, Another serious defect arises from the gum resin of the tree extravasatiog in greater or less quantity among the woody tissue or suc- cessive layers of the Wood. Thra seriously injures the timber. Another characteristic of the hard woods is, that although the majority make ex- cellent fuel many of them are slow to kindle, and a few will scarcely burn at all. Class B. com- prehends the short stemmed trees of the arid stony tracts, where the " bush-fires" destroy them every four or five years, and arereproduced from the stem. The third class, C The tim- ber of this class is finer in the grain than class A., and is sound at heart; the heart wood may be used as in the case of the timber trees of Europe. Many of the trees in this class are very fine and beautiful in the grain ; one of the most beautiful is the " Cedrela Australis, used in joiners' and cabinet work ; but as the great majority have not been used m the colony, no correct idea of their value as timber can be formed. Many of the 'trees attain to gigantic proportions, such as the the Cargillia Australis, girth, when large, 27 feet, not described. A palm very lofty. The unexpanded fronds ore valued for manufacturing hats-hats exhibited. Urtica gigas, of great beauty and stature, circumference 60 feet, wood too spongy to be valuable as timber, foliage very beautiful. Of the Eucalypti, nearly all are in repute for strength and durability; of these, Fucalyptus Media is the largest, and attains to 30 feet circumference. The Moreton Bay pine attains a height of from 200 to 300, feet, with a'perfectly straight, i solid stem, to be piocured in inexhaustible quantities. Another coniferous tree, called the Kaurie tree, attains a height of 150 feet ; stem 4 to 5 feet in diameter. A pine called Bunya Bunya (Arau- caria Bidwelliana), producing timber similar to , that of the Moreton Bay pine, is remarkable from the cone being eaten by the aborigines The tree attains a height of 160 feet before there are any branches, spreading like an arbo- rescent fern, and the cones arc produced only on the extreme upper branches, and only plenti ful once in three years. As the season of ripen- ing arrives, the natives assemble from a con- siderable distance, to live upon the fruit, which is first steeped and afterwards toasted. What is still more remarkable is, that a hereditary property is recognised by the aborigines in these trees, each family having a certain number allotted^ which is continued from ; generation to generation. A cone is exhibited ; it is about 12 inches long, and 9 inches in diameter. In form it resembles the cone of the larch fir. It is impossible, in a notice such as this, to name one half of the trees, which for size and colour of timber, have no equal in those pro- duced in the United Kingdom. Several of the acacias produce valuable timber for cabinet work-the colour and fragrance being alike pleasing. Several trees from containing an essential oil are avoided by insects. Others are valued for the delightful fragrance of the timber. Many produce beautiful flowers, perfuming the forests ; of these the most beautiful is the brilliant scar- let flower of the ceratopetalum gummiferum. An imitation flower exhibited, along with several other very beautiful flowers. Other trees produce fruits eaten by the natives. There are also species valued for their bark, others for the gum, such as Xanthoroea inceare. 1 his tree is of various species. Juice of a fig- tree expected to be of value for rendering gutta percha more pliant. One bark not available for paper-making, being deficient in toughness, is of interest from the aborigines putting the newly-born infant between the la) ers, which are soft and silky. The manna obtained in great abundance is sweet, in colour and in appearance resembles arrowroot, obtained from a species of eucalyptus. The manna falls in March and April. The cultivating of the soil where pastoral and mineral wealth presents such attraction, can- not be expected to receive much attention. Cultivation is comparatively neglected. Com- pared with the agriculture of England where capital and labour are abundant, that of the Australian colonies is of i the most primitive character. The cultivator grasps at immediate profite, regardless of the ' future productiveness of- the-soil."T To free thr land of weeds/ and to renovate the productive powers are scarcely known in the farming of the Australian colonies. Still/with this manage- ment, the average yield of wheat has been esti- mated at 28 bushels per acre 'over an entire dis- trict of several thousand acres. . The quality is superior as regards the grain -of the wheat-64 lbs. per bushel is common, and 67 lbs. has been reaped. Wild oats, darnel,"and clay are often mixed up with the sample/ The presence of clay arises from the general practice of thrashing on the ground. Wild oats and'darnel prevail very generally over the best soils!' Soils" farmed of decomposed igneous rock, traps, and calcareous sandstones, the latter more or less altered by fire, are the best ' suited > for wheat. Such r soils are cropped successionally with wheat from six to ten years, and without any manure. In good seasons the crops are much lodged. There are distriots where the land has borne crops of wheat successively from between twenty and thirty years, without any apparent signs of its productive powers being impaired. The most formidable enemy the wheat crop has, is a moth which attacks the grain in granary, also in the stack, and in occasional seasons before the crop is reaped. The samples of wheat, flour, and biscuits exhibited, all show the high cha- racter of the country for the production of wheat. Maize is extensively cultivated, the climate being well adapted for its production. The alluvial plains and banks of the rivers produce extraordinary crops, where wheat could not be grown from over-luxuriance. As much as about eighty bushels per acre were reaped of one species exhibited ; others, also exhibited, produced 75 and 55 bushels per acre ; the cobs of all the varieties, of "Which six are exhibited, are of great length, with plump cones. Five of the samples were grown by Messrs. J. and W. Macarthur of Camden. Seed of the cola (Panicum lcovinode), grass eaten by the aborigines after being made into , bread. It is a remarkably small grain of a grey colour, resembling the seed of Timothy grass. It is found in great abundance in some parts, and is easily propagated by seed. The seed is eagerly sought after by many kind of birds ; and domestic fowls, when fed entirely on the seed, are better plumaged and stronger than those feeding on other foo*. It might, perhaps, be.. introduced into Great Britain with advantage as a grass for permanent pasture, or for a forage plant. In a young state it closely resembles barley, and under favourable circumstances at- tains a height of from 2 to 3 feet. The colour and taste of the bread also resembles barley bread. The natives appear to make it up into balls of the size of an^iei^hteen-pound or twenty-four pound cannon ball ; "biaekvexternally. Of wines, the produce of îhe-iolony, there is a limited exhibition as to variety of production. J he deficiency of labour has hitherto confined this industry to the narrowest limits. The acre- age extent of the vineyards does not exceed 1000 acres, and many of these are kept indif- ferently. The average annual produce of wine is estimated at 78,000 gallons. The best managed vineyards yields from 400 to 800 gallons of wine. In a few years the wines of New South Wales will take their place along with the finer German and French wines. Even at present the quality is not inferior to the average produce of the best wine dis- tricts on the continent. With more gene- ral experience, and with a better supply of la- bour, the quality will doubtless improve. The imports for 1853 were 757,000 gallons, valued at £198,000, one half of which came through Great Britain. ' Of textile products-one remarkable speci- men of 'New Zealand 'flax.' The plants are stated to have been grown near Sydney, the soil sand and peat} planted as a screen in rows l8 feet apart, and 6 feet between the roots. Each root would fill a moderate sized cart, and the plants, if left uncut, would cover the whole space. In the production of fibres the colony cannot expect to vie with those countries where labour can be obtained at one-tenth the price. Of cotton there are several samples, The soil and climate of the coast line from 2Ç_degrees to 34 degrees latitude, appear to be suitable for the growth of New Zealand cotton. The deficiency of i labour, for the present, causes this industry to be, kept within the narrowest limits. One exhibitor, W. A. Eldridge, had five acres last season. Samples exhibited are of > fair quality, somewhat injured from the mixing of unripe cotton bales with those fully rippened. The plant is stated to be perennial in the colony. Of wools there are several fine fleeces ex i hibited. ' Thoseufrom Messrs. Macarthurs' flock are from sheep bred from the original stock of Merinoes, imported from the Cape of Good Hope in 179*4. Australia owes her present posi- tion to fine wool, and this to the judgment and perseverance of one individual, the late John. Macarthur. To no individual are the Australian colonies under such a deep debt of gratitude as to this patriot. Without his untiring energy, the country might to this day have remained un- occupied, and England been wit horn her ex- tended woollen manufactories. Few men have proved of so great a benefit to their country as John Macarthur. He entered the British army at the early age of 14, and when stationed with his regiment at Sydney, about the age of 22 years, his attention, along with that of his young wife, was forcibly directed to the condition of the colony without any article of export, the whole population, including the garrison, being often reduced to half-rations. He had the saga- city to see that, from the climate of Australia resembling that of Spain, the country was ad- mirably adapted for the production of fine wools, and that, in fine wools, would be found the raw material for export. He commenoed with hairy sheep, and amidst ridicule, sneer?, and the hos- tility of the Colonial Government, he persevered. The result is now patent to the world. We ex- pect to be able to give a history of the introduc- tion of the Merino from the Cape of Good Hope into the colony. As has happened to the memory of many distinguished individuals, mankind has erected no monument to comme- morate the services he rendered to his species. Honey is obtainable in any quantity in the colony. Samples of honey from the native and European bees are exhibited. -The native bee is less than half the size of an ordinary house fly (British). They form their combs irregularly. The honey has a more acid taste, and possesses less consistency than that of common honey. A specimen of their hive is exhibited-a hollow part of the tree being sawn in two, of full comb. The European bee, imported from England, is rapidly filling the colony. The honey produced from the latter, judging by the samples exhibited, is superior to the ordinary produce, and equals in aroma the finest heather honey. Mead, several years old, rich, and bouquet, made without spirits. If the Saxons had enough of mead to drink, they were as highly favoured as the inhabi- tants of the countries producing the finest wines. , Bees* wax, confectionary-one, tasting like jelly i made from the blaek and red currant mixed, is exhibited. This is made from the leaves of the Hibiscus Rosella, which, also produces fibres. Roots of-the Brachyahitott Populneoide»:-eaten by the natives. Tiro'kinds of cocoons. I he in- sects producing the -one live upon Acacia De currens, the other on a gum tree. ~ Of oils, that from the castor bean and from the emu ; the latter aaid to ba; valuable as a core for xheum*tisnv*"Manure made from dried blood containing 16 J to l8 per. cent of ammonia. The process is the invention of Mr Frederick Bousfield, who waa at one time offered £4000 for the patent With .the advance in the price of guano it should now be worth more, particularly as the boiling-down of cattle and sheep for the tallow is still extensively practised in the colony. A model-^of-a boiling-house is exhibited ; also of a dry dock now in the process of being finished, one of the finest ever Jformed; depth of water over the sill is 20 feet ; breadth, 77 feet; length, 316 feet-convict labour has constructed this. The^e are stock whips exhibited, about 20 feet long, made of leather. Tanned leather from the skin of the ox, kangaroo, &c.; The prepared skin of the kangaroo is unequalled for softness and is extensively employed in the manufacturing of boots, &c.; Cloths, woollen, manufactured m the colony. The quality of the cloth superiav The patterns do not exhibit much taste. Com- mon earthenware of very fine quality, the pro- duce of the colony. Skins in great profusion of the opossum ; also of the flying squirrel ; this animal, the size of a Skye terrier, will, m de- scending from a high tree, extend its flight to 100 yards. There are specimens of bookbind- ing, finely finished. Also water coloured draw- ings of views, in the colouring showing the bold ridge out'ine of the sandstone formation. Of natural history, the stufLd specimens are unique, differing from the animal formation of Europe. The forms of the kangaroo and op posum, now familiar by drawings, not so that of the ornithorynchus paradoxus or duck- billed platypus. ( Of birds, the collection is extensive ; of ducks, wadders, there appear to be several varieties ; eagles and hawks more rare. There are several parroquets ; several species have been brought to this country, but not all. A collection of Australian birds alive would form a fine addition to the numerous attractions of Sydenham Palace ; they should form part of every museum. Of the pigeons, Australia po3 aesses from fifty to one hundred species not ¡ found elsewhere; hitherto, few of these have been brought alive to Europe. In beauty of form ' these vie with any known species domesti- cated in Europe. In brilliancy of plumage they surpass all breeds of the pigeon family ; they are found from the size of the largest goose to the thrush. The latter appear to come from the interior, and exhibit no signs of fear at the pre- sence of man. There are several models of machines, show- ing the inventive faculties are not asleep in the colony. Models of docks, besides the one we have noticed ; copper dam for repairing ships in harbour, where a dry dock cannot be reached ; model "bridges, two, both good ; model of a cotton-cleaning gio, apparently a valuable ma- chine ; model of a palloon to be moved by sails. Doubtful if the crew could, through the sails, counteract the force of the current of air upon the ponderous hulk, the model bailocn If practicable, it could be made available for solv» ing the problem, What is the interior of Austra- lia-one atony, sandy track, like the Sahara of Africa, or are there gardens smiling like oases, but without the presence of man ? It does not, however, appear to possess any claims to a trial, as the winds which would act upon the sails would also act upon the balloon itself, and would not be Under control. There are specimens of book-binding finely executed j and other trades, showing that skilled workmen are in the colony. There are speci- mens of aboriginal manufactures of the sinn of the oppo8sum, of war clubs, spears, a pointed stick, and of the boomerang, with the model of a screw propeller on the boomerang principle. The aborigines are rapidly disappearing, and this, notwithstanding the care of the Govern- ment, and those philanthropic individuals who take a deep interest in all relating to them. Mr. Macarthur has a much higher estimate of ' their mental capacity than any one who has written on the subject. He apeak» of their unshrinking fidelity to the white man when danger overtakes him. That he is acute, subtle, and capable of enduring great privations, performs journeys of extraordinary length, and upon little Sustenance, jiotwith- . standing these mental and physical qualities, Mr. Macarthur is of opinion that the aborigines at no distant date are to become, extinct, but not from the cause at present generally enter- tained by1 physiologists. Mr. M. says-"keep their moral« as pure as may be,, still they de- crease."' Not from infanticide; he states that they are remarkably fond of tfyeir children. _ At present, about two hundred of the abori- gines are employed as mounted police in the colony, and they are remarkable for their ac- tivity and attention to duty. Mr Robertson, guardian of the aborigines in the colony, is now in Paris. He, like Mr. Macarthur, has formed a high estimate of the mental capacity and power of physical endurance which they possess. He also denies infanticide. The colony is excellently represented by the commissioner, William Macarthur, Esq., of Camden Town. He is indefatigable in furnish- ing information to the jurors, and to scientific enquirers. To the public generally, the same unwearied attention is paid. In this he is ably seconded by Frederick Bousfield, Esq., who acts as secretary. It is impossible to view this collection without being impressed witb*Nhe idea, that this colonv at no distant date is\Í£Wome one of the great centres of civilization. Qn-ASiNQ THB Rmlboad.-One day a peanut and candy-selling urchin at the railroad station was rudely poshed off the platform by the conductor of the freight train. His wrath wat great, and he waa determined that it should be the spring of equal great annoyance to his foe. He aold his stock of peanuta and purchased a piece of fat pork. Young America attached a piece ofatriog to the pork-and, accompanied by another juvenile, went down to the plaee where the grade was .teepest. "Now, looky'e here," «aid the peanut seller to his companion, as be placed the fat pork on the rail, "you take hold of that string and pull me along " He squatted on the pork, and was trailed up and down both rail« for about half a mile Of cawse the rail wat well greased. The freight train came up. It was literally no oo ' Por two days the engine vigorously puffed in a vain attempt at progress. The conductor waa finally obliged to call tu the aid of another engine. Thus conoludeth the history of the Peanut-seller's Triumph ; or, Young Americ-'a Revenge. Ojino the "\Vho__ Hqq_The Calcutta Chronicle reporta that a military committee, constating of three officers of H, M 35th Regiment in Fort William, was ordered to assemble, and did assemble, in the Cooly Biatar, Commissariat Oodownes, to taste 14,000 hogs- heads-we must print it at full length, fourteen thousand hogsheads-af beor and porter for the use of the European troops As this was considered rather a large supply to test at one sitting, the committee were permitted to test 10 per cent, of the beqr-that u, 1400 hogsheads. I hu», if each member of the committee were to try it, he would in the course of the sit'ing have drunk 10Q bottles of maHUquor, Kot .o bad, : 