VICTORIA. By the Wonga Wonga steamer, which arrived on Saturday evening, we have received Melbourne papers which make our files complete from the 1st to the 7th instant. We are thus enabled to fur- nish some details of interest In addition to those given in our Saturday's impression ¡ In the Legislative Council, during its sitting on the 6th instant, Mr. Wills gave notice of his Intention to move the adoption of a series of reso- lutions relative to the cultivation of Crown lands in the intermediate and unsettled districts, and to the sale of the same to the cultivators on certain torms of credit. Thc Solicitor-General gave notice of his intention to move for leave to bring in a Bill to facilitate proceedings against incorporated companies. Petitions were presented by Mr McCulloch, in favour of a general system of educa- tion; and by Dr. Greeves, in favour of an altera- tion in the Sale of Liquor Law. The latter was signed hy 23,000 of the inhabitants of Melbourne. Mr. Wills, in moving for a survey of the mouth of tho Barwon, stated his object to be to supply the numerous farms round Lake Connewarre with fresh water. The Surveyor- General did not think the object could be attained, as the whole country between the Barwon Heads and the lake would have to be flooded before the water could be thrown back to the lake, and as a new embouchure would be sure to be found by the river if its pre- sent mouth were closed. Mr Harrison wished the survey made, in order further to open the mouth of the river so as to form there a harbour of re- fuge. After some few further remarks, the motion was carried. Having obtained leave, Mr Harrison brought in a Bill to amend the Town an Country Police Act ; and the bill was read a first time. The Wills Law Adoption Bill was read a second time, and, after some further amendments on recommittal, tho Melbourne Abattoirs Act Amendment Bill was reported tn tho House, and the report adopted. The remaining clauses of the Impounding Law Amendment Bill, with the exception of tho appropriation clause, were gone through with and a new clause was introduced on the motion of the Collector of Customs, making it lawful for any person to destroy goats found trespassing within any enclosed grounds. 'The Argus, of the 6th, has the following addi- tional particulars concerning the fire in Collins street :-" The ruins of the houses involved in this calamity continued throughout the whole of yesterday to send forth considerable bodies of flame, particularly on the eastern side, where a quantity of grease, hams, bacon, etc, remained in a heap, only partly destroyed. It was not until six in the evening that the flame was extinguished leaving a large body of material still smouldering. It is most satisfactory to observe that, not with standing the extent of the mischief and the danger which existed of its spreading, the utmost presence of mind was shown hy the fire brigade lu emlen vourlng to chuck its 'progress, uno,tho polico li their prompt arrangements to preservo 'miler Tho suH'erers Irv- tho Uro warmly itckiiowledgu this arid also the ruady and sympathising co-operntioi ol' their fellow townsmen, lt is Impossible a present to got a correct Idea of the amount o property destroyed, although it is to bo feared tba it is fur greater than was ¡it first supposed." Tho Aryus, in recording tho establishment o tho Collingwood S'oliinteei- Kiro Brigade, bus sonn ohsorvatlniis ol ii practical tendfiicy, bearing upi» tho importunée und necessity of a coniiiiiiuil; undertaking for itself those, necessary works uni establishing thoso essential institutions which an dilled for by thu advancing spirit of improvement Wo think they may bear application to om- owl citizens, ns «eli as ti)our I'ort Phillip brethren. " Wo look on briuiules of this class, who havo a lurui stake in tho community, ns presenting a henltlifii feature in their constitution, for whero the | io woe- ful counteractivo principle of self-iuieivst is want' ing, mid voluntary bil^adus uro luilnmled >imph by an cs/irii t/r enmr, they have. become, us li; America, un evil rather thnn a good, liv unseemly rivalry and contentious at lires. The first brigade on Hus principio was that of Kniaruld Hill, whose olllcloiit services ut some of uur late tires have been deservedly applauded -, nnd wo understand i lint II similar hrlgudo is now being formed in North Mel- bourne, who havo hud un engine nnd gong pro mined to them. Wo trust soon to sec similor bodies formed in other Idealities, not only us ti protection iigninst (ire, but against tho minion destruction ni I property in mid around buildings un fire, which obtains so much muong tho mob, mut thu robbery of goods Hint havo been saved j mid whilst snell losses fall generally more heavily on ibo community than on the insurance olllues, it is clearly tho duty of tho rospeottiblu ]Kirlioii ol thc community to pro- tect their own interests. Wo would repent, it is a healthful feature to seo tho community stirring for their own Interests- depending mot o ¡iii themselves mid less on a Government mid Corporal ion. Let the people extend muro widely their debuting societies, mechanics' institutions,' lectures. MIIOOIS ol'url, tte. ¡ and though Govcriiuu nt mid Corpora- tion die of intro inanition, thc materiuls will bout bund fur the ronioîh-lliiig ol' hotly corporate mut oolitic ufa siinerior character." Tilo first minivereury meeting ol' tho Victorian Linnell- Law Longue, wits hellion Kriila.v evening, 'Jiul instant. Th« iittcmlinit:o wns simili, indicat- ing ti want nf public sympathy with tho ohjecta ol' tlioiiHMiciatiiiii. A l'oport which was road at tho meeting contains iimiioriius items nf Interesting infm motion, and instances ol' tho disastrous clients of tho unrestricted sale of liquors. _ A_ rosi-lutioii was passed expresivo of thc determination cl' thu liiemlicrs oflho League to do all in their power to- wards furthering its object, mid thereby contribut- ing to cheek thu torrent nf vico which unfailingly follows indulgence in Intuits ol' drinking. Thu Argun, of tho 1st instant, puts on record thc following interlining fact, ono highly; grut lib- ing tn lovuiH nf seientllie progress, giving, as it does, au curliest of what may ono day ho done In- wards uniting together Hie distant parts ol'this great country, hy tho agency of electricity. lt Is a pruetioul licgiuultig of what (iiunot lull to he hereafter ol'.the most vital importance to tho in- terests ol' our country i-"NKWS ny Ti;utiitJ.i-ii TO Till! Sl'KAKKII.-I'W tho Hist tilllll sillCO tllO ».stidiiishiiioiit ol' iii« clecti lu telegraph, a niessaifo conveyed hy (hat in nus from tho I lends tu the Speaker ol'thu Legislativo funnel I, and containing the Kiiropeiili IlileTligeni e hmnght hy a »lill» Just arrived, «us rend lu tho mcmlicrs in Council assembled." Tho State Iriuls huvo been further postponed, a proceeding which hus caused sollie excitement, mid led to various reports liv no menus liivotirahlu tu tho Llovei'iiment, who have certainly liliiudert'd through this business lu a most tiiifuituiiiitu manlier. Dr. Owens, the nowly-elceted diguers' member, ii ni veil in At «-l I jun rm-, on tho -'ml instant, mid intends to solicit au iutetvieiv willi his Kxeedlenny thu Lieiileininl-Ouveiiiiir, in order to nseertiiiii his views willi respect to his appointment ns tim ri |.re Kolilotlvo nf thu mining population ol' I'tluiigo, ill tho Logislitivo Connell. Iiis Kxcvllciicy is uiider Htiuid to be uiiliivouiiiblo to the movement. l'Vnm thu evidences ol' lh' public prims, lt would appear that the stale of titihllu monds In .Mel- bourne ls anything but mitlsihetoiy. The vice ol' prostitution hus extended of Into in nu iilnt'iiiiiig manner, mid measures ure Imperatively called fur, for tho suppression ol'(he mimerons dens cf infamy with which thu city is liil'estetl. .Several cuses ol' gnus outrage to femnli-s lia vu lately uceiirrrd. A ease appears lu (he Anjus ol' the (¡th Instant, bearluu' ii| un tho responsibility nf auctioneers lor thu delivery nf «oints ¡-" 31 r. korab, linetluneer nf Chnpel-street, I'rahrmi, wan .iitiimuiiod lo the Ten pound County Court, ut lim suit of Air. Helsen, wini hud pmcliitHcil some articles ol' him nt uucl lon, mid nppcili'fd yesterday to defend lnim-clf lu un notion liir the imu ili liven ul'goods to lim value nf £4. ll,ujipciireil timi, tho compliiiuiiiit luul nut pnid the whole iilnoiiul, for thu goods hu hud piirchased ut thu tillie, but tendered thu balance next day, when lt was lound I bat by sumo mistake a heilstem! was deli wed to thu wrung party. His lloiiui'deeiiled tluit, although tho price lind nut been received hy thu nuctioin-ci', hu nus responsible fur the delivery of the gonds tn (he purchaser, ulm, It appealed, hud applied lor them «vit ttl ti a reiistmable lime ol'iiiaking tho bargain. 'Verdict fur thu pluintllf fur I Itu amuiiiit claimed, less Xl ls, (hi. due tn the ilefetidmit. Wu extract flinn the Argus of the ¡hui Instant, some pertinent remarks nu tluit vital ipiostitnt, MI iiiipoiiiint to Australia lu u euuimerelul ii ml. ol' vleiv-postal eiiiiiiiniiileatiun willi r.iig'undi "linen linne ive have lo compinia of, ni,il lu re- nnins! rut o against, tb« oppiessitin tl li 11 tho neglect to which Hiigliind snliJ-'etH tho Australian colonies. Another glaring case of Injustice lins Just been ox« emplified in tile case of the well-known Bed Jacke The facts, as authenticated : br document* no before us, aro these i-At the pressing instance several leading house* in Liverpool and elsewhcr tho owners of tho White Star line applied to tl Postmaster-General-for a, mail to be sent by the ship, tho lied Jacket. It was stated that while tl I Queen of the South, belonging to tho Goner I Screw Company, had mado the passage out an j home in six months and . nine days, tl Tied Jucket had mado tho same passage i fivo mouths and tea days. The sailin vessel had heat tho steamer in the outwar voyage frem 7 to 8 days, and in the passage bora by mno days. Eveo the overland mail, wiiich lei Southampton the 4th May, the same day that th Red Jacket left Liverpool, delivered tho lettei only six hours before her. For tho letters carrie by tho Red Jacket sho received twononce each, th Post Oilue ohuvging eightpence j while the Gene- ral Screw Company's steamers got sixpence, an tho Post Oilico sixiience. As a furthor induce munt, the owners ot tho Rod Jacket offered t despatch her on any day to bo fixed by the Poa Olline, between tba 1st and 12th of Deeemboi uudor a penalty, if she failed to deliver her letter within a givt'a period. To this oller the Post master- General replied on tho 4th November. H intimated that, having entered into a contrac with tho General Scrow Steam Navigation Com puny for the conveyance of tho mails by the Cap route, tho oiler of" the owners of tho Red Jnckc cmid not he entertained ¡ but that letters special) directed per Red Jucket would bo forwarded h\ that ship in tho ustiul way. Subsequently j turned out that tho General Screw Company coal not send a steamer on the 4th Decombei and tho Government in their turn Aver under tho necessity of applying t tho owners of tho Red Jacket. They wer uskoil if they would ngrco to convey tho Dccombe mail in 05 days, or forfeit £30 per day for any i: excess, and deliver Adelaide and Sydney letter's ii fivo days moiv. All of _ this they wore prepared t do; but it was further intimated that thoy wouli have to call at Southampton, or oil" tho Isle o Wight, to embark tho mull. This tho owner thought very unreasonable, as, tho mall could b sent down from London to Liverpool, at a trifling expense, in six hours ¡ and they were obliged t deelino this proposal, as they would risk tho voyns by tho Channel navigation', nnd vitiate their poli cíes of insurance. Thus was the negotiation brokei oir, and it was believed that, nccordlng to th favourite system' of saving trouble nnd officia responsibility, some old London Bhip would bo cn gaged to convey tho December malls. So fm therefore, ns wo aro dependent on tho linterna cure of Mr. Motherconntry, wo shnll probably hen of tho taking of Sebustoiiol some four or five month after tho occurrence of that event ¡ and for I similar time will rhe still more important privati correspondence of tho mercantile community mir of tho colonists bo delayed. This is another gram demonstration of tho necessity for speedily reliev- ing thc said Mr. Motherconntry of tho enres o guardianship, and fur assuming the management o our own ulfuirs." At Geelong, 5th instant, melancholy account! continued to reach town of tho ravages of tht bush-fires during tho week before lost. Mr. P M*Arthur had had nearly tho whole of his rut burnt ; nnd nil the buildings nt his boniest cud except a now stone dwelling house, had been con- sumed. Many of his neighbours wero also left without a bindo of grass, while others lind lost huts, hurdles, sheep, and horses. Tho firo which destroyed Jir. M'Arthur's property is snid to huvc run inn direct line, varying iii width from five to twenty miles, over nearly fifty miles of country. Tho gallant members of the Sydney Riflo Corps will ho ghul to hear of the doing's of 'their brother riflemen in thc neighbouring colony. Tho follow- ing relates to the Geelong lillie Corps :-"A meeting of tho members of ibis corps took plnco at Air. Ciced Royal's largo room, Myers-street, on Saturday evening last, for tho purpose of making various necessary arrangements with regard to tho grand monthly meeting which takes piuco on Wednesday next. Adjutant St. Quentin stated that ho had been to Melbourne, and hud witnessed tho members 'of tho Melbourne ri Ho corps go through their evolutions. It wns tho wish of tho - Lieulcnuiit-Govcrnor thnt tho^ must perfect feeling of unity should oxist between tho two corps, in order thiit they might form nu clllcient body for tho protection of law and order. Tlm_ Melbourn!! crops have re- ceived two hundred Minio rlllos, mid another con- signment was expected lo nrrivo shortly, when they w ould bo served out to tho Goolong crops. The question of engaging tho bund for Wednesday next was then discussed, and Captain Kitz under- took to provide lt. Subscriptions wero then mndo towards defraying tho expenses nf tho band." Ocelong Adaerlhir, A meeting for tito purpose of petitioning tlio Executive to grunt un amnesty to tito prisoners now awaiting their trial for high treason, timi to collect finnis for their defence, was held at Geelong, 3rd instant. Tho meeting was addressed by several speakers, and a collection wns made, Tho Hallunrnt correspondent of tho Argus sup- plies tho following item of interest! " New diggings have been commenced about two . miles to the westward ol' Wordy Yallock, which oro suiil to huvo proved highly remunerativo to tho few ong'iucd as yet on thom. Tho sinking is to tho denili of thirty or tliirty-fivo feet, and tho yield, in projiorlioii, averages as yet «OHIO twenty five omim-s per man^ 1 sincerely hopo this field may ronllso all that is expected from it, ns somo fresh impetus is much _ wanting, to stimulate the poor and unsuccessful diggers who cannot continuo the expensive nnd deep sinking now in vogue on J'nllnariit." A public meeting had been convened at Bendigo liv Captain Hrowne. lt was held lu front of tho Criterion Hotel. Thcro wore somo five or six hundred persons present. Tho chair was taken by Mr. Dunlop. Captain lirowno addressed tho meeting for about three-quarters of an hour upon ihn present relativo position of tho Government and tho diggoiSj mid suggested that a movement should bo organised for tho purpose of having tho circumstances ol'tle diggers ami tho requirements of ibo gold-fields fully considered hy a number of men, half to bo nmiiiuated by the diggers and half bv tlio Government. Ho ]R>iiited ont thu folly of their attempting to got their grievances redressed by any appeal to physical forco. Tlioy could never' oppose disciplined troops while they wore disunited among themselves mid a thousand of them might throw themselves on tho bayonets of the soldiery, and sill bo ns far oil' from rediuss ns ever. Tho Ciipluin wm heard with attention, and was cheered at tho close. ]fe, however, proposod no practical plan of operations ¡ ho merely mooted mi idea, and descanted upon lt» advantages for sonic time, and then left It to fructify or not. From tho letter of tho Uondtgo correspondent of i ho Ayr, of tho Und instant, wo toko tho following Interesting extract!-"Our mining population ut present is greatly on tho Increase f.nrgo num- bers of new arrivals are daily to ho seen wending theil' way to tho great metropolitan gold-fiold, and In tho oyo ol'a sinniger (» hut with tho hum of Immun voices, the Incessant rock of tho cradle, tho illa and bust lo nf a grout people)^ present a most lively mid exciting spectacle. Jt is supposed, and I think not far from tho truth, that theru cannot bo leas than from 211,000 to .10,000 people on this gold-Held alone, so that your readers cnn fcirm au Idea ol' tho »Into of matters amongst us. lt is really surprising how so many people manage to obtain a comfortable living from so uticortuiif u pursuit as gold digging, nnd tho conclusion every discerning "mind must como to, is, tluit tho digging coi'iiniinlty must bu a most in- dustrious people i tho fact that Bendigo has pro- duced nearly half of tho gold derived from tho tilines of Victoria, clearly proves this, ami what- ever our dctractora may say to tho contrary, tho diggers deserve great pritiso for their untiring perseverance) and industry. 1 bullevo (hut tho pll'nrt.s hitherto niiido aro ¡is nothing to what will yet be dune. Dally proof nf this is mudo evident. Kleh tpinrU reefs aro found giving pci'iniuieiit em- ployment tu largo numbers, and amply remunerat- ing them for their labour. Some ol' our half worked (lats aro yielding richly, and from tho Into supply of water tho miners generally aro doing well. Gold deposits aro found In various llttlo enrnei's of gullies and Hats willoh were hitherto overlooked, and altogether our mining prospects wear n brighter aspect, lik'iidigo lata certainly proved her right to (he title of '.' the poor innn's rleiid." Wo subjoin a few mlseclltineous paragraphs of general Interest' SIELBOCIKB AND HOBION'S BAT RÍII-WAT. Traffie. return for week ending a Ut January Number of. passenger», .9196 - amonnLof reccipti £842 J 3s. Tramo return for week ending 2Stl January ! Number of passengers, 8047 ; amoun of receipts, £874 4i. 8d. BALLAARAT AND CRKSWICK'S CREEK ESCORT JANUARY SI, 1865.-Ballaarat to Melbourne 3is< ozs. 15 dwts. Creswick's Creek, ditto 2908 ozs 15 dwts t Ditto casb, £312, Ballaarat to Geelong 2008 ozs. DR. CAinERWooD's PROPOSED EXPEDITION T< TnE INTERIOR OF AUSTRALIA.-Since our notice o this subject, wo have observed that very favourable mention bas been made of the project in the neigh bouring colonies of New South Wales, Soutl Australia, and Van Diemeu's Land, and offers o oo-operntion and support have reached the pro jector of the expedition to a most encouraging ex tent. Amongst our fellow citizens also, tho pro ject hos been well received, and tho Bight Wor sliipful the Mayor and the American Consul havi consented to becomo the trustees of tho fund fo fitting out tho expedition.-The formar gentlcmai has also strongly recommended the plan to t in consideration and support of tho citizens. One in dividual, a wealthy builder in the city, has offorot £500 and his personal services as a volunteer, ir aid of tho expedition ; and tho respective lessee! of tho Queen' theatro and Astley's amphitheatre nave each offered to placo tho proceeds cl a night'i performance in tho hands ol' Dr. Catberwood Under these circumstances, a subscription list wil he forthwith opened, to complete tho requisite funds, in ordor that the expedition may set oui at an eurly period.-M. M. Herald, Fabruary 3. THE GoLD-FiELns or THE OVENS DISTRICT. The population on Spring Creek increases steadily and several partios of miners aro delving with sue cess on purtmlity worked land. Tho increase ir the number of tents and huts is particularly no- ticeable after dark by tho additional lights anel fires, and wo have still hopes of seeing this portion of tho diggings once moro a favoured spot. The township (Beechworth) improves daily, and if beginning to assume a permanent appearance, Ono or two of the principal storekeepers, having mada their " pile," aro on tho move, but others arc ready to supply their places. Active preparations are now being mnelo for the coming races.-Tin new rush at tue junction on Spring Creek is going on very prosperously. There are not less than 40Ü diggers at work there aro present, and, if report speaks true, they nro doing very well.-We have no important intelligence from Jteid'a Creek. Se- veral parties have left and aro now leaving for the Woolshed Creek. A man was accidentally shot on Wednesday evening,' but is not mortally wounded, Our correspondent at Snake Valley writes : " Illings aro resuming their former appearance again on this creek, a great number of the diggers having returned from the rush . at Spring Creek tu settle down in the obi spot. Thu party who invited mo to inspect their claim last week have given it up ia consequence of its not being payable, which must bo disheartening tc them, as there was considerable outlay, as well ns labour, attached to tho undertaking. They had n shaft sunk nine feet square and fifty- one feet deep. At a depth of thirty-six feet they tunnelled a race to tho creek, a distance of 800 yards ; this in some pinces was cut ten foot through tho solid rock. Two California pumps wero constantly employed to keep tba shaft dry. I believe they kave lost nearly £500 by the speculation." Tho miners on Yackandandah diggings tire going on in their usual steady and industrious way. Nothing of importance has occurred during tho week. At Buckland grout dullness hus existed during tho pnst week in mining operations, nourly tho whole of tho available, ground in tho rivert being occupied, and tho spots of dry sinking at present ni working being nearly exhausted. Unless soino fresh ground is shortly discovered, a temporary reduction in the popu- lation is to bo niiticipatcil ¡ but thero is every prospect of remunerativo employment for tho present number immediately that tho tributary creeks and gullies alford ii sulliciciit supply of water for sluicing operations on thc high bank of tho river.-Sanity- Creek is almost deserted.-Wo have no intelligence either from tho Omeo or tho mythical diggings of Mount Gibbo. The district, ns usual, is very orderly, and there is a marked diminution in crime :-drunkards, in fact, aro becoming rarce aves. Tho general health is not so good ns might be wished, but not .worse than is to bo expected nt this season of tho year.- Oven s and Mining Advertiser. 