YASS. JANUARY 20. - On Wednesday evening we experienced one of the most terrific storms ever known in this dis - strict. We had been wishing, longing, and praying for rain, the whole country was in a frightful condi- tion. There was but little wheat, no grass, and in some places scarcely any water. The Fish River and the Yass River at their respective crossing places were perfectly dry, and the worst fears were entertained that we should suffer a long drought, with all its at- tendant evils. We were even worse off than our neighbours, for rain that had fallen in Goulburn, and other adjacent districts, had not reached us. Now, however, our fears are dissipated. We have had rain in abundance, too late I fear to save much of the wheat, but in time to supply us with some vege- tables, of which we have lately seen nothing, and to bring on the grass and fill our water- holes. Sunday was a day of distressing heat, and at night this heat was dispelled by some heavy showers. During Tuesday we had some more, in the night a good deal of rain, which continued at intervals during the whole of Wednesday, and about 6 p.m. with but little warning, a storm burst over the town which startled us by its sudden and resistless violence. The crash of thunder was deafening, the flashes of lightning vivid even with a dazzling brilliancy, the descending tor- rents dashed with an impetuosity which seemed to threaten the devastation of a deluge. The storm lasted for about half an hour, when it subsided the streets were almost impassable. We are happy that we hear of no mischief having occurred, at least none of a generally severe kind. At Mutt Billy we hear of some potatoes having been washed out of the ground, a serious loss to the owner. On Thursday, the mail was five hours after its time, in consequence of the havoc occasioned by the flood along the whole line of road. The Bredalbane Plains were one large lake, the Fish River was so high that the water came into the boot of the coach, trees were torn from their roots, logs were carried away far from their resting places, a heavy bank of sand was thrown up, which it was necessary to dig away before a transit could be effected. The Yass River was also very high and running with astonishing rapidity. We have, how- ever, much cause of congratulation, and still more of thankfulness to the Giver of all good that the evil we feared is averted by this seasonable supply. On Thursday evening the inhabitants of Yass were indulged with a treat which they do not often enjoy. Ali-Ben-Sou-Alle, who is now taking a tour through the southern districts, announced a concert at the Royal Hotel. The large room was completely filled : the audience being composed of all classes of this little community. We cannot exactly tell how the celebrated instrument which this performer calls peculiarly his own, may be described, Jones calls it a little ophicleide - others characterise it as some- thing between the sax-horn and the cornopean. At any rate it can in the hands of its master, bring forth tones of exquisite sweetness as well as of no little power. From another instrument we had a most delightful morceau, introducing a variation on the favourite air " Believe me if all your endearing young charms." Other instruments also gave forth their magic notes, making in all five, on which this very clever artiste performed, and in all of which he excels. Ben-Sou- Alle is of commanding appearance, refined manners, and as a musician must rank as of the first order. He was greeted with continued rounds of applause, frequently encored, and his recep- tion on the whole may be said to have been enthusiatic. He was accompanied by a Mons. Valere, who was an- nounced as " the celebrated baritone." We had pre- viously heard the gentleman in Goulburn, and confess we were then disappointed. At Yass he was certainly in far better voice, and in some songs acquitted him- self most creditably. He should, however, confine himself to French and Italian music : English songs we have all heard sung much better, even though some of his audience did insist on demanding an encore for "Ben Bolt." He has undoubtedly a fine voice, but it seems not to possess much flexibility, and is therefore wanting in those sweet cadences which so constantly delight us in the finished artiste. With care and cultivation, however, he may become a singer of no mean order. The performances closed with " God save the Queen," performed by Ben- Sou-Alle, and here we have a word to say. At Goulburn, the first notes of the National Anthem were a signal for the whole audience, ladies not excepted, to rise, and they continued standing during the whole perform- ance. In Yass, some of the gentlemen seemed rather to hesitate whether they would stir from their seats, and a few (only a few) continued as immoveable as their hearts would appear to be unimpressible. It may be a form, but at the present juncture, at least, it is not an unmeaning one. We do not doubt the loyalty of the good people of Yass, but we hope none will ever in future fail, on every fitting occasion and in every fitting form, to show it. On Wednesday night, Miska Hauser, who has been starring it in Goulburn, is to visit this town. We have heard this celebrated artiste, and have to thank him for the richest musical treat we have enjoyed since we left England. He reminded us of the sweet melody evoked by Ole Bull, and in some parts of his performance so reminded us as to induce us to give the palm to himself. We cannot criticise or enter into details. We can almost hear the thrilling sweetness now. The remembrance will long, long remain. A thing of beauty is a Joy for ever! In reference to the general news of the district, we may observe that business is, on the whole, flourish- ing ; and the beneficial effects of the seasonable rain will, no doubt, be more or less felt by all. The bush fires that have committed such ravages, and which, a week ago, were in some places still burning, are now, of course, all extinguished. The want of domestic servants is still severely felt, involving many families in serious inconvenience; and yet plenty of emigrants are arriving in Sydney. Why do they not push into the interior ? Why does not Government afford them facilities and encourage- ment to do so ? More of this anon. 