Local, ztelligence. ?Iut?e.-We arrinformed'that i i s eonterm. plated tl open the'Portlihtd' Kiueam during the Race-week i' s erie of add-resses will be deliver,. ed oni thet-occasion' to' be followed' by i eoncert and Ball; abundance aofrsfreehienortaeconeisting of' Tea; Cofle, Cake, and'fruits will be providel. Paleot oW ltIr,-'Thtre lhas been asreducion tat tia'prlce of hay lately. ..It may now be quoted' at fromi t'n'poutad to fiteen pounG per:toent TIntsLeaotstsltva CosOlLs'e-Thisbody riai semhledon thte'ot JatAnury. Thl businesistrtan saited has not beenof great general interest. Arbwtrlat .-- Dr Allison' is gIasetted totha appoiettment of Dbputy egHistritrof Bithl, Death.s, and Mriages: . , . MErtgoURn?;-The Championl stname,.b'reought: a M'clbourne Mait for this'townt, it ia asute signu of improvement that thi Post: OIBscr now avails' itselftof thl'opodetunity ofrstesamer to this port, to despatch:mails of a later. date thian is.brooght" by ite overland roumtt.. BUSH FIRES - On Saturday night. there was a very extensive bush fire in the:rrei~ hbourhood 'of the' Queencliff road, appaeently some few miles from Conewarre. There was likewise another large bush-fire some where near Breanm Creek.-Geelong Advertiser... . Ex:raAoRDtm ARY V'zsas;-l'is Great ness tlhe Siuamese Elephant arrived ona 'Saturday, per steamer, an i lnded,. together with hith . loggage, viz: his trunk I- anti wits received' with idue honours by three' or.four hundred ple r sotis" who accompanied hirmnn bhie tour through, the Yarra:ends Malop street' &c;, until he took up his temporary so' jburn iin the rear of the Theatre' Royal .Fet'litng. sutnewhat indisposed after his' sea voyage a bucket;'of. Epsuon salts' wasi immediately adtminisered, which* hal the desired effecr df 'restOing hI4 hiamese 'greatuess to'a state of convail scence.. After which, he' partook of at dereuner a lafoutrchettee,consistitg of; half a ton of hay. two sato of' oats, aud forty gallosaof. wCater. It is unt - derstood' hel'will honoiur the' Geelong. 'boards (i'whlich' have been; . reboardede far the occasion);this' evening, asnld,. froms tha'steps Ihe ntkes,.willano'doubti make a gleat impnressiont'. In fact,-. it cannot be' disputed' his applearaneo' alone carriersreat wei;hlit.. He'is lle. companidd"d Iy his prime tminister, who, althlough he'lhoks' very' black. upton+ the nlatter;.ianpears' highly,\ coofident' of his ouccesa.-lbid. \ Tl' e 1Wta'vuT '-Yesterday" morning; about ten' o'clock,'a hots wind set'in frem. N.N.W\V.' with clouds of dust,- At' one p m the] wind veered to south,-whioi pro' duced a-refreshing, change in-the tempera ature. Wh bile itlasted it was decidedly; the'hottest wind-of the' season--the ther. niometer at half past eleven was.'124'deg;. in the shade ;.at a' qgtarterto' oner, 1J2.5 deg..;.tilteen mirnutes',past'one it hadiftl Seu to I t2deg.. Lest out Englishi read ershsbould be' frightened; at these' "ex-? ttemequstations,'! we muastexplain tlstt in-a moderately ,elitbilli libuse the temr. pdrattire se!dom rises to above 80' to 85. 'deg... although out of doorse in the! shaide it- might be 100-to'bI26;deg;-lbidl Booy: ov'An~CiutL' Fouse;-On'Situta, day aftetnoon; the body' of.a newly: ' born child' was, disebvred lying. between' ' two' large' piles' at the'ende of iielleri;te' Wharf +Tteceased whten'diservered' was itlr's state of nudity; andi bad' the' appearance of be.' mig secreted' ihv the sand', ott the' beach. This body has beenr removed< to the', Sir Charles' othann foteli: Bellerine srtere. I where' air inquest will take' place this, day' . touching his deathc --Ibide it BStcitso' vU - a'te late hourtorSunr.' t day night, anyounagmawn named tReney,. whilst paai'rng thtiough La' Trobe' setreet' a we as ailed.an?i robbedi ofa silver' watbh,. S."t M Hleraldr o latoeMAT[oN. of Cto .Iowofoar,.-mo'w e lesar public rtlm?niur be what is. gener lly' r supposed to be, a liar, numerota'resigna'. ti'ls in the CityConncil will. ore long" take pliiee.-ibid . A wouvrm L?3.lnclelka7r.-Oit Sun?o, Sday afreriioon?a hallf madman. named 1 Carney, rushed into a house of Mr -Hogoi.r . Emerald , Hill,:' and requesting a m'atch, Ih from thteservant, he snatoeted the.lucifer' a box from her hands, lit some of theinmati' it ches, and strewed them upon the carpet: d After lona'. trouble the fellow was put out: but still ikttrcing aid beh,.tin4 in a very diUsrderly mannle', he w as handed -over Sto i ednstable. ' He was brought 1 befo: , the Police Court, on .ionday, and fined. id 40s, or three days incarceration,.-Ibid. a, l? II a tr ltbiiaartt.-Dturing the i' hours of Divine "'ervice on Sunda:y after. noes ilait, the premises of a person named e Bs lia g'aeneral dearet. tesiding in Lit tte .Lndalo street, were lelon;iusly enter e,: iafd propert' to a somewhat a usidera hble aeouunt was dirried away. "Not.the tti sligbtc'tellue ton tile robbers has-"yet'beeo-' be obtiinod, and not tihe least strange, part of the buiisease is that man'ay of the arttcles' .remevod are so bulky that it is difficult , o tilieve the removal mu ot :iotneecosa. ;ly bave"attracted the. attention of the neighbor.,'who however ptof uto be in blisful. igsoranae in retroneG to the afe fair.-lbid. 