Cfj, »jnöney JWtorníng P.cralÖ. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1855. The 21st Report of the Commissioners ap- pointed to enquire into the state of Education throughout this colony, published by us on Monday last, contains some important and use- ful suggestions with regard to the improvement of the training of pauper children, which are deserving of wide and general circulation. The particular subject of investigation in the present report is, the state of the Orphan Schools at Par- ramatta, and the class of objects to which the attention of the Commissioners is therein directed, are the most appropriate for the con- sideration of the civilising influences which for the benefit of society should be brought to bear upon institutions of this nature. The Commissioners have a just appreciation both of the disease and of the remedy. " The main design," say they, " of institutions of this class, should be to supply to the orphan and destitute children placed in them, those means of culture which their forlorn condition has denied them, but whicH are requisite to enable them to become good and useful mem- bers of society. It is not the least misfortune of these poor children that they inherit, in a majority of cases, from vicious and abandoned parents, a low physical organisation, blunted moral perceptions, and minds undeveloped from the want of instruction. Their habits aro dirty and repulsive, and their manners uncouth in the extreme. To remedy as far as possible their defective constitutions by a residence in a cheer- ful and healthy situation ; a sufficiency of wholesome food ; to bring them to habits of cleanliness, decency, and order; to give them a disposition for honest industry; to inculcate in them what is right, and to train them to practise it ; and, finally, to expand their minds, as far as possible, with secular and religious knowledge, seem to us the primary duties of such institutions." We regret to find that, judged by this standard, neither of our present institutions is in the opi- nion of the Commissioners fulfilling its mission. Into the details of the report it will not be possible for us to enter. Suffice it to say, that in hardly one point do these schools come up to the standard of efficiency and usefulness which the Commissioners have not unreasonably laid down. The arrangements for physical comfort, and moral, intellectual, and industrial training, are all more or less defective. In justice to the officers of the respective establish- ments, the fault does not appear to be theirs. They are not charged with any breach of duty, but they seem to be working alto- gether in the dark, without any system, without any encouragement. In the one esta- blishment (the Roman Catholic) we are told, there is the nominal control of a committee, who seldom visit ; in the other, there is posi- tively no supervision at all. It would seem as if society thought it had done its duty in provid- ing an establishment and furnishing the means of its support, and all else is left to caprice or accident. The Commissioners feelingly deplore the entire want of enlightened and efficient di- rection, and it is indeed sufficiently obvious that something mote is needed in institutions of this nature than the mere dull, spiritless, and mecha- nical discharge of routine duties. This total neglect of institutions that require more than any other, fostering care, and active and unre- mitting supervision, is not a creditable trait in the community, and we are glad to see the Com- missioners have thus quietly given it a befitting reproof. These establishments are supported at a cost to the community not, apparently, so very dis- proportionate, though it may be a question whether, if they are improperly 01 inefficiently conducted, they are not dear at any cost. This, however, would be hard to say ; and were it for no other purpose, we should unhesitatingly ad- vocate the principle of State support to sucli institutions, on the ground of the retributory duty that devolves upon society to make pro- vision for the relief of destitution, which has resulted from its own apathy and want of fore- sight. We ore disposed, however, to think that establishments of this nature might be made in a great degree, if not altogether, self-support- ing, and that their ability foi* self-suppoit is, in fact, the measure of their practical usefulness. The example of other countries has tested the correctness of the principle, and there is no reason to suppose that it cannot advantageously be applied here. Among others which may be mentioned, the Poor Schools at the Hague are not the least distinguished ; and the Trench establishment at Mettray, originated by the celebrated Abbé MONTYON, is also a conspicu- ous instance of the efficacy of self-supporting industrial training. The same social experiment has also been tried in the United States ; but as the evils of pauperism have only presented themselves in that country in a mitigated foim, it can hardly be cited as an example for the case which we are now considering. The Commissioners have a just appreciation of the want of a similar system of pauper training in our colonial institutions. These poor outcasts, the hapless offspring of vice and clime, are des- tined by society as a noble expiation for the wronjrs committed by the wretched authors of their being. They are to be trained up in the path of virtue, to be taught to get their liveli- hood by honest industry, in the hope that they will profit by the lesson, and, when turned out upon the woild, that, at least, they will become better members of society than their unhappy progenitors. So much for the pi inciple ; now for the practice. Let UB hear the Commissioners upon this point «« It is much to be regretted that there are no mean« of teaching handicrafts. Few of the children that we saw appear to possess constitutions sumotently strong to enable them to endure the severe toil of a day labourer. If taught some lighter employment, such as gardening, they would have a muoh greater chance of suece«». Gardening, for many reason«, seems to us peculiarly well suited to the necessities and capa- bilities of these children. In the first place, the esta- blishment would derive m'tch pecuniary benefit from the cultivation of a garden. The children employed in it would be learphg a meful and healthy occupa t fio», while at «As same rims they imbibed a hve for the mn( innOCmt and (Mightfal of recrea, fions. We were frequently struck in our tour through the colony with the remarkable paucity of gardens, even in situations the most favourable for that species of cultivation. We can account for this deficiency only nn the supposition that a tsste for gardening is possessed by very few of the colonists." It is very plain from this that the experiment of industrial training has never been tried in this establishment at all. The children have merely been afforded a modicum of common school learning*, and been taught to perform, apparently in a very imperfect and slovenly manner, some of the most ordinary household duties. They may emerge into indifferent household or farm drudges, but their industry will never be of much avail either to society or to themselves. Our expressive colonial epithet " crawler," is the one which may be most aptly applied to the offshoots of this system of moral stagnation. The training is dull and spiritless, and its tendency is to shed upon society a per- petual succession of miserable beings, stunted alike in body and soul. By thus going round and round the same circle, we are obviously wasting time and money to very little pur- pose. The nautical school suggested hy Mr. PARKES, ie a step in the right direction, and there is no reason why agriculture, and the common handicraft trades should not be taught in the same way, so as to be made a self-sup- porting experiment. An establishment might, without much difficulty, be formed, comprising a model farm, and workshops-the produce of the labour going to defray the expense of the necessary instruction and maintenance. The nucleus would be too insignificant to come into competition with general industry in similar fields of employment-not that this objection ought to be considered, even if urged. We throw out the hint, leaving the development of it to others. THE season has arrived when anxiety begins to be felt respecting the prospects of harvest. In some districts of the colony the crops still ap- pear flourishing ; in others, there is said to be an expectation of failure, unless timely rains re- lieve the soil. In others, again, there has been partial blight, from the effects of frost alternat- ing with drying winds from the interior. On the whole, we believe the general promise was, up to a very recent period, of a kind to call for the most enthusiastic gratitude of the com- munity towards Him (i who giveth the former and the latter rain in His season." But man is naturally a grumbler ; and though blessings be scattered around him he will still seek to justify his infidelity towards hope, by finding grounds of complaint, where little or none exist. Thus, because a heavy gale of wind has been blowing over the southern parts of New Holland, attended with conflagrations in the bush, there has been a dread of drought, and of a return of some one of those seasons which, in times past, might perhaps reasonably have alarmed the inhabi- tants as to certainty of a limited supply of the means of life. But does not such a tone of complaint in the present day argue a want of common sense in the public at large ? Let it be granted, that we have had in years gone by in- numerable proofs of the capaciousness of our climate, and that it is possible in 1855-6 there may be a return of what took place in 1838-9 ; and that, with our increased popu- lation, this would he a very dreadful event. But does it not occur to any one who thinks for a single moment on the question, that, with all our outcry about a immigration, with all our acknowledged necessity for increased popu- lation, there ought to be a corresponding endea- vour on the part of the same grumbling com- munity to meet the contingencies of compliance with their demands? This is a dry climate, and we have hot winds that, like the simoom of the desert, will pass over the full corn in the ear, and, breathing upon it, blight it as efficiently as if it had never been. We have an increasing population ; and where are we to find water for our gardens, our fields, and our mills ? The answer of common sense to all this is, You can make tanks to hold water when it descends from heaven to refresh you ; but you do not choose to do so. You will rather let the blessed showers run away to the ocean than stop them on their way to supply your demands. You have thousands upon thousands of acres of the richest soil in the universe merely waiting the hand of man to turn it over, that it may be green as an emerald with the cereal produce ; but you prefer dusty cities and crowded alleys, and would rather be employed in making laws to glorify the independence of squatters than encourage by example and effort the independence of what a;wise man has cal'ed the " first creditor " ofi a land, viz., the plough. Is it not a crying shame that. New South Wales, with a tract of occupied land more than eleven hundred miles in length, should have to import grain for its necessities ; and that, though there is this "dernier ressort" to fall back upon, it has never yet been acted on by such preliminary foresight, as would place the country in the condition of Egypt in the days of JOSEPH, rather than of the land of Canaan ? We honestly avow we hate croakers and grumblers, and wish we were all well rid of them. And. what is more, we think the grumblers and croakers about weather and climate are the worst lot of the whole. We are led to these remarks by the outcry that has taken place from all quarters about the bush fires of last week. One would think, from the accounts sent so freely to the Press, that a new rain of fire and brimstone had fallen on a new land of Sodom and Gomorrah. We shall take the liberty of stating our own experience on the subject of bush-fires. We have lived long enough in the thickly inhabited parts of the country to understand the actual danger, and the very frequently increased risk of that danger, from the carelessness of occupants of land and houses. And, we think we are in a condition from investigations into the physical conditions of those atmospherical phenomena called "hot winds," to separate what is the " Act of God" from the act of Man. The bush fires of " Black Thursday" [6th February, 1851] extended all along- the coast region from South Australia to Port Curtis. Fires simultaneously breaking out on the same day over such an area, certainly imply a univer- sal condition of atmospheric agency, which puts the origin of those fires beyond the probable control of man ; and from the memoranda of ob- servations then made, we deduce the important conclusion,-that there was, at that time, some ignitable gas freely conveyed by the furious wind that blew from New Holland as far as New Zealand, against which the efforts of men were in vain. But in this, as in every other example, we find that human foresight and precaution might have moderated the effect though they could not control or guide the cause of the calamity. It was the same on Saturday and Sunday week, with this difference : that the "hot wind" as it is called, had little to do with it. This is, not the place to enter into that question. But this we may say, that the wind which raged so furiously last week, was not strictly a " hot wind," at least, the " hot wind " was confined to a very small portion of time occupied by the gale. It was, as we think will be shown hereafter, an ordinary but heavy storm of wind, occurring at a time when the atmosphere was peculiarly dry, and, no doubt, producing itself enormous evaporation. This, then, was the disposing cause. The bush in its natural state thus dried up becomes susceptible of ignition. But the wind does not produce ignition. What, then, does ? There are but two exam- ples offered of the way in which ignition may naturally take place, and, we doubt not, has taken place. 1st. Boughs of trees grating against each other under the agitation of wind may produce ignition once in a while, just as fire is produced by the aborigines by the friction of one stick upon another, and as may be shown by any active " bushman" who has tried the experiment. 2nd. Glass bottles, lying in grass upon the ground under a burning sun, act as powerful lenses, and readily set the dry herb in a blaze under the operation of a fanning breeze, There is no doubt of this whatever. Queen's College, Cambridge, was set on fire, some years ago, by the action of the sun upon a globe of water which stood on the window sill of one of the student's rooms, in a favour- able position. But the most common causes of ignition are these : Fires made by careless people at pic nies, by bullock drivers and other travellers, and by blackfellows, who do not take care to extinguish their fires when they break ground, and by careless fellows that rejoice in cigars and tobacco pipes, who throw away their ashes with as much unconcern, as if they thought their highest ambition was " ex fumo dure lucem." These causes of conflagration may be thought hypothetical; yet the evidence on fires in London and other great cities taken by authority proves that a great proportion of such fires are occasioned by lucifer matches thrown down and stamped on, and there are many examples given of fires produced by rats and mice knawing Buch matches. Per- haps, therefore, in this land of smokers, lucifer matches may be taken as an additional agent in bush-fires. Captain STURT distinctly states, a match took fire in the interior duiing his last journey, on being thrown upon the heated ground. So much for the incen- diaries ; now for the sufferers. Experience tells us that nine times in ten precaution in the case of fires is better than a remedy, and that danger ensues from the care- lessness of the occupiers of lands and houses near the bush ; and, therefore, we say gener- ally-if men prefer living in wooden houses or in tenements of any kind in the midst of the bush, with rank vegetation, that may be con- verted into tinder by a dry wind, close up to their fences ; if they prefer having around them a thick moustache of scrub to a clean shaven Up of sward-lot them not complain, if, when acci- dent or design sets the bush in a blaze, they are to be seen as they were on Sunday week, in the fire of the trenches, instead of keeping a quiet day at church and in the family. It is impossible for legal enactments to effect much reform on smokers, bullock-drivers, black fellows, and pic-nic worshippers, on glass bot- tles, or chafing trees ; but if the inhabitants of our towns and villages arc not wise enough, of their own accord, to surround themselves with a fortification of cleared scrub and bush, then the law ought to take"" the matter out of their hands and enact, that no man shall be allowed to have any brush or scrub within some feet of his fences, or wooden buildings, on pain of punishment. This might be fairly made a subject of legislation in the new Parliament, where probably, there will be matters quite as fiery to debate, without half the usefulness. We are happy in thinking, that the late fires have done little damage, besides such as verifies fully the truth of our remarks above. This good will probably result from so early a burning. When the future bush-fiies of January and February come, they will find part of their work done, and themselves warded off by their predecessor. In general, a bush-fire is a water-maker ; in the last instance, the wind was so strong as to blow the water so made away from the land ; hence we have not had the usual rain-and ex- cellent rain it is from its carbonaceous distillation -after a bush-fire. We trust, if needed, it will yet come. 