AGRICULTURE (fi OÍ» tin. Bel fist Ua~Mc) IN fulfilment of tho promis" mielo in our last num- ber, of offering to our rcadei s, especially to such who muy. bo interested in this important question, we wish it. to be clearly undeistoocl that our remarks will 1 mainly apply to tin management of the farms, and tho average" nature of the soil of this district ; as a differencs eitlvr of soil or locality might, in some degree, require a different modi of treatment, as with tho heavy and light soils of lingi an 1 and other parts of the wen-Id, where d'fl'-rcnt sy-tems of cultiva- tion are pursued, yet each suitable to tho soil and climate. For the benefit of such firimrs who may not bo thoroughly practical agriculturists, as also of others who may bo even still lees so, but who are about entering intithit occupai on, we will, in the first places begin with the clearing of the land, and the form ition of a farm. lu tho e'earing of land, tho first operation, no a matter of cours?, is tho foiling of the timber, and next the getting rid of it, by the formation of fences and burning the supciflaity. ,To such as posses» the means, we most s-rongly urgo the advisability, billi on the sooro of having more available land for the cultivation of crops, and ultimate economy, to avoid brush or log fc-ncos, which, from the devastating effects of bush-fires, havo inflicted very serious loss on some anil proved the total ruin of others from their combustible nature, bring almost as dangerous as liny and corn ricks, heiig encircled by a trihi of gun powder; we therefore s-ig¿est cither to substitute the pest and rail fencing, which, in case of hii«.h fires rend rs tho means of avoiding the serious t-ff- cts of the latter m ire available by brc iking the connect- ing l.nk of that devouring element, by the easy pro- cess of the removal of ii few p mels, a far easier umler taking than thnt of either a brush or heavy log fence. There aro bat few Hiles without an ex.option, and al- though even post and rail fences may at times be bin nt, or partially so, we maintain that, where the latt'r de- scription of fences existed at tho peri.el of the exten- sive and most dcstiuctivo bush-fires towards the close of last year, ami at the co nmeneoment of the present, the damage and loss sustained were far less than where the other descriptions prevailed. Viewing the subjecteconom eilly, we maintain that the post and rail tonos is eventtiii'ly the cheapost, also in another light, th° safest. There are but few brush or log fences which do not cover six feet of width of land, that is, that that breadth of land could be cropped additionally where a post and rail fence exists. As there are but few farms, and those'not veryltrge ones liihsr, whic'.ihavc not amile of fencing, it is therefore evilent that there is neirly three quarters of an acre hut, which might annually have produced twenty to thirty bushels of wheat, or from two to three tons potatoes. Let a farmer estimate that loss at the termination of a fourteen years' lease, at the current annual value of the producá during that period, when he will no doubt find that the post and rail fence wouldhavcbeen eventually the cheapest. The other objection to the brush and log fences is, that they encourage and act as a protection to the growth of weeds, which got disseminated over the farm, whilst they porform the duty of luoifor matches to t^ie fences during the dry season, when bush-iirea prevail, and from which tha post and-r.ul fences are comparatively free. The description of fence which we would most strongly recommend being adopted (and uliitna'cly must be) is a elouble light sapling or other f-nce, with a view to the formation of hce'g-3. The Kaiigwoo Island (South Australie) scrub forms a prickly and impervious hodge, and is of rapid growth; and without going s o far »rom home, diereis a shrub to bo found within half a mile of this town, growing wild, and alinoit unnoticed, equally as we'l adapted, if not nure so in onerespecr, than the Kan- garoo Island shrub, bein^fess combustible, anti which can be reared from cuttings, while the other is reaicd from seed. The shrub we ailu le to is to be found 'in tho vicinity of the southern boac'a, with a glossy small leaf, a rather tendu- battle stalk, free from thorns, and although it does not exhibit a very promising appear- ance on tho margin of the sea, by its li it top and re- ceding form, from the effects of the strong southerly winds and t>to sott air, so f_cncially obnoxious to vegetation, inland it grows Lixuricntly, erect, uni quickly. It is to bo elistiiiguishetl from the native myrtle by its stem being free from the thorns, the leaves more glossy, and of a lighter green ; and in more tha'i oric rc-p?ct has the advantage over quick- set, by its being a nativo plant, an evergreen, and of far quicker growth, anel close and compact, almost impervious to light. Its capa- bilities for hc^r-i'ows have been fully estaS ILeheel, and with those who are tasty and take a p.ile in tho neat appearance of their fenns, such hedges could be trimmed anel kept at a given height willi far greater facility than the quiekbrt, anil is undoubtedly the best berner in our estimation »gainst bush fires. Wo will now briefly revert to the clearing of the land, and b g to state preliminarily that " what is worth doing at all is worth woll doing," and it were far better that a farmer shouM have fowor acres of well-cleared land, so as more freely to admit of tho operation of the plough, than a largor quantity in a half-e'eared states as ho may rest assured that lor the capital and labour expenled in either way the aeldi t-.onal crop on the fermer would be far more equivalent to the capital expmdeel than the: yield of the latter, loss cxrfense in tillago, seed, and harvesting ; and it is to be regretted that there is stilt agrcatbrea-lth of l.nd which lias been under cultiva i ni some half-dozen years or more not half-cleareel, where the ? plough annually turns asido the same roots, and the shares get bruk m, as well as ¿i iruo.-s, against the saine stones crca-ing loss of ground, i-f '.itao (time is nally money no.;, at the current rate of wagi-s), a-id monty for repairs, far more than equivalent to tho extra cost ot efi'ct'uUy clearing the land in the first instance, which civilices a gieat want of reflection and notions o? economy ; that while there are farms almost wholly in that state, they are barlesquing the ' term, by," clearing moro land after the Rame fashion." It would puzzle an umpire on some ferais to decide which was tho greatest of the two -the crop of weeds or the crop ot agricultural produce ; and we most earnestly warn all slovenly farmers, that at the expira- tion of existing leaser, when the farms w U be re-leased at a c msiderib'.y increased rental, it will be here, as in England, and in a certain proportion according to the value of the land, the interest of the landlord that the land sboul 1 bo well cultivated, and such as neglect to perf irm their duty towards themselves, the soil and the landlord, by negligently clearing, fencing, or weeding the land ; it is not imaginary conjecture that the land- lords will " weed" the farmers. Everton some farms, where the occupiers havo the reputation of being tolerably good farmers, so fit as efficient ploughing, cleanness of crops, &u.;, a non-agriculturist, on viewing some crops, might, in his innocence, inquire -of tho farmer. Pray Sir, what is s.iwn here, wheat or oats ? To which query the latter might honestly rtply,in the language of the showman, when the child, on looking into the peep-show, asks him " which is the lion and which is tlie dog ?", " Which ever you like, my litre man," says tho showman ; and in like manner might the'farmer answer his qicrist, it being difficult io decide in parliamentary language, which were, tl.e " ayes," tho wheat or the oats. . : 