. TASMANIA. AVc have intelligence from Hobart Town to the 9th, and from Launceston to the 10th iast. Arrangements had been made fora public meeting in tho /theatre, Hobart 'Town, on tho 10th inst., to adopt measures for aiding the patriotic fand. Tho journals very earnestly commend the ob- ject to the public support. Tho Tasmanian Teetotal Society have issued an address to the inhabitants of Hobart Town, having reforene» to tho approaching elections, strongly deprecating tho system of supplying the means of drunkenness and debauchery on suoli occasions. They say, "an election gained by such foul means is worse than a defeat ¡ and the candidate deserving of all honor is ho who would sooner forego tho coveted distinction than seek to gain it by corrupting his fellow men." Three mon, all recently from Norfolk Island, broke into and thoroughly ransacked tho house of Mr. Nicholson, in Victoria street, aboat half past twelve o'clock on Monday morning. Being pursued, they fired a.pistol at the police, tho ball grazing tho arm of one of the constables. AU three have been apprehended. Mr. Carpenter, of Oyster Cove, was robbed on the 2nd inst., about three milos from Brown's River, by two men who rushed out from some ferns, and seized the bridle of his horse, each of them presenting n pistol at his head. Tho nomination for the city took place, when the show of hands was said to be in favor of Mr. Perry, Charles Lovett, of the Now AVharf, and Charles Draasfiold, of Sorell, are insolvent. Tho members of the Jewish persuasion celebra- ted the opening of their now year by a ball on Monday night. SUNDAY TRADING -Quito an onslaught has been mado upon a body of small dealers in this town recently by the police. The other day no less than thirteen of such dealers, comprising confectioners, greengrocers, ginger-beer sellers, and; such like, wero summoned upon infor- mation at the police office, under the 51st section of tho Police Act, which' enacts "that the magistrates-shall, as fur as in them lies, cause the Lord's day to bo duly observed.by all persons in towns and ports, and shall not permit or suffer any house, shop, or store, or. other place therein, to be open on that day for tlie purpose of trndo or dealing, tho shops or . houses of bakers, pastrycooks, or confectioners, until flic hour often o'clock in tho forenoon, and between the hours of one and three in the afternoon, and of apothecaries and chemists at any hour only ' excepted ; and any person who shall trado or deal or keep open any shop, store, or other place, ex- cept as aforesaid, for tho purpose of^trnde or deal- ing on the Lord's day, shall on conviction forfeit and pay for every suôh offence a sum not.exceed- ing £5." Thoy all pleaded gall ty, and were each fined in the mitigated penalty of 5g, without costs, tho paliec magistrate observing that ho hoped such leniency would operate as a caution for tho future. Mr. D. C. Brown said tho moieties of the fines would bo handed over to the Benevolent Society.- Launceston Examiner. Tnn AVAR.-Tho gonerous philanthropy and disinterested benevolence of Miss Nightingale and her devoted band, who havo gono forth amidst the wounded aad the dying to ollevlnto their Bufferings and minister to their comfort, havo elicited unanimous expressions of sympothy and admiration. Tho females of Tasmania ate not wanting in tho snmo generous emotions; but though precluded by distance from per- sonally engaging iu tho naine mission, thoy have nobly come forward to contribute by their indus- try and ort to tho funds required for tho relict of tho sick and wounded at the Crimea, AA » notice that a mooting of ladies interested in hold- ing a bazaar for this purpose, will bo held to- morrow afternoon, at four o'clock, at tho Frank lin Lodge . , ' Busn FIRES.-Yesterday George Taylor was committed to gaol for three months, for wilfully lighting n Uro on land in fho occupation of Mr. Thomas Barrett, df tho East Tamar, on the 28th of last moatli, the first day of the races. Tho fellow appears to havo been drunk, and to have lain down on the grass: immediately after ho lett, the flames burst out. About fifteen acres wjre burnt. This was the first case in Launceston under the Bush-fires Prevention Act passed last session. , QUARTER'S REVENUE.-Tho revenue rcccivca during the erneuter ended 3Ht December, Iwl, showBa not increase of £5017 4s. 2d. over the same emarter of 1853. 