MOCNT CRAWFORD. Monday, ist January. Present—Messrs. David Randall (Chairman), Joseph Gilbert, and Robert Rankine. The Chairman read copy of a letter to the Colonial Secretary asking if the day of election of District Council lors was postponed; also ActwgColonial Secretary's reply, stating that by the Amended District Councils Act the present Councillors remain in office till the let March next. The Chairman, considering his instructions to write to Mr. Young too indefinite, reported his not having done so. ! Resolved, that the Chairman write to Mr. Young ask- j ing him to have tlie plan ready, that it may be had when : called for. The Banger's report received and approved of Resolved, that the Ranger be instructed to keep a look- 1 out, and in the event of a fire occurring in the district, to give immediate alarm to the nearest neighbours; also to inform against any party found violating the Act passed in the late session for the prevention of bush-fires, &c.; Ifcesolved, that the Chairman write to the Government Printer for six copies of the Amended District Councils Act j also six copies of the Stubble Burning Act. A discussion having arisen respecting the late bush-fire in the neighbourhood of Trial Hill, it was unanimously resolved that an advertisement be inserted in the Gocer/t' ment Gazette and weekly papers calling for evidence as to its origin, the Council being determined to do all in its power to enforce the penalties inflicted bv the Acts of the Legislative Council. Received from the Secretary of the Association of Dis trict Councils Chairmeu forms for the alterations of roads. Ordered, that £15 be paid to Saml. Partridge on account i of assessment. Resolved, that the next meeting of this Council be held on Tuesday, the 16th instant. Circular received and read from the Central Board of Main Roods. Received from Mr. George Warren tracing* and hooks of reference of roads through section 96i Resolved, that the Secretary- write to the Poundkeeper asking his reasons for not having ftirnislied last month's returns. 