GEELONG SUMMARY FOR ENGLAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Wednesday. March 7th, 1855. The great political event of the day is still the State Trials; Here, as in Melbourne, and any other town and district, it forms the leading sub- ject of discussion. The ill-advised determination of the Government to proceed against the pri- soners for high treason, notwithstanding the general expression of public opinion to the con- trary, has resulted in a total defeat; and the rather desperate alternative of the Attorncy Goneral to postpone the trial of the other pri- soners, and summon a fresh jury panel, because he could not get a conviction from the first, has considerably lessened the chance of a conviction, even for a minor offence, and will array the whole colony on the side of the prisoners, even if they be convicted. There is existing still among us a heartfelt desire to see fair play, even should the accused be a traitor. The fine old English feeling of letting any man defend himself under any cir- cumstances, still prevails among the population of these colonies; and the extreme hardships that have been imposed by the Crown, through re- peated blunders and continued obstinacy, on the State prisoners, has had the effect of enlisting much more of the public sympathy in their be- half. If the Crown again proceeds to trial for the same offence, it is more than likely that the witnesses who have been for the past five weeks tired off their legs, and drained of their moneys, dancing attendance at court, will be unable to attend ; and the result may be a Conviction. Bul can such a conviction be honorable to the Crown or acceptable to the public ? If a man is a great criminal, he is still entitled to a fair trial ; and if his witnesses are poor and needy, living at a distance from the seat of justice, is it not griev- ously wrong and unjust to deprive him of that assistance by repeated delays and blunderings? I do not join in the opinion, very freely expressed by many people, that this method of procedure has been adopted by the Executive to ensure a conviction. God forbid that any member of the Government could think of resorting to such an atrocious scheme but whether intentional or otherwise will matter little to the prisoners. They will be deprived of the power of defending themselves, and will be the victims of the course pursued by the Govern- ment. Perhaps, in speaking of the State trials as they are termed, you will allow me to notice a celebrated case which occurred some years ago in New South Wales, and which in many of its features was very similar to the recent disturbances here. I allude to the case of Lieut. Colonel Johnston, who, on the 26th January 1808, put himself at the head of the 102nd or New South Wales' Regiment, marched to the Government nouse, in Sydney, and seized, arrested, and imprisoned Governor Bligh, and removed and supplanted nearly all the civil officers of the Government. The cause of this extraordinary proceeding was exactly what caused the disturbances at Ballaarat : tyranny, oppression, and corruption of the Govern- ment officers. Not satisfied with the fair administration of Justice, Governor Bligh endeavoured by every means in his power, to coerce the Judge of the criminal Court of the colony, and to obtain a conviction for sedition against Captain M'Arthur and others who had refused to submit to his tyrannical measures. The people of the colony, generally, were wearied with oppression, and clamorous for a change. It was at this stage of affairs that Lieutenant-Colonel Johnston went at the head of his regiment, and deposed and arrested Governor Bligh. He was subsequently brought to trial for mutiny (not for high treason), and the officers who formed the court martial (consist- ing of the Hon. C. Manners Sutton, Judge Advocate ; Lieutenant-General W. Keppell, President ; Lieutenant-Generals Sir David Baird, Milner, Finch, D. M'Donald, and Dowdes- well ; Major-Generals Paget and Kerr ; Colonels Burnett, Fyers, Anson, O'Laughlin, and F. W. Butler; Lieutenant-Colonels Lord Proby and Patterson ;) found him guilty, and sentenced him to be cashiered. The defense set up by Lieut.-Col, Johnston was not that he was innocent, but that he was "justified" in the course he had adopted as the only one that would remove the cause of dissatisfaction, and check the oppressive measures of Government. In the affair of Scobie's death, and the sham examination afterwards by Government officers of Bentley, the suspected culprit, we find a para- lel but stronger case of corruption than any adduced against Bligh; and what was it that eventually brought Bentley to justice, but the burn- ing of his house by the mob - an act of incen- diarism ? And how were the incendiaries pun- ished? - with a few months imprisonment. Roused by the corruption, which now became matter of public notoriety, the people got irritated and ex- citable ; and as their feelings waxed stronger, the Government, instead of adopting a soothing poli- ey, added fuel to the fire, - and then came the collection of the license-fee at the muzzle of the guns of the police. There can be no doubt that many availed themselves of the confusion arising from this state of things to go much further than was warranted; but the whole disorder having arisen, in the first instance, from the rascality of certain officials, and having been subsequently fomented by the folly and tyranny of others of the same class, a very great latitude should bo allowed for the first transgressors to those whom their oppression had led, or rather driven, into error. The following is the report of the Court Martial, on Lieut. Colonel Johnston, and it shows that the Prince Regent himself was willing to accede to the principle maintained by that court : that the oppression and maladministration of the Govern- ment should materially affect the consequences of Colonel Johnston's crime : " Horse Guards, June 29th. 1811. " Court-Martial.-The Court having duly and maturely weighed and considered the whole of the evidence adduced on the prosecution, as well as what has been offered in defence, are of opinion that Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson is guilty of the act of mutiny as described in the charge, and do therefore sentence him to be cashiered. I am to acqaiunt you that under all the circumstances of this case, his Boyal ilighness was pleased, in the name and on behalf of his Majesty, to acquiesce in the sentence of the court. I am further com- manded to acquaint you, that in passing a sen- tence so inadequate to the enormity of the crime of which the prisoner has been found guilty, the Court have apparently been actuated by a consid- eration for the circumstances of impropriety and oppression which, by the evidence on the face of the proceedings, have so strongly marked the conduct of Governor Bligh in the administration of the high office with which he was intrusted by his Majesty. But although the Prince Regent admits the prin- ciple under which the Court have allowed this consideration to act in mitigation of the pun- ishment which the crime of mutiny would other- wise have suggested, yet no circumstances what ever can be received by his Royal Highness in full extenuation of an assumption of power so sub- versive of every principle of good order and discipline as that under which Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson has been convicted. You will acquaint me with the day upon which the sentence is made known to the prisoner, Lieutenant-Colonel John- son, as from that day he will cease to receive pay in his Majesty's service. "FREDERICK, "Commander-in-chief. " Adjutant-General of the Forces. Next to these State trials, the great subject o conversation is, "the latest news from the seat of war." Tho details brought by the mail of 9th December, relative to the battle of Inkermann, havo caused a thrill of admiration, mingled with melancholy, to vibrate in overy bosom. Removed as wo aro out here, far from the theatre of blood, and depending entirely upon the many accounts reaching us through the onpers, we may he supposed to bo unable to form any opinion of our own as to the proceedings in connection with the war. But while wo are willing to pay homngo to the noble gallantry of our fighting countrymen, wo think that so many of the flower of the English army, and of high English blood, havo been shamefully sacrificed. So far as wo can judge, it ¡s thought that Lord Aberdeen has not his heart in the war ; and that tho mercy shown towards the city of Odessa in one sea, and to that of Revel in another, waa false sympathy, of a most injurious naturo to our brave soldiers, who aro now being called upon to meet at each successive engagement the hosts of enemies that derive their whole supplies from that city which should havo boen a heap of ruins. It may be laudable in two honorable opponents to spare private rights, and protect and care for the wounded of both sides ; but with the examples of savage butchery the Russian soldiers have ex- hibited to our dying and wounded, there can be no excuse for hunting down such a foe, and « everything is fair in war timo" 'should ho the motto of every British and French commander. Tho splendid ship James Baines, which brought the last mail, bad a mail on board for Geelong, but which Captain M'Donnell, like one or two other captains on former occasions, took on to Melbourne, instead of landing the same at Queens- cliffe, according to tho port regulations. By this refusal of Captain M'Donnell we were kept without our letters for twenty-four hours longer than wai necessary. An information was laid against him for this breach of the port regula- tions, and ho was fined £50 and costs. The shit Elizabeth, Captain Nicolle, which sailed from this for London on tho 9th February, left the inner harbor of Geelong a full ship, proving tht practicability of the new ship channel for vessels of a certain draught of water. The following letter of Captain Nicolle, addressed to Mr Napier, Superintendent of tho dredging opera rations, will speak for itself: "Dear Bir,-Before leaving this pott, permit me t< address a few lines to you, to express my thanki for the valuable assistance you have rendered mi in bringing my ship, the Elizabeth, safely over tin bar. " When I arrived here, it waa doubted by most o &2!§ïïift Hbvm s ppoiie, whejUec IU$ Efe»bÇp then drawing twelve feet four Inches, oould be brought over the »or ; but from my interview with yourself and my own observations, I felt certain it could be accomplished, and in your charge she WJB safely brought into the inner harbor and moored alongside tho wharf. " Had I met with similar treatment from all here to that which I receivtd from vou, I would have taken fn nil my cargo where 1 first moored, at a lesa expense to the ship, with greater convenience to the shippers, Ac , and in a shorter time than was necjs-arlly occupied in lightering the goods to tho place where I wa3 ordered to anchor. I merely mention this to point out the absoluto ne oessity there exists for Increased wharf aooomroo dation, and every other inducement that can be hold out to large ships to cume alongside the wharves. "But I have chiefly to congratulate you on the success with which you took my Bhlp over the Bar on Monday, when fully loaded, having be tween 1700 and 1800 bales of wool, b3Sides other cargo and ballast, and drawing, as she WAS, thir- teen fett eight fnohes. "I am now thoroughly onvlnoed that the im. provemonts you hive effected by your steam dredge are such that Bhips drawing fourteen feet of water, and in tow of a powerful steamer, may venture with safety into the inner harbor. " Wishing you all BUOCOSS in your useful under- taking, and trusting that on my next visit to this port theru may be s ill leBs of a run to the naviga- tion of its splendid harbor, 1 remain vours trulv. JAMES K. NICOLLE, .Commander ship Elizabeth. Geelong, 7,th Feb.. 1855. Trade continues dull in Geelong, notwithstand- ing a favorable reaction in business matters in Melbourne nnd at the gold-fields. But although business is not very brisk, there is moro confi- dence existing than of late. The rapid rise und growing extent of the new township of Ballaarat, on the diggings of tho same name, lins injured ' the retail trade of this town to some considerable extent. Tile largo number of retail traders now established on that township havo fairly usurped the retail trade that formerly was carried on liore. The banks having become purchasers of gold at Bnllaarnt. and giving tho highest price for it, intluces the digger of course to sell on tho spot, and the competition in trade provides him with supplies as cheaply as he could take thom up from this himself. Business generally is looking hotter, and a bustling season next spring is looked forward to with confidence. Return of the number and tonnago of all vessels entered inwards and outwards at tho port of Geelong, from tho 1st day of January to the 5th day of March, 1855, inclusive : Inwards Sailing Véasela Ko. i Tonnage Steamers. No. I Tonnage. Great Britain .. Foreign ports ... Intercolonial porta . Ports oouBtwîso IS 0,371 403 3,207 4,561 Where bound. Great Britain .. Foreign ports .. Intercolonial ports ... Ports coastwise Sailing Vesaeis So. Tonnage 2,303 5,191 4,033 4.078 Steamers. No. i Tonnage. 1,101 Memorandum of the quantities of »pints, wines, tobacco, and cigars, on which duty has been paid at the Custom House, Geelong, from tho 1st January to 5th March, 1855, inclusive. Brandy . 8523 gallons. Gin. 2780 " Bum. 2089 " Whiskey . 718 " Perfumed and other spirits ... 20 " Total ...' ... 14,730 " Winea, total . 22,903 " Tobacco ~.. 13,295 pounds. Cigars . 1,343- " Total . 14,038 " The western gold-fields continue to yield as much gold na ever,-in fact, I may say more, as there ia a very large quantity of gold net shown in the eacort returns, which ia brought down by private hand from the varioua weatern fields where no escort ia yet established. Among these may be mentioned, Wnrdy Yallock, Smythe's Creek, Mount William, and many localities be- tween the latter Mount and Ballaarat. Ballaarat still maintains its position as tho leading and moat permanent goldfield, but digging is here not on the wholo so profitable as on the other fields round it. It asîunies now more the ap- pearance of a lottery than of a suro reward for labor. The depth to which it is necessary to sink, and the expense attending the sinking, make the Ballaarat field the resort only of moneyed diggers or "shepherds ;" while the new arrivals and men out of funda betake themselves to surfacing on moro shallow digging than that of Ballaarat. From Mount William the accounts are more satisfactory than heretofore, and there is no denying the fact that large quantities of gold continue to arrlvo in Geelong by private hand from this and other fields of minor importance. The diggings at Maryborough and Avoca have rather fallen off during the last three months. This may safely bo attributed to the late ex ccssive drought having completely put a stop to all surface digging, except in the neighborhood of a good supply of water. These diggings will, however, bo worked with profit and advantage, as soon as the winter rains have replenished the creeks. At Crcswick's Creek, a large quantity of gold continues to be produced ; and a line or lead has lately been struck upon there, similar to those of Ballaarat. Machinery, strange to say, is scarcely yet thought of, notwithstanding the many inducements offered by nature, and the richness of tho auriferous rocks for its intro- duction. The following is a table of the amount of gold received per escort, from the date of my last let- ter up to the 5th instant : EASTEKN GOLD-FIELDS. Mount Alexander. Bendigo. M'lvor. The Ovena. The Goulburn. Ounces. January 8 -14,070 " 15.-15,727 " 22.-25,610 ,, 29.-13,129 February 5.-20,452 " 12,-13,470 " 19.-20,355 " 20.-13,150 Mardi 5.-18,502 Total... .155,471 WKBTSIIK GOLD-FIELDS. Ballaarat. Avooa. Maryborough. CreBwiok'd Creek. Ounces. January 8.-11,731 " 15.-15,730 " 22 -14,139 " 29,-14,403 February 5.-11,570 " 12.-14,095 " 19.-12,280 " 26.-11,886 March 5.-12,781 Total... 118,621 Under the head of amusements, I may take tho opportunity of noticing the arrival, a short time ago, of Mr. Caplo and Miss Goddard, the cele- brated actors. They played hero for a fortnight, and wore very well received and applauded, al-' though, from the prevailing pecuniary depres- sion, the theatre was not so well filled as they perhaps anticipated. We also had a visit from our old friend, Mr. Coppin, who, as usual, drew crowded houses. On the 28th ult. an amateur performance was given at the Theatre Royal in aid of the funds of thç Goolong Hospital, which was very fairly supported by the public and well gone through by the amateurs. The pieces selected were Sheridan's celebrated play, "The Rivals," and the afterpiece of " The Wonderful Woman," in both of which the amateurs received the well-deserved applause of an intelligent audience. The nett proceeds of the house will bo about £150, a very handsome sum for these dull times. The gentle- men who played aro members of a Garrick Club recently established hore; and the club in tends to givo other two entertainments of a similar kind,- one for the benefit of the Orphan Asylum; and the other in aid of tho Patriotic Fund, for the relief of the distress caused by the war. On the 8th of last month the Geelong Annual Regatta carno off hero with considerable eclat. Tho day was most propitious ; and although a very large number of boats were out, no acci- dent occurred, Tho prizes offered consisted of two silver cups, valued each at £15, for rowing matches ; a new boat, do. ; two first prizes of £30 each, and two second prizes of £5 each, for sail- ing matches; one first prize of £20, one first prize of £15, and two second prizes of £5 each, also for sailing boats: one first prize of £30, one first prize of £15, and two second prizes of 51. each, for rowing matches; besides 10/. fora duck race. The sailing matches wero well contested, but the rowing matches were not so. The day was made a public holiday, the banks, and other public offices, and nearly all tho shops in town being closed. Not sat- isfied with this, another attempt was made, and to get up a second regatta, which also succeeded, the following prizc3 being offered for competition :-A silver cup for rowing match, gentlemen amateurs, second prize, £5 ; two first prizes of £20 each, and one of £15, with three se- cond prizesof £5 each. For sailing matches:-One first prize of £20, and ono second prize of £5. For tradesmen amateurs' rowing match:-One first prize of £25, and one second do. of £10. For watermen's rowing match :-Ono first prize of £10, and one second prize of £5 ; for a rowing match, two oars ; and £10 for a duck race. This second regatta took place on Wednesday last : the day was remarkably favorable for the sport, but there was not quite such a muster of boats and spectators as on the former occasion ; neither was the day observed as a general holiday. The racos, however, went off well, and th« day'{¡ The following aro tho only items of miscel- laneous news worth recording. The public works of the town continuo to be proaecuted with vi- gor, and the majority of tho contracta for the re- pairs and formation of streeta will be fulfilled previous to the setting in of winter. A tender has been accepted by the Town Council for the erection of the first wing or portion of the new rown Hall, and tho foundation stone will be laid in a short time, with all the ceremony peculio-r to such occasions. Tho new'Qrphan Asylum is a\so being commenced, and Wednesday, tho Uih instant, is the day selected for laying the founda- tion stono of it. Arrangements are being ma¿c for tho usual procession, and it is proposed to make a general holiday on the 15th. Buildings continue to' bo erected in many localities both in the business portion of the town and in the fubuibs ; but this department of our trade is not so briak as formerly.-One of our local insurance companies has suffered rather severely owing to tho late fires in Melbourne, a good deal of the property destroyed being insured in the institution referred to. The fires in Mel- bourne we.-o so frequent at one time, the circum- stances connected with some of them wcro so suspicjpus, and the extent to which they hail been insured with this company so créai, that the directors had sorious intentions of refusing» to insure any Melbourne property at all.-On the 7th of lust month the Geelong Volunteer Rifle Corps turned out for a field-day. About fifty of the corps met at the rooms of ono of the officers, and marched through tho town to the narade-ground, with a band of music at their dead. Tlio Mayor of the town, who has been appointed major of the corp', went out with them in uniform to seo thom exercise. Considering the short time that most of them havo been in the force, they get through their exercise tolerably well.-About £000 has been subscribed towards" the building of a Mechanics' Institutein Geelong. The old body has been dissolved, and has been amalgamated with another institution, known as tho Geelong Literary and Scientific Society. The amalgamation gives promise of the advancement of the new Mechanics* Institute - There are at the present time no less than five steamers plying daily between this town and Melbourne, besides two screw steam cargo boat«; while three four-horse coaches, well horsed, each keep up a daily communication witli Ballaarat and Creswick's Creek.-On Friday last, a public meeting of the members of the Church of Eng- land in this town was convened for the purpose of devising measures to raise subscriptions to the Patriotic Fund, now being raised throughout the colonies generally, in aid of the widows and orphans of the war. Owing to the absence of the archdeacon, the meeting was adjourned till a futuro day. Considerable alarm has Intely been* created hero for fear that it would bo found1 necessary to closo the Public Infirmary and Hospital. The cause of alarm was the withdrawal of a Legislative enactment disposing of the polioc-offioe fines, which had hitherto afforded the institution so much power of relieving distress-. The funds havo lately been -at a rather low ebb, and this strong pecuniary support being withdrawn threatened a speedy closing of tho doors. A pro- mise has, however, been made by tho Govern- ment which, with tho voluntary contributions, moy still enable it to. afford that reliof so much required by peoplo in indigent ciroumstanoes. The following annual report of the affairs of this much needed institution was read by the secro tary at a meeting of subscribers, held on the 25th January last : The Committee of Management, in laying thoir 1 hird Annual Report beibre the subscribers to the institution, beg to congratulate them on the ad- vance and improvement ol the eatablishmsnt in ey.ery partic-ilar caloulated to Inórense and'per feot its usefulness, confident that at no former period was the Institution in anything like its present general efficiency, as ahown by the follow- ing statement of its operations: On the 1st of January, 1854, 44 persona re mained in the institution,-31 in the Infirmary and 10 in the Benevolent Asylum. 380 persons have been admitted to the institution during the year,-359 to the Infirmary, and 21 to the Bene, volent Asylum,-making 424 who have been In the institution during the year ; of which number 251 have been discharged from the Infirmary cured, and 7 from the Benevolent Asylum ; 63 have died in the Infirmary, and 1 In the Benevolent Asylum ; and 72 persons-49 in the Infirmary, and 23 in the Benevolent Asylum- remained in the institution on the 1st day ot January, 1855. There have been l>9 dispensary cnBea of out patients, making 493 persons who have received the benefits of your in. stitution during the year 1854. The number o admis-ions, it may be observed, was double at the end of the year than those at its commencement. With regard to the deaths that have occurred, your committee would remark that, as in previous years, the h-t has been greatly augmented by the number ol dying persons and persons laboring under Incurable diseases they have had to admit ; ar d they would impresB on subscribers the dosir ability of refraining from sending patients for admission who are known to be in a dyin? state, and who would have to be buried by the institu. tion at an expense it ought not to be called upon to bear. The prevailing diseases treated during tho year, as she. n by the list which will be printed, have been : Casualties, 70 ; acute and chronic rheumatism, 20 ; dinrrham and dysentery, 27 J consumption, 11 ; paralysis, 11 ; scurvy, 7, io. With regard to the religious persuasion of the patients odmttted, it may be satisfactory for your committee to state that amongst the number were; 219 Episcopalians, 104 Homan Catholics,42 Prcaby. terians, 10 Wcsleyana, 10 Independents, 8 Luthe- ran«, 6Baptibts, 1 Unitarian, 1 Deist, I Buddhist.and 3 Mohammedans, Your institution thus embra- cing the relief of every Beet that may Seek its aid. In the report for 1853, your committee regretted that the accommodation nfforced by the premises wna utterly inadequate to the wants of this rapidly increasing community. A build, ing committee has since been appointed, and moBt strenuous efforts have been made to remedy the evil. Tho outbuildings, willoh were then unfinished, have been complotcd, and the original design carried out by the erection of two large wings or additions to the first structure, The present state of the building itself wi IbeBt show the extent and result of these exertions, which have been oomplcted at a cost of £7500, of which £4907 has been paid, leaving £2590 due. To meet which there ÍB the balance of the grant from Government, £2083 ; leaving a deficiency in build- ing account of £515. There is now room in the institution for 170 beds, but the increased accom- modation cannot be made available without an additional amount for furniture, Your committee bogs to exproas its thanks to the Government for the liberal assistance granted in aid of the building, and also to acknowledge the liberality of tho respective local bankB, for their generous contributions- with one exception, of £50 eaoh-for the same object. By the accounts which have been audited, and an abstract ol which will be read to you (a de- tailed account ol every item of receipt and expen. dituro lies on the taale lor your inspection), you will observe that the rcceipta from all sources have been £12,224 10s. lid , and the expenditure has been £12,481 10s. 6d" entailing a deficiency of £250 19s, 9d. ; add to this the deficiency, £515, of building accounts, shows the institution to be £771'19s. 9d. in debt. The total amount of subscriptions and donations was £1711 18B. lid., and the amount of polios fines rcocived about £3600. You will observe that the police fines more than doubled the subscriptions and donations in 1854, but by a recent enactment of the Legis. lative Council, the Management of Towna Act, the Institution has been deprived of this source of revenue, and your Committee deeply regret to state that', unless an equivalent for this immense reduction be obtained, the institution will either have to be entirely closed, or Its operations be so limited as to render it of but small comparative advantage to the public, and thus its greatly ex- tended facilities and accommodation, which are now urgently required to carry out its great ob jeots, will be cf no avail In order to support the Institution in its present state, without taking into consideration tho greatly increased requirements of the community, a sum of at leaBt £5000 would be required. The amount placed on the estimates for 1B55 by the j Government for your Institution, notwithstand- ing repeated applications and appeals by your committee lor more, is £1500; and your committee, under piesent circumstances, cannot anticipate any very considerable addition to the subscrlp. tiona and donations of last year. It will, there, fore, be evident to you that the calamity which your committee apprehend is at hand. Your oommittee, therefore, in retiring from office, earnestly appeal that all olasses, as men and as Christians, will devote their means and services to avert the apprehended danger, and to establish and maintain the Infirmary and Benevolent A By lum in nn increased degree, and thus provide a shelter for the houBelefs, a home for the desti- tute, medioine for the Biok, and comfort for the dying members of the same great human family as themselves, of every nation and oreed. GEELONO INFIRMARY AND BENEVOLENT ASTLUM, Abstract of accounts for the year 1851. January 1st to December 31 st, 1854. Byoash- £ s. d. Balance from 1853. 830 16 9 Government grant maintenance, 1853 317 9 2 Do. do. outfit ... . 33 1 7 Do. do. building ...' ... 256 8 7 Do. do. do. 1854 . 2916 13 4 Do. do. maintenance ... 2000 0 0 Do, do. poundage fees ... 140 0 0 Do. do. police fines . 3564 0 7 Annual subscriptions . 885 9 6 Donations . 209 9 2 Do., building . 647 0 3 Faying patients . 244 4 3 Other patients . 1S9 17 11 Account overdrawn . - ... 257 1 11 £12,481 13 0 January 1st, 1855.-Amount of exoessot Expenditure over Income . £257 111 * DISnOBSEMENTB, January 1st to December 31st, 1851. By Cash paid- £ s. d. Buildings, 1853 :. 290 12 6 Erecting covered platform, io. ... 122 15 o Water tank .; ... 130 0 0 Draining and cesspools. ... 270 2 1 Whitewashing and repairs . 273 15 9 Fencing .,. 37619 8 On account, wing buildings. 4002 0 0 OutatoftUelnstituttaq ,". ," ff. 1? li General expenditure- £. B. ('« Sundry accounts. 259 12 3J Bread . 768 4 2 Meat. 722 0 2 Milk. 199 5 6 Water. 122 1 6 Potatoes . 293 15 4 Grooeries, Ao. 072 0 71 Wines and spirits. .... 203 14 4 Firewood ... . 681 ? 0 Medidnos, Ac. . 123 0 1 Salaries, Ao.. 1412 3 7i Insuranoe . l8 15 0 Funerals . 350 10 0 Interest on account overdrawn 1 14 2 £12,4ál 13 0! Examined and found correot. ««»««.{AS sr}Auditora Siencd, JOHN S. Hiu., Treasurer. 25 th January, 1855. A series of resolutions followed tho reading of the report; and strong appeals wero made to the Christian feelings of the community to save so noble an institution from ruin. There still continues to be a considerable demand for labor of different kinds, moro par- ticularly for agricultural servants, and that description of laborers usually emplo} ed in tho formotion of roads and lines of railway. With- in the lost fortnight or so one road-contractor alone advertised for seven hundred such men, at wages varying from eight to eleven shillings per day. The wages of mcc'mnics have not increased, but rather had a downward ten- dency ; and tho demand and rate of wages for good female domestics continito as high as before. In alluding to the state of the agricultural dis- tricts, there ia but little at this time of the year to notice, if I except tho barren and burnt ap- pearance of every district not sheltered by forests,- or supplied with moisture by morasses. The weather, since tho commencement of the prorent year has been hot and arid' in the ex- treme ; and tho consequence has been the general spread of thoso peculiar coufihgrations known here as bush-fires. In many instances these devastating visitations have lett the couiv try over which they have passed a blackened waste for twenty, thirty, and even forty miles and havo in their fiery course swept away huts houses, stucke, fences, and even destroyed- large numbera of sheep, cattle, and horses. The greater part of these fires have their origin in tho carelessness of the thousands of peo pie who oro continually travelling through the country;- and who, after tho purposes for which their fire was lighted no longer exist' take their departure on their day's journey with' out seeing that they have thoroughly extin guiahed it. Aa the eua rises, in the summer aea eon, the winds generally gradually-increase in strength ; and the grass, and decayed leaves and bark, with whioll the face of the country "is co- vered, become dry and very inflammable. Unless theso night fires then be carefully put out, the rising wind gradually blows them into activity, and the firat spark may start a fire i.liich, before night, may lay waste many hundred square milos of country. So muoh mischief may bo caused by theso fireB, that the Legislature havo found it ne- cessary to introduce a mensuro relative to the burning of grass or stubble ; but when wo consi- der tho ruin that may attend many pri- vate individuals, and the general loss to the colony, coupled with'the facility with which any prowling vagabond may by such a course wreak his vengeance on somo ono against whom he may havo ill-will, it muat bo admitted that the net of the Legislature ia not sufficiently strin- gent. The effects of the Orea of tills Benson nro already, in many instances, exhibiting themselvca in the reduced carcasses of the stock- some sta- tions havo been so completely awopt by the fire, that out of ten or twenty thousand acres, not à hundred acres of grass remuin. Since about the 20th December until Tuesday last, when wo had a slight thunder- shower, we have not had in Geelong a singlo shower of rain that has laid tho dust ; day after day the sun has traversed a cloudless 8ky, darting down, his rays with suffi- cient power to raise the thermometer, when ex- posed to their direct influence to points varvine from 120° to 156». Towards the end of January^ the thermometer for three Buccessivo days exhibited in the shade various degrees of temperature, according to position ranging from 90° degreea to 125°.' Several people havo sufierod severely from such a continuanco of this oppres- sive weather; and'it is only strange that so fow have fallon victims to its influence. Sun strokes have been particularly common this sea- son in some of the neighboring colonies, and many people have been, carried off by the excès sive heat. Such, I> am glad to aay, ia not known to have boen the case hero ; nlthough we have not been altogether free from disease, produced by tho almost insupportable heat. Besides the losses sustained throughout the agricultural and pastoral districts from burning up of grass, &c;, there is yet another and moro se vere visitation attending the present and simi- lar dry seasons. Many of the smaller creeks and water-courses, which in ordinary seasons contain a sufficient supply of water to last throughout the year, have become completely dried up, there not having been sufficient: rain last winter to set them running, and thus replenish the previous year's consumption and evaporation. From this cause many stations nro totally, but temporarily deserted, tho stock being removed to tho neigh- borhood of a supply of water. While speaking of the rural districts, it will not bo out of place to notice a vigorous attempt, successfully made by a number of agriculturists, to form what ia termed the " Geelong and AVes tcrn District Agricultural and Horticultural Society," an institution the want of which has long retarded tho farming and horticultural interest in a country like this,whoro the general system of farming consists in extracting the fatness of tho land at the least expense, without making the slightest provision for future years. The objects of this society aro the promotion of the theory and practico of agriculture and horticulture; and the collection and dissemina- tion of new and important facts, having reference to tho capabilities and cultivation o? tho soil ; tho theory of crops and general management of agricultural oporations; the improvement in the breed of stock, and treatment of their disorders and the gradual perfection of the various opera- tions and implements of husbandry by the dis- tribution of prizes, and by affording facilities for agricultural and horticultural exhibition. Upwards of thirty gentlemen haye enrolled their names as members, the annual subscrip- tion being two guineas, with an entrance-fee for each member, after the first six months of the society's existence, of one guinea. Office bearers were appointed, H. S. Wills, Esq., one of the members for Grant, being the first presi- dent. The potato crop has, m general, proved a I failure this season, owing to tho dry and hot weather. Good potatoes aro now selling at £20 and £22 per ton. Fruit has been tolerably abundant, but the crop has not been charac terised by any peculiar quality of richness or flavor. The grapo crop promises to bo the best fruit crop of tlio season, and some very fine sam- ples indeed havo been sent into toivn from the extensive vineyards on the Barrabool Hills. This district holda out every promise of being one day a great vine-growing country. The following are the retail prices of the fruit and vegetable markets : cabbages, Gd.an 19a,each ; lettuces, none ; cauliflowera, none ; green peas, none ; French beans, Is. per lb. ; onions, dried, Od. to 9d. per lb. ; turnips, 6d. per bunch ; car- rots, Cd. per do.;, rhubarb, la. Od. per dozen Btalks ; cucumbers, Is. to Is. Gd. each ; rock melons, Is. to 4s. each ; water melons, Od. to Is. 6d. each ; pumpkins, 2s. to ïs. each ¡tomatoes, Is. fid. per lb. ; oranges, Od. each ; lemons, Od. do. j apples, Is. to Is. Od. per lb. i peachca, 4d. to Od. eaoh ; necta- rines, 3s. a dozen ; apricots, none ; plums, Is. Gd. per lb. ; damsons, Is. per lb. j grapes, Is. to Is. 6d. per lb. The fiah market has been well supplied during the season, but prices have not lallen much. The following aro the quotations :-Largo schnapper, 2s. Od. to 7s. 6d. each ; flatheads, 4s. to 8s. a dozen ; whiting, 4s. to 8s a dozen ; rock cod, 9d to 1B. eaoh ; flounders, la. to 2s. per pair ; garfish, 2s. to 3a. per dozen ; salmon (a small fish), 9d. to Is. each ; mullet, 2a. to 4a. per dozen ; pike, Is. to 3s. each ; small salmon trout, Is. 6d per dozen ; bream, 2s. to 5s. each ; black fish, 5s. to 8s. per dozen, according to sizo ; eels, Is. to Is. 3d. per lb. ; oysters, in shell, 2s. to 2s. Cd. per dozen. _^^^__^^___ 