SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FitoM ouït own connESi'onnKNT.) February 5th, 1855. Tlio Madras arrived at this port" on tlio even- ing of Friday, the 2nd inst., and left on the fol- lowing afternoon. Tho flying visit which Sir Charles FitzRoy made to the colony over which he has had for the last four years the untxerciacd authority of Governor-General, was not suffici- ently long for him to obtain a favorable impres- sion of the province. He could only see the , barren port rond, and the irregular and dusty town of Adelaide, aiid contrasting' our port and city with those of Sydney nnd Melbourne, ho must líave thought thom very inferior. To see South Australia to advantage, one must lenve tlio town, upon which we have not ex- pended nearly so much labor or capital as upon the country districts. As a proof of this, I may mention that the assessment or the vnluo of country property was nearly double tlint of city property this last year, and the country assess- ments are particularly moderate. Wo were fortunato, however, in the weather for flic visit of our ex-Govcrnor- Goncrul, for it vns cool mid pleasant. Mr. Finnis j, our acting Governor, received Sir Charles ¡md suite at the deserted Government House, with as much hos- pitality as circumstances would admit ol'. Since I wrote last, we, in common with nil the Australian colonies, have been visited with a degree of heat altogether unprecedented in the written unnals of South Auslrulin. For six days and nights wo liai hot winds ; tho heal reached its climnv on Sunda)', the 28tii, when the thor ! momcter in tlio coolest locality (Ihe reed beds) in 1 the slindo, on a spot where the sun never shone, I reached 1 D8 °. It was never known to be above 102 before on that spot. In the sun the ther i momcter varied from 130 ° to 110 °. Apples I vero literally roasted through and through upon the trees by the bushel, omi much of the irait suffered greatly. The only time which'we recollect ns at all parallel to this, occurred in 1817, when tho heat was longer in continuance, though not so intonso. It tiien lasted ten days, and as the Murray scrub was on fire, no comfort was found oven in a south wind till the fire was burnt out, But the weather ihen was fully moro unpleasant and unhealthy thnn it was this year, for it was close, muggy, and smoky: lately it was clear, though scorching; and where people did not expose thorcsclvos to the sun. they suffered wonderfully little. Many ibnths, however, have been occasioned by sun-stroke, and a considerable amount of ill- ness followed the chango of weather from intense lient to what we felt to be piercing cold within thirty hours. A most lamentable occurrence hnppcncd on the hot Sunday, on a dray going to the Burra. A poor woman, who had only boon a week married, was found dead on the dray after complaining a little foran hour or two pro vioup. A child of five months also died on the same dray, mid another woman remains in a pro- curions state, having given premature birth to a b1 ill-born child. The coroner's inquest accompa- nied its verdict with a recommendation to the Burra Barra Company to send people up to tho mine in covered drays for the future. Upon the whole, this summer lins consisted of several very hítense heats, varied by tolerably long tract3 of moderate weather, without any rain worth mentioning; so that tho average heat has not been great, though the changes have been violent, rapid, nnd trying. Several extensive bush-fires have raged all round Adelaide. The most mischievous appears to have been in the Enconntor Bay district, where it continued fur two days, and destroyed several thousand pounds' worth ol' property in wheat, pardens, fencing, and live stock: but no human lives were lost, though great risks were ruu. By the Madras we hove transmitted the sum of money collected hore for the Wur Rolief'Fund, in three bills of £2000 each, through the three colonial bunks. The vexed question of the Cathedral acre in A'ictorin-squarc is about to be tried by law. The Bishop U going to have it fenced in, leaving it to the Corporation, should they object to his claim, either to remove the fence when ciected, or to proceed ngxinst him for trespa:>. His Lordship f:ns no wish f o make nn illegal clunn, but as truï tce lie feels bound to maintain the legality of the grant from the Crown, and .accordingly purposes in this, mininer to bring the issue to a legal cecision.. . í . if-- ' The'nn cr is'.noircompletely fe-.iked out of.'-tho Burra mine., an t is ut present ia full'working order. The Surveyor-Gonetnl and Messrs. Boonoy and Hero have been appointed commissioners for the Gawler Town Railway. Mr. AuguMu» Scott Mat win, lately clerk in tHo Resident Magistrate's Court, and formerly clerk ia the Escort und Bullion Office, lias been fully com- mitted for trial on the tiravo charge of embez- zling a gold ingot, value forty pounds, which w.v» the property ol a man named Frederic Burt, and hal been nisnycl and stamped in the olfijo while Mr. Mutunii was clerk there. The mo3t suspicious part of the case is that Mr. Maturia Bold nu ingot of tho fame weight and description, about the time this was missing to one of the banks. The revenue returns show a considerable in- crease-in the year 1851 as compared with 183'i, but a falling off lor tho last quarior, Tlio total revemiB for the your {both 1»-,,J fund and general rcvcn.no) Iu>° h0ott 700,000/ bein-* <v_ --""¡"ga 0f ißij(250/. upon that of'lS5"i'. , Tho expenditure has been 450,812, omitting the 114,000t. grant in aid from tho land fuaiL I The Customs receipts show n decrease ol j 10,023/. for the last quarter, and the Post Oiftjo receipts a decrease of 808/. for the same quarter. The cash deposited In the various banks in the colony amounts to 1,381,008/. 7s. 8il., which, divided amongst a population of 85,000, gives an average of 10/. 5s. 7id. per- hoad. Tlio amount of bills under discount, and of the other liabilities of the colonisto lo the banks, is nbout 690,000/. Fine flour, which rose to 37/. and 38/. on tau news of the great rise in Melbourne, has subside i to 35/. Wheat 14s. Cd. to 15s. per bushel. Hay has receded tlightly, and is now worth from 9/. toll/, per ton impressed. Oats are plentiful at 7e. to 8s. per bushel of 401bs. Potatoes liavo lallen from 45s. to 25s. por cwt., as people could not afford to oat thom at the former figure, n:id growora were obliged to increase the demand by lowering the price. Fruit is cheap and abun- dant. Timber has fallen greatly in price, and building generally can bo done much cheap sr than it could six months ago, as wages haye fallen yo per cent, 