LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. PREVENTION OF BUSH-FIRES. At this season of the year it may be useful to republish the provisions of an act passed in February, 1854, entitled " An Act to Restrain the Careless Use of Fire." We direct the attention of new arrivals es pecially to the penalties the act imposes upon carelessness in this respect: Clause I. Provides that if any person shall ignite in the open air any inflamable material for any purpose whatsoever within two yards of any growing crops of corn or hay, or any stubble-field, within ten yards of any stack of hay or corn during the months of November, December, January, or February, or if any person shallignite any inflamable. material in the open air whereby tlie property of any other person shall ;.be inj ured or; destroyed or shall leave any .fire in the open ail* unex tinguished, lie shall forfeit a sum not ex ceeding- the sum of fifty pounds, or be im prisoned, with or without hard labor, for any period not exceeding .six months: Provided that it shall be lawful for any occupiers of land to burn grass or stubble, or ignite inflamable material, after he shall have cleared a space around such material, not less than fifteen .'feet in breadth, and. after he shall have given written notice - of iliis.intention, .twenty-fpiu-. hours. r before 'liandj ^to' all occupiers of contiguOus^'land: • Provided,;also; > that"! occupiers i of v.waste' lauds may,'between' two■and ninevo'clock : p.m;j burn; grass and herbage/, after a.like' notice in .writing1. Clause II. If -after/ such - notice such1 other occupiers •sliall ' fail ;to clear a- space . of fifteen feet on their, .side of a i dividing fence, any damage: resulting from ' such: neglect to; be made good by: the- person so 'neglecting to -clear liis land, and-.in - the .event of refusal the amount sto bef recover ed summarily before • two justices of the Peace. \- Clause III. Offenders against any'of the sp'rovisions of the act may be- apprehended .without a warrant, and delivered! mtovcus- ■ tody of a constable. ■ Clause IY. 'Any person.vliable to be ap- ■ ;prehended; under this •••> act •<»obstructing another in the execution of any.;of . its pro- ; | visions, to be held guilty ofVaimisdemean or, and [liable ;to:; imprisonment.] fort' six-1 i -months, with or withoutihard'labor. ■• Clause. Y-.v Proceedings!;under rthis :ac-: not to interfere with the right- of; any. pert ; son to sue for compensation for damage by-fire ! .■■■; Clause. YI.■•.■All penalties 'recoverable '.be fore . one. or more! justices, and alLprocee dings ■ summary• .ino proceeding- .to be quashed for want i of ^formality,-and no ap peal to supreme Court.'. • ' " ' 'i. Clause VJJ. Any. person adjuclg-ed to pay. a penalty; of ten pounds andmipwards may appeal to tlie General Sessions/ and conviction may thereon be .1 suspended in case the person appealing- shall, enter, into ;■ sureties: to prosecute the • appeal >vitlv effect and to ihe forthcoming to abide>the >deter~ J mination of the court, which shall be final' between the parties. /■ Clause VIII. All fines and penalties not specially, appropriated to■. a'o;■. on -to1 the I 'general >'eyenue;—. Arqtts. Bewahe of Snakes.—This-is the season of the year in which ; snakes are most active and dangerous. Many persons are" now engaged inthe work of. the liar vest and otherwise employed' in the bush, who probably never saw a snake and who •'ore ignorant of the .danger they incur. Such persons should vbe warned to be on . .their guard, as snakes often make their ap pearance at; times and in places where.they are least supposed to be found. : It is only a week or two .since it was reported in the papers from the westward that'a ihan had? been bitten by a snake while, reaping,'- and. that death had ensued from the effects of the bite. Some snakes are more venomous • than others, but they are all more or less | dangerous, ancl none of them ought to be trifled with. Should any one'be so.unfor-, I tunate as to receive a snake bite, tho .part, of the body between the ' bitten and the,, heart sliould.be instantly and tig'litly. ban-,, daged, ' before ,'the venom has time...to; circulate throug-h 'the system.'The part,5 bitten should then be freely scarified, and>. the wound strongly sucked till the".whole venom is extracted. There need be no fear in performing* this, operation, unless ;the skin of the . mouth or lips of the .per-, 'son.' sucking" lie broken, as . the poison ofj the snake is quite harmless-if not intro- " :duced into the circulation. But if no one be at hand possessed of sufficient fortitude: ;to suck the wound, the bowl of a common tobacco pipe applied to thepart and drawn. at the shank ill serve the purpose tll ^medical:-faid ' can. be." obtained. ; After this, operation' lime or wood ashes or other '.vegetable mould should be applied to the wound, and a. poultice of marshmallows, linseed, or oatmeal afterwards put on.- If' the above remedy be quickly adopted after - the bite is inflicted, there need be no more, loss of life from snake bites; but? all de pends upon promptitude, for, if once the; .veriom circulates in the blood the most se- rious consequences may result. 