MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. New Insolvents. — Brynut Hunt, of Sh erwin' Waterholes, Yan. Yean : liabilities, 29-ii'. 7s., assetss 60/. ; cause of insolvency, inability to meet an exe eution creditor, William Say Freed, merchant, Melbourne , debts, 3976/. 10d., assets, 2740/; causes of insolvency; losses in trade aud pressure of creditors. Thouui: Alfred Dixon, merchant, Melbourne : debts, 8389/. 13s 2d; assets, 93/ ISs. Insolvent attributes his jn-escnt position to the failure of a former partner, Charles C. Fentuni, for whose joint debt insolvent was responsible. Tun Election ot' Dk. Owens. — It has been ex ceedingly amusing to notice the various rumors current with respect to the intentions of Dr Owena in reference to taking his seat in the Legislative Assembly. A considerable number of persons had obtained clues to authentic information, and they were enabled 'posi- tively to state,' &c.; As Dr Owens was tho only mem ber who had not taken his seat, and us the question about his ex post facia qualification has caused consi derabla interest, the quid Mimes drew largely upon their inventive faculties, for the purpose of being re garded as persons in the secret. Ouo day Dr Owons is going to resign, — another, he will positively not take his seat at present, — a third, lie will resign for the purpose of being re-elected. All the guesses are simply absurd and unfounded, and we are now reliably in formed tha:) Dr Owens was to take his seat yesterday afternoon. By this lime, therefore, the chosen of the Loddon electors is in the position in which ho ought to e in the Legislative Assembly of the colony, and the opular voice is something more than a more meaning ess sound. Indeed, had Dr Owens not taken his seat, the moral result of it would not have been lost, for the whole circumstances attending his election would have constituted the strongest possible argument against the property qualification — that absurd barrier which shut3 out men from the Legislature whom the electors wish to choose. As our information may be presumed to be pretty correct, seeing that we were in a position to pre dict the result several days since, we congratulate tho electors on the return of the honorable member, and this district upon the acquisition of a staunch friend in the Legislature. It is gratifying ta know that tlio scandalous attempt that was made to thwart tha move ment for qualifying Dr Owens has ignominiously failed as it deserved. Psssiby we shall seo those who had the malignity to deal insidious blows at tho movement, among the first to overwhelm the member for the Lod don with their congratulations, and to indulge in ful some praise. Such is human nature! — Bendigo Ad vertiser. Fatal Accident. — A melancholy accident occurred yesterday, at Brace's Quartz Crushing Machine, on Ben- digo. Whilsta man namedSIat was engaged in crossing the belt of one of the drums, he got entangled in the machinery, one of his legs was fearfully smashed, and he received other injuries that resulted in almost instant death. — Courier. STRAWBERRIES.—Some monster fruit of this des- cription was yesterday exhibited in Mr Clarkson's, of the kind known as the ' Victoria Hautboy.' Several of the berries were as large as walnuts, and of delicious flavor. They were from the gardens of Mr Williams, Kensington. —Geeloug Advertiser. THE BARRABOOL HILLS CEMETERY.—The trustees of the above burial ground, wishing to secure the fence of the Cemetery from bush-fires, have insured it in tho Northern Insurance Company for the sum of 200l. This proceeding is a novel one, but might be adopted with advantage by other public bodies. —Geelong Ad- vertiser. IMPROVEMENTS. —It is truly astonishing to notice the rapid improvement which is daily taking place through out the town. It is impossible to walk twenty yards without falling in with a new building, or alterations and extensions. The Bank of New South Wales is ap proaching completion ; the roof of the Hospital lias begun to rear itself ; the two new breweries are in active opera tion ; a new saw-mill is in course of construction ; the Eldorado Hotel is assuming a new and very handsome face ; the stables of the Star are being doubled in extent, aud will form together a tremendous building ; the Catholic Chapel is approaching completion ; Scott and Morris's brick store is nearly finished ; Mr J. 0. Gray is fitting up in Camp street a large drapery establishment (in addition to his premises in Ford street), which will rank as one of the handsomest — if not the handsomest — shop3 in the town. But it would occupy a colnmn to detail the numerous instances of improvement which are daily taking place in this wonderful little town. ? Ovens Constitution. FASHIONABLE ARRIVALS. —Within the last week, at the lowest calculition, eight hundred Chinese have arrived from Bendigo, the van .of a large army now mustering in Melbourne. On the roadto tho Buckland, which is their general goal, string succeeding string, marcliing in Indian file, of these interesting exotics, with, in many instances, a mounted ' boss' heading the 'polers;' and their continual jabber, rivalling tho wayside cockatoos, have caused quite a sensation among the few inhabitants, who take it as an undoubted evi dence of a sudden change in the weather that the 'locusts' swarm so numerously in the month of Novem ber. — Ovens Constitution. LECTURE BY THE REV. J. BALLANTYNE. —It will be seen from our advertising columns that the second of a fortnightly series of lectures on the Bible will be de livered to-morro ,v evening by the ltev. Jns. Ballantyne, in his own church, Lonsdale street, opposite the Hos pital. Subject: 'The Bible, the Zcndavista, and the Koran compared.' WAR RELIEF FUND. —The Dunolly subscription of G3/. -Is., towards the 'War Relief Fund,' was on Fri day paid into the military client by the trustees, for remittance per Blackwall. Teachers' Association. — We perceive by our adver tising columns that a meeting is to be held to-day in the Mechanics' Institute, for tho purpose of forming a general association of the profession of teachers. Y/o are glad to perceive that a movement of this kind in in progress. The opinions of a body of practical men ought to be of some value in the settlement of the edu cational question, and we know of no way by which they can be so well expressed as through a general association. There are, tesides, many questions closely affecting the interests of teachers which cannot be dealt with effectually in any other -way. We wish their pre sent movement every success. Lonsiule \Vam-. — Tho vacancy created in the City Council by the elevation of Mr Councillor Gallagher to the aldermnic chair, is now becoming an object of atten tion on the part of those anxious to obtain municipal honors. We see that Mr John Bourkc, of the Western Fort Hotel, in compliance with a numerously signed r--' quisition, has consented to be put in nomination for Lonsdale Ward. Mr Bourko is an old respected resi dent, and his chances of success are at least equal to those who may be his competitors. CitEJionsE.-- There is to be a superlatively gram gala at Cremorne, this evening, for tho especial behoof of juveniles. At six the gates are to open, at half-past the band will introduce a variety of now music, at seven there will be daucing in the Rotunda, at eight Madame Dallecasse will perform on the tight-rope, at quarter ]Mst Mons. Lalanno will give the pas grotesque, at half past the Pantheon will open, free to all below fourteen years of age, being the last appearance of Mr and Mrs Craven in their musical burlettas ; at half-past nine Madame Dallecasse will cross the lake, and execute soveral evolutions in so doing, and at ten Vesuvius will be in a state of eruption. Parents and their little charges should not neglect the opportunity. Insolvent Court. —Meetings for this day (Saturday) : In re F. Q. Matthews, special meeting, at 10 o'clock ; Thomas Kelly, do, at 11 o'clock. Industrial Society's Exhibition. — The display of colonial arts, manufactures and produce at the Exhibi tion Building will continue to be held throughout this day. 