PREVENTION OF BUSH-FIRES At this season of the year it may be useful to republish the provisions of an act passed in February 1854 entitled '"An Act to Re- strain the Careless Use of fire." We direct the attention of new arrivals especially to the penalties the act imposes upon carelessness in this respect - Clause I. Provides that if any person shall ignite in the open air any inflammable ma- terial for any purpose whatsoever within two yards of any growing crops of corn 0r hay or any stubble-field within ten yards of any stack of hay or corn during the months of November, December, January, or February, or if any person shall ignite any inflammable material in the open air whereby the property of any other person shall be injured or destroyed, or shall leave any fire in the open air unextinguished, he shall for- feit a sum not exceeding fifty pounds, or be Imprisoned, with or without hard labor for any period not exceeding six months : Pro vided that it shall be lawful for any occupiers of land to burn grass or stubble or ignite inflammable material, after he shall have cleared a space round such material, not less than fifteen feet in breadth, and after he shall have given written notice of his intention twenty-four hours beforehand to all occupiers of contiguous land : Provided, also, that occupiers of waste lands may, between two and nine o'clock p.m. , burn grass and herbage, after a like notice in writing. Clause II. If after such notice such other occupiers shall fail to clear a space of fifteen feet on their side of a dividing fence, any damage resulting from such neglect to be made good by the person so neglecting to clear his land, and in the event of refusal the amount to be recovered summarily before two justices of the peace. Clause III. Offenders against any of the pro- visions of the act may be apprehended with- out a warrant and delivered into custody of a constable. Clause IV. Any person liable to be appre- hended under their act obstructing another in the execution of any of its provisions, to be held guilty of a misdemeanor, and liable to imprisonment for six months, with or with- out hard labor. Clause V. Proceedings under this act not to interfere with the right of any person to sue for compensation for damage by fire. Clause VI. All penalties recoverable before one or more justices, and all proceedings sum- mary ; no proceeding to be quashed for want of formality and no appeal to Supreme Court. Clause VII. Any person adjudged to pay a penalty of ten pounds and upwards may appeal to the General Sessions, and conviction may thereon be suspended in case the person ap- pealing shall enter into sureties to prosecute the appeal with effect and to be forthcoming to abide the determination of the court ,which shall be final between the parties. Clause VIII. All fines and penalties not specially appropriated to go to the general revenue. 