YORK. (From our own Correspondent) Last week was one marked by the number of ac cidents which occurred; the most melancholy was the death of Mr Bailey, of Waterhatch; he had been some time at Perth, and was on his way home, by some means his gig was overturned in a gulley near Mr Quarterman's house, and when the deceased was found he was entangled between the gig and the horse's hind feet, the kicks from which on the head and breast, must have proved almost instantaneously fatal. He was buried on the 16th; the attendance at the funeral was most respectable; he was one of our oldest settlers. Some men in the employment of S. Burges, Esq., who were sinking a well got hurt by an explosion of gunpowder, but not danger onsly; tbe report first was that both were killed. Mr. E. Knott had his granary, containing a large quantity of thrashed wheat, burned down, much of the wheat was destroyed, besides several boxes con taining valuable articles, and also a number of farm ing implements. The fire came from the bush, and could not have been carefully watched, or it never could have reached the house. The bush-fires have also devoured almost every particle of food for cat- tle in the whole York, district. Mr Burges' sheep runs are the last I have heard of being left bare of anything but the trees. Mr Knott's dwelling-house was with difficulty saved, and Mr Horton's' also had for the second time this season a very narrow es- cape. This season, so far, is hotter than any previous one in the memory of the oldest settler; the only parallel I have heard mentioned is 1842, the sum mer during which the great comet was seen; cer tainly, during no preceding summer, have we had such extensive fires; on one day, in particular, the 11th instant, the whole country was enveloped in smoke so dense that one could not see 100 yards in any direction. Some short time ago Mr F. Gregory treated us to a lecture on Chemistry, as connected with agricul- ture. After speaking of the formation of soils in general, and their various powers of fertility, de- pendant upon the greater or less quantity of certain chemical substances or properties contained in each, he alluded to the soils of this colony, and in parti cular those of York and the surrounding districts, and he expressed an opinion that in some cases lime and in others guano would be the most suitable ma- nures for these lands, they being chiefly formed of the decomposition of granite. He then read the re- sults of experiments that had been made on various soils, with suitable manures, showing that much more crop can be raised by a careful attention to the chemical nature of the soil than can be under ordi- nary treatment. Had it been possible for the learn- ed lecturer, in a treatise of the kind to have substi- tuted more popular language for the great number of technical terms necessarily used, his address might be considered one of the best we have been favored with. On Monday the 19th the first Horticultural Show was held at the Schoolroom; the fruit exhibited by no means justified the opinion of some, that it would not be worth showing; much of it was equal to any show-fruit in the colony. One water-melon, exhi bited by Serjeant Bailey, weighed 37 lbs. I subjoin a list of the various prizes awarded : — 1£ best assorted grapes (12 lbs) Mr Cowan. 15s, second best do., (12 lbs) Mr Parker, sen. 10s best dish nectarines, Mr W. Parker. 10s, do. do. peaches, Mr Cowan. 10s, do. do. apples, Mr John Taylor. 10s, do. do. pears, Mr Cowan. 10s, do. do. plums, Mr Parker, sen. 7s 6d, do. rock melon, Mr Barnie. 5s, best water-melon, Serjeant Bailey. 3s 6d, second best do., Mr Herbert. Ss, best pumpkin. Mr Herbert. 5s, best cucumber, Stevens, gardener to Mr Mon- ger. Prizes for figs and Zante currants not awarded. Grapes and pears remarkably fine, nectarines and apples fine; fruit sold, and a large part of the pro- ceeds were given to the Society. Prizes also to the value of £2 17 6d were returned to the society. This beginning, though small, is encouraging and is a proof that the district can produce good fruit. This summer, with all its terrors of hot weather, hot winds, and fires, has not left us quite without a little, and while it might have been better, is by no means to be despised — a judicious choice of sites for gar- dens would be a great step towards the development of the fruit-growing powers of the York district. It may be interesting to many in the district to know that the Rev. James Brown has been appoint- ed surrogate for granting marriage licenses; the ap pointment is, however, very recent, several applica- tions for licenses having been made some time ago, and the rev. gentleman had not then the power of granting them. The Rev. E. Martelli, Roman Catholic chaplain, is now in York, and I understand is likely to be per manently fixed here, it being long in contemplation by the members of that persuasion to erect a chapel and endow a clergyman. I am happy to state that we have not heard any thing in York of the destruction, by fire, of the pro- perty of our respected neighbour Mr J. Sewell, jun. we conclude, therefore, that the report must have arisen from something else. The statement appear- ed in the Gazette of Friday last February 23, 1856. — 