OUR PAST AND PRESENT, -j VVHEJT tbe news of gold being ia oar soil was first noised abroad, society became convulsed «od {evered; aU classes participating, more or less, in îthe novel excitement iThe search for the precious metal too, st -first, -.was more generally and immediately suc cessful, -Hand by t-consetjoence more absorbing. .But "as time-wore away, and the rieb, and almost superficial deposits first hit upon were exhausted ; while population 'flowed in with, a width and. velocity of current unpre . cedentëd, mining gradually assumed a more regular and organised pursuit, until it has grown to be an interest perhaps tbe most immediately import ant interest of tbe country. Con sentaneously with, these social vibra tions and transitions, localities- under went rapid and remarkable meta morphoses; their scenic features becoming, in the course of a few months, so totally changed as to be, with difficulty, recognised by those who had previously been most familiar therewith. By the operations of tbe miner, and tbe attrition of the elements, hills be came lowered and valleys elevated. Dense forests that had for interminable ages waved in tbe breeze, were cleared away ; and long stretches of verdant pasture become buried beneath the up-turned earths. Water-courses were unceremoniously ousted from their im memorial beds, and sent to find the best way of escape they could. The lord of the creation played what pranks be pleased with earth, and forest, and river, in his search after the valuable ore ; and it may not be altogether misspent time if we endeavour to trace some of these changes and conse quences as developed in the Bal larat of the past, and the Ballarat of .the present. There is even a romance in the 1ns -tory of our gold-fields, which may yet be evolved by some future Scott or Cooper, who also will have to gather their materials from the rough records of our times, as they weave them into forms of interest and beauty. Go we back some five years when grass was yet smooth and unworn by tbe margin of the- serpentine Yarrowee, as it noiselessly meandered close underneath the lofty forest-clothed heights, or winded its course thence farther into -the verdant valley, where the flocks of the squatter luxuriated in its rich her bage, and drank of the unstained wa ters of the stream that helped to beau tify and fertilise the landscape. A vast forest filled the vision wherever -the eye roamed. No sounds were heard save the bleating of the shep herd's flocks, or the sharp quick bark of his dogs, as they coursed hither and thither, to collect the straggling sheep, or to marshal them for the homeward track at sundown ; save the voices of the forest birds, or the bound of the kangaroo, or the nm of the climbing oppossum, or the universal clatter of the aboriginal bird of the domain, as he strolled along the valley or climbed the .jsteep range iii tjujc^ of A/vnl, ol iiict Irin fellows around the fire and mi mi, or joined the din of war dance and the corroboree. When night feR, all sounds but these were hushed ; and as they gradually, one by one, died I away, all was ¿lent, save when the ear caught the ripple of the rivu let as it murmured over rock, or boulder, or prostrate ?trunk : or the sough of the wind through the tall trees, sighing over the endangered so litude. The darkness was illuminated by no gleams of light other than those from the moon, or the stars, or the ?flickering uncurtained blaze of tbe wild man's bush-fire. It was a scene in those times of more than pastoral quiet and seclusion ; it was a wild solitude teem ing with the wealth which affluent na ture had bestowed, and, as it then seemed, in vain : for there were then no "gathering men" to " form a pub lic" and discover and develop those treasures of visible and invisible wealth which-in the long series of years or ages, in the unrecorded and unknown past- had been accumulating on every hand. But there was a wondrous change impending. The wind blew coldly and wildly, and the drifting sleet was driven upon its wings one gloomy day in the August of 1851, giving to the scene a sombre and repulsive aspect. The sheep huddled closely together in the low ground, where the jutting head land, now called the Golden Point, broke the fierceness of the wintry storm as it rushed along the valley, and did battle with the old denizens of the forest, whether in the vale or in the hills around. The shepherd wrap ped his coat more closely around him} and his dog leaned his head moodily to the blast while he kept watch. The birds had all gone to their ?coverts, and the animals of the forest to their hiding places. The native had ensconced himself in his " mi-mia" and his boomerang, and spear, and waddy lay useless by his side. The still waters of the stream had become troubled; and, increased in volume, the turbid flood sped along with a rush and roar in unison with tie turbulent winds of heaven. Amid this war of the winds and concussion of the elements, might be Been two or three men wending their weary way, wet, cold, hungry, and al most exhausted -with -fatigue and ex citement, along tbe nigher ground of the range which ended near the banks of the stream, and formed the penin sular headland before mentioned. These travel-worn men who had left their homes in tbe old world to seek a wider arena and finer scope for the exercise of their energies in the new land, had heard of the golden wonders of California ; and rumors had reached them that, in the vast unexplored country they had themselves adopted, there lay "hidden the .same glittering -ore, and similar, or perchance even more wondrous success would here crown with sudden affluence and inde pendence the patient inquisition of adventurous and persevering search. Inspired by ûàs hope they bad left the rude townships on the coast, and committed themselves to the dangers and privations of-«KTjloration in &e; unmapped and roadless, and almost trackless 'basil. Furnishing their dray with a» many provisions as they couM travel with, tiley started -forth in quest of gold. :Jjfc was sot a moth they believed in.-Not in the " baseless fabric of a vision" had they founded their hopes of success. It was. not even a bare probability. God. had given to the land gold. Esmond, who had earned a name thereby, had found gold near the Clunes, and exhibited it. True it was but a speck-an atom ; but it was gold ; and where the little had been, there might be more, found ! Who could tell how much, or how widely spread, or how easily obtained? Who could limit the amount of wealth that a few days or weeks of search might confer upon the adventurers ? j Fortunes, freedom, ease, houses, lauds, | -every earthly good might, in a little j tame, be within their reach ! No i wonder then that, remembering the hard fought battle of lifo, they had 1 escaped from in another hemisphere, yet to which their memories ever re curred with fond affection, as they bethought them of the friends and associations of youth, and of the full ness of supply which met every de mand when wealth urged the appeal-* no wonder, we say, that with these golden hopes, those tempest-beaten men plodded on and on, with a tire less enthusiasm. Yet, though the ardent spirits of the prospectors failed them not, their bodies required repose and refreshment, and shelter. But where shall they obtain these. Their little store of flour and other necessaries was, all but, expended, and no warehouse or shop was there to afford them another supply; or house to give them friendly succor from the inclemency of the weather. The township of Buninyong had been proclaimed, and a hovel or two had been erected there ; but there were no roads, and the all surrounding forest seemed, to the ignorance of the men as- to the actual distance and posi tion of the township, an insuperable barrier to their efforts in that directidb. They knew that a squatter's station lay somewhere in the neighbourhood, and that shepherds' huts were scattered at wide distances in the bush ; but where they were to look for refuge these houseless wanderers knew not. Alone in nature's waste, in one of her roughest moods, the explorers nerved themselves to self-reliance : discover ing that indomitable energy and brave and untiring industry which, developed in their followers, have stripped off the forest, ripped up the surface, dis embowelled tile earth, and brought to light those heaps of golden treasure which have made the austere and almost tenantless solitude of that day, busy and populous, and wealthy ; a garner of plenty, and even luxury, a source of wealth to empires ; and girren to" it a name which is re-echoed in every na tion under Heaven. Now, having permitted our pen to be guided somewhat liberally by fancy, come we to more plain and sober re cital of names, dates, and deeds. (To be continued.J 