TASMANIA. We have Tasmanian papers to the 1st instant. Dr. Hampton (says the Courier) appears to have fled with the pleasant accompaniment of a hulky purse, for previous to leaving Sydney he purchased £5,000 worth of Government debentures. Military. — Major Bradshaw,for some time Brigade-Major in Van Diemen's Land, has been promoted to be Assistant-Deputy- Adju- tant- General on the staff in the Australian command. — Daily News. Conditional Pardon.— The last Gazette contains the names of upwards of 120 indi- viduals to whom conditional pardons have been granted. A New Gold-Field.-— A rumour has been going the round of the city for some days past that a new and prolific gold-field had been struck upon in the neigbourhood of Avoca, by a prospecting party, stimulated by the hope of obtaining the reward offered by the Council for the discovery of a workable gold-field. We cannot, however, trace this statement to any reliable source, and consequently decline vouch- ing for its authenticity.— Daily News. Great Destruction of Fences by Fire. —On Wednesday a bush-fire commenced on the run of Mr. Morrison, of York Plains. It soon caught in a log fence, which burnt furiously, extending to the properties of Mr. John Lord and Mr. Jillett. It was with diffi- culty prevented from destroying the contents of the farm-yard and the residence of the latter. It is stated that upwards of 14 miles of fencing have been burnt on this occasion. A considerable fall has taken place in the Tasmanian flour markets. On the 1st inst. the Cornwall Chronicle reports : — Launceston, March 1. — The harvest being now over the deliveries of grain in town increase dally, so much so that the mills are at full work during the whole 24 hours. The price of wheat as supplies come in has gradually de- clined, and to-day the quotation is given as 8s. 6d. to 9s.; few, however, are willing to buy at the latter figure. Fine flour is quoted as low as £23 per ton, but we believe it can be bought under. Old oats are scarce : we know of none on hand except the cargo per Rory O'More, which are to be offered for sale on Tuesday. New oats remain at about 5s. per bushel. English barley is in de- mand at 8s. to. 9s. per bushel ; Cape is nominal at 5s. to 5s. 6d. Potatoes are on the decline; sales have been made for delivery within the present month at £5 per ton. 