IRON v. WOOD FOB BRIDGES IN VICTORIA. To the Editor of the Argus. Sir,-I am greatly afraid that your alpha- betical correspondent ia not a close reasouor : ho has taken the part of colonial wood, and, instead of sticking closely to the point, he has rambled off to questions connected with " the battle in Civil Engineering," without even mentioning in his letter the name of his client. He has.in reply to my charges, stated, in point of fact, that "wood" ia " not guilty." I have suppoited my accusations with a crowd of witnesses able and competent to give a reliable opinion, and they all unite in dedar- ing that the defendant is positively and deci- dedly " guilty" of being a moBt dangerous and unsuitable material for bridge building, If defendant's counsel (engineering); has any witnesses, let him bring them forward, and I will cro3s-esamine them ; if not, I claim the vi'rdict. "K. Y. B. A." said, in his first letter, that colo- nial timber is an excellent thing for building budgeB. I reply, that experience seems to say the oontrary; because the bridges .named are not built of it, but of Borne foreign tim- ber; and, so far as sustaining mypoBition.lt matters not whether the timber of whtoh those bridges are built is Baltic, American, or New Zealand, BO that It is not Australian. Again he says, that it (iron-bark) " is as good as stone." I reply, that, if it is, it is a waste of publio money to offer rewards for the discovery of atone, because wa don't want to know where to find bluestone or granite (unlesB near Melbourne), but to find material for slates, which, if his statement is correct, has been discovered long since. In his last letter, however, he states, that "slates are much preferable to shingles ;" but Islote ia stone, and shingles lie timber-iron-bark, &o.; consequently, by his own admission, timber is not aa good as stone " for houses, on account of the great danger from fire in the use of shingles. If, then, timber is 'so deci- dedly objectionable for roofing houses, be- cause of its combustible nature, surely it is reasonable to couoludo that it is also objec- tionable for the construction of worka whioh are as liable to destruction by fire. Three cases have occurred within the last three days proving the uncertainty. of the existence of wooden bridges, in a country so subject as this is to yearly conflagrations. Ia eaon caso the first cause of the fire was the same, namely, the ignition of the grass from the intense heat of the sun. At Studley Park it appears that, notwithstanding the existence of a watchman, two acres were consumed before the fire was put out. Now if tho wind had been very strong, nothing could have saved the trees catchlngifire, and it would have depended upon the direction of the wind whether the luminous particles would have been deposited in the interstices of the Johnston-street or Church-street (Stud- ley Park) bridges, until they were ofsufficient strength to envelope either structure in flamea. While wooden bridges in common, roads aro subject to destruction from buBh-fires, care- lessness of passengers, and incendiarism, such bridges on railways are hourly subject to danger, in consequence of sparks, and live coals falling from the ash-pit of the engine upon tho bridges and sleepers; for, although the Americans have tried covering their viaducts and bridges with tin,! and the unsightly sparks- arresters attached to the loco- motives, coala and sparks still find their way to the woodwork, causing that destruc- tion which has led to the abandonment of wood, as far as possible, for bridges and sleepers, especially upon the Baltimorejapjd, Ohio Bailroad, to wbich I have bpfdrelres ferred. ^TO§8Í?»fc Your correspondent says, " I am confident he never saw the report of the Royal Engineer," &o.; If he will call upon me, I will show him that report, and he will thus be enabled to see the extent to which he is tho victim of miBtrusted confidence 1 Aa to whether Mr. Bate, or any one else, ia entitled to a patent, is simply a question for him or them to decide. I believe that every man should be able to get a patent, seeing that it is alto- gether at the applicant's individual risk; bat I do not believe that it should cost so muoti, or be such a heavy tax upon intellect as it is j In the colony at present. Lastly, your correspondent has indulged in a long (three fourths of his letter) disquisition of the principio and defence of the construc- tion of Mr. Bate's bridge, thereby clearly prov ug that ho is a partisan, and that it ¡B more for tho purpose of defending his pet hobby from assault that he writes than for the ob- ject of suggesting some fixed principle for the expenditure of from one and a-half to two millions of public money in the construction of bridges for the projected railways and in- ternal communications of this colony. If your alphabetical correspondent wishes to take for his subject the originality of ideas, or Mr. Bate's bridge, theoretically, practically, and economically*considered, I am quite ready to argue such questions ; but before doing so we must come to some conclusion as to the one now under discussion. I cannot conclude with- out regretting that there is not an institution ofcivilengineers in Melbourne, where such ques- tions might be discussed, and (after the argu- ments on both sides being heard) a verdict ob- tained hythe vote of those who, being all duly qualified members of the engineering profes- sion, are beat able to judge of the merits of such queatlona. TMB cannot be done without a vote of publio money, for the members of the civil engineering profession are BO badly paid that they would be unable to do moro than contribute towards the yearly maintenance of such an institution; but if the Legislature would grant a Bum of £20,000 to (he engineers and the architects of Vic- toria (£10,000 to each), in order to build and furnish institutions where the engineers and the philosophers, the architects and the builders, and contractors, could dis- cuss questions connected with their respective pursuits, as affecting the great publio works of this colony, I have no doubt that the amount granted wonld be repaid yearly, by the increased economy and efficiency of the publio works of Victoria. Very obediently yours. IRON V. WOOD IN VICTORIA. ALARUINO. Fines. - ABMSTKONQ'S. - Moat I alarming and tremendous bush-fired have completely encircled us the last few days. On Wednesday they reached their height. In one direction they extended as far as Na- varre. The whole ranges between here and Pleasant Creek were in flames. The havoc occasioned by these fires is very great Arm- strong's Is completely destroyed : the wholo of the numerous tents and stores are burnt, with the solo exception of the Main- street. With such astonishing rapidlty'did the flames ap Íiroach, that many people could save nothing rom their tents, The flames ran with oleo trie rapidity along the ground, springing ap- parently spontaneously, and destroying every thing before them. A rumor was circulated on Wednesday evening that several Uves had been lost in the flames at Armstrong's. This, however, is Incorrect Avery great number of tents have been destroyed,'and several stores with their entire contents, but we canJ not leam that any fatal mischance has hap- pened. A fine flock of sheep is said to be de- stroyed, but we have not received any confir- mation of this intelligence, On Thursday the fires had somewhat abated, but among the Pyrenees they were still raging.-M?ryborough and Dunolly Advertiser. O-BNQBA-.-We aro informed by a gentle- man who arrived from this field on Monday night, that it is currently believed by the miners on the ground that a lead has been at fast .found. The prospect hole bottomed at twenty-five feet, and took out two and a half ounces of gold to f Le tub of stuff. Tho reef on i ach side is well defined, dipping in the usual Í utter fashion, and rttü-Ing away from the t hallow ground in the direction of tho Stone Uouse. Many of the old Ballaarat miners at work here Bpeak well of the prospect before rliem, the general average of the shallow ( ( rklngs turning out from one to two ounces lo the load.-Ballaarat Star. Ï 