ALARMING BUSH FIRES. BUSH FIRE.—A heavy bush fire was raging in the parish of Lockwood. On Wednesday night Mr. Wait and several other settlers were up all night, using every exertion to divert it from their respective steadings, and happily succeeded in getting the fire under before any material damage was done. MORE FIRES.—Reports of extensive conflagra- tions reach us from almost every quarter. A cor- respondent from the Whipstick, on the 23rd inst., says—"Bush fires up to the date of this have been raging without intermission for the last ten days in the scrub, and at this moment the Whipstick diggings are encircled by dense columns of flame and smoke nearly intolerable to be borne. The heat is frightful, and almost up to boiling point; and at night the horizon, for miles round, and the heavens are lit up in one sheet of flame." The M. A. Mail, of Wednesday, had the fol- lowing paragraph :— BUSH FIRES.—The bush is on fire in several places round Castlemaine, and is approaching unpleasantly near in the north- west. The atmos- phere in that direction, and thence to Mount Alexander, is filled with a light smoke from the burning wood. We may expect to hear of heavy losses.—Mail. We extract the following detailed report from the Mail of yesterday. Never since the celebrated Black Thursday has such a mass of fire prevailed in this district as was observable on Wednesday. The sight from Mount Alexander was awful in the extreme. From that altitude a spectator counted no less than twenty- one distinct fires, blazing at intervals in a semi circle, extending from Jim Crow, through New- stead, Tarrangower, and on to the Mount, a dis- tance of thirty or forty miles. To the inhabitants of the town it seemed, on Wednesday evening, as if themselves and their property were doomed to destruction by the belt of fire with which they were surrounded. About nine o'clock a vast body of fire was plainly discernible on the western face of the Mount; the flames gradually encroaching on fresh timber, and threatening to convert the whole hill into one grand conflagration. To the left volumes of light red smoke were ascending from the burning forest near Walmer, and the fire appeared at intervals up to Barker's Creek, where the interposition of a road staved its further pro- gress, or much property must have been destroyed, including the extensive dairy of Messrs. Stack and Co. The grass on the banks of the creek, near the cricket ground, was alight, but the scantiness of the herbage prevented the communication of fire to the underwood and trees on the adjacent range. The heavens glowed like a furnace in the direction of the fires, and presented an awful ap- pearance. The heat during the day was intense. The violent hot wind which prevailed was made hotter by its passage through the burning woods, and smote upon the faces of the people with a most oppressive effect. This lasted until about half-past nine, when the wind suddenly changed to the west, and in the course of the night a few showers fell, which probably had the effect of checking the further progress of the flames. Yesterday the atmosphere was delightfully cool, and there were no perceptible indications of the fires. Since the above was in type, we have learnt that a field of hay, belonging to Dr. Roche, at Muckleford, has been destroyed; and that great difficulty was experienced in preventing the fire spreading to other produce. The Daylesford correspondent of the Mail says: —Bush fires are now (Wednesday, 2 p.m.) raging around us, and much damage, we fear, will be done. The smoke is almost suffocating, and the heat intense. Some mischief has already been done, and I fear it will be my duty to record many a tale of woe. A horse was burnt to death near the Loddon—the poor creature was hobbled, and on the Castlemaine road. Mr. Whitworth, of Wombat, saw the poor animal, and took off the hobbles, drew it from the flames, and gave it some water, and finally left it at a coffee-house near Fryer's Creek Road. The brands are two J's crossed on near shoulder, number on neck, 58. At this time many places were in danger, and Mr. Whitworth, my informant, was compelled to return, so fierce were the flames. BUSH FIRES AT BALLARAT.—The Ballaarat Times gives the following account of Wednesday's heat, as experienced in that district :—The wind was from the north nearly all day; occasional gusts from the south and south-west occurring at intervals to tantalise the panting and oppressed wayfarer with the hope of a change—a hope that was no sooner raised than it was disappointed. In the course of the day columns of smoke were seen to arise from the woods surrounding the town, in- dicatory of bush fires, and those, we have been informed, were fierce and numerous. The Bunin- yong forest was on fire during the greater part of the day, and from the foot of Mount Warrenheip a smoke was seen to ascend which betokened a fire of great extent and fierceness. From the Bullarook Forest, and from the woods beyond Creswick, the same indications of fire proceeded, and we ex- pect to hear from those quarters of extensive conflagrations. At Portuguese Gully the ground vegetation was on fire, and at the Springs, we regret to say, a large breadth of standing crop was destroyed, as well as some farm houses. Among other tales of disaster, it has been reported to us that the Trial Saw Mills were destroyed, which we trust will prove incorrect. The appear- ance of Mount Warrenheip at night, as viewed from the town, was wonderful and grand in a high degree. It seemed one mass of flame, its conical configuration rendering it strikingly like a volcano in a state of eruption. The heat in the town during the day ranged from 105 to 110 deg. in the shade. 