ST. KILDA MUNICIPALITY. A public meeting of the ratepayers and electors of St. Kilda was held on Saturday afternoon, at three o'clock, in the temporary building lately erected in Mr. Wheatley's garden, Ackland street, for the purpose of the Athenæum fete, to decide on the number of Councillors to be elected, whether such Coun- cillors should or should not receive payment, and to place candidates in nomination to fill the offices of Councillors. Mr. John Hunter Patterson, M.L.C., having been duly gazetted as the Chairman of the meeting, took the chair accordingly. There were about 250 persons present. The CHAIRMAN in introducing the busi- ness of the meeting, read his appointment as Chairman from the Government Gazette, and said all the necessary preliminaries of calling that meeting had been complied with, but if any persons had any objections to make, he hoped they would do so then. The first bu- siness was the election of assessors, and as the district was divided into two parties, insiders and outsiders, he hoped they would elect one assessor for each party. D. P. Keogh, Esq., M.L.C., and Messrs. Sydes and Fulton, were nominated to act as as- sessors. Mr. HOOD, M.L.C., regretted that the sugges- tion of the Chairman had not been followed by each party resting satisfied with proposing one candidate. Mr. KEOGH stated his readiness to with- draw his name, in order to ensure unanimity. The Chairman called for a show of hands, which resulted in a majority for Messrs. Keogh and Sydes, who were accordingly de- clared to have been elected. The CHAIRMAN said he felt bound to say that he was not made aware of his appoint- ment as Chairman until about half an hour before the proceedings were commenced, and then the advertisement in the Government Gazette was pointed out to him by a friend. The official announcement of his appoint- ment, dated March 5, had only been put into his hands since he took the chair. Mr. HOOD, M.L.C., moved that seven be the number of Councillors. Dr. M'NICOL seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Mr. HALE proposed that the Councillors be unpaid. Mr. CHAPMAN seconded the motion, and said it was a general feeling throughout the municipalities that gentlemen who filled these offices should do so gratuitously. Mr. ROBERT SMITH (Fulton and Smith) proposed an amendment that the Councillors be paid. . The amendment was not seconded, and fell to the ground, Mr. Smith observing that there was nobody honest enough to second him. The motion was carried with but one dis- sentient. The CHAIRMAN then said it had been de- cided that the same course would be pursued in the election of Councillor as had been followed in the elections for the Houses of Parliament. In the event of a poll being demanded it would be taken at the Junction Hotel on Monday next. Some objections were raised to the appoint- ment of the Junction Hotel on account of the situation not being a central one, but the Chairman, on being appealed to, refused to accept an amendment. Mr. R. SMITH nominated Mr. Cowderoy as a fit and proper person to fill one of the offices of Councillor. Mr. FULTON seconded the nomination. Dr. PATTERSON nominated Mr. Belcher, but Mr. Belcher declined. Mr. CAMPBELL nominated Mr. Alex. Sutherland. Mr. ROBERT BENNETT, M.L.A., seconded the nomination of Mr. Sutherland, and had every confidence that that gentleman would do his duty. MR. FARRAR nominated Mr. A. Fraser. Mr. HENRY HULL seconded the nomina- tion. Mr CHAPMAN nominated Mr. Frederick Spicer. Mr. EVANS seconded the nomination. Mr. TIBBETT nominated Mr. C. W. Barnes. Dr. PATTERSON seconded the nomination. Dr. EADES nominated Mr. Thomas Hale, as one of the working classes, and specially adapted to fill the office of Councillor. Mr. JAMES GRANT seconded tho no- mination. Dr. M'NICOL nominated Mr. J. R. Pascoe. Mr. BLIGH seconded the nomination. Mr. A. SUTHERLAND nominated Mr. H. Jennings. Captain PARKER seconded the nomina- tion. Mr. WEBB nominated Mr. Hood, M.L C, hut Mr. Hood declined the honour. Mr. VAN HAMERT nominated Mr. Henry Tullet. Mr. WRIGHT seconded the nomination. Mr. HOOD, M.L.C., nominated Mr. T. G. James. Mr. LOADER seconded the nomination. Mr. CHAPMAN nominated Mr. A. Young. Mr. PURCHASE seconded the nomina iion. Mr. MOORE proposed Mr. S. Marshall, sen. Mr. JAMES HUDDY seconded the nomina- tion. Mr. O'SHEA nominated Mr. M. Fitz- gerald. Mr. JOSH. MOONEY seconded the nomi- nation. Mr. MAITLAND nominated Dr. M'Nicol, but Dr. M'Nicol declined. Mr. HOOD, M, L. C., nominated Mr. Joshua Mooney. Mr. O'CONNOR seconded the nomination. The Chairman having asked if there were any other candidates to nominate, and meeting with no response, an elector re- quested the Chairman to confine the number of persons holding up their hands to house- holders and landowners, but this course was held to be Impracticable. A show of hands was then taken, which the Chairman and assessors declared, to have resulted as follows: —-For Cowderoy, 70; A. Sutherland, 65; A. Fraser,90; F Spicer, 66; C.W.Barnes,35; T. Hale,68; J. R. Pascoe, 32; H. Jennings, 35 ; H. Tullett. 45 ; T. G. James, 63 ; A. Young, 60; M. Marshall, sen., 62; M. Fitzgerald, 35; Josh. Mooney, 93. The Chairman then declared the show of hands to have been in favour of Messrs. Mooney, Fraser, Cowderoy, Hale, Sutherland, Spicer, and James, but it was only fair to the candidates to say that there had been some difficulty in counting the hands held up. A poll having been demanded by Mr. Fitz- gerald, the Chairman announced it to lake place at the Junction Hotel on Monday (this day), to open at eight a.m., and close at four p.m. The CHAIRMAN congratulated the meet- ing on the good order which had been pre- served. A vote of thanks to the Chairman termina- ted the proceedings. Owing to an omission on the part of the Chairman, the candidates were not called on to address the electors before the show of hands was taken, and the parties assembled did not appear to have noticed the circum- stance until after the show was taken, when, on it's being pointed out, the Chairman offered the gentlemen who had been nomi- nated an opportunity of declaring their sen- tíments. An indisposition to hear speeches appeared to prevail, and so all the work of a nomination was performed, but with the speeches left out._ J WESLBTAN METHODIST SCIIOOLUOOSI, NORTH WELUOUHHB- On Thursday evening a meet-1 ing was held in the Wesleyan Methodist | Schoolroom, North Melbourne, on the occa- j Bion of the removal of the Rev. J. W. Crisp to I Creswick'. After tea, the congregation pre- sented the reverend gentleman with "Alison's History of Europe" (fourteen volumes), and tho children of the school presento i I " D'Aúbignu's History of the Reformation." CITY COUNCIL,-At the meeting to take place thiVday (Monday), a call of the Council is to bo made " to consider and order as to tin i ?propriety of so far rescinding the resolution of 'the Council restricting expenditure in Fit/.- \ 'Boy ward, pending decision whether tims ward shall reniain a part of the city, as to admit of acceptance of the tender of Mr Timothy Cleary, for cleansing and renairiuá thestieetsof the ward, at the rate of £1,291 for one year." And other important business , btands on the notice-paper, namely: measures I ior flagging the footways within the city : establishment of a cattle-maiket on the land j in Doutta Galla, granted to the Corporation , luy the Government for that tiurpose ; the con iidcration of an application for the restoration i to Macarthur Ward of its old boundaries; tho committee's report on the charges against ' Councillor Hallida by cortain citizons of Hotham Ward, &c;, & c. BUSH-FIRES.-Several large bush-fires have been laying bare the country to the eastward of Kilmore, from the confines of the munici- pality to the Running Creek, and extending southwards. The fires have now abated, but we are sorry to hear that a party travelling across the country has seen the remains of two or three horses and some cattle which fell a prey to the devouring element. Mr. Fredk- Stander, a well-known carrier, had a valuable draught horse so severely burnt that little hope is entertained of his recovery.-Kilmore Examiner. 