MR. HUMFFRAY'S BILL. IT was stated a few days ago in the Assembly, that the Government had in- troduced a Bill for the management of the gold-fields. We have not seen it, but we have before us the copy of a Bill prepared and brought in by Mr. HUMFFRAY, for the better management of the gold-fields. As the subject is likely to be keenly discussed, both in Parliament and on the gold- fields, it may be useful to give a summary of the principal features of Mr HUMFFRAY'S measure. It proposes to continue the system of miners' rights, with the fee of £1, the "right" to be in force for twelve months from it's date, which must be the day it is issued. Business licenses may be issued as follows:—For three months, £2 10s.; for six months, £5; and for twelve months, £10. Leases may also be granted of auriferous lands, at an amount to be fixed by way of rent, whether as a royalty or otherwise. The above are to be granted by the Governor, subject to the provisions of the Act, the laws in force respecting the waste lands, and to rules and regulations to be made by the Governor, with the advice of the Exe- cutive Council. All fees must he paid in advance, and all persons mining without authority, or carrying on any business with- out a license, shall be dealt with as unau- thorised. The 11th, 12th, and 13th clauses describe the various crimes of forgery, personation, fraud and theft, or appropriation of gold belonging to partners ; and order the in- fliction of fine or imprisonment, with or without hard labour, or both, at the discre- tion of the court, on persons convicted of these offences. The 14th clause specifies that nothing in the Act shall be deemed to abridge or control the prerogative, rights, and powers of the Legislature of Victoria, or of her Majesty the Queen, her heirs and successors, in respect of the gold mines and gold-fields of Victoria. The next section enacts that proceed- ings for infringement of laws not other- wise directed by the Act shall be summa- rily tried before two justices of the peace, and shall not be removable by certiorari. The fines levied under the Act shall be distributed, one-half to the informer and one-half to her Majesty, for the public uses of the colony. Mr. HUMFFRAY then proceeds with his scheme for forming District and Local Courts. The 17th clause provides that it shall be lawful for the Governor, by and with the advice of the Executive Council, to proclaim and define the boundaries of a district, and to name it; to appoint a Chair- man of the Local Court therein, from time to time to alter and vary the limits of the district, to remove the Chairman, and to appoint others. The Governor may also appoint a Mining Surveyor for the dis- trict. The Local Court shall consist of twelve persons holding a miner's right, or a lease under the Act. The Chairman and eight of the twelve shall have legislative powers and jurisdiction only. They may appoint a Clerk, and shall have power to frame rules for determining the extent and position of claims, the conditions on which they shall be worked, the application and use of machinery, and such other local rules as they shall deem beneficial. The Court will also have power to make rules and orders touching the practice thereof; but no rule, order, or regulation shall be in force until it shall have received the assent of the Governor, and been published in the Government Gazette, excepting those here- tofore made by the Local Courts, which shall be in force until repealed, altered, or amended. It is likewise provided that all rules and regulations made as provided in the Act shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within fourteen days from the making thereof, and, if Parliament is not sitting, then within fourteen days after the commencement of their next session. The next thirteen sections give full di- rections for the election (half- yearly) of twelve persons to form the Local Court. The election is appointed to be by ballot. We have already mentioned that the Chairman and eight members of the Local Court will possess legislative powers and jurisdiction. The 35th clause directs that the Chairman of every Local Court, assisted by at least four members of such Court, shall possess judicial powers and jurisdiction only, the decision of the majority to be the decision of the Court. And in case of the four being equally divided, the Chairman to give the casting vote. Nearly the whole of the remainder of the Bill is taken up in defining the powers and duties of the Local Court in it's judicial capacity. It shall hear and determine all complaints for the re- covery of debts in mining casés, all mining disputes, and all Cases of encroach- ment. It may authorise surveyors to de- scend shafts and examine them ; and if own- ers of private property authorise mining thereon, the same must be done according to the regulations of the Local Court. It is empowered, in a summary way, to deter- mine in cases of partnership ; it may grant injunctions, and attachment of debts ; and the Chairman, in cases of emergency, is armed with a similar power during the in- terval between the sittings of the Court. We must not omit to mention that by the 48th clause it is provided that every member of any such Local Court shall be entitled to the fee of——for each case, to be paid, in the first instance, by the person complaining, before proceeding with the case. The portion of the Bill relating to the duties and powers of the Local Court is of great length—no less than thirty-eight of the clauses referring to this portion of the subject. We should have thought it would be dangerous to confide such very extensive jurisdiction to men who must be ignorant of many of the questions and subjects respecting which they are called on to adjudicate. It is, however, a proof of a superior class having hitherto been chosen, that in general, according to the unanimous testimony of the members from the gold-fields, the Local Courts have given satisfaction. We feel the full force of Mr. MICHIE'S arguments against the election of judges, but after all it turns out that they are only a kind of permanent jury, who are, besides, liable to be chal- lenged. We think, however, it might be for the safety and advantage of the digging community that this part of the system should be modified. The fountain of jus- tice should be free from even the suspicion of either fear or favour, and we cannot believe that this can continue to be the case where the judges are popularly elected, and are paid by the litigants. BUSH FIRES.—The mournful intelligence reached us early in the week that a bush-fire had been raging in Broadford and its vicinity, bearing along with it destruction to the pro- perty of the farmers and settlers in that neighbourhood. The fire started from the Sydney-road, no doubt from some camping ground. On Sunday and Monday last the hot winds were insufferable, and the bush must have been very ignitable. It is with great regret we have to record the loss, by Mr. Cochrane of a field of wheat and some oats. Mr. Dugald M'Pherson has been burnt out. Mr. McLeod and Mr. Purrier have also lost large portions of their crops. Miss Gavin, at Mount Piper, had her crops burnt, the last year's hay, oats, and wheat in stack, and much fencing. Others have been sufferers, but not to such an extent as the above. Mr. Andrew Beveridge, of Woodburn, has also been a sufferer ; his wheat crop, stable, and out-houses have been destroyed by a bush-fire which started in that neighbourhood on Mon- day last. Parties camping should be com- pelled to extinguish their fires during sum- mer. We have no doubt this latter destruc- tion arose from several camp fires, left by bullock-drivers on the Kurkurruc Creek, which we saw burning on Saturday morning last.—Kilmore Examiner. 