MELBOURNE ORPHAN ASYLUM. The fifth annual meeting 0f subscribers and persons interested in this institution was held yesterday (Tuesday) in the St. James's Schoolroom, William-street. The attendance included a great many ladies. The Very Rev. the Dean of Melbourne was called to the chair. The proceedings having been opened with prayer, the CHAIRMAN called upon the Riv. Dr. Cairns to read the report. That docu- ment was as follows : THE FIFTH ANNUAL REPORT OF THE MEL- BOURNE ORPHAN ASYLUM, FOR I856. Tlio Committee of tho Jtolbouino Orphan Asvluin fool giatlflcd at being ablo lo picsonl to tlioir'sut» scrlbers a report which will show llio stonily proston of tho Institution, and justify Um o-cprosslnn of tluli confldcneo in itsfutuieprospority. -" Tlio llboiallty anil kind feeling displayed by all classes of tho public encourage tho committee ti> porsovoroiii tholr efforts to obtain fmul^fur tlio stui port of tlio larg) numbjr of clillihoii now lu tua asylum', mid to próvido for a eon-ldornblo ilición;, Milich li certain to tako p'.ica in tlio course of the cur- rent year. Tlio committee entortiiii tlio hopo that Govcrntiiotu vi ill grant such assistance in money as will In a gro.it lneasuro rollovo thom from tlio dilliuiilty thoy lnvo hitherto had to contend with iii projnriug, not deshablu comforts, but tho nccossarlos ol'llfo, for a body oi'cail di'ón,'niaiiy of whom aro moro infants, and many more of foeblo and delicate constitution». In tho month of JIarcli last tho children wer J re- moved from tho tents at Kow to the now building .11 Emerald Hill. Tho committee, finding tint the accommodation piovldod was quito Inadequate, rosolvcil to croc another wing with tho 1,601)1. rouolved as their pro- portion of the poundage foss. This addition ivis completed BOHÍO timo ago, and thoio lb uowliouso'rooni for about 130 orphans In consoquoiico of an arrangement with tlio Oom ufltteoof the Bouevolont Asylum, 1 indoon childi a,: liavo boen transferred to us from that Institution; so that the number undorbur caio at this moment ii ono hundred and nineteen. During the past year thirty-five girls and twenty- five boys have been admitted; eleven girls and nine boys have gone to service. Two children have been sent to England at the request of their relations and three have dies, - a fact which may, we trust, be con- sidered a satisfying evidence of the general good health of the children and of the efficient attention paid to them by Dr. Ford, whose valuable services are gratuitously rendered. The Denominational Board having granted out of tho funds appropriated lo tho schools of tho Church of England and of tho Froo Pi osbyterian Gluiroli salaries for a malo and fomnlo tcnohor, the children aro now receiving suitable Instiuetloii every day, vvhllo tho boys aro taught the prac- tico of gardening and tlio girls both house- hold and needle work. It has been deemed necessary to apply to tho Legislature fora bill to em- power the trustees to act as guardians to the children, so that thoy may liavo authority to apprentice Hum to trades vi lion uld onougli for such an arrangement, , and gonorally to oxcrcUo 11 needful control o,er timm 1 until thoy arrive at an ago to act independently awl tako care of themselves. I In theil- last roport your committoc nioiitloiiod t'u loss which tills liibtiliiliou lud sustained by the de- parture of Lady Hotham. Thoy can now iccord with pleasure that her sympathy Tor llio doslitut« here did not end with her sojourn In tliU, land, und thoy rejoice to know that tho orphans liavo no n'armer brui)» ili'intcrcstcd Mond. In tho month of Juno last two v aluablc cows, which had arrived from England in tlio Victoria steamer, vvoro hy hoi directions presontoi t> f tlio Asylum, and vvoro so d for il'a bonelifc bj the eit- el tlous of Messrs. Kaye and Butcliai-t, through whoso gratuitous agency thoy were disposed of for the Iland- udno sum or ¡£127 10s. ' Contributions havo'beon from time to lime receive J of clothing, bedding, flour, vegetables, and other use- ful ortlclos, from kind and considoriitu f 1 lends ; aud tlio coiniiilttoo take this opportunity of returning tliclr sincero thanks for tholr accoptablo glfti, mid of expressing a hopo that so good an ovuiiplo may be '©vtinslvoly follovvod, as pointing out an easy way of lcf«cnliig tho expenses of llio Asylum, and umtorlally milling to the comforts of tlio clilldroii. The coinmltteo aro anxious to llv the attention of tliclr friends, and of tho public at large, 1111 tlio fact tlut tins valuablo institution Is only In Its infancy, au I iviiy bo cxpoetod to grow in magnitude viith the lu e eise and the necessities of our population. Although much has boen done within tho last eli htcen months, yet the accommodation provided is liv 110 mrans sulllciont for tlio wants of tho Asylum, even lu its prosout «tato. Tho sleeping apartments au cioudcd-a giootcvil undoubtedly in this warm c iiiintc-aiid there Is no proper hospital for tho sick, r hero ¡s neither washing-house nor launihy, and many 1 iii entonces ara wanting necessary to the cfllclency ol t.-c institution. It Is the duty of the eomiiilttoo, therofoic, while gratefully acknowledging the liberality of the subscri. ' 1 ors, to inform thom thal, moro ampio funds will be inquired for tho support of tho institution intimo to c-iinc. But on this subject Ibu coniinlttco fed that ilicy can with ovcry confidence of suecos1! addrosi 1 tliclr appeal to tho gonorosity of tho bonovolont. ' Tlio objections urged against 11 syslem of poor-law« »10 not applicable 11 such a charity us this. Wo know tint Ûod Is tho Father of the fatlioiless, mid stay t>i tho orphan, arid that to tho caro of this society Ho lu> entrusted these helpless Infants. We liilsapproliem: nur office *if wo do not understand that wc occupy tltc p'aco of parents to these poor orphans, and that it'i cut special duty to train thom up In the niutiuo and admonition of the Lord. It is woll to seo that tlioj aro fed unit clothed, and educated mot ally mid ¡mollee tnally, to lit thom to bo useful members of society hut It Is also our undoubtod duty to caro for tho wal f .io of tholr immortal souls. In tho sight of Ood w, aie ¡osponslhle for the spiritual instruction of thei lilllo ones, and it is our duty to malic lehglon, pun lind undcflled, the pervading spirit of our system. Divine scivicc Is hold morning and evening. Tin >. j lptnros aro read by the children in theil- classe every day, and the housj or Qod is attended by all 01 ti 0 bunday. 1 ho coiniiilttoo arc desirous, that mombo« of li iviingollcivl cliurcliM, especi lily thoso lesldlng on S'lie r.ild Hill, should visit llio Asylum regulativ, inspoj tho classes ; und favor tho committee with such lug gestions as may comineo to tlio woll bolng of tho In itltutlon. The following Is a list of sonic of tlio donors who ,liavo kindly made contributions of noco3s.iries to the As) lum. Messrs. Messrs. Sargood, King and Co. J. Alston Buckloy and Nunn - Bonnott Budge, Brothers A. Russell D. S. Campbell and Co. - Stanway Starbuck and Crane - Hall Hope and King R. Kerr Anischoll and Co. Mrs. Janies Sinipioii baml. Thon>e Butcliart AlficdWoolloy Miles Edward Cobon Poiry A. and W, Forguson Eldorton . - Balfour D. S. Campbell V. Montoflorc Webb. The following statement of accounts wa- llten submitted : MAIKTItXAMOK PUKO, 18(0 HV.CKIPTH. X Á ». d Balance lu hand from provlous year .. i7 17 ! bubiicrlptionsk .1,27" It» ' Overdrawn at bank 27th January, 1867.. 0.1 I ( 1,370 13 I * l'AUTlCl'li.VllS. .C s. d President ot Pilot Board. ii» 0 I tlairlok Club. 3D 3 i Proceeds: of cows sold, prcsoivted by Lndv Hotham. 127 10 ( Jlolety of poundago foes (other moiety carried to Building Fund) .. .. 100 0 I Police fines. 19 11 ( Private subscriptions . W7 15 ! 1,277 10 : Hxt'HKon nan. £ H. li expenditure.1,370 l8 ? TJellcioncy . 05 1 ( BuiliUiKO FOND, 1850, , imoBirTH. I £ * J To balance from previous year .. .. 0(17 14 1 Government grant .. .. 360/. Ditto .l.flOOf. Ditto .100Í. 1,050 0 I Private subscriptions. 21 0 1 2,0.18 11- , Kxl'SNOITUMi. To stindrios.2,50s l-l < Balance in hand. 1!) » ] 2,028 14 i Dr. CAIRNS moved, and Mr. LANG- LANDS, M.L A., seconded, a resolution to Elie effect that the report be adoptcd"and printui Carried nem. con. Mr. LANGLANDS suggested, if it had not. already been done, that the Governmt'ttt should be memorialised for assistance in a proportionate amount to that obtained by the Roman Catholics. i Some conversation took place as to the 'amounts placed on the Estimates for the pur ' pobc of assisting such institutions ; at the 'teimination of which it was suggested 'that as the Estimates contained au item of £500 for tho Roman Catholic Or- phanage, and one of £900 only for the Protestant institution, though there e-c isted more thau that proportionate differ once between the two bodies numerically, au ap , plication should proceed from that meetin; ,to the Government. It was accordingly moved by Dr. FORD, and seconded by Sir. OGILVIE - that a mcmoiial be presented to his lîxcclloiioy tho I'orornor praying for a sum ol money, the amount t> , he tlooitlod upon hy a committee composed of_t.h» fol 1 lo« ing gcntlomon .-Dr. Calms, Jlr. Lanr-Uihls.'D.nd the .inever; «houillnlsopropiroaii estimateAnowina; tho ? necessity for such assistance. ,,' Dr. CAIRNS then moved a vote of thanks to the membeis of the Ladies' Committoo for I, ¿heir ¡-calaus exertions in behalf of the iit , 'ktilutioa, and also to Mr. II» .cock, the Secre- tary, for Iii» valuable services. _, ' I Sir. LANGLANDS seconded the mption. . which was carried by acclamation, i . , , ' I It was next moved by Dr. CAIRNS, seconde I , hy the Rev. Mr. OAKLING- i. lint tho hast IhunLs ol' till« mooting ho giveil 11 i lir. Korti for lils »almil'e assistance allbrdad ita the [ 11 ijio of nioillcal «upi.rIntciH'ciit.0 of tho Asylum, " ' Anti tin's motion having likewise' 'bee;. .'(.?t'th-d by acclamatio«, the apostolic1 Iieni' iiietion was pionounccd, ami the nieetiiii I tumiuated. BUSH FIRE -On Sunday a bushfire raged near Lockwood, on the other side of Bullock creek, and seemed rapidly nearing Fenton's station. We have not heard whether any damage has ben caused by it. Bendigo. Advertiser. 