THE LATE GREAT BUSH-FIRE. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT OF THE Bendigo Advertiser). On Thursday, the 18th, a hutkeeper about noon, out of breath with running, appeared at Mr. Mouat's head station, imparting the intelligence that the Loddon Plains were on fire. The effect of such information on every one was alarming, as all felt the evil and danger to life and property-seeing the plains were, owing to the very wet winter, covered with an extraordinary quantity of grass, long, rank and dry as tinder. Much depends on promptitude of action. All hands on the place (fortunately numerous, gathering in the crops) were got together in a twinkling, and stowed away in the spring-cart, along with a large keg of water, and some bottles of grog to renovate muscular power exhausted in fighting the fire. Town fires are extinguished with floods of water — bush ones with blows from green branches ; a supply of these was provided, and without them no good could be done on the plains, from which rolled upwards and on- wards clouds of dense smoke. Away rattled the spring- cart with its cargo, the fire bri- gade, to the scene of the mighty conflagration, in that part of the plains termed, from its peculiar conformation, the Horseshoe Bend. These plains present to the view of the traveller an immense flat country, dotted and divided into many parts with stripes and clumps of timber, which sweep away on the horizon in rural pastoral beauty down towards the Murray. They are an assem- blage of Australian prairies, on which, had the wind arisen on the 18th and blown a hurricane hot blast, the melancholy tale of the memo- rable disasters of the Black Thursday of old would have again to be told. Fortunately, the wind from the south was cool, blowing steadily and not very strong, though now and again it put forth some puffs which sent the fire through and over the long, rank, dry grass to the northward in a flame, which shot up darting and crackling, forming a terrific living wall of fire, which spread in a short time over a vast breadth of land, effectually preventing the men from all attempts to beat it out in that direction, being com- pelled to confine their exertions to where the burning went on against the wind, succeeding, after labouring from mid-day till midnight, in rescuing one-half of the plain termed the Horseshoe Bend. Then on the return home, all gazed in wonder on the strange, sublime scene. On, on away to the northward, over the vast plain, spread for miles and miles the devouring fire, like an uninterrupted race- horse flew, lighting up the earth and heavens with an ocean of the terrible element, o'er , which rolled in fearful grandeur and majesty the clouds of dark wallowing smoke, giving to the mind the idea of the Judgment Day, the imposing brilliancy of the vast illumination far surpassing that of the largest cities when lighted up to celebrate the victories of war. The vast forest intervening between the Bendigo and the plains, the belts and clumps of timber ignited and lighted up, the trunks of the trees standing out in bold relief, giving a Rembrandt pic turesque sublimity to the imposing scene, which, in consequence of the level land, pre- sented much of uniformity in the glowing twinkling red of the burning logs, modified by distance, and beheld for miles, contrasting with the stars studding the heaven, which appeared where the land was shorn of it's grass by the fire, after the cessation in a great degree of the dense rolling smoke. On Friday, the 18th, a high wind from the north-west drove the fire with fearful rapidity over the plains towards the Murray, utterly consuming the grass on some stations. Mr. Coglem Ganley, Mr. Hassell, and others, are said to be burned out. At midnight a turn of the wind suddenly brought the fire back on Mr. Mouat's station. One of the shepherds, whose hut was in the way of its return, tran- quilly asleep, because of the men's exertions on the previous day, was roused by the blast and the roar of the fire, which he thought was thunder. Looking out, he was astounded on beholding the flames approaching with fearful velocity. In dismay he darted forth, yet with the presence of mind due towards his flock, already nearly surrounded with fire on all sides, and urged on by a sense of duty, courageously succeeded in driving it to the ground burnt on the previous day. The flames for a moment licked with a fiery tongue the entrance of the hut, scorching one end of a wooden stool, and yet the place did not take fire, for, as the shepherd de scribes it, " the flames just shot out a tongue through the door, and the next moment were away flaming, wallowing, and roaring o'er the plain." All that night the flames were so very bright that a newspaper might be read miles away from the fire's vicinity. Next day again the men with green branches were em- ployed keeping it away from the home station, and as the wind had turned again to the south, succeeded in saving as much grass as will sustain two flocks of sheep. This fire, according to the report of the shepherds, originated on the place where some Germans were making hay, who, it is supposed, having completed their comple- ment of it, went away and left a log burning. It's rather too much to come and take away loads of it, and then leave the country to be consumed by fire because of a little trouble in putting it out. This is sheer criminal neglect, and ought to be punished with rigour. But how can it be proved? and who did it? are questions which cannot be answered very satisfactorily. Yet every decent man who has taken a bit of hay from these plains is in- terested in establishing a satisfactory answer to these questions, as it may tend to their disadvantage in time to come. Again, the fire in the forest, between this and Bendigo, flares up, and again men are out with the branches. This is Christmas, several days after the first fire; and if this very dry weather keeps on, it will smoulder and burn amidst the timber for weeks, till a hot high hurricane blows it up to do more devastation till every blade of grass is consumed. Then comes the time experienced after Black Thursday, when from sheer famine, bul- locks, sheep, cattle, and horses perished in thousands. SARDINIA'S CLAIM TO SUPPORT.—The crown of England is held by a parliamentary title. The Emperor of the French rests his claim to his crown upon " universal suffrage." For cither to deny the right of a people to choos3 its own form of government and rulers woull be to disclaim their only secure titles to their thrones. They are, theiefore. bound by moro selfish considerations to maintain that tho management of tho internal affairs of Italy shall be left exclusively to the Italians. Wo expressed some time ago our conviction that if Austria ventured to interfere in the domes- tic concerns of Italy, the government of Sar- dinia, as the representative of Italian na- tionality and indopendenco, would interfere also. The pamphlet which has juBt been pub- lished at Turin by the Cavalière Farini proves that we wero right. Here, then, is one other chance offered to the governmonts of Franca and England to avort a violent revolution ia Italy. Let them support the Sardinian go- vernment in it's opposition to Austrian inter- vention in Italy. Sardiuia, which so promptly and energetically threw its weight into their ¿calo when thoy wore waging war to avert Russian intervention from Turkey, is entitled to demand this act of friendship at their hands, independent of every other considera- tion. If they honestly and firmly uphold Sardinia in the attitude it has assumed, Aus- tria will shrink back from her military de- monstrations ; the despotic princoB of Italy will learn that thoy can no longer hope for aid from without; and measures will bo adop- ted to soothe the just irritation of the Italian people. But if France and England, from weakness or treachery, hesitate to adopt th« Íiolioy here indicated, a revolution in Italy is hevltable. Neither God nor man can longei tolerate the iniquities of the crowned and tiaraed oath-breakers of that country. The King of Naples, in his reply to the govern- ments of Franco and England, inveighs against the constitution of 1848. Whatever the merits or demerits of that constitution, it was his own handiwork. Up till the mo- ment ho promulgated it the Italian patriots asked no more than moderate and constitu- tional ? reforms. The promulgation of his constitution upset tho balance of men's minda, and the work of rovolution began. It wai j suspected at tho time, both by tho princes of Italy and its reflecting patriots, that tho mis- chief was intentionally set afoot by tho King, of Naples in a fit of vindictive spleen. Tha UBO to which ho now seeks to turn the con- sequences of his own rashness shows that ha had a deeper and more malignant aim-to cast.discreait on free institutions and per petuate tyranny. No one" has a right to ex- pect that the people of the Two Sioillos will' longer tolerate such a malicious and perjured miscreant. If tho other governments of Eu- i rppe cannot deviso any means of averting re- volution in the Two Sicilies, and at the same I timo respecting the independence of the na- J tlon, why then a rovolution must como. Our principles are upon record. We are friends to monarchy, and we havo a horror of viole ut revolutions. But tho fault will not be with the Neapolitans, to whom no othor resource will have been left ; ' and whatever tho con- sequences to the Two Sicilies, to Italy, and to Europe, thoy will bo gudtless.-Daily News. ? i 