THE GLEN OF THE WHITEMAN'S GRAVE. BY CHARLES HARPUR. I had well nigh fared through a summer day O'er rugged mountains that round me lay, Far as a wonder-keen eye could strain Range after range, like a dusky main Of giant breakers flowing high And wide along the shoreless sky: But some up coned, as holding sway O'er all the rest,--up coned away And alone in their greatness, like old world kings High as soar the eagle's wings-- High as the fleecy clouds that play In the open face of a sunny day. Such had been my course--and when The day was well nigh ended, Into a deep and gloomy glen The mountain track descended: A gloomy glen that far was seen Winding hugely on between Two craggy rampires stained in face With many a tempest's wrath-- Hugely on, like a time-hewn path For the giant Pan of so wild a place. And wondrous was the backward view Thence seen from where the gorge came through. Huddled together and up piled There was all that's rudely wild; Nature's most enormous freaks, Hunching cones and snouted peaks Ruggeder than e'er were dreamed, And towering till the blue sky seemed Torn into fragments by the jags Of their giant shapen crags. In this melancholy glen Far my feet had fared not, when In the pathway I might see Right against me as I came, Carved in the bark of a huge old tree A fatal-fortuned name. 'Twas the name of a murdered man! and I Many a time by the bush-fire side Had heard his story with a sigh, And a boding look o'er the dim descried And savager haunts of some prospect wide: Wherefore I turned me from the road With a sympathetic load At heart, and with a rueful face, To find his grave in that lonely place. That evening! never knew I one More solemn-browed. The great round sun O'er the lit summits crowded vast Against the sky, was sinking fast. A few grey cloudlets only were / ?? heaven to stir / As hanging ivy locks might wave From the marble dome of a mighty cave. A gust at measured intervals Fell over the nearer mountain walls, And then with a sound like the motion of snakes Bustled away through the rounding brakes, Or dying, lingered, as though to pine Its own dirge in the top of the turpentine. And once a dusky eagle came In solemn travel o'er the same-- Steadily straight, as from afar, Came o'er--but soon the airy jar Of his wide wings in faint decrease Faded away--and all was peace. And now the sought-for grave I found Against me stretched, its lonely mound Was darkly seen, and by degrees, In the broken shade of the silent trees: Darkly, save as one long glance rayed From the sinking sun, for a moment played O'er lt, and then backward ran; As Hope's last flickering gloom might fade From the face of a doomed man. Only one tuft of grass did wave Above that sterile desert grave, Bestrewn with leaves and withered sprays, And only one blue flower did gaze Timidly up, as near I trod, From between the dry lips of a broken clod. Oh, 'twas a desolate, dreary thing, That grave, in the else-green lap of spring! As I looked on it then through a starting tear, And the feeling--Alas, for the sleeper here! I would not, I would not one human child Of the earth should be laid in a grave so wild! Thus deep--sea-deep was the pity I felt For the lonely dead as all lonely I knelt Down by the grave:--and then I drew His image on that evil day When as he came upon the view Of felon's bent to slay. A visionary youth, methought On he came all wonder-wrought With the dreary grandeur there, Which oft his memory would compare, For contrast, with the rural joy Of scenes in merry England, where He had wandered when a boy-- Scenes vocal with the voices gay Of friends beloved--so far away! And not as those that now he saw, All silent, or but fitfully Bestartled, when some loud macaw Might send abroad his doleful cry: A sound that waileth through the air Like the utterance of despair. My spirit, searched with pity keen, Then sailed the isle-thronged seas between The Antipodes, and onward o'er The navy-laden waves that roar Along the Anglic shores--even there To seek a sire of the same name, And her, that doomed youth who bare A sorrow-pallid dame. Both I pictured old and grey, And bent with mourning many a day,-- Mourning hopelessly for one Their age had cherished, and in whom, Even through the sacred tie of son, They had seen again their beings bloom: But they dreamt not as they blest him then, Of a lonely grave in a gloomy glen, Thought I, recurring to its gloom;-- This dusk glen--this lone mound, With savage mountains rampired round! Even this whereon, yon clod between The nameless flower of a nameless scene So meekly rears its lonesome head; And where a kindred creature's tread Comes seldom--comes to wake a cry Of wonder within the wild dog's lair, The only abode of the quick; and where Even the Black seldom ventures nigh, Never dares to halt: but striding full fast, And suddenly hushing their thoughtless noise, Points out as he comes to his cowering boys-- The Whiteman's Grave!--then hurries past, And thinking thus of him who slept There, and of those who even then Might mourn that sleeper of the glen, A brother's sorrow o'er me crept, And seeing I might vainly try To keep my eyelids longer dry, I sat me by the grave, and wept! Wept, until settling up the glen, The night forbad my longer stay; And bittered was my spirit when I sped at length away. Go Sympathy, best mate of Grief, To all who mourn him waft relief! Thy sweet sad smiles some lightness Can lend the breaking heart-- Thy lustrous tears some brightness To the hopeless minds impart: As wreaths of flowers are soothing Unto a dying child-- As the moon's beams come smoothing O'er some benighted wild. 