CITY COUNCIL. Monday, 5th January, 1857. The Mayor took-the chair at' twulvcoolook. noon, but the Council immediately adjourned to one o'clock, to allow tho members to be pre- | Bent at the City nomination. Atfive minutes past one o'clock his Worship again took the I chair. ' MINUTES. Tho minutes of the last two meetings Of the Council were read, and signed by his Worship the Mayor, on the part of the Council, as con- I firmed. UAH.WAV OO.VIMUNICATION. | The Town Clerk brought up and read a copy of a oetition to the Legislative Assembly. J The petition was headed " Wo, the magis-1 trates, merchants, landowners, and others having interests in the establishment of di- rect railway communication with Ballaarat," and set forth the regret of the petitioners that in the scheme of railway communication Which had been marked out by the Govern- ment a direct line between Melbourne and Ballaarat had not been decided on, and prayod that a line by Ballan might bo adoptod. The petition was ordored to lie on the table, for the signature.of the members of the Coun- cil. HIS EXCELLENCY'S llECEPTION. The Town Clerk read a communication from his Excellency's private secretary, thank- ing the Maj'or and Corporation for the arrangements which had been made for Ms Excellency's leception. The Mayor then informed the Council of his having been presented to his Excellency " at tho levee, and read his Excellency's reply to the address. TUB l'EJtALE GAOL. Tho Mayor informed the Council that in his capacity as Chief Magistrate, he had called the attention of the Government to the absence of sufficient gaol accommodation for females, and recommended the establishment of a Pe- nitentiary, to which he had received a reply fiom the Under-Socretnry, stating that the Government wero fully aware of the insuffi- ciency of the accommodation, and that they ivould provide a remedy as soon as possible. The Sheriff had reported that no sufficient building was in the possession of the Govern- ment at present, but the Government inten- ded so soon as the new Lunatic Asylum was built, to appropriate the present Lunatic Asy- lum building for the purposes of a Female Gaol and Penitentiary. «LOCKING THE STREETS. Councillor Bowden presented a petition. Signed, by thirty-six inhabitants in Ooltias Btreet and Eli/abeth-street, complaining of tho blockage existing at tho junc- tion of the two BtreetSj and prayinz that no further accommodation of tho kind might be given to the builder, as throe com- plaints had already been made against him. Councillor Guthridge considered it a great dereliction of duty on the part of the sitting magistrates in inflicting such small penalties onporsons offending in this way. The Mayor said he had gone through tha city and observed that of all the buildings now going on, only three or four of the builders wore at all complying with tho Act. He had caused a list of the offenders to bo pre- pared : but agreed with Councillor Guthridge that the penalties imposed on offenders wera altogether insufficient to prevent an infringe- ment of the Act. According to the present arrangement, all such complaints wero inves tigated in tho District Court, where ho had no jurisdiction as a magistrate. PAYMENTS On the motion of Councillor Kerr, tho Council approved of the payment of the fol- lowing accounts ordeied hythe FinanceOom I mittee, vi/ - £ s d. 1 City Surveyor, labour, cleansing . 05 15 S I Do, do, do .. .. 74 8 9 Bo , do , incidental 70 17 0 Do , do , manure depot It 0 J Do , do , topolid 40 tO O Do, do, do . Bl 5 0 Do , do , do 30 7 5 Do , do , paving metalled streets 05 14 S Do , do , repairs to do . 30 11 » Do , do , park hinds 30 7 S Do , do , do 20 0 0 Do , do , ot erf oom, <to 70 16 0 Robert Crawford, forming King stroot 1,000 0 0 Do , motal for Sponeoi street 500 0 1) Patrick Brtdy, eartiigo from quarries 181 IS 8 Henry Roberts, Bupplles fi oin do 34117 S Tintotlij Cloarj, cirt-igc of tnotiil fiom gaol 42 14 S Pointon and Co , motal for Quconsborrj stroot l8 12 0 Itunnogar and Jforrte, kerbfng, &e;, W11 Ham street 150 0 4 J Win« ood, kel bing, A.e , fcrrol stroot 21 O 0 J and I. Campbell, formation, &e; , lins soil htreot 350 0 0 E Wills, supply of rubble to gnol ISO li i O Connor and Co form ition &c;, Queensboro eticot 00 0 a li Shaw, painting names of prit ate lane« IB 3 4 J N Suj or», printing, ile 54 5 8 Joseph Huff, metalling sides of sticots 653 11 0 Ditto, formation, &o; , Wellington paindc 228 3 0 City Treasurer, salatles 897 2 1Q Ditto, intcrcHt on Oabrielli loan 2,375 0 a Ditto, bill drawn bj J C King 050 0 0 Ship 7,oc/uc/, freight of li-tggiier 103 14 (i The pa} ment of £913 6s Id to the sureties of Benjamin Smith, for work at Sandridge, WBB postponed, and it was agreed that no moneys bo paid on behalf of thu contract until specially recommended by the Public "Works Committoe Mirvr MEASURIM. Councillor Costello, with the leave of the Council, postponed ihc following motion Btanding m his name until the nott meet- ing - lliat tlie Cltt Siirtctoi bo instructed to have Hv« ctrts constructed eaob to contain one cubic yard of metal, winch carts if used for tbo cat tago and mea mu ingot motal, would have the clleet of doing away willi the pi cent sj stout of measuring, which has boon ho pie lncl it c of lo s to the citi/ons and of ainioj ance to the Council IVNCXtllOV Of CITY TERRITORr. Aldorman Hayward moved that followiug order of the day be referred io the Legislative Committee - lo considci and order upon the steps piopci to li? tnl.cn foi resisting further annexations ol poi tions o( tlio City of Melbourne to intend«! 01 cvlitlng mum nutalltlnM I Councillor Bowden opposed the motion and refened to the circumstance of a petition i leing on loot in Macarthur Ward, praying for an annexation of that ward to tho munici pality ot Emorald Hill Ile moved, an amendment, to the effect that a petition should be presonted to the Governor, praying Lis Excellency to refuse his assent to the pro pe sed annexation T he Mayoi said the ordei of the day hail been placed on the paper to pievent the sut rounding municipalities from obtaining of the Government portions of tho City boundary At the present time there were no less than four applications before the Government for appropriations of City terntoiy, and the only way in which the Corporation was mida aware of this was, by observing it published in the Goicinmcnt Gazette bomething ought to be done ho thought to provont claims, from being made in this wa) Councillor J M Smith objectod to the motion on tho ground that each ap plication should bo considered on it's own mel its It was tho duty of the Town Clerk and Mayor to look alter the interests of the Corporation, and if they thought any iniury was about to be done, they should represent it to the Government Alderman Hayward adopted tho suggestion of Councillor Smith, and withdrew hw motion The amendment was also with drawn Alderman Hayward then moved that tlio matter be left in the hands of the Mayor The motion was agreed to 1UDLIC WORKS Alderman Hayward moved the adop tion of the report ot the Public Works Com- mittee, No 17 recommending that nut h o ri ty be gh en for the construction otthoun dermentionod city works, niateiials to bo sup plied from the Corporation Quaiues - 1 líorblnír and channelling; Victcla sticot on the i orth sido, lioni Cardigan sticot to Madeline sticot and floin Howard st root to Loieson sticot 2 Tlio const! notion of a cubo crossing ¡n Cal di? in street, at it s Junction with Victoria ¡>troot J K«rblnjr and channelling fa li olio sticot ii the south side from Kins sticot to Spencer street .4 llio constitution of a cubo crosiing; In Spencoi atrcot, at tho oud of Little Bourke street Councilor Mauuoll (¡econded the motton which was agreed to SALAIIV TO MR lAVlvntrE | Aldcuiati Hayward moved the adoption of the report of the Public Woiks Committee iNo l8, recommending the payment of seven pounds ten shillings, balance of salary due to Thomas Lanktree late overseer at the Cor poration Quarries Councillor Manuell seconded tho motion Councillor Donovan thought there wai money lost by contractors in consequence of the imperfect manner in which Mr. Lanktree had performed his duties, and should like to seo this sum deducted from the amount al. leged to be due to him. Alderman Hayward said the sum lost had been lost by the contiactois and not by the Corporation Councillor Bowden opposed the paymenl of the amount on tha ground of the imperfect manner in which Mi. Lanktreo had perforated his duties T ho motion was put and carried by 7 to 5 TENDEES Councillor Kerr moved the adoption of tha Pport of tho Public Works Commltteo, No I, recommending the acceptance of tha foi lowing tenders, and that appropriations be made to the extent of the contract prices. viz :- " . 1\. Korbhig and 'cliannolliiig William-street on tho ra't fckle from Lonsdalo- streot to Little Bourko l itreet-Messrs. M'Donald and Field, £133. I 2. Formation of tho continuation of Nioholson f slreel, bettveon Albort-stioct and Spring-street, and I nietalllng a roadway thirty feot wide in tho contro \ Mr. Patrick O'Connor, £462. i 3. Foi illation ol a cubo crossing on the cast side of I fciianston-strcot, at tlio intersection of Littlo Oolllna btrect-Mr. Jamos Milli,, £37 10s. i. Formation and nietalllng of the continuation of Madeline itrcet to the Sydney-road-Mr. Felix M'Oan, £1,800. I C. Keib'.ns and channelling Curzon-street lu front of the Black Prince Hotol-Mr. Gcorgo Scott, £35. (I. Kcrbiner, channelling, and flagging in Bourke. . street, in trout of the proporty ol Mr. Bud- Messrs. M'Donald and Field, £9 5s. Agreed to. FURNITURE AND FIXTURES. Councillor Kerr moved the adoption of tho report of the Public Works Committee, No. 21, recommending that an appropriation be made to the extent of £156 10s., to defray ' the cost of f urnituro and fixtures for the committee-rooms and offices in the Town Hall. Councillor Ingles seconded the motion, which was agreed to. GARDEN PURPOSES. Councillor Bell moved the adoption of tha report of the Park Lands Committee, No. 1, recommending that application be made to i the Executive Government for a grant of tho two triangular blocks of land at tho head of King-street, for garden and ornamental pur- poses. ) A lderman Gallagher seconded .the motion. Councillor Fitzgerald moved, as an amend- ment, that the question be postponed for three months, to enablo the inhabitants of Botham Wara to consider the matter, on the ground that there was sufficient park accom- modation in the district already. Councillor Chnmbors seconded the amend- ment, which was carried. 6T. KUBA PORTION Or THE OABRIELLI S0A.N. Councillor Kerr moved the adoption of tho report of the Financo Committee, No. 3, in- forming the Council of the amount or the Gabrielli loan for which the Municipality of St. Kilda will be chargeable, in the event of the portion of St. Kilda within thecity being annexed to that municipality. The sum duo by the Municipality of St. Kilda was £16,120, the exact amount of the Gabrielli loan ex- pended on the district. The motion was agreed to. TUE CITV AUCTIONEER. Councillor Kerr moved the adoption of the report of the Finance Committee, No. 4, laying before tho City Council the report of the City Treasurer respecting the defalcations in the accounts of tho City Auctioneer, and flic steps taken thereon. [The repoit recommended that tho office of City Auctioneer be filled up, and stated that the bond of tho late auctioneer bad never leen entered into.] Councillor Chambors seconded the motion, which was agreed to. THE OAHRIELLI LOAN. Councillor Kerr moved tho adoption of the report of the Finance Committee, No. 6, recommending that application be made to the Executive Government for the annual payment of the sum of £25,000 in liquidation of tho Gabrielli loan. Councillor ¡Byrne seconded the motion, which was agreed to. I l'RINTING. Councillor Keri moved the adoption of the ropottof tho Finance Committee, No. 7, in foiming the Council of the acceptance of the tonelor of Messis. Shaw, Harnett, and Oo. for the Corporation printing at prices specified. Councilloi Ohnmbors seconded the motion, which was agi cod to. THE WESTERN MARKET. Councillor Donovan moved tho adoption of the repoit of the Market Committee, No. 3, recommending acceptance of the tender of Messrs Rhode t. and Co. for pitching and flag- ging the aroa of tho Western Market, £613 9s. Councillor Halliday seconded the motion, which was agiced to. rilV.UOY WARI) MARKET. Councilloi Donovan moved the adoption of tbeiepoit ol the Maiket Committee, No. 4, ncommeuding acceptance ol tho tender of Mr B. J. Donoian for erecting a portion of the Fitz Roy Ward Market, £4,875. Councilloi Ohatnbcis seconded the motion, which was agreed to. EXl'ENniTURE ON PARK LANDS. Aldeiman Gallagher moved tho adoption of a return furnished by the Park Lands Com- mittee, showing the expenditure authorised by them fiom September 24th, 1855, to Dj comber 10th, 1350; also the number of trees and shrub-, which have been planted. Councilloi Chambers seconded tlio motion, which wns agiecd to. ACCESS TO THE WESTERN MARKET. Alderman Cinllnsihci moved That the Town Cloik bo mitinoted to call for ton dors foi kerb'ng- .mel chuiiicllitier William street from Collins street to Flin IcMano, cast side, and Markot Btrcct from Collins stioot to riinelci-, lano, volt side, in oidoi to alloid proper access to tlio Wostorn Halltet , the piotablc cost being; about ¿100 for each street Councillor Halliday seconded tho motion. Councillor Chambers moved lhat the ninttui be ilcrcned foi a neck, In order tint tlio levels intuit bo btoiight up. Councilloi Manuull seconded the amend- ment. Councillor Pulton supported the motion. I It was ultimately adopted that William | street be left out of the motion, and tlio kerblng and channelling of that street de- ferred for the present PRISeL'S BRIDGE. Councillor Kerr moved lhat the lou n Cloi e bo instructed to call foi tonden foriopairing footp iths at loth ouds of I'rincos Brld^o atan estimitcd cost of i,170, also for tenders for re- pairs of footpaths from the junction of Sandridgo road to tho foot of tho ban aclt hill at an estimated cost of £30 lhe necessity foi the repairs was so urgonfc that it needed not any observations from him to uige it Councillor Manuell seconded, and Coun- cillors Fulton, Donovan, and J. M Smith supported tlio motion. 'lhe Mayoi said that in common propriety and honesty the Government should do the work referred to, as they built the bridge and eio íeceiving a heavy toll from the road Councilloi Keeley moved as an amendment that the motion bo expunged from the paper, but the amendment was not seconded Councillor Kerr said his motion had no reference to the toll or to the road, but only to the bridge The motion was put and agreed to. RUSSELL-STREET. Councillor Bodes moved That tho Public Works Committoo bo instructed to «ill for tondors for tho kerblng and channelling ot llusscll stroet, on tho east side, from Flindors.strcot to Flinders lano, tho estimated cost boiiiej ¿ClfiO Councillor Kerr seconded the motton, which was agi cod to MACARTHUR WARD. Councilloi M'Oallum moved That, with roforonco to a petition appeal tag in tile Oovei ninent Gazette ot tlio 20th Instant, purporting to bo a potltion ft oin tho inhabitants of Macarthur Ward, (but uiiknoiv n to the majorltj of tlio rcsidonts thoro,) pnjinghls Excollcncj the Officer Admhiistorinp; tho Oovcrnmont to annex a portion of Macarthur Ward, bounded on tho south by tho railway fonco. and on tho north by tho Hil or Yarra to the municipality of Emerald mil, a petition bo propai ed, and a deputation from this Council appointed to submit tho samo to His Excellency tho Oovornor, doprceating tho propose! annexation, and praying his Kxeollency to rofuso his assent thoroto Tho petition was signed by 47 residents, who purpoited to bo a majority of the house- holders of Macarthur Ward, and who alleged that nothing had boen done for them by the City Connell, and;that they were desirous of participating in the advantages offered by tho municipality of Emerald Hill. If the prayer of tho petition ivis carried, there would be conflicting intercttb on tho two sides of the Yarra. Councillor Tu,ton seconded, and Council- lors Byrne and J. M. Smith supported tha motion. The motion was put and agreed to. Councillor M'Oallum then moved That a duplication of the vvholo Council bo appointed to wait on the Governor with tho petition Mr. Halliday seconded the motion, which was agreed to. CAttliTON GARDENS AND FITZROT SQUASB. Councillor Fulton, in the absence of Coun- cillor Bowden, moved That tlio City Survoyor bo instructed to call on Mr. Mooro and lils securities to finish forthwith tlio con- rad for fencing Carlton Gardens and ritzHoj square, tho contract time having; expired The contract had been four or fivo months over due, and it was high time that something should be done Councillor Manuell aeconded the motion, which was agreed to, and tho Council ad> Journed at five minutes after four o'clock. THE BUSH-FIRE,-The bush-fires on Fri- day and Saturday seem to have extended to oil portions of tho district round Ballaarat Buninyong foreBt to the south was blazing away at an alarming rate. In the agricultural district to tho north nnd west, besides the damage done on and near Messrs. Bankin and Douglas's farm, there was a large extent of ground under fire In the neighbourhood of Cogbill's station, and it was generally ru- moured on Saturday that at Clunes there had been Berious damage done, and that some of the outbuildings at the homo station had been burnt down.-Ballaarat Star. 