HOBAHT TOWN. Alderman Ptewart was elected Mayor by tho UIlflllimoUH vote* of his bin! lie) Aidoitnen. ' The salary studied to the office will be £300 per annum, the wlmie of which, it l»6Utcd, thb Blaybr ha* piomlsed to devote to public purposed. In its lepnrt of the official declaration of the |Kill, at the recent municipal eiectlpn, tlie Courier gives the paragtaph annexed:—' Mr. Alderman Thom tvas so continuous that lie could not lie heard, A man inside ol the baniode made use of some ex pression which appealed offensive, and Mr. Thom son said lie would poke hit eye out, aDd attempted to address tlie cU'Ctnrs at the Other side. His voice was literally stifled with grains, arid after another ineffectual ntlchipt to speak, all which could be heard being ' Gentlemen, this is the third time you have elected me, I am veiy much obli ged to you and thank you,' the observation w-ts re peated by the individual. Alderman Thomson clenched liis fist and appealed about to strike out, when the populace became exceedingly indignant, and the Alderman leiirud.' [Well, well! \\\vc have not had any thing so rich as this at any of our Lauuceston municipal elections, whether from successful or non-BUCcessful candidates.] On Wednesday last, an inquest was held at the Snug, before J . W. Kirwan, &q.;, on the body of a man (bund dead. Dr. Smith having made a post mortem examination, deposed that the decea sed had apparently died from drinking The jury returned a verdict in accordance with this evidence. We (Mercury) have received a communication from a correspondent at ihc Cross Marsh, who in forms us that a female dropped down dead at Brighton ou Christmas Day, and tlia'. an inquest ivas nut held on the body till the following -'on- day. Tho Police Magistrate and Coroner, Mr. Whitefoord, resides at Oatlands, which may ac count fur Ihe delay, and which at the same time, shows the ilW:!lects of the mistaken economy of tlyu Government : not only aie the public intewsts ' comprutnibed by this portion of thu mtrcnehuiunt scheme, but we very much doubt, whether the travelling expenses of Wr. Whitefdord will not amount, in the. course ot'lhe year to almost the pay of a second Magistrate. ' Onr correspondent informs us. that a public meeting will be shortly held at Brighlbn, to take tins matter into coneidc rition. A moro remarkable season, for the time of year, lias not iiccii rcuiembeicd for a long period, the weather being very changeable,, and the umipcia turo variable, with move ilian tho average quantity of rain. In former years, the heat at this season used to he frequently excessive, with bush-fires in various dheclions. which happened to be the aaae only last. year, in the vicinity of Ukrbart Town; noiv ihc^rass &tid; herbage are grucn and luxu riaiit, aftprding excellent pasture for cattle aud sheep. We have not heard, that the season has hitherto materially affected the grain crop* jbut should warm genial wuatlier uot shortly cniue. (ho ripening process mutt bo retarded. Ibid: By advertisement the churchwarden* of St. Joseph's bllef a reward -of £10 for Such information as wrtl lead tb the conviction of souio one who (lad tho folly, or wickedness to throw a stone on Sfiw fell's Eve, llirotigh the window of the vestfy. . Cheat Work.— VPe l)-v« beep informed' tiiat the yield uf guld iroui the daini ut, »le»is. Cbok and Co., on Katharinu Keel, I'^y jiull}-( lias been so extraoidinaiy lately as t*fl(6 almost fabu 1'ius. The guld is SaM Ui have lieen taken out in pieces af tlw*wc.«f a juhu's luud, end we ji» tluld lhat a very small franmeut Iskoa from tluiost auy pjtitofUio.ieei is. wurttt«a\'enil tiundivd pottridi. —Courier of the MiDe», 