CHAMBER OF COMMERCE. TtrESDir, Fbbbuaby 2. The quarterly meeting of this body was held at Green's Exchange. There were present the Chairman (Mr. S. Tomkinson), the Vice-chairman (Mr. M. Heuriqttea), and a I irge aitendan c of members. The Ch&ikujlh; read the usual Synopsis of Committee Proceedings for Quarter ending February 2, l!iSS. "Chairman and Deputy-Chairman-Sincc the last quarterly meeting, Sir. Arthur Blyth resigned his cp pointrncnt as Chairman, having other engajremeuis which occupied his lime. Mr. Young also resided his office of Deputy-Chairman, being of opinion he was not eligible to hold the appointment for the present year. The Committee SUei up these vacancies by the election of Mr. Tomkfason as Chairman, and Mr. Hen* riques as Deputy-Chairman. " Passing of Entries at Custom-House.-Complaints having been made to the Committee of the great iueou venience suffered by the shipping and mercantile in terests from the length of time allowed for passing entries, which ^y the present law is severally seven days for vessels nader 200 tons, and fourteen days for ail , ?essels over *iiat tonnage, appointed a Sab-Coramittce j to oonsider the Customs regulations generally. Upon their report the Committee applied to Govern sienfc to endeavour to alter the above periods by making tt com pulsory tn consignees of goods by foreign itetps to enter I such grods within four days of the ship's reporting at | the Ccstom-House, and in the case of all goods by coasting vessels or intercolonial steamers within 21 hours ? the ship's reporting at the Cmftom-Housc. The I Coimaittee further recommended that some provision | shen'd be made to prevent undue delay in the discharge | of-goods when detained for the purposes of the ship, i edmplaints having been made that 'heavy goods are oc- j casionally kept on board and nsefe as ballast after they I vie in a position to be discharged. Should the Executive tnot feel authorized to -effect these changes, and it be : necessary to apply to Parliament for the purpose, there l are seme other miner points in fhe Customs Act which ; your Committee wift feel it their duty to point out for j amendment. " Fraudulent De&tots; Evading theirCreditors by leaving the Colony.-The attention your Committee having been directed to 'devising a remedy for this evil, they think it will be a <propers6Ebject for discussion by the Delegates who^re shortly to meet on the subject -of a : federal unioa -of the Acsfrclian colonies, and will, it the i proper time, bring the matter under their notice. u Scale ofOommerciaT Charges.-The Committee think-: ing it advisable to revise this scale, passed so Sosg ago as 1850, have been at'"considerable Trouble in framing a. new one, tatter fittett, they conceive, for the -present commercial state of'the colony, and which proposed: scale will be submitted fer the sanction and -confirma tion of the'tneeting. ; *' Noglect of Ca^ttin of the Havilah to dc'iver part of . the South Australian Mail in Melbourne.-The Com- j mittee came to the knowledge of this matter byeb ser*mg in the Melbourne papers the report of proceed ings iu the Po ice Court there of a charge brought by the 'PostOfficc authorities against, Captain MeFie/from whicfh it appeared that he negleeted to deliver one of the South Australian mail-hags, containing letters forBarcpe, fcr three days after his arrival in Melbourne, and the .contract radl-steamer sailed in the meantime withcili it. tLn his defence, the captain asserted falsely, as it tamed out, that'lie- gave ne receipt for the 'mail-when'pet on ^board the tiavilah here, and the Con^tinflicted the very ^inadequate penalty of £10. The Ccmmittce' felt It to be their duty to enquire into the matter, and: the Pofct Tma6te-General having assured theca that the Govern ment are in possession of Captain STdFie's1 receipt for the'bag in question, they suggested the adoption of fur ther measures to protect the ipeblic "against future ' neglect on the part of masters of ^tessels entrueted with the important charge el OUT mails. The Government finding that considerable expense would be incurred by further proceedings, wrote to --Captain MeT-ie, threaten ing him with legal measures if the dffence'-is repeated, and it is hoped this will have tte effect of- preventing a . recurrence ef the evil. M Postal Communication England:-The Com mittee observing that a negotiation has'-been entered * into betweeu the Government St bo in e sse the Austra \- Han Mail Contract Company: thit the steamers should call at Kangaroo Isiand both outwards -and homewards, ^ adding an additional day in -consequenccto the contract \- time, appointed a deputation of three:membere to wait upon the Government, and-erge their Views as expressed ; in the following resolution, iand as feeing those only which will give getieral -satisfaction'1 With reference ; to the proposed modification of the European and Aus- ! tralian Mail Contract Company's contract, by which, 1 with the consent of the- other colonies. Kangaroo Island ; is to be made a casing place as a concession to South i Australia, t his Chamber is of opinion that no adequate j benefit will be derived from it, and that much unnec &\- ; sary inconvenience, espenpe, delay, and disappointment : will be sustained; and tint Chamber is further of opinion j that the extension of time; which it: Is proposed to allow . f8r calling at Kangaroo'Island,-would enable the ocean steamers to proceed 4ip the Gulf of St. Vincent with and ; for mails aud passengers as fhr%s or near to the Light- ] ship, thereby conferring a positive advantage upon this colony, without prejudicing inary way the interests of j New srouth Wales end ^Victoria.' The deputation waited ! accordingly upon the Chief'Secretary, who expressed his concurrence i& the -views of ths Chamber, and stated that he would do -c.il . in -his pcwcr to forward the object of the resolution. "*. ictitious Storage OertiSeates. - The Committee deemed it their imperative duty to express their opinion 1 of the transactions alluded to iirthe following resolution; ; \- The Committee -having had their attention drawn to the procuring end issuing of fictitious storage certifi cates, as revealed in the evidence given berorc the Police Court in the investigation 'of a charge brought against! Charles Clere -Coliison, record their strong condemna tion of the same, and their regret that any members of the ChamberofCommerec should have beci. parties; to such proceedings.' -Tha parties implicated having, appeared in-the Court-of tnsolveucy, and therefore ceased to be members of the Chamber, has rendered it unnecessary tc reBort to more serious measures to sustain the high character for honour and integrity which the mercantile cemmunity of this colony has hitherto held. | t " Vacanciesun the -.ommUtee.-There arc three vacan cies in the Committee,»Which the meeting will have to I fill up, via.: **1. The vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr. \- Blyth, and which the Committee has supplied pre Zctn-'' pore by the election of-Mr;'Alfred Watts. "2. A vacancy occasioned by the absence, in the-other, colonies, of BO. A-Scott-from four ordinary mecfciupG of the Committee. On Mr. Ssottfs return, the Committee re-elected bim.pro tempore> but of this and the previous! election thc-confirmationof the meeting is necessary. " 3. A vacancy occasioned, the Committee are soxry to say, by the insolvency of-oae of the members.** 'ELEC£Z0HC? MBMBBBS. The following gentlemcn'were elected members ofithei i Chamber fcy- hallot:-Messrs. Peter Macfarlane Kcriot,: George Frederick Dashwocd, and J. M. Solomon. 3?ne ad intsria eiections by the Committee of Mr. A. Watts and Mr. A. Scott, as-menibers of Committee, were .con firmed by 6how of hands, and Mr. G. ft. Fox was elected a mecaber of the'Committee by ballot. LAJfDISS GOODS. Mr. Misax wished to make &ome; remarks on the ' reply to the Chamber with. reference to the lazk£ng of goods. He tinderstood that it was necessary for the Chamber to-*peak oat.»It»was incumbent on consignees: to take goods within 14 days,-and they should have power to compdor ipunish for non-delivery without prosing special damage. Many captains bad told him that thiB was the worst |>ort:that they ever £ame to, as they were com pelled to make their shipB-wnrehouses for 14 days. If the Chamber .«5Id not spea!r out it would appear fchiit they acquiesced in the opiukroc expressed by Dash wood. If an enactment wasneeessary to secure what they considered right, measorec should be taken to have such an Act psased. The CKoiinr said the jotter referred to had bees are eeived since the last mceting»cf-the Committee, and bad. not yet been considered by them. Had it been cencMered it would, with'the other-matters referred to in the synopsis, have been reported on. Mr. Mi prey -considered that explanation rendered it quite nnneoessaiy to dwell on- ths subject on that ooea .ion, as it would-no doubt be brought forward at the : proper time. JKBC^KTILBOSASGES. a The CKA5S*LAjr said the next business was to «on- : aider the new scale of charges, -copies of which were, he presumed, in the -hands of membsrs. .CQMMISSIOKE. On sale of merchandise 6 per cent. f2| to 5 per Do. d»., when sect to auction orraold) cent., accor through a broker ... 1 ding to cir- = V. cumstanoes, i Bo. do., by auetioneers^tauction. 2^ perccnt. j On sale or pu£chase.-«3ii.1gold dust, spo&e;, i or bullion ... ... ... ... 1 per cent, i On the negotiation of of exchange,.. ^ per cent. On letters of credit granted for mercan^ie ] purposes 21 percent. | On purchasing flad<shipm6at of merchan dise, when in funds w. ... 2J percent. Do. do^ whennotdnrfiicds ... v, 6 per cent. On purchasing And s$iiigg freehold, or leasehold properties-to residents ... 2} per cent. Do.-to absentees ... ... ... ^5 per cent. ; On con ignments of merchandise with- J drawn or resbipped, .-full commission of 6 per cent, to be -charged to the extent of advances or responsibilities incurred, and half commission on the residue of the value, 8*rEJBB3'4!G£DirffTS. fOn advances to settlers in current account on maximum amount cent, i On advances on produce for .shipment ... 2£ ceut. N.B.-When an account tis tsiuliqai . dated at the end of the year, the jbaUnce 'to be charged as a fresh advance, ^subject to a commission of 5 per cent. &BBTS;, BE*£3,-DiVipi;!U>S,&. On collecting and remitting ipt&ests;, debts, and rents ... ... ... ... 5 per,cent. Do, do. dividends on stock.... 2£ psr,osi:r. nraBBHsv. Interect on accounts, per eanmn,,. ... 10 per cent. .On absences for duties, freight, f 10 per.cest. terest per annum. SE-SXCS^GE. C5 per cent On Intewslonkl bills dishonoored 2 and notarial i chaises. / /"iO per cent. I On New;£etland bills do ...J and notarial; i. charges. . _ . , /"2C per cent. Oa PntiBh »na Foreign bills do. ... j a&d; notarial ! i .charges. xirsnBAircB. Oa cffectingdaaarance, or writing orders ... ... i percent. Oa settling 'insurance losses, partial or total 1 p&r; «eat. Oa recorenDgietnrn premiums, on void ii t_reet ... 1 per GIJA.K4BTEB. On guarantee of sales, endorsing bills, bonds, contracts for goods, or other ensagemeDts 2^ per cent. N.B.-All sales -understood to be gua ranteed, without special orders to the contrary. 5SIPS. On selling vessels ... per cent. On purchasing do, when iti funds ... per cent. Do. do., when not in funds 5 per cent. On efftcting charter, procuring freight and passcugcrs ... 6 per cent. On outfits and disbursements, when in foods 2\ per cent Do. do^ when not in funds 5 per cent. On collecting chartcr- moncy or freight... 5 per cent. On procuring advances, or collecting money on bottomry or respondentia 2\ per cent. Onpasping accounts at Government Offices for emigrant ships ... ." £10 10s. Onfihccking expenditure accounts on be half of charterers of passenger Tcssels granting certificates, and reccivine sur plus stores, if any... £10 10s. 6TTHVEY3. For surreys on damaged goods, each ear voyor £1 Is For surveyiiij? hatches, ditto ... \\\\\ j?i jg* For marine surveye, ditto \\\\\ 2S" INDENTS. Scale of charges by merchants on executing orders for 1 troods from Great Britain. EXCHANGE-At the Bank rate at the date of indent Coamissioir-On purchase, being the usual charge for cash purchases in London 2\ per cent. This charge to be exclusive of brokerage, whtre brokers are usually employed,and of c »mmission incurred in the pure ase .at the i lace of manufacture. Ten per cent, per annum interest on the amount of invoice, and charges as above, from date of indent, until the importer is placed in fu.:ids, rive per cent commission on the same amonnt as that wbicb ,ve 10 per cent, is chargeable, and on aUMsh ontfay tfert qijyr be PR tbe arriyal gf the I The above is based upon the supposition thai the order is to be & cash transaction through «ut and due here on arrival in part j aud that each parry is properly bound-the merchant to import and deliver, and she person «rderiug to take the goods on arrival. Should the good* no*, arrive within twJre mouths 'r.»m date of indent, the person ordering- should have the option ol refusing to receive une:s the merchant can show that the d -lay has not arisen through any fault of his own or his age i ts. The merchant's commission of 5 per cent, being payment for transacting business, is not to involve him in any risk beyond the proper execution of that business. DEFICIEKCT Iff TTl!fE3. In all cases where the deficiency exceeds 5 per cent. Upon the following standard of measures, such excess to be allowed. Pontac ...pipeof 92gals. Sherry ... butt of 108 M Sicilian ...pipeof 92 " Teneriffe... " 100 41 Claret ... hhd.of 46 M Bucellas ... pipe of 117 gals. Cape ... " 9- " LUbon ... '* 117 *' Madeira ... " 92 " Mountain... ** 105 *' Port ... w 116 w . And the same rate or allowance upon spirits, beer, cider, vinegar, aud oil in bulk. Liquids in bottles-All deficiency exceeding one in a do2?a. WABBHOrSHTG. On all measurement goodf, re quiring to be well housed, per ton of 40 cubic feet ... ... Is. per week. m On liquid", p*?r tnuof 252 gallons... Is. 3d. per week. Oa sug&r;, rice, salt, flour, and ^ similar articles 6d* per tea per week. On copper Is- Per PCT wee^ On outdoor goods ... "* ... 3d. per ton per week. And an additional charge on all tire above goods for housing and unhoas2o£, according to the bulk or height of the article... ... Is. to2s.'6d.'p0r von, Ob grain tn bags,including housing and tmhousing, for the first month 2<j. pet bushed Subsetjuaitiy, per week fci. per bosfecl. On grain in bulk, if required to be weighed, an extra charge to be made. KJ&-After the first four mouths a rede tion of 50 per cent, on the aboce «tes of storage. ft* iving, weighing, markittg^ and delivering wool ... Is. 5d. per bale. When stacked, additional... Cd. 41 "^are on wool lO lbs. per bale. j>raft on do 1 lb. per cwt. The CHAiBimr said lie would not r*n the risk of wasting time by going through the several items; but as the scale had been In the hands of members, am: those interested had csrefully considered them, he wortd be happy to hear any remarks, or put any mottcn respecting tbem. Mr. Linklitbb made an enquiry as to the effect of the non-arrival of goods within 12 months. The ViCB-CHixttttir-^In thfft, c^se the party fcust look for redress to a court of lavr. Mr. J. H. Cla.rc «aid the Committee would be fesppy to have any suggestion frotn Hr. Linklater. Tbc scale before the Chamber dealt with charges for woit done, and not damages for work neglected to be done. The CsAiKKiB* was of opinion that Mr. LinV.later's question referred to a matter that could only fee settled by law or arbitration. Mr. BABOT remarked that brokers were referred to more than once in tbc sc&lc;, and he thought 'their rate of charges should be fixed by tbc Chamber ts wcli as other mercantile charges. The Cfu.TB&Aar; obBcrted that thematter ted not been lost sight of by the Committee; but it wa . thought that as brokers are notgenerally employed in this colony, the matter might safely, for the present, be left tet ween the merchant aud'the broker. Mr. Bistfir-1 per cent, is the usual rateior a broker; and if that was included in the scale, the matter would be pnt beyond doubt. The Vicb-Ghustiax thought Mr. Barry's proposal most proper, as they bad auctioneer** assc other rutc^ in the s^ale. It would be, however, desirable to have a motion on the subject submitted to the Tweeting. Mr. BabhT moved that brokers* charges on the sale or purchase of merchandise be 1 per cent. The ^Vicb-Ceaibihk seconded. Mt. AEnAtiits thought the brokers' charges were fit-Ad by the-scale. Mr. Babbz explained that the charges in the scale to which Mr. Abrahams referred were merchants' charges. Kr. PHILLIPS thought that where e. party did not do Iris own business, but employed a broker, he should pay the'brokers1 charges out of the commission. Mr/J, H. Ci<A.be remarked that,* by the scale, when goods were sent to an auctioneer or broker, the com mis-ion charges were reducible from 5 to 2£ per ccet,; according to circumstances. Mr. -Hat felt that it would bs just as wall for the Chamber, before the question was put, to reflect that there nvcre here no licensed brokers. It was possible, in the Absence of that class, that a partially-employed &CTk; migh^'ce entrusted with the sale b» goods, and thus have a low salary eked out in the form of brokerage. Mr.'-B&BBT; would, before the'question was patr- say that he would prefer to withdraw it. The brokers isould then meet and put the Chamber in possession of^heir own Tiew6 on the subject. Ee^would wish the general question to be put to the meeting, namely, whether brokers* charges should be adEed to the scale fey the Committee. Kr- Young-Then that need not interfere with the adoption of the scale as pasted bj the Committee. Mr. 6. HALL said the adoption of that suggestion would suspend the operation ofthescale for three months, acit would be necessary to have the alteration rar.de by the Committee confirmed by aigeneral meeting. Mr. J. H. CLABK remarked that the brokers would fix their own charges and not tie Committee. It would be |-'for the Chamber afterwards to adopt them or net. <Hr. HAT considered that a sufficient reason to hesitate in dealing with the suggestion. (Ur. Babby thi ii, with leave of the meeting, withdrew the motion. ? TBAKWAY A17D JETTT «©ri-t:EFBVBE'S PEKllfSULA. The Chaibsiajt said-AS the ordinary and routine business had been disposed cf, with a view to promote the interests of comme-ce, «nd thereby the prosperity of the colony, he would, as a private member of the 1 Chamber, submit the following resolutions " L That the requinemente of the shipping frequent :>-<t this province, the safety"-end convenience of persons -embarking and disembarking at the beach, and proper facilities for the mail service*-urgently demaac the erec tion of a jetty near the P*iot-and Telegraph Station on : Lefevre's Peninsula. . '*2. That the same objects also require the laying down of a tramway for horse-power to connect the Port .Railway with the said Jetty. M3- That these resolutions be forwarded «to the Hon. .the Chief Secretary, with an address from this Chamber, -requesting the Government to place upon the Estimates such a sum as may enablethe jetty and tramway to be immediately commenced. "4. That Messrs. Blytfc, ITeales, Burford, Ray, Town l-eead, Glyde, and Hawker,'^members of "this Chamber, and the members for Port [£dclaide, be -respectfully re quested to advocate in their-pl ces in the Reuse of As sembly the urgent want of these important and useful public works, and to prees^br their speedy sommence ment/' VEhe Chairman continued-Sir, if most ofius:3?e aware of the causes which have hitherto retarded the progress of 'public Improvements at Port Adelaide,- ic *vould be a matter of surprise that, ct this period,-when the pro rvince of South Australia H&s; been the adopied home of enterprising Englishmen forepwards of 20 years, that jrt&eilitieshavebeen; providec. forthose whorlcnd orthose -«tho depart from the beach at the Pilot-Station. It is nevertheless a fact familiar to us all, and has astonished and disgusted every new comer* that -aeceee from the ship's side to the City and iBert of Adelaide -should be ciSeult, toilsome, and <langerous, Pezaons landing hcveto encounter the rongh tossing of - a small boat, -tfeec to be carried on to the At sands by bowmen, then thepibave to climb a high ridge of deep sand> then to w^lk encumbered possibly with oarpet-bags and children &cr;<t«s the Peninsula, to haS « boat at the Creek, and «salk through the dusty thoroughfares of the Port until they reach the Bailway station, before anything like-comfort or shade can be attained. Delicate women aim young children have had to bear -all that and more Tor the last 20 years, and there *ds really..no reason why this etate of things should i:e longer tolerated. It -is inown that almost cveiy ship arriving must bring up &t; the Pilot Station, >and that almost every .outwai>4<bound vessel has to leznain-Eome time there to complete her crew and reeewe mails and passengers, ft is t&ereforc; a matter of considerable impotieoee tiut some oonrideration should be bestowed upon the safety ind.coeiCcrt of the persons to whom11 have r eferred. It b&s; been a matter of some surprise that, this «aceocimo 4lation-so obviously necessary was set granted yeare ago. The negleet of the authorities in this -respect has had a most injurious effect upon the eclony. Shipmasters reported aU over the world the inconveniences they had to encounter here, and travellers had a vivid- recncm br&uee; of their sufferings. If this ic to;b«?ome a great country, an&tf; the interior is to be opened up by. rail wayE, it ;is egsally important to see are ready access by the seaboard. I repeat that mere .consideration should be ^hown to those wto arrive to tE&ose; depart, that they ^may :at least cany away more pleasing recolleetScns .than tbey can at present. .IVhat consolation is it sto tell a gentle man like Captmn Lawrence, after he fcas toiled across - the Peauttula, "WtTer mind, Sir, you ean, ,uow that j-ou: have xe&ehed; the Port, get into a railway.carriage and i go right on :to <5awler Town; and nest .year when I you come y*u4ri]lbe able to proced by rail to.-Section; 112, iu the Hundred, of Light ?" (A laugh^ He woul^ naturally say,41 My business is only at the Port,-but it is a most toilsome tasi^to get there, and I shall-fee-satisfied if you make tiaat anile passable." Now that the contract is taken for tibe new .bridge to be completed in eight months, no time ahoold be lost in eommeneisgitt tram way to connect the railway with the bcach. igropose to >ay a tramway spon the bridge and along the Govern ment road across the Peninsula to the Reserve. Ailight Barlow railcouidbeuecdjadspteutoa lightcarria^,iobe drawn by one horse running in connection with the teain6, andcarryingpaB8engersati2Are8ofsay6d.and3d.eaeh. A large traffic would certainly-apring up, as the population of the Peninsula now exceeds .2,000, and when the bridge is completed that population 4rill, there car. be no doubt, be considerably augmented, as there is plenty of freeh water found there. THERE «&£<be no fear that it will not pay an ample interest on the outlay, and I really cannot conceive a more desirablo locality for laying down a tramway. Then, with regard to the jetty, I do not think jthere can be two opinions as to f^e necessity for it, and | ?the advantages it would secure,. £t is true that the idea of a jet'y is just now unfairly assQci&ted; with an expen diture of £3o,000; but it should be recollected that Port Elliot, Guichen Bay, and Tankalilla jkave their useful an££nexpensive jetties. At Xoariuoga there is a jetty, a tccael, and a tramway in anticipatloii of future traffic, and it is really strange that a jetty and a tramway have not boen made at and to the principal Jasding-place of the cokuy. It is also proposed that a re?£&Qe; should be raised from persons osing the jetty, by pr>pftii« of a , small to*J. All that was wanted for a jetty was a plain substantia structure, and if the plan and election were confided te a practical »ian, like the weH-k$iawn Mr. Mockridge, -of Port Adelaide, he would engage that the cost would &e; moderate, and the work well done. If passengers a&d; their luggage coald be landed con | veyed to town an honr at & moderate cost, and sea | men hare cheap, easy, and constant access betnreca the beach and the Bort, the advantages of the proposed team way and jetty must be apparent. The best point for the jetty would, perhaps, require a work extending 600 or 700 yards to attain 10 feet at low water, and 18 | feet at high water spring tides. If the Glenelg Jetty I could be made available where it is I would not tbiuk of ! proposing another; but that, being 10 miles of£ is out of the question, having no connection whatever with the , shipping in harbour. Mr. G, YOUJSQ seconded the resolutions because he thought a great necessity existed for the work. There should be a jetty near the Pilot Station, and a tramway or 6ome sort of road across the Peninsula. That was so obvious that it was a wonder that nothing had been done to remedy evils that were a positive disgrace to the Port. He never yet heard an argument urged against those works, except within the last few ycair, that they would be or appear hostile to Glenelg. He thought that was more apparent than real. They were two very different and distinct placce, and the jetty at Glenelg could not bs made available /or vessels entering Port Adelaide. They did not want expensive works; and he was quite satisfied they would be remunerative. It was simply because individuals had called attention to that matter that it had bet n made the enbjectof special recom mendation 1 y a Government Commission, but after even that it was quietly shelved. The Ckaikuax read the passage referred to from the report of the Harbour and Jetty Commission, and re marked that he was not aware of the recommendation when he drew up his resolution. Mr, HAT did not consider that a fit question for the Chamber to take up. The Harbour Trust were at pre engaged in effecting improvements that would enable l^gc vessels to euter the harbour. He thought bars waa the best object connected ?? which money could be expended, as i en !e Ittden vessels to enter and discharge he heartl there WDuId be a sufficient aKthe Glenelg Jetty to enable steamers to Pfiirer tbwr roajjs, ana it would be better to d« «o there than to carry tliem ou to the Lightship. It should also be remembered that a large prop ntioa of the popula tion «.f the I'eui'isula wa< located upon, its cast side b.'inp employed in the shipbuilding yards, and otherwise in «onn ctioo with the Port. While the bridges would be vory useful to those people, the tramw »y would be seldom or never required by them. Then the bridge as at present need be constructed sim.-ly to sastaiu the ordinary horse traffic, but a heavier an I more expensive structure would be required if a tramway was to be car ried over it. lie thought, upou the whole, that the rcso lutions should be withdrawn for the present, as at! avail able funds could be best employed in deepening the har bour; and as to the uselessly expensive character of the Glenel^ Jetty, that was tho fault, not of the people, but the officials, who approved and adopted the plan. Mr. (FALL remarked, in reply to some of ilr. Hay's arguments, aj. a member of the Harbour Trust, that the proposed expenditure would not interfere with them. They were working at the outer bar, and hoped that before the winter set in they would have gained an addi tional depth of two feet. When that was done they had a work of still greater magnitude rcmainincr, so that, if ihe jetty and tramway were not to be commenccd until the iauer bar was removed, the present generation would not live to see them completed. If the bars were re moved, the uceessity for the jetty would still rem-un, as parties would laud, embark, and ship and deliver mails there all the same. There was and there would be a most pressing necessity for a jetty at the Semaphore, and the report referred to by Mr, Young' showed that the C jmmissioners appointed to survey the coast were or opinion that that was a proper place to build a jetty. By BO doing, there would be no injustice to any other part, while, by not doing- so, there was a monstrous injustice inflicted 011 the shipping interest. lie did not think St would be wise to withdraw the reso lutions. He should like to have the matter considered, and did not dislike to hear opinions which, like Mr. Hay's, were the opposite of those which he himself held. His opiufas was that they would not do justice to the commercial aud shipping interests until they had a jetty. ft was an old want, bat the delay did not arise from any Jack of urgency on the part of those who saw its necessity. Some unknown and unseen power thwarted the interests of the Port in that particular, and the money, given to the Haftour Trust was only the resuSi of a compromise, because a larger sum was wasted for other purposes ar.fi in a different direction. It was quite true that under the Trust important im provements were in progress, but even the completion oi those improvements would not remove the necessity for a jetty at the Semaphore. Mr. J. LINDSAY <jaite agreed with Mr. Hay that the pr -sent was not a time to discuss that questiou. The great argument of the last speaker was the Landing of the mails; but that was a purpose which could be bettor effected at Gleneig-. The only advantage which a vessel gained by lying at the lightship before sailing was that the seamen could not desert. He was sorry to bear & member of the Harbour Trust declare that they cosid not carry out an improvement considered so desirable in the lifetime of the present generation, lie begged to propose that the further consideration cf the resolutions be deferred for sfe months or longer, until the Gfeaelg Jetty was completed, and its operation tested. Mr. W. SCOTT thought it was not likely that tassels would call at the Gleneig Jetty. By so doing ther would lose one day, and might possibly lose several days. The proposed ^etfcy was absolutely necessary tor the pilots. Many times their boats get swamped, and their lives are endangered. The same thing had happened to the mail boats. -It t*2s most desirable t* have a:jett*^ Not au expensive a!xair, but such as would admit of boats pulling offt£ any tide. The tramway also coeM be made at a very moderate expense. At present great cost and labour'wcrc entailed on captains of vessels whose business frequently called them to the Port or City. As to the deepening of the water on the bars, that would not pre vent thg necessity for vessels lying occasionally outside. In fact, no captain WQB certain of keepibg his crew until the ship was out>ide, when the mm wocid be deterred from taking such a long swim as would be required to reach H:e shore. TLe CsA-iBMur, in reply to Mr. Main, said he had not made any estimates of cost, but, whatever the cost, the trtSEc would be remunerative. There would be no loco motive upon the tramway. The tees motives destroyed everything; they could not -pay their expenses. Mr. J. LINDSAY-Is it not an unusual thing, Mr. Chairman, to count proSts wfrerer-the cost is unknown? 'Can returns be calculated when the expense hdi not been ascertained ? TheCHAIBMAJT-It will be*for the Government to "make the necessary calculations as to an urgent public work. Mr. HAT would second Mr. Lindsay's ameudmeufe. Mr. BUBFOBD thoaght frcm-mrhat he heard that ajetfc was wanted at both places. He thought the matter should be fully discussc-*!, and the sooner it was brought before a Select Committee the -better. Mr. J. H. CLARE: recommended Mr. Lindsay to attsr the time in his amendment'to three months, as tfcerc would ia that period b-3 «notser general meeting of tfcc Chamber. He c&mc; there determined to vote on "the side which was supported 'fcythe strongest argunee^t; but he had t<> confess that he was not, after hearing what had been said, able t?=make up his mind. He felt that £-30,000 would not'iisrc been laid out upon a T^tty unless those who authorized the expenditure were "con vinced it was & wise outlay; but then if the proposed jetty was carried out, there would be little use for that at Gleneig. It would be used, merely, as had been said by one of the city members, as a promenade for nursemaids; and he ^ould not approve of such an outlay for such a purpose. Th? Par liament would not raefet for some months; and-If the question was deferred until the next meeting of the Chamber they would ^have an opportunity to diecuss it thoroughly, and of ^procuring such estimates -as the Government would .'reasonably demand before con senting to take the matter up. He thought a ven tilation of the subject for the next three months would not be amiss. The arguments in favour of the propo sition would- if soufleVgain force by the delay,»and the project be more likely to meet adoption. Mr. Lt5iDSi.Tr would alter the time to three months in the amendment. The CxA£BMU£r, 'i2. reply, remarked that the- subject had bceu already well discusscd-it had been under dis cussion for years, &nd; all the advantages and disadvan tages it Hwolved-flrrere well known. Had hemot been convinced of the -necessity which had long esictcd for the proposed worlds, he would not have bromrlit the matter forward. <Osptain Scott had borne him out by stating that lives-were endangered daily for want of the jetty; aud Mr. Ka^e argument,^) ashed to its eo»2lusion, wQuld go to show, that they must remove the Port. They wanted ajettfj for the commerce of the Port, where the business of fchb Port was carried on; they wanted accommodation for passengers and seamen at place where they really embarked or came on shore. Then as to delay. Every three months broughtats-cwa busi ness, whereas ths- resolutions, if carried, would ba sent to the Government, who could institute an eaeuiry into the representations of the Chamber, aud whai. Parlia ment met mightfce in a position to reeo£&mt.nd; a mea sure on the subjeet. He must press the resolutions whatever might fes their fate. The VicE-CEAiEitAN- put the amendment, and de clared it. lost by 2, the votes being 14 against: 4C. Mr. JlAsnrr would move another amendment, namely, that the further consideration of the resolutions be postponed until that day four months. It.'would be well to wait untilthe jetty in course of^enGtruction was completed, and thsu,if it did not answer its purpose, would be the time to bring forward the resolutions. Then they had nc information as to the probable cost of the proposed jetty, and they certainly were not ia a position to say that they could afford 6uch a woriu The VECC-CB" ITBVATT could not imagine that the Chamber would, after negativing delay for three months, agree to a postponement for four months. Mr. MAIK said ho>would second the amendment, which was perfectly in ordst. Mr. tfzsTi said & distance of 10 miles had feeec. men tioned, but thesaviqr of distance between Gleneig, Jetty and the proposed- sits-would not be more thantwo^niles, A vessel wculd run Xroo Cape Jervis to the Ligh&s;&p; in no greater difference of distance than two miles more than ifshetnade for Gltnelg Jetty. (Mr. Hector-*" No, no,") He <eonld refer to the very highest authority in proof of the correctness of what he said, and the most emphatic m£TQ, no"-could not set aside a matter vriuch admitted of instrumental demonstration. Mr. Minr would-remind the last speaker that if there was only a difference of two miles by sea, there JOSS a difference of fere miles bj land; and they had he&sd; a very sentimental description of the sufferings of skippers aft r landing in crossing^'fron the Semaphore. All that would be saved by .their. landing at the Gleneig Jett?, from whence t&ay; would h&ve; a short and good road Eo town. Mr. TotnfG considered- tf\ai even if tfee view taken bj Mr. Main and oiher^entlejaasn was correct, they should still remember that the steamers were not confined -tc theconveyance^ mails.; tiey brought also goods and: passengers, and there was not the same facility to rearh. town from Gleneig that was- fraud at the Port* He was' .Suite sure that the captain of a vessel bound up the Gulf for Port Adelaide, and -finding- that he could only save two miles by calling at Gleneig to land mails and passengers, and that he would afterwards have to go on the remainder of the -voyage, he would not deviate but go right on. The stealers, alsQ.osring to the late hour of departure, went pastiGlenelg- during the dark hours, ^ that- would not*be a convenient.-time to ship mails, Mr. HAT was of opision that the cost of the proposed work would make a good tramway to Gleneig, and that-. the subjeot generally should-be resetted for consideration by the Chamber. The YICB-CKAIBUAJF put .the amendment. There were for it 9, against it IS. He then.put the resolutions. There were for them 15 Against 8. He then declared the resolutions carried. Mr. MAC? proposed a vote of thauks to the Chairman, jchich was carried, and tkp proceedings terminated. ^THB WINE TKADE.-The Age of the 26th January has the following:-"The Register congratu lates the South Australians on the prospects of estab lishing a lucrative trade with England in native wines, if cara be taken to foster it by supplying good samples at a roodera'e price. Our contemporary is led to this remark by the following paragraph ex'racted from a .letter gest received from England by Mr. Hiram Mildred, of Adelaide:-*By-the-bye, how do jou get on with your wines;? I thought s:me of that I tasted just before I started for home was very superior. There has been a j?reat deal spoken about Australian wines bare le£ely; in fact, some of tfce publicans have large tickets -in their windows,*w Australian wines sold here.41 * It behoves us Victorians to be less ambiuous, and first produce wines for local consumption." THE WEITHBE ASTD THE CHOPS.-A. eorre spondcut at Port Elliot sends us the following:--**l see from the Observer you have received, from various dis tricts, very gloomy accounts of the wheat erops. I can sorry to say this district will by no means form an ezoep tion. Along the lakes the yield is said to be very defi cient, and on many farms in this neighbourhood where . the crops looked very promisiug, not even 10 bushels I per acre have been fathered from land which last year : yielded 16 and 17 boskcls. Indeed, taking the district altogether, I very muc&i; question whether our aggregate will be equal to last harvest, notwithstanding the addi tional land broaght under tillage. We have had several bush-fires within the last month, but the alacrity dis played by our police in summoning all the available assistance on every occasion subdued the element before its ravages extended auy great distance. The last few days have been characterized by the prevalence of exces sively hot winds. The thermometer stood ia the sun, 100 yards from the beach, at 140°; and I learn from reliable sources that rarioas casualties of a serious na ture have resulted." EXTRAORDINARY G-EOWTE OF VINE ROOTS. -A correj-pondei tsupplies the following-:-'. On Thurs day, 26th nit., as Mr« Charles Neat (of Walkerville) and his men were removing the bricks from a well in a gar den in the occupation of Mr. James Thomson, brewer, of Walkerville, their attention was attracted to the roots of a vine about four feet distant, which had grown down between the side of the well and the bricks. The roots were about an inch in thickness. The first* 15 feet in length, was taken ont in short lengths; the next, 17 feet, were taken out entire. Th? depth of the well is 36 feet. Most of the bricks taken from the bottom had pieces of root adhering to them. The roots, in their descent, ia places about a foot in length, had grown in a horizontal direction, passing through the joints of the bricks, which caused them to grow broad and thin, not more than one-eighth of an inch in thickness. One root, in its descent, grew through between the bricks into the well, and, after passing several layers of bricks, entered into its former position, and pursued its down ward course. lhe vine from which the root proceeded has been planted 17 years. A well was lately sunk in a lower situation in Walkerville, within fire feet of an almoud-trce, the trunk of which measures nine inches diameter. No roots were seen in striking the first feet; several were afterwards met with about an inch in diameter. Water was met with at a depth of 18 feet, where the roots were broken off full half an inch diameter. The tree has been planted f bout 14 years. The soil below where it has been trenched is feet, of Tery hard clay; the lower part is a ttiff brick earth." AXAHJI OP JIBE.--On Sunday evening an alarm of tire was given <n Carrie- street, at the house of Mr. Poole, chemist. It appeared that a candlc had by some means been capsized, and set fire to soma bedding, but the flames were fortunately extinguished, by the ap plication of a bucket of water, before any damage waB done. 