A BIRD'SEVE .-.VIEW ;OF VICTORIA, —~ •• . Wc.tatethp.tj^OTyii^ .jBtcres^g ac- % te^^SSoS* columns of the Mail :-Once clear of the buil&pgs; m the garden, and having discharged a bag : <>f ballast, the) balloon arose with some Rapidity, and I had barely._time. to. acknowledge the cheers of-die .crowd below,before I had attained an'elevation atwhich the sounds became inaudible. But^t^timesI could catch a sort of hum or murmur, and look- ing down I saw thousands of upturned faces in every street "and road surrounding the place from which I had taken my departure. After emptying some more sandbags, I attained'sufficient elevation to enable me to command an extensive field of vision, without -^together losing points of detail." Nothing' could be easier than -the motion of the balloon, or pleasanter than the. temperature of the atmosphere at that height ; and persons unaccustomed to such excursions in the air would have been thrown into raptures of delight by the magnificent spectacle which! witnessed, belovo of the setting sun and rising -moon atupposite ends of the: globe, both' 'luminaries - looming through the haze, the one like an enormous copper "warming jiań, and the other like a shield of gold I jonce saw at "Windsor Castle. - - What chiefly struck me, besides the difference in the. feel of the atmosphere, was the different color of tlie earth's surface as compared with what I had been accustomed to-see in balloon ascent^ at home. There, in the very height of summer, the fate of -die "country looked as green as a billiardtable, though variegated with patches of-yellow corn.- 'Here it assumes adirty buffcolour,mottiedwifh a greenish brown •wherever trees abound. I could make out the rectilinear outline of Melbourne very well, the streets running north and south being particularly well-defined, owing to tlie strong shadows cast from the houses by the setting sun. But the most beautiful terrestrial objects seen from the elevation at which 1 then was, were tbe Bay, and die ranges of mountains lying to the east and north east of ihe city. , The Bay resembled a torquoise in colour, and the «urvaof tlie shores.atithat height resolved itself into the most graceful and. undulating lines imaginable. The mountains on that side of them which was not opposed to the Betting\sun, were 'of a "rich purple, while there were fissures in them which were perfectly black; and'also* great masses of sombre^ehadow, which I suppose were caused by-the forest which in some places completely; coyer "the slopes to tlie very summits. ' . " . i saw bushfires burning in several directions—very ' little flame but a good deal of smoke 'being vi slblc*. • ; ' '. " I must not forget to mention another circumstance which struck We very much —'the extraordinary circuitous cótttśfe of tlie "river Yarra. Anything more "lanlas tic or erratic than the meand^rings of Jhis stream I never saw; and not having previously seen it depicted on a map, I was the more amazed when I surveyed all its turns, and windings, and sinuosities, from my observatory in the car. As Mr. Coppin had expressed considerable anxiety that I should return to the gardens aDd report'tlie success of thie experiment (of which neither he, nor I, nor Mr. Brown, Lad ever entertained a doubt), on the same evening; and as I am, as yet, imperfectly acquainted with this country, I .prepared to -decend, after having been travelling steadily onward'in a north-westerly direction for almost five and twenty minutes,-and accordingly commenced discharging gas.' On nearing the earth I perceived that plenty-of assistance, and nuraerousveliicles werc'at hand, end having effected a safe landing near what I was informed wasthe Plenty road, between seven and eight miles from Melbourne, I returnedto town with my machine in perfect safely^ and hope to have an early opportunity f of becoming better acquainted ""with Victoria from- a bird's eye point óf- view. - 