DAYLESFORD [from our own correspondent] January 25. Masonic Ball. — The close of the first day's races at this place on Thursday last was followed by an event of some importance to the residents on the Wombat and the surrounding districts, namely, a grand ball, given by the masonic order, at the Free mason's hotel, on the evening of the 21st instant. There could not have been fewer than 150 persons present, including all the officers of the lodge, wearing the insignia of the different degrees of the order, and several visitors from the neighbourhood of Castlemaine. The most perfect satisfaction was experienced by every guest in the large assemblage, and all expressed their admiration at the very excellent arrangements made by Mr. and Mrs. Brown,' the host and hostess of the hotel for the comfort and convenience of the company. Bush Fires are raging all around us— at Stoney creek, Doctor's gully, Spring creek, the dry diggings , and indeed in almost every direction. From the Wombat hill, look which way you will, the country seems in one universal blaze. The heat is almost suffocating. Many have declared this day (Tuesday) to be the most oppressive they ever experienced. Information of damage done has not yet reached this, but great" fears are entertained relative thereto. Country Courts. — The extension of these courts to the various petty sessions of the colony bids fair to afford increased employment to justices and their clerks. " In the district of Hepburn there are so many plaints already entered that, if things continue in the same way for any length of time, it will be difficult indeed to find two men who are not engaged in some suit, either as plaintiff or defendant. Some who have a number of very small debts out, are threatening proceedings against every person indebted. F. C. Doveton, Esq., P. M., and his clerk, will have plenty of work with their neighbors' affairs. Mining-.— The dryness of the weather is very much felt in these districts. Many miners have quite suspended operations through want of water, and have engaged themselves at other industrial pursuits for a season. When rain, now so much required, again falls upon the earth, miners will return to their old occupations, and bustle and activity will again, doubtless, prevail in these districts. _ Postal Mailers. — The Government has at length yielded to the wishes of the people of Daylesford, by the establishment of a post office here. On the 1st day of February it will open for the first time. This will he a great public convenience, and will be hailed as the harbinger of other great and much required improvements hereabouts. Medical Treatment. — Another correspondent furnishes us with the following ; — An Italian was thrown from his horse at Stuney Creek ; no contusions were visible except a very slight extrava extravasation of blood under the left eye, the man , was however, speechless : now for the old story— professional jealousy. Dr. No. 1 is called in to visit the patient, he takes a few ounces of blood from him, and administers a few grains of calomel : patient still senseless. Having then ascertained, by administering an emetic, that there was no internal hemorrhage, and that the patient was out of danger, our Sangrado went his way. Presently Dr, no. 2. appears on the scene, also bleeds copiously the fated mortal, gives likewise upwards of 60 grains of calomel : the victim dies, as Dr no 1 very sententiously observed to me " between him and me" (referring to Dr. No. 2') It is but due to add that the first doctor gave official notice so that the coroner might hold an inquest but to the surprise of a good many, no notice whatsoever has been taken by that gentleman.consequently the poor man was buried and the only verdict possible now is— Died of two doctors ! Odd fellowship. — The brethren members of this fraternity, meet to-night (Friday) at Br Hodge's Mount Franklyn Hotel. This will be the fist regular meeting since the inauguration of the lodge, about a fortnight ago. The Loyal Hand of Fellowship Lodge, M.U., will meet regularly every fortnight, at Brother Hodge's, and all brethren it is hoped, will do their utmost to assist this young offshoot of the parent stock. We received the following from our corrcspondent yesterday :— Thursday, January 28ih As too much caution cannot be given aw, in bushfires, I hasten to furnish you with the latest intelligence. Mr. Carroll, of the firm of Fullerton & Co., reached Daylesford by way of the Glenlyon last night. He had to ride through miles of fire on each side of him. At Fealey's on the Loddon the scene was frightful. Every soul that could be obtained was employed in staving off the flames from the outstanding crops. At the back of Fealey's Mr. O'Hea resides ; he has some fine cultivated property. Perceiving the danger to which his estate was exposed, he used everv effort to check the ravages of the devouring element ; in doing so, however, he suffered very severly, the soles of his shoes were burnt from his feet, his vest was destroyed, but notwithstanding his immense suffering he determined to brave danger to the last and finally succeeded in beating back the flames. Tents and huts for miles have been destroyed and their occupant- rendered houseless and homeless. Mr. Carroll says, on reaching Jackson's station he heard cries of distress from all quarters. He could not, how- ever, ascertain particulars of damage done, as he himself was in a highly perilous position, At Spring Creek, from the elevated ranges to Stan- bridge's fence, and the dry diggings, the fire raged fearfully. In the neighbourhood of that gentleman's estate as many as five hundred trees were burnt to the ground. During Wednesday night the intense heat and the fall of burning timber was truly alarming. Mr. Stanbridge it is " said, employed as many as one hundred men in ' the preservation of his property. He has however suffered much ; a large portion of fence and other property has been destroyed. It is painful to relate that much of the damage done has been caused by an incendiary. A miscreant was seen setting fire to the bush in several places, and the : settlers of the district are about offering a reward of £1000 for the apprehension of the scoundrel. The person who saw the wicked fellow in the commission of the foul crime, says he had a great ' mind at the time to seize him and drag him to ' the camp. Why he did not do so is somewhat strange, the performance of such a duty would have secured the grateful approbation of every , right-thinking person in the colony. The fire is travelling in the direction of Wombat, and if a wind sets-in in that direction, heaven only knows what will be the result. For the last two or three days we have scarcely been able to breathe. ' the heat has been overpowering, while nothing in the shape of cold drink could be obtained, each house being more like a furnace than a human habitation. This imperfect note cannot contain a report of one tenth of the damage which has been done, and to travel through fire in search of information is not very agreeable. Time, however will make matters known with all their horrors. It is hoped the property of Mr.Fealey : has been saved ; when Mr. Carrol passed, the fire had reached a tree in a field of oats, whether the party concerned succeeded in saving the crop, is not known here as it was impossible for that gentleman to loiter on the way. 