THE NEWS OF THE DAY. Tub proceedings in tho Assembly to-day are anticipated with unusual interest. The noticc papers for both Houses present a heavy nrorrr.i.mrrm : but tho chief feature of the business will bo tho resumed debate upon tho Reform Bills. Speculation is very busy as to the result, and it is said that 'the situation' has been materially altered since Tuesday last; but it would bo no easy task to detail all tho tumsrs current upon the subject. No news of the mail yet, as a matter of course, but tho Norfolk brings intelligence to the 28th of November. It appears that the commercial crisis still continues, numerous bankruptcies being announced, day after day. The general impression, however, seeihs to be that it has reached its climax, and perhaps the December mail will bring us intelligence of a complete restoration of com mercial confidence. Curiously enough, Russia, which had previously remained unaffected by tho monetary revolutions of tho old world, has latterly suffered from as great a scarcity of gold as other European countries ; and she will probably rcj main longer under tho influence of tho crisis. The Geelongites have been at length compelled to 'listen to reason,' and hand over the manage ment of their railway to the government. The negotiation is thus alluded to by tho Geelong Advertiser : — It is all but certain that tho Geelong and Melbourno railtvaygwill pass into the hands of the Government. A deputation from the company proceed this morning to Melbourne to negotiate the transfer, by prelimi narily laying beforo the lixeoutivo the nearest proxi mate account that can bo rendered of tho present posi tion of tho company's affairs. Oil public grounda, as well as for the benefit of tho shareholders, wo hopo that tho negotiation will terminate ultimately in tho ?transfer of tho whole property in tho line to tho Government, and yet for weighty reasons it is to bo regretted, that the advocatos and supporters of private ?enterprise should bo forced into such an ii'redemptive position, not broughtabout by their o-,vn acts, but by ?unforeseen circumstances among which tho failure of the Melbourne and Mount Alexander schemo stands primarily conspicuous ; and; scoondarily, the tardiness of tho Government in the construction of the Williams town extension. Against two auch impediments it was next to impossible that the Goelong aud Mel bourno Rnilway Compauy cculd raako headway. In fact, the lino has never had fair play, or rather it ought to bo said has never boon opened, which, as regards tho original project and tho lino in its entirety, is literally true. None would evor have advocated a lino to Williamstown from Geelong for a passenger traffic onty, and an enforced shipment of said passengers by steam boat from Williamstown t6 Melbourno by way of the Yarra river, or by tlio more complex mode still of cro3Hiii£c Hobson's Bay by steamer, shipping passengers from1 Williamstown, and disembarking them at Sand rid'e, to bo conveyed thence by a metropolitan suburban railvay to Melbourne ; add to this tho im possibility of UBing such a circumlocutory mode of transit for goods traffic, and tho posit'on of tho com pany demands generous treatment at tho hands efthe government, which, by undertaking the responsibilities of !tho defunct, bankrupt Melbourno and Mount Alexander Bail way Company, are chargeable equitably with the consequences, which havo frustrated the original scheme of the Goelong and Melbourne railway. We havo news from Now South Wales to the 6th instant.. The papers are almost wholly oc cupied with election matters. Tho following aro the additions to the Assembly : — County of Wel lington, George Henry Cox, old ; ' Phillip, Bris bane, and Bligh, John Robertson, old ; Welling ton and Bligh, George Lord, old; Clarenco and Darling Downs, Arthur Hodgson, new; County of Stanley, Henry Buckley, old; Stanley Boroughs, Benjamin Cribb, now ; John Richardson, old. For tho present, at all events, there seems to be a suspension of hostilities botween the Chinese and the Europeans at Ararat. We find the fol lowing in the Ararat Advertiser of Friday : — It was rumored yesterday that the Chinese men in tended turning out last evening and fighting the Europeans, but we suppose that they thought better of it, for wc heard of no outbreak up to the time of our going to press. There is probably nothing that the Europeans would liko better than that the Asiatics should commence a row of this description ; if thoy did, we don't believe thero would be a Chinaman on Ararat in twenty four hours. Ycstorday evening a meeting of Sunday school teachers connected with tho Church of England, was held in St Peter's school room, when a serie3 of resolutions opposed to the Education Bill, as affecting Suuday schools, were agreed to. A petition to both Houses of Legislature, founded on these resolutions, was also adopted. The following paragraph i3 extracted from a letter which has just beon received by a gentle man in Adelaide. It would seem to determine the question, as to which some dispute has arisen' as to tho inteutiou of tho celebrated congrega tional minister, Mr Binney, to visit Australia 'licindon, 10th Nov., 1857. I shall sail on the 20th December, by the Sultana or Royal Charter, in company with Messrs Poore, Binney, and threo other ministers, who are going, I belive, to Mel bourne, to remain there, oxcopt Mr Binney, and he only to visit his sons.' In default of parliamentary new3 tho Adelaide papers are devoting their space to a review of legislative proceedings, during tho year, artioles on the excessive heat of tho weather, and ur gent appeals to the good sense of the people in tho matter of costume. Tho thermometer, it seems, has been found to stand at 110°, and aun-strokes have been distressingly numerous. Bush-fires too havo proved destructive tp farming property. Tho liegister of Monday, the 1st instant, says: — - ; Tho grateful change which took placo on Saturday afternoon was sudden, and seem to have bden complete. At 1 o'clock p.m. the thermometer stood at 109 ° .iu. the shade. Beforo 4 o'clock it had fallen eleven' degrees, and this prior to the setting in of the southerly wind, which blew in the evening and reduced the tomporature very much lower. That wind blow fit fully at first, and at timo3 seemed about to chop round, and give place to heated winds from the north. But the sky indicated a change for the'better ; it had not at sunset that fiery glow which usually preludes a scorching day, and looked placid and cool. Yesterday thero was no symptom of a speedy recurrence of the heat; and during the whole day tho highest range of the thermometer with which wo are acquainted did not exceed 75 ° Far. It i3 difficult to express the sense of relief which the change brought with it. Our readers liL/ing felt tho delicious sensation will not require to have it described to thom ; and they must have observed its effects upon tho lower animals and the vegetable kingdom also. How gaily horses rattled along tho Btreets who throughout the day had seemed too much jaded to move ! How dogs ' bounded and cats gambolled ; and how cheerily crowed tho cocks as thoy and their feathered companions went to roost ! ISven the trees in Viotoria-square seemed to rustl.* with new life, and to toss their branches more jauntily into the air to shake off tho sombro brown with which sun and dust combined had encrusted them. The dullest aud most unpoetical people must havo seon that all nature . re joiced in the change, and themselves sympathised with tho joy around them. Wo understand that His Excellcncy tho Go vernor has signified his intention of opening the Exhibition of the Yictoria Industrial Society in person, at half-past three, on the afternoon of the 11th instant. . The entries are already very nu merous, and it is expected that the exhibition 'will prove. the-most satisfactory the society have ever J held j 