(From the Ooulburn Herald of Saturday.) TUB "WEATHER.-Notwithstanding the threatening appearance of rain in the earl/ part of the week, the atrnosphero has almost doily increased in temperature, and'yosterday was quita a summer's day. The instru- ments at tho Hospital record tho following variations of tomporatu.ro within the week:-Maximum heat in tho shade-Saturday, 70-4 ; Sunday, 70-0; Monday, 816 ; Tuesday, 80-0; Wednesday, 70 S ; Thursday, 80 0; Fri. day, 02-0. Minimum heat ot night- Friday, 53 0; Saturday, 53-C ; Sunday, 83-0; Monday, 40-0 j Tuesday, 53-4; Wednesday, 44-0; Thursday, 44*6. No "rain I during the week. 1 ",f i Busn FittES.-The inhabitants were gratifying thèm I selves about tho beginning of the week, that Uip^summcr j vis breaking up, and that autumn was about'setting in. i However the last twp days havo served ! completely to disappoint thcBe anticipations, the wcatUbr Havibg been excessively hot. \ To adel to tlio, exhaustivo hoatiof tho temperature. Goulburn appears to have been surrounded with , desolating .bush-fires. A, .dense ' mass of .smoke appeared above. the horizon all day'bri'Thursday and yesterday ia tho direction of Tarlo, Tho some appear- ances ,wore also observablo in tho direotion of Governor'H Hill. .Although a tiro is' not so dreadful a calamity in the country as in Sydney, it ia productiva of considerable injury to farmers. . And it is extremely reprehensible in any partios travolling when they do not,ase every pre- caution to extinguish the fires they may have ocoasion to light. In Viotoria travellers are subject to a penalty for omitting to do this, and very justly so, for in study ing_ their own convenience, men havo no right to endnu gor* tho property of others. Mr. DBNIEIIT.-A meeting was held last night, at tho Salutation Inn, for the purpose of considering the pro- priety of inviting Mr.. Deniehy to a publie dinner, pre vious to his departure from Goulburn. Tho attendance was numerous, and Mr. Fitzpatrick was voted to tba ohnir. A deputation having waitod on the honorable member for Argyle, it was found necessary lo abandon the project for a publio banquet, as Mr. Deniehy'a departure is imminent. It was therefore resolved to present bim with a suitable testimonial, and a committee was formed for tho purpose of carrying out the resolu- tion, of which Mr. Roberts was appointed Treasurer, and Mr. Walker, Seorotary. _ A subscription list was opened iu tho room, and a considerable amount was subscribed. 