SOUTHERN DISTRICTS (From tho Goulburn Papers of Saturday.) BUSH FIRES.-The inhabitants were gratifying them- selves about the beginning of the week that the sum- mer was breaking up, and that autumn was about set- ting in. However the last two days have served com- pletely to disappoint these amicipations, the weather having been excessively hot. To add to the exhaustive heat of the temperature, Goulburn appears to have been surrounded with desolating bush-fires. A dense mass of smoke appeared above the horizon all day on Thursday and yesterday in the direction of Tarlo. The same appearances were also observable in the direction of Governor's Hill. Although a fire is not so dreadful a calamity in the country as in Sydney, it is productive of considerable injury to farmers. And it is extremely reprehensible in anypart'c, travelling when they do not use every precaution to extinguish the fires they may have occasion to light. In Victoria travellers are subject to a penalty for omitting to do this, and_ very justly so, for, in studying their own oonvenience, men have no right to endanger the property of others. THE MURDER OF CONNAUGHT JACK.-Michael Ryan, alias Big Mick, who was charged with the wilful mur- der of John Kennan, alias Connaught Jack, at Gun- dagai, on the 18th May, 1857, and who since then has evaded the police and the warrant then issued for his apprehension, has surrendered himself up to the Gun- dagai police on the 26th ultimo. Ryan is a native of Ireland, 6 feet in height and 50 years of age. He is an old hand in the colony.-Herald. HORSE-STEALING.-An impudent case of horse-steal- ing occurred at Yass, last'week. A person named John Cummins went into the , Commercial Inn, fastening his horse outside. He placed two bottles of rum in a coat that was on the saddle ; ( he again went into the house for a few minutes and on going out to get his horse, found that it had been taken away. A warrant has been issued for the apprehension of John Sullivan, who is accused of the felony. The horse is of a bay colour, and branded OC on the near shoulder. Sullivan is an Irishman, about 45 to 50 years of age, hair dark, mixed with grey, and is supposed to have gone to Goulburn. EXTENSIVE ROBBERY AT WAGGA WAGGA.-Informa- tion has been received by the police that a tin cash-box and contents, the property of Mr. G. Forsyth, of Wagga Wagga, was stolen from that gentleman's place on the 12th February. The contents oonsisted of eighty-eight £1 notes of the Commercial Bank, fourteen £5 notes, thirty-three half-sovereigns, and abont £22 in sovereigns. Suspicion is attached to two men, one named Monsey, a little man, about 30 years of age, has no whiskers, and very bad eyes : he was riding a black mare, branded J H with W underneath, a very fresh brand. The other man's name is John ft. Jones, of sandy complexion, and was riding a bay horse. TUENA.-We are informed by a gentleman from this gold-fi " I, that though there is not much water for dry digging, there is sufficient for the puddling machines. There are eight of these at work, all of which are doing well, and four more are being built. Though therehavebeennoremarkably lucky findsoflato, there is no grumbling, and all are making a living, and appear to be satisfied with their earnings. The diggers and. storekeepers have long expeiienced the incon- venience, risk, and consequent anxiety, attending their having to retain large parcels of gold on hand, and transmit it to Goulburn by private hands. Many fields of less pretensions to importance in respect to population, and of less prospective capabilities than the Tuena, are favoured with escort communication. And finding the many inconveniences of the present ststa of things, the storekeepers, buyers of gold, and some oi the diggers, have spoken to Mr. Commissioner Griffin, who promises promptly to place the matter before the consideration of the Government, provided he is assured that the monthly produce of the field yields 500 ozs. It has been intimated to the Com- missioner, that the five principal stores have, for the last ten months, taken an avercge of 700 ozs. of gold a month between them. It is to be hope that this fact will urge the Blow " consideration" of the Government to a quickened activity, and to the palpable conclusion of the necessity of extending the escort without delay to Tuena._ 