POLITICAL. WHAT THEY THINK OF AUS TRALIA. (From the Times). Oar colonists in the various regions of the world are apt to complain that we think very little about them. Some times this feeling is expressed with a bitterness which is not very unnatural. They themselves always have the mo ther country in their thoughts. They talk of a voyage to England as ' going home,' tbey interest themselves in our Ministerial crisis, our Koyal births or marriages, our Great Exhibitions, and all the little events ot the day. London gossip is duly transferred from our newspapers to the colonial broadsheets. Our wars, our alliances, our exploits iu India or China, are, of course, matter* of Imperial importance, and a journal ftt the antipodes will write wilh the ut most ?erionsness on the Bolgrad ques tion or the two engineers at Naples. So when the flag is run up to announce that the steamer is coming in, when half the population comes down to the Wharf to get the first piece of news, when the great bags have disgorged their piles of newspapers and the colo nist glances over them to learn, the la test facts and opinions from bis own or bis father's land, he is often apt to be somewhat sore at finding bow little notice is taken at home of some event in the colony which he and his friends thought must have pleased, or grieved, or astonished, or made anxious the folks in the old country. He finds, of course, oertain intelligence duly given, the price of wool, or sugar, or coffee, the advent of the new Governor, or the accouche ment of the Commpnder of the Forces' wife. Bat beyond a summary of news there il nothing in the English papers about the colony ; no letters, no articles, no congratulations on their thriving state, no sympathising notice of their new institutions. The only piece of news shoot themselves is that they are to have two more Bishops sent oul, to ob tain which boon their present pastor has been paying a round of visits in Eng land for the last eighteen months. Un happily, the things on which we think ?Da talk most of, are just those which are most disagreeable, and if our speeches in Parliament and our articles in newspapers relate more to countries nearus.itisnot from any sympathy with them, bnt from sheer necessity. Indeed (lie wish of Lord Chesterfield, that this island were able to cut its cables, must often occur to an English politician, heart-sick of this old gangrened conti nent of Europe, with its Imperialists, ita Legitimists, iu Fusionists, its Alma naeh de Gotha, its conscriptions, its 'nationalities,' its patriots, its assas sins, its ' solidarity of the peoples,' its 'publicists,' its diplomatic notes, its 'legitimate demands,' its coups d'etat, itsj espionnage, its bourse jobbing, and all the weariness and expense and unea siness which they bring upon us ! The English people do indeed feel that nature ia ' bound fast in fate ' when, with all the wish to be a free and happy people, they are linked, the living to the dead, wish such a system as prevails elsewhere in Europe. Our own situation occu pies, and must always occupy, our first thoughts ; but, as the overworked de niaen of a great town seeks for relaxa tion in the view of the green fields, we may ?ometimes turn from the dreary political work which presses on us to the contemplation ot the happyy com munities which our countrymen have formed in other lands. Oar letters from Australia have some thing poetical and idyllic about them, ?0 fresh is the social and political life there described, and so striking the Obntrast with home usages and tradi tions. . Nature, which peopled the land with birds And beasts unknown to other regions, ought certainly to give new impulses and habits to the children of men *lu- settle there. When the emi grant's children . t-et sail for this new vrpt)& they are Ridding farewell not only to old localities, but to old habits «f thought which are ingrained Into the . ?tee. They are going to a place where Christmas-day is iu the hottest season, fad where 'Midsummer-day' is not ia summer at all ; where the early violets if there be any, will pei!p out in July, ind the leaves begin to fall iu March. When they read English books they will be all at fault. The young ladies who get sentimental novels from the library will have to make astronomical corrections in the most thrilling parts. 'A heart cold as December's suow' will be merely a paradox, and '- the bit ing north' they will only associate with a hot wind from the interior, aud the thermometer at 120 degrees. Austra lia may certainly be taken as the strong est test of British individuality. It is said that an Englishman will live in Paris or liome without changing his bnbils, but what are these to a country where his very language must sit upon him like a garment which has been put on with the back part foremost ? Yet it would seem that our countrymen are in the southern hemisphere just what they are at home. The factB of the solar system cannot prevent them from doing what they have been accustomed to do. On Christmas-day last the ther mometer was 110 degrees in the shade, and 139 in the sun. The heat ' was aggravated by bush-fires in various parts of the country.' If et the day was celebrated with the same viands as in our own frosty December. This, however, is a small matter. But it will be seen how completely political affaire a*-a t\\\n /inntitaimart. nf urVtat. f.n1rt*R nlnpj- at home. Victoria is in the agonies of a Reform Bill. The ballot has been established for some time, and, ' under Mr. Duffy's Act,' the property qualifi cation has been abolished, Last session 'manhood suffrage' wai granted, and every male of twenty-one years in trusted with a vote, a plurality of votes being given to freeholders according to their various possessions. Now, how ever, Ministers have introduced three dills — one to shorten the duration of Parliaments from five to three years, another to increase the number of mem bers and equalise the districts, another to regulate elections. The third intro duces the important principle of the representation of minorities. So we find this new community at Ilie other side of the world discussing just the same questions as ourselves at home, the only diflerenee being that.as itis na tural where all are independent and well employed, the principles ol' legisla- tion are more democratic than at home. In spite of Karl Grey, we have no doubt that the Victorians will be able to work out for themselves an excellent scheme of representation and selfgo vernment. There is no more reason that they Bhould be unfitted to deal with their own affairs than the people ol the United States ; and the imitation of English forms which they cultivate g\ves every reason to believe that Eng lish moderation will not be a stranger to their assemblies. 