POLICE. OIT? COURT. Wednesday, 27th January, 1858. (Before his Worship the Mayor and Messrs. I Long and Cashmore.) Dougal Cameron, Eliza Campbell, Henry Clugston, Andrea Merris, Peter Sanderson, Bernard Jones, Alexander Wiley, William Allen, and Oathorlne Coleman were fined lOi. each for drunkenness. Jemmy, an aborigine, was discharged. Michael Blood was charged with having Go- vernment property in his possession, for which he was unable to account. The prisoner, it appeared, had made an attempt to pawn some blankets and Borne linen which bore the Go- vernment brand. The prisoner stated that he had been in chargo of Government property in Van Diemen's Land, and when he left the country he took the articles in exchange for others which be left behind him. The prisoner was remanded until Friday, the apprehending constable. Sergeant Bagar, expressing an opinion that the prisoner was a "bolter" from his Bontenco. Sarah Pearson, a lodginghouse-keeper, in Fitzroy-street, Collingwood, was again brought up on remand from the previous day,.on the charge of stealing articles of jewellery and wearing apparel, the property of John Phil- potts. The Mayor said the prosecutor in this case should have summoned the prisoner, for an illegal detention of property. She was dis- charged. Philip Ryan, for an aggravated assault on Police Constable King, at Broadmeadows, was sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labor. BUSH Fires.-Vague reports were in town yesterday afternoon of extensive conflagra- tions in the direction of Gisborne and Castle- maine. No authentic information, however was received to confirm these. If the destruc- tive element raged with half the fury rumour assigned it, it would be quite possible that some of the telegraphic poles would bo consumed, and communication thus suspended. The heat which has pre- vailed for several days, and the exceedingly oppressive state of the atmosphere yesterdav evening, predisposed the mind to put cre- dence in any report, however disastrous. i A Fame Alarm.-Immediately after the adjournment of the Assembly yesterday even- ing at the usual dinner hour, the atmosphere in the direction of Prahran, which had looked peculiarly hazy all the afternoon, beoame sud- denly overcast, and dense volumes of white vapor, bearing a strong odor of burnine grass and bruBh, rapidly rolled over towards the Parhamont Houses. So thick was the mist that it completely shut out the view of objects not within two or three hundred yards of the building. A man in the court- yard stated that the whole of Prahran was, burning, and that there was an enormous bush lire at Mount Erica. Ill news soon travelled and bon. membora residing in that direction' promptly left thoir dinners and ascended to the leads, which command an extensivo view. No flames were visible, however and several gentleman, acquainted, no doubt, with the peculiar features of bush-fires, pronounced thei vapor to come from a large conflagration pf that kind at some distance from Melbourne. This announcement cauBod great relief to many present. i-RiNOEss's 'Iheatke.-The Misses Gougen heim hayonot displayed their usual tact and judgment m the selection of "Lilian Ger- vais," a melodrama of the old Coburg pattern -such a one as Miss Vincent used to harrow the feelings of the Play-going population of the New Out in, and meit the tender hearts of trane-poutlnecostermongera, by exhibiting to them the moving speotacle of humble virtue in distress and tearful beauty with her hair out of curl and the artificial bloom discharged from her pallid cheeks. The play, Uko Marianna in the Moated Grange, is very dreary ;" and in that respoct servos as an excellent foil to the afterpiece in which wo meet the sisters upon their owa ground, and enjoy the genteel comedy of the one, and the exuberant spirits and ovorflow ÎF-M fa,uJ?f the other. Such pieces as the "RoughDiamond," and "Nan, the Good for Nothing,' are worth any quantity of lach- rymose and domestic dramas of the " Lilian Gervais" stamp,- and the public evidently think sp, for while they moroly ondure the' latter, they thoroughly enjoy, heartily laugu at. and cordially applaud tho farce. The Weather,-Tho heat of the weather Saturday, 'Sunday, und Monday, was ex- treme, and its effoots were plainly visible in the jaded faces and languid carriage of every oi.o we met. We have nover, during a Ion« residence in the colony, known three such hot days follow consecutively one on the other. On Saturday, at 1 o'clock, tho ther- mometer stood in theshadoatllG0; on Sun- day the temporature was slightly lower ; and yesterday it was more intense than either. Even so late as between 4 and öo'olock the thermometer stood 109° in the shade.-Mary ? lorough Advertiser. Fatai Acoident at Aumstronq's.-Wo regret to learn that a miner named John Jordain was killed at Armstrong's on Thurs- day. He was working at Eaglehawk, ia a drive, when a large quantity of earth cavad down on him, thus causing his death. Au ; Inquest was hold by Dr. Girdlestone on the | unfortunate decoased; and upon tkeexaml . nation of threo witnesses, the jury returned a' verdict of "Accidental death," The poor mau', died entirely destitute of moans, and was i burled at the expense of hiB mates.-Mary' I lorough Advertiser. 