BUSH FIRES IN VICTORIA. (From tlu Argiu; December 26.) ' The country pnpers reoeived yesterday teonvwitl reports of bush'fire» burning in all directions.' Tb Miner's Right says:-"Tho whole country is on fire Mount Alexander is a mass of flames-north, south east, and west, bush Ares are raging. The glare ii oppressive, and the atmosphere scorching. When Pan dora's box was opened, a long train of ills flaw out,4iu hope remained ; and wo have one consolatory refleotior under cur misfortune, namely, that these fearful fl rei must bring rain in their wake." Under dato Wednes day evening, half-past 7 p.m., tho same paper says: " The bush fires have reached to tho batik of the Únior Hotel, Barker's Creek, about three miles distant. Tin treos aro on fire, and immense volumes of smoke en rolling over Castlemaine. The lurid flames are ver] distinot and appalling. Immense damage will bo dane Residents in the outskirts should destroy tho gras: round their dwellings, or they will be m great danger We aro informed that tho heat is quito ns groat as tho on the celebrated "Black Thursday." The Fire Brigadi should be on the alert. Large fires aro visible in al directions, comprising nearly the whole sweep of th< horizon, especially towards tho Mount Barker's Creek Tarrengower, and Fryer's Creek. " Wo trust that Tar rengower may not experience a similar fato to Ballaarat -flooded one week and burnt the next." At half-past 8 p.m. the samo evening, appears tlx following report:-" A strong wind from tho south hat just sprung up. This will drive tho flames on Barker': Creek from the town, and indioates rain, which, if il comes, will be most thankfully received." The Ballaarat Times says:-"In tho- course of th( day (Wednesday) columns of smoke wore seen to aris« from the woods surrounding the town, indicatory of hush fires ; and those, we have bien informed, wera fierce and numerous. A gontlemnn, whoso business obliged him to travel in tho course of tho day, informs us that, in thc course of his ride, be pasBed through miles of burning hush, and that tbe utmost carefulness on his part wat required to escape tho burning branehe«, whioh over nnd anon droppod from tbo trees. The Buninyong forest was on fire during the greater part of tho day, and from tho foot of Mount Warrenheip a smoko was seen tc ascend, which betokened a fire of groat extent and fierce- ness. From tho Bulla Rook forest and from tho woods beyond Creswick the Bama indications of fire proceeded, and wo expect to hear from thoso quarters of extensive conflagrations. At Portuguese Gully tbs ground vegeta- tion was on fire, and at the Springs wo regret to say a large breadth of Btanding crop was destroyed, as well as some farm houses. The particulars have not yet reached us, but will be given in a subsequent issue. After night- fall accounts of bush fires in tho surrounding country continued to reach us ; but, as it is probable that the fears of the narrators lcd them to exnggorato the fads, wo refrain from publishing all we liavo heard, Among other talcs of disaster, it bas been reported to us that the Trial Saw Mills were destroyed, which we trust will prove incorrect.. The appearance of Mount Warren- heip at night, as viewed from the town, was wonderful and grand in a high degree. Il seemed ono mass ol flame, and tho conical configuration rendorod it strik- ingly like a volcano in a state of eruption. With reference to Mount Warrenheip, moro specifi- cally, the Star observes :-Had n stranger, unac- quainted with bush fires, but aware of tho volcanio origin of our picturesque landmark (Mount Warren- heip), visited us for the first time on Wednesday after- noon ho would probably liavo noted in bis diary tbat, among our other wonders, wo are in possession of a real, live, flre- spouting volcano, and that tho fires of Wnrrenheip, so .long silent, had ngain burst forth with redoubled fury. During tho past winter n g,*ent many Ireus on tho slope and nt the baso of tho Mount have heen cut by the splitters employed in that neighbour- hood, leaving, as a matter of course, a vast nmotint of brush and dry fallen timber. Tho hush fires' which were turning on Wednesday forenoon around the Mount, to the oloso of tho afternoon began to approach its base, ' and obout seven o'clock, when tho wind changed to tho southward, they began to creep slowly up its slopes. As the evening darkened the progross of the flames upwards could bo dis- tinctly traced in a bright fiery trail on tho sides of the Mount. The smoke, which hung for some time about tho side, cleared itself away from tho very summit, ns if issuing from n crater on tho top. To add to this deludion, the timber which had been cut down in tho formation of the gop on the summit for the railway survey caught firo, and blazed brilliantly in the darkness. Tho speotaolo was a striking one, and greatly attraoted tho attention of our citizens during the evening. Tho .Bendijo Advertiser lins the following :- Several bush fires wero apparent all round tba horizon on Wed- nesday. One, of apparently immense magnitude, in tho direction of the Whipstick, all day sent up dense columns of smoko. In tho evening n bush firo or Iorgo extent, in tho direolion of Lockwood, throw a bright reflection in tho heavens which impressed many with tho idea that a firo had occurred somowhero in tho town* ship, but Bimilur appearances wero observed in various directions. CASTLEMAINE.-Novor sinoe tho celebrated Blnok Thursday bas such a mnss of firo provailed in this dis triot as was observable on Wednesday. * Tho sight from Mount Alexander was awful in tho extreme. From that altitudo n spootator oounted no less than twenty-one distinot fires, blozing at intervals in a semicircle, ex- tending from Jim Crow through Newstead, Tiirron gowcr, and on to the Mount, a dislanoe of thirty or forty milos. To tho inhabitants of tho town it soerood, on Wednesday evening, ns if thomsolvos and thoir pro- perty wero doomed to destruction by tho belt of fire with whioh they were surrounded. About nino o'clock o vnst body of firo was plainly disoorniblo on tho vostorn faoo of tho Mount ; tho flames gradually onnroaohing on fresh timber, and threatening to aonvert tbo whole hill into ono grand conflagration. To ibo left volumes of light rod smoko were asoonding from the burning forest near Walmer, and tho firo appeared nt intervals up to Barker's Creek, whoro tho interposition of a road stayed its further progrese, or mnoh property must havo boen dostroyed, inoluding tha extensive doiry of Messrs. Stack and Co. Tho gross on the banka of tho Creek, near tho crioket ground, was nllght, but tho scantiness of tho herbage provonted tho communication of fire lo tho underwood nnd treos on tho adjacent range. Tho heavens glowed Uko a furnnoo in tho direction of tho firos, and prosontcd nn awful nppenmnco. Tho bent during tho dny was intense. Tho violent hot wind which provnilod wos made holler hf ils pnssngu through tho Imming woods, nnd Hmoto upon tho faces of tho pooplo with o most opprossivo offuut. This lastod until obout half-post nino, when tho wind snddenly changed lo the west, nnd in tho ooureo of tho night a few showors foll, which probably lind tho ofïoot of checking tho further progross of tho fiamos. On Thursday tho nfmosphore was doligthfully cool, and thorn wero no perotptiblo indications ol tho Aros. Whether tho ooonr ronco of Aro in so many places was the result of ocoidonls or natural onuses, wo aro un.ibto to say. Wo hnvo henrd ono cause nssignod, whioh npponrs to passas* some do groo of probability-namely, that tho bottom of nu ordinary glass bottlo may not aa a foous, nnd oononntrnto suoh nn amount of heat on small dry stiuks ns to ignito them, nnd thus origitinto n largo onnllngrniion. Thu firos appeared to ho raging in tho immedinlo neighbourhood of sotllod loonltlloB, whero bottlos most do congregate, nnd this moyho thought to fnvanr tito theory, lt ls nlso true, howovor, tho', it In in tho neigh, bonrhood of snttlemonts Hint oarolossnosB or ignornnoo on tho pnrtof nn individual mnyproduoo tho snrno olfoot. As tin iustnnoe, wo ninymontlon that Borne children pur- posely sot Aro to somo dry gross on Winter's Flot, for umÚHDhiont, nnd hod not somo children of larger growth put « prompt stop to thoir rulsobiovous paslimo, Castle* nuioe itself might not bara escaped without injary> Mount Alexander Mail. . CAMPBELL'S CHEEK.-Oar correspondent refera to tba Ores in the following term« :-" On ascending any of tba - higher ranges here, the ravage« of bush fire« may bo traced at almost evory point of the horizon. : Tn «om* directions, where no atmospheric currents preval), tall pillars of smoke «boot np into the heated air, and expand towards tboir summits Uko tho discharges from a vol« cano ; while in other parts a stiff wind beats down the smoke, and spreads it in n thick lead-coloured veil over tho landscape. Dy a slight effort of tho imagination it would be easy to fancy oneself in tho centre of. a vast ' manufacturing district, with innumerable furnaces i vomiting forth from their stony throats denso volâmes of tuidecotn poped cnrbnn. On Saturday or Monday a fire . broke out in the grass adjoining tho mad, and bad tba mischief not been detected in time, considerable damage mijjht have been done. While two men were putting np n tent about half-way down the deolivity botween tho OM House nt Homo and tho John o' Groat's, they suddenly perceived flame stealing ' along tho ground nnd rapidly extending, in a fanlike simpo under a strong wind. Fortunately there were some bushes at band, which supplied the means of arresting ' tho progress of tho fire, not, howover, till it had spread over an nren of between fifty nnd ono hundred feet square; But for the presenco of tho men on tho spot where the grass first ignited, n conflagration might have ensued, which would bave swept away tents, fencing, and every combustible objcot on that side of the oreek. - The fire is supposed to have originated from tho ashes of a pipe or a cigar, which some passer by had carelessly thrown down. The man who could be guilty of so thoughtless an act deserves tn be sevorely punished for bis unpardonable stupidity.-Ibid. MUCKLEFORD.-Wo learn that a field of hay, belonging to Dr. Hache, nt Muckleford, had been destroyed, and that great difficulty was experienced in preventing tba fire spreading to other produce.-Ibid. .> .:> YACKANDANDAH.-Several Inrga bush fires» are barning on tbe ranges in tbo vicinity of the Upper Yackandandah and of Nine Milo. Tho form or particularly have been very severe and oxton sive. Wo have " not heard of any accident hnving attended them.-Ovens Constitution, December 22. DAYLESFORD.-A correspondent of tho Mount Alex- ander Mail writes:-Bush fires are now (Wednesday, 2 p.m.) raging around us, and muoh damage, we fear, will be done. Tho smoke is almost suffocating, and the heat intense. Some mischief has already been done, and 1 fear it will be my duty to record many a tnlo of woe. A horse waa burnt to death noar the Loddon. Tho poor creature was hobbled and on tbe Castlematao-road. Mr. Whitworth, of Wombat, saw the pnor animal, and took off the bobbles, drew it from the flamen, and gave it some water, and finally left it at a coffee-house near Fryer's Creek road; At this time many places wera in danger, and Mr. Whitworth, ray informant, was compelled to roturn, so floreo wera the fires. . DUNOLLY.-On Wednesday the bush towards Coch- ranes was one tremendous conflagration. Between Dunolly and Inkermann, and thosa diggings, the. fire WM t aging on both aides of tbo roads with un intensity that can scarao'y ho imagined. Immense trees and large boughs wero falling in evory direction, and tba flumes wero curling in the highest branches. A store keeper of Dunolly, in a light cart, assured us that ho had a narrow escape from heing hommed in hy tbe fire. A party of horsemen to and from Coohrano's, suffered most fearfully in the journey. Tho heat they described ns intense, nnd the dunger from falling trees and branches "nnytbing but pleasant. \ Three times the horses refused to face the flames, and. were with diffi- culty urged on. Some fears were entertained for Mr. Coohrano'fl home station, and for tho largo piddocks in the neighbourhood of Old Dunolly. (Dy later intelli- gence we understand that Borne of Mr. Cochrane'* crops bnvo koon destroyed.)-Maryborough and Dunolly Advertiser. 1 AIARYROROUOH.-For some days previously the heat had been very great, but on Wednesday the wind in- creased to a perfect gale, increasing the heat tenfold, tearing up trees and carrying away loose canvas wher- ever found. Many a digger's tent suffered the loss of its fly ; and not only privnte buildings but publie ones also felt tbo severity of tho palo. The Wesleyan Chapel, nlthough roofed with zinc, did not escape, one-half of tba roof being taken clean off. Part of the fly of the hos- pital was carried away, and many other places suffered damage. All day long extensive bush-fires filled the air with a dense vapour, making tbe rays of tba sun appear of a bright orango tinge, and objects at a distance almost invisible. It was reported that a large store at tba Alma had been burned, but on inquiry, the report was found to be incorreot. About eight o'clock in tho evening, tho wind suddenly veered round to the south- west, accompanied by a few dropB of rain, and towards morning a brisk breeze from the south completely oooled down tho over-heated atmosphere.-Ibid. WARRENHEIP.-All day Thursday, various rumours were afloat respecting loss of life and proporty among tho flames raging round Warrenheip, It was stnted at ono time that moro than ono of the snw-millK, besides the Warrenheip Hotel, were consumed, mid thnt soma score of lives lind been lost." From later nnd moro cor reot information wu have learned that tbusb rumours wero greatly exaggerated versions ol the rent* facts, which ure these :-The bush was first observed to be on firo about noon, somo twenty ya ctn to windward of Clarke's saw mills, nt tho Springs. Tho men were instantly called out to nrrest tho llamos, but ero this could bo accomplished portions of the fluming bnrk wero enrtied to the mills by the high wind then prevailing,nnd it was soon seen that to save thu baitdings wns impos- sible. Tho encinos, however, were uninjured! nor were there nny lives lost. The adjacent hotel was also saved from thc flame.". Wo aro informed thnt none of the other mills on Warrenheip havo been injured. The bush-fires wero visible nil yesterdny, and wi 1 probably continuo to blnzo for some days longer in tho thiok forests thnt stretch down nnd nwav bovond the slopes of tho Mount. -Ballaarat Star. 