BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH. Melbourne, Wednesday Evening. The Legislative Council assembled at ten minutes past four o'clock. Shortly afterwards his Excellency the Governor arrived, and in presence of the members of both Houses, gave his assent to the Oaths of Office Bill. After he retired, the only business transacted by the Couucil was the con- sideration of- Mr Fawkner's motion for the formation of a printing committee, wliich was carried. The Council adjourned at a quarter to five until Tuesday next, when Mr Mitchell hoped the Appropriation Act would be ready to lay before them. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. The Assembly met at 4.24 p.m., and was immediately summoned to meet the Governor in Council. Upon resuming Mr Wood asked the hon. the Chief Secretary When a Warden will be appointed for the Omeo Gold Field. In reply, Mr Haines said that a police constable was acting as Warden and the necessary buildings were in csurse of erection. The remainder of Mr Wood's questions in reference to the Omeo Gold Field were postponed until í hursday, to be .answered by Mr Michie. Dr Owens asked the Hon. the At- torney General As to the construction of the Act for the recovery of Small Debts. As clause XXII. provides for two Justices of th.; Peace to make an order for the payment to com- plainant, under what mtohrity can euch order be enforced ? Mr Michie in reply, entered into a long explanation, and repeated that it was not his duty to give opinions on points of law in the House. Mr Aspinall presented a petition from the propiietors of the Miner's Right newspaper, asking for an inquiry as to why the Mount Alexander Mail had obtained the contract for the electoral printi ig required, while th.ey had tendered at the same price. Mr Haines brought up the report of the Select Committee upon the Elec- toral Bill. The report was read. It sanctioned the representation of mi- norities, but it was not agreed as to the distribution of the electoral dis- tricts. Mr Haines gave notice that to-mor- row (Thursday), he should move that the committee be discharged. Mr Haiues moved, contingent on the progress report of the select committee being brought up That the bill for shortening the duration of the Legislative Assembly bo committed on Thursday, 28th January. Agreed to. The House then went into committee on the Estimates,aud passed the various items connected with works and build- ings at Goldfields, 6,600/; police buildings, 20,000/. ; gaols and gaol buildings, 68,500/. ; penal establish- ments, 52,000/. : court houses, 34,955/.; no d offices, 2,950/. ; military build- ings, 1£,000/.; survey offices, 3,400/.; lighthouses andvessids, 15,500/. ; elec- tric telegraphs, 26,200/ ; post office buildings, 30,000/. The following items were included for the Ballarat dis- trict :-Warden's office at Buninyong, 400/. ; towards completion of gaol at Ballarat, 3000/- ; erection of a court- house at Buninyong, 2000/. ; the same at Ballarat East, including fittings, 1000/. ; completion of post offices at Ballarat, Beechworth, Castlemaine and Sandhurst, a share of 1500/. (Left discussing miscellaneous esti- mates. Melbourne has to-day been com- pletely enveloped in smoke. Accounts of bush- fires are pouring in from five different directions. The country between Kyueton and Gisborne is re- presented as bsing wrapped in names. The temperature during the day has been 118 degrees in the shade. 