WESTERN DISTRICT. (From the Bathurst Free Press of Wednesday.) Mysterious Dbatb.-News reached town yesterday that a man, eomtnonlv known oy the name of "Carney'« Ned," but whose proper name we have been unable to discover, had died suddenly after baring received a Mow, infiicted by a yoting man named Gilligan. On enquiry wo bollere tho following to be a pretty correct version of the case : It appears that on Friday last the young man Gilligan was stopping at Mr. Chandler's boase, the Bushman's Inn, at Summer Bill, and having just re- ceived intelligence of tho death of his sister, was giving way to the manifestations of grief natural ander such circumstances, when the deceased came up and jeered bim. Gilligan then gave him a alight blow, which, however, caused him to fall buok, striking his head against a form. So far as we can learn, he uttered no complaint at the time, and was drinking hard for several days after. On Monday he complained of illness, and died about four o'oloclt In the afternoon. Gilligan was yesterday arrested in Bathurst, and taken in custody to Summer Hill, to await the result of an inquest. Maw Lost ra thk Busn.-We learn from Mr. George Lee, who has just returned from the Bogan, that about a fortnight ago a Port Phillip dealer in stock was lost in the bunh, and that up to the timo of his return-some three or four days afterwards-no tidings had been received of him. The circumstances of the case arc these. Two parties from Viotoria rodo up to a station on the Bogan about the timo specified and remained for the night. On tho following morning they started for their horse«, which had been turned out on the previous night, when one of them m ado off, and his owner when last «con was in pursuit. Not returning in the course of the day, his mato and a biack-fcllow started in quest of him, and although they came upon tho tracks, both of man and horse, they did not Buccced in coming up with either. On the following morning two black-fellowB started upon the traok, which they followed np a distance of ten miles in the direction of the Lachlan, observing na they passed along that in some places the imprint of his feet were clearly discernible, whilst in others they dis- appeared, thoso of the horse alono being seen, from which cir- cumstances it was evident that he had overtaken his animal and occasionally mounted him. . After beating about until completely wearied they cam« upon tho horse, but saw nothing of the missing man, whoso only chance of safety consisted in his making for the Lachlan, a distance of about twenty miles from the spot where tho horso was found ; bat as there is not a drink of water in the intervening country, it is much to be feared that be bas perished. When he started away he bad upon his person from £300 to £400 in notes, whioh ho intended to lay out in stock. It will bo recol- lected that it was in tho »T f«Arfully ar d country that Mr. Stewart lost his life somo seven or eight jwr» ago, from thirst-a ¿?to whioh in all probability has overtaken the unfortunate stranaer. BUSH FIRES.—The lull caused in the progress of the bush fires by the last rain was only temporary, and on Sunday evening they broke out afresh, taking a sweep across the edge of the plain through the scrub near the General's fence, and proceeding towards the Carcoar road, which fortunately stayed its course. Long after the fire had subsided the numerous stumps thereabouts blazed on, reminding the beholder of the countless lights of a dis- tant city after nightfall. By Monday morning however the fires had completely subsided, and left behind them a bleak, black looking landscape. FIRE NEAR BLACKDOWN.—A few days ago a roaring fire suddenly blown up by a strong breeze, made a descent from Suttor's bush upon the Blackdown Estate, the flames licking the atmosphere to the height of 15 or 16 feet, and racing along at a topping pace in the direction of Alloway Bank. Shortly afterwards, however, the wind veered and the awful front of fire made its way. THE BOGAN.—The accounts received from the Bogan within the last few days are extremely discouraging. The water is every- where drying up, and within a distance of five miles from the river there is not a blade of grass or a symptom of vegetation to be seen. One of the reaches in the river (if it may be so termed) of 150 yards long, containing apparently a considerable body of water, was passed by our informant on his way downwards, and upon returning the following day, so quick was the process of evaporation, that it was nearly dried up. In consequence of this general scarcity of both feed and water, cattle are beginning to die in great numbers, and from what we hear, should the drought continue much longer, the destruction will be immense. In the drought of 1838-39, the cattle subsisted and did well upon the myall scrub, but this resource is no longer available. The lower branches of this scrub are long since torn down, and the leaves devoured, nothing now remaining in shape of sustenance but the grass and herbage which the earth sends forth. For the present, therefore, the prospects of thoe squatters upon the Bogan are gloomy indeed. (From the Mudgee Newspaper of February 9. ) DINNER TO MR. G. H. COX. M.L A.-On the evening of Wednes- day a public dinner was given to Mr. Cox by his friends and sup porters, at the Royal Hotel, which was attended by moat of the leadlng gentlemen of the district Mr. H. W. Oliver occupied tho chair; tho vice-chair being taken by Mr. S. Blackman. In pro- posing the health of tho guest of the evening, the chairman re- marked that he considered Mr. Cox the beau ideal of a county member-he was always at his post, and was constantly watching the interest of his constituents-nothing that had been asked of him had he refused to do. Mr. Cox replied in a somewhat lengthy speech, and concluded by saying, it was perhaps the last time he should address them as the member for Wellington. Mudgee would, before long, return a member for itself, and the gentlemen of Orange a member of their own. He thanked them for twice electing him -ho was perhaps tho only member for Wellington they would ever have The affair passed off to the entire satisfac- tion of all present. NARROW ESCAPE.—Last week, Mr. and Mrs. Lovejoy and two children went on a trip to Rylstone. They had got about fifteen miles on the road, when the wheels of the cart gave way ; these, however, Mr. Lovejoy managed to bind up. After this all went on well till they arrived at a hill called Barebone, within a short distance of their destination, when, in going up a portion of the road, one side of which slanted down into a deep gully, the cart toppled over and over again. Strange to say, neither Mrs. Love- joy nor the children sustained any injury, for the first somersault of the cart comfortably deposited them in a hole between two rocks. Had it not been for this circumstance, there is no doubt that the lives of Mrs. Lovejoy and the children would have been sacrificed. Mr. Lovejoy was loading the horse at the time, and, in endeavouring to keep it up, was carried some distance down the side of the mountain by the cart turning over and over. Fortunately he also sustained no injury. CASSILIS.—The correspondent of the Mudgee Newspaper says :— The weather has been extremely dry since October last, no rain having fallen to do any permanent good. Pasturage is now con- sequently greatly burnt up and fast disappearing. What is chiefly to be lamented however, is, that the dreadful scourge which has proved so fatal amongst the sheep for a number of years back in the neighbouring districts, is more prevalent and fatal in the dry, than in the wet weather. Only two large properties, Llangollan, and Collaroy in this district have entirely escaped it, and it may be observed that no remedy has yet been discovered. Many have tried large quantities of rock salt, but we may well doubt the efficiency of salt in this peculiar disease when we find them dying on myall runs. The fact is the cause of the disease, and of course the remedy, has yet to be discovered. The best mode of treatment, hitherto hit upon, is removal to the Fort Phillip market —a mode which has saved the pockets, and prevented from ruin, many proprietors. A man in the employment of Messrs. Busby lately died or mortification after skinning one of these diseased animals, and another man, sometime previously, narrowly escaped. Proprietors should prevent their men, rather than encourage to risk their lives in this manner. 