POLICE. CITY COURT. Saturday, \6th January, 1868. John Watson, John Stephen, Jane Nesbitt, 'Caroline Allison, John' Shannon, Gilchrist Johnston, John Thomas, William Newman, Ann Kent, Ann Dunbar, and John Lambell were fined 10s. each for drunkenness, or, in default, were committed for 24 hours. John Soiland was charged with fighting in the public streets and committing an assault, but the case was dismissed, no prosecutor uppearing. Ellen Roberts and John Powell, for indecency committed in u right-of-way off Little Bourke btreet, were sentenced to one month's impri tonment, with hard labor. Albert Smyder and John Price, for vagrancy, vi re sent to prison; the former for seven, and the latter for le days. Peter Quinn was oharged with committing nu as-sault on John Lambs, of Collingwood, shoeing smith, on the previous day, whereby compluinant suffered severe injuries. It ap- pealed in the course of the evidence that complainant invited the assault by his drunken and abusive conduct, and it was vtry questionable whether he was not the -tiSKiesbor. Tho complaint was therefore dis n.imed. Mary Bennett, an exceedingly dirty looking -woman, was unod £6, or, in default, committed lor one month's imprisonment, for disorderly conduct, and using obsene language. John Chapman and William Beilis pleaded guilty to the charge of fighting in a public ttreet, and were fined 20s. each, John Williams pleaded not guilty to the cbaige of stealing a black cloth coat on the afternoon of the previous day. The property -u us found upon him, and the only account that he could give waB that he picked it up. 1 he uwner bolng discovered, the prisoner was sentenced to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. George Edwards was] fined 6s. for negligence, in no«, having his name upon his dray. Bridget .Odell was oharged with being an uccts.-ory in the theft of £10, the property of Levi HUBS, and stolon from him in a brothel. Pour other prisoners connected with this ca3a niood lemanded till Tuesday, and this female wiiH ulso remanded till that day. The three prisoners, John Cook, John Douth traite, and Audio Agorio, remanded from the previous day, on tho charge of feloniously riteiviiig seveu drums of oil, knowing thom to have been stolen, were again brought before the Bench. The evidanco c1 Mr. Ingle} (of the firm of Ingle3, Aduna, and Greshom) showed that Oook sold to him seven drums of oil for the sum of ¿8 15s. The property had been since seized by the police, and proved to have boen stolen from a plumber and painter in Collingwood. Th J pi isoner Cook represented that he had 'purchased the oil at auction, and the price ho" aEked was 5s. per gallon. The prisoners wero committed for trial, bail being allowed. Mary Warner and Kate Warner, mother and daughter, wero charged with stealing five fowls from a yard in Stanley-street, North Mel- bourne It appeared that the fowls wero taken on the previous evening, and the prisoners wire found in the Western Market offering them for sale. The defence was, that prison- ers themselves bred the fowls. To this it was repiiud, that four of the fowls were purchased from the younger prisoner only a short lima previously. They wore valued at £1. Ra manded till Monday, bail being allowed. Francis Haythorne pleaded guilty to the charge of removing loam without a licence, and was fined 10s. James KeVy. waa charged with being ticket of-leave holder out of his district. He was found at Mount Ararat, and his district was Kyneton. Remanded to Pentridge Stock- ade. Thomas Dunn, charged with a similar offence, his district boing Brighton, was also remanded to the Penal Department. Thomas Holmes and Richard Perry pleaded guilty to setting fire to a paddock near the Broadmeadows. It appeared that they wera at work in the paddock, and incautiously lighted a fire, and, the grass catching, the fire extended over thirteen acres of land. They did their best to put it out,-but it extended in spite of their efforts, until some neighbor- ing residents came to their aid. In consider- ation of the circumstances, the prisoners were fined in the mitigated penalty of 40s. eaoh. PORTLAND ANNUAL REGATTA.--At an early hour yesterday (the 7th inst.) this port pre- sented signs of unusual gaiety. The Frances Henty, the Sydney Griffiths, the Severn, and the Lady Bird were profusely decorated with flags and streamers, and colors were hoisted on the flagstaff on Observatory Hill, and the flagstaff of Messrs. Henty, Learmonth, and Co. From the number in attendance at the entries on the previous evening, and the ge neral interest displayed, a spirited and su- perior regatta was anticipated. The day, how- ever, broke thick and hazy, with a rather strong wind from the westward ; but this not being an unsafe wind for the bay, and the likelihood that the weather would clear up increasing, the usual signals that the sports would take place were given at the usual hour, 8 o'clook. The first race did not come off till near noon, and the weather towards 3 o'clock growing heavier and the wind stronger, and an acci- dent which we have elsewhere recorded occur- ring, tho sports were adjourned. Large com- panies of ladies and gentlemen were on board tho Frances Henty, the Sydney Griffiths, and the Severn, for whom their respected and generous captains, Cairncross, Harrison, and Park, pro- vided a most excellent and abundant lun- cheon, to which a ball succeeded, and dancing was kept up on the Severn and the Frances Henty till a late hour.-Portland Guardian FATAL ACCIDENT.--FIVE OVERBOARD, AND ONE DROWNED.-The sports of our regatta, yesterday (January 7), were marred by a bad accident, which, we regret to state, was attended by the loss of life. The Sabrina, the boat belonging to the Sydney Griffiths, was preparing for the fourth, the Waterman's race, and not having suffi- cient ballast for the wind then blowing, had left the ship's side with a crew of five, four men and a boy, for the beach, to take in a quantity more, when a sudden squall coming on, it was capsised, and all hands had to struggle for their lives. A boat from the Sydney Griffiths, and several others, went im- mediately to the rescue. Four of the crew were saved but the other, a young man about 25 years of age, named Arthur Fullarton, a native of Shetland, perished, and no trace could be found of him, although Captain Harrison dived twice under the capsised boat in search of him. The second mate, who was one of the five, had succeeded once in raising him and placing him upon the boat, but, while he was directing his attention to some other of the crew, he disappeared, and was seen no more. The consternation the event produced was appalling. One or two of the ladies on board the Sydney Griffiths swooned from excitement. The captain and most of the gentlemen on board were below at the time, taking luncheon, but, on the first alarm, all were instantly on deck, and every- thing was done which the circumstances de- manded. The captain had expressed his wish the boat should not run, and it had been removed from alongside while he was below. The sports were at once postponed. The deceased was a steady young man, and had belonged to the Sydney Griffiths about eigh- teen months. It is said he was just on the eve of being married. The body has not been found. He had on a pair of long boots and a blue serge shirt.-Portland Chronicle. MUNICIPAL ELECTION, BALLAARAT WEST. The election of three councillors to serve in tlie places of Councillors M'Niece, Tulloch, and Stewart took place yesterday (Friday), at the Council Chambers, in Sturt-street. Owing, probably, to the hurriedly-organised opposition, the excitement throughout the township, though great, was considerably les3 than that evinced on previous occasions. At the close of tho poll (4 p.m.) tho chairman declared the following to be the state of the voting: Stewart .207 Tulloch ... ." .150 "? Baird.146 Holmes .127 Doane . 29 " " " . Star. Busir FIÉES.-Some terrible bush-fires have been doing a great amount of damage in the neighborhood of Mount Warrenheip during the past week. About five or six days ago, in -consequence of the bush taking fire, Clarke's Sow-mills were burned to the ground, nothing being left but the ironwork connected with the machin ery. On Thursday, the hush near Brown's Saw-mills also took fire, and the mills were burned down, though luckily the machinery was removed ont of danger before tho flames reached the place. Both these fires have been continuing, and yesterday (Fri <lay),the whole of the bush near MountWarron help seemed blazing away at a fearful rate. Ho less than seven fires could be seen and at night the flames wero distinctly visible from high gronnd. We have not heard the preoise amount of the damage done, but it must be very considerable.-Star. NEWSPAPEB LlTERATtTBB IN IHH WEST. The following is the leading article of the Btlfait Gazette of Saturday, January 9 x-".Elec- tors of Belfast mid the Western Distriot, Remember I You bave only four days more to Begistor in. Improve the opportunity," 