COLON I \L INTELLIGENCE. NEW ZEALAND. By the steamer Prince Alfred, arrived in Sydney on Monday, we are iu possession of pa| ers from the various Provinces of New Zealand, ranging Irom over a month to the 3rd instant, (roin which we make extracts. MaohIes And Diunic. — A public meeting of the aboriginal natives of Mottieka was held at the ? ? ? I.T ? I ? 'l'.. -l ? ? .!. n,-. 1 .'iuLui-Mi iiira-i, mi 1 uestiav evening, me ^^nti November, to tnke into consideration a late pro elam.ttion 'fjfethe Resident Magistrate, at Nelson relative to tlie sale of spirituous liquors, Sen., to the native race. Tiie meeting was very, numer ously attended hy almost the entire native popu lation. Tlie substance of the variotm speeches was to the following effect : They, tlie Maories, felt themselves hurt and aggrieved at such a notice ; they did not thus like to be sinyli tl out and treated like slaves. That they, the Motueka ?Maories, had for a long time lived in peace uith the white man, had conformed to his laws, had learned Iiis habits ; that they were under the same Queen, to whose government they were always ready to render implicit obedience ; and that tliev as British subject', lelt themyul vwi t qunlly enti led to any antl all of the white tnan's privileges. That they could not and would not, iu the coining harvest, submit to the degradation to work side by side with their white brother, unless they were to he treateil alike, without any invidious antl in sulting distinction. That individual Maories did occasionally disgrace themselves by drunken antl disorderly habits they were ready lo atlmit ; but they thought it hard that they should all be made to suffer lor the faults of the lew. But that they, as a body, were drunken, riotous, and disorderly, was a Ubel and a falsehood of the person who had given the inlorination to the Resident Magistrate. They would not have complained, il the white man was at the same time included in the pro hibition; but if beer was necessary for the white man, it was nt much so lor them. Ill their former course of life beer was not necessary ; but it was now, as much for them as the while man, whose manners and habits they had adopted ; and they challenged any one to say that tliey were more drunken or disorderly than the white man. In conclusion, they begged to say, that one of their Maori friends had been for six months nnd more employed as an assistant in a brewery, und if tliey were not perinittedtopurchase, tliey would and would brew their own beer ; they would put up u brewery for themselves. This last announce ment elicited loud and continued cheering ol the whole meeting, both native utitl European. The natives have furnished their necount of the nbove meeting, of which the following is a trans lation : — 'To John PoYNTEit, Esq. ' Listen to mo. We are 1'akehas now. Yon brought us spirits, and of course we may drink them. If any person gets intoxicated it's all right. We contend for diink when we go out to work. Il there be no beer, the people will not go to work. If one man gctsdrunk, well. Because 1 get drunk, 1 pay for mv error ; therefore, do not condemn another man for my drunkenness. ' Listen, O ye men of Motueka I all ye who are met here, both i'akeha and Maori. We dwelt in ignorance formerly; ne had neither bIiocs nor trowsers. The first Into we received was the law of Relit/ion j and we then concluded that all persons whom we should see would be missionaries. Afterwards came . spirituous liquors (Waipiro). This wo did not like ; it was very nauseous when we first tasted it, but the Pakehus said that it was very good ; nnd when we had tasted it the second time wo said likewise, ' It is good.' Thenceforth wo looked upon all these things as good for food, viz., rum, beer, flour, pepper, stilt, and every other nastv thing brought by the Pakeha. ' Now, listen ! This is what we all of this meeting say — Let its /tave bee)'. The beer wo drink is not . to/en by us. If we get drunk we go to the lock-up, and we are fined; antl if wo do not pay the fine wo nre sent to prison. Il we go to work for the Pakeha and there is beer given to the white men, are the Maories to drink water that would be wrong. One o( our people has been working at tho brewery for six months, and if the Governor do s not choose to allow tlio Maories to have beer, we will build a brewery and make our own. ' One wold moro — Beer was made to be drunk. ' This ends the talk of this meeting. Written by order of the meeting at Motueka.' [No Signature.] Extensive bush-fires had taken placo around t'-o Canturbury country. Some commiseration has been expressed for the Maories who have lost their houses and wares, as well as their bush ; but they seem quite happy; the usual remark from them being, ' Oh ! now we sell bush to white man, and we go away to Port Levy, or somewhere else.' The horridly bad roads had frightened away tho Australian adventurers to the Nelson Gold fields at Oollingwood ; but the prospects of the workers were reported satisfactory, The Aorere Gold-diggings were stated to be of much richness, and sanguine hopes were enter tained of their fertility. Proclamation had been issued at Nelson consti tuting the Wairau a new Province to bo called by the name of Marlborough, and appointing Waitohi to be the capital of tho Now Piovince under the name of Picton. Insult ! — A meeting of tho working men of Wellington, New Zealand, took place on the 30th ultimo, attended liy a delegation from others ot Wairarapa, with a view to adopt a petition to the Council, praying it to 'retrace iis steps and vote with the least possible delay the necessary supplies for the resumption of tlie public works, nnd also to hear ono of their number, Marcus Collisson, at the bnr of tlio House. The meeting was very crowded, and though an earnest antl persevering attempt was made by the large number of Radicals who attended, the petition was adopted. As was to be expected, tlio petition produced no effect 011 the Council. Mr. Collisson on being called to tlio bar, was itot allowed to speuk in support of the petition, but only catechised with a view to elicit state ments contrary to tho.so which the petitinn-rs pro posed he should substantiate. The following reso lution has since been passed at a meeting of the working nu n with whom the petition originated : — ' That this meeting considers the treatment ol their delegates by the Wakefield faction, in and ont ol the Provincial Council, mean, base, and cowardly ; and thu not hearing their delegate at the bar ol the Provincial Council, a wilful and do lihera e instill to the working classes of the Pro vince generally, nnd will resent it accordingly.'* Maories of Otaoo. — An cflbrt is being made to rescue the Maories of this Province from moral degradation, and to communicate lo them the blea sings, of that piire and holy roligion which bhs changed thb wanderitig,' 'painted savage of tlio British Isles into the ' int-lligent, God-fearing, gospel- communicating Christian of the nineteenth century. — Witness. Another ministerial crisis — to use the common ?but very absurd expression, ns applicable to such miniature governments— has lately taken place in Otago. Tho Provincial Government, it would appear, have n«reed to convey to the general go vernment a valuable piece of town land, for the purpose of a native hostelry. But the consent of the Council was wanting, and this, although tlie building had been already begun, was refused. The resignation of the Executive immediately fol lowed. O11 the 3rd November, Mr W, II. Rey nolds, the mover of the adverse resolution, ac cepted office, in conjunction with Messrs John MeGlashan, Thomas Dick, and W. Lambert. At Napier, Almriri, on the lltli, 1 2th, and 14th November, the Resident Magistrate's Court was engaged in hearing a charge preferred against .Mr Cooriiian, solicitor, of stealing from the tlvvtlluig limise of Thomas Rnvnolds, Napier, the .sum of -f-JS. The evidence \v-is vvrv voluminous, and the case resulted in the committal of tlie defendant for trial at the next (January) sitting of the i).s trict Court, bail for his appearance in two sureties of 150 each, having been accepted by the Bench. — /At . {?(?'.} Bay Herald. 