\- ? ?-"-_-'-?-^«vvmt--"""-? - VlOïOWA, W« have reeolved Melbourne papen to tb» 12th in« .tant. ' Mr. James Harrison his been eleoted without opposition to fill the "vacancy in theTenresentatlon of Geelong in the Legislative Assembly, oooauoned 'by{the resignation ot Dr. Thornton. ' ' "' " A publlo meeting wu held on tho evening c4 the 11th, at Kbetty'a Hotel, for the purpose of wgaT^leinT»'"»emoorntlo Association," distinct from the ",OoAr more extended political vleyrbw reference to the land question. Dn M»o>«yg,M/.tVfW*i}.->Mr: Ctaneron, Hid other Convention men wow »teBe*,lo> mwtag;.»jl amendraent wu carried to the effect that aeon ftrenoVthOuld'také place with the Convention) with respect to the deairabllity at forming a new convention. > His Excellency Sir Henry Barkly laid the foundation «tone tar«* It to BV^tTn^retotoshd 88 rn length, and. When thl. I« WMmi^s*«*oW will Uso be added to It. The aronTtoot OfthtchurehifMr. JbhnDonaldwn. > ^ ' , The äsöJHiner7 of the 9th «ay« ¡-Nothing had formally \n-y\ ti'lint ii««,» lu . «iriil | > \ . t ¡ t ¡j J" Mr. Smith's knighthood. Sir Henry Barkly wu understood to have a strong reluctance to become the medium of transmitting n resolution, which wu tantamount to a vote of censure upon her Majesty!« Executive) and the gist pf.:hls'lat«»t, letter ta the Maror was a request that atopsilnightbe taken to relieve him' from the disagreeable necessity of acting in the matter. Apro- pos of knighthood and of precedent, how comet IrtOipasxthat ihaftot Parliament of Vtetaria. has. been g¡9^%'oe finally prorogued, and to reach therevevor a aTs»wtt«¡n¿without the customary honor oClmightloodlie^om^reUottttie Speaker? ¡What is the .'préfcedent"'for vrithholdihg from Dr. Murphy a distinction which was promptly bestowed on 81c Daniel Cooper t I Sir Daniel (then Mr.) Cooper wu elected to the chair by a majority of one vote over Mr. Watson Parker, the contesting candidate. Mr. Parkerand Mr. Cooper were both knighted the successful and defeated competitor. Dr. Murphy was pre- ferred to the chair by a very decided vote of our Assembly. He. hu served u long u 8ir D. Cooper. How 1« It, then, that a similar honor hu boen withheld from him ? The matter is In itself an exceedingly trivial one, but the distinction made between the two colonies is certainly invidious. The Dandenong Gold Field.- A gentleman who has recently visited the new gold field in the Dandenong ranges, and which by the way is now known as the Emerald diggings, informs us that between three and four hundred persons were at work there, and that most of them were doing well. An im- portant discovery had recently been made in the shape of a rich quartz reef, a circumstance which it was believed would, when known, add greatly to the attraction which this gold field has for the adventurous. Our informant states that one of the party to whom the claim belonged had refused an offer of £260 for his share. The alluvial claims were yielding an average of nearly an ounce to the tub. Provisions are little above Mel- bourne prices, and the storekeepers appear satisfied with the extent of the business they are doing. The road from Mel- bourne is good until within a distance of five miles from the scene of operations, but the diggers have a great obstacle to contend against in the thick scrub which covers the country. They look to the government to assist them in removing this grand obstacle to success, by cutting tracks through the vegeta- tion, and have memorialised the authorities to that effect. The surface digging here appear to be very good.--M. Herald. The late FmE at Nonra Melbourne.-The North Mel- bourne Fire Belief Fund Committee brought their labors to a very satisfactory close yesterday. By the report, which we publish in another column, it will be Been that the central com- mittee collected £940, and the looa! committee £303-making a total of £1243. After giving substantial relief to all the sufferers hr the fire, a surplus of £95 remains in hand. This, some of the members thought, might be distributed with advantage amongst the charitable institutions of the city ; others objected. So to set the matter at rest, a resolution wu passed to distri i bute it as the bulk of the fund had been dispensed.-M. Herald, «ie Mubder at Newstead.-The Tarrengower Times give« the following verdon of this atrocious murder :-About naif put three o'clock' on Wednesday afternoon a hawker, named Edward Phentterttock, with his wife Deborah, and their chil- dren, arrived at Newstead, on their way to Bock Creek, 'whither tbey wore going with their «pring-cart, in prosecution of the husband's trade as «hawker, and at once proceeded to camp for the night. While the husband wu attending to his horse, etc., the wife walked up to Jones's hotel, the proprietor of which also keeps a butcher's shop, to purchase some meat During the time she wu there she wu accosted by a man «he had never seen before, who, after some incoherent remarks, told her that he would take her life that day. Thinking that the man wu either drunk, or elie larking, «he paid but little attention to this, u «he then considered, empty threat, and, having completed her purchases, returned toberhusband. About three nour« afterwards she proceeded to prepare the evening meal for her family, and while her husband wu gone to fetch some water from the Loddon, the same man, who bad lo I strangely accosted her, suddenly, and without the slightest In < tlmation, struck her a full «winging blow with an American axe just above the ear, severing the upper portion, and inflict- ing one of the most frightful wound« imaginable-in fact, nearly dividing the top of the head from the jaws. The poor victim Immediately fell, and the maniac (for we consider the perpetrator of thi« deed a« nothing else), Immediately aimed a «econd blow at the poor woman's eldest son, a boy about seven Îrears of age, who wu screaming for assistance, but luckily the ittle fellow escaped unhurt; he thèh-ran off into the bush, and, u It wu nearly dark, wu lost tight of in a few minutes. The poor creature only lived about twenty minutes, and was unable 1 to do mora than say " I am going, and kissed her bereaved husband's hand in token of affection. The Castlemaine Advertiser, of Saturday, hu the following paragraph relating to this awful occurrence :-We received, too late for publica- tion, the depositions token before Dr. Preshaw, the coroner, with reference to this horrid murder. A number of witnesses were examined, including the husband and children of the de- ceased woman. The verdict of the jury wa«-" That Deborah Phensterstock wu wilfully murdered at Newstead, on the 6th April, by a mon unknown by name, but, we believe, by the person described in the evidence, and the axe produced the instrument by which the deed wu perpetrated ; and add, at a rider, that thi» being the third murder committed in this locality within eighteen months, it is necessary to have police stationed at Newstead."-.if. Herald, April 11. A Judge's Expbession or Opinion.-In a cue before the General Sessions on Saturday lut, Mr. Fridham, after getting a verdict of not guilty in favor of a prisoner, against whom the odd« had looked uncommonly long at one stage of the proceed- ings, requested his Honor to order the restitution to his client of some moneys that had been found concealed upon his per- son, and for stealing which he had been on his trial. The fol- lowing colloquy took place :-Mr. Pridbam : Will your Honor make on order that this money be given up ? Judge Wrixon : I will make no order at all ; It does not rest with me ; it Is in the hands of the police. Mr. Pridham : Well, but perhaps your Honor will expresa an opinion ? Judge Wrixon: Ixl express any opinion, it will be this-that in 1853 that man wu tried before me, at Buninyong, for robbery in company with other men, and convicted:, and «entenoed to ten yean' hard labor on the roads, and I am very much astonished to see him here ! Whereat counsel subsided.-Geelong Advertiser. Gold in the Roads.-The Forest Creek correspondent of the M. A. Mail, writes u follows:-I have sometimes been amused at the Chinamen sweeping the duBt off the road« and washing It, but it would appear that tbo employment is not an unprofitable one. On Saturday afternoon, u a little girl wu passing a heap of road metal, opposite the Red Hil! Hotel, «he taw a handsome specimen in the quartz ; this she picked out, u well u several more, and the news having spread, nearly 60 persons collected round the heap, and discovered pieces of rock more or les» auriferous. Altogether, it ¿s supposed that not lets than half a pound weight of gold wu taken out of the metal on Saturday, besides what hu been removed since. One of the specimens carried off by the girl contained a nugget estimated to weigh from a-balf to three-quarters of an ounce. Mr. Low, of the Red Hill, retains several of the poorer pieces of quartz. He informs me that It fs not uncommon for the men who break the metal to find small pieces of gold In it The quartz in thi» cue is supposed to have been brought from some reef In Wat- tle Gully. It is highly probable that the dust in our roads con- tains a considerable quantity of fine gold, the whole of which hu been liberated from the metal from the disintegrating ac- tion of the wheels. Perhaps thi« foot might be turned to account in keeping the road« clear of the pulverised rock that la now «o great a nuisance. If there is sufficient gold in the dust to pay for removing It, the privilege of doing so might be granted to any person who would undertake the tuk.-J/. Herald, April 9. Bush'Fires.-Extensive bush fire« have, of late, been preva- lent In the neighbourhood of Smoky River, HoUpur. On Fri- day lut, great fears were entertained that serious consequence! would result; but, alter considerable effort, the progreta of the flames wu arrested.-Portland Chronicle. Since the above wu in type, we hare received papers to the 16th instant: Thomu Ryan, convicted at the late Beechworth Attises of the murder of Hart weg, wu hanged at the Central Gaol, Mel- bourne, on Monday, the 11th instant. An Influential meeting had been held at Sandhurst, for the adoption of measures to procure the establishment of an In* solvent Court in Sandhunt. The Important appeal cue, "The Geelong and Melbourne Railway Company against the assessment or taxation levied by the Corporation of Geelong," after luting two days, wu decided this morning. The Company'« premise« were rated at £3000 a year, and after hearing all the evidence and arguments on both sides, the court ordered the rate to be reduced to £1200 a year. On behalf of the Itailway Company, Dr. Sewell, Dr. Mackay, and Mr. Dawson were retained ; and against these gentlemen, and for the Corporation, appeared Mesare. Atkin« and Armstrong, solicitors for the Corporation. Dr. Sewell applied for costs, and Mr. Justice Wrixon said that, although he considered the rate levied excessive, he should only allow £60. The third annual meeting of the Colonial Bank of Australasia wu held in the bank premises, Melbourne, on the 14th Instant, the Hon. John O'shanassy in the chair. The sum of £2000 having been appropriated towards " wiping off the preliminary expenses,'' and £1000 towards the purchase ot furniture and noUoe forms, £21,694 7s. 4d. remained, which wu appropriated u follow« :-To dividend at 10 per cent, per annum, £15,625 ; to meet bad and doubtful debt«, £2000 ; reaorve fund, £4000, balance to credit of profit and loss, £69 7s. 4d. The retiring directors. Messrs. O'shanassy and Kennedy, having been re elected, the meeting terminated. A publlo meeting wu held on Thursday evening, at the Eastern market, for the purpose ot organising a " Political Labor League." There were about 200 persons prêtent Reso- lutions were passed to the effect that other meuures were required besides a liberal land system to protect the people against class legislation and oppression, and the meeting pledged itself to use its utmost efforts to obtain at tho next Î;eneral election manhood suffrage In ft« entirety. The meeting; erminated peacefully, with much cheering. Awful Death.-We publish the following piece of Informa- tion, of which we are in receipt, without giving a guarantee for ita authenticity :-A miner upon Daisy lilli had within the hut few days the rare luck of bottoming upon stuff that yielded on the average ten ounce« to the bucket ; and such an, «ffoot had this good fortuno upon tho unfortunate man, lbaTho worked for three day« and night« successively, until-what with ex. haustlon and excitement, ho fell doatl'-irortif Express. 