MACCLESFIELD [From our Special Reporter.] Macclesfield, Wednesday Evening, February 9. Having left Echunga after sunset, I had at least one advantage of travelling in the dark. The innumerable burning logs and trees which mark the extent of the devastation caused by the recent fire presented a scene of solumn grandeur not easily to be described. For many miles in every direction these brilliant glaring objects shone with an intense ruddy light, which, in the deep silence and solitude of the forests, was most impos- ing to behold. On reaching this place I found that the sad accounts which have already been published of the distressing calamity wich has visited the district are but too true. I enclose you reports of a public meeting held here yesterday, for the purpose of taking such steps as might be deemed expedient for the relief of the sufferers, and of the inquest, both of which have been kindly supplied to me by Mr. Henry Linn. Those with whom I have conversed respecting the fire unite in describing it as having been of a very ap- palling character. It is represented as having come down upon the neighbourgood with the force and rapidity of a whilwind. Its direction appears to have been from north-east to south-west, and it is known to have laid waste the country for a distance of eight miles in the incredibly short time of three-quarters on an hour. About 9 o'clock on the Monday morning the in- habitants of Macclesfield observed it marching on- ward towards Watergate. Their first impulse was to run in that direction in order to render what assis- tance they could in checking the flames in their wild career. But on approaching the locality they found it utterly impossible to get near to the fire on account of the dense clouds of smoke, the heat, and the dust. Having been compelled to retreat, their next object was to preserve the township from the fangs of the ruthless foe. By great and unremitting exertions this was effected, with the exception of two dwelling-houses, which were entirely destroyed. These were the re- sidences of Mr. Schedlich and Mr. B. Alber. One singular circumstance occurred during the morning. A stack of hay belonging to Mr. Samuel Coleman, brewer, was discovered to be on fire, when a man who was carry- ing a quantity of beer in a can ran to the spot and with it extinguished the flame. Had the fire gained the mastery over this haystack, its proximity to the Daven- port Arms and other buildings would in all probability have reduced the township to a heap of ruins. The heat was so intense during the fire that copper and silver coins have since been found melted togetherr Further particulars, with the names of those who have sustained heavy losses by the fire, will be found in the enclosed reports to which I have already referred. In the Strathalbyn district, the loss of property is reported to have been very great. Dr. Walker's re- sidence was entirely consumed, together with the whole of the furniture, plate, linen, surgical instruments, hay, corn, fencing, and outhouses. The doctor and his family had been some days from home on a visit to Lake Albert. Amongst the other sufferers in that district, the following have been named to me :- Mr. William Pendall, Messrs, Reid & Williams, Mr John Kennedy of the Long Valley, Mrs. Murphy, and some others. I intend leaving for Strathalbyn early in the morning, and will endeavour to get further particulars. 