AUSTRALIAN AND AMERICAN FARMING. TO THE EDITOB. 0Ï THE ABOUS. Sir,-Tho political theorists who takeupsuch one-iidtd views aa ore popular among tha Couventioniats are ever and anon referring uä to America for contrasts most unfavorable ti Australia, and triumphantly quote the au- thor) iv of tho Park-street Commissioners to show that u family cam obtain in Canada a freehold farm, and make an immediate living, with only about £25 of clear money to begin with, for their neighbors will cheerfully bolp them to build tholr log-hut, and to ploujU and Bow their fust crops. The first year | being thus prosperously begun and got over ia this fashion, the abundant crop which virgin soil there almost uniformly yields gives then a fair start for after prospsrity, and it onl/ requires moderate economy to achieve certain independence for life. The result follows (as theee theorists allege) that thero is, if not a dense, a full population of thriving and happy families, and sturdy independent yeomen, such as the world has nevar before witnessed- such na Plato and Sir Thomas Moro, in their fanciful Bepub lies and Utopias, never drepmt of, nor the wondor-working Jesuits ever realised ia I their earthly parodiso of Paraguay. This is I the plcturo drawn to dazzle and delude our laborera here, and to make our small settlers dissatisfied with their scanty crops, the low prices of produce, and the high price of labor ; for the Australian immigrant, with a family, and no more than £25 clear cash, cannot gat a farm and a house, much lese, if he hal these, could ho put in a paying orop as a ¿rat step to his future independence. Of course our theorists, in their writing} and their harangues (go far away from tha scenes which they fancy, though they assure ÜB these are strictly photographic), cannot detect the slightest drawback-cannot per- ceive any, even the smallest, cloud in the over-bright landsoape ' " A single cloud on » ««miner's day That hns no business to appear Whon skies aro bluo anil earth is gay."-iJyi'i))!. The real pictures, drawn on the spot by Major Head, himself a native, and by numerous other unimpeachable witnesBOB, referred to in Mr. Bullera able report, < exhibit a moat | striking difference from the fancied dreams of Our theorists here-the pioturcs of " deserted and ruined dwellings and of abandoned forme," and " the money that has been ex i pended in improvements yielding no ade , qunte return :" and all this with ' a soil of \ abounding fertility, and rich in all the elements of commercial and agricultural wealth," OB may be Been in detail In TheArgui supplement of March 0, and, therefore, not necessary to bo repeated here. Mr. Bailer's conclusions as to the causes of this adverse state of things being the system of disposing . of Crown lands, and still moro its abuses, may bo admitted to be light or wrong, just or unjust ; that will not alter the very startling fact, that land of almost " unexampled fer- tility" has been extensively abandoned by freeholders of it, "either selling it for what it would fetch at the moment, or allowing it to remain unoccupied." i Now, thongh we have in the Australian colonies 'very large tracts of most excellent arable land, they are far different in charaoter, ¿s will be presently shown, from the American, and can only, in rare instances, be said to be of unexampled fertility. Oar city theorists, having woiked themselves up into a querulous all-deBperandum humor, complain as much of their i fellow- colonists as of the loudly denounced land system of tho Government. Here, they say, wo never hear of neighbors coming lorward to build, to plough, or to sow for a now settler, as is the practice in [america. This allegation, however, is far from the fact ; for nothing 1B moro common in Victoria, Van Diemen's Land, and South Aus- tralia, than neighbors rendering each other mutual assistance in ploughing, sowing, and ¡reaping, in hay-harvest, sheep-washing, and sheep-dressing;-just as it is common in the Imoors of Scotland for tho smaller sheep (farmers to render mutual assistance In tha 'buoy seasons of smearing-time and clipping itime, and as it is common in Switzer- land and the Tyrol, in the gruyera icbccEo districts, for threo, four, or more to ¡contribute one day's milking, alternately, all {round, in order to bring as much milk at I once to one rennet-tnb (cuve) as will make a , large cheese. Facts Uko these do not suit our i theorists at all ; they do not ascertain, bat i fancy, the facts upon whioh they found their I harangues. They may have witnessed on the I gold- fields the selfish feeling of withholding i neighborly assistance in labor, and therefore : jump at the falee conclusion that it is the i sume, as it most assuredly is not, in our rural districts. 1 Bnt, supposing a now settler here had his i house built and his land ploughed and sown for him by his friendly neighbors, as in America, he would not, inmost cases, like the American new settler, be at once enabled, the i first year, to draw a living for his family from ; his crops, owing to the very different charac- ter of the soil in the two countries. Tho . important difference referred to arises princl ! pally .from the markedly different charaoter of ] tbe vegetation, more particularly in wooded [ localities. In Australia, the gum-trees, honeysuckles, and wattles do not annually shod their loaves, , and the surface of the soil in the bush has not, therefore, an annual top dressing of manure, richiin potass and organio debris, and, consequently, ready prepared to feed luxuriant , crops. The mineral staple of the soil, how excellent soever it may be-and we hove this of unsurpassed superiority-always requires to bo acted upon by the sun, air, andlmolsturo, to prepare the chemical food indispensable to fester a vigorous vegetation. Even our best wheat lands iu Tasmania and South Australia, on the Hawkesbury and the Hunter, at Warr- nambool, Bellarine, and Illawarra, are far from rich in organio ingredients, as the simplest proceBB of analysis will easily de- monstrate. The dark black color of such soils very naturally induces the farmer, fresh from Europe or America, to conclude that It ÍB all due to humus-that is, organic debris, which has undergone the decomposing process of crtmacausit, or, in plain language, leaf mould, from well-rotted leaves and herbage. But this conclusion from his previous experience in othor coun- tries will be only very partially correct; for the rich black color of the Australian soil is as much due to Iron, and sometimes to a little manganese, as to rotted leaves and grass. In such soils, also, there is very often a portion of sulphate of iron,- always more or less injurious, unless lime ; be also pre- sent or added, to decompose it. and form, gypsum. From these and other causes, our newly broken up land unfolds Its ¿fertility gradu- ally, and the second and succeeding crops are generally greatly better than the first crop ; for the ploughing and harrowing exposes the rich mineral Ingredients--the quartz-sand, tho iron, and the clay,-to the powerful chemical action of the sun, the air, and the rain. Such land cannot be too much worked and turned up by repeated plough- ing to devclope its inherent fertility. Let us now turn to America. Tho native forests there are not composed of overgreons, like our gum-trees and wattles, but of maple, oak, beech, ash, walnut, hickory, and numerous othor broad-leaved deciduous trees, whose massive foliage is showered down every autumn (or " fall," as they expressively term it), till the ground is thickly covered with a coating of leaves full of potass and organic matter, forming, before their decay, a warm covering to proteot the perennial horb age from froBt, and afterwards supplying a rich tap-dreBsinglof leaf-mould, superior ta all other manure- Now, in the forest lands wbero this rich top-dressing has been annually repeated for centuries-aye, for thousands of years, it is easy to perceivo that the land must be very different from that in any part of Australia, whero wo have .only a scanty supply of potass from the annual shedding of the gum- tree bark, and from occasional bush-fires. As soon as the Ameri- can farmer can get hfs plough among the tree-stumps in his clearing, his rich leaf mould soil will at once yield him ample oropä, for the plant-food Is already prepared; but it is not so In Australia, whero thero is soldom. if ever, any leaf-mould soil ; and where a field has been cleared and burnt off, the first crop here is almost uniformly very patchy and un- equal-the thin patches Indicating a defi- ciency of potass to dissolve the quartz-sand, which has only been well effected in spots where the burning of the stump3 has set free the potass in tho timber and in the bark-in such spots the potass acting Btrongly on the quartz sand and supplying abundant food for the turnips usually sown as a first crop, to prepare for wheat. Our city theorists, therefore, being ignorant of farming, who dream of getting our small farms here to be self-supporting the first year, as has without doubt been the case in several porte of America, will Bee, from the preced- ing details, the Impossibility of tbo consum- mation thoy so devoutly wish for. Similar differences in climate and many other circum- stances could bo pointed out, to prove that wo cannot at all assimilate with our American brethren. We have our peculiar advantages -great advantages ; and they have thoirs, of quite a different kind ; and as tho assimila tlon is impracticable and Impossible, we indignantly repudiate the fntile efforts of the theorists to engender and foster dissatisfac- tion, wholly founded upon their [own cruda fancylngs. it J. BENN IB, Melbourne, March 14. 