CARCOAR. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] THE man .whoso death took place at the King's Plains diggings on Saturday last, was oaused by.diseoBe of the lungs, and his proper name was Daniel Beck. On Mon- day evening, the lovers of the beautiful were highly de- lighted by the appearance of the Aurora Australis : it was visible for a considerable time, appearing to rise about south-east passing over to south- west, and finally disap- pearing at the point of its first appearance ; while visi- ble it sometimes resembled a beautiful scarlet cloud, at others it was like streaks of fire across the heavens; at first it was thought to be the effect of a bush-fire, and many appear to be under the impression that it portends some fearful evils, and are under some anxiety as to their nature, and in a number of instances we have been asked if we could tell what it could be a sign of or what was going to happen. Our Court of Request Sittings took place on Thurs- day, there was but three cases on the list, two of them were settled before the sitting magistrate, (J. H. Glenneys Esq., J.P.) but in the third case there was no appearance, none of them possessed any point of public interest. William Vane, junior, on bail on remand, charged with, cattle stealing, was called and appeared, there being but one magistrate present, the case was further remanded for another week, and his bail extended accord- ingly. We understand a oontraot has been entered into for n bridge over Limestone Oreek, about fifteen miles from; hero on the road to Oannowindra, whioh will bo n very j groat convenience to porsons travelling in that direotion ' as it was very muoh required. The contractor is a per- son who IIQB had some experience in suoh work, having beon engaged in bridge building beforo, and given every satisfaction. ' For some reason or othor'thut wo cannot comprehend, our post office authorities novo so ordained that the days of arrival and doparturo of our mail should bo ohangod on tho first instant, so that wo wera without any mail at all on Thursday ; thia was borne with, (al- though' reprobated) in tho expectation that, yesterday's, mall would have brought UB our nows and corres, pondenoe from Sydney up to Wednesday, but' to our very groat annoyanoo wo. reaolved nothing, later than Monday, so that by the al lora (lon wo shall, have to wait1 until Monday next for intelligence, that under the past arrangement we should have receivod this day ; the' expressions of disappointment ' under tboso oiroiim stanaos are strong, and we must say that suoh allom tionB should be made rather to expedite than retard communication or not made ot all, wo do not know who is to blarao in tho mailor, but hopo if another alteration, is to take pince, it will ba' to give ua a dally moil. While on Ibis subject, wo would mon'ion that another mall from Carcoar to number ono or Maoquario Swamp, would ba a very groat oonrenionae to the largo popula- tion settling In that neighbourhood, for tho want of it they aro going baok Into something Uko' barbarism, and wo know of instancoa in whioh partioa ¿ave refused to take or subeoribe to a nowapapor, staling that jf they i OOUld. RPt them regular they would, but at prosoqt (bey MB OBly'gat tfatm as opportunity offers, perhaps once . month or so, jait aa business compelí then to viii! Iowa.- . .": , . .. . ._ : The Presbyterians of this district bid . special service on Thursday craning, when tbe Bev. James Adam«, was inducted "into the psbtoral charge of Carcoar, Cowra, Canowindra, and tht-ir neighbourhoods by tho Rev. J. B, Laughton, who was deputed to perform that ceremory by the Presbytery of Bathurst. A publio meeting of that body was announoed to be held yesterday, (which, we are sorry, to say, was very thinly attended,) at which it was resolved, that the ereotion of a church-building should be proceeded with, as fur as the funds in hand would.permit-forthwith. We have had very seasonable showery weather of late, and our- billa and dales are looking well in consequence- at present it is raining as if I we were to have another deluge. ; Carcoar, September 3rd, 18G0. 