EvznV civilised country we have ever road of or have been acquainted mill, lias been remarkable for colonisation. Our father-land haa derived great advantages from her colonies. In tho reign of James the First, King of England, a small band of enterprising, virtuous, religious persons was driven out ol England by tho hand of persecution ; and laving crosocd tlio Atlantic ocean, settled down unnn tfcn uninltflliitArl nil^n r.F Amnri/m And truly the littlo ono has become a thousand, end the stnall one a strong nation. Now it seemed a hard Oise that some ol the best men England over produced, should bo obliged to leave the placo of their fathers' sepulchres, nnd seek a home among ths savages of the west, simply because they were unablo in their native land to worship God according to tho dictates of thoir own con sciences. But looked at in tho light of history, we see that Provtdenco has brought the brigiitest good oat of what appeared the blackest evil. What a contrast there is between the North American Continent of the nineteenth century, and the Con tinent of North America of tho seventeenth cen tury I The United States, however, is no longur a colony of Great Britain ; but in her stead tlio vast country which we Australians have the happiness to inhabit, is rising up to become the brightest jewel in the Crown which adorns the head of the English Monarch. Tho colonists of North America, how ever,- have been of immense value to tho civilised world merely as an example. It is natural enough when a family is broken up to drop a tear or two over the son, brother, or daughter, who may be about to leave the family roof. So we find that mime of our fellow-colonists are sighing over the separation of Queensland from the colony of New South Wales. But as to ourselves, we do not in tend to shed many tears on the occasion ; but we ore disposed to oontent ourselves with wishing our neighbours of the North, every blessing, political, oivil, and religious, which a bountiful Providence may he disposed to bestow upon tbem. We will just then dismiss them with our blessing ; and like a family partly broken up, return to our own do mestic dudes, which are somewhat changed by the separation in question. In this respect nothing could be more opportune than Mr. Forster's measure for reducing tho sala ries of Government officers. As the duties will be less onerous and as there will be fewer to pay the taxes, it is but fair that the salaries should be smaller. Wo hope, however, that the Ministry will not descend too low and cut down salaries which «it present are barely sufficient to afford a comfortable subsistence. Let not tho poor clerk, the constable, the drudge suffer. There will, pro bably, be another advantage accruing to the colony \ from the reduction of the salaries of the Ministry. It may have a tendency to check some who aspire to office for the sake of the emoluments connected therewith. Thus the temptation to oppose the Government from selfish motives will bo so much tho less. There !b another incidental advantage connected with tho division of this vast country into several separate colonies, namely, that whatever improve ments are made in one part of the island will soon Spread to the whole. Example is vastly more powerful than precept, and we hope that some thing like a friendly rivalry will spring up between the several Australian Governments os to which shall make the most rapid strides towards perfection. Our colonies being so closely united, and so similarly situated, every one of them will be obliged to adopt the others improve ments, or lose a great portion of its inhabitants. For example, the Nicholson Ministry in Victoria haarintroduoed a very liberal land measure, and should it become lutf and the small capitalist can find a better investment for his money in Victoria than in New South Wales, he will assuredly direct his steps thither. Again, the Victorian Ministry has promised to introduce a Bill for the Abolition of State Aid to Religion, and another for a uniform system of education. Now, should theoe measures become law, and religion and education become more flourishing in that colony than in this, the religious man ond the pater familias will, other things being equal, give the preference to Victoria, so that one Government wil), of necessity, be obliged to keep pace with the other. Wo perceive already a tendency to such a result. For example, the leading article in the Umpire t or Tuesday last, contrasts the Nicholson Ministry in Victoria, with the Forster Ministry in New South Wales, evidently to the disadvantage of the latter. Competition is the soul of busi ness. Our arts and sciences, our artizans and scholars, would never have attained one half their present efficienoy and perfection, had there been no competition. Eminence in anything provokes enquiry and produces imitation. We see nothing to' regret in the separation of Queensland from New South WalcK. We happen to know some thing of the beautiful country io the Moreton Hay district, and it is our firm belief, with a sturdy, persevering, skilful, class of , men— and there are many such in that part 'of the oountrjr— that Qiiesaolaiid will bieomn one of the most wealthy, powerful, and «Yfcspecul-le colonies in all the southern hemisphere. Our only fear is, that in an evil hour, ond under the pressure of circumstances, the Queenslanders -may determine to have .transportation renewed again to their shores. If so, the other polonies must adopt measures to sccure themselves from the contagion of the pest ; however, we will not anticipate evils which may never come. Ii the meantime, we shall watch the proceedings of this infant colony with no ordinary amount of interest. Let no one for a moment suppose that we ad i vocate the wandering from ojie colony to another in search of superior advantages. There is hardly anything we deprecate more than an unsettled, dissatisfied, wandering disposition. We are con vinced that much of the itjiserv which exists among certain classes of out colonists may bo traced to their never-ceasing tendency to change. Still, what wc have said with respect to the rival ship of the various colonies' holds good, and will inllucnce not only the Arab portions of our popu lation, but also many of more settled habits. A r»TT »cclu opo, tlio subject 'of prudential measures for guarding against conflagrations and accidents from fire was broached in this township; hut, like many other momcntons and vital consi derations, it seems to have died away with the occasion from whxh it emanated, and no further immediate notice would be likely to be taken of it, until perhaps it was again forcibly urged upon the mind by a recurrence of soma similar dis aster. The recent calamity from fire nt Newcastle, and services of the fire-brigade in that city, urged upon the attention of our townsfolk the utility, value, nnd advantage of possessing a well orga nized, equipped, intrepid, active fire-britrade in case of oanger from the same source. The In spector of Insurance Fire Engines was then in the district, and his presence added to the considera tion. A movement was immediately initiated in favour of judicious and necessary steps for the purpose of burnishing up the engine which has lain dormant in its caboose for a length of time, renovating the machinery, the resuscitation and embodiment of the dismembered brigade, and taking such cautious and wise provisons as should give us a sense of security nnd hopefulness in the event of the alarming cry of ' Fire'1 being raised in the town or its vicinity. Strong expectations of reaping the benefit of Mr. Bown's ndvice, tact, knowledge, and experience, prevailed in connec tion with the project. Alas 1 Mr. Bown unfor tunately met with a severe mishap ; and the fabric so nobly and fuirly planned vanished into air — all our sanguine hopes wero centred in a bottle of smoke ! But this negligent spirit must not be allowed to exist, until forcible warning strikes us with de structive effect ond fearful conseouence. The hurrane and prudent should be up and stirring : ' prevention is better than cure.' The summer has come, but is not over, and there is yet possible apprehensions from fire. Look abroad at the hills which surround us within view, and the necessity of caution will have additional testimony from the spontaneous bush-fires rising up : a careless spark might carry immense destruction in its train, and, perhaps, entail permanent loss and misery to the sufferers, were such to occur among the numer ous weather-board erections in this district. We should not tempt such a dire fatality. Let the inhabitants promptly and energetically adopt oiioli moano ao ui uy bf- within compass and reason for the conferment of a reliable degree of conscious safety from the terrible contingencies ol fire upon the householders and residents of our towns by the formation and organization of at least a tolerably efficient corps of hardy, energetic, alert, and willing persons as a fire brigade, and let the engine and gear be thoroughly examined and put into proper working order. To effect the desirable object, a general meeting should be convened, and the subject fully deliberated and understood ; from which might spring an enlight ened and systematic plan of preservation. Such a laudable band and instruments as a brigade and engine cannot be too strongly advocated and supported. We feel convinced a public meeting on the subject would be attended with salutary results, and that temperate zeal and exertion in this regard will not be cast away. 