?TELEGRAPHIC COXUVNICATION WITH I . ENGLAND. I ",-....-LEoruHE AT THE-SCHOOL OF ABM.--- -I 1fr. F. Gisborne, n gentleman- recently arrivei in 1 colony, gavealeetura last evening at the School, of A on the subjeot of telegraphio communication between t Australian ooloniea and England. There waa a hiq! respectable attendance, numbering soma four bundi persons. I>r..'Wooixzy, wbo presided, ofter a fvw preparati : remarks introduced 2-; 'Mr. F. GISBORNE, who (¡aid ho" was very glad to fl that the question of telegraphio communication w « ' England, indeed he might soy with India and w " Europe generally,had excited somush interestas to seoi «» large au attendance there that eveaing. The grow; importance of telegraphio communication, and 1 numerous strides submarino telegraphy had mt within the la^t few years, had oiused serious steps lo taken to bring thoso, tho most »Hstant of nil the colon of Great Britain, into tho current of instantaneous co . munication which tho telegraph ensured. Ï great i'nterost that was felt here on the Biibjaet, was c of those happy circumstances that would tend to < courftgo'.hirn and nil thoso who we're similarly eniploj in this important subjvot 'in persevering until tb exertions actually resu'tod in the completi of tho proposed Australian line ; and had no doubt, that the plan of telegraphio co muniontion with these colonies, whiob was now gene-ally desired, would, before long, be realised. .1 would now point out to them what lines were cc struoted on tho rout -, and' whnt" wore in actual progrj and what linea wore about to be' commenced in a ve '. short time. Commencing from England. '? There vt the line from Falmouth to Gibraltar. That port waa be completed this very month. The cable for it w -ordered soma months ago, and by arrangemc it was to --be liid by the end of Septemb The importance of that branoh of tba line cot acaro dy ho over estimated, because it placed England its telegraphic communication with tho East, in a po tion independent of tho continent, thus almost ensuri -with England's supremacy of the sen-it3 securi except with regard to tho action nf the elements. T next stage of the lino was by way of Corm. That pi tion of the line was already in operation, and he t lieved it worked admirably. . The line would then continuad on to Alexandria. This section of the li was. the only part to India not .vet in aotunl progre! There was another route by which the European porlii of the line miaht be available. That was by way Calais, V oana, Buoharest, the Dardanelles, and Candi But, tinfortun itoly, tho cable to Candia had been loi and oo isequently would not be completed probably f some time. But tho'' othor way, by Corfu, would, u doubtodly bn laid very soon. Aoross Egypt and dov the Bed Sea thora existed n line' already laid last J un and he believed lt was in good working order. Tl lino then passed Aden a d went on by tho southe] coast, and the oablo for' that alaga'' wou bo laid in Novumbor or ? Deosrabor. C tho next sfa-.e, by wny of Calcutta nr Rangoon there was a line already in operation ; ac from Rangoon to Tennsserim a liuo was in ourse construe ion. From Tenassorim it .would be laid I . way of Singapore, and along a continuous ohnin i islands, and so on to Australia. From Stngopore i Batavia, where it passed a'cording to the nrranaemoi mido when ho left England, tho lino was to be laid i -Ojtobei-. From B.itivia to the east end of Java, a lin wis already laid, and tho Dutch by arrangement with tl British Government, allowed thora to have their ow agents, to seud. messages -in cypher, and to leav aa equal 'right to the uso of tho line - I Dutch Buljec's. So that nil tbo lines between tho ea: end of Java and England were either conslruolel or wei in oourso of progress. That ivas, the money was fonni and tho oíbles wevo actually manufactured, nud wot hoing actually shipped, exoopt tho line from Tonasserh to Singapore. Tho ciblo Irom Alexandria to Candia, li included also tho part not actually manufactured, hr that would be soon replace!. To-oonneot Aus'.raliu wit thoso lino',-from Java a line would bo enrried t Moreton Bty, by way of Timar, Port Essington and Cape York, . crossing ' tho Gulf ( Carpentaria. TO ' show ' thom how spoedil a line .waa generally, laid down, ..ho waul mention that it was only 7 or 8 years since the lino fror Dover to C liais was luir), and sinoo then tho wholo c , the submarine lino in oxistonc/i had been laid. In fad it was now found, that to keep pace with human pro gross, telegraphio communication «vas essential ; and ti the extraordinary advantages - it offered, must .be at . tributo! th3 rapid nn J almost universal development i .bad . met with, ITo would now alinda to those linei ' which - had boen unsuccessful in ' the opera ' tion. of laying. . Ou tho routs henoo ti England, tho only unsuccessful lino had beet that ft'oni Candia to*Alexandria; but that, ho had ni doubt, would be completed by tho tiruo it was requirei for t-JO Australian sorvice. Tho line from Ireland ti Newfoundland was laid at a depth of 1000 to 200Í fjtboms almost tho whola dUtanco; aud tho cabio foi that lino broke in tho laying down-ot-loa3t tho injury was tantnmoiiiit'to that, for-it whs of no practical USE : afterward v. -Tho line from A'exuiidrin to Candia else bro'rc in tho laying down, nud was lost in a depth ol .1600 fothumf. They - were tho only two unsuccessful Biilmuri io linos, lin wan nwaro tho Hue from Corfu, which was also in 1000 fa: hims of water, wai laid with groat success, and hal beon psrman mt'y working ever si ti OJ. .The lino from Sprxzla to Cjvsiea had al-io boori " - working permanently ; and tho line from Sardinia to Cap» Bou», in Africa, whiob was also in 1000 fathoms of water, bad also boon in au efficient statu sinoo its con- struction. Therefore they had two instances'of deop. soo lines nt work successfully, ami two which wuro lost in the libing. There was ono broad distinction between tho lino? north and south of tho Mediterranean. Tho Red Sea lina was essoutially a coast lino - following tho const very slavishly, and lio boliovod tbnt, in its wholo oaurse to Aden, its depth was never mon than 900 fathoms. From Aden to the next station tim lino also followed the const, und n iwlioru exceeded n depth o 200 fathom«. Tt then joined forno of tho India inland lines, and passed on by way of Calculi.)' und Rangoon. Then thoro was a soi lino from Ten.issorim to Singapore, which in depth, ii was well known, would never exceed 40 fut li o in s for ti didlnnco of 1(10 milos. Tl'on from Singapore to Batavi i the lino was extremely even,and not exceeding 70 fathom?. Beyond Java and Timor, th.? lino ha 1 bíeu woll s.iundorl, and theneo to tho colonias. It was found that in no caso would nny single .'poniôn of'thia lino oxaocd 18' miles in length ; that tliero would novar bo a point rf ibo cable moro than niuo miles from dry land. Frrini Timor tho sen-bottom cns most extraordinarily favour nblo for tho laying nixl preservation of tho o.ible. Im. TOoili.itoly s-mth ol' Timor t'-ero was a bank-not n roc-f -oxtfhdlng tor a considerable distance. Along thu edge of that they cnutd liiy tho . cable with perfect security, and theneo thoy lind sound injjs ns perfect ns nny in . tho world as for ns Port lissington,, between whioh 'points tho lino wan ni mora than 60 futhom3 elonp. As they np. proachod G ipa York nones tho Gulf of Cnrpontnrit, tho depth WÛB greatly lessened, nrul wns about 25 fathoms, nnd beyond tho Capo, n bank of soft mud was found to run ulong tho const, thin off-ring n fl rat ruto bod for thu cabio nt a depth of ab-ut Ifi fathoms. Thus, ho could neaort, without fear of oontrndiction. thut tho wholo of tho line from J iva to Mnro'on Uty, wns of a most favourable- description for the purpose. Some persons bad suggested, Unit ijornl reefs might bo found injurious, but ho would cxplnin, that where a télégraphie cabio was being-laid, n pilot i-tenmer caro fully mounded in advance, bi luging up Hpocimons from tho bottom as they, went ulong, «nd wherever there was n oloar channel there they would lay tho nublo, with the ordinary precautions Theraloiv, it wns perfectly iniran toriul whother thor« was ono or a thousand reefs, beuause it wftHOvidont to every ono that, to thoso skilled in tho jproooss, n oloar pissngo would bn fnnnJ between tho reefs. : Ho would now yay something ns tu tho construc- tion of thu o-iblo. Tho notunl read along whioh tho elontrioity travelled was not thicker than two pins heads. All the rest of tho cable was for its proteoliun ; for if thu walor oamo into contaot .with tho olootiiol y tho current would bo diverged ond des troyod for useful purpos.-s wholly or in pail; ai that soma intervening mudium was ri qu red. The nitiole asod was gutta pureba, whioh would not conduct eloutri city, Tho copper wir i itseir was composed af 7 «t:nnds, thu object of that hoing', in tho nveut ol' injury, that thore should bo a IUHH iihanoo of n total Separation, and nlno bottiu- meant- of f.ici ¡tiling tho proper junction of tho cable, it being oonstiuoled' in pieoan of only ono milo long, and tho numerous Hlr.iruli mutier, lng tho splioo muoh Btrnnner, For thoso reasons almost nil hindern tnlogrnpliio onblon wor.i mndo with 5 or 7 (Urambi. (Iver thom Charo'wen .'four layers nf mitin percha, and then a oovor'n,'} of hemp, tho' wholo boluc nrotooted by a coating of iron wire, so ns to provint Injury when in oontaot willi tho button) or tho nco. lt might he ii question whether iron nhoiild hu UROII nt all, but into that ho wouldnot enter then. Mr, Oisborno thou dflîoribod tho operation of tiblnitiitig guttn pnrohn. Ho hail bonn informed by o gutitlenmn rojblcnt in Sumntrii, »bat Ibo Mnlnyi wore onlrl-iyed in parties to ob'nin it. They wont into the toronto, and tho troon required lo furnish it wore out flown, lind Ibo bark -snipped <i(T This wns sont to Kn«, latid and submitted to various proíosBon of moistening n nt kneading, noil wits Dually sent to Ibo ooulinotor fur tbe iron coiling of the cable. The Bed Sea.cable wa« manufactured at tba rute of 160 to SOO j mile!.' . week, Ia piyiog oat . the cable they were »err liable . loT " kinka" which were'caused by twisting, and io .that' .case' tbe t gutta percha wai force! outside" the iron'coating, and perhaps the'copper wire oamo into contact with thé ¡rou or the sea, thus destroy- ing its insulation. In deep water liability to accidents of that sort was greater, and snob operations could only be carried out by persons thoroughly well up to the work, and who knew bow to act in every variety of acci- dents of that description. - The ship for laying tbe oable had also a pioking up maohine. They could , pick up a oable at 200 fathoms deep, by throwing out a grappling iron with a sort of eagle's daw ; and when the oable was found, they could bring it up, splice the injured part, and throw it back into the sea, in os sound a state as ever. For instance, he saw that done ot Aden, and effeotually. Wbon an injury occurred to the cable, it was known by an instrument called n galvanometer, which registered- the loss, of electricity and fixed the distance at which it had occured, at least yeiy approx- imately. For instanoe, when the line to Cagliari was injured, tbe locality was indicated by an instrument at Malta, as at a distance of .about 170 miles. Tho cable was taken up at 100 fathoms, and raised un'il the injured part WAS met with, whiob was at n distance of 180 miles, thus showing the approximate oorreotnoss of the instrument. But that line had since got out of order, and ho did not know whether it was. now at work or not. At Aden, he remembered, in pay- ing out the line a "kink" occurred'there, and the gal. vnnometfr traced it to be at a distance of six miles. On a ship going to the point indicated, it was found to be within 100 yards of the injury. With tho improvements- that were now being rcnde .every day, the - faoility of effecting repairs ' would of course, become rapidly increased. Ha wonld allude to some of tbe arrangements on tbe lines between Java and England. . He bad already alluded to the arrange- ment between the Dutoh and British Governments, and that on tho Dutch line no tariff was to be oharged but such as was assented to by tbe British Government. Thonee to the Bed Sea the lines were in British hands, and ho understood that tho Egyptian and Persian Go verumerits had allowed them a leane of tho Bed Sea line (tho laying of which he superintended) for 00 years free of expense, tho lino to be BS much under their controlas -if it were in England. From the Bed Sea they passed into the Mediterranean, where it wasquitesure the lines would be under the control of the British Government. Thus all.t!ie linet, botween Singapore and England' were in British hands, and from Java to Moreton Biy they would also be in English hands, the intervening line, although in tbe handd of the Dutch, being by arrangement equally available. And they had the further security for the gool conduct of the Dutch, that their messages must pass through Britisb linos. Now as to the cost of tbe proposed line from the east end of Java to Moreton Hay. If a cable Birailar to that adopted for the Bed Sea and India lino were also adopted for the proposed Aus- tralian liue, it would cost complete £700,000 to £720,000. Tho promoters proposed to Hs the capital at £800,000, so as to have a sttfficidnt reserve fun'J, and would undertake to- raise that amount in the Bondon market, on reoeiving from the colonies a six per cent, guarantee on the out- lay, which was not to exceed £800,000, for fifty years, -on the: basis of the 4J per oent. given by the Home Government to-the Bod Sea and Indian line. They had suggested th it the liability should bo distributed between tbe several oolonios, on Ihe basis of tho postal subsidy, under whiah Victoria would have to guarantee 08 per cent of the six per cont., on the £720,000, mak- ing £20,060'; and New South Wales and Queensland in the proportion of 2 i per oent., or £0504. This line would toko eighteen months to complete, after that the gua- rantee to be paid would only be the difiérenos botween the receipts and six per cent., which he hoped would be nothing. Ho had written to the Government of this colony on behalf of the Company ho represented, but had not reseived'an answer yet, but he boped the result of his mission here would be suoh as to encourage them to prooced. He would just add that the line from Moreton Bay would pass within five miles of tbs coast, and would easily, by branch lines, open up nil that coast to' telographio communication, thus for tho proportion of 22 per cent., giving this colony peculiar advantages. (In answer to a quostion from Mr. Dyer.J Mr. Gisborne said bo thought tho coast communication,'as proposed, by sea from Moreton Bay, preferable to an inland tele- graph, because a'sea'line could be do ormined as to ex- penso and the limo required for construction, whereas an internal lino would have to pass through a considerable extent of almost unknown distriots, and would be sub joot to injury from the.natives, from storms, floods, and bush-fires, one or, other of whioh causes might occur weekly, whereas 'the " sea cab'e could only be injured by a . ship's anuhor, and that would rarely occur. And . further, thero was no data, as to the probable .expense or time re- quired ia constructing an internal line. If the receipts from messages amounted to tho required guarantee, the colony would havo nothing to pay collectively; tho oi ly expense would be that of sending racssag e. Sir . C. Nicholson was in favour of tho viows sug- gested by Mr. Gisborne in reference to the advantages offered hy the cast eoasl ; but, as some of tbs o.hor Australian colonies, such as Adelaide, had advocatod the superiority of tbe-west'coast, he would like to hear Mr. Gisborno's opinion on that point. Mr. Gisborne, wbon he arrived in Victoria, tho Governor and tho colonists there ; generally were in favouc of the line by ' the western coast of- Australia, by way of Coylon or Java, and the North Cape, The most fonsiblo of the western lines would be by Java, and tho North Capo, but a distança of 000 milos then intervened, in a sea undoubtedly extremely deep, with rio islands between, and with a depth of water of from 2.00 to 3000 fathoms. In snob aline if a cable accident happened they would be under as much difficulty in picking up tho .cable as on the Newfoundland line. Another objeotiou would be tho increased length of time required to send mossagos. By'the. eastern route they could send twenty words per minute, but he bolieved, by the western line, they oould uot send nbt/vo half that number ia tho same time, in consequence of tho undivided length of soma of tho parts. Again, there was a much strong! r swell on the western coast of Australia, as was well known, thin on tbe east, whero a quiet sea generally prevailed, therefore tho oporation of picking up tho cabio- would be muoh moro difficult ; then the western cable would pass a part of Australia whi h WK s comparatively uninhabited, whereas, by far tho bulk of the population tended this >vay. The prin- cipia reason offered in favour of tho western line was, that it was in tho line of postal communication. Now, the only advnntago that would bring wculd bo to give notice of the arrkal of tho steamers five or six days in ndvunce, not ns to their nows, for that would be antici- pated by nearly two months. The only peculiar benefit would, therefore, bo to ship owners. Mr. STANI-EÏ: Were Viotorian gentlemon convinoedby your objections ? Mr. OitinoRNB : Y s. Mr. M'Gowan was quite con- vinced af;or my objections, that the lino by the east on nt w as tho proper line, and the Victorian Govorument bad undertaken to bring the whole quostion before Parliament'immediately on its assembling. Tho expooBO of tho cable was about £105 a milo at the workshop, out about £108 a mite including tho expenses of l,<yiug clown. The coat depended on tim quantity of oopper and gultn-pcrcha. Tho Bed Sen cable had 180 lbs. of copper por milo, while the quantity used in tho Atlantic cable was only 00 lbs, per mile. Sir C. NICHOLSON: Assuming this work completed, would it not require £100 a day to poy tho expenses, andis it likoly such an amount would bo so expended. Mr. GisBortNE : The principal souroo of revenue be- tween Moreton liny and Java would ba hy ship'. Ho thought ovory ship touching at Australian shores would havo to Bond ot least two messages, one of arrival and ono of dopnrturo. He there, foro thought tho number of mossag'S ' by ship* ooming from a distance might bo multiplied by four at the loast. Although ho had no oxnot data of the shipping calling nt Australian ports, he bolieved that 700 vossola at least called at Melbourne annually. Then thero would bo n revenuo from tho meroantile oommunity trading abroad, who would nvtrngo say two messages a woek. Then thero wero tho offlaiul massages, and tho messages of, tho Press, for he thought ovory important nowspnprr would toad at lo.ist twice a weok. Then thoro wero domestic and personal mossngos. Ile there- fore oBtimated that if tho lino wns in full working order it would pay about £1300 a day for tho whole of the colonia*, assuming a message of twenty words from Moreton Bav to Javn coat 80s. They did not know what torlff would ho oharged over tho rest of tho routo. Bu1 it is very cheap in India, awl tho Dutoh would only ohargo Hitch a torlfT as would bo assented to by the British Government. Mr. aoitooN asked what would ho tho ostlmato to koop tho lino in working ordor. Mr- OtsnonNB anltl that at each station thero would prnlmbly ho ntl extra supply of wire, nnd a small Hteamor «ny of 100 tons, would ho kept hy tho Company for the purposes of tho lina, partly to snpply tho oable and partly to effect repairs with. Tho wholo working exponaos nf tho line, ha oatimitod nt something lesa than £20,000 annually, including JC50OO for the sto.imer. Tho only damage that would ocour would be a frnoluro to tho cable, nnd,that oould only give riso toa doltty ol a few doy», until tho Btenmor oould go to the locality IIB indicated by tho galvanometer, Tho fishing up «nd.spüotog tba cabla,could qot. take more than » | fear boura. If tba colonies-frive tba required guarantee,,' Ibo Company'would «How bfHóial"diireoto'r£" " -***' ' ! Mr. STE wini : How ia thia colony to" pay only i £10,000. ' f Mr. GisBonsE : We bara suggested therbasis of the postal aubaidy aa the most equitable. " . In answer to Mr. EAOEB, Mr. GISBORNE said that the I messages of tho several colonies, and of the colonies and ludia would take their obanoe of transmission in the order they arrived. Should the European lines meet with moro work than they could do, they would no doubt ba doubled, for it would pay to. do so. By a clause in tho Company of the Bod Sea- line, the Home «iovern^ ment oould use all surplus profits over 10 per cent, for thal purpose.. Mr. ROBIN.-What time would a ' message take for transmission to England ? Mr. GISBORNE : Messages oan be sent about 1000 miles without repeating, so .that you would be able to transmit a message to England by fourteen transmis- sions. And if you take into consideration tbe lots of tim >, I should think it oould be done to London ina couple of li -Urs at most. It might be delayed at inter modiato stations for half a day.' I dare say tbe expense of a mossage of 20 worda would be *5 or £0. ? At the oonelusion of Mr. Gisborne's remark*1, he WQB loudly and very warmly cheered. i 