ANCIENT INDEPENDENT OEDEE OF ODDFELLOWS. THE ROSE OF SHARON LODGE. I ne anniversary dinner of this Lodge was held at the Fountain Inn, Glen Osmond, on Thursday 'vening, 2«tb ol May, when a large number of the brotherhood assembler to commemorate the event. The large room of the hotel was arranged in the same old style for which Mr. Bock is cele- brated. The viands and wines were offirst-class quality, and at abont half-past 7 o'clock about 50 gentlemen sat down to an excellent dinner. The chair was occupied by G M Sherring, supported by Près. Joues and P.S. Cranston ; the Vice-chair was filled by C.S. Durieu, supported by Br. Ft>\ and Sec. Fisher. On the removal of the cloth, the CHAIRMAN proposed the usual loyal toasts. "The health of the Governor, Sir Richaid Graves MacDonnell" was then given, and elicited wann and enthusiastic applause. Tue CHAIRMAN then proposed "The Army and Navy," which was responded to in soldierlike style by Brother Fox. well known and so well appreciated, that it was unneces-nrv for him to say much on the subject. It was at least cei lam that none of those who might be in connection with the Order would eyer have occasion;to visit either the Workhouse or the Destitute Asylum. C. S. DURIEU responded, and said t!¡at within the tot three years the Society liad increased by 482 member» ; thal the funds had increased by 303/. 9s. 5d. ; that the total mem- bers now goo l on the books was 876; and Uiat the total fund amounted to 2,126/. The Order had made ri>-)'i«*i progress within, the last few years ; certainly it was small' p-j compared with the Manchester Unity, but it hal made vur\ rapid progress. It had progressed more than ¡my ollie" Society. The Manchester Unity had great funds, but th»v were not increasing like Hie Ancient Independent oiruv He was glad to mention that during the last three years i-> new lodges had been opened. The benefits of the <">r.U'r wei ë well kuown to he very çreat ; but as probably there \\\ ¿n somc gentlemen present who did not know how these matters stood, he might mention that on the death of a brother his widow leccived 35/.; on the death of a brother's wife r>7 was allowed ; and U. a week was allowed to each brother lil sickness, besides the attendance of a surgwn. When snob noble objects were kept in view, the Society must continue to make rapid progress. The CHAIRMAN pi\ posed " The Royal Rose of Simon Lodge." 'The large company present was evidence of' rho high rjpute and great respect with which rhe true nrii cip'cs of Oddfeilowship were carried out in the Ancient Independent Order. He did not wish to laud either the Lo life or if* officers, but he sincerely felt that the officers of the' Rose of Sharon Lodge were model otficeis, and that the Lodge itself was a model Lodge. He did not say that out of any compliment) to the Lodge or any of its members, but he ex- pressed if'as his sincere and firm opinion. The Lodge had made rapid progress, numbering between 40 and 50 members. The funds were also incieasing, and he was happy to say thai there was very little sickness amongst the membeis. He then referred with regret to the absence of Brother Child-, from illness, bur he was now recovering, and would probably be with them on the next night. Ile attributed generally the prosperity of the Lodge to Officers first in the chairs of the Lodge, alluding speciallv to President Jones, who was the first V.G., and the first N.G . and who was unavoidably detained at the Port on that evo«-. ing. He also referred to the services rendered bv brother Cranston, who was the Secretary of the Lodge- at"the tim«, and whose books were kept yery clearly and correctlv. lie should not omit to refer in equally complimentary terms to the present officers, who were doing full justice to theLod^e and the Order geuerally. He would -always give credit where credit was due, as he would bo ready to censure where cen- sure was due. TI12 Cb.aU man then concluded by wishing that at the next annual meeting the numbers would be consider- ably increased. Secretary FISHER responded, and observed that although the Rose of Sharon Lodge was the youngest, it was not the least important. It numbered 44 memoeis; la«t year its [ funds amounted to £24. and it was expected that live new members would very soon be initiated. ' Près. JONES proposed "Thj Health of the District 1 Officers " in a highly complimentary speech. I The CHAIRMAN returned thanks, and observed that the eulogiums which had been passed on the District Officers were not due to them alone, but also to the brethren of the Lodge, and The Order generally^ by whom the Dis- trict Officers had been 30 well supported. The District Officers had serious and onerous duties to perform. They had endeavoured to perform them, and if they had succeedetl, and their efforts met with the appreciation of the biethren, the District Officers weie content. Mr. REWLING proposed "Prosperity to all Friendly Societies." He was not a member of any one of them, but from what he had learned, and what he had seen, he thought that the sooner he became a member the better. ' C.S. DURIEU returned thanks, and observed that at the present time the three friendly societies-the Manchester Unity, the Foresters, and the Ancient Independent Order of Oddfellows, numbered 455,000 members, and that out of that large number, only one out of every 100,000 was annually expelled for felony or such like. That was a fact which, from statistical papers, he was prepaied to show to any per- son who would take the trouble of calling at his residence. He should say, at the same time, that about five ant of every 100,000 were expelled annually for offences against the nil"-, of the Order, divulging secrets, and similar breaches of rule. Br. P.S. CRANSTON proposed " The Ladies," which was responded to by Seoietary Rix, of the Apollo Lodge. Brother CRANSTON then proposed "The Agricultural Interest, and Success to the Vintage of South Australia." Mr. BIRRCLL responded to this toast. He had been up the country lately, and saw that everything looked most pro- mising for the agriculturist. He had also been in the dis- trict of the scenes ol' the late disastrous bush-fires, and the expression of thankfulness ot the people for the remunera- tion they received from the Central Relief Committee was most gratifying and satisfactory. Br. See. FISHER piopoaed "The Visitors." Hehadmwh pleasure to see so many visitors present, not only brethren of the Order, but gentlemen who were not yet members, and he trusted that they would soon avail themselves of the oppor- tunity of joining a Society where so much fraternity and brotherly love existed. Mr KING, a visitor, on the call of the Chairman, return«! thanks on his own behalf and that of the numerous visitors he saw around bim. His father had held onerous posts in the distinguished and honorable order of Freemasonry, ans.1, he hoped at a future day to be enabled to join the Ancient and. Independent Order of Oddfellow.«. 1 The CHAIRMAN then proposed "The Stewards of the Rose of Sharon Lodge," and p-dd a high compliment to their suc- cessful exertious in providing the splendid entertainment which they had all so truwh enjoyed 011 that occasion. Br. MACKLIN, returned thauks, and said that the stewards had dou.2 their utmost to piovide for the comfort of their friends, observing at the same time that the chief thanks of the company wera due to the Host and Hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Bçsfe, who had so successfully carried out ali tis« arrangements of the stewards. Brs. CRANSTON and JONES jointly and severally proposed "The Press," which was responded to by Mr. G- M. All. n for the Advertiser and Weekly Cl'rcniele, and by Mr. Rix for the RegUter and Observer. C. S. DURIEZ proposed the health of the Grand Master, their chairman during the evening, in flattering terms, which was duly íespoiided to by that gentleman, ai>d who in return proposed the Vice-Chairman, C. S. Durieu, reviewing in detail his many responsible and onerous duties as Corresponding Secietaiy, and concluded by calling for a bumper and no heel taps. , C. S. DURIEU returned thanks, utter which, th» health of the host and hostess was proposed, and responded to by Mr. Boclç, and the proceedings, which were of a very agreeable and Iraternal character, were brought to a close at about 12 o'clock. 