MONDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 7. Twenty-five thousand souls left tliis colony during the past year! Sueli is one of the most prominent facts recorded in the summary which we issued for transmission to Europe by the last maiL Five per cent, of the whole population emigrated. We do not know of any other country in the world out of which so large a proportion of the people has been drafted In former years there was a prevalent impression that the majority of outgoing passengers had made fortunes, and [were going elsewhere to spend them. No suck delusion prevails now. It is well understood that nine out of ten of those who turn their backs on Victoria, do so because they have been bitterly disappointed,—because they hare failed in (hiding a home in this El Dorado of their dreams. We may bo blahied for telling the disagreeable and damaging truth, but it is the truth not withstanding, that there are vast numbers of our people who are trying to scrape toge ther funds enough to pay their passages to other Lands where the greater certainty of a steady reward to industry may be cal culated upon. It is true that the immigration still ex ceeds the exmigration, but the proportion between them Ls quickly becoming changed. In 1857 the arrivals as compared with the departures were three to one. In 1858, the proportion was three to two. Progress after this fashion will soon eventuate in retrogression. The ugly facts we have been laying bare are far from being new discoveries. Their development began with the introduction of our present commercial system. Politicians of the Convention school have attempted to lay the fault 011 our land system. But it is a circumstance fatal to their theory, that during tbfi past year land was easily ac cessible—could not be more so, indeed, unless it were given away,—and yet the disagreeable facts were never so conspicuous nor so ugly as at the present time. People are now beginning to trace the effects to their real cause. There arc few, if any men, who take to gold-digging as Ac occupation of a life. Artizans and 1 iradesinen are willing to abandon their : specialties for a season ; to sacrifice their labiis and inclinations for a few months, or 1 few yesrs, with the hope of : achieving somb extraordinary Miokc bf good fortune. After the romantic drtam begins to fade away, they elterish the idea of get ting at least a sufficiency wberewilh to recommence their former and more con genial pursuits. Should this more mode rate anticipation be realised, a fresh diffi culty rises up before them. There is no scope for the exercise of their industry—no remunerative market for the products of their craft. If they would realise their wishes on this head they must go elsewhere —hack, perhaps, to where they came from. Take, again, the case of the hopelessly unlucky diggers—and their name is legion. They follow fortune until all hope is lost. They, wish to return to their former occupa tions as journeymen on wages. They go about looking for work. There is not only no work to be had at the time, but they find that the trade has become almost if not quite extinct. Employers have been driven to tho diggings aiso. Where work shops formerly existed there are stores filled /with the ready-made imported article; and if the workman wishes to find employ ment at his trade, he must go to the country where the ready-made goods come from. To accomplish this, he goes back to the gold-fields once more, in the hope of getting enough wherewith to pay his passage, and to add another unit to the number of re turned emigrants for the current year. The true prosperity of a colony depends upon . immigration and exportation—the bringing-in of people and the sendiug-out of the produce of their industry. The pre sent policy of Victoria is the reverse of this. Importation and exnwjration—the intro duction of ready made articles and the ex patriation of workmen—go together. The dissemination of sound views on this sub ject is now going on so rapidly and so ex tensively, that there is a reasonable ground for the hope that before another year shall come round, tangible progress will he made in the establishment of a sounder system of finance and a more equitable' regulation of foreign trade. I The sixth of February, 1831, is marked in the Victoria Ealendar as Black Thursday. From the Murray Biver to the seaboard— from the "Dividing Bange to Cape Otway —the colony was swept by a bush-fire. In 1855, on the same day Of the month, hap pened the hottest day .known between the two dates indicated; and the same day of the month (yesterday) may bo quoted as the hottest day, since February 6th, 1855. Not pretending to be weatherwise—dis'okhning anything at all approximating to the pro fundity of _ a Mtntriir, we merely draw attention to the coincidence of extreme heats, taking place on the same day of the month, at long intervals. If there were any prospect of getting on the Estimates for these scientific observations, the fact of calling attention to them might lead to suspicion that we had some interest in propounding them. Such, however, is not the case. Our intention is to use these coincidences for subject matter, wanting anything better, during a sudorific state, induced by a high temperature, demanding intermittent sea-bathing, hourly ablutions" and constant applications to refreshing driiiks, varying from sherbet to fermented liquors, from effervescence to potential draughts diluted—not by water—but by a | liquid—adesignatiou that thearticlo is barely i entitled to, except "Jack Rao " be accept-! ed as an authority, and "stagnation be the only thing moving." A night of dead! calm, canopied over by a doad heat, pre- j luded Sunday morning; sun-break was sulphurous; dawn was unbearable; a hot swathing cloud enveloped the town. Res piration hung in the atmosphere, and healthy breathing became a business. When the Sun had overcome the unpleasant efforts of early rising, and thrown off its orient bed-clothes like a languid voluptuary, it looked very pale, snoozed under a sheet of mist, and disappeared in a wise foshion before a fiery nor'-wester that drove vehemently mid victoriously in a storm of grit, under which the town lay invisible as though its fate was to be that of a second Pompeii. High up the storm careered, sweeping and gyrat ing, and making "whirlpools in the air," all I the morning long, with rare panses, when the sun would break through, and glare with a deadening heat, fanned by a hot blast. Children ruffled and cross, cowered around oppressed parents and cried for drink and coolness, longing in their hearts' for the nearest approximation to nudity. Admirers, of Leaxder sought solace in the bay " Pressing their heels against the springy wave— Laughing from their hps the audacious brine." And emerging with something like a bear able feeling of coolness restored, and laxity of muscle braced. It is all very well for Monday morning readers to ignore the tem: perature of Sunday, but in delicate organi sations committed to thought, anil racked with ratiocinations, these changes, of tom pqrature (ell with a deadly effect. We appeal, to Merctuy, bubbling through his giass tube from 80- to 105-, and as we are tuld to 111-, how ho feels. The fluids in our human vessels have risen too; hut mor tal being, differing according to.oonstitutiou, is not scientifically marked though many a bulging eye was directed yesterday to the freezing point. The sixth of Februaiy, 1859, is a day got over—a fearful day, un accompanied with disastrous consequences— a reminder of what has occurred, and may occur again, though in a mitigated form and under different circumstances. As we began we end by referring to periodical' eoiufi deuces 