THE last few hot days have been productive of fearful fires, though we are not yet in possession of sufficient information to justify any general statement of the disaster or estimate of the loss. We have published tolerably full details of the conflagrations around Macclesfield, and it is now our painful duty to direct attention to what we fear will prove to «be the much more serious devastations southward. According to the statements of ov,r [Port Elliot correspondent, the fiery deluge, which, rushing down the hills^ poured its resistless floods into the Hindmarsh and Inman "Valleys, must have been a scene of awful grandeur-. But whilst a magnificent exhibition of the operations of Nature, it was also the cause of ruin to many. As tja.6. country gets settled it is obvious that these bush-fires will grow every year more and more terribly disastrous in their effects. Instead of grass, and sorub, and forest, the hungry flame will feed upon fences, stacks, cattle, implements, homesteads ; and happy are those who have time to snatch a few of their most valuable or useful articles before they abandon house and home to the fire. There is something really dreadful in the idea of these summer fires. It might he thought that as population increased they would be less fre- quent and less extensive, but this does not appear to be the case. The more numerous the popu- lation the more numerous the travellers, whose pipes and camp fires light up these fearful burnings. Of course, when population concen- trates in toions, the amount of help at hand is so great that a fire in th,e immediate suburbs may be, though not without difficulty, subdued ; but as respects the country districts no increase of population will ever compensate, by the extin- guishing of fires, the greater riisfc that is run of their being kindled, Jp. fectf wben everything \ ' ' K' is m a highly combustible condition, and when a strong wind is blowing, it would be utterly Impossible to beat out a well-fed bush fire, even if 100 men were on the spot within five minutes of its outbreak. Still something ought to be done; and we think the subject one that the Crown Lands Office should take up. Even if we gained no more than an official and authentic report of the nature and value of tho damage done, it would | tend, in some measure, to pave the way for mea- sures of protection. The District Councils should act in this manner. Absolutely to prevent bush fires is, no doubt, impossible ; but the destructive flames ought not to be allowed to approach the confines of such places as the townships of Mac- clesfield and of Port Elliot. There are un- doubtedly points where District Councils, by burning down a clear space, might effectually arrest the progress of a fire, and perhaps in a situation where its further extension would be marked by the mo3t disastrous consequences. The late fires have ruined many a poor hard- working man. He has stood by and seen the fruits of his hard toil reduced to ashes in a few short minutes ; or has been himself compelled to fly from the death that else awaited him. Some- thing should be done to check this sacrifice of property, which, if left to the carelessness of the smoker, the camp fire-lighter, or the log blaster, will every summer be in increasing jeo- pardy. The strictest laws should be enacted and enforced against any act which involves the risk of creating a bush-fire ; but as, after all prohibi- tions and penalties, these ,oSence3 will occur, there ought to be proper measures taken for at least averting the march of so destructive an enemy as fire in a parched and inflammable land. We shall be glad to be furnished by our friends» jn the country with further d-taibiof the late disastrous fires, and especially with parti- culars of the property consumed. Something should be done for the relief of those whose losses are the most serious, and whose prospecta have thus suddenly disappeared in the flames. 