MACCLESFIELD. [From our Correspondent ] February 10. : A. coroner's inquest in connection with the late appalling fire was held yesterday before S. L. Harris, Esq., J.P., when the following witnesses, were exa- mined : — C. F. Smith, farmer, Watergate ; W. Wilkins, gardener, Watergate; W. Schepcott, farmer, Water- gate; G. Seedham, sen., farmer, Watergate; W. Chan- dler, farmer, Watergate; Emma Lloyd, Three Brothers', Survey; Hannah M. Lloyd, James Corner, Wm. Hey- ward, and Walter Hey ward. The whole of the evidence went to show that the 'fire originated in .a section belonging to Mr. John Heyward near Echunga, but there was. no evidence to show what was the cause of the fire. The fire was first seen on Thursday, the 3rd inst. The verdict of the Jury was — "That the.fire originated in a section belonging to Mr. John Heyward, near Echunga, but by what means it was started, there is no evidence to show." The following is a list of the names of the sufferers :— . Henry Hill, W. Schepcott, and J. Claik, houseless; W. Anderson, C. Chandler, houseless; David Mott, houseless; G. Seedham, sen., houseless; C. Fry, John Powel, E. Bolleyner, houseless; J. Barry, J.Davis, John Kane, houseless; — Latriff, houseless; John Reiken, houseless; Mrs. O'Connor, John Ryan, house- less ; — Crick, houseless; G. Gordon, houseless; - Kinger (husband and wife both upwards of 60 years of age), houseless; B. Albert, houseless; .John Horner, houseless; W. Marks, houseless; . James Mott, houseless; M. Ryan, houseless; Joel Fry, W. Downs, T. Dunn, E. A. Davis, C. Pasfield; houseless; — 'Williamson, houseless; C G.Sehedlich, houseless; and others. The loss in corn, furniture, &c.;, is estimated at £2,600; fences, &c.;, at £2,500. This does not include grass, cattle, pigs, gardens, &c.; A public meeting was held on Tuesday, the 8th inst., for the purpose of taking immediate steps to relieve the distress occasioned by the fire. The Rev. J. B. Austin having been called to the chair, addressed the meeting at great length. A statement of the loss sustained was read by Mr. Linn, who also addressed the meeting. The number pre- sent was about 120. The resolutions passed at the meeting will be found in our advertising columns. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. The Committee met in the afternoon and distributed relief in rations, &c;, to a number of families, equal to 27 adults, for one week. 