QEELONQ. (FROM OUR OWÍí CORRESPONDEN f.) Tuesday, November 22. .moro »vas a tolorably good muster of farmor* to-day at tho farm of Mr. Donald M'Andrew, Lonely Banks, about 7 miles from town, for the purpose of witnessing tho competition of tha rcnping and mowing machines that obtained prizes at our last agricultural exhibition. The pnly two implements entitled to competo wera, unfortunately, both the manufacturo of tho sam j maker, Messrs. Robinson and Co,, Melbourne! but a third was exhibited by a Mr. Gillespie. Owing to the distance from toivn, I could not remain long enough to see all tho jnoohines at "?work. They had boon tried on the early part ' of the forenoon ; but the horses had boon un- yoked, and woro in the stable when I arrivod. About 1 o'clock a good many visitors having mustored from tho surrounding districts, Mr. M'Androw invited thom all to partake of a sub- stantial cold lunch and the mccessary adjunct«, which boing discussed, a secund visit to the field followed. Tho first implomont set to work was Robin- son's improved mowor ande reaper, with side delivery action for mowing, and self-acting baok dolivery in bundles ready for binding for reaping. Tho construction of this implement is oxceedmorTy simplo, only one cogivhepl Deina employed, The knives have a single action with doublii cut, and good, steady lateral siveop. The main" frame is entirely of wrought-iron, and not linblo to break- age By having a largo travelling »vlioel, »vith the cultera placed bohind the same, the latter aro" at liberty to adapt themselves to the undulating sur- face of any ground., ?'it Mr. Robinson's othor -prize machino is vory, Fi'niilar to the former, exeopt .that it has no Imolc d livery, and that it has a. vertical spindle oír, which the gatheter works. It is alco fitted with i an incline cam-rail, which gives the proper posi- tion to tho gatherers and rake. . Tho third implement was ono of a lot of six lccently imported by a Mr. R. AV. Olllospio, and jatcnted, but unproved >by Mr. David, of Durham. The one on tho ground had boon'ex- hibited by Lord Kinnaird, at Aberdeen, .and orj'nlnod a prizo; and was no»v the property of Mr. M'Androw. It is a reaper and mower r)om linod. Tho knives boing toothed on tho under surface, they requiro no sharpening. It hka a sweep of out of about five and a half foct, bein? l8 inehos moro than usual, and tlio kui» os havo a Fingió action. The first machino I havo noticed nos sot to work reaping in a rather thin crop of gi eon oats, not at alf favourable for shoiving off ils merits, but it got through its »york most admirably ; and, judging from tho appearance of tho work done by (he other implements, thoy all seem to be well adapted for the purposo thoy wero made. As I could not possibly »voit until the trial »vos con- cluded, I had to loavo in timo to catch the post from town; but if I can get tho decision of the judges this evening, I will forward snmo by tele- gram. Tho crops in this district generally aro looking healthy, but a good many of them aro rather light. Anoihcr day or night's steady rain would bo voi y beneficial to most of them, Tlieio »vas rather a thin muster of people last. dening again at tho whaling mooting, and nnangemonts wero mado for canvassing for share- holder? boforo another meeting should bo called. Perhaps if a Melbourno company of this kind was established, our capitalists would prefer investing thoir money in it. Tho weather to-day has been -very warm, and indeed sultry. Two bushfires appear in tho dis- tance-one towards tho coast, and another in the direotiou of Mount Moriac. ". 