By way one would presume of making atonement for past failures, the fioyalilail Steam Company, are at the close of then- Australian bareer deter mined to give the world assurance of their power -to do somethingworthy of universal approbation. Within an hour or two of her contract time the Emeu with, the December mail of the 16th, and with news to December 20, dropped anchor on Monday in the waters of Victoria- The liews is of a most diversified and .important :inature. Amongst the most interesting items we notice $n offer of pardonby. Louis Napoleon to Montalem- herb, the terms; of whose sentence we publish fcelow. 'Bar the sake of the cause of ftee diseus sioninFrancewe rejoice to flndthatMontaleirAert has declined accepting theproflferedbopn. Hehas appealed against the decision of h^udgeB,_jantd. is content to abide by die result, This dignified attitude is quite in keeping J#it3i all that this really great man Ms said and done, Xpuis Napoleon will bitterly repent 4ke tour when in ?the person of one of her noblest and most -gifted sons he attempted to strangle the truth he dares not listen to* . : . .From France we look towards Italy, and feel the areadful silence which precedes the tJujnder. Beetlessaess and doubt sre pointing to events which, ere long, promise to give some troaBla to Europe. The people, were rife for a revolt, and an insurrection at Milan was momentarily anticipated. Spam and Portugal had been flighted from their propriety by an earthquake, the shock of which is represented as having been very severe. A great panic prevailed, but the -destruction had not been considerable. Clouds and darkness were hanging over France and Austria. A rupture between these powers was believed to be imminent. . Leaving the Continent, our attention is directed towards America, where the spirit of Filibus terism is, we are glad to observe, being energeti cally dealt with by the President. It is quite time that a country like the United States should take this matter up with a high hand. The mail brings somS important news from Ireland. Ribbon Societies were increasing to £uch an extent that the Lord-Lieutenant had felt it necessary to issue a proclamation- on the sub ject Other indications of alarm had also jpre iented themselves. The spirit of Wolf Tone seemed to jralk abroad, and«everal persons had actually been arrested on the charge of having seriously eonnwed with certain American Fili busters for the invasion of Ireland; In ihe absence of further intelligence than what, is furnished in our telegram, we abstain comment ing upon this most extraordinary circumstance; SVom India the intelligence is highly sa tisfactory. In all the engagements that had taken place between the rebels and the ..British troops, the hitter had been invariably victorious. That, iemi-devjl, ]JI[ajsa.: SaHIB, after wandering helplessly : and hopelessly over the face of the country, had surrendered himself into our -power.-: Tie Nawab of Banda had got tired of rebellion and was an inmate of ^Btchell'scamp -The K™g of Delhi had been marched off to the Cape of Good iHope, arid 4he amnesty offered by the Queen was being generally emtoaced. Lord Clyde had returned toEnglaad iw^ar^iitiieBs to. these en couraging- signs of the time's & Jndia. His Lordship had left Sir:Hugh 2£os£; in command. Chinese affairs had assumed » very -juiet aspect. The only point of hyt^^'Too&ia;&oiiel; relates to the coming tea-crop, wiiictt W p^pepted to be fully 25 per cent-.below ihe average. /-,: In England the Beform moyement was rapidly progressing. Mr- Bright had created 'Aa sen sation' 'at Manchester. Meetings wer*. being held!i^l over the country^. _ : ;,. Her Majesty -had been pleased to confer the honor of K.C-B; -upon -Mr. La Stobei ^formerly Governor of Victoria;. /No. 4istinetionof the kind -had been feesfcpvEea 'upon We1' Mayor ? ~pf Melbourne. That ecceatric but m«ii $sygF iifetle wpman, Lola Montez, had arrived at Dublin, where she was lecturing on ' Female Beauty' with great eclat. It is with much satisfaction that we observe that an Australian Exchange has been regularly inaugurated at the Jerusalem Coffee House. This supplies a want that has long been felt, and will in many ways be convenient and advanta geous to ourselves and neighbors. Another sign of the progress and spirit of the age is afforded by the contract which has just been. entered into ! for connecting India with the Bed Sea by tele graph. It will be perceived that Mr. Gladstone has commenced his career in the Ionian Islands by declaring for the maintenance of the Protec torate. The commercial intelligence is highly satisfac tory. Consols on the 20th December stood at 9SJ ; money was plentiful ; securities were firm. South Australian Sis per Cents, were quoted at from £112 to £114. The advance in wool had been maintained, and a further rise of a penny was confidently anticipated at the next sales. Copper (Burra Burra) looks cheerful at £110. Th^ Central Board of Main Itoads arerefractory. They maintain that they have powers indepen dent of the ' Executive, a position whieh the Commissioner of Public Works denies. As both parties 'know their rights, and knowing dare defend ;' as these 'rights,' or presume^ rights are antagonistic ; and as on each side the autho rity of the law is pleaded, the public may look out for a thoroughly Grecian ' tug of war.' The career of the Central Road Board illus trates either the fickleness of popular opinion or the possibility {notwithstanding all^that is said to the contrary) of a corporate body reform ing itself. For. most assuredly, a few years ago that Board stood in as great disrepute as its mem bers now sfcandhighin publicesfcimacion. Whether . this 'altered estimation is traceable to selfim provement on the part of the Board* or to a juster appreciation on the part of the public, every one can form his own opinion ; one thing is cer tain, jiamely, that the Board being well aware of 'their present popularity, are -disposed to turn it to account in asserting their. independence, i On the -19th of Januarylast, the Commissioner of Public Works, through his Secretary, addressedH;he following letter to the Central Soad Board. .? — ? ' * Eriblic Works Office, Jannary 19, 1859. ''Sir— I am directed by the Commissioner of Public Works to enclose, for' the Information of the Central Koad Board, draft regulations f«w the guidance of that body, drawn np under the 2nd clause of the Act 12 of 1858, and to request that they will favour him with their views thereon.-' - ' '?The principal portion of the proposed regulations -ate already Jaw, and they are inserted only to make the regula Lations complete, and as similar as possible to those framed' for the guidance of other Boards. '?Ihave,&c.;, ' ' ? J. D. Woods, Secretary.' The Board having read the 'draft rsguhv tious,' appointed a Select Committee, consisting of the Hon. C. G. Everard, and Messrs. Duf field and Milne, to take them into consideration, which these gentlemen have doue, the result being that the greater portion of the ' regula tions' was rejected by the Committee. On the subject of the appointment of officers the Board and the Government are at issue. ' The Commis sioner of Public Works requires that all situa tions under the Board shall be filled only after applications for the same shall- have been invited by advertisement in the daily papers, and that all applications received in reply be forwarded to the Executive with the 'recommendation' (only) of the Board. This proposal, therefore, is intended to transfer to the Government the patronage now wielded by the Central Road Board. ^The latter decline compliance, and quote clause 23 of Act 17 of 1852, under which they themselves were authorised to make the appoint ments. This is the first general issue. The subject of contracts is thus treated in their proposed new regulations by the Govern ment: — 'Contracts. ' L The Board shall not let byiprivate agreement any work the value of which shall exceed JE100. All works above such value shall be let by tender, after public advertisement in the daily papers. '2. All tenders, when received, to be scheduled and for warded, with the recommendation of the Board, to the Executive. ' 3. Whenever the Board snail recommend a tender which is not the lowest, a statement of the reasons for their recommendation will be forwarded with the sche dule. '4. The Executive reserve the power to revise any schedule of tenders, and to strike therefrom the names of any per sons whom there may be any reasons to think arc unfit or unsafe to be entrusted with the execution of any public work. '5. In all contracts 20 per cent, on the value of the -work done shall be detained bytthe Board, until the sum in hand shall equal 10 per cent of the value of the whole contract ; after which payment shall be made in fall— the 10 per cent., however, being retained till the close of the contract. '6. No Commissioner of Slain Board, and no officer on the service of the Board willbe allowed, under any circumstances , to tender or to he a party to any contract, .except officially, or to be interested beneficially, either directly or indirectly, in any work undertaken by the Board.' Of the above, No. 3 is the only one acquiesced in by the Board, the other five being repudiated as infringing upon the authorities vested in the Board by clauses 81, 82, and 83 of the Act be fore auoted. the Committee also remarkiriEr that they ' do not see any reasons ' for altering the system of accepting tenders as hitherto pursued. Another part of the question relates to financial administration. The Commissioner of Public Works requires that after s, scheme of appropriation shall have been laid by the Board before Parliament, and a vote of money granted, that there shall be no different appropriation -of the money by the Board, without the :consent -of the Executive. To this the Committee appointed by the Board reply that ' every reouisite pro vision for the receipt and expenditure of moneys on account of this Act is contained in clause ^'o. 86, of 17 of 1852;' and, by inference that the ?regulation is superfluous. The next three of f;he proposed regulations, with the reply of the Cpmijiittee, we give.. verbatim :— ,. -.:.-,. '2. No exeessof expenditure upon any item appropriated, shall occur without, tije .special sanction of the Executive being previously obtained, ? ' --..-?.? ' In jthe event of any -saying feeing made in -any item ap propriated, the Board .shall not apply it to any purpose with out the authority of the Executive. . . . '4. In no case shall the Board expend any portion of the fnpdB voted by -Parliament for their jnse without the approval oif fiie:i5iKe£ative' _ To which the Committee reply ;— '5, 3, and i. Tour Committee recommends that theefl clauses be expunged, considering them to be excessively stringent, and tending to paralyse the action of tlie Board, as 'well as to render -all its -deliberations -and' proceedings ;gng8tory;'' # ? _ '''.''.. T The' Commissioner of Public Works specifies in one ohimasw- regulations, that the Board do meet 'once, at least, in each week,' to which the Committee reply that they do not eee^ 'any valid reason for altering, the system at present pursued by the Board, of meeting on the first and third- Thursdays in each month.' Passing over one or two other points of minor public in terest we come to the last, which requires the Board to abstain from making public any official document, ' which in any way relates to or re quires the action of the Executive, until it has been submitted to the Executive/' To this the Committee reply that the regulation would vir tually exclude the press, and they ask for more definite information as to what *' documents' are meant. It will be here perceived that the Board and the Government are in direct antagonism ag t-o their powers. We are not aware that the Board uphold the preferableness of their own views, or insist that their line of policy would be more practically useful, or give greater satisfaction. They have yet to express themselves on these points. At present they take their stand on the Acfr of 1852, and maintain that as the Act of 1858, under which the new regulations are framed, repeals no part of the . previous Act, the powers and privileges conferred by the earlier statute still remain in full force and vitality. The Government, en the I contrary, maintain their right to limit, direct, and qualify those powers, under the Act of 1858. Such, we believe, are the respective positions of the two parties. Ifow, what says the Act No. 12 of 1858 P It is entitled, ' An Act to subject certain Commis sioners and Trust therein named to the control of- the. Commissioner of Public Works.' The preamble ' recites, amongst other Acts, the Act 17, of 1852, quoted by the Committee :of the Hoad :Bosiiti. '. thence proceeding as follows; — ' And-whereas it would conduce to the more economical and efficient jaumagement of the various above-mentioned undertakings if the said Trust and Commissioners were made responsible to the Governor, be it therefore enacted, &c.;,&c; : '1. Tne'said Commissioners and Tiiigt, by the said Acts. appointed, -or authorized to be appointed, shall in alt respects be subjected to the supervision, control, and, direction of the Commissioner of -Public Works tor the time being, and shall ttall times furnish such reports, accounts, vouchers, and documents, relating to any matter entrusted to or performed bt such' Commissioners 'or Trust, or any of them, as' the eaid Commissioner, of Public Works shall, by any writing under his Sana, addressed to' the eaid jCommissioners 'or. Trust, or any or'eitiier of them, or to their or say or either of their secretaries, from time in time re quire; 'and sJmll fulfil and carry out any directions which may, t torn . Qnfe to lime, be given in manner aforesaid by the said Commissioner oF 'Public 'Works, 'touching any matters ^trostedto«rperarnied,6r aathprized to be performed by the 66$ Commissioner^ijr Trust.' . .. Such is the i autodrity'pppn which the Govern?. )meiit £&&t;^;.ok§ aime^£ general role, the ^o'' it1 in' a ibrmer statute, we think that the clauses quoted by the Central Soad Board from the Act of 1852, will have no force against the clause we have just quoted from the Act of 1858. The last few hot days have been productive of fearful fires, though we are not yet in possession of sufficient information to justify any general statement of the disaster or estimate of the loss. We have published tolerably full details of the ' conflagrations around Macclesfield, and it is now our painful duty to direct attention to what we fear will prove to be the much more serious devastations southward. According to the statements of our Port Elliot correspondent, the fiery deluge, which, rushing down the hills, poured its resistless floods into the Hindmarsh and Tn-man Valleys, must have been a scene of awful grandeur. But whilst a magnificent exhibition of the operations of Nature, it was also the cause of ruin to many. As the country gets settled it is obvious that these bush-fires will grow every year more and more terribly i disastrous in their effects. Instead of grass, and scrub, and forest, the hungry flame will feed upon fences, stacks, cattle, implements, homesteads; and happy are those who have time to snatch a few of their most valuable or useful articles before they abandon house and home to the fire. There is something really dreadful in the idea of these summer fires. It might be thought that as population increased they would be less fre quent and less extensive, but this does not appear to be the ease. The more numerous the popu lation the more numerous the travellers, whose pipes and camp fires light up these fearful burnings. Of course, when population concen trates in towns, the amount of help at hand is so great that a fire in the immediate suburbs may be, though not without difficulty, subdued : but as respects the country districts no increase of population will ever compensate, by the extin guishing of fires, 'the greater risk that is run of their being kindled.' In fact, when everything is in a highly: combustible condition, and when a strong :wind. is blowing, it would be utterly impossible to beat out a well-fed bush fire, even iflOGmenwereonthe spot within five minutes of its outbreak. Still- something ought to be done; and we think 4he subject one that the Crown Lands Office should take up. Even if we gained no more than ah official and authentic report of the nature and value of the damage done, it would tend, in some measure, to pave the way for mea sures of protection. The District Co.uncils should act in this manner. Absolutely to prevent bush fires is, no doubt, impossible ; but the destructive flames ought not to be allowed to approach the confines of such places as the townships of Mac clesfield and of Port Elliot. There are un doubtedly points where District Councils, by burning down a clear space, might effectually arrest the progress of a fire, and perhaps in a situation where its further extension would be marked by the most disastrous consequences. The late fires have ruined many a poor hard working man. He has stood by and seen the fruits of his hard toil reduced to ashes in a few short minutes ; or has been himself .compelled to fly from the death that else awaited him. Some thing should be done to check this sacrifice of property, which, if left to the carelessness of the smoker, the camp fire-lighter, or the log blaster, will every summer be in increasing jeo pardy. The strictest laws should be enacted and enforced against any act which involves the risk of creating a bush-fire ; but as, -after all prohibi tions and penalties, these offences will occur, there ought to be proper measures taken for at least averting the march of so destructive an enemy as fire in a parched and inflammable land. We shall he glad to be furnished by our friends in the country with further details of the late disastrous fires, and especially with parti culars of the property consumed. Something should be done for the relief of those whose losses are the most serious, and whose prospects have thus suddenly disappeared in the flames. We recommend the Government to institute immediate enquiries into the nature and extent of the recent SreE. The frightful character of these mid-summer burnings is but imperfectly understood from the necessarily hasty and frag mentary reports which are furnished to the papers. The calamity appeals to the nation ; and the Government, as representing and carry ing out the will of the nation, should cause an ? investigation to ta|ce place, and that immediately. Such an enquiry' as we now suggest need not interfere with any local inquest. It would not, in fact, have the same primary object. It is not so much to ascertain how the fire originated, or who kindled it, as to find out what it has de stroyed, and hovr far it has^ extended, that we now suggest the desirableness of an official examination. A couple of troopers, with a surveyor, might be despatched to the Maccles field side, and another party, or perhaps two par ties, to the Southern districts, at but little ex pense, but to the very great satisfaction of the community. A report should then be prepared ?by the authorities, and be made public with all possible haste, such report being eminently de sirable as the basis of those movements which, we presume, will be called forth by reason of so unprecedented a visitation. We unhesitatingly say that something must be done by the. public for the relief of those who have lost their all by the late terrible conflagra tions. The calamity was not the result of tneir own carelessness. -It cannot be attributed to their want of prudence, nor to their want of will to avert it. The sea of fire came rolling onward, with a speed and a fary which, nothing could subdue. There was np alternative but to sacrifice property to save life, and those who, by no fault ^of their own, have been doomed to sub mit to that; sacrifice,' have a right to look to the humanity of the public. ~ We dp not care in what form this humanity may show itself §o long -as it is actively mani fested. There -are two courses open, either of which (or even both united) might be adopted. The Government might be asked to devote a sum to the relief cf tiiose whose circumstances are most urgent j or a public subscription might be opened for' iheir'relref. Certainly the poor burnt-out settlers ought not to be left, and must not be left, to struggle with their present diffi culties, nor be allowed to begin the world again without a helping hand to give them a friendly start. We recommend that a public meeting be con vened in Adelaide, at such an hour of the day as would meet the convenience of our wealthier citizens and neighbours, to whose affluence, in a case ]ike this, attention is naturally first directed. A subscription might be opened at once, and the propriety of asking for a grant from the National Treasury could also be then considered. We hope somebody will take the necessary steps. We readily collect for distressed Jews in Pales tine, or for sufferers in Russia or India, nor will the public of South Australia be slow to relieve th6 distresses, add,' by their expressions of sympathy, to cheer the spirits of the many per sons who are sitting amongst heaps of ashes, where a few days since they dwelt in peaceful home steads, in the midst of their garnered stores. ThE Hahndoef Diggings. — A correspondent informs us that these diggings are beginning to go ahead. Hardly a day passes without bring ing fresh arrivals. Fresh ground is being opened half a mile further up the gully ,where diggers have discovered what they call the bed of the old gully As far as our correspondent is able to judge, nearly all the men appear to be doing tolerably ' well. ' Those . that are -trilling to work,' te says, ' generally get what they come for.' Many of the old hands are beginning to adopt the plan of driving abandoned holes, instead of sinking fresh ones. The plan is said to be be a paying one. We understand that the deep sinking party have been nearly a fortnight engaged in Dilating a hard conglomerated crust of nine feet in thickness. They are now working sandy clay at a depth from the surface of 85 feet. Two of the psrty have put down a shaft on a quartz hill, half a mile north of the fjrst shaft, to the depth of 40 feet. Some excitement appears to have. been. occasioned some few days ago by a' person exhibiting some gold, said to have been found in a new gully. It was supposed he would be seeking for a reward at the bandl of- the Go yernment.. Altogether, the nevrs from flanndorf is encouraging. It is.said that thereeis an excel lent opening for a store there. Conveyance of Maiis to Nefean Eat.— For the performance of this 'service during the next three months the Melbourne,1 whose contract has heeiiiaceepted; by the Government, is to re ceive -^85 ;fbr each- trip- and £1 demurrage for] every hour's detention after three hours of the stipulated time. [ 