EXTRACTS ' FROM FRANK FOWLEll'S I WORK, ; ' SOUTHERN LIGHTS, &; SHADOWS.' ' A. HOT WIND AND A 'SOUTHERIIY BURSTER.'' Having mentioned in passing a hot wind, let me endeavor to convey soino notion ; of what, a hot wind really is. It is early morning, and as you look from your window, in tho suburbs of Sydney, you see a thin white vapour rising from luo lar on busii. The sheep out there in the distance aro congregated boncath the trees, while the old cows are standing knec-dcep in, , those clayey creeks of water, that trickle from tho heaped-up rocks above. You have seen all this before, and know too well what it means. Be fore breakfast thero will be a 'hot wind.' It comes. The white earth cracks as.it passes over it,, as though it were a globe of crystal struck by some invisible and mighty hand. The air is hot and mirlcy, as the breath from an oven j and you see the trees wither — the fruit shrivel and drop from the vine — as though the last seal wero opened, and the breath of tho Destroying Angel had gone forth. The eipadea seem to shrink {their shrill note is always the shrillest in hot weather), a:nd the birds drop dead from tlio trees. The dogs in tho street lie down and hide their dry protruding tongues in the dust. Higher aud higher rises tho mercury in the glass, until now, at noon, it stands at 147 de grees! You stop up every keyhole and crevice in your room to keep out the iburning Sirocco, and endeavor, perhaps, to read. In a minute stars dance before your eyos, ;and your temples throb like pulses of hot iron. You allow the book to fall from your hands, and strive to drop to sleep. It is not much relief if you succeed, for yon are safe to dream 'of the 'Inferno' or Beckford's Hall ,6'f Eblis. Thero is only one thing you can do that gives relief. Light your pipe, mix your shcrry-cobblcr, and smoke and drink until tho change arrives. The ' Southerly Burster,' as this change is called, generally comes ? ? sounding on, Like tho storm-wind from Labrador, Tho wind Enrocljdon, early in tho evening. A cloud of dust— they call it in Sydney a *?' brickiielder '? — -thicker than any London fog, heralds its approach, and moves like a compact wall across the country. In a minute the temperature will sink fifty or sixty degrees, and so keenly does the sudden change affect the system', that hot toddy takes the placc of sherry-cobbler, and your great-coat is buttoned tightly around you until a nro can be lighted. Now, if you look from ycur window in the direction wliere you saw that white vapor aseending in the morning, a spectaclo terrible in its magnificence will meet your eye. For miles around — as far as the gaze can reach — bush-fires are blazing. Yow see the trail of tho flame extending into the interior until it grows faint and tliin along- the hill-tops, as though a wounded deer had moved, bleeding, upon the road. Nearer, however, the sight is grand and awful, and hints of the Final Apocalypse when the stars shall fall like those charred branches that drop with a thundrous crash and scatter a cloud of glowing embers around them. No matter where you live in Sydney, looking from the window across the harbor into a surround ing bush, you can always see sights like this after a hot wind. The reflection upou tho water itself is very fine. - The emerald changes into ruby — the water, into wine. The white sails of boats become of ' purple,' and ' their prows of beaten gold.' Everything seems bathed in an atmosphere of romance, and, if tlie impression were not lowered by the idea, the sheets of flame in the distance might' be taken for the crimson walls of Aladdin's paj'cs gloaming through the woods. Sometimes these hot winds last for two or three days, and then the effects are something lamentable. Scarcely; a blado of vegetation is left in the ground— the sere leaves fall from the trees as iri a blast of autumn. The same week that I landed in Syd ney a hot wind lasted for four days, on, the last of which no less than thirty persons dropped dead ,in- tho streets. I remember I had a little garden' to .-my house, and the white-starred jessamine . was Ja., frill flower, in front of the lower windows. Before the wiud was over noth ing remained but a bunch of dry sticks, kept to the wall by the pieces of cloth with which they were fastened. tiie young ladies of austalia. /Like the boys, the young ladies ot Australia.are in many .respeots remarkable. - ..At thirteen years of age they have more ribbons; jewels, - and. lovers, than perhaps any other young ladies -of the same age in the universe. ..They prattle — and very in sipidly too— from morning till night. They rush to the Botanical Gardens twice a week, to hear- the band play, dressed precisely after the frontispiece in the latest reported number of LeFollet. They wear as much gold chaiu . as the Lord Mayor in his state robes. As' th'ey walk you 'hear the tinkle of their bunches of charms and nuggets, sis if they carried bells on their fingers and rings on their toes. - The 'first time I visited the theatre I sat near a youg lady who wore at least half-a-dozen rings over her white.gloves, and who, if bare mos quito-bitten shoulders may be deemed beautiful, showed more beauty than I ever saw a young lady display before. Generally, tbe colonial damsels are frivolous, talkative, aud over-dressed. They havo, in brief, all the, light, unenviable qualities of Eastern women. They excel in finesse. I heard of a young lady, who wishing^ to make a dilatory gentleman, who had beon for some time hovering abcmt lier, definitely propose, had her boxes packed and placed conspicuously' iri the hall of her father's house, thus labelled— ' Miss P. Jackson, passenger, by the 'Archimedian Screw' for England.' ' If that does not bring. him to book,' she was heard to declare to her mother, 'I'll get Fred to thrash him ! ' ;;That is an incident for a comedy— here' is some, thing for a melodrama. I was at a ball last: Christmas, arid walking along a corridor saw two lovers in earnest dispute. ' Augustus, you are mistaken,' said the young lady. ' Bosh ! ' re turned the gentleman grufly ; 'I saw him. Good night.' ' Augustus, . don't leave me ; you are wrong. I love you too well. Your suspicion kills me.' 'Pish! I'm off; so good night,' and lie I really was moving away, when the lady changing; hertone of supplication for one of solemn imp'as. siveness, said ' Go, sir — go ; but, remember, I'll not suivive it. This house, thank heaven, has a sptral staircase ? ,f In another -place ho says : — ?? . The ladies, as already observed, are fond of drama. They are addicted to blue dresses, red/ cordinals, straw-colored gloves, and strained hair, , embellished with two or, three C's— aggravators ' they call 'em — running 'over the temple. Their, voices are peculiar and unpleasant. They have a lisp, almost a sniffle, arising from : the clouds of thin dust which partioular changes of wind carry, like simooms, over the face of the' country. Un conscious themselves of this defect,' the., dress circle of a theatre is one buzz of women's small talk from the rise to the fall of tho curtain. The, tongue and the fan are kept wagging all. night. I, went one evening to see ' Hamlet,!' and was amused at hearing a lady remark, in a whisper, to her neighbor, ' Whoth Thakspere ? I don't thii.k much of hith play.'' ' LIFE ' IN AUSTRALIA. I saw in Sydney tho brother of one of the greatest living men in the ranks of English literature moving the' gods to rapture by his ex quisite comedy. The same night I came across the brother of another writer, alike eminent in a different walk^ofjetters. lookiiig gthwjtli . liatornal reverenco at Blaclc-eyed Susan. Soon after I landed at Sydney, the son of one of our venerable archdeacons closed- his wild colonial career, in, which theatres and actresses largely figured, with forgery and transportation. There was a; noise in England some years ago concerning a young gentle man who had been wantonly struck by an Austrian officer. After considerable pother, his father and the newspapers managed to screw some compensa tion from the house of Hapsburg for the insult. Well, this young gentleman'usod to live in a tent' just outside Melbourne, and would nightly relate his continental adventures to a crowd of jovial admirers. In this way he soon got through his 'compensation,' and was at last forced, I was told, to fret his hour on the stage in order to re line his pockets. The: chief musical authority is that ' sunburn Nathan' who set Byron's ' Hebrew Melodies '' to music. He is o pleasant old man, makes a good whito port wine, and talks quite charmingly over it of the ill-starred bard. 