[From another Correspondent.] Macclesfield, February 9. — An inquest was held this evening at the Davenport Arms, Macclesfield, before Mr. S. L. Harris, J.P., and a respectable Jury, on the late disastrous fire. The Coroner briefly addressed the Jury, and Mr. C. F. Smith, farmer, Watergate, being sworn, deposed that he first saw smoke rise to the west of his section on Friday morning, the 4th instant, between 11 and 12 o'clock. Was at home at the time. Made all haste to see where the smoke came from, and before he was out of his own section saw the flames. The fire ap- peared to have been lit an hour. Saw no one about the place. It reached his place on the following day (Satur- day) and destroyed all his grass-paddock. Saved his crop and houses. W. Wilkins, gardener, Watergate, deposed — First saw the fire at a quarter before 12 o'clock on Friday. It was close to Heyward's section. When he first came to it it was no more than 20 yards wide. It was one single body of fire, and was not connected with any other fire in the neighbourhood. It was in Heyward's section, and was burning in the direction of Hill's and Daven- port's. Hill was the first sufferer from the fire. Saw no strangers in the neighbourhood at the time he first saw the fire. W. Shapcott, farmer, Watergate — Deposition similar to the above. Mr. Leedham, sen., farmer, Watergate, deposed to the same effect — had lost all he had. William Chandler, farmer, Watergate, gave evidence of similar character. Emma Lloyd deposed— I and my sister first saw the fire on Thursday last, I am living at home with my father. I first saw smoke rise at about two minutes' walk from our brush fence as I was coming out of the door of the house. The fence is a division one between my father's land and Mr. Heyward's. Mr. Heyward lives on an adjoining section to the one the fire was on. My sister and I gave the alarm to Mr. Corner's family, four of whom went with us. When we got to the fire we found it burning in Mr. Heyward's section, and going west towards Macclesfield. I sent off to Mr. Heyward's, and William Heyward came im- mediately, and Walter Heyward and Mr. Corner came shortly after Heyward. Corner seemed greatly con- cerned about the fire. They did all they could to put it out. There have been two similar bush-fires lit up in the same way within the last three weeks in the same section at the opposite end. Our family have always been on good terms with the neighbours, with the exception of Mr. Hickmott, and we have not been long unfriendly with him. The first person who came to put the fire out on the previous Monday was Mr. Hickmott. On Thursday evening the fire had got as far as the county boundary road. H. M. Lloyd, sister to the last witness, J. Corner, W. Heyward, and Walter Heyward were each examined at great length, but the evidence was a repetition of that of previous witnesses. The Coroner having stated the nature of the evidence, the Jury returned the following verdict:— "That the late fire originated in a section belonging to Mr. John Heyward, near Echunga; but by what means it was started there was no evidence to show." 