DISASTROUS CONFLAGRATION AT BALLARAT. The Ballarat Star publishes details of a very extensive and destructive conflagration which occurred in that township on Sunday morn- ing :— " Twenty-one hotels, stores, and dwellings, a large number of outhouses, and property valued altogether at about £25,500, were destroyed in the Main-road on Sunday morning, in about 50 minutes. This was the fiercest and fastest of all the fires which have made Ballarat notorious and this month appear especially fatal ; and it was also the most destructive in respect of the value of property. Heated to a state of semi ignition- as all combustible things were by the hot winds that have prevailed for several days - the break- out of a lire was certain to be highly dangerous ; but with a hot wind still blowing, and the fire already powerful when discovered, the fearful rapidity of the flames, which licked up house after house in about two minutes' time each on an average, ii as not so very wonderful. Add to this want of practice with the hydrants and their hose attachments, and still less room is left to wonder at the terrible fire which rushed along the south side of the road yesterday from the London Tavern to Humffray's corner, and left, in the short space of time we have mentioned, nought but a waste of blackened, smouldering ruins, and distracted groups of houseless, and we fear in some cases all but ruined, men, women, and children. " The first alarm of fire was raised at about 30 minutes after 7 o'clock, and by 15 minutes after 8 the destruction had been accomplished. When we first saw the scene, at 20 minutes to 8, huge volumes of smoke were rising from the premises of Messrs. Wittkowski, tobacconists, by the bridge, on the east side, and the Liverpool Arms Hotel adjoining. Immediately large flakes of flame rushed out in every direction, and it became at once apparent that a large conflagration must ensue. A light breeze was blowing from the northward, and in a few seconds the flames leapt across the Yarrowee Creek to the Tempe- rance Hotel, and that block was doomed; while with equal rapidity the fire raged away on the other side, house after house igniting on either side of the creek, as if in derision of the distraction of the inmates and the rapidly gathering crowd. At the first alarm of fire Councillor Scott ran up to the Sturt-street stand pipes, and told the man in charge to turn on the water, while Mr. Barker, the lessee, hastened down also to give the same directions. In the other direction the alarm spread, the fire-bell rang, and the ever- prompt Fire-Brigade, with all their valuable apparatus, were on the spot while yet the flames were just leading on eastward from the Liverpool Arms. After a delay of a few mi- nutes the water was turned on, and the Brigade got to work with five streams of water, supplied by their own engine and the hydrants along the kerb on the north side of the street. Superin- tendent Winch and Inspector Nicholas, with their force, were also as promptly on the spot, and the work of preservation went on as fast as was possible under the circumstances. But it soon became obvious that to pour water on the fire from the not very large source available was not of any great service, and the only chance of arresting the progress of the flames was by pulling down some houses, and thus making a gap, on which the water might be thrown with effect. In a few minutes the fire had spread to King's ironmongery stores, and east to the Dan O'Connell Hotel, and nothing saved; the inmates themselves being in some instances with difficulty roused from the slumbers of their late Saturday night beds, while rumours of persons missing were already flying about. Now the hook and ladder company, with assistants, commenced the work of pulling down the boot store occupied by Mr. Pearmain, being the first, an empty house belong- ing to Dr. Carr, and another occupied by a hair- dresser sharing the same fate. By this time the fire had dominion over the extensive works of Messrs. Ivey and Jeffrey, machinists, whose high pro- mises held back the fire, and permitted the pull- ing down of the places already mentioned, and by means of which the progress of the flames was arrested eastward. Meanwhile ropes were laid to the verandah poles in front of the premises on the west side of the Bridge, and gallant fellows hauled on till driven back by the fierce heat of the blazing houses. An alarm now spread to the effect that large quantities of gunpowder were contained in King s ironmongery stores, and two or three slight explosions helped to increase the panic. The devouring fire, however, waited for no alarms, but rushed on from King's to Davis's, to Bergenstein's, to Wilson's, to Jackson's, and then fastened on the two-storied premises of Mr. Baird, oil and colour merchant and paper hanger, and those of Messrs. Humffray, book sellers and stationers, at the corner of the block. The dimensions as well as the highly in flammable nature of the stocks and buildings here made the work of destruction both fast and furious, the volume of flame being at this junc- ture especially great. The crowd was driven away even from the opposite side of Sturt-street, and Harris's Hotel, at the opposite corner, as well as the houses adjoining on the north side of the Main-road, began to hiss and smoke and give way to integumental crumplings. Coats of paint peeled off, shutters and cornices and verandahs were charred, and but for incessant application of water from buckets over blankets and sheets, and from hose-pipes, by daring people perched on ve- randah-tops, cornice-edges, and roofs, the north side of the road must inevitably have gone, and, with its ignition, the spread of the fire would have been truly awful to contemplate; as the immense aggregation of heat would have rendered the progress of the fire even more rapid, while the water-plugs would have been unapproachable, and the efforts of the Fire Brigade and every- body else would have been paralysed. As it was, the merest chance seemed ever and anon to save the opposite side of the street. At Lang's, at Brun's, and adjoining premises on that side, and at Kaul's, at Twentyman and Stampers', and adjoining places on the other side, the fire was kept at bay only by the most strenuous exer- tions and an ample supply of water from tanks at the rear ; while, as it is, all the premises present now deplorable signs of scorching, window smashing and partial dismantlement. The fire on the south side was arrested by the pulling down and free use of water on the east of Ivey and Jeffrey's premises, and at the extreme west end Messrs. Humffray's premises were the last of the frontages destroyed. The flames, however, carried by the north wind, leaped back from out- house to outhouse and from fence to fence, to a depth of from 200 to 300 feet, destroying also the premises of Messrs. Sharwood and Morrell, wheel- wrights, in Grenville-street, and putting in immi- nnnt peril the front offices of the Ballarat Gas Company. At this juncture, one of the latter showed signs of ignition, and Sturt-street south, between the bridge and Lydiard-street, seemed to be destined to fall a prey to the flames. Resi- dents there began to clear out, and the work of destruction by rashness was commencing, when it was discovered that the danger of further progress westward was over. It was now about half-past 8 o'clock, and tolerably clear that the spread of the fire in any direction was not to be anticipated. The efforts of the Fire Brigade and their aids were now turned, therefore, to the burning débris, upon which volumes of water were kept pouring from hose and buckets, from engine, plugs, and carts, till noon had come, and all danger was over. The following is the list of premises de- stroyed, with estimated loss :- " Messrs. Wittkowski Brothers', tobacconists- insured, stock and building, in the Australian, and stock in the Colonial, £1,350 ; loss, £3,000. "Mr. Buchanan's, Temperance Hotel-unin- sured ; loss, from £1,000 to £1,500. " Messrs. King and Co.'s, ironmongers and general dealers- insured in the Colonial and an- other office, £2,000 ; loss, £4,000. "Messrs. Edwards and Davis's (Aldridge, , owner, uninsured) tentmakers-stock most part saved. " Mr. Bergenstein's, jeweller (Aldridge, owner, uninsured)-stock most part saved. "Mr. Wilson's, dentist (Jackson, owner, unin- sured)-loss in stock, £100. " Mr. Jackson's, blacksmith-uninsured ; loss, including premises occupied by Mr. Wilson, £1,500. " Mr. A. K, Baird's, oil and colour, glass and paper warehouse-insured in the Melbourne for £1,000 ; loss, £2,050. " Messrs. Humffray's, booksellers and stationers -uninsured ; part stock saved ; probable loss, £1,500. "Messrs. Sherwood and Morrell's, wheelwrights -uninsured ; loss, £300. "Mr. Burridge's, LiverpoolArms Hotol (owners, R. B. and S. Gibbs)-insured ; stock and furni- ture uninsured ; nothing saved. " Mr. Ardagh's, bootmaker-uninsured ; loss, £600 or £700. " Mr. Fox's, bootmaker-loss unascertained. " Mr. Dunk's British Queen-insured in the. Victoria for £200, and elsewhere for £700; loss unascertained. "Mr. Madigan's Dan O'connell Hotel-late insured in the Melbourne for £500, but supposed to be expired on Saturday ; loss, £1,400. " Messrs. Ivey and Co.'s dwellinghouse and carpenters' shop. " Do., foundry and moulding shop-unin- sured ; loss, £3,000. "Mr. Pearmain's, bootmaker (owner, Mr. O'Meara) -pulled down. " Mr. O'Meara's, grocer (owner, Dr. Carr) pulled down. Mr. -'s, hairdresser (owner, Dr. Carr)-pulled down. "Mr. Fox's --pulled down, and, as also in the three previous cases, goods partly saved. " The cause of the fire is, as usual, involved in mystery, but the place in which it originated ap pears to have been either in the premises of Messrs. Wittkowski or in the Liverpool Arms Hotel, at the side adjoining the premises of Messrs. Wittkowski. The alarm was given by a person from without, who had left a ' swag' at Wittkowskis shop, and who was waiting for the shop to be opened. He and some of the inmates of the Temperance Hotel saw smoke issuing from the centre of the premises, and they at once aroused the inmates. Mr. Wittkowski tells us that when he awoke in his bedroom at the back of the shop the ceiling of the room was on fire. He roused his brother and the servant girl, who escaped sans their ordi- nary attire, and saved the following pro- perty-£1,315 in bank-notes, 133oz. 6dwt. of gold, acceptance for £38 5s. 4d , IOU for £10, and £112s. 3d. in silver ; a cash-box with £25 in notes, charred, being also recovered, and a bag with 200 oz. of nuggets being lost as yet. Besides these things everything was Iost including two dogs, a horse at the rear being rescued. A poor duck in the premises of the Liverpool Arms outlived the conflagration, and was recovered by Mr. Dyte, in a singed state, and kept by the Brigade, by way of salvage. Mr. King was absent in Molbourne, and his manager had only left the premises a few minutes to get a bath, when the alarm was raised. He succeeded in having the books of the firm, and with the help of Mr. M'Lean, of the Emeu Hotel, and others, bundled out a fearfully heavy stock of gunpowder in casks, the explosion of which would have been, attended, in all probability, with most fatal consequences. The case of Mr. A. K. Baird, whose valuable stock-in-trade, and many valuable engravings, prints, and drawings, and ornitholo- gical and other specimens, were lost, shows the propriety of promptitude in matters of insurance. His proposal to the Victoria Company, for an insurance of £1,000 on his stock, had been ac cepted, and the agent had waited on him on Friday with the usual receipt, but Mr. Baird postponed the ratification of the contract till Monday, and the insurance company in question has thereby saved £1,000. The policy held in the Northern Company by Mr. Buchanan, of the Temperance Hotel, had expired only three days prior to the fire, and the company had refused to renew, and a correspondence was still going on in the matter. The policy held in the Melbourne Company by Mr. Madigan, of the Dan O'Connell Hotel, also happens to have just expired, though Mr. Madigan informs us he is even now hardly sure whether the policy ex- tends over the fatal Sunday or not. The valuable foundry and machinery of Messrs. Ivey and Jeffrey is a loss to the district. That enterprising firm had only nine months since completed their supe- rior plant, and were in full operation, with a large stock of rare machinery and tools, the loss of which it will be extremely difficult to replace. We are sure that they, in common with all the sufferers by the fire, will have the warmest sym- pathy of their fellow-townsmen generally. "Great as has been the destruction of property, it is easy to see how it might have been much greater, and under more melancholy circum- stances. Had it happened but an hour or too earlier the loss of life would inevitably have been great, and had the fire happened on the north instead of the south side of Sturt-street, or had the wind been blowing from any other quarter than that it did blow from, the consequences would have been much more deplorable. As it was, we are happy to state that no life was lost nor any personal injury of a serious nature sus- tained. Women and children escaped, it is true, only with their lives, and in some cases with the loss of all they possessed ; while in one or two places the hard sleepers were with diffi- culty roused in time to escape. Whilst, however, the fire was raging on the Main-road a few sparks, wafted by the wind, set fire to the Victoria Cement Company's works on Golden Point, when the carpenter's shop, smithy, &e.;, were totally destroyed. One of the men of the company whilst engaged in putting out the fire, fell from off the stage, a distance of 10 or 12 feet, and had his lip cut open, which necessitated the attendance of a doctor, who sewed up the wound. The damago is esti- mated at £100. Tredinnick's Quartz Crushing Company's shed and outhouses were also nearly consumed from the same cause ; but, owing to a plentiful supply of water, the fire was extin- guished before it did much injury. A house higher up on tho Golden Point-road was also set on fire, but happily the fire, in this instance, was also exlinguished without doing much harm. " The exertions of the Ballarat Fire Brigade deserve our highest commendations and the heartiest thanks of the public. We hear that, remembering the usual fatality attending the race week and the 3rd and 4th of this month in Ballarat, several of the Brigade sat up all night in readiness for a fire, and thus, if weary, were ready and willing to act at once. We know too, of one or two who forgot their own pre- mises (which were in imminent danger during the whole of the fire), and at the first alarm rushed away, true to their voluntary duty as firemen, and helped to got up the apparatus. Where all the members were alike active and per- sistent till nearly worn out, it would be invidious to particularise, for from the captain downwards every 'brigadier' was to use a significant collo- quialism 'all there.' At night, too, not satis- fied with their hard day's work, a detachment of the Brigade mustered again as some of the embers showed signs of liveliness under the changed wind then blowing from the westward and south ward, and laid out the hose again, giving the smouldering débris another good soaking. In the onerous labours required for the working of the engine, &c.;, the Brigade was most actively assisted by the public generally. The police, too were prompt and watchful, and by the excellent understanding subsisting between the superin- tendent and the Fire Brigade, the arrangements alike for the protection of property and the maintenance of space and order were all that could be desired. With respect to the use made of the hose belonging to the two Municipal Coun- cils, we would suggest that it should, in case of fire, and in the absence of a western brigade, be placed at the disposal of the Ballarat Brigade, whose experience and aptitude in these matters must be very much more worth, we fancy, than anybody else's. "The intolerable heat of the day, and the whole atmosphere surcharged with dust and smoke, had an exciting yet depressing effect upon the townsfolk. During the raging of the fire the scene was like what describers of war-burned towns have given us-alarm, confusion, smoke, and flames prevailed apparently everywhere around at one time, and the place seemed doomed to one of those terrible fire-sweeps which have made American towns so celebrated. All day the scone of the fire was crowded with sight- seers, in spite of the unequivocal ' brickfielder' that was blowing ; and at nightfall another alarm of fire was raised, but it fortunately turned out to be only a distant bush-fire, although the faint alarm raised sufficed to occasion a frantic rushing and shouting both of civilians and police." 