GUICHEN BAT. Kobe. March 9. [From our own Correspondent/! The usual quiet and monotony of this place has been broken hy several incidents since my last. One of them was a boat race, which took place on the. 3rd inst., between the sailors of the George Kidd and some parties resrauig uore, lor a purse oi x* vs. 1 no two boats were pulled by the contending paities, twice from the Jetty to the woolship and back (a distance ot about 1} mile). The sailors won, but not very easily, being pushed very hard by the landsmen. Tbe contest excited considerable interest, as was shown by the numbers who were on the beach to witness the Bport. A meeting of the Kobe Volunteer Bine Corps was held at the Kobe Hotel on the 6th inst, when the following gentlemen were elected to act as officers to the corps : — Mr. W. P. Walker, Captain ; Mr. E. Squire, Lieutenants Messrs. J. G. CKeefTe and John Ekerc, Sergeants ; and Messrs. Hodson, Venn, Coles, and McLean, Corporals. The corps numbered 38 privates in addition to the officers on that occasion, and nearly 20 more have since joined. The Ant did net reach this port till 10 a.m. on Thurs day, having laid in Laoepede Bay for the night A great many settlers are at present in the township, the election business having drawn some, and others to see Mr. David Power off in tho Ant to-day, that gentle man being about to leave this district to reside in Adelaide. Tho weather during the past week has been very fine, although rather windy. Settlers complain that the country is very dry, and that they want water very badly. The bush-fires have not all done for the season. One was burning within a few miles of the bay yesterday and last nifcht, ? ^^ The Crra, Sittings.— The trial of civfl :auses commences this morning at 10 o'clock, before Mr. Justice Gwynne. There are 70 coses set down for trial, the following having been added since our publication of the list :-Wearing-70. Dnell v. Jobnston-Stow. That cause is at present' fixed ss last for Monday, the 28th inBt. Subjoined is tho list for this day :— O'Brien— i. Hart v. Eeese— Boucaut. Boucaut— 5. Williams v. Farrant— Emerson. Knox— 14. Smith and Others v. Wooldridge— Stow. Knot— 15. Smith and Others v. Wooldridge-Stow. Stow — 45. Carrutbcrs and Another v. Lee— Emerson. Andrews— 69. Gill v. Coward— O'Brien. AsTHOXOincAii. — It ia a remarkably singular coincidence that all tbe superior planets will be visible daring the present week between sunset and midnight. Their Older from west to east is this :— Mercury, Venns, Uranus, . Jupiter, Saturn, Mars. Our usual Weekly Calendar will assist the reader io recefrnisloa; these six ' other fires that move in myiHo dance.' 