LOCAL COURTS NORMANVILLE: WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 22. [Before Messrs.. B. F. Laurie, S.M., William Randell J.P.. and Septimane Herbert J.P. BUSHFIRES ACT.—Frederick Martin fined £5 and costs, on the information of Corporal Birrell, for a breach of this Act. OBSTRUCTING POLICE.- Michael McLean and James Keating were fined 10s.each and costs for obstructing Police Trooper Stretton in taking a prisoner in charge. IMPOUNDING ACT. - James Biddle was fined 10s. without costs on the information of Oliver Rogers for allowing a bull over the age of four years to run at large. In the case of Hardcastle v. Connor, an adjourned case; from last Court-day, judgment was given for the complainant; 2s. 3d. on each of the charges to be returned. Each party to pay his own costs. Port Adelaide; monday February 27 Before Mr R F Newland SM civil side. Hodgkiss v. Bowman and price v. Bowman - The defendent appeared to warrants ........against him by the plaintiffs for £1 7e. and £i 17s. 6d. respectively of o:i 'the ground of his being about to leave the colony, Francis Westrop Wyman, gailed to the Court stated thatto the Court, stsvd that on Saturday he went on board the ? then at the Lightship, bound "fat London, in company with Mr Price, one of the plain lifes and apprehened at the ? of bfe plHm'itfe, and -.pcrfhrad:! the d f,*c dant on the warrants produced. We-sat erwur-Js informed by Mr. Price tb-rt he bid arranged with the de'en &nt;„ and l".r. Price rrqu-eed him to rer-eint the to omit fer him'-eli and Mr. Hodgki.s. Before ;;,e steamer Irfi the Oiiiii Mr. Price r- q iired witnoas to cut on the warrants and brinr the defendant ashore, as he would not sweep, the settlement cfleed by the difeatLnr. tY>U-tafc uudcrs'O Ml itie settlement tendered was by a ho"', 12 of Mr; \V. If. Angus ltor the amount (orj UTH and c »s'e. Mr. Price re used to take the cheque on liii-ii.g n" .a« un bond to endorse it. The M.wlatra'e c-'twi luted thet ' after Mr. Price hvi made the arrangctneo'. ssa'rd, he ,hrnld not hsve proceed*1 on the wsnao:, jut dis charged the defendant, who, in oi' s qcw tfws air-st. iia «iu«r iii» was age by the Cl.i'i, his boa's bring on hoard that vessel. MoCjT Rfhspe»bi,>: uosdit, Fssnvvmr -">• FBffore the stipendiary Ma'eLtriFc.5 Masiees'and >saTAS"TB her —Jchn C7«»«i r», cock holder. »t Mount Samuel, was charged, on the in lion of Walter Igndlow. hors driror. with n glft'tntc and relus'ng t' pav in o'mant the tra-iT Ids, wag,< alleged to tie due, to the said Walter L-ihiiow. C >ov plainam's case was that he entered Cnamlawtw sgni'6M & Kt-ucr.t!d^rrwl, at th wazcs of 15a & and served defendant lur 21 weeks; agrec.n u wet icr bal; B'd that en 3rd cf .tanorry bs' c.vni''i:Vii' *:« discharge.! withiut his wages, lie c'shu: J £ a h'fu tviijiqTn iioeb, overseer, appeared ou bchaii oi tciuiMut* and said fh-tcomplah aut forfeited I is rgr sb>raon of nsgligtnc; and iiUreutm<int towards bis (dtendsutV) horse-team, which die complaina it was driving as iha ■errant of defendant, and that through such illtrtat ment oue of Mr. Cucmi-er^'s horses died ou the road between Port Augusta aui Simah The Bench juled that these allegations oid not amount to a defence at all, inasmuch as the proper course for the defenfait to adept in the event of his property being injured by the negligence of bis servant was to lay an information. His Worship said he wou d adjourn the hearing for au hour, in order that an information mi»ht be laid, which was accordingly done, and after hearing the evidence of defendant's witnesses, Juhn Taylor and Arthur PolUtt, the Magistrate said the complainant might perhaps have exercised a better judgment in the management of his I horse-team, but that ti.erc w^s no-culpable negligence ] proved against the complainant. The amount of wsges claimed was therefore ordered to be paid forthwith. 