OPENING OF THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY. THE Great Western Railway will, as the public have been duly informed, be opened for traffic to-day as far the Blacktown Road, a distance of about eight miles from its junction with the Southern line, and twenty-one miles from Sydney. On Saturday last a final examination of the exten- sion, preparatory to its opening, was made by Captain Martindale and some of the officers of the Railway Department. The day being generally one of leisure, the occasion was taken to invite a large number of gentlemen to inspect the line ; the invitations were accepted by about forty gentlemen, twenty-one of whom were members of the Legislative Assembly, including most of the members of the present and of the late Governments. A few ladies also accompa- nied the party. A special train started from Sydney shortly after ten o'clock, and, without stopping at any of the sta- tions, proceeded towards Parramatta at a high rate of speed, which was abated only on passing the tempo- rary bridges at Ashfield and Homebush erected im- mediately after the flood had carried away portions of the embankment. The permanent bridges at these places are in progress ; most of the piles being driven, they will in two or three weeks be so far com- pleted as to allow of the up rails being laid, which will then be used for the entire traffic until the other halves of the bridges are constructed. The first stoppage of the train was at the junction of the Western and Southern lines, which is about a quarter of a mile on this side of the old Parramatta station, and nearly a mile from the town. The com- pany here left the carriages, and examined with much interest the admirable appliances—familiar to those who are acquainted with the large railway termini in England-adopted for ensuring the safety of the dif- ferent trains which will meet at this point. The principal apparatus is a narrow timber frame some thirty feet in height, upon which a semaphore is fixed ; the arms can be seen for a great distance on each of the three lines. The drivers of the engines have instructions to proceed quickly or slowly, or to stop, accordingly as they are directed by the signals in the day time, or by the colour of the light exhibited at night. From a gallery just under the semaphore the switches are worked for turning the points of the rails of the western extension, and according to the position of the points the trains will be guided to the southern or the western lines. There is at the junction station a commodious wooden platform on each side of the line, and also a plain building for a booking office. By the use of these the old Parramatta station will be superseded, the buildings of which will either be taken down or devoted to some other purpose. After the arrangements at the junction station had been examined, the train proceeded along the western extension. The new line, a few yards distance from the junction, crosses on a level the Parramatta road and after skirting the eastern end of the town, is carried upon a timber bridge across Church-street, the main thoroughfare near the corner of Argyle-street. The distance from the junction to this point is about a mile and a quarter ; a double line is laid so far, but for the re- mainder of the extension only a single line. There are two substantial bridges before reaching the new Parramatta station. The first of these, over Becket's Creek, is about two hundred feet in length ; it consists of nine bays of piles, each having five piles the greatest depth below the superstructure being thirty feet. Another creek nearer the town is crossed by a bridge 180 feet in length and twenty-eight feet in height, having nine bays of piles. Both of these, as well as all the other bridges upon this line are of iron- bark, and of similar construction to that, a model of which was lately exhibited in the Legislative Assem- bly, and respecting the stability of which so much contradictory evidence was given. The new Parramatta station is in Argyle-street, within a few yards of Church- street. The building is of brick, with stone dressings ; the rus- tic work and moulded cornices give it a handsome appearance, while its size and admira- ble general arrangements render it the most complete railway station in the colony. The length of the main buiding is 124 feet, and the width 18 feet ; the projecting front giving giving additional space. Besides the requisite offices for the railway business, and waiting and cloak rooms, there is an office for the telegraph. The platform is 250 feet in length, and is covered for the length of the building. On the opposite side of the rails or goods station, of brick with stone sills and coping, is about half finished, its dimensions being 112 feet by 31 feet 6 inches. A few of the party got out of the train at Parra- matta, but the majority accompanied Captain Mar- tindale in it to witness the testing of the nearer of the two bridges over which they had just passed. It may be necessary perhaps to describe the manner in which the amount of deflection caused by a train passing over a bridge is ascertained. The experiment was tried between the piles near one of the embankments, the span being twenty feet. Two long laths were procured, and the bottom of one resting firmly on the ground, and the top of the other meeting the lower beam of the superstructure, corresponding notches were made on each, and they were held together until the train had passed, when the distance of the notches apart showed the amount of the deflection, which was only an eighth of an inch. The train consisted of four or five carriages, and passed over the bridge at the rate of nearly forty-five miles an hour, but the deflection was stated by Captain Martindale to have been no greater when tested by two heavier engines and a much longer train. After a short interval the train proceeded towards the present terminus of the Western extension, at the rate of about forty miles an hour. The first portion of the line is through the town of Parramatta. The bridge over Church-street forms a considerable angle with that thoroughfare ; its length is 132 feet from one embankment to the other ; the centre opening is a laminated arch of thirty-five feet span. Within the town there are three other bridges of similar con- struction, carrying the railway over Marsden street, O'Connell- Street, and Pitt-row. Connecting these are some very heavy embankments averaging eighteen feet in height above the roadway ; one of these is about half-a-mile in length. On leaving the town the line curves slightly to the north, crossing the Parramatta Domain at the back of the old Govern- ment House, where there is a cutting a quarter of a mile in length, and twenty-six feet at the greatest depth. Further on at the western end of the Domain there are two other cuttings of about the same dimen- sion ; over one of these it is intended to throw a light bridge, to unite by a public road the land on either side, which has recently been sold in small allotments. These cuttings are through dark shale, similar to that which forms one of the points of dispute between the Engineer-in-Chief and Mr. Rhodes, as to whether it should be charged as rock. Beyond the Domain the line runs through Toongabbee and Prospect, where there are some cuttings of moderate size, and some bridges over the creeks of the same description as those near Parramatta. As the line approaches Blacktown the works have been of a light descrip- tion. The railway to the Blacktown road being only a portion of the western extension, the continuation of which to Penrith is being carried on by Messrs. Peto and Co., there are at present no indications around the station of the traffic that it is expected to obtain, there being scarcely a house in view, and a forest of gum trees enclosing both the road and the line. About three miles further along the road are the remains of Blacktown, which was at one time a con- siderable settlement. A piece of land was given by Governor Macquarie to a number of aborigines, who cultivated it successfully for a few years, and a school for their children was for some time in exist- ence. The town of Richmond being about twelve miles beyond the station, and Windsor sixteen miles, the large population and extensive agricultural pro- duce of the Hawkesbury district, will be available for the traffic on the new line, the road to the rail, way being a good one. As the Great Western railway takes rather a more northerly course than the road, they are for several miles a considerable distance apart. The Blacktown road meets the westem road two miles and a half from the station, and the junction of these roads is five and a half miles from Parramatta, and fifteen from Pen- rith. The road from that junction to the new station being a very indifferent one, the Bathurst and Pen- rith coaches will continue for the present to come to and start from Parramatta-the loss of three miles which the railway would save being more than com- pensated by the greater convenience afforded in Parramatta. The station arrangements at Blacktown consist of a four-room brick building, with booking offices attached ; a loop road for shunting carriages, and a carriage dock for receiving goods, trucks, horses, and carriages. There is a portico entrance to the building from the Richmond road, but at present there is no telegraph station at Blacktown. The preparations for the station being only commenced a fortnight since, the buildings we not yet complete, but will be ready recepti0n of the station master in the course of this week. The contractor for this portion of the Western ex- tension was Mr. J. Gibbons, who was for several years engaged upon the railway lines contracted for by Mr Randle. The line was commenced on the 20th of October, 1858, and has been for several months in an almost unfinished state. As the railway authorities did not press for its immediate completion, and as the contractor has lately been engaged in repairing the damage done by the floods to the Southern line, the opening of this line has been delayed considerably beyond the time at first proposed. In the construction of this extension about 300,000 yards of earth had to be removed The works generally, as compared with some of the other lines, have been of a light character. The greatest curve is a radius of forty chains. So far as the public are able to form an opinion as to the quality of the work, that opinion may be considered a favourable one; as the company on Saturday expressed their satisfaction with the appearance of the line, especially remarking the ease and steadiness of the motion of the train, which is no doubt as much due to the substantial character of the work as to the use of the double headed rails instead of the Barlow rails, which are laid on most of the other lines. The only objection taken to any portion of the works is one of a very trivial nature , it was suggested that the lower rail of the fencing was so near the ground as to endanger the fence in the event of a bushfire. The line now opened is the first one of any length that has been commenced and carried through under the present Engineer-in-Chief. Mr. Whitton being at Goulburn on business connected with the further extension of the railway at that di- rection was unable to accompany the party in their inspection of the line. During the inspection of the Blacktown-road station, the reflection that it the end of ten years of railway construction there were not seventy miles yet open for traffic in this country, suggested to one if the company a disadvantageous contrast with the Can- adian colonies, both in respect of the magnitude of the works and of the speed at which they are carried on, there being now literally an unbroken railway communication between the Gulf of St. Lawrence and the Gulf of Mexico. The gloomy view of the progress of our public works was quickly taken up by the Premier, who in a very demonstrative manner assured the party that if raílwnys were not carried on as fast as they wished it should not be the fault of his Government, and further promised them that the line to Penrith should be opened before they were turned out. Those present, who thought it not unlikely that the debates upon the forthcoming measures might lead to further Ministerial changes, naturally regarded the Premier's promise as an indication that the difference between the railway department and Mr. Rhodes had been amicably settled, and that the contract for the western extension would be carried on with extraordinary rapidity, and would be very speedily completed. The train having returned to Parramatta, and the inspection of the line being completed, the company divided into two parties, both of whom were very hospitably entertained, the one by Mr. J. Byrnes and the other by Mr. G. Oakes. After full justice had been done to an excellent luncheon at the house of each of the members for Parramatta, a game of cricket was proposed, and the proposal being readily re- sponded to, the legislative party adjourned to the Barrack-square, where the wickets were quickly pitched and sides formed. To those accustomed to watch the proceedings of these senators in another place, it was a singular, and certainly a welcome spectacle, to see them entering with all the zest of political partizans into a contest which some may not unreasonably consider to have been quite as advantageous to the country as those in which they have frequently engaged, and far more so to themselves. It was equally singular, and still more amusing, to observe them displaying, in this mimic battle all those peculiarities which so prominently distinguish them on the floor of the legislature,—to see them adopting the same tactics in alternately attacking and defending a position -to notice one honorable member aiming at the wickets with the directness and vigour with which he has often hurled other missiles,— another slogging away with the off-handed self confidence which has proved both his strength and his weakness,-a third vigi- lantly watching the ball, determining to " oppose the motion,"-and a fourth, with churlish independence, knocking down his own wickets. While surrendering themselves most thoroughly to the spirit of the game, the retention of these characteristics added materially to the amusement of the occasion, and the feature was perhaps required to give an aspect of genuineness to a scene so essentially unnatural, and yet so refresh- ing, as that of Ministers of the Crown and ex- Ministers in their shirt sleeves indulging, unre- strainedly in a game of cricket, regardless altogether of the maintenance of official dignity. The excursion train started for Sydney soon after six o'clock, all the party being delighted with the day's excursion, to the enjoyment of which the hospitable attentions of the two hon. members for Parramatta in a large degree contributed. 