EXPLORATION IN QUEENSLAND. THE BURDEKIN EXPEDITION. The following is the conclusion of the report, a portion of which appeared in The Argus of December 14 :- " Another broad valley towards the S.W. comes from between Clarke's Range and Mount Aber- deen, and another from the W. divides the huge mass of the latter mountain from the similarly-shaped Mount Abbott, of about 4,000ft. elevation. There is apparently much fine, rich, open, fresh and plain country in all these valleys, and that below Mount Abbott forms a level and direct route from Port Denison into the heart of the country, bringing the districts of the Bowen and Lower Burdekin within 50 miles, and the central part of the district of the Upper Burdekin within 100 miles of the port. In November last I also observed a similar broad valley running out to the coast on Upstart Bay, on the north- western side of the Mount Abbott Range. " A river, not previously known, was seen from Mount Gordon to traverse the broad valley be- tween it and Mount Abbott, running about 1½ miles behind Port Denison into the sea, at the N.W. extremity of Edgecumbe Bay. Its well-defined course was distinctly seen for a long way, coming down the S.W. valley, and a tribu- tary down that beneath Mount Abbott. Its bed is broad and sandy, lined with high- flooded gums, tea-trees, and casuarinae, with a stream of running water. Its banks were lined with camps and bush-fires of the natives ; in fact, at 11 a.m. every day clouds of smoke rose from the whole country, and even were there only a few blacks in the neighbour- hood of each smoke, this would prove the locality to be very thickly inhabited. " Mount Gordon appears to be composed prin- cipally of gneiss, but veins of a fine grey granite and quartz appear on its sides, quantities of the latter stone being strewed over the surface. A new Hybiscus was found in the scrub of the hill top ; also a bush with hook-shaped thorns, like the ' Wait-a-bit thorn' of the Cape of Good Hope. Quantities of the small fig were also found on the summit of Mount Gordon. " The Spitfire left Port Denison on the morn- ing of the 12th of September, with a fair wind, and in the afternoon the towering rugged wall of Cape Upstart, of 2,000 feet abrupt elevation, rose close on our port beam. A very swift tide- race and fresh easterly wind carried us round the cape, and we anchored close under its western side in Upstart Bay, in three fathoms, sand and clay bottom. "Cape Upstart is a range of high, rugged, rocky mountains of coarse granite, with many crenelated peaks rising very abruptly out of the ocean, and appears to be a continuation of the ranges of Mount Abbott, &c.;, as Gloucester Island, to which it bears a remarkable resem- blance, is of Mount Dryander. Upstart Bay is well sheltered, close under the cape, from easterly and south- easterly winds, but is open to the N. and N.E. I ascended a hill at the south end of the high land of the cape, and sounded the whole of the head of the bay, and found not only that many miles of salt-water swamps and mangrove creeks, penetrating the low land at the head and west side of the bay, completely cut off the cape from the mainland, and the creeks from the sound country behind, but that the whole south and west shores of the bay are shoal, the receding tide leaving large tracts of mud flats exposed. I named the hill which I ascended Mount Myrtacea, from a very fragrant and pretty species of the myrtle, with small white blossom scented like hawthorn, found among the rocks of its summit by Mr. Fitz- allan. "On the morning of the 15th September, I accompanied Mr. Smith and party ashore and to the top of a high peak of the cape, being anxious from that elevation carefully to examine the low country extending across Cape Bowling- green to the base of Mount Elliot, where I had last seen the channel of the Lower Burdekin in November, 1859. I could distinctly trace the valley of the Burdekin from near Mount Wick- ham to the south, to the base of the towering Mount Elliot to the north. Gregory and Stokes's Ranges bound its valley to the east. Leich- hardt's Range, through which I forced a passage in Noember last from the Upper and Lower Burdekin, bounds the western side of the valley. I then found that the river, 10 miles below Mount McConnoll, has broken its way through this mass of granitic mountains, having cloven a passage for about 15 miles in a north- easterly direction, precipitous mountains, heaped in wild confusion, rising sheer out of its bed, which is also rendered totally impassable by huge boulders and slabs of granite and trap rocks. On the east side, it flows suddenly forth through a mountain gateway into the rich and beautiful broad valley of its lower course to the N.N.W., exactly contrary to the S.S.E. direction of its upper channel. " From our elevated position, I could trace the river on the western shore of the bay disco- vered and explored by Captain J. C. Wickham, R.N., in 1839, for a long distance, in the direc- tion of Mount Elliot. Its mouth is two miles wide ; its bed large and sandy. " I was now at once struck with the peculiarity of the long low sandy Cape Bowling-green spread out to the eye like a map. Totally unlike all the other headlands of this coast, which are moun- tainous and rocky, it runs far out to sea a dead level sandy cape, between the mountain walls of Capes Upstart and Cleveland, and is seamed by many lines of river timber and by the bed of a river (the Wickham above named) too large to exist independent of the Burdekin in the narrow belt of land between its lower course and the ocean. I therefore came to the conclusion, which I immediately communicated to Mr. Smith, that Cape Bowling-green was a delta of several mouths of the Burdekin, and that the river found by Captain Wickham, R.N., was one of those mouths. From my knowledge of the in- terior to the N.W., I was also enabled to state that the high ranges running out on Halifax Bay presented an impenetrable barrier to the farther progress of the Burdekin to the north ; therefore, that to proceed to where those ranges abut di- rectly upon the ocean to the westward of Magne- tical Island, would place us beyond the river, and confine our search for its mouth, on our return, to Cleveland, Bowling-green, and Upstart Bays. " On the 14th of September, I accompanied Mr. Smith and Mr. Stone ashore. These gentleman were taking sights on an isolated rock. The botanical collector, Jamie Alexander (one of our black boys), and myself, formed a guard on the rocks above. Some blacks came down, and we gave them biscuit and tobacco, &c.;, being kind and civil to them, which they appeared to appre- ciate. They, however, began to feel us all over, and especially the botanist, who was in good con- dition - smacking their lips and giving other un- mistakable evidences of a relish for human flesh, and a desire to gratify it. More blacks came down; they attacked us with stones and spears, when we were necessitated to fire upon them, re- pulsing them with loss. " Cleveland Bay is about 12 miles in length and breadth, surrounded on the land side by tower- ing ranges of mountains, of which Mount Elliot, elevated 4,200ft. at the south end, is the loftiest. "The rocks of Cape Cleveland are granite and sienite, of which I brought away specimens. A very auriferous-looking quartz lay on the surface in small pieces, similar in appearance to that found on Cape Upstart, but I found none in situ. Two fine specimens were also found in a canoe, taken from the hostile natives ; also a good specimen of felspar. The hills of the south end of the cape are formed of a coarse granite, the summits being piled up with huge boulders and slabs. "The canoe taken from the natives was quite different from the others along the coast, being formed of one large sheet of bark about 10ft. long, sewed up at either end with the same cane-like creeper used for this purpose all down the coast, and was capable of carrying six or seven men. The paddle was of different and more rude construction than those farther south, and the natives themselves taller, very black, and of a more savage cast and expression of features. I have remarked that the aborigines about M Island take out the right front tooth; those on Mount Dryander the left, while those seen in Cleveland and Halifax Bays have no such peculiarity at all. " At daylight on the 17th of September, the Spitfire left Cape Cleveland, and beat up against a fresh north-westerly breeze for the northern Cape of Magnetical Island, where I landed with a party. It is high, rocky, and pine- clad, similar in character to Gloucester Island, Cape Upstart, and Cape Cleveland, and is separated from the mainland by a narrow strait, partly dry, exposing sand banks at low water. The formation of this island also is granitic, im- mense boulders of this rock lining the shores, and being piled on the summits, and strewed over the slopes of the hills in wild confusion. Lofty pines spring out of the crevices of the rocks, giving considerable beauty to the scenery. The timber of this pine is rather heavy, but tough, and with a beautiful grain, qualities which recom- mend it for house and boat building, furniture, &c.; It appears most nearly allied to the aura- caria Cookei. " The coast of Halifax Bay is low, with a nar- row belt of mangroves, faced by a beach of dead coral, sand, and shells. Behind the mangroves, swelling open forest ridges and low hills rise gra- dually back to the range, which embraces in its bend an extent of some 20 miles by 8 of fine country, openly timbered, and well adapted for cattle. " Having established the fact, by close exami- nation, that the Burdekin does not run into Halifax Bay, and that the high ranges which form the watersheds of the Burdekin, Perry, Mitchell, Lynd, and Kennedy, interpose an im- penetrable barrier to its passage further to the northward, a decision at which my previous knowledge of the interior greatly assisted me in arriving, I stated to Mr. Smith that the Burde- kin lay between us and Cape Upstart. The Spitfire was, accordingly put about, and we com- menced our homeward route, at a distance of 800 miles from Cape Moreton. " On the morning of the 19th of September, I landed and ascended the grassy hills forming the south headland of Halifax Bay. Immediately beneath the hills, a large extent of saltwater swamps, mud flats, and low plains, covered with large ant-hills, stretched for some seven miles to the south, occupying the position assigned in the maps to ' a large sheet of water seen from the hills at Cape Cleveland.' This does not, there- fore, exist ; but I have no doubt that during the rainy reason the whole of this flat forms a lake of five or six miles in diameter, and was probably seen and reported on under such circumstances. The whole coast country seems to swarm with blacks, whom we found here, as else- where, very hostile. From the hill top three large camps of them were seen on the flat close below. They saw and saluted us with loud yells, sent away the old men and gins with the camp equipage, and prepared for a move in our direction, which convinced me, from former experience, that mischief was brewing. Mr. Smith had just finished his observations on the hill-top, when a number of these natives came over the shoulder, and seeing us descending, got between us and the boats. At the bottom of the hill we had to descend about 30ft. of precipitous rocks right in face of the natives, who poised their spears, yelling and dancing in a very hostile manner, which for the safety of the party obliged us to fire upon them, when they retreated. We made a slow and orderly retreat to the boats, halting at intervals to face about, and fire upon the more daring who followed us up, throwing spears. We had just shoved off, when about 40 armed natives appeared on the beach, having crossed the hills by two different routes to cut off our retreat. The aborigines on Magnetical Island, having watched the two boats' crews away from the vessel, came down on the Spitfire, armed, in two canoes, but were repulsed by Mr. Bousfield by a discharge of the brass gun." " On the 22nd September, the Spitfire left Cleveland Bay and stood into Bowling Green Bay, to examine the large entrance seen from the hills of the cape. Crossing the bar with 7ft. of water, a three-fathom channel was found with- in, and we proceeded up a very promising-looking river, with deep water, broad reaches, and evi- dences, by wreck and drift timber, of being the drain of a large tract of country. We found the en- trance to the creek seen to come from Cleveland Bay, about three miles up the river, and Mr. Smith named it Crocodile Creek. About four miles up the river the mangroves alternated with small plains sprinkled with a few eucalypti, ash, pan- danus palms, &c.; The general course of this channel is from the S.S.E., coming from the direction of the Wickham River and of the point where I left the Lower Burdekin, and which was not more than 20 to 30 miles off. Its sandy bed is formed of the detritus of primary rocks full of gold-coloured mica, and exactly similar to that of the whole course of the Burdekin. Here also we found the white duck, seen only on the lower course of that river. " No opening could be found through the bar into the river, the whole estuary being evidently silted up by the sand deposited by it, and beaten back by the prevailing N.E. and S.E. winds on a lee shore. " The sections of soil exposed by the water on the banks of the river, showed a dark chocolate, and at times black alluvial deposit, suited to the growth of rice, sugar, cane, tobacco, Indian corn, &c.; ; but the inundations which sweep over this low country, during the tropical rains of the summer season, will be a serious obstacle to ren- dering this immediate locality of any agricultural utility for many years to come. " Abundance of mullet, bream, sharks, and multitudes of young crocodiles, were seen in the waters. The large black duck and shell-coloured and white duck of the Burdekin frequent this locality ; native companions and turkey bustards stalked over the plains ; curlews, oyster catchers, white and grey, and black and white cranes, large dark brown herons, shags, and thousands of small finches and song birds inhabit the shores and thickets of the channel, numbers of pelicans were squatted on the sand-banks at the mouth of this as well as of the Mount Elliot branch, winging their flight from the south ; and as I saw large num- bers of them in that direction on the lower Burdekin, and in no other part of the district, I look upon this as additional evidence in proof of these channels being mouths of that river. As the position of the Spitfire was a most dangerous one, on the morning of the 25th of September we pulled down the river and went on board, and at 1 p.m. we weighed and stood out of Bowling Green Bay against a stiff north-easterly wind and heavy sea. " Being most anxious to obtain a near bird's- eye view of the course of the Wickham, and into the country beyond, across the Bowling Green Delta, towards where the channel of the Burdekin turns abruptly to the eastward, Mr. Smith, on the 27th September, stood across the bay, and anchored under Beach Mount, near the mouth of that river. From the summit of Beach Mount, I was happily enabled by the ex- cellent view obtained of the Wickham River, of the whole Bowling-green Delta, to the base of Mount Elliot, and the point where I left the Lower Burdekin in November last, to satisfy my- self that the first-named river, the two estuaries explored by us in Bowling Green Bay, and the one in Cleveland Bay, are unquestionably the long sought mouths of the Burdekin. The Wickham River is the principal channel; the mouth next to Mount Elliot the second, and the eastern branch in Bowling Green Bay, and the creek in Cleveland Bay, the third and fourth, and of least importance. It is evident that the River Burdekin has not always been choked up by this delta, but that at some remote period, it ran right out into a fine bay, formed by the headlands of Capes Upstart and Cleve- land, in one unbroken channel, carrying the detritus of the primary rocks of a course of nearly 400 miles out to seaward, where, met at the entrance of the bay by the wash of the Pacific, propelled by the north-east, east, and south-easterly trades, it formed the hook-shaped sand-spit, which is now the extremity of Cape Bowling-green. The deposit of detritus in suc- ceeding ages then doubtless gradually increased this external accumulation, until the whole of the bay at the outfall of the river became an im- mense delta, extending from Beach Mount to Mount Elliot, and connecting with the point of the original outside bank. This deposit doubt- less raised the bed of the central channel, until, being elevated as we found it above the adjacent lowlands, the waters of the river were diverted into the Wickham, the Mount Elliot branch, and a multitude of minor channels, radiating through the root of the Cape Bowling Green delta into the bays on either side. The result of these influences, therefore, has been to split up the magnificent channel of the Lower Burdekin, of nearly a mile in width, where I left it in November last, into three large and a multitude of small channels ; to convert its original principal channels into mere tide- ways, to divert its waters into minor channels, and to render every one of those unfit for the purposes of commerce and navigation. Although there is water within to afford navigation for flat bottomed vessels and steamers, every one of these mouths is completely barred from ingress from seaward, except at high water for very small vessels, whose entrance and exit must de- pend upon the strength and direction of the trade-winds. " I informed Mr. Smith that I was now per- fectly satisfied that we had completely settled the question of the mouths of the Burdekin, and we deemed it necessary for the safety of the ex- pedition to weigh and stand out of the bay. " Port Denison having now been decided to be an excellent harbour, and well situated with re- gard to the Kennedy district, and in every respect the most suitable for a settlement, we returned to it on the 29th September, to complete a sur- vey and exploration of its waters and shores, convinced of its superiority as a port in every respect, even had the Burdekin been found to be a navigable river. During our stay a series of easterly and south-easterly gales gave us every opportunity of deciding that the port is a very well sheltered, as well as a commodi- ous harbour. The most sheltered part of the port is the northern corner. Here a smooth sandy beach is backed by a level open ridge, extending for about a mile, between two low rocky promontories, abutting on the water, and sweeping back for a mile in a semi- circular form, in sound ridges and undulations, up to three higher hills to the north, altogether forming a beautiful site for a township. The new river is distant only one mile and a half from this site; and abundance of excellent water was obtained in large wells of the natives close to the beach, in the old bed of a creek. A reservoir dug here, by simply emptying an old waterhole, would afford sufficient for the requirements of the port for some years to come. The country around, with the exception of some small scrubs and mangroves towards the ocean, is all open forest and plains. Abundance of fine granite for buildings can be obtained on the spot. Ironbark, flooded gums, tea-trees, and Leich- hardt-trees (the latter a very fine timber) are to be found in the adjacent valleys and watercourses; while Gloucester island, and those of the Cumber- land Group, afford a supply of pine timber of very superior quality, which cannot be exhausted for years to come. Port Denison is easy of access from all parts of the interior; and I have great pleasure in strongly recommending this to His Excellency the Governor and the Queensland Government as the site most suitable for a first settlement and port for the new Kennedy dis- trict, of which I have the honour of being com- missioner. " In a small valley of the hills, on a knoll in the forest, we found the newly-made grave of a black. It was raised in a mound lying N.W. and S. E., the direction of sepulture among the ancient Celtic race. It was covered neatly with tea-tree bark, kept down by logs. A space was swept clear around for some yards, and the spear of the deceased, one end charred by fire, was stuck in the ground at the S.E. end, and beside it was a bed of clean reeds, but whether intended for the seat of lamenting relatives, or whether, partaking in the belief of the North American Indians and other savage races, both ancient and modern, that the deceased enjoys the pleasures of the chase in his after state, these people leave the spear for his hand and the grass bed to recline upon after the chase, it is impossible to decide, though I am inclined to believe this to be the case. Many well-beaten paths around the grave were closed by having branches laid across them ; and a quarter of a mile off a line of branches, like a low fence, extended from the beach inland, as if to cut off this neighbourhood from present use, no fresh tracks being found within it. A similar place was found on Stone Island and is evidently a part of the system of 'taboo' practised by the islanders of the Pacific. "During our stay in Port Denison, our last remaining sheep was allowed to run on Stone Island. He was killed and brought on board at our departure, and found to have improved in condition so rapidly, as to confirm me in my previous convictions that the grasses and climate of this district are well adapted for the rearing of stock and growth of wool. " On the 9th October the survey and explora- tion of the port and neighbourhood being com- pleted, the Spitfire stood out by the south passage, and, assisted by favourable winds, arrived at Cape Moreton on the morning of the 18th of October, and at Brisbane, off the Government Wharf, the same evening, having, in an absence of two months all but four days, traversed a dis- tance direct of about 1,600 miles, minutely ex- amined about 140 miles of coast, discovered and explored the mouths of the River Burdekin and made an accurate survey of a port which must prove of very great advantage to the magnificent district of which it is the natural outlet. "From Port Denison to the northern boun- dary of the district in Rockingham Bay the coast, its promontories, and mountains, including the upper and lower valleys of the Burdekin, are nearly, all of primary formation, granites of many varieties, sienites, &c.; To the south-west of the Burdekin, however, I found much sandstone of a very red colour, and saw cliffs of it far to the west and south-west of the Cape and Belyando Rivers; which, in detached ranges, appeared to be the continuation of the great Australian Cor- dillera, from the watershed of the rivers Cape, Belyando, Nogoa, Maranoa, Warrego, and Bar- coo, towards the Cape York Peninsula, between the waters of the Pacific and the Gulf of Car- pentaria. The palaeozoic and metamorphic again occur in the valley of the Lower Burdekin, and the former, at lat. 19 deg, S. on the Upper Burdekin, occurs in juxta position to fields of basalt. Here on limestone hills, about 1,500 feet above the sea, I found large fossil bivalves and corals similar to those found by Dr. Leichhardt, and reported upon by the Rev. W. B. Clarke. Metamorphic rocks again occur on Halifax and Rockingham Bays, with granites of fine varieties. "During my expedition last year I found con- siderable tracts of country in the neighbourhood of Leichhardt's and Robey's Ranges, bearing auriferous indications of a very marked descrip- tion. On the ridges beneath the granitic moun- tains of Robey's Range especially, were mounds and huge blocks of white quartz, the strata of the watercourses exposing clay slates, psam- nite, and quartz, in layers; blocks of the latter rock and quantities of black sand occupying the beds of the creeks. The appearance of the country to the south- west and south of Port Denison leads me to anticipate auriferous indications in that neighbourhood also. The Rev. W. B. Clarke has long pointed to this region as the seat of the future gold-fields of the north, and my observations certainly give addi- tional probability to the speculation that here the future will develope the principal auriferous depo- sits of Queensland. " It is a peculiar geographical feature of north- eastern Australia that the high ranges which branch off from the great main Cordillera, north of latitude 28deg. south, run out in a northerly direction, generally terminating in the Pacific in abrupt rocky promontories of high elevation, such as Cape Moreton, Sandy Cape, Capes Capricorn, Townshend, Hillsborough, Gloucester Island, Upstart, Cleveland, Magnetical Island, Melville, and York. The ranges to which these headlands form the coast terminations can, however, in many instances, be traced further to the north in the high rocky islands and submarine moun- tain pinnacles of the Pacific - the latter being on this coast neither created nor diminished by the coral insect, but are portions of the great Aus- tralasian upheaval, taken advantage of by these tiny oceanic architects to found and rear their submarine structures. The most remarkable instances of these prolonged headlands are the Flinders' Rocks, Smith's Rock, &c.;, off Cape Moreton; Townsend and Percy Islands, &c.;, and the submarine pinnacles beyond them ; Holborn Island, with reference to that of Gloucester, and the Magnetical and Palm Islands, with regard to Mount Elliot and the chain of which he forms the grand and towering coast termination, whilst the islands and reefs of Torres Straits continue the Aus- tralian backbone range right over to New Guinea. Between these great spurs of the Eastern Cordillera of Australia are the channels of those large rivers of the north-east coast, which bear the drainage of its eastern slopes to the Pacific, such as the Brisbane, Mary, Burnett, Fitzroy, Burdekin, and Kennedy. The Burde- kin, after traversing the upland valley of its upper course, breaks through the granite Leich- hardt's Range to a lower level, and although diverted into a N.N.W. course by local mountain impediments, is finally guided into the ocean by the ranges terminating in Capes Upstart and Cleveland, between which it has formed the Great Cape Bowling Green Delta. " The vegetation of these latitudes, although of course partaking far more of the tropical cha- racter and luxuriance than the more southern parts of Queensland, with the exception of the absence of the box and apple tree, and a change in the character of the pines and sundry other trees and shrubs, appears to lose none of the woods or plants of the latter region, all being found in the soil and situation suited to their growth, and appearing more dependent upon these than upon latitude and temperature for their existence. Deciduous trees and shrubs are more numerous, and palms, figs, wild plums, and other edible native fruits, are more plentiful than to the south. A far greater variety of flowering and sweet-scented shrubs and plants give beauty and sweetness to the scrubs and shady nooks of the mountain gorges and the rocky ravines of the coast and islands. The grasses of the district are of great variety, richness, and nutritive property ; and there is very little scrub offering harbour to hostile natives or an escape for cattle, to prevent the speedy occupation of this splendid district. " In animal life the Kennedy is not very pro- lific, I presume from the numbers of aborigines. It can, however, boast of three new species of kangaroos and wallabies - viz., a large, hand- some, dark chocolate-coloured kangaroo, with dark tan muzzle, tail and paws very similar in shape and size to the walleroo; a lighter choco- late-coloured rock wallaby ; and another mouse- coloured variety, with whitish tail and muzzle. There is certainly a greater amount of insect and reptile life. Snakes are abundant, and of large size. A green snake was seen at Port Denison 10ft. long and 4in. in diameter. Crocodiles are abundant in the rivers and large creeks. Last year I saw several in the Lower Burdekin and Bowen, and two in the Upper Burdekin, about 200 miles from the sea. They are of two distinct species - one a very large yellowish crocodile, about 20ft. long, with broad webbed feet; the other smaller, about 10ft. long, nearly black, and with smaller feet, shaped more like the flippers of a turtle. Those found in the Fitzroy are very similar, and I have no doubt will prove to be identical, although they appear to become more numerous in the tropics. "The aborigines of the Kennedy are more numerous than in any other part of the eastern coast of Australia. They are generally large athletic men, and have as yet proved hostile to the few white wanderers who have traversed the country. That the coast blacks are cannibals I have no doubt; but I believe that this fearful propensity commences only near the Tropic of Capricorn. The aborigines of the Kennedy have certainly appeared to me to have more intellect than their southern neighbours, although this varies with the locality; and I have no doubt that they may ultimately be made more useful when the advantages of submission to the white man have become apparent to them. In their weapons and in every other respect they are very similar to the rest of their countrymen, excepting that the workmanship and ingenuity displayed in the erection of their huts, and formation of their canoes, nets, fishing lines, dilly-bags, clubs, and weapons, is superior to anything I have seen elsewhere in Australia. " The climate of the Kennedy district, although decidedly tropical, is particularly healthy; the easterly trade winds moderating the temperature at all seasons, while the direct rays of the summer sun, which in these latitudes are extremely pene- trating, are generally subdued or wholly obscured by the dense clouds of the rainy season, which sets in in November and December with tropical severity. In 1859, the rains commenced on the coast on the 20th of November, and in the more elevated part of the district of the Upper Burdekin, in the middle of December, lasting for six weeks, with thunderstorms, and heavy rain day and night, like the Indian monsoon, flooding the creeks and rivers, and rendering travelling both difficult and dangerous, when practicable at all. During the whole time that I was in the district, viz., from October, 1859, till the end of January, 1860, the prevailing wind was from the N.E., and the highest reading of the thermome- ter was 98deg. Fahrenheit in the shade in Decem- ber; the lowest reading of the same month being 71deg., and the mean temperature for the month 83½deg. Fahrenheit, in the shade of a tree. No hot wind was experienced in the dis- trict; and I attribute to its position between the Pacific and the Gulf of Carpentaria, and north of the furnace-like blasts which sweep out of the central desert over New South Wales and Vic- toria, the equable and moderate temperature of the climate, and the regularity of the periodical rains." 