MELBOURNE. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] TUESDAY MORNING, 31st January. - The eleven of New South Wales landed early on Monday morning, and were most cordially received by a small number of gentlemen who had hastened down to the Railway pier to welcome them. The majority of the Victorian eleven and the secretary of the match committee waited at the Melbourne terminus of the railway, having, with the current punc- tuality of the place, missed the train. Your eleven, how- ever, met with a most cordial greeting on all sides, and a close scrutiny from their cricketing rivals Their appearance created a sensation in favour of the New South Wales prospects, and takers at 2 to 1 on Victoria became plentiful. They are now playing a practice match at Emerald Hill before a large concourse of eager specta- tors. They are to be feted at host Munn's to-morrow. The Melbourne cricket ground is in a most active state of bustle and confusion. Grand stands and marquees are being erected, for the accommodation of thousands, all round ; the outside public being left to got their peeps of the glory of the conquest as they can be- tween the interstices. In this matter the match committee have made a grand mistake. A back ground of outsiders does much towards sustaining the ex- citement of the game. The larger number of participa- tors in this excitement the better the play goes off. The majority of spectators, practically unacquainted with this noble game, catch their excitement from the multitude, and are led on to the enjoyment of what they would otherwise fail to appreciate, by the excited movements, the depreca- tory buzz, and the deafened applause of the young lookers on, who eagerly watch and thoroughly enjoy every move. The intercolonial match this year will be more like a great event at "Lords," or the "Oval." We have very little doing here in other matters than cricket. The Estimates are bomg got through sloiny. The consideration ot tho Land Bill is adjourned from day today, to makeuaj loi the committee ol supply. Thq Upper House havo made progiess with the Divorce Hill, and the Real Property Bill In the Lower House all is talk still Ministers seem tolerablj secure in their posi- tion, tho Opposition is broken up into minute factious, having no real power in the House separately. Onr two new gold-fields, Lamplough and Nicholson, hate not yet made any figure in the escort returns At Lamplongh It is pro\td that a large c\tent of country is, more or less, auriferous, but the gold lies in patches, and a great deal of labour is thrown away in procuring it. The -Nicholson gold field bids fair to take in the greater portion of Gipps Land Mr. Warburton Carr, the resident Warden, IB now in town with evidence of tho existence of gold in moderately paying quantities In soveral localities very widely situate. The existence of tin in the beds of the creeks is also proved beyond doubt, although there ore different opinions as to quantities likely to be obtained. Certainly, if tno samples which have hitherto reached town have been fair samples, the yield will bo very consider- able. Ws bave paper« from Melbourne, to the Slst ultimo. , The following quotation« are from the Argus. An ordination of priests, n very interesting ceremonial in th* Catholic Church, took place on baturday morning, in St. Patriok's Church The candidates wore the Rev. William Finn and the Rev. John O'connell Tho Bight ROT. Dr. Goold waa the oelo brant, and the following clergymen assisted -Dean Fltspatrlck, Dr. Barry (President of the Collcgo), Dean Hayes (from Geolong), Rev. Meurs M'Carthy, Hayden, Moore, Madden, and England. The ceremony lasted about an hour, and it ia worthy of remark that the Rev. Mr. Finn is the first priest educated and ordained in Viotoria. The following statistics will bo of interest, a« affording some idea of the amount of business transacted during the yoar in the Central and Western Gaols of Melbourne. The Western gaol Is generally appropriated to female prisoner« and lunatics, and the Central Gaol to those of the male sex awaittni trial or under sentence of confinement. The total number of those who havo passed through tho two gaols during the year m9 was 4390-31 li of those bong males, and 1281 females. The average number of prisoners each day during the year waa 314 and a fraction. The total number of prisoners brought before the Supreme Court for trial from the two gaol« wa« 471 There were five execution« during the twelve months, and thirteen prisoner« condimnod to capital punishment bad their sentences commuted. At about half-past one o'olock on Sunday morning, a fire broke out on the premises of Messrs. J H. Moulines and Co , printers, No 72, Collins street East The flames, whion. originated in the front «bop, where the Australian Celt is published, wera fortunately discovered by Mr L Kelly, of the Argus Hotel, before anv serious damage was done. Four or five small fishes were caught on Friday In tho Tarra by a boy who was a.gling near the Hawthorne Bridge, whioh, upon examination, turned out to be undoubted specimens of the Murray River cod One of them, measuring about three Inches in length, -was broocht alive to tho office of this paper (the Argus), and at the time we write «til remains swimming about in a tolerably healthy condition. It has beca seen by a gentleman thoroughly capable of ghing an opinion on the subject, and pronounced a genuino Murray Uiver cod. ihe hot winds of Saturday and Sunday last have not allowed the plants and shrubs in the Botanic Gardens to remain un- scathed, and their trace« are everywhere visible. Tbe annual breakfast of the \ Ictoria Auxiliary of the Australa- sian Weeleyan Missionary Society was held on the 2Gth, in tho Wesley Church new schoolrooms, Lonsdale-atreet. Among other interesting statements made, one of the «peaker« «aid that hand- some contributions were sent in by the natives of the Friendly Islands, tho Fiji, and hew Zealand Ono tribo had given seven tons of cocoa- nut oil, another, £122 for Bibles, and a third had forwarded ¿200 to the Bible Society at home. OB Monday last, at about 12 o'clock in the morning, a high- way robbery uhder arma wa« perpetrated on the Dunolly-ioad, at a place about two mile« from the Bott Bett Bridge, and fonr miles distant from Avoca. The Beechworth Constitution draw«"attention to what it call« " An Acceptable Offer."-Mr. Kneebone offer« to show a lead in Bowman's Forest that will produce 10,000 ou. of gold-asking sa a reward the really moderate sum of £1000, and himself adds the stipulation that the reward shall not be payable or be paid until the 10,000 0.8 «hall have been obtained. We add o few extract« from the Age - Telegraphic communication with Tasmania has been ono* more interrupted in consequence of «erne accident between King's Island and Circular Head. The camel family nt Cremorne has had an increase. On Satur- day evening, at Beven o'clock, a female calf came into the world, both it and its august parent are " as well a» can be expected." On Friday evening a fire took place at Woorajee. by which a house and property belonging to Mr. Bilson, to the value ofjjSliSOO, were destroyed. . . . The Geelong Advertiser «vys that "o match has been mode by four 'gentlemen' who hold a forward place on the turf, to ride eighteen stone, for ooasiderable stakes." The contractor« for the Geelong and Ballaarat line of railway have advertised for fifteen hundred stonebreakers. A horrible murder took place at Bendigo on Sunday, when in the course of a quarrel a woman stabbed her husband and caused his Immediate death. Mr. G. V. Brooke has billi getting Into u lug ruco again in the country. The Mount Alexander Matt says neither publio nor managers w11) muoh longer tolerate his ecocntrleitles. A S-iiiAHo« DlscovxiiT.-On Monday last tho Tarra'Tarra yielded up somo of Its trcasuros in tho form of private papers and d< uirocntK of various kind, conveyances of land, &c;, many of which wcro washed ashoro near tho railway station. Wo had nn opportunity of Inspccllng a few of the papers, which it Is ssid were somo limo ago in the pos-esslon of a person who hn» «ince lett the colony without tho cognisance of the general body of his friends. The deeds ecom to bn little injured by the water. It is suppo-cd that they had been thrown int» the stream for conceal nxn ; but it is a curious cireumstanoo that thoy should so soon bavo been as it were accidentally recovered. Tua BIHLK SOCHTV.-The eighteenth anniversary of the Vic- torian Auxiliary Bible Society was held on Monday cronlng, at the Mechanics' Institute, The large hall was exceedingly well filled, and a largo number of ladies wcro present. Amongst those on the platform we nollced his Excellency Sir II. Barkly, Cap- tain Timmins, the Ilight Kov. tho Bishop of Melbourne, Major Hodgson, R. Kerr, l>q. ; and tho Rev» Messrs. Hetherington, Darling, S. L. Chase, Ironside, Butters, Dare, Hotelier, M'Donald and numerous other clergymen of various denominations. Mr. Kerr, the treasurer, rend the financial statement of tho soolety, from which it appeared that the receipts during tho pant year h.id amounttd to £1060 ISs. 5d., and tho Disbursements to £1049 13s., leaving abalance In "tin treasurer's hands of £11 5s 5d. i'KAiiruL Bus« FIRES.-AS mlitht havo been anticipated, the hot weather of iho last fow dajB has resulted in »onie serious bush-fires. Wo have been Informed that tho greater portion of Mr. John M'l'bcr-on's station, at Mount Rouse, lins been de- stroyed. At Mr. Urquhart's station a great deal of damago has been lustalncd; all tho houses wcro destroyed, and Mrs. Urqu- hart, who was confined to bed, received ?( cry soriaus Injuries At Mr. Shcrrick's most of tbo station was burned, and a largo quantity of timber ready for crcotlng a new residence was totally destroyrd. Our informant has just returned from tho Mount Rouse District, whero he states the bush is on uro for five miles at a stretch.- Jlnrmnmooof Jxniinricr, January Î4. GUKATFIKK AT BALLAARAT.-NI.NK BUIIDINOS Dss-rnoVKD. About ten o'clock on yesterday (Sunday) evening, another largo flro occurred, whioh in n short spaoo of timo consumed milo buildings, whilst sc\eral others wcro destroyed by bclnc pulled down. Tho fire was first discovered on tho proml-es of Mr. Rowe, butcher, near tho Robin Hood Hotel on tho Plank Road, wbenco it extenfed as far as Harrison's tlmbor-yo.nl, whero it wss arrested. Tho damage is estimated ata very large sum.- ¡Time «. 