|; i-.CQLO^TAL^B^S.Í^V- . VICTORIA." Wo have received Melbourne papers to the 16th instant. A speoiol general meeting of the members of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce was held on the 14th, ut which the offer of tltu P. & 0\. Company to run a fort- nightly mail via Gulle, lor an addition 'of £25,000 to their pi osent contrnut, was taken into consideration. A resolution was passed to the effect that .tho offer be accepted, tbw oolony guaranteeing tho payment of the £25,0(10 until arrangements have been made with .the neighbouring colonies ; and also Victoria being made the first port of arrival after King George's Sound, and South Australia the last of departure. ' " > Telogiuphio communication with Tasmania was re sumhedou the, 14th, the defect in the line-whioh was found to be between Geelong and Cape Otway-having been rectified. , A number of Mossis. Cornish and Bruoe's imported masons, at Harcourt, are said to be on strike. A party of Chinese, whilst washing the debris in a claim lately^ occupied by tho Big Engine Company, at Ballaarat, discovered ft leathern nag, containing about fiitv ounoes of gold, probably secreted end lost. The coroner's jury that inquired into the oiroumstanoes of tho late fire in Madeline-street, ¿Melbourne, have en tirely acquitted Mr. Sinoleir of blame. »Some remarks made at the timo of the first account of the fire, tended to raise a suspicion whioh has never been íomoved. . ! According to tho Herald, the new gold-field at Lam- plough appears to be keeping up its oharnoter. The rush te it is still as great as ever. The official statement from the Chief Secretary is that these diggings are assuming an important charaotor, and tbnttbero aro already 20,000 people on the ground ; that no single individual.had ob- tained any great result, but he believed the diggings would turn out to be very profitable. - > On Monday, the 9tb, a little girl named Andrews fell into tho Yarra. Hor brother, n mere ohild, stretched out his hand to her ; when she took it, he fell in also. The girl was rescued, but tho boy was drowned. A considerable amount of damage was done by a fire in Bruns« ¡ok-Btreet, Melbourne, on the 10th, on the promises known as the Glasgow Dairy. The Argue describes a new machine for the manufac- ture of brickB, imported into the colouy and patented. " Tho machine stands about seven loot nigh, and about five by four in breadth, and is worked by a couplé of horses, although steam or water power may be used for tho same purpose. The olay is placed In the top of the machino, and is gradually worked down by a number of iron knives attached to a shaft running perpendicularly down tbo machino, and at the top ot which shaft are plaoed tho two sweeps to which the horses are fastened. The clay is forced through a. false mould or grate,'and then enters the real mould, in which five brioks are made at ono time. Upon one monld being withdrawn,' another supplies its place. The brioks manufactured appeared to be of an excellent description, the corners being well cut, and quite as peiicct ns any that are madefy tbo band. Unfortunately, the quality of the clay need yesterday was suoh that some difficulty occurred in shaking the brioks out of the moulds. The inventors of' the muchino are Messrs. Sands and Cummings, and it has been imported from America'into the colony by Messrs. Brayton and Berry, who have taken a patent out for it in this and the neighbouring colonies, it is on their brick ¡ field that it has been put up. We are told that in the States it has been found that, worked by a oouple of horses, from 14,000 to 18,000 brioks a day may be made. Worked by steam or water power, one-third more is made." Several burglaries are reported in the papers. In one instance. Mr. Marris, a timber merchant, was awakened by tbo movemonts of a man in his bedroom, and jumping out of bed gave chase in his night-shirt to the burglar. After n long run he WSB gaining on him, when the,man called out, " I say, old boy, if you follow any further I'll stick you." This, it appears, cheoked the pursuit ; but the thief was subsequently apprehended. An important discovorv of limestone has been made in the neighbourhood of ballaarat. The quality of the limo produced is first-rate. The Warrnambool Examiner reports that about a hundred horsemen assembled at Mr. Black's station of Glenmoriston, and succeeded in driving into an enclosure tipnardsof 2000 kangaroos ; nearly half of them were slaughtered in the yard, and the others escaped. Reports of tho crops from the country districts appear generally satisfactory. The Argus says :-The decision of the Board in the matter of the loss of tho Thistle is-1. That the coal on board when tho steamer left waa inadequate for the pas- sage to Port Albert. 2. That the loss of the Thistle was attributable to the master committing a very grave error in judgment, in taking the bar at Port Albert at low water, he being awaro that it wag dead low water at the time, the vessel deeply laden, and that the effect of the easterly wind then blowing was to produce lower tides than usual. 3. That the master is to blame, as well, when, having decided on taking the bar, he neg- lected to see that the engineer was at his post and pre- pared for any emergency, by having full steam on and the engines at their utmost speed. The Board express tboir opinion that the arrangements made after the vessel struck were judicious ; that the master's conduct was cool and seamanlike ; the officers and crew con- ducted themselves in a highly praiseworthy manner, they having obeyed all orders with alacrity, and exerted themselves to the utmost on the occasion. The Board also have much pleasure in noticing the prompt measures taken by the harbour-master and pilot at Port Albert, ' with their crews, to render assistance at the scene of the wreck. Tho Portland Chronicle reports the occurrence of somo destructive bush-fires in the vicinity of Wambo Vale. The Bendigo Mercury says.--" Amongst the unfor- tunates who fell victims to a watery grave in the late shipwreck of tho Boyal Charter, we already know that four individuals were from Bendigo. Amongst them was the brother of Mr. Watson, of the well-known mining firm of Watson and Latham. Two miners from Epsom, Richard Reed and William Nioholas, having made their ' pile,' were on thoir return to their native parish, ^t. Agnes, Cornwall. Wm. latham was on a pleasure trip to see his friends in Cornwall. He was a partner in a quartz- crushing machine on Ironstone Hill. There will hardly bo a gold-field in the colony but that will mourn the loss of somo one well known. Most of the vessels in Hobson's bay lowered their flags half-mast high as soon as the loss of the ill-fated steamer was known." The following incident, from the Herald, shows the necessity of more caution in the use of poisons than would seem to be frequently exhibited :-" About three weeks ago two travellers called at an out-station belong- ing to Mr. Staughton, seeking hospitality for the night. This was at onoe aocorded them, and subsequently one of tho parties took up a pannikin that was on the ground outside the hut, and brought some water in it from the | oreek for the pnrpose of making tea. After this'had"1 been partaken of by both the shepherd and his visitors,' all the parties wore seriously indisposed, and one of the travellers, who was a weak, sickly man, died tbe next - morning. It is supposed the pannikin contained arsenic, ns a quantity of that poison had been used on tho station for tho purposo of dressing sheep for tbo'fly," The DoniHauin correspondent of the Melbourne Her aid reports tho oommlttal of Gegun and his wife, on the charge of having been concerned in the robbery of the bank in Ootoberlast. Amongst the additional evi- dence taken was the following by District Constable Car- ter, who had searched for the money in the place'where Gegan's hut had stood. Having mentioned .the names of lils companions on the occasion, he said-" After searching for a considerable time, on passing the re- mains ota dead bullock I looked inside and saw some- thing which I took for a bone. I moved it with a stick, and lound it was not ; called tho police magistrate j he enid, ' Lift up the body;' I did so, and we found a towelt rolled up, anti pinned m three places, on opening n-hioh we found that it contained bank notes; inside the notes was another roll of some notes, and four sovereigns in-, side tho notos ; tho towel was round the outer parcel, ,» piece of shawl around tbo smaller parcel ; I then went to Gegan's tent-it had beon burnt-and I found the pieces of shawl whioh I hold in my hand ; I was called upon by tho police magistrate to compare the pieces of shawl ¡ I found them to bo tho same pattern as those round the parcel-and both had been burnt ; I recog- nised them to be tho same pattern as a shawl I saw on. Mrs. Gegnii about a fortnight beforo the bank waa rob- bed." Some of the notes found wore identified by .wit- nesses from the bank. Wo have received Melbourne papers to the 14th ¡net. Tho proposals of the P. and O. Company for "a fortnightly line of steamers to Gallo in connection with ' tho India and China steamers, in place of tho present : through lino via Mauritius, appears to bo generally received with favour ; tho conveyance of mails, and not of pns8eiigors,lboing looked upon as the great object of the service. The Chamber of Com meroo at Holbourne has strongly pronounced in their support, recommending that Victoria should oven gnaranteo the wholo moiety of ' the sum required (£205,000), should tho othor colonies deolino assonting to the vat iution of the present contract. The Melbourno correspondent of tho ¡sydney Morning Herald writes thus on this subject: "Groat publie interest is being tnkon in the proposition recently put forward by the ugent of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, to substitute a fortnightly mail lorvioo between Sydney and Gajle for tbo existing monthly sorvioo through to and from Southampton. The project. ia approved of on all handB, with tho proviso that Mai- ? bourne bo first port of arrival nl'ier King. George'« Sound. Tho Olmuibor of Commerce have colled upon tho > ' Government to guarantee the entiro moiety of.the £205,000 subsidy if this bo oorried out. South Aus- tralia will of couvso object, but it is ti question whether - tho small pioportion of the expense homo by that oolony entitles it to tho amount of consideration olaimed by' ita ' inhabitants, it bus boon proposed tbut South Australia be relieved from all contribution on the condition, that 1 shb próvido for the conveyanoo of her mails to and from King George's Sound. The Peninsular and.Oriental bteam Navigation Company will be prepared to oommenes - the fortnightly servioe in June, if the Imperial Govern« > . s ment sánotiou the alteration. If this be refined; .tor . > existing monthly service will be brought te an end. im i ' May.»" Inspecting the working of the gold-fields dnring the post yearV the M. HeraW^yB -.-" The total quantity of Bold brought down by escort dnring the year 1859 was 2,202,013 oz., and during the same period 2,280,525 oz 14 dwts. were exported. Large ne is this amount, it shows a considerable falling off as compared with previous years. In 1858, 2,536,983 «unces were ex- ported . 1857, 2,729,655 ounces ; and m 1856, the year in whioh the quantity oi gold shipped was the greatest, 3.003,811 oi. 19 dwts. It will thus be seen thatas com- pared with 1857, our yield of gold has fallon off 728,286 ouncos, or nearly one-fourth. It is of no use shutting our eyes to these foots, but it would be very unfair to assume that the colony is therefore so much the leas prosperous. In the first place, although thei e has been aooiniiaratively small amount of immigration since 1857, the number of persons engaged in agricultural pursuits has increased enormously. Then we were dependent on the neighbouring colonies for our supply of oats, bay, potatoes, and flour. Now neorly all these articles of consumption are grown on our own territory." Another cause of the diminution in the yield of the gold-fields may be found in the fact that the number of diggers has fallen off. The Herald in its last mail summary states that there were then 82,476 miners in the colony, in oludini» about 26,000 Chinese-a smaller number than that of 1857. The value ot the gold raised in 1859 was in round numbers £9,100,000, which, says the Herald, "gives an average of£H3per manper annum to each of the 82,476 miners, a higher return for unskilled labourthan could be obtained in any part of the world." This average, it will be observed, is considerably higher than the amount estimated by the S. M. Herald's correspondent as the average in N. S, Wales. A BAU STORT.-" On Tuesday morning," says the Bendigo Advertiser, " the neighbourhood of Back Creek and Gravel Hill was thrown into A state of excitement by a rumour that the body of a woman had boen found in a puddler's dam, opposite the Gravel Hill tunnel. This was found to be too true. The body of a woman named Mary Brown, together with her infant, a child of eight or nine months old, were got out and removed to the Brian Bom Hotel, Bernal- street, where an inquest will be held on the body to-day. The unfortunate young woman came down some twelve months since from the * station of Mr. Jeffery, near Mr. Ganley'B, on the Loddon. f She was then enceinte, and having been confined, the putative father, we are told, gave her £200, with which she Btarted a refreshment tent, purchasing the business Íiremises at the corner of Hargrave and Mundy-streets or £80. This place soon became the resort of doubtful characters ; and subsequently sbo was summoned before the beuch on the charge of harbouring bad characters, and a fine of £20 (subsequently reduced to £5) was im- posed. Since then she has associated with bad company still more, and bas given way to habits of intemperance till the rash not of Monday evening. On that evening she was known to be suffering from delirium tremens, and lost seen going, as it was supposed from the direc- tion she took, towards the residenoe of an acquaintance at the Back Creek. Nothing more was seen of her until she was found in the water hole where she closed her short but sad career." 