TUESDAY, JANUARY 3, 1860. In a new and thinly-peopled country, remote from the capacious theatres in which modern history produces its grandest dramas and its greatest actors, the annals of a year are destitute of events which are either imposing in their character or majestic in their march. Hereafter they may become magnified in the eyes of posterity by the intervening mists of antiquity, and distance may lend grandeur as well as enchantment to the view. It is just pos- ible that Mr. FAWKNER'S disagreement with BATMAN may eventually possess the historical interest which now attaches to the quarrel of ROMULUS and REMUS, that tradition will assign to the turbid waters of the Yarra qualities equal to those of the fountain of Egeria, and that the raid of the Europeans upon the Chinese at the Buckland may be invested with the same romantic associations which surround the little " difficulty " of the Romans with the Sabines. In fact, if we were to strip the early history of every great nation, of ancient or modern times, of the poetical and picturesque embellishments which it has received at the hands of lying chroniclers, ima- ginative ballad-mongers, and artful rhap- sodists, the residue of naked fact would be very dull and very homely—in a word, lot materially different from our own mnals. The sources of the Amazon the Ganges are very insignificant objects per seipsos, but they will profoundly affect the mind of the traveller who views them in relation to the magnifi- cent rivers which they help respectively to feed; and in like manner the Little Peddlington politics of an in- fant settlement are studied and investigated with a patient interest a century afterwards, when that infant settlement has expanded into a populous and powerful empire. If it is well to remember occasionally, by way of re- buking our vanity and checking our self- sufficiency, that we are only small people, engaged in the transaction of small concerns, by the employment of small instruments, human and institu- tional, we may also avoid falling into the opposite error of depreciating our work and performing it carelessly, by the consideration that it will ultimately tend to large issues, and that the mightiest empires which the world ever saw passed through these rudimentary stages of existence, and laid the foundations of their power and prosperity upon meaner bases than our own, just as, in the physical world, the coral insect may be the architect of a continent. In taking a retrospective review of the year just ended, it is impossible not to be struck with the insignifi- cance of many of the occurrences which ocoupied for a moment a large share of public attention, and whioh havo since lapsed into utter obli- vion. But there are other inci- dents whioh possess a lasting interest, and some events which will necessarily exercise a durable influence upon the character of our political institutions and the fortunes of the colony. The year 1859 witnessed the dissolution of the first Parliament assembled under the Constitution Act, and the convoca- tion of another, augmented in numbers, and elected upon the broadest and most democratic basis-a Parliament illustrated by the eloquence of SINCLAIR, the stern integrity of MILNER STEPHEN, the erudition of a CARPENTER, the modest dignity of a HUNTER, and the wr.o self abnegation of a BABTON. An appoal to the country resulted in the ignomi^ nious overthrow of the O'SHANASSY" Administration, and in the rejeotion, in the first instance, of four members of the then Cabinet. The prorogation o " the late Assembly was preceded bjt Mr. HENRY MILLER'S memorable decla- ration, that the principle upon which he and his colleagues acted in thT distribution of official patronage was, that " oflices under Government shotuuV " be filled by the supporters of the " Government j" and it was followesl» by the frank avowal, on the part of Mr. IRELAND, of the policy of thjj. Ministry being that of bestowing party patronage for the protection and vindi- cation of " libelled races." One othoF indiscreet expression of opinion from a member of the same Cabinet may be ex- humed with advantage at the present moment when commercial embarrass- ments are aggravated by that restrictive, policy of the banks which has resulto i from their implication in the Railway Loan. We refer to Mr. O'SHANASSY'S boast at Sunbury, " thatif every oountry " closed its doors against us, we should " have enough capital amongst us to " construct our lines of railway." Re- cent circumstances offer a curious and instructive commentary upon tho sa- gacity of this remark. One thousand eight hundred and fifty-1 nine gave us a new Ministry as well as a new Assembly, and while the out-1 going Cabinet dimly shadowed forth a scheme for settling the Land question, which was never expected or intended to i be adopted, the succeeding Government | lost no time in preparing and promul- gating a measure which promises to be accepted as the least unsatisfactory solu- tion of the difficulty which has yet been suggested. Mr. DUFFY'S rap- ture with his colleague and com- patriot, the offer made to the ex Commissioner of Lands and Survey of seats for himself and a friend in the NICHOLSON Cabinet, and his modest demand for the inclusion of the whole of his following in the Administration, deserve to be mentioned among the po- litical memorabilia of the year ; to which must be added the unlamentcd demise of the Convention, the signal defeat of its founder in the contest for the repre- sentation of East Melbourne, and the collapse of Dr. EVANS'S reputation for' consistency as a politician. The past year has been unhappily fruitful in calamities. Painfully pro- minent among these was the wreok of the Admella, a disaster in some respects unique; for rarely has a protracted calamity of that kind been witnessed from day to day by spectators who could afford no succour j and rarely has such a deep and anxious sympathy been ox cited and sustained, by the agency of the electric telegraph, among a population so widely scattored as aro tho inhabitants of these \tthrcc colonies. Devastating bush-fires in South Australia and in Taomania occurred upon the eighth anniversary of Blaok Thursday, in- flicting ruin upon numbers of person« who were previously in a condition of comparative affluence, and destroying in a few hours the labour of years, the ao cumulations of past thrift, and the pro- mise of future abundance. In the same month of February, upwards of 40 houses wero consumed, and more than 260 persons rendered houseless, in North Melbourne, by a conflagration whioh waa as irresistible in its progress as it had been sudden in its outbreak. Turning to moro cheerful topics, there was the celebration of the BURNS' Cen- tenary in January last, followed by the ceremonious opening of the Melbourne and Murray River Railway na far as Sunbury, and the festivities accom- panying that event. Shortly afterwards Melbourne rejoiced in the safe return of its WHITTINGTON with no knightly adjunct to his name ; and the City Council immortalized itself by tho adoption of a resolution censuring HER MAJESTY for withholding the coveted I honour from the municipal repre- sentative. Fortunately for the peace of mind of our SOVEREIGN, the security of her crown, and the stability of her dynasty, that terrible document never reached the hands for whioh it was in« tended, and every loyal subject of Queen VICTORIA must rejoice to know that showassparedthohumiliationof areproof she must havo keenly felt, and that she may accomplish the term of her natural life unconscious of having provoked a censure whioh, if it had been indis- creetly communicated to her by Sir IIENRY BARKLY, might have shortened her days. ' Tho intelligence of the outbreak of a European war called forth a violent but fitful manifestation of public feeling in favour of immediately placing the colony in an adequate state of defence ; and the vast warlike preparations which every mail has acquainted us are making in Franco, combined with the suspicious movements of that Power ia the Paoifio, have strengthened the ge- neral conviction that a rupture between Franco and England is imminent, that | we arc liable to attack, and that we ought to bo prepared to repel it. Some- thing has been done in tfife way of or- ganising a volunteer rifle force, but, beyond this, it is uncertain whether our condition is less defenceless now than it was a twelvemonth ago. Popular feeling has also effervesced in a variety of other forms. There wore public meetings to prevent the importa- tion of Italian marble for the facade of the new Houses of Parliament; to form Tariff* Leagues, Leagues of Progress, and leagues of all kinds; combinations of artisans to keep up wages and keep out foreign competitors, and demonstrations of indignant Chinamen who had imbibed the^British antipathy to taxation, and expressed it in a truly British fashion. Telegraphic communication has boon established with Tasmania. Three thou- sand pounds (one-third of the amount being the munificent gift of an anony- mous donor) havo been subscribed for the exploration of the interior of this conti- nent; and a largo addition has beon made to the area of land under cultivation in this colony; and though trade lan- guishes, immigration has fallen off, and the yield of our gold-fields has di- minished, we are not inclined to look forward to the year upon which we have I just entered otherwise than hopefully, anticipating, as we do, the occurrence in a few months of that reaction which has always followed a period of depression or disaster. It is certainly much to be regretted that the Equity Bar of Victoria is not more adequately represented in the Vic- torian Parliament. We want no more lawyers in the House, but some ex- changes between the ins and the outs might be made with advantage. All, or nearly all, the barristers who have seats in the Assembly or Council have been bred to the practice of the Common Law. Occasionally, and for a valuable con- sideration, they condescend to walk out of their legitimate sphere of aotion, and to argue an important equity oaso upon oom mon law principles. Butthedepartnient of jurisprudence which cnohains their af- fections is naturally that whioh thoy havo studied. That branch of the science, concerning which they possess only the gleanings of information picked up at random, they can hardly be ex- pected to treat with much regard! Towards its regular professors they are apt to show little favour, if we may judge from the preference given to com- mon law in the Supreme Court of the colony. This preference has already boon carried so far as to justify avigorous oppo- sition, although the persons apparently most interested seem too callous or too lazy to interfere. Yet the ingenuity of equity draughtsmen must bo on the wane if it cannot detect grounds for a demurrer to any Bill whioh tends to perpetuate their state of humiliation such a Bill as that recently presented to Parliament for facilitating the business of the Supreme Court. The subject is worthy of the com- prehensive genius of Mr. IRELANÖ, who has undertaken to deal with it; and we arc not so ungracious as to deny that his present performance, if not very brilliant, inuoh excels a previous work which not long since we ventured to criticise. He proposes to divide the legal year into five terms instead of four, to inórense in like manner the number of sittings for the trial of causes, and at the same time £o add so Imany days to each sittings that the Judges will bo engaged with common law business for upwards of nine months in each year. Saturday, however, is to be converted into a whole holiday. With respect to causes, the Bill distinguishes between long and short. Long causes are defined as likely to occupy more than one hour in the trial j and short com- prise undofended causes, as well as thoso in the trial of which an hour only, or any less timo, is likely to be consumed. Mr. IRELAND designs to diminish the number of causes which may be entered for trial on any one day, and to prohibit more from being called on than thoso so entered, and also to appropriate a separate court to the long-oausÄlisfc. The ilrbt of these arrangements would bo very convenient for attorneys, who now ire sometimes at a loss to know when to summon their witnesses; andfor witnesses, who aro troubled by being compelled to ittend when their presence is not re- quired. The second would secure the 3arly and rapid clearance of actions, ¡vhere the disputed facts were few and the truth easily ascertained, or whore io defence could be set up ; and coun- sellors, who are not made of substance so ethereal that they can divide them- selves at pleasure, would be less dis- tracted than heretofore by the necessity of appearing in two places at once. It seems to us, however, that if these pro- visions aro adopted by the Legislature, the hearing of suits in equity will only be rendered more precarious and moro liable to postponement than it is already represented by the complaints of aggrieved suitors. One court will be exclusively devoted to a different kind of business. When the short causes dave been disposed of in the other, the sriminals of the country will of course take their turn j for, of all applioant3, ire thoy not first entitled to be served with justice ? Then, again, the appel- late jurisdiction of the court cannot bo Entirely neglected, nor the claims of dead men and insolvents by any moans ignored. What are absurdly called the :' ecclesiastical" functions of the judges ire light enough now, but will increase ¡vith the inorease of the population, and ¡vith the passing of the Divorce Act, ¡vhich looms in the distance. The ;auses whioh disgust wives and husbands ¡vith each othor operate, we should sup 30se, with as much potency in Victoria is in England ; and ¿he desire of mar- ried couples to be unyoked may prove to colonial lawyers a fertile source of jinoluincnt. Besides, as our readers ire aware, a new law of insolvonoy iwaits at this moment the consideration jf Parliament. If it be passed, as is probable, both practitioners and com- missioners, and even greater luminaries, must learn to understand and work it. With all our admiration for Sir WIL- LIAM STAWELL and his colleagues, wo doubt if they are well acquainted with the English law of bankruptcy ; and aa Mr. Commissioner NOEL will receive a vast accession of authority and import- ance, objections to his decisions will bo multiplied proportionately. Without counting, however, upon any embryo ' ots of Parliament, it is fair to say, ,hat the despatch of equity business is etarded by numerous impediments, hick Mr. IRELAND has suggested no cans of removing. Towards the end of the Bill, it is pro- vided that after the evidence has been taken in a suit, an issue shall be directed upon the requisition of any party for the trial of any " material " fact" before a jury. This is retro- grade legislation with a vengeance ! At a time when a jury-box has boon erected in every Vice-Chancellor's Court in London, the abominable system of directing issues from one side of our courts to the other is to be continued and extended in Victoria ; and what is moro, the judge is to be deprived of all control in the matter, and any party /permitted to stop the progress of a suit in which all the witnessps have been orally examined. This, with a trifling exception, is all that Mr. IRE- LAND has attempted for equity. But it is in what he has loft undone that his Bill is principally defective. He has missed a grand opportunity. Had Ji0 boldly proposed to establish a distiuof tribunal for the adjudication of all equitable matters, he would have' gained applause almost universal. Had he offered to bestow upon the Judgas when sitting in equity, the same power of obtaining the aid of juries which will be conferred upon their neighbour tho Chief Commissioner, and added a olausa to his Bill directing that the evidencu in a suit should be taken at the hear ing, he would have deserved thanks for bringing to the notice of the House twa very simple but very necessary improve ments. The Bill, however, is so framed that, if it were supplemented in these particulars, it would remain a patch work. In any case, a comprehensive measure for the reform of our judicial procedure cannot much longer be post poned. Tho annual meeting of the Victorian Jockey Club was hold last evolving, at tho Union Hotol but in conscquonoo of tho scanty attendance oÉ members it was adjourned for a week. Tho returns from tho South Australian Lands Titles Registration Office alluded to in " Nemo's" letter of yosterday aro for the months of October 1853-9. ' AVith respect to the deficiency in the book storo of tho National Model Training School alluded to in our issuo of yestorday, we aro re- quested to state that although at present " thora is an unoxplained deficiency as stated, there is no reason for belioving such deficiency to have been caused by any dishonesty." A telegram has been rocoived in town statin» that Dr. O'sullivan, the acting Police Magistrate at Benalla, has been lost in the bush. Tho police and blacks aro in search of tho missing; gentleman, but, we regret to odd, hitherto with- out success. 1 Shortly before 8 o'clook yestorday evening a Aro broko out in a tobacconist's shop, No. 22 Bourko-stroot cast. Some 40 cigar-boxes were damaged by firo and water, the flames being ex- tinguished before any great destruction of pro- perty could tako place. Wo have received a copy of tho January number of the Azistralian Medical Journal. The contents of this periodical aro too technical to demand criticism from thoa» " beyond the palo" of medical oxclusiveness; ani when wo find that tho recently published book on ono of tho initiated is sneered at in the pagos at the magazine, as containing nothing novol, the general public will readily understand tho reason, of our roticence. There is, however, a rather, spirited article in condemnation of the authority which the General Medical Council has ossumod, relative to negativing the project of the Boya! Collego of Physicians of Edinburgh to grant, during a certain period, licenses, without demand- ing tho personal attendance of candidatos. The writer considers the veto of tho General Gounoil to mean virtually that " a large majority of the medical profession havo boon logally liconsed t» practise without adequate qualification, and cray attempt to mako it appear othorwiso, suoh as vrai recently made by tho Boyal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh, is an enormous deception, whioh we, as guardians of the general woal, must ox« pose." A correspondent, writing from Longwood, supplies us with the following information re- specting a destructive fire which occurred there on Thursday :-"A fire took place here on the morning of Thursday last, the particulars of which I only learned on my arrival here to-day. The destruction of property caused by this con- flagration is without parallel on the Beechworth line of road, and I regret to say that the damage will fall heavily on Mr, Hugh Middlemass, the landlord of the Longwood Hotel. It was about 2 o'clock in the morning when the fire was first discovered. At that time one of the grooms, whe slept in a building adjoining the stables, got out of bed, and was rendered almost insensible by a strong suffocating smell of smoke. He in- stantly raised an alarm. Immediately after- wards the whole of the stables belong- ing to the hotel were in a blase. These stables were of very considerable length ; they were built only a few years ago, entirely of brick, at great expense, and in the loft, which ran along the entire of the building, there was an immense quantity of hay. There were seven horses in the stalls- four belonging to Messrs. Watson and Hewett, the coach proprietor, who run the mail between Melbourne and Beech- worth, and three belonging to Mr. Middlemass. The fire raged with considerable violence, and though every effort was made to suppress it, yet it altogether baffled the attempts made by those of the inhabitants who kindly ren- dered their assistance on the occasion. It was late in the day before the smoulder- ing ruins ceased to emit a dense smoke. The whole of the stables wore consumed, so also were the seven horses, together with the hay, harness, and, in short, all the other property on the premises. The loss is estimated at between £1,500 and £2,000. The building, it is said, was uninsured. How the fire originated is not known, but it is believed to have been wholly accidental. Most probably it was caused by the carelessness of the ostlers, who, whilst stabling the horses which had arrived with the coach from Avonel about 11 o'clock on Thursday night, may have allowed a spark to fall amongst the hay. This, however, is more conjecture, and the exact origin of the conflagration will probably never be ascer- tained." Wo take tho following from the columns of our Geelong contemporary t-" Oheese- pnring in th» provinces and extravaganco in the metropolis being the favourite policy of all Governmont«, the extinction of tho ofllco of District Surgeon in Geelong need not excito surprise. The Chief Medical Officer in Melbourne is now the ' hoad.' of a department which has no * body.' The caro of immigrants stricken by disease, the sur- veillance of tho sanitary condition of our gaols, the management of the lunatics incarcerated Uko f olons, are now done by contract-not sa muck per head, but so much by tho lump. Dr. Callan'« official duties terminated on Saturday. Tai following is the communication which convoyo» to him the final decision of the Governmont ! " ' Chief Secretary's Ofiioe, November 28,1859. " * Sir,-In roferonoo to your letter dated the 10th inst., respocting the proposed abolition of the office of District Surgeon at Goolong, lau»' directed to inform you that the Chief Médical Officer having reported that, in conqequonco of contemplated alterations in the Modical depart- ment ot Geelong, a resident surgeon will not D9 requirod, tho Chiof Socrotary eonsidors that hi» predecessor's decision must bo adhered to. I am nt the samo time to intimate that Mr. Nicholson is of opinion that all Government officers wh» may ha\o lost their offices through reductions or alterations in the service, and not through any fault of their own, have a preferential claim for employment when suitable opportunities occur. " ' I havo, &c.; " ' J. MOORE.' Tho successful tonderer for tho porformane of duties hitherto discharged by Dr. Callan as District Surgeon is Dr. C. T. Mackin, a gentle- man, we believe, every way fitted for their effi- cient performance." The Geelong Advertiser of yesterday contains the following description of the new building erected for the local Chamber of Commerce :— "The Geelong Chamber of Commerce is now finished. The unsightly boarding which had for so long a time blocked up the entrance has been removed, and replaced by a pair of massive cast- iron gates, adding both to the beauty of the front and the security of the building. The gates are placed inside an ornamental border, composed of scroll-work in panels. The lower panel represents a battle-axe and bundle of reeds surrounded foliage, the upper panels, up to the springing of the arch, being scroll foliage entwining a trident. The border round the arch is sup- ported at each side at the springing by a mer- maid holding up a shell, from which water is represented to be flowing, the border terminating by two mermaids holding a ship's helm. The gates are panelled, the bottom panel being of scroll-work, in the centre of which is a grotesque head. The principal panel is composed of spears, surrounded by highly ornamented scroll- work, terminating on one side by an emeu, and on the other by a kangaroo supporting a shield. These gates were part of the original design for the building (drawings of which were forwarded to England), and were executed by Messrs. Calvert and Co., of York. Nothing now remains but to flag the path in front, and then the Geelong Chamber of Commerce will be a credit to its architect and to the town." 