LATEST FBOU VIOTOBIA. We clip tho following interesting Items of Intelligence from tbe Melbeutne Argus of the 6th liiBUm: — The vatims volunteer corps of Melboaror and the vicinity, and which will probably include thoes of GeolonR and Qtierasclifl, wilh the nowlf formed mounted rid«« at B.oahut Marsh, will bo reviews! by His Excellency thi Governor on Fiidjy, the 23id of Novembrr lhu annivoisary of the proclamation of thi1 now Constitution. It le ««pocled, that inclu ding the rifles, foot and mounted, the artillery naval volunteers, and cavalry, there will b- not lar short of 2,6000 men on the ground, il there Is anything like a goai attendance on the part of those enrolled. The review, it is understood, will take pltoe op the Emerald Hill parade-ground, north-east of the Sandridgt battery, Iu the New Court-licuse, before Justice I'oUlman and a special juiy of twelve, the trial of an action of tnuoh interest to commer cial moo— that of Macgrogor -r Dowuie and aootliei, wu» commenced yesterday, and ad vanced |o the completion of tbe pluinlift.e cake. Tho aotion Is brought to i cooler about £2,700, which plainiilf says h' lust by non-perfot. manoe of a contract (nude by the defendants to Utio 360 tons of pouioc*, to be deliveicd one third at three weeks, otio-thiid at four weeks, and oiK-.ihird ut se?en uceki, after 4Ui Jnnu 1850, *l i.'J 103 , £10, »iid £11 ppi ton. Atutr the contract the market foil. Among tha questions raised by counsel for the defendant, two relating to Ibe negotiation of contracts by telegraphic messages and posted letters concurrently aro interesting. As to the first, it la contended that a contract, which under the Statute of Frauds matt be Id writing, cannot any part of it be made by telegram, because what is traosraitud is pot written— literally, because they don't *snd (be paper containing tbe written message along the Wires. Whst is sent Is only the verbal tr»nsb-- (ion by the clerks of what Is written by the parlies, aa when ft messenger Is sent with a wrilteD message, which he ooly refers to for refreshing his own memory, but does not pro duoe to the person to whom be brings verbal communication of the message sent. Tbe other point ia the old one, first made famous in the case of Boydell -/. Orunmond, con cerning a subscription to the Bovdell adition of Shakapeare, and now renewed under new circumatanoes that would seem to reader the law hardar in practice now tban when it was first laid down by the judges. The rule declared in that case was, that when It is endeavoured to pvovo a contract by aweral writings, only snob wrJUngs as ' bear an ob vious connection inter te in sense' can be re torted to ; and writings which are so consectod ' cannot be joined together by verbal evidence to make up the agreement.' If the tele graphic messages id this case are held to be only verbal, they are not proper links to con nect letters not connected inlor se by refer ences (rom one to tbe other. In consequence of the soldiers of tbo 40th, who arrived here by the Besulc, being snfiuient in number, together with the mm of the regiment who woio in Melbourne awaitiDp their ooming, to perform garrisoD duty in this ci'y, the volunteers will be relieved in future fr-jm the necessity of mouoilug guard, iiy the time Tht, Argus is in the haude of our readers this morning, our citiien soldiers will have handed orer to their comrades of (he Hie the various posts which have been en trusted tj their care during tha past five or six months, for that is the length uf time during which they so willingly and ualously under took, aod Klibh enabled the autboiitiat to set fres, at a time when they were much required, a strong force of Her Majesty's troops for active air vice ia sw.thrr onfouy. Too much praise osnnot be awarded those who, without a oiurmer, have in many instances subjected themselves to much personal inconvenience, for tbe sole object of manifesting their patriot Urn and loyalty. Tho thanks of tbo Governor are conveyed to tbe Volunteer in a general Older printed in this day's issue. In the Old Cou t yesterday, before his llonir Mr Justice M.ileswonh, a verdict of £51) was found a/fjimt two magistrates of Donnybrook, noar Kilmore, for the false im prisonment uf a man ntmed Duncan Hender sdd. The defendants were gentlemen of the name of Wiieon, and the plaintiff was a small farmer in the neighbourhood. The plaintiffs son, whose name was Donald Hen derson, rented a farm within the piiadictioD of tha defendants ; and the farm being covered witn thistles, ho was summoned be fore tha defendant*), and a fine imposed under the ' Tbistlo Act.' The fins not being re. coverable, a warrant for bis apprehension was issued ; but in conceqacnce of its being only directed to ' D. Henderson,' tho officer who exnented It anoBted the father, who wu ac cordingly Incarcerated for 45 hours, for which tbe jury returned a verdict of £50 againbt the atanisUiitcs. The drum and fife band of tho Carlton Company of Volunteer Rfles came oat on Saturday, for the first time, UDder tbe mas'er (.hip of Mr William Cleary, and played some very pretty marches, among which waa one composed by him for the company, called the 11 Cailton Volunteer Bifle March.' We doubt not many will be gl.id to too them out every parade day. A writer in the Mount Alexander Mail of yesterday, who signs himtelf ' J. G. Moon,' and dates from Strangways Uotel, near the Yandoit,girei hit recent experience* of ftunkte as follows : — ' [laving read ij Tho Argus) «nd other Melbourne papers, accounts of the vast numbers of snakes at present being found all over the country, I wish to confirm, in some measure, these statements, by what I have myself met with these last lew days. In a walk from Campbell's Greek to Caiiebro -!i and back to this place, I have fal'en in with no lees than nine of those dangerous rrptiles, some alive, and some but just killed. Yesterday afternoon, a man belonging to (his hotel bronchi in one which etkctly meieured five feet, and aqother nun told me that in ploughing a email pad dock close to the house he turned up five. Almost everybody you meet on tho roads and bush will give you aoaie account of tuaku* they have oitlier seen or destroyed. I most certainly agree with The Argus, that a reward should bo ollercd for their destruction, as I believe them to !» evidently on the increase; and thu way i account for 'it ie, that the land getting daily under more cultivation, and r 'lids cutting through the bush in every direction, preveats thu largo bush-fires which used formerly to lage tliraagh the country, and doubtless destroy thousands of those reptiles, which cow esoap«. Buicly, if a penny per head is bad iu England for iho ilejliuctiuu of a poor little ci-k-spanow, liull.a crown might well bo paid hire for the head of one of these deadly creature*. ' The Coppin Challenge Cup Committee me' yesterday, at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, to decide upon the number tho Collingvrood Club are to bring agninft Richmond un Silurday next. Tbe Collingwood Club submitted a lifci ot names, and claimed to play 6fteen out of that number. The proposition was allowed by the committee, and fifteen will be selected from llio following Km, :— Messrs Itow.flU-warl, M'Uasg, Tempteton, H»ndfield, Penaton, Smart, Glen, Fiddes, Waugh, J Finlay, U Finlar, Oarlyle, D'Arcy, Beaumont, Eldiidge, and Matheson, Payable gold has been found by one of tbe parties— that headed by a man named Andrew* —employed by I bo Casticinaiue Prof pi-cling AsiocUliou. The locality is 8 milot from Cantlemuine, three miles from Muckelfotd and one mile from the villtgo of Watford. TIm ln»pijcU-r io hlsrapoit of the association describe* the ground aud the prospect as follows:— A eucctstlan of deposit hills, which take tlu.it rite on the left of the main road through Muckieford to the western cold fields, attain a gradual election of some 50 or 00 feet from the road, aud Andrews hat sunk a number of (lules on Ilioir southern Mope, from all of which he obtained coaise gobl, allhnugh il was only in the two last but. tumuisd that ha considered tt to bo leniune lative in quantity. The sinking areragid 16 nr 16 (e»t in depth, thiough layers of cement and pebbly qutiitr, on to a soft bluish bUic, in which the gold Is nrincijully found. 1 ia«pei;tcd tho underground woikiiige, slid seeded a trial tub uf diit. taken indiar c'iunuately from a drive conu«dlug ib tvo boles /aloog a gentle dip), whiuh washed in my {jreaeaoe, yielded about ljdwt of gold. A little gold can ba obtained in any direction, but (t Mtma aa If the payable por. lion was confined to the dip rnooing parallel to the base of the failL The gold obtained ia mostly of» blackish colour, ooarsaand wster wom, end water for waeblpg pnrposes can b« ubulned leadUy from the Ub Mia Creek, (b; tiukiog bslng pwftoU/ Hi. Andtews au4 party are iwisfied they have found p»yabj» ground, and bars requested me to tak» in* neoessary turn to aecoia them a prospecting « Mm. Nothing but a ruth can doUnnln. the extent rr the value of Ibis locality as a Kold.fkld. It u poetlble that Andrews may hevo cliannd on the richest ground, though 1 think it moro likely that the neighbourhood ia of a patchy character, and that many licit claims will some day be found ; but it rosy ba expected, concluding by past experience, in the event of a large number being taken op, (bare will be amongst them tbe nanal number at ' ahiosra' and disappointments. Then it M doubt tha conntry Is generally aurlferow, though I am Dot prepared from present In formation Ui recommend a flight to the place. Should any important change in the yield or character of Andrews' claim occw, I KuU lm: mediately give ft publicity. Colonel Fitt has arrenged (hat the Bifli Hatch in connexion with Ibe Caledonia* Festival shall take place on tie 27tb, 88th, and 29th instant, at thaSandiidge Botta. Tha entries are to be trade at the Volunteer omoa on or before tbe 24th instant. Tbe distances will be 200, 400, and 600 yards. Tbe methofj of competition can be learned at the Volunteer office. The trial la to be open to all comers, whether riflamen or not ; and we understand that Colonel Pitt will supply rifle* and amunW tion to such as tequire them. A handsome testimonial wag presented to hie Worship the Mayor a few days nine* at Kyneton, in the shape of a silver claret jog xnd plate, of tbe value of nearly £100. Tba workmanship of the jug is of a very snperior description. The presentation was of a private nature. At the Victoria Tnrf Snbacrip'ionroom Us* evening several horses were vigorously sup ported for the Grand Tuif Club Handicap. Wildralce was made first favourite at $ to 1 (taken); Flying Colours, at 4 to 1 (taken); hhn Mnnr win hur.keri it 8 to 1 ! Pbosbe and Oaffer Grey, each at 10 to 1. Bob was tha only one mentioned, amongst the outsiders, and his price was 20 to 1, bis owner being bit principal bicker. Flatcatcber stands nominally at 4 to I, bnt was not backed, the recent iff weather having made the coarse rather harder than the old grey horse would wish it. Partisan and Othello were friendli-w. Traaby wai backed in the eaily part of the day at about 8 to 1, bnt his backers were soun satisfied. Nothing was done upon tbe Victoria Stake), but tbe Colonel and Dauntless remain tha favourites. Several bels were laid upon the Turf Clnb Handicap between Hr Duppa's lot and those trained by Mr Coleman, ibe former Uaving off rather the best favourites. &-rera) horses have been backed during the last law days for the Two Thousand Guineas SUkas, to be run in tbe spring of 1861. The following are the selected :— Caniden, 6eeundus, Eagtehawk, Goshawk. Medora, Palestine, and Eagle's Plnme. h will be noticed that all (except Camden) are now two years old. We yesterday had an opportunity of inspect ing the uniforms that arebelne; made at Mesars Lush's for tbe hand of the Volunteer Rifles. The uniform consists of blue trousers and coat. I he colour being of that shade called cobalt. The trousers have down the sides a piece ef bhek braid, abont an inch and a quarter broad, and down (he middle of it, tcarlet piping. The collar and cuffi of the coat are Bsarlet, orna mented with black braid, richly embroidered, aud tbwe are five frogs across the front of the coat. A blue cloth cap, with scarlet band and black braid will complete tbe eostpne, which ii altogether very handsome and becoming. The band dressed in tbe their new uniform, will play (or ihs Bwt time in public on the occasion of His KxoeUenay'a lawn party at Toorak, on Friday. Waygunysh Water Snpply.— Mr Foord and other enterprising gentlemen of his own cloth uve taken tbe initiative io projecting schemes far bringing water from Lake Moademere and from tbe Hurray Biver on to tbe Wahgnnyah diggings. The first project from Moodemere, which it partly oo private property, ia asU mated to cost 6,0001, for a distance of about two miles and a half. From the Murray, a distance of about five miles, tbe estimated east is 8,0001; there is also a project for construct ing a tramway to convey the waah dirt to Lake Moidomere, but we tee no chance of aucoeai, at least, for the latter project, nor. indeed U it at all oertain yet that either scheme will be supported by the miner*. To secure tbeh support It will be necessary to show them thai they cannot get water easier or cheaper.— Hurray Advertiser, Oatober 27. Tbe Londonderry BBsh.— We are sorry to say that since oar last issue tbe mining opera, tiensat this place have not been progressing in a faToorabWi manner. Our Tuesday's W* reoorded ihit Wires holes on eaoh side of the prospecting claim had struck gold, and that there had also been bottomed eome nnmbeia of duffers. Since then almott nothing tat duffers have been bottomed. Hole alter hole has been given up aB a blank, and from the present appoaranocs it seems but too evident that the auriferous ground developed by the prospectors and their immediaKi neighbours u merely a patch, or a lead of very small extent. E«n the golden claims are not keeping op to the prospects first obtained from them, and at piesent matters are In a very gloomy state indeed. A largo number of men are still arriving, and probably about as many leaving. Considering the large number of men on the ground, it is a matter of geneial remiik how lew aro actually at woik. Some Chinamen are etetdilv and peweveringlr sinking in vanooi part* o» Ibe locality, and it U generally ex, [eotel that they wiU strike something before long; but the great majority of the digger* are cither sheep-herding or wanduring about. -Mount Ararat Advertiser, Oct. 26. A Cake fihop— Too window of the Oriental Bank at View Point, on Saturday, not in aptly resembled a cakeahop (ouly done in a more valuable material). Hem a crusty look ing eako (of cold), weighing 431 ™, flanked hy smaller caki-i, or mote properly, 'buns,' weighing each from 80 ox or 90 oz down to 6 or 9 ob ; near these are smaller goods, tops and bottoms (of leefr) in ragged 5 ob or Bob bits ; then a aeries of smelted bricks, varying; from thefiM of a flat iron to a domioo, and in weight from 90 iz to 3 or 4--z. Theiough Mtima'B of the amount was wan abont 2800 e« or in money vali« about *9,4S5 without in cluding a number ot apecimiiiis, which would probally realise a lew hundred pounds. ThU amount of coveutile wealth is only protected by a pane of glast, and a slight wire net (more for protection of the window than to prevent ? robbery), and no policeman or any one to guard and protect it ; and yet, though this has been the practise for y«-a«, we never heard of an attempt being matte on apy of these oe pokitories of wealth.— Beudhuret Bee- . How they Make Coffee in tbe Ouloile*.— On Saturday last, a trail keown meicantito home in Sandhurst, amongst other *»»'«** frcm their Melbourne oonesprnient, rf'17** the following :-' In consequent of the oof fee roastois having bought up all the split peas in the matket, they have advanced coo* .Merably in price ' S» that In future a enper ootoo may be considered synonymous with a n«sin of pea soup, or some dutinguiahing mars: pliced on tho cofloeto indicate its genuine ness, in the way that Undon rabbits bad the fora feet left with the skiuand hair on lofb°»' tluywereno of the feline race. — BenfligO' Advertiser, ,, 