CRICKET. The noto of preparation is now busily sounding | on tho Molbourno Cricket- ground. The staplo < f tho Grand Stand is already up, and only waits the fringo to makes it bear a vory handsome ap- pearance. It has been built in a crescentio form, ! so that an oxcellont viow of tho game will bo ob. I tained from all portions. About 1,200 persons [ can bo accommodated in tho present structure, to which an addition capablo of holding 500 more ; ia about being made. Tho prices of admission are-to the first-class portion, 12s. Gd. for the three days j to tho second, 7s. 6d. ; and to the ¡ third, 2s. Gd. ; so that tho pockets of all will be suited. These chargos do not include entrance to the ground, the price of whioh ¡s Is. per diem, or 2s. 6d. for the three days. In the I centre of the Grand Stand a box for His Excel- | lency tho Governor and suite has bcon erected, which commands an uninterrupted view of tho ?whole ground. Sir Henry Barkly has signified his intention of being prcsont at the match. Pro- vision for the comfort of ladies has not been omitted, for at each end of tho Stand retiring rooms have boen fitted up. Tho successful con- tractor for the Grand Stand, Mr. Williams, de- serves congratulation upon the perfect manner in ?which ho has mndo his arrangements. Of the safoty of the building there can ho no doubt, as it has been constructed to bear, without giving way in tho least, fully threo I times tho weight that will be upon it, ovon if | quite filled. On Saturday it was largely patron- ised by tho public, who seemed thoroughly, to ( njoy the advantage in point of sight thoy had | over less elevated spectators. On tho opposito side of tho ground a spaco has been reserved by the Committee, in which the band of tho 40th will play. The entranco to this will be half-a crowu, or Es. for the threo days. This chargo in- cludes entrance to tho ground. A number of chairs and seats will. ho placed in this en- closure, which is intonded for a ladies' pro- menade, and somewhere in tho centre thora will bo a fruit and ice tent. Closo to the railway entronco Mr, Hooper has his booth, and, extond- I ing at considerable length along tho south side of the ground flutters tho extensive canvas of | Messis. Spiors and Pond, who will here oator both.solids and liquids for a hungering and thirst- ing 'public. These entorprising restaurateurs havo also another place, closo to the old ontranca to tho ground, which at presentís not of tho mo3t j Xireposaessing appearing, boing constructed of gal- vanised iron, and of vory humble elevation. Colioo and flags, however, can bo made to oovor a mul- titude of sins,' and decoration, wo understand, will not ho spared. Between the Gafó do Paris arrangement and the Reservo, Mr. Elliott, the bowler, and landlord of tho «oyal Hotel, Rich mond, has set up his tabernacle, and au ex- tremely neat tabernacle it is. The Pavilion, tho only portion of tho ground reserved by tha Melbourno Club, will bo kept closed to nil but members of the Club who have paid their subscriptions. Thoy are all expootod ¿3 bo provided with cards of member- ship, otherwise admission will bo refusod. On the right of the Pavilion, Host Nunn rogalo3 tho rival Elevens, and about 20 gentlemen besides, who aro to be invited by the Committee. Amongst the expected guests aro-His Excel- lency and suite, Major-General Pratt and Aide-de- camp, Captain Seymour, and Commander Nor- man, Lieut.-Col. Leslie, the hon. tho Chief Secretary, the lion, the Speaker, Sir Wm. Stawell, Mr. O'shanassy, the Attorney-General, &c.; Below Nunn's, and closo to the Grand Stand (well shaded by the neighbouring trees), our old cricketing friend Bryant has his place of business. Tho Syduoy Eleven aro to bo provided-with a tent between Bryant's and Nunn^s, while the Vic- torians disport themselves in the reserve, basking in the sunny smiles of such ladies asprefer pro- menading to sitting in the Stand. Tlio scorors' plnco will in all probability be on the south sido of the play, some 30 or 40 yards in front of Spiers and Pond s large pavilion, in a corner of which the cards of the match «ill be struck off. It has not beon definitively settled where the Sports Oora ] mitteo aro to havo their tent. All carriages i must enter from the Richmond-road gato,- at ' which a person will bo stationed. ! Such aro tho grand arrangements made by the Committee, which wo think only require well ' carrying out to make the match not onlysolf supporting, .but also to pay off the liabilities of last year, and nlaco a largo sum to tho credit of noxt season's trip to Sydnoy. Tho Intercolonial Cricket Committee holds it's final meeting previous to the match at Elliott's Royal Hotel on Tuesday evening. On Saturday, after the stumps had been drawn, an extempore meeting was held outside tho M.c.C. Pavilion, Mr. T. F. Hamilton in the chair, at which it was unanimously agreed that as many Victorian cricketers as possible | should meet the Sydney cricketers this morning, at the Sandridge Railway Pier. The City of Sydney, which bears our "northern foes," is expected to arrive about 9 o'clock. To-day and to-morrow the Victorian Eleven, which are at last decided upon, " and will not ho changed except through illness or accident," play a selected 14, on the Richmond ground. The Eleven, as handed into us last evening by the Match Committee are:-J. M. Bryant, A. Burchett, G. Elliott, W. Hammersley, John Huddle- stone, G. Marshall, T. Morres, J. B. Thompson, J. Thornton, T.W.Wills, and T. F. Wray; umpire, Mr. Charles Cameron ; scorer, Mr. Charles Hipwell. Tho fourteen they play against are :-Brodie, Nicholls, Gillow, Barniby, G. Costick, Bruce, Ross, Kerchevall, W. Elliott, Butterworth, Robinson, Boak, T. Huddlestone, and J. Patterson. A good wicket, we under- stand, is being prepared. It is just possible that the injury Elliott has again received to a finger of his right hand will incapacitate him from batting, in which case, we are informed, he will not play in the grand match. The uniform of the Victorian Eleven is light blue and white flannels, as before ; and Mr. Elms, of Elizabeth-street, has been appointed tailor to the forces. We find that the Sydney men also wear blue. It is to be hoped the shade will be a dark one, if not, perhaps our players might find the fashionable mauve no inelegant substitute, and it would surely find favour in the eyes of Victorian ladies. The silver cup placed by Messrs. Brush and M'Donnell in the bands of the Melbourno Cricket Club it has been determined to give to tho highest scorer on the winning side in the ensuing match. In case the second innings is not playod out, the player who obtains the greatest number of runs in tho first innings will bo presented with the testimonial, which is really very handsome, and boars, in frosted silver, round the centre a well-executed representation of a cricket-field. Mr. Coppin, wo aro informed, purposes present- ing to each of the victorious Eleven a gold pin, emblematic of the noblo game. One of those was shown on tho ground on Saturday, and although rather largo for common wear, is both neat in design and manufacture. A sot of wiokots and a bat cross each other, and a cricket ball lies in the upper anglo formed by the intersection. Tho same gentleman, too, has promised a cup to tho highest scoror on tho losing side. Other testimonials have boon spoken of, one of which wo might, perhaps, suggest should be given to tho btiHlor who gets the largest number of .«tckots, with the least cost to tho saore. Successful batsmen always got plenty of Kudos, hut the_bowlors, who in the long run havo the hardest "work, generally receive credit from a select, fow¡ their efforts being unapprociatod by the majority of spectators. The Emerald Hill ' ground, where the Sydnoy Eleven havo been in- vited to practise, is in beautiful order. A more than ordinarily good portion of it has been re- served for thoir recreation. TboBo gentlemen who purpose meeting the New South Wales Eleven need not bo detorred from thoir purpose if the City of Sydney should happon to arrive in the night, as it is moro than ! ' probable than our visitors will sleep on board, VICTORIAN ELEVEN V. SIXTEEN OF > OOUNTÏ^OF BOURKE. This match, commenced on Friday afternoon* was resumed on Saturday. Mr. Wills captained tho ,Elovon, and Mr. Gillow, of tho Kichmond Club, tlie Sixteen. Tho toss was won by the latter, who did not display tho best judgment in putting; tho Elovcn in. The disposition of the field, too, might have been materially improved ; but in- experienced commanders are always excusable in these littlo matters. Elliott and Marshall wore tho first to show. The former got an ugly crack on his damaged finger from Bruce, and re- tired in favour of Burchett. Marshall almost immediately gave place to Hamilton, having given a chance behind the wicket, whioE was vory cleverly takon by Brown. Tho two up-country players stayed in for somo timo, and scored steadily, although leaving a good numbor of loose ones unpunished. Hamil I ton having been caught, was replaced by Bryant, who, after making 9 (amongst them a good leg hit for 3), gave Brodie a chance. Wills and Burchett now became companions, .and kopt the scorers busy until tho latter committed au orror of judgment, and was runout. Huddleston^ had a short life, having given a catch to Thornton. Hammersley was equally short-lived, an easy ball from Gillow finding its way to his stumps. Boss now joined Wills, who wi_ getting runs both , fast and well. Changos in the bowling had no effect for somo time, Boss was missed once, and finally, after making 12, was bowled by a grubber. Willa had previously lost the run of a Ieg ' shooter. His score was 29. Morrea and But- terworth did nothing to improve tho score. Elliott, the lost man, resumed his place with the bat in his left hand. This he managed to cany out, ohiefly through the good-nature of the bowlers. The.innings, with sundries, closed for 09, und some money was lost over the odd run, w Inch would have made the total 100. For tho County of Bourko, 25 wore scored bo fore the umpires called timo. None of the bat- ting calls for comment, except the steady stopping of Brodie, who, if he had a little more freedom, would make a good bat. Burchottmade a rattlim* catch at point, .which brought him a round or applnuso. Stewart and Kidson carried their hats out for G and 2 respectively. On Saturday, J. B. Thompson, in the nbsonoo of Stewart, joined Kidson, and led off with a leg hil fruin Elliott for 4, which was not well fielded by Huddlcstono. Kidson paid Wills a similar com- pliment the next ovor, and was immediately afterwards bowled for presuming to hit "the captain" about. Wardell joined Thompson, who, after scoring a couplo to log from Bryant, was bowled by him with a "break-back." His companion played steadily until driven into his wickot by tho same bowler. Jacomb and Gillosv were soon put out of {ho way, and Thornton came to tho rescue. His 11 were well obtained ; and to this good innings may in all probability bo attributed the fact or his again finding a placo in the Victorian Elevon. Mr. Butterworth is undoubtedly the neater backstop, andean cover moro ground; buthisbatting is as undoubtedly in- ferior to that of his rival. Nicholls was run out after scoring 5; Bruco gavo the backstop a chance, and M'Harg could not stand.up to Bryant. Coslick alone did any service to the State, having slashed away until ho had no com- panion, and was compelled reluctantly to retire. The innings closed for 80, tho Eleven being thus in a majority of 13. Tho first hvo wickets of tho Eleven went down with great rapidity. Qillow was the great engine of destruction. Ross, who was missed either threo or four times (twice hy tho samo scout), made some good hits, and thereby made up for Lis very shy fielding. Marshall, too, kept the 16 ulive, and looked dangerously in whon M'Harg found a weak place. Morrcs w as in about 10 minutes, during which time ho rattled off 7. Ono off drive was worth a long walk to seo. The stumps woro drawn shortly after 7, the score than standing at 85. The match, which attracted an immense numberof spectators, will not bo oou -cludcd. The foÄiing is the score and analysis of bowling : THE BLBVK.S-. Marshall, oBrown, bCostlck 0 b M'Harg .. li T3urchott, runout .. ..20 b Gillow ..* 0 Hamilton, o Conway, b Stewart.8 lbw, GHIow .. 6 Bryant, c Brodie, b Stewart ' 0 o Jacomb, b Oil low .. .. 2 Wills, b Costi.-k .. ..29 c Wray,bGillow 5 Iluddlcstono, e Thornton, bSto-.sart.2 runout .. .. 8 Haminorsloy, b Qillow .. 8 1 b w. Stewart .. 0 liosa, bGloû.12 not ¿ut .. .. 89 Morrea, o Nicholls, b Ooatlok.0 not out .. .. 7 Butterworth,b Glen ..0 .Elliott, not out .... 0 Byos, 8; log-byes, 2; Byesâ3;log-byos, wldcs, 0 .. ..10 8;wldea,18.. 19 00 85 SIXTBBN OODHTV OP BOTJIIKB. Conway, o Bryant, b Elliott ., .. 4 Olon, o Hammersley, b Willa .. .. 7 Hroilto, b Willa . 8 Wray, 1) Willa. 8 F tow art, o Hammersley, b Willa .. .. 0 Brown, o Burchett, b Willa .. .. 0 Kidson, b Wills . 0 J. B. Thompson, b Bryant. 0 Wardoll, hit wlokot, h Bryant .. .. 11 ' Jacomb, o Burchett, b Bryant .. .. 1 Gillow, run out . 0 Thornton, run out .. . 11 nicholls, run out . 6 Bruco, o Butterworth, b Bryant .. .. 3 M'Harg, b Bryant. 0 S. Oostlok, not out. 11 Byos, i; log-byea, 3; wldos,l .. ., 8 Analysis of Bowling.-County Bourke: Elliott howled 60 balls, 16 runs, 1 maiden, 1 wicket; Wills bowled 130 balls, 45 runs, 7 maidens, 0 wickets ; Bryant bowled 72 balls, 10 runs, 4 maidens, 5 wicket«. Victorian Eleven :-Costick, 2 wides, 108 balls, 17 runs, 9 maidens, 3 wickets : Bruce bowled 4 J balls, 5 inaidenB, 4 runs; Stewart bowled 4 widos, GO balls, 26 runs, 3 maidens, 3 wiokots ; Conway bowled 30 balls, and 10 runs ; GilloT bowled 45 balls. 19 runs, 2 maidens, 2 wicket) ; Glen howled 36 balls, 6 runs, 2 maidens, 1 wiokot. ' PRESS CRICKET CLUB V. EMERALD HILL CRICKET CLUB. > A vory well-contested game was playod on Saturday afternoon betweon the abovo clubs, which wore rondercd more equally matohod owing to the absence of several of tho Hill cracks, who had gone over to the metropolitan ground to take part in, or witness, tho matoh hetweon tho Victorian Eleven and 16 of the County of Bourko. The ground, we need hardly say, was in oxcellent condition, and playod truly throughout. # The pretty littlo pavilion erected at tho beginning of tho season, was well attended and tho internal arrangements for the comfort z. id convenience of mombers were highly ap- proved of by the visitors. Some slight unplea- santness occurred during tho afternoon, owing to Braiding, one of the Press Eleven, having left his ground through a belief that ho had boen given out by tho umpire. Hopkinson at once took nd\antago of the mistake, and knocked the bails off. Braiding was accordingly, by the rules of the gamo, compelled to retiro " run out." Tho littlo feeling manifested, in consequence of ?«hat was thought rathor sharp practice, sub- sided as the afternoon wore on, and the hones of the Caxtonites brightened. The batting of Mooro, Barrass, H. Hall, and Daish, for the E. H. C. was of a very' decided character, and íoquired a littlo dodging to suppress. For the Press, Churchman, who was run out by J B. Thompson, W. Thompson, and May did most execution. The latter, after being in at least an hour and a-half, carried his bat out. The field- ing towards the close was very loose, nor had the Press much to boast of in tins department. Two . lino catches were mado by W. and J. B Thomo .v?nfIÜ5¡!°ÍÍ«ek'_ n1!0 eamn' w¥?n "decidedly ni luvuur ui mo rress, win not be played out. Subjoined is the score :-. EMERALD HILL. Hopkinson, b Johnson .. . ". .. 1 Clemontson, b Johnson. IO Barrosa, b J. B. Thompson. 10 Patton, o Cartor, b Johnson .. .. 5 ' M. Itali, b Johnson. 5 Mooro, e J. B. Thompioji, b Churchman 0 Mlllidgo, b J. B. Thompson. 8 H. Hall, o W. Thompson, b J. B. Thomp. i son. 12 Bier«, not out.2 Dabil, b Johnson. 10 Pluramor, o Churchman, b J. B. Thomp- son .0 Byes, i ; log-byes, 8 ; wide ball, 1 .. 8 ia THE PRESS. Unthank, b Mlllidgo.1 Churchman, run out.13 Braiding, st Clemontson.2 J. B. Thompson, o Mlllidgo, b Hopkinson G Johnson, c Clomentson, S JDaish .. ,, i W. Thompson, b Mlllidgo.12 May, not out.,15 Byos, 14 ; leg-by, 1; wide balls, i; no ball, 1.20 7S With four wickets to go down. INQUEST ON AN INFANT AT THE MBLBOT/KNB HOSPITAL.-The City Coroner held an inquest on Saturday, at the Melbourno Hospital, on tlio body of an infant, aged 15 months, named Mark Smith, who died vory suddenly on the previous day in that institution. Mr. Howitt, the resident surgeon, stated in his evidence before the jury that the deceased was brought by its mother on Wednesday last, without any letter of recommend- ation, and was taken to tho consulting-room for medical examination. Ho was not at that time) very ill. The regulation of the Hospital in suon. , cases was, that persons were only admittod (without < the sanotion of the Committee, who sit twice a week) when very ill. Deceased was ordored to ba brought again on Friday, to be taken before the Committee, in the usual manner. He was ad- mittod that day, at about 20 minutes to 12 o'elook. Mr. Howitt, on being called to see him a few minutes afterwards, found the child a corpse. The body was quite warm. He madei a post- mortem examination, and found the whole oí the back of the throat in a state of malignant ulcéra- tion. The glottis was codematous. There was no false membrane. The larynx was quite healthy. Mr. Howitt also stated to the jury that tho disenso of which the child died was so rapid in its course, that ho had seen death take place from it in 30 hours. The mother of the child having been examined, the jury returned a verdict to the effect, that the deceased died of malignant sore-throat. FEAitFOX BUSH-PIKES.-As might have baan anticipated, the hot weather of the last fow days has resulted in some serious bush-fires. We hare been informed that the greater portion of Mr. John M'Fherson's station, at Mount Houso, has bcon destroyed. At Mr. Urquhart's station a great deal of damago has been sustained ; all the ouses were destroyed, and Mrs. Urquhart, who was confined to bed, received very serious inju- ries. At Mr. Sherrick's, most of the station was burnt, and a large quantity of timber ready for erecting a new residenco was totally destroyed. Our informant has just returned from thb Mount ' Bouse district, whero he states the bush is on fire for five miles at a stretch.-Warrnanthyoi Examiner, January 24. . > . ! j 