THE VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14. The SPEAKER took the chair at a quarter patt 4 o'clock. NEW MEMBER. Mr. GBEEVES, the newly-elected member for East Geelong, took the oaths and his seat. The hon. member was introduced by Mr. Nichol- son and Mr. Carr. THE ARARAT MT/NICrrALITY. Mr. M'LELLAN presented a petition from tho Municipal Council of Ararat, praying that thj giant in aid of the municipality for the current j car might not be less than that of lost year. The SPEAEEB said tho petition could.not be received, as it was not in accordance with the rules of the House. THE COLLINGWOOD GAS COMPANY. Mr. GILLESPIE gave notice that next day ho should move that the parties promoting ana opposing the Collingwood (Fitssroy) District Gas «nd Coko Company, be permitted to print the evidence taken before the Committee,day by day, if they so think fit. LEASES OF AURIFEROUS LANDS. Mr. LOOK gave notice that on Thursday he should move that' a Select Committee bo ap- pointed to inquire into, and report upon, the evi- dence upon which the looses to Buchan and others, and Duncan and others, of auriferous lands at Brown's, wero granted, with the view ef .ascertaining whether tho granting of such leases interfered with the existing rights of certain, minors, undor and by virtue "of thoir miners* rights ; such Committeo to consist of Mr. Brodie, Mr. Frazer, Mr. Grant, Mr. Howard, Mr. Humffray, Mr, Kcefer, Mr. Lalor, Mr. Loader, Dr. Macadam, Mr. M'Lellanrand the. mover, ni til power to send for persons'and papers, three to form a quorum, AUSTRALASIAN FIRE AND LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY BILL. Mr. GILLESPIE gave notice that next day ho should move that the promoters of thia Bill bo permitted to print tho evidence taken before tho Select Committee day by doy, if they so think fit. THE MAIL CONTRACT TO GALLKi Mr. MOLLISON, at the suggestion' of Mr« Nicholson, postponed the question on this sub« joot of which ho had given notice, until after the departure of the February mail, POLICE ARRANGEMENTS AT KILMORE. In îoply to Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. NICHOLSON observed that no final de tihion had boon come to by the Government re- lative to the proposed removal of tho polioo ma- gistrate from Kilmore. Potty Sessions were held At Beedy Creek, and no further arrangement} would be made until the result was known of the motion which Mr. Snodgrass intended to bring forward, as to the appointment of a Resident Warden for the district. MUNICIPALITIES. ' In nnBwor to Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. M'OULLOOH said it was not the inten- tion of the Government to increase the amount now on the Estimates, in aid of municipalities for the year 1860. POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS, AT KILMORE, In reply to Mr. O'shanassy, Mr. BAILEY admitted the want of a post office building at Kilmore, Jt was .proposed, however, as appoared by the Estimates of the current year, to amalgamate the Post-office and the Telegraph. The telegraph station was erected on Government ground, situate about half-a-milo from the centre of .the place, and the question yet under consideration was whether the prcsont telegraph station should be abandoned, and a new building for both postal and telegra- phic purposes orected in tho township, or whe- ther tho prosont building should be continued for both departments. ' > RETURNS FROM OFFICIAL ASSIGNEES.' Mr. CALDWELL, pursuant to notice, asked the Attorney-General to order a further return from» the Official Assignees as to insolvent es- tates. Mr. WOOD said the bon. member did not montion how far back he intended'these roturas to go, and ho would suggest that they should be limited to the last year or two. 'Again, ah tho hon. mombor was probably aware, the assets de- din ed in a great number of the estates were ex- ceedingly small, and, therefore, it would be well to limit inquiries to those estates in which the assets amounted to abovo £100. If the horn member should not be satisfied with theso returns, he could afterwards move for further returns. Mr. CALDWELL was understood to assent to this suggestion. M'ORAE-STREET, SANDHURST. Dr. MACADAM gave notice that, on the follow- ing day, he should move that a message be sent from this House to the Legislative Council, request- ing permission for the Hon. Alexander Fraser to give evidence before the Seleot Committee ap- pointed to inquiro into the extension of M'Grae streot, Sandhurst, to the main Murray-road. THE PENINSULAR AN» ORIENTAL1 COMPANY'S CONTRACT. In reply to Mr. Mollison, - Mr. NICHOLSON said be had no objeotion t* lay upon the tablo a copy of the despatch received by tho Government by the last mail on the subject of this contract. IMPORTATION OP RAH/WAY CARRIAGES. The question of which Mr. Serjeant had given notice, whether it was the intention of the Government to import from England any »railway carriages or trucks during the present year, was postponed. THE CARELESS USE OF FIRE. In reply to Mr. Gillespie, Mr. WOOD said ho had no objection to lay on the table a return of the number of convictions I undor tho Act to prevent the careless oso of fire. As to the proportion of convictions which had been obtained at the instance of the police, ho could supply no information, as no record had been kept of the names of the parties prosecuting. With regard to a third question, whethor any fcpecial instructions had been given to the police to inquire into the source of a bush-fire when it occurred, it would scarcely fall within the duty of tho Law Officers of the Crown to direct suoit an inquiry. Whether any suoh instructions had issued from the Chief Secretary's department, he waa not prepared to say. SUPPLY. The House then resolved itself into a COM-» mittee of Supply. rosT-OFPICES. The following votes for salaries and wages were agreed to : Genoral Post-office, Melbourne.-Secretary, £1,000 ; inspootor of postal service (including al- lowances in lieu of forage and travelling ex- penses), £1,000 ; accountant (including allowance for conducting mono)* order business), £700 ; in- spector of stamps, £(¡00 ; suporintondent of mail branch, £500 ; inspector of dead letters, £509 ; 28 clerks (one at £600, eight at £400, SOTO» at £350, eight at £325, and four at £300), £9,950; clerk, money order department, £250 ; 20 sorters (two at 14s., threo at 12s., three at 11s., and 12 at 10s.), £3,9712s. ; six junior sorters (three at £120 and three at £100), £660 ; 12 mail guards, at J2s. 6d. per diom, £2,745 ; letter- oarriera (2S at 10s., and 30 at 8s. per diem), £9,150 ; messenger, »t 5s. per diem, £01 10s. ; printer of postage fitnmps, £400 ; assistant to printer, £75 ; tota, £31,69212s. . Post-office, Geelong.-Postmastor (with quar- te is, fuel, and water), £600 ; four clerks (one at £460 and three at £300), £1,350 ; one sorter, at 10s. per diem, £183 ; eight letter carriers, at 10s. per diem, £1,4(54; total, £3,597. Bollarat.-Postmaster (with quarters, fuel, and M ater), £450 ; two clerks (one at £350 and one at £300). £650 ; two sorters, at 10s. per diem, £366; four letter carriers (three at 10s. and one at 8s, per diem), £095 8s. ; total, £21618s, Sandhurst-Postmaster (with quarters, fuel, and water), £450 ; two clerks (one at £350 au i one at £300), £650 ; one sorter, at 10s. per diet«, £183 ; two letter carriers, at 10«. per diom, £388 ; total, £1,649. Castlemaine.-Samo as at Sandhurst, £1,64). Beechworth.-Poa trans tor (with quarters, fuel, and water), £450; one clork, £300; one sorter, at 10s. per diem, £183 ; one lotter carrier, at 19s. per diem, £183; total, £1,110. On the vote for Ararat,-Postmaster (wilki quarters, fuel, and water), £450; one sorter at' 10s. per diem, £183 ; total, £633 Mr. M'LELLAN complained of harshness OK the part of the Postmaster-Qoneral, in dismisriog. one sorter, and compelling the remaining officer! to perform the (Juty at 10s. per day. The vote, however, was agreed to j as wero als*,' the following : r Post-office. Maryborough.-Postmaster (with, qufrters, fuelfand water), £350; one sorter at 10s. per^dièm, £183 ; total, £533. Pleasant Creek.-Postmaster (with quarters, fatflfand water), £350. Williamstown. - PoBtmaBter (with quarters, ' fuel, and wator), £300; one letter carrier at 10». ' per diem, £183 ; total, £483. Dunolly.-Postmaster (with quarters, fuel, and water) at £350, for six months, £17S, Portland.-Postmaster (with quarters, fuel, and water), £300. On the vote for Belfast-Postmaster (with quwters, fuel, and water), »t£300, for aixnoatlu, Mr. HOOD said this was the fot vete for * place in which the Government proposed to amal- gámate the Post-office and thoTelegraphic-atation. Mr. M'OULLOOH.-The second, Mr. HOOD thought the Committee ought to pause beforo sanctioning this principle of amal- gamation. Which would bo served first-the party coliingfor letters, or the party Bending a telegram? Was it proposed that the proseat telegraphic clerk should perform the postal duties, or thnt the post-office clerk should manage the telegraph 1 His opinion was that one clerk could not perform the combined duties properly, and if not, where would bo the savingfrom the proposed anangement ? It was too late to think of saving by having only one building, as all the buildings wero up. Mr. BAILEY would lay beforo the .Committee an explanation, which would apply to the whole of tho alterations proposed by the Government. The propriety of amalgamating the Telegraphic and Pust-office Departments in the smaller country tjwns had been recognised by tho Government for s mo timo past ; and in turning to the report of t'ic Superintendent of Telegraphs for 1859, it wouldbofound-that atHexham,Belvoir, and other places, this arrangement had been already oarriod out, and had been found to work very well, bath, with regard to economy and to the public accom- modation. It was now proposed to carry this amalgamation still farther, and although in some instances the Government would be put to soma I additional expense, the saving effected on the -» bolo would be something considerable. At Belfast, for instance, a post-office building and o telegrophio building already existed ; the I telegraph-manager waa provided with quarters, fuel, and water; aud the postmaster was pro- vided with the samo. The effect of the amalga- mation »ould.bo, to place both offices undor one head; nnu tho additional business that might havo to be transacted would be discharged with, the help of an additional clerk. The saving ia conscqnence would be, tho difference bstwoon the salary of the head of the department and that of o clerk, and the amount of ono officer's quarters, fuel, and water ; and to say that this saving would not bo effected simply because there Mould bo a small additional expense at the out- set was to argue upon very wrong grounds. Thero woro other places in which, only ono Government building had been erected such was Dunolly, where a building waa rentod for the purposes of the post-offioe, and where the Government had a telegraph, station. To effect an amalgamation at Dunolly, nn expenditure of about £100 for additions tt> the present telegraph building would be needed, and the services of an extra sorting clerk would be íequired ; but the future annual expenditures would in consequence bo no more than £744, instead of £1,061, as at present, showing a, saving of nearly £300. And, more or less, the same results would be found to flow from the other amalgamations contemplated by tho Go- ' vernment. Mr. HORNE objected to the notion of amal- gamating two offices which were, in a measure, opposed to each other. Tho object of the telegraph, was the rapid and safe transmission of message» ; lint if the offices were amalgamated, what would become of the telegraph while the mail-sorting was going on ? Portland, it appeared, wasoxom.pt; from this orrangomont; but why Belfast (whore a larpo amount of mercantile business was done) and Warrnambool should be included in the Go- vernment amalgamation plan he was at a loss to conceive. He trusted the Government would seo tho propriety of allowing tho offices to stand aepurate, as heretofore. The telegraph was a de- partment of vast moment to the country, and should be perfectly independent of any other office, in orderthat the work might go on regu- larly and continuously. The country would be put to an extra expense in makingtho amalgama- tion, and he thought the Government on reflec- tion would find that the anticipated saving, so far as the publio were concerned, would prove a very great loss, Mr. M'LELLAN was also opposed to the amalgamation. It was very easy, ho observed, for the Postmaster-General to come down to the House and state how things would be, but lion, members had no idea of the confusion that the amalgamation would cause. The population of these places was rapidly increasing, and it would ho necessary, ho contended, to have again in each. spot a telegraph manager and a postmaster boforo 12 months naa passed away. Mr. IIARKER hoped, after the remarks whioh had been made, that the Government would see fit to reconsider their determination with re- ference to this alteration. The amalgamation of the two offices might be attended try a small saving to tho country, but certainly it would be at tho cost of tho public convenience. The Maldon post-offico was in the heart of the town; it was now proposed to remove that office to tho telegraph station, which was at a considerable distaaoj from the centro of business, and in anything but a convenient situation for tho population gene- rally ; and for a small pecuniary saving he con- sidered it was not worth while to have such a change at all. And here he would make an observation with regard to the disproportion ia the cost of carrying on the several post-ofnoas. The cost of the Ballarat post-office was upwards of £2,100, and yet it did not do four times the business that was dono at Maldon. _ Why was such a sum voted for Ballarat, when it was pro- posed to do away with the post-office at Maldon altogether, although ho belioved the whole duties connected with that postal district had been dis- charged at a cost of something like £60 or £70 a year ? Mr. J. T. SMITH was surprised to find hon. members opposing the proposition of the Govern- ment. The arrangement contemplated was-cal- culated to conduce to the public convenience, and at the same time to reduce tho public expendi- ture The opposition to the arrangement, it would appear, proceeded from a desire to retain in office those whose services were no longer re | quired. The continuation of the old system, would only be attended by the retention of a I number of sineoures. _ The hon. member then complained of the unfair distribution of the postal emoluments. The amount of business done at Maryborough, for instance, was greater than at Ararat, whereas the emoluments wore smaller. I Returning to tho question before the Committee, ho said he was strongly in favour of the amalga- mation movement, and he believed that, even in Melbourne, the union of the two offices would be a great public advantage. Dr. EVANS had every desire to support tho Government in any reasonable proposition whioh. they might mako with a view to economy ; but having had the advantage of more than l8 months' practical experience in both these de- partments-the Post-office and the Electric Telegraph-he protested against a most injurious and impracticable course, such as that noir suggested by the Government. How could the telegraph manager properly attend to the trans- mission of an important messago if the window of the room in which he might be canying on his | operations wore surrounded, as it sometimes i "would bo, by a large ano angry crowd of people, clamouring for their letters just | arrived by the English mail ? Whit would become of the electrio telegraph. under theso circumstances 1 MuBt the olerk leave off in tho midstof a sentence? On the other hand, the clerk might bo engaged in sorting loiters just as the signal is given that a message is on the wires ; would he have to send an ex- planation to the effect that ho is engaged in tho postal department, and that in an nour or two ho would attond to it Î Another point whioh weighed on his mindl(iwas the totally different nature of the employments. Different habits and turn of mind were required for individuals placed in the several departments. There wa? a difficulty, amounting almost to an impossibility, in finding one man who should be equally capable and efficient in both depart- ments. It appeared to him that to take a man who excelled in the management of tho telegraphio department, and employ him as a postmaster, would be like taking the organist of a church to perform at the same time the duties of pew-opener ja laugh), or like taking a semp- stress and employing her at the washing-tub. (Laughter.) The two offices were essentially different, and could not be carried on advan- tageously by the same person. The amalgama- tion would also bo injurious to the telegraph department, the only Government department which was not only self- maintaining, but actually yielded afvery fair profit to tbo Government. He believed that, setting aside tbo Government mes- sages, which ought to be charged at the ordinary rates, the telegraph would be found, not merely to pay its own expenses, but to yield a fan* divi- dend. In tho hands of a private company the dividend would be about 11¿ per cent. Ho thought it unfair to disturb the efficiency of suoh. « department by throwing upon it a class of duties for which the agents of the department wero altogether unfitted. If the electrio telegraph had only fan» play in this colony, it would becomo here, as in England, a mighty engirt» of civilisation and progress. (Hoar, hear.) In many of the country-offices the men and lads were at work from 8 in the morning to 8 at night, with only a lapse of half-an-hour for dinner, and after 8 o'olock they wero frequently employed in making up their accounts. Ho had, when m office, represented the "»ntter to tho hon. member the late Treasurer, but could not obt tin bib sanction to the salaries of tho officers bo;nj increased ; however, ho trusted tho present Go* vcrnment would tako the matter into considera- tion and he should bo prepared to support any motion which had in view that object. Ile trustel hon. memborB would look a little more con- siderately into the matter beforo thoy acoedod to the crude suggestion of the hon. members on tho Oovcrnmont benches, for although ho gave tlloStf bon. gentlemen credit for* having acted from a desire to effect retrenchment, ho was sure their proposition was made with a most profound and absolutcjgnoranco of the exigencies of tho tw# deportniunts. * , - Mr. JOHNSTON, although .much surnrweá .at ijip,.xöinarks.whjU:h»h^^ by-the . .. gejinhiejàttcmpt/i)^thé.partóf the Government, :?!?<?.'& to"4'c¿nómiso,;'"They had\heard ii gi¡oat>.do.al '?''. '? K .'''"»bout',' thé''" ámaWaniatibñiof I the two ofljoés.'an'l .'";' ,';:''lI<i'diffi'(5ully'6f'onèfcting it'; but he might inform ' ,-":'théi,.'Cornmitteô of '.what "'his'exp'orioncje of the .'?' '.¡''Telegraph' Department was, and also of t-.ome ''?'? Y'facts1 he had ascertained from the hon. the.Post-: .-.".?'fl "jntótér^Gonorah'lA'rjaessage had beón¡ sent ti '.'.;; '" him : from" Hoxhiihi, requiring an ¡inmediato i ai;. . y¿ngwor ? "upWits'àrrivnl tit his house at St. Kilda ..he was away from home, but on tho receipt of it-, ; ?;"'v he went as qUiokiyns possible to tho Telegraph-: '?'??.:Ji office íto ¡ sent' an answer/" -Itiwas th^n ».few ,;¡'ci;;rr minutes'to 8o'clook, aud'he was informed'by the' '. ïjiil-'officer.nt the'station that'it was too late to se'id i s:- '«'Ihcmessage,' as the officer at theHexhain'station' u'l/rwoultl' hovè'!left''the'-olficé. Upon making-in ii»T':(juirifesas to'the'iUitleS ,of that gentleman, ho >;! ^ionnd')that1r'25ll'm'essoges lind been seht to that' ¡0!0- ¿.intion during'tliè'past'y ear, or less thon.pne pa: riVO »i'.'ttîfcni, and;thht'i 4,500! letters y passed through the % V''""* l'ost-ofBco during the 12! months, or less than an C'ifl PÎi'Uvcrago' of 15 nor day¡'yet it was'stated by the . '.'.';>*» honr.'^mombOr'',fo'r -'Avoca that tho duties yere. ". i r «r3nost'i'!h»rassing.,"islNo doubt, after delivering 15 :. .,; íi!^eitér'sf'in'ofio,'day;and occasionally a telegram, .'?«. fK'theofficer-at''Hoxharrï'was so fatigued that he .fi/r-iconld'not'bö'expoeted'to wait at his office! tilla' i. !?(,! -'©'clock'iftt night;1'and- must be quite woim out. '. -'¡"''(Laúglitér.):1' The'expense of the Hexham'station . '?''!> liras £433 a'year, and the'wholo revohuVilderived .-;;' ^fifom'it'wâs'oiily £210; being'rather less than ono :.:.?-." 'halfi the'^cxpohso/^wnlle 'the'revenue ff?om'-the' ;',-¡'(,ro8t-pfBce!was.,only'£142i;1 so that thbitwoto-. t : ' ;:'?KCtherirdid!not<-'amount'-to' the cost of the ¡esta-"; ' Í",K- ?>i!j¡Bnmohl;>''lThore'was rio 'doubt that tilo'electric ' ..j'rt'-iölegi^phwoüldj-as^an'hon.' member'hid, stated,. \- .».-iii <>-tecomb a'niighty engine; but if hon,,members in ?. . ?"?'H-r.iho'Corner-ooiild advocate a system like, that a"; .;'.-?; s'-'llexharhV'he did not know what they Would next ?;'J'-:ií*o:y: bi'/i:r>l.i/.; I---. r-;? .".??'?.???.,.' i c- ,"?;.. ""?';Í#8|^Í^A^ÍNT0SK.. said'.that it Vos a woU ' ':_'" Known.'fact''that''in, 'the country districts the' '".'} -'.duties 'of 'postmaster were .porformodjby store '''?'"? lceepers for 'a ¡salary of £20 ; ,so 'that he. did .not, \- ?..' ',-J ','tíndorst'and .why £300 Should bo paid ijf ¡the two 'j,'"ónices were' amalgamated, when the pogtmaster ,; ".',','j received.Buçh.tt: .small áinoúnt only.' . j ,-,.., -/c,,s., ' ?'?'!<&* "u&r.; rÓ'SHANASSY.'thought ; that j Hexham ^ijt.^.cóuld not.bo selected as, an example .upon which -, ),. (;,(t<iground- tho,argument¡of.hoii.,members, .oppo ?(.,.£ site, us it,could not be compared with tbb majority |i'.,,, ;*'of cóuhtryi; to5vns;,- There, wore manyrjlaces'iit .! jîii which telegraph,stations were erecteajin a most i" ¿; inconvenient locality, and the inhabitants would ?' -ir/oppose áppst-pffico being, attached to'ihem,;oa' íí-'ii :Í ifiat.accouut; for although persons did not object V vd*?- góinjí. §orap distance to telegraph a, message, ' ''tfiey suffered grout inconvenience if a pöst-officJ ,.' ¡', ."was.?io.t(in^çentruf,position..-,- ..,,- 1 ., . .'', . ;{¡jii'í,i'-Mrf EMBLING supported the proposition of ;"3iÄ*iÖovornrn'ent;iand was 'sorry to find that?those ii', iii! 'lion, members' who, outside the ' Housf),(had:<ex ?.?I'lirfwpressed such; a-desire ta'reduce1 Government¡ex i -1?- ;i in y peridi turo/ should, when;; inside . tho walls ? of . i the :.'?.te'.w JlousOji'systoinatically óppóse: the: Government i.tv>) tinwhejiever ith'ey- proposed any- economy. Tho i'-VrV:'', hon.',-"iñember 'for, 'Avoca' had said) a great :-;'J,'ii£ 'deal about his l8 months' experience wjiilo at tho '.?! ' i-; head'Oftho Post-office Department, but the'hbnj ',.?. -'.''micmber had not had l8 months' experience.;'- r ',';', ;^p^:EyÁNs!^Nineteen/months. ' i tc"':í-*''" :;:;,î:(,,3;'Mr.';,E.%BLlÑG;-r-The ' "on. 'member was. rC.'-^-:-thMè.',mbnUis,'in-;N.o.w-i Zealond (laughter), "and i ^"¿J.alsoWvli'im he took the.office,vacated by the hon. . ^ ;,','.? V^inember^^Mr. DúfFy^.he ceased to'be the head of '. r¿i,j 'Allé,' P1osit-9ffiço'..'.:He believed that the (lyu- office* ' ^'"^in^á^cp'ün'trytpwn were not'; sp important! as tho -.,7, 'Koii'.^member would have the;.Coininittfo'.believe, ," jJj)|päa':>considorc,d, that., one .in'telligoiif man could ? Jf::, easily' perforiii them.. He thouglit,tliooGovern ^;.,1 ment should,bp supported .by the Committee ia '-*,!JL"'ïKeir efforts,tP retrench,'as thoy alone; being the :"' ' fji heads of the departments, wero responsible to>the \l',';"«Suntry for. any changea which were made;at their 'j) ''.'.'slig'gèstioh.;';. .'',', '~ ; ';") j-r-i -.- ..-. , r !,..j!,v, Miv M'LELLAN protested against non. mem i"ii¿*'a'Jfc**;!ÍH[hó,"knew, nothing of the importance oc ,¡ .,¿".country,póst-pilicos.placing tho present question' /,,v,^,'befb^ré; tlie^membprs of the Coiuniittpe in:t|io ; ; "niannér théy.'weré doing, and heajsàprotested against tbém;giyiiig, information whieji.¡was not "^'.¡'correctJ'ríHo1 trusted that the Committeo would .?':.'jSfefiiot consent to th'o amalgamation proposed, as far ?'I','!.'i;-"*S concerned populous districts. ,','"'. ¡ '^'.*,\\.:._ . ?*'"'f ^'^.Mr. M'CCLLOCH thought the amalgamation .*!,. ';' fhould be made in places whero it was possible to ?/;'"«!corry, it out. , If it was supposed;-as!had beoa ". 'v;'5hihted, that there would not bo! ¿ufficien!; vi ; * '«taflsl.at-'the various stations, he would; not bo SV' ¡'in favour of the system ; but.it was intended ,to '.'':"7,'niake , provisions for both offices.' iHe.imight , :". '.','>»y that if the. Government thought ,'ifc at all .;';.".'.'..'? próbablo.that tho, interests of the public would " ,'.ue^injured by the system of amalgarnmon,.they " .". ¡ .would not for one moment hove proposed it. Mr HARKER, who spoke very indistinctly, .was understood to Rupport the prosont system ;,. of keeping the two offices distinct i * Mr. GRAY submitted that the duties of a telegraph station master were such as to requiro considerable practice and skill, whereas those of tho postmaster required \ery little apprentice ship to learn, and on that account it would be ?»cry difficult to cairy out the system lof amal ¡ carnation Mi HOOD said he did not find fault with the I < Government for endeavouring to amalgamate the ?> ttvb offices at the places which had boen, men ' L tioned by the lion the Postmaster Genoral, but ho did not approve of the system in places where the telegraph was self supppiting iho fact of a compaiatively uinmpoi tant place hko Hexham hating had sufficient interest with thor Govern- ment to procure a telegraph station, was not an urgumont m favour of amalgamation of tho offices at an important placo liko\BoIfast The conduct of tiio Government m the present in ^ I ¿tance could not bo reconciled willi their be- haviour as regarded the Railway Department, for while they attempted to save in small mat- ters they had shown the utmost disregard to re- trenchment in a department which could bo well reduced, i With the view of testing the1 opinion ) i of the Committee, he would move- ' i 7 r "That, m the opinion of the Committee, it is desirable that the item be mci eased by a sum » of £150, and the word 'twelve' bo substituted for ' * six* months," I Mr HORNE seconded the amendment. The question that the words "six months' stand part of the item, was put, and the Com- mittee divided, with the following result - Ayes 28 ) i Noes 19 í _ It i Majority against the amendment 9 ., ¡ Mr HORNE then moved that the item be in- creased to £300 for a period of six months The amendment was put and lost, and the item as it originally stood, was passed Mr, M'CULLOCH moved that the «um of , Í» £150, with quarters, fuel, and water, be voted to tho Postmaster at Warrnambool for six months. ?t< I Mr HORNE moved that the sum ho increased i to £300 for 12 months, as it had been proved that i the office was self supporting. ' Mr.JBAILEY, ra reference to'the remarks *>*»? which had been prouolisly made by the bon 3 i member for Avoca, that it would bo found lrapoj " 'nbleto establish the system of amalgamation oc the two offices of postmaster and electric telegraph station master, stated that already the system ' ' had been established in some localities, and no "I complaint had been made (" Name ' j no had -J furnished a return on tho subject, which hon ai members might have read before tho introduction ^ of-1 the question that evening, had they thought J-i "proper to do so Ho had not ventured to pro 1 \f Jose the amalgamation of the offices until ho nad f l,u consulted tho permanent heads of both depart ill «ttjhßntg The effect would in future bo, that as i '"? the two departments wero now undor one politi- cal head, the two offices would be under one >-local head. ' , y ' Mr, ¡HORNE said that Warrnambool claimed special consideiation, as the population was not ? mode up of) tadors and drapers, but included a t very large number of mercantile men On thoso grounds, ho lipped that the Government would agree to the amendment, and that Warrnambool " would be put on tho samo footing as Portland. t Mr. JOHNSTON was rather surprised at tho proposition of the lion memLer, when it had been ( nt J shown fthat at 'Warrnambool the average number > of telegrams was only five per'diem ".As re- garded the inconvenience which some hbn. mern i bera anticipated would be,caused to the pubho through the postmaster acting as electric tele- graph station-master, he might mention that he had been informed by an hon. member of a cir- cumstance which proved that time was not such a great object to some of those gentlemen. The hon. member on arriving at one of those large and important towns on the gold-fields of which the Committee had heard, found that a lt- ter was awaiting him, and shortly afterwards a highly important gentleman walked into his hotel, and delivered the letter to him. He asked the officer to tea, the invitation was ac- cepted, and the officer spent somo time with him. II Now, he (Mr. Johnston) wanted to know what in the meantime became of the 400 diggers who were looking al the doors of the Post-office for their letters. ' (Laughter ) | > » » "Mr, OATHID condemned the system of nnial ' \\. carnation, and 'considered it would bo equally 1 'prudent to connect/ the Police with.thp Jj?ost .*-< ?' office department, as to amalgamate tile latter > mth the Telegraph Office-^" No, no ")-ai Utere-was not any identity tyetwoen them. In «-«Tory respeotho thought it ,^you|d* bp impossible '-to "work the tiro departments together satis- factorily. 4 , | / K ?> t Mr J.rTf SMITH said tho Committee h%d ' already By their votes affirmed that there should vte^namalgamahbn^pf "the Offices, and he consi J aiorcdhon members should accept that*as<'a| j recèdent foi passing the items as they at pro ' I intstoodt I ? | / tr j ' * . »Mr GREEVES thought that lion members had lost sight of tho fact that the bon tho Post master General had not proposed amalgamating tho departments until after he had consulted the practical officers connected with those doini t ments He could not understand lion lion members, who ad\oeated economy, could pei sist in opposing an eflbitof the GQ\ eminent to insure that economy Various remaiks hid been made abqut the duties porfont ed by the stat o i masters at different places and one lion morn bei considered that Warrnambool should ba placed on an equality with Poitland, but if tin hon mombei referred to the Customs retui is for the year 1858, he would seo0 son» cause for making a difibrenco between tin two places The bon raembei then -quote 1 from the return in question in support ^of his argument, and submitted that increased trafiio at Portland over Warrnambool was sufficient reason for the difference made in the Estimates Mr HOOD thought the discussion had gone far enough, and referred to the fact that it was not statod, when referenco was mido to the number of telegrams Bent from Belfast and Warr iinnibool, whother they woro ten word telegrams or very long ones The question that " six months ' stand part of the ltoin w as then put and earned Mr M'CULLOCH moved that the sum of £3o0 be granted, with quarters, fuel, and water, for a postmaster at Hamilton. Mr M'LELLAN wished to know the reason v. hy the postmaster at Hamilton should Jie paid moro than postmasters at other pl*iccb molo mt portant Mr BAILEY, in answer, stated that tho total number of letters which passed through Hamil- ton during the last year amounted to 142,500, and of newspapers to 172,664. Forty mails were made up weekly at the office, and only one indi- vidual performed the duty , Mr MOLLISON asked the Government who ther it was intended to erect a new post office at Hamilton, as the inhabitants were very much dissatisfied with the position of the building at present used for that purpose? Mr BAjIIiliY thought the question «as one moro propeily belonging to the Public Works Dcputment Hitheitó the Post office had boon ii house rented by thb Government, but a com plamt had boen made by the postmaster that he was placed'in a very disagreeable position with tjio owners of the premises, an 1 an offer had "been received from some parties to eiect a nov postónico, for the amount nt picscut paid as nntalj'but the Government considering that soon a telegraph office might be required, had not thought it advisable to accept tho offer Tho'motion waa then carried Mr ^'CULLOCH move'd that tho sum of £150 bo granted, with quarters fuel, and wator^ for a postmaster at Creswick for six months. Mr J T SMITH asked the Government whether they would appoint a letter carrier to the district, as it would boa tery great akcom1» niodation to the inhabitants ' ' 'Mr BAILEY said ho could not promise a letter carrier during the present year, but if it was doomed necessary, noxt year tho appointment would bo made 1 Tho motion was then earned Mr M'OTJLLOCH mo) ed that tho sum of £175 with quarters, fuel and water, bo grantoJ for a postmaster at Heathcote for six months The motion was carried without remark POST-OFFICE, KILMORE On the voto of £175 for the postmaster of ¿ii moro, for six months' salary, with quarters, fuol, and water, < , Mr BAILEY, in reply to an observation of tho bon member for Kilmore, said, tho¡,prosont Estimates had been drawn out before the Govern ment acceptod office, but that if it were found necessary, the Government would bo prepared to como donn to the House, and ask for an addi tional sum for this service POST-OFFIOB, KYNETON Tho sum of £175 form months' salaiy, with quarters, fuel, and water, was granted tor tho postmaster at Kyneton j OOUNTRY POSTMASTERS On the motion that £9,000 be granted for allowances to country postmasters, m reply to jMr Harker, (UJI Mr BAILEY said that the business of the Post-office was in many casos1 trans acted by country storekeepers, to vhpm a «alary of £100 a year had been paid In several instances this business had been transferred ti the Telegraph office and the Ofwí»T mm intended, if it were, found necessary, '¡to provide carriers at, thoso places.' It' tras not,the intention to remove tho.businoss in all cases from the country storekeepers ;' but' wherever the requirements of any placo ran , dered the establishment of a monoy-order 'office ,nccossary, then it would bo desirable to place the office under the ohargo of a responsible officer, Mich SB the head of the Telegraph Department. (Hear.) ( The vote was then passed. A sum of £3,000, to moot the expenses of ad- ditional and occasional assistance, allowance for 'overtime in sorting English mails, and probable unforeseen requirements, was votod'without dis- cussion. ' ' ' ' /,a MAIL SERVICE. ' 'j j , Mr. M'CHLLOOH next moved that a sum of £70.000 be granted for the conveyance of inland . mails. ^ ' ' JJ i Mr. HOOD wished to know whether the con- tracts had been all takon, and if so,'whetbor this largo sum were in oxcesB of the amounfr'actuilly requirod,ior otherwise? Mr.1 BAILEY said, as there had been no notice of the question,' ho could not state' exactly whether or not the contracts had all been taken up. The'main portion of them had, however, bien accepted; and, should there bo any balance, it would, as uaualj be absorbed in the extension of th« poatal service of the colony. The vote was then'agrccd to. URATUTTIBS TO MASTERS Ol' TESSELS. A sum of £3,000 for gratuities to mastets of vessels was gran tod. > * ' ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH DEPARTMENT. ' Mr. M'CTJLLOOH next moved that ft sum of £1,750 be granted for the expenses'''of tho General Superintendent's office, in the following proportions, viz.': " General superintendant, in -eluding travelling expenses, £1,100 ; 'aedbuntant and clerk, £400 ; general lino repair, £250.' Mr. KEEPER wished to call tho attention of the Committee to tho salaries paid to the) gentío men in this department ; and he had no doubt that whon hon. members took into consideration the long hours those gentlemen wero obliged to .sork, and the onerous nature of their dutios, they would agreo with him that the salaries wore quito inadequate. (Hear,) The j first ¡tom wai £1,100 for the Chief Superintendent, ?winch uum included travelling expenses. .On ro f ei ring to page 44 of the Estimates, he fou'ria that £1,100 a year, exclusive of travelling expenses, had beon voted to the Inspcctor-Geneial of Roads and Bridges. It was not his wish to say one word as to the latter officer, but ho thought thpdutioi' performod iby the Chief Superintendent ofiiths Electrio Telegraph Department were oftu mora onoiouB and important nature than thoso per- formod by tho InBpeotor of Roads. (Hear,) On leferenco to the report of tho Civil Service Com-, mission it would appear that this gentletnan was obliged to travel over the whole of the )in¿ twios a year, and as the offices wore continuallyjncroas ing, that body recommended that the salary'should bo distinguished from the travelling expenses, In discussing questions of salaries, he thought, gene rally speaking, it would be better not to ¿tftido to individuals, but as names had /been inentiopod in that Committee on former occasions, bethought lie was not out of order in expressing his convic- tion that tho Committee would not fail'Çp rocog niso the very great services that had peon ren- dered to tho oountry by tho goutloman whoso office waa under discussion. (Bear.) ; Iv.might be said he was the fathor of the telegraph, audi lie (Mr. Keefer) was aware that ho lind tako^a creal deal of trouble in persuading vi formar Government to introduce it into the colony, Mr. ( M'Gowan succeeded hi introducing tho tele- graph, and the position of his department .was now such that, after all the Government messages were sent free, an incomo of sppmfjiin;} J over £9 per cent, was realised on tlio.j.tni'.irj outlay ; or, in other words, this was tho. only Bclf-supporting department of the Goverijrapiii,, (Hoar, hear.) Under thoso circumstatjoes, look- ing to th» great expenses this gentleman'was put .to for travelling, it would not bo too rd^clljif J,i< wore placed' at least on a similar foo ting, to tin1, of the Inspector of Roads and Bridget (Hear,) With reference to the next item of £100 for th i .accountant, ha thought tbo Oommittpo would, agree with him, 'that the salary was wholly in- adequate. (Hear.) This gentleman had to conduct nearly all the correspondence in connection with the hoad offico, ( and ha iras «impelled to koop very late .hauri, indeed, A document had lately been', spnt round ,to hon. members of that Hbuse^iJ did not know with what authority-which showol the relativo number of hours the various em» ployis in the service of tho Govornmont WJM obliged to work. Prom that document it ap poared that in the Government offices goiîerally ' the officers were oirfployód'di|, five dayf^tt-tlo week from 0 o'clock till 4 o'clock, and oa!S»t"ur ?Jays from 9 till 12 o'clock ; or 8» hours?* i'wjjic In iho Post- office, the hours wero from 0 till li o'cltxb, or an average of 54 honra a week ; whila ^-1-1-XJ - in the Electrio Telegraph Department tho.pffica -j .»wero employed from half-past 8 o'clopk ia ,rihe morning until 8 o'clock ia'1 tin i vening'j or ' 80J hours per weelo''' 11 1 ' h's opinion, tho services of this department-wouU ' be more efficiently performed, and with far lea. injury to the health of the officers, if the Rumbar of ' the staff wore increased, (Hoar,»-\hear ) Wherever ¡there was not much business. In thought thp 'hours might advantageously bj shortened; but in the principal offices, such as Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat,Sandhurst/Castlo maine, and'Beechworth, bethought some addi- tional assistance ought to be given. He^iound »the managers at thoso latter stations put down it i £350 a year-a sum.totally inadequate for th i duo discharge of i the duties they had to perform. (Hear, hear.) Not only had. -those managers the responsibility of thoiroffices, but they wero to somo extent the collectors of tin public rovonuojiand they were also liaBIo 'for any mistakes in the transmission of messages. 1 Ho thought, under theso ciroumstanoeB"thoäo gentlemen ought'to be bettor remunerated, at least if their liability for mistakes was tov con- tinue. (Hear, hear.) »v 'Mr. M'OULLOOII was understood to say that "this matter had already been brought under, the 'consideration of the Government, and ¿hat he believed an hon. member had given notice of an intention to move an amendment. *?** ' Mr. KEEPER said if ho had been nWro of that fact, ho should not havo troubled the Com- mittee at such length. , ( ¡ Mr. HOOD said it was his intention, when t'n last item under this head carne to bo considere 1, to move an amendment, to tho effect that/in tin opinion of the Committee,-it would be highly use- ful to the public service, and only just towards, the present employés of the Telegraph Depart- ment in Molbourno, that an additional'sum'of £2,000 should bo'placed on tho Estimated,'with a view of enabling Government» to engage' addi- tional officers, so that the present staff might ?»leave their offices at 4 p.m. Ho treated every t ote on its own merit», and, without reference1 to whether lion, mombors on his sido of the House w er,o favourable to it, cr 'otherwise Ho Thad opposed several votes tba*, ho0 considered ,, too high, but, in, this,instance, it, was not ., an inoreaso of salary he sought,. His object was , to placo such a Bum on the Supplementary »Bstt , mates as wpujd enable tho Government tombai o .¡iilrclay of officers, so that the prcsont staff'might -, not| bo compolled' to work so long as 11'or 12 -hours a day. If this woro^oue^o would suggest njthat i the Government should keep tho offices especially during tho sitting of F, arliaraent-r-opan . till 10 o'clock at night, andhojiai no doubt tho additional business would defray all thoiiMreasod expenses. With) tho fact, boforo them that the Melbourno office shewed a nett profit of some- thing like £20,600 a year, he did not think ha i was asking too much in having this additional sum placed onthe Estimates. (Hear, hear.):! ' Mr. M'OULLOCH said if there wore no objection he would withdraw ¿ho voto\bofori the Committee, nnd move that the total,sum of _..) Hequito _ _ _ for Belfast, that those gentlemen wero over» worked, and ho thought tho proper remedy was to give thom extra time. (Hear, hoar.) Mr. HUMFFRAY said it was his intention tj move that tho salary of the accountant b3 increased by £50 a year. . f ' Mr. M'CULLOCH then moved that it sum of £23,000, for tho salaries and expenses of the whole department, be granted. . ' ,; ' Mr. HOOD wished to know if it wore com- petent to'movo that tho vote bo increased to £25,000 ? otherwise ho should move tho-amenl mont of which he had given notice. ;» Mr;' AMSINCK suggested that the Govern- ment should not be tied down to any particular hours during'which theil» officers should. bo em-,1 Ployed; V; ' > Mr. HOOD said that it had just bpensuggosted to him that his, object would bo better attained by leaving the matter entirely in the hands of the Government, it being of course understood to what purpose tliis £2,000 was to bo applied. ' He .would, thoreforo, move that the item bo lhoreasoO by, a bum of £2,000, with a view of enabling tbo Government to shorten tho,hourfl of labour of the employes in tho Melbourne office. (Hear, hear.) The CHAIRMAN observed that it Would not bo competent to create now offices. I j ' Mr. M'CULLOCH said it would porliaps meet the case if tho vote for £23,000 wore passed, and the Government undertook to bring .down a supplemental vote for the £2,000. (Hpar, hear.) Mr. HUMFFRAY asked if the vote wore to ba taken for the purpose of increasing the' salaries ? Mr. M'OULLOCH.-No, but to anorten tho hours of labour. * ' j lWr. .nmreuitAV.-ij « .» ».-. -»?! «ir. nuiuttjvaí sam, tnat Doing the case, ho would move an amendment to the effect " that the accountant's salary bo increased to £459 a-yoar.J' ' Mr. BAILEY said if this increase woro ad- mitted m ono caso, it would bo impossible to re- fusa it in many othors. (Hear.) Tho proposal hid boon made to the Cabinet, but rejected on that ground. Mr. HUMFFRAY urged that the officer in question was a most efficient one, and that ho had to dischargo duties of a very onerous and important nature. Mr. KING thought the Committee ought to bo consistent in their votos. (Hear, hear.) Ha did Dot think thoy ought to moko invidious dis- tinctions. Notices had frequently beon sont to him that particular cases deserved consideration, but he thought in all such matters it was bettor not to intorfero with the Goxernment. (Hoar.) Mr. KEEPER said he also voted in thoso cosos on principle, and ho would, therefore, move thit tile Balary of the chief superintendent bo in- creased by £100 a year. (Hear, hear.)) The CHAIRMAN said it was not competent for the bon. member to go back oh that paiti culnr voto. l j Mr. KEEPER trusted the lion, 'member for Ballarat would allow this amendment to talc] precedence of tho one having rcforonce to the m croaso of the accountant's salary. (Hoar.) Mr. J. T. SMITH said, generally «peaking, the Government had made ample provision for its officers, but in the particular case of the superin- tendent he thought an iucrcaso niiiht advanta- geously bo allowed. A salary of £1,100 a year, exclusivo of travelling expenses, might bo con- sidered too much, but if tho salary wero reduced to £1,000 and the expenses allowed, he' thought tho justice of the case would be mot, (Hoar.) Mr. VERDON thought this suggestion ought to bo agreed to., (Hear.) Ho was satisfied tha oountry was well aware of the groat services thit had been rondered by this officer ; and ho would, therefore, move that tho salary should bo re- duced to £1,000, and in addition o distinct sum placed on the Estimates for travelling expenso? (Hear.) Mr. HARKER complained that after the course adopted with reference to tho undor secre- tary of the Chief Secretary's department, ths salary of . this gontleman should bo increased. The Bolory of tho former gontleman had been out down "by £200 a year, while there could bo no doubt the qualifications required for sueh an office wero of a higher charaotor, than thoso required for a superintendent of telegraph?. ("-No, no.") Officers might havp friends in that ' House, and no doubt tho feelings of lion, rneinbers might be worked upon ; but ho thought this course most unwise, and he should, theroforo, opposa tho increase." This gentleman had shown a sad! want of judgment in somo of his extensions J and lie (Mr. Harker) did not bolievo if ho left this office ho could obtain £500 a year elsewhere. ('< No, no.") Ho thought tho Committee ought to act consistently in thoir votes, and he should certainly oppose the increase. V <>l - "- i <. i Mr. HUMFFRAY defended Mr. MiGowan's I acts, and said that gentleman had shown great judgment in his selection of'stations. There were many applications > for> stations frPrh various dis- tricts which had not yet boon attended to; and he thought Mr. M'Gowan'doserving of particular praise for the efficient manner in' which he had conducted this branch of his duties! (Hoar.) i Mr. KEEPER believed the Chief Superinton dent would havo been spared this attack if ihi Committee had agreed to tho salary; of the under | secretary, "(Hear, hear.) It was quite refresh- ing to hear the hon. member say 119 voted on th* principie that single cases should not be singled out, when ho himself singled out a case the other night. (Laughter.) u ,; Mr. BAILEY was quite of opinion that,in dis- cussing a question of salary no personal observa- tions ought to be indulged in. 1 Ho could boar testimony to the efficiency i oft the gentleman holding the .position ^of Superintendent of¡>Tele- graphs. Mr. M'Gowan possessed an amount of information as tctho working of his department which it would bo difficult/to meet with elsa where ; and tho Government would be placed in n very difficult position if through any aceidoit tbey Bhould loso his services, Tho Government w ere quite willingtO-admitrtliat Mr. M'Gowan dOf fcerved an increase, of1 salary, but they hadi arrived at a resolution to increoso no Balarie?, and if this principle was departed from in this ' instance, an injustice would be dono to other -public officers. 1 - I; , j, J ' ' Mr. HARKER disavowed 'any jiorsonal oonsi 1 derations in the matter, and merely said-rif tho statements alluded to were true1,;this officer «r« | Hot deserving'bf 'the' praise which had been so freely accorded toibiiu. If public officers were , .themselves lnatiuinental'minducingtlioirefriends itomoye f or an increases to thoir (Bakeries, they ínust~expéoc, osoóonsequenco,' that "their offi-* ciency would bo open to comment. He thought' Mr. M'Gowan was amply paid foi his services. Mr. VERDON wished to know the ox«t ' amount of salary, as distinguished frothy ex- penses. t t ., ' " v Mr. M'CULLOCH could not give any informa- tion on the Bubjeot beyond what appeared on the Estimates. r I Mr. VERDON under theso circumstances would \oto for the amondment of the hon. member for Beechworth. He objected to tho insinuation'; of tho hon. member for Maldon. Ho had not spoken to Mr. M'Gowan for six months, Mr. JOHNSTON could assure the Committee ihat ho had no personal intorest in Mr. M'Gowan Ile was of opinion that the salary of that officer should be voted, exclusive of his tra», oiling ex- penses. It was essential to tho efficiency of hu department that ho shotild-travel frequently, and no inducement ought to bo held out to him to cm tail tho amount of his travolliiig^xponses, Mr. SERVICE thought the Inspector-General of Roads and Bridges, hold a position analogous to that of the Superintendent of Tolographs. That gentleman's ordinary travelling expenses weie about £200 per annum, lenving his salary £900. In lefcronco to what had fallen from1 the lion. memberforSfc Kilda, he might remark that ' the Government had always found it desirablo to effect a commutation of travelling eKponsos. It I might, however, bo advisable to take the) bourse suggested ,by the lion, member moving the in- ciense.' i Mr. KEEPER also objected to tho insinua- tion of the hen. member for Maldon. He had known Mr. .M'Gowan fora period of Bevon years, hut had not spoken to him on tho question of Falary. Mr. M'LELLAN opposed any iucrcoso to tho itcin. The gentleman in question was sufficiently pnidforhisservices.il ¡ _ j Mr. AMSINCK said thoro was no single de paitmont in tho public service jo well managed as that of tho tolographs. The careor'bf Mr. M'Gowan had beon an uninterrupted »success. He would havo been glad to lind that tho Rail- way Department was as well managed, lie re- gretted tho observations of the lion, momber for Maldon, who appeared to know little of 'tho duties performed by Mr. M'Gowan, \i> - > Mr. WOODS wanted to know wbother tho Telegraph Department was a political institution, and whether its oxtonsion depended on political influences ? Mr. KEEPER adopted the proposition that the ' salary should bo £1,000 per annum, oxclusivo of» travelling oxponses, ? ( , The amendmont was then put, and negatived. M A dit ¡Bion was culled for, but on it being asosr tained that there waa ! an ..actual majority, the Committee resumed without dividing. ' Mr. GREEVES protested against tliHoourse ; it was quite now to lum. If a division was called for it ought to be taken. ;i > ' Mr. O'SHANASSY suggested that, cwhon a division was taken, bon. members shouldgo into the lobbies,,and the anomaly coniplainedof, as well as othors he could name, would bo avoided. The'CHAIRVIAN said'the practico hod arisen during the present session, and ho had more than once complained of it. Hon. members ought not to call for a division unloss they really wished ' ono^ and, when called for it ought to be takon. , The ¡item was thon, agreed to. , On the motion that tho sum of £400 bo granted for the salary'of an accountant and clerk, Ci 'Mr. HUMFFRAY moved that the item bo postponed; with n view to increase. Ho had been informed, and i the statement w as no w confirmed by tho hon. tho Postmaster-General, that the original intention was to increase the snlary of thov fcentlo-* man holding tho position of accountant m this i department, i Tho salaries of accountants in , 1 other offices varied from £600 to £700, per an- num. , , r Mr.' HARRISON thought that tho whole of 'the amount recoived from the Telegraph Depart- ment should bo expended in mcroasingMts effi . ciency. It ought to yield no profit totthoi Go- vernment. I i , 0MMr. M'CULLOCH suggested that top whola vote of £23,000 should bo taken with à yiow to re-distribution, > i ~1'* J 'Mr. KEEPER thought tho suppletftentary vote proposed by the Government was insufficient to meet the requirements. Ho hoped the Post- master-General would look narrowly into . tho working of the department, and provide such assistance as would prevent tho health1'of tho officials being injured by too close application to their duties. j Mr. HOOD, thought this was the fitting timo to movo his amondnicnt. . , Mr. M'CTJLLOCH assured the bon.,member for Belfast that his amendmont would hot meet the object desired. Tho Government wore willing to meet his views as far as possible in the Supple- mentary Estimates, which would be submitted to the Committeo. The amendment was not pressed, "¿nd" the question was put and agreed to. DEPARTMENTAL CONTINGENOIIH'! " ' *w««í0ULL?°iIí m5ved that *H'»To£ £260,000 bo granted for departmental cBntingon cics. Great inconvenience had anson in formar years by the sums voted for tho various depart- ments being unequally distributed, Und \rhile toa much was given to some, there wos'too small au amount for others. The GovernmontJ'ln order to moot this difficulty, proposed that' by an order of the Governor in Council tho Executive might transfer the balanco from one department to another, by which 'means tho Government believed a considerable saving would bo effected. The Government asked for £21 OOJ less than had been voted in former years! ' Mr. WOODS poiuted out that tho gentleman framing theso contingent expenses 'hodoTidontly put down tho atoms at -haphazard,1 and had evinced an extraordinary partiality for, cortaio sums. For instance, the amount of ¿lOB wos.men tioned no loss Ulan 15 times, and under'incon gruous circumstances, thus-there was a sum of £462 for an " untiro horse," and a similar amount for gas, also for tho . publication^ maps, and the purchase of animals. Tho sum of, £10 was mentioned H times, £02 nineteen times, and £925 thirtcrn times. (A laugh.) | ,u j, Mr.N M'OULLOOH oxplainod that' t-he sums originally on the Estimates wero 8 per oont. in excess of thoso now proposed, and the pecu- liarity of the amounts was occasioned 'by' a, re- duction of this per ccntago all round. i-n ' Mr. BROOKE thought there 'Wos'a constitu- tional principio involved in the manner, tho .Go- vernment proposed to deal, with this voto for i contingencies, and ho would ask tile Committoa whether they wero prepared to sanction, n-roto of £266,000 to bo dealt with precisely as the, Mini- stry of tho day pleased ? It was the duty of tho Committee to oxnmlne in detail the cost of every publio department, and to know tho real amount of tho contingencies. To accede to tho. proposi- tion of the Government would bo to surrondor the functions of a Committee of Supply into the hands of the Ministry. I i < Mr. AMSINCli wished to know on what prin- ciple tho leductiou of 8 per cent was mado, Mr. M'OULLOOH said a saving'to that extent was effected last joar, but while'somp depart- ments had too lnige a turn voted to thom, it was necessary to como down and ask for o supplemen- tary vote for others. Tho proposition of the Go- vernment was merely intondod to, provont this necessity. , -, Mr. HOOD was also opposed to the)pian of distribution proposed, by tho , Government. Tailing the contingencies for polico, foroxiimplo, if the sum or nuy part of it wns not required in that department, £2,000 or any other sum might be transferred to tho office of tho Chief Secretary without coming to Parliament for its sanction. ' ' Mr. O'SHANASSY was quite aware 'of tho difficulty mentioned by tho lion, tho Treasurer but thought the Government might havo devisad somo better means of relieving themselves of it. Tho proper courso would havo been for tho heads of departments in making up tho'Estimates to hove sent for their accountants, and ascertained from thom what tho Incidental exponsos had boon from year to"year. The difficulty ho1 ¿aw wo«, that Parliament would never be in a position to' know the actual cost of each department, inas- much as the, Government could transfer; tho amounts for one department to another. For in- stance, the travelling expenses for tho rJoliob'do portment might bo put down at too low a sum, and tho Government might tako the money voted for contingencies for the Lunatic Asylum, and apply it to the polico. He noticed a great differ- ence in the items set forth under this, hoad, as compared with thoso submitted to himself and colleagues, ami ho thought tho Committeo should adopt tho courso of voting each item separately. Ho could not understand tho principlov.on-whioh tho reduction of 8 per cent, all round tros made. Was there a reduction to that extent in the cost of " entire horses ?" Tho consideration 'of tho Estimates was thocheok which Parliainent'plaocd on the Ministry in controlling the public expendi- ture, and he must oppose any such innovation as that now attempted. ' ' , 1 I ' , Mr. M'OULLOOH pointed out that'th'o G» vcrnmont did not propose that any ono Mlrilstor should havo the power of transferring the Surplus in any other department ,to his own. Ho could only do so l?y the concurrence of t)|o Gabinot. Mr. HARKER thought the ' proposal, of'the Government waa a mistake. The Committoo'of , Supply took upon itself the .duty of considering every item of the publio expenditure in'.detail*' < and were they now to hand ever qbovo a quarter of a million of money, to be dealt With as'tho Government of tho day thought propel*? -Ho' could seo no objection to supplementary Esti- mates being submitted to the Houso if occasion, required. Thora would be no ono rcsppnslb'ln'fpr . tho expenditure of this large num. fttwis true that there would bo on account of it« appropria tion'prepared annually, but the'Ministry might then bo out of office, and where, would be their responsibility theil? " ' , , ' , Mr. SERVICE explained that the method proposed by the Government, which amalga- mated, to a certain oxtent, the contingencies tor the sovon or eight departments of the service, would effect a saving of £21,000, which could be expended on roods and bridges. It was at pro sont the practice, and had been so for years, to transfer in any particular department -items undor one head to items uuder anothor. (" No, no.") Well, in the polico department there was £30,000 divided into 10 or 12 items under the legal control of the head of the department; and it had always been the practice for' that ?Ministor, when it was found necessary to supplement the , deficiency of one »item hy tho surplus' of 'another, to do soVith out consulting his colleagues. Suoh'< ques- tions wore, of course, submitted « to the I Exe- cutive Council, but they did not form subjoots ' for discussion in the Cabinet. It was absurd to say that Parliament was not informed asi to the gode of expending such contingent votes, be- cause they were always brought down to the Hoüso for their consideration, and they Wara generally based upon tho experience ' of past years. In most cases the sums, as set down ifor each4 department, would be so expended, but it was nocessary to make some provision for excep- tional cases, which wore not likely to occur except vo.y rarely. Ho trusted hon. members would form a bettor opinion of the 'mode ia which the .Government proposed to expend the sum for contingencies, and which ho was con- vinced would bo found to work better than'the old system. » . ' J ' I Mr. GREEVES gave thoGovernmentfull credit for desiring to economise, but. did not, approve of the proposed arrangement. The proposition was to establish a precedent, and, as'ho con ' siderod, a very dangerous one, for it would allow . the Government to exorcise a power by wjiioh thoy could set at naught the control of the Ilotiso. Besides whioh, the plan rendered the 28tli'olause of the Act entirely nugatory, for in that olause the Commissioners of Audit wore em- powered to sanction the payment of such Estimates only as had been considered by tbo Houso. clause by clause, and item by item. '(Hear.) .Tho bon. tho President of Land 'and Works appeared to have lost sight'of tho fact that the instiihcas ho quoted took place beforo the establishment of an Audit-office, and could not, theroforo,.apply to tho present system. The fact, too, that tho act- ing heads ofi the department wore aware that i thcie was a large floating sum in the public Ticasury for the payment of ( contingencies, was not very likely ' to produce a practical 'economy. ' (Hear, hear.)1 But when thoy know that a fixed Bimi was set down for each department, the knowledge would act as a check in their roooin mcndatioiiB for expcudituio to the permanont ' head of the department. (Hear, hear.) Mr. O'SHANASSY considered the saving ex- pected by the lion. President of Land and Works was quito problematical.' Under the old system the head or each department was tied down to a certain expouditure, and if ho saw the necessity of obtaining an extra sum, ho was obliged to go down to the House and givo satisfactory roasous 'for its being voted. (Hear, hoar.) Ho (Mr. O'shanassy) viewed the question boforo the Oom niittee as a constitutional, question, which might bo follow ed eithor for good or Cor bad. ' Ho hoped tho Houso would ndhero to the strict rulp whioh was at present in force. , , i ' Mr. JOHNSTON also thought, tho plan sug- gested by the Government would form a dangerous precedent. Tho Ministry might just ns well come down to tho'' llouáe and ask for t sum of money to bo laid out intvhtttovor mannar thoy might think proper, . I" Oht oh.' ) - Thay would have a power, over whichjtherowould bj no control whatever, and m starving ono donar. ment for the benefit of another thuy would be to use a common phrase-robbing Peter to pay Paul, mid many lion, uiombera who , had a groat rcBpectfor Peter would not boco partial'to P.tul.' (Hear, hoar.) ' ( J J i J ' Mr. PYKE said it was not improbable, as the vote nulnod was only an approximate ono, that it would bo necessary to ask for an additional 8 'por cent. He assorted that as it had always bcon found that in one department there would bo a deficiency, while in another the sum voted for contingencies would not bo fully cxpondod,' there must bo somo margin left to tho Govern- ment. For ab 8 per cent, had already boon taken off, if the limits according io the old sys- tem woro to be unaltorablo, the Government' would bo compelled to como down to the Housi and ask for an additional £21,000 to supplomont those departments which required additional expenditure. , I Mr. M'OULLOCH said that if the Houso ob- jected to tho vote, tho Government would hava to withdraw it in order to bring it down in an altorcd form, and then it would Im fnnnil -. .--«. ..., «..« v.,u» ,v Hvuiu UU IUUUU that anothor £¿0,000 would be required. I Mr. HARKER thought if the Estimates for contingencies showed a saving of 8 per cent., tho Houso could not do wrong m passing thora iu their original state. If tbo ground taken up by the Hon. the Treasurer was correct, the Govern- ment would bo safe in asking for any additional sum that might bo required. ii, , Mr. M*CULLOCH.--Tho 8 percent, had bean deducted from tho Estimates prepared, by the lion, membor himself. . ' ' , Mr. AMSINCK could not understand, if 8 nor cent, liad boen deducted, bow it was that£2l,000 moro was required. Mr.' SERVICE oxplainod tho difference whioh would bo caused in tho distribution of tho sum if it wero yoted in. globo. ¡ , 0. > Mr. O'SHANASSY contended that, as tho Estimates Btood, if any deficiency v¡era, unido apparent, it WPB tho duty of tho Government' to adduce satisfactory proofs in support of any ad- ditional expenditure, and no doubt the House v ould approve of them. Mr. SERVICE.-Tho lion, member admitted that no money could bo obtained except by coming down to tho House The question wai, then, what mai gin should bo allowed to the bond» of departments / Ho did not think it was ad- visable to restrict the distribution of tho vote to such a nicoty. Mr. HOOD did not look upon tho question ni one of 8 por cent., moro or loss, It was a ques- tion of principle-whothor tho Committôo was to abrogate its function to oxorciso a control ovoi» the oxpondituro of votes of this nature ? {Hear, hear.) Besides which, the now pinn was' in diroct opposition to the 28th chumo, and ho did nit think it was correct towards the othor branoh of the Legislature to mnko such an alteration. Mr. M'OULLOCH then said tho Govorumon' .would withdraw the vote, for the purposo of sub' mitring a fresh estimate to the House. " ADDITIONAL ESTIMATES FOR 1860. H.OYAL MINT. Mr. M'OULLOCH moved that tho sum of £15,000 bo voted to defray tho cost of tho maehi noiyoftho Mint to bo established in Victoria. As tho intention of tho Legislature had already been expressed in favour of the establishment of a Mint m this colony, it was necessary to som! homo the sum requisite for tlint purpose. Inroplyto a question from Mr. Amsitick, Mr. M'OULLOCH said that of course no stop* would bo taken towards tho establishment of a Mint until tho consont of tho homo Govornmont to sond the nocessary machinery had been ob- tained. Mr. O'SHANASSY wished to know whothor this colony was in sufficient credit at home to per- suado the Imperial Government to send out tho nccossary machinery ? also, what class of Mint it was proposed to establish, what numbor of cificers would be sent for, and othor details Î Mr. M'OULLOCH.-It was riot likely that the homo Govornmont would invest in the purchase of machinery, unless tho money was, sent to them. AB to the numbor of officers, that would to entirely a question for the Imperial Govern- ment. Dr. EVANS was understood to say that tho 'whole postal contract was paid for in London long before any remittance was sent from tho colony. (Tho remaindor of tho bon. gentleman's «peech, was inaudible in the gallery.) Mr. PYKE considered that tho wish of this country to establish a Mint had been plainly ex- pressed ; and if the intention was a lona fide one, it was advisable to proceed with the businojs without dolay. It was necessary, in order to obtain tho requisite machinery, to remit ti» purchascmoney. The sum proposed was £15,000, which was the actual cost of tho machi- nery in the Sydney Mint. Ho questioned who- thor a further sum would not bo roquirod to defray the expense of freight, officers' passages, and othor oxpenBes. Tho cost of the buildings which would bo requirod had boon estimated: The deputy- master and the superintendent of the bullion-room would havo to live on tho spot, und buildings would have to be construotoi for them. The cost of thoso buildings would bo £25,000. The passages for ,tho officer". and their salaries would swell the amount to £45,000. So that when on the first occasion h) had mentioned £60,000, ho had been rather over the mark than under it. , Ho thought the Govorn- mont wero quite right in asking the Houso for .-£60,000 for the establishment of an institution ..which would provo one of the greatest blessing! to tho country. (" Ob, oh," and " Hear, hear. ) , Dr. EVANS thought it would bo proper to consult tbo Govornmont of Now South Walo? in the matter. Very likely they., would bo willing to transfer ' their old machinery atl a.Tn.considcrablo¡mreduotlon upon tho 'original oxpondituro, for thoy had, no'doubt, found aMint'was a costly bauble. Ifmot, ho wjw miito sure'the, colonists would oro lpng bo, con- vinced that thoy might as woll throw the money required for tho whole expense into the'Rivor, Yarra. {"Oh,oh.;») .. i .'J .ti Mr. PYKE begged to remark that the Sydney popple wero so pleased with their bauble,that they now declared they did not want any gold for coinage from Victoria. (Hear.) ' ' Mr. KING did not think it comported with tho dignity of the Houso, after they had passed a definite resolution to establish a Mint, for bon. members to stultify them- selves on account of nny notions which the1 lion, member for Avoca (Dr. , Evans) might choose to indulge in. If it wero necessary to remit £15,000, the sooner it was sent the bettor. Ho could not understand such opposition from hon. members who, whon tho question was first mooted, tacitly assented to (lie proposition. (Hear, hoar.) i ' Mr. JOHNSTON expressed his suiprise that the discussion should be opened up afresh. Tho lion, member for Avoca might oswell re-introduco n resolution that it was necessary to provide pen* Mons for suporanuated Ministois. (Laughter.) The ícsolution to establish a Mint had boen passed by the House, und it only remained to take the best steps to carry out the , objoot. (Hear, hear.) i ^ Mr. SERVICE observed that "baublo" was i ct the word made uso of in tho Vice- regal speech, in which the late Government had takon i redit to thomsolvcs for calling attention to tho question of establishing a Mint. (A lough.) Tho vote was then agreod to. , BATTERIES FOB, HOBSON'S BAY.' A vote of £'),00D, 'which also appealed in tho Supplementary Estimates, for I tho erection of batteries on the shores of Hobson's Bny^in oo coidonco with tho recommendations of the Defence Commission, was earned without oppo- sition. < i , Mr. O'SHANASSY inquired when tho items for roads and bridges would bo proceeded with. r l ' I > ' Mr. M'OULLOOH sakU'tho Estimates for municipalities would bo takon the following day, and thoso for roods and bridgos would como next in order. Tho CHAIRMAN then íepoited progiess, and the House resumed. > i i i REGISTRATION ACT AMENDMENT BILL. Tho House next went into Committeo on this - Bilu till The socond, third, and fourth clauses, as undor, woro agreed to:- > 'lull ' ' ," II. Tho rolls ia force on tho thirty-first day of December, in the year one thousand eight hun- dred and fifty-nino, shall huvo tho some fprco, and be dealt with in the samo manner a*B if they wore tho alphabetical lists mentioned in tho 12th soction of tho said Act. t ,.,.., '' III, So much, of tho'said section os ¡ relates to tho printing of <tho lists mudo-out under tho provisions therpof,,and so muoho^f tho said soc- tion as relatcsxo the advertisement, transmission,, disposition, and sale of the printed copies of such lists ; and so muah of tho 20th section of tbe said Act as requires the, registrars to cause the names on the rolls to bo arranged in alphabetical order, and lo prefix to overy name in such rolls a number, and 'to .cause copies of, tho said rolls! to bo printed, shall not bo in force during tho.yoor one thousand oîght hundred nhd'sixty. L " IV.' In lieu of the original papors s§iit in by the collectors, ^vhiph,! by tlio loth soction of tho siiid Act the registrar, is required to pcoduc^at tho revision court, tho rogistrar shall produco,at Mich court the rolls mentioned m the second sec lion of this Act." .1 j i On Clause5, i - i)u £.;,.,! Mr. WOOD stated that certain alterations had boen made in this clause, nt tho suggestion of the bon. member for Kilmore, with ' a viow to save tho reprinting of tho lists for tho catiro colony after each revision, ín answer to Mr. Grooves, Mr. WOOD stated that no doubt in oortain districts it might happon that the rolls woro out of print, # and, in such cases, thoro would bo no ob- jection for such rolls to bo supplied. i After, an observation from Mr. O'SHA- NASSY, ' ' Mr. »NICHOLSON said tho object of thô clause |Was to savq,the cost ,of j roprinting thó general roll foi; tho colony. 'Ifj^iówovor, in tho event of an election, it should bo found that thoro -was a diilicioney of rolls for ,a particular looolity, _ this deficiency could easily bo supplied. , , Tho clause, which (with a few verbal alterations) .was as follows, was thon agreed to :'- , -" ' " " V. Each registrar shall, as soon as ho shall have rccoivod tho roll from the clerk; of tho Court ,of Petty Sessions rov ¡sing such list, mako ' out a catalogue of all persons whoso names shall by such court havo been insortcd in, the hhts , under revision by .such court, and another cataloguo of nil persons wbose names idinll havo been expunged by such' oourt , iiom such list, together with: tho Jnumbors piefixcd to suoh last-mentioned names, and shall causo tho names in each such cataloguo to bo arranged in alphabetical order, and shall cause a sufficient number of copies of such catalogues to bo printed, and shall forthwith transmit a printed copy of each of such catalogues signed by himself, in the foims marked (A) and (B) in thcschodulo to this Act annexed, to the roturning- offipqr; and the same shall bo furnished to persons applying for them in the same manner as by tho said Act is required with respect to copies of the said roll." Clauses G and 7, as follow, wero also > agrood to :- . " VI. Tho sovoral courts of potty sessions mentioned in tho second schedulo to tho said Aot shall, on tho fust Monday iu tho month, of January, in tho year 18(31, and in each succeed- ing year, proceed to select and appoint collectors, in tho same manner as is required by such sec- tion ; but any collector now or horoafter, to bo appointed shall ' bo eligible to bo ro- appointod And in case any collector appointed under tin mid Act shall d10, or resign, rofuso 01 become in- capable to act, tho court of'petty sessions by .whom ho shall have been appointed shall, as soon as possible, appoint pomo other fit and propar person to be collector in his stead. ,,, " VII. Tho word ' this ' occurring in the 35th bcction of tho said Act boforo tho w ord ' year,' Miall bo read as if the word ' each' lind,boon in- serted instead thoreof." Mr, GRAY inquired whothor this was tho tinto to bring up a now clause to follow the sixth! ' . Tho CHAIRMAN said the lion, mombor was too late. . 1 Mr. .GRAY said ho had no desire ,to stand alono, and ho should liko to ascortain from Ministers and tho other members of the Houso iheir views upon this subjoct. The clauso he desired to add, was to limit tho action of tho Bill to sk months. Mr. SERVICE considered the lion, membor out of order in introducing tho question. Ho ?would hayo an opportunity of doing so on the re- committal of the Bill. The CHAIRMAN rulod that tho Won. member was in order. ' Mr. GRAY contended that voluntary registra- tion was not to be reliod on, and unless tho registration could be effectual, tho principio of universal suffiago would not bo propon/ oarried out. It was not unlikely that, at the omi' of tho year, thoio would bo a gonoral elootion, and, therefore, tho contingency to which ho had re- ferred, ho contended, should bo duly 'guardod against. ¡ Mr. NICHOLSON said the lion, mombor appeared anxious for an expression of opinion irhother tho voluntary Bystcm of registration should continue, or whether the Qovoromont should adopt a system of registration by collec- tion. Anybody, ho (Mr. Nicholson)'thought, would bo exceedingly rash to pledgo himself one «ray or tho other, nr the prcsont stato of thing*, »ceing that the Houso had appointed a.Commit- tee to investigate the matter fully. Ho' would not pledgo himself as to what courso ho should tako until that Committee had mado its, roport. In the inoantimo, it might bo well to state that provision was mudo for tho continuance in foroo of the former Act, providod no other stops wero taken by tlio Legislature. Ho, thorefoio, Baw 110 necessity for limiting the action of the Bill to «ii months, as tho House would bo at perfoot libprty to supersede the measure in one or twolvo months, as it' pleased. ' ' Tho BnTwnB then reportod to the House. IlEsrONSIBLB MINISTERS 1ITJ.II. , Upon the order ol the day for tho second read- ing of this Bill being called on, ? ir,-.- ' Mr. WOOD stated, that as ho understood that tho Bill had been irregularly initiated, inasmuch na, t oing a money Bill, it had not boon origínate J in Committee, ho should, by permission of tho House, move that the order of the day bo dis,;, charged, and the Bill bo withdrawn from'the notico-papor. ' - ' Mr. BROOKE thought the practico of the Houso would bo conformed with if the clause re- lating to tho salary was struck out, and the salary voted in Committee afterwards. Mr. WOOD apprehended tho House had te deal with the Bill as it was at present, 1 . The motion was put and carried. < NATIONAL BANK OF AUSTRALASIA AKBtCO ', MENT BILL, ' ,. ' In the absenco of Mr. Michie, Mr. CALD- WELL moved tho third reading of this Bill. u| y l The motion wai put and carried. Tita Bill Vra? rood a third time and passed, and a message- or- dered to be sent to the Legislative CounpjLro questing their consent to it. . . - aOLD JXBLD8 AOT AMÏITOMEHT'inUft.ri" , Mr. WOODS moved that tho motior/ibt&natnr; in his namo, to the effect that a copy, of, thia Bill haloid upon the table of tho Houso within 19 j ^m'^^da]^^ - On tho motion of Mr. WOOD ti.» vrs dischargedfromthe noUc*paper rcso'ul!oa BARRISTERS AND ATTORNEYS MLI On tho motion of Mr. KEEFER tv. reading of the Barristers and Attain», VW^l erdcreS to take precedence of ouA*"1,*« day on Thursday next. Ters »' the FEDERAL UNION. In the nbsenco of Mr. Duffi» "..j tion of Mr.BROOKE, thëc^l(?ll»Bo progress report of the' Federal ÄÄ0'11» ro- tponed until the following doy.^'"»w« VICTORIAN RAILWAYS, « TH°°J\m0V°d'pursuant to notice :~ lhat a Select Committeo be amm». i, qni.ro into* the management of tiXSF to¡» Chief Engineer of the Victorian A''?1.0/ power to oxamino .witnesses, ami "31 ,**.. »ith io oonsiBt ot Mr. Amsinck, Mr R^i m«> Caldwell, Mr. Francis, Mr.Hcaícs A * Dr. Macadam, Mr., Reid, Mr! &! T». mover ; five to form a qurjrum." ' and u* Tho hon. ^member then stated that "n , lengthened debate on the previous 0vL> ',» sublect contained in his mcSA^««» . Of the Government not to ODDMHt,m^K ' ment of the Committee- PP °tho <WH Mr. NIOHOLSON.-No, no such this, Mr. HOOD.-It was distinctly staJ"i «. horn, the Treasurer that the GovernTli*5 ',S not oppose the appointment of the c02iould Mr, M'OULLOOH said ho had noTT such statement. . What ho statedVnAl? HOUBO thought proper to aunoint ti?,'r"' '.f lhe Mr. HOOD stated tlmton ti eprovrol ' . the conversation wasof such adesuîteTeS* that he boheved the members of thrrÖowrÄ did not recollect everything tillT?!"1 was not alone'in tho belief that the GoieL , modo a distinct pledge not to offer nnv onS nt hut that theyVouli abide by the "ep0Toft' bXhTuTCommission'J,en «^WÄ The SPEAKER stated the lion mnmW out of order in referring to a former Sto m Mr. HOOD Bnid ho was doubtful whether lh» Government objected to the Conn iiiT. noroly to tho'names of tho hon.mêmtL°r it. Without further remark, 1 e",ould mZ the resolution standing in his name. ° Mr. .KEEFERsoconded the motion Mr. NICHOLSON said tho bon. member 1*1 When the vote for tho Engincer- in'Chleftd 5 mtnt "as before the Committeo, tried to S tho Government to support the appointment rf. Committeo, and had tried to male iu co» ¡t n° that if tho Estimate was passed, the ConiS should bo appointed Ho (Mr.' Nicholl] w pointed out that tho Government wouldT? pledge themselves to such appointment ¡ but Z might now say that it ' was not their IntentionZ oppose the resolution, ¡and also that the Oovern merit would never bo parties to ranko a riedT of tho nature required by tho lion, member on the previous evening. Ho had also stated that as loiig as tho Cïvil Service ComrnS existed, ho thought it Mould not bo courtewTto the gentlemen forming, that Commiísion, toan point a Committeo to inquire into a matter con- nected v.ith tho Government expenditure! but i ho had since mndo inquiries of tlio members of the Commission, and had ascertained from them that they, did not consider tho department of the Engmeer-in-Chief included in the range of their inquines ns it was not a permanent department so that they had no objection to a Committeo o the Houso being appointed. He wished that tho ninnes of Mr. Grooves and Mr. Verdon should bo added to thoso already on tho Committee aid if the bon. member would consent te that proposition, the Government would not oppose tho resolution. ' ' Mr. O'SHANASSY supported tho resolution, on tlio ground stated by him on tho previous cien "¡.6-jbnt if the Committeo thought tho number of officers employed in tho Engineer-iii-Cliicf'i cepartment too gi cat, a Committeo oflnquirr thould bo appointed. Ho would like to kno» from the lion, the movor whether tho inquirí would be confined to that subject alone, ns there wnsahcady a Committeo appointed to inquirí! into the working of the Victorian Uailnajs. Mr. L. L. SMITH suggested that tho nama Of Mr. Carpontor and Mr. Humffray bo added to the Cpmmittco. , Mr. HOOD, in reply to tho question of the lion, member for Kllmoro, Baid that ho intended the Committeo to oxtend its inquiries into tho wholo management of tho Engiiieer-in-Chicfsde pni tment, and into matters which tho Commitlco «hendy appointed could not inquire into, as the/ were limited to tim fontrnpto Tim """"""i ni "vio ."."H.U HI mu UIUUUI.UJ. Alio ponera« tas Committeo ho proposed would not extend lo the w orbing of the line, but simply to the depart- ment ho had mentioned. Mr. AMSINCK thought the powers of the Committee should bo extended, so that varioiui matters might bo reported on without being dis 'ctisstd in tho House, Mr. O'SHANASSY said that tho present Com- mittee had been appointed to inquire into the condition of the Geelong and Mount Alexander line, and ho should 'therefore' suggest lliat the proposed Committee, confine themselves mere]; to the department of the Engineer-in-Chlcf, as regarded the vote on tho Estimates. Mr. HOOD said ho would confine their pomrj simply to that subject, and would moto tlint.the words "into the vote under Bub-division No 4, pago 50, of the Estimates," bo substituted for the words 'the manngonioüt," in the resolution. Mr. FRANCIS suggested that tho word" ei penso" should bo insorted instead of " niansge ment," as it would causo a distinction between the inquiries of the two Committees. Mr. BROOKE thought, if another Ballway Committee^ was appointed, they should inquire into the w orking of the present lines as nella! the department of the Enginecr-in-Cliief, as con- siderable complaints lind been made of the manner in which the accounts wcic kept, and the line generally managed. He should suggest that tho words ''actual woilting of the Uno" be em- bodied in the icsolution. Mi. HOOD would not consent to that arrange- ment, as hu could not sparo time to attend to» Committee if it had so many matters to inquire into. ' " > Mr. BAILEY thought thoro was an objection to tho appointmont of nnothcr Committco on the working of the lino, and that the object of tim Houso would bo attained by limiting the inquiry morely to tho Engineer's department. Mr. Hood was about to mako some remarks, when tho Speaker reminded the lion, member that ho had already spoken several times. The resolution, as amended by Mr. Hood, va then passed, tho numes of Mr. Grcevcs and Mr. Verdon being added to the Committee, Tho Houso adjourned at 10 minutes to li o'olock, until 4 o'clock on the following (this) day., 