SYDNEY.. (From our City Correaspondent.) Sydney, 9th October; 1860. Tna upper branch of the Legislature met on Wednesday last, and after a little preliminary business voted itself a weeks' holiday. Of their "acts and deeds" there iathere fore nothing to chronicle. The church of England Pro. vincial Synod Bill, which was intimated in the Council, will come on for reading on Thursday, the 11th instant. A Bill has been introduced authorising the Muster in Equity and Chief Commissioner in Insolvency to issue writs of summons during the absence of the Judges from Sydney. This will remedy a defect which has at times pressed sorely on individuals, who have found themselves about to be swindled by an absconding creditor, without being en abled, through the absence of the judges, to put the law in motion. In the Assembly every question sinks into insig nificance, compared with that of the land. The second reading of the Crown Lands Alienation Act was moved in a long speech by MIr. Robertson on Thursday last, who was permitted, for the purpoeo of fully explaining to the HTouse the Land Policy of the Government, to hand over and :comment on the provisions of the twin bill-the Crown Lands Occupation Act. The opposition, who acted so little in concert, and so closely assimilate to a body in which every man does that which is lawful and right in his own eyes, were unprepared to go on with the debate and moved a series of adjournments. At last Mr. Deniehy came to the rescue and saved the house the reproach of passing the second reading of such an important measure without dis c`ssion.' His speech was sarcastic and at times .brilliant, but it 'was not a telling one. It lacked preparation, it displayea extensive reading on the general subject but evideniced that the speaker had not sufficiently studied the details ofthe bill,-it was the speech of the advocate who had left to the last moment the perusal of his brief. Mr. Gray iollowedin a clear and appropriate speech which was true to his inrdtct. The speakers on Friday evening were Messrs. Egan, Campbell, Blask and Hoskins --four no nentities. Egan and Canlpbell acted as such, Black laboured hard in a three hours speech to prove that he had been for a time erroneously classified otherwise, and Hoskins consumed a similar period of time in the vain hope of persuading the country to join in the opinion that he really was some one. To parties at a dis tanee who cursorily glance over the parliamentary debates, he may appear to occpy the attention of the house pnd to be a sturdy and outspoken, if not, polished representa tive but by those'Inearer the scene of action, 'and by the house itself lheij received with positive disgust, and when the in terests osis" constituents require that he should be heard they will find that their representative stands as a ore ct pratereaz?nihil.' The debate will be resumed this evening by Mr. lorris, whose general and consequently impracticable motions have no chance of 'catching the ear of the house. Tl~ rfi{ iple embodied in his resolutions niny be right enought, t':the6idea of forcing them on the attention of an ultra- dem?oeriatic'assemnbly"is simply absurd. The resolutions however will introduce some novelty, and perhaps a little animation into the debate. ,: The Government are preparing a new commission of the peace at last, so said Mr. Robertson ii e'ply to a question put to him on Tuesday lust. Its appearance may probably be looked forvard to with the apponch of tli? Greek Kolends. A motion from Mr. Lucas as to the desirability of introducing a bill 'to regulate the' immigration of the Chinese by impost or other restrictions was carried by ai division of 23 to 16. On Wednesday, on themotion-of Mr. Weeks a bill was introduced for abolishing the duty on 'gold, it wvs then passed through all- its stages and ordered to be.tralismitted to the Council .' Butler's"trial on the 'charge of obtaining cattle under false prentences from Mr. Lindon, tcrminated late on Saturday, after occupying the Court three days and re sulted in hisbeing found guilty. He was'sentenced to ththree years'hard labourin Parramatta gaol."':Yissterday his trial comnmenced in the charge of obtaining nioney on false pretences from Mr. Dillon, but broke dow.i tod-day as thli judge (Wie )'ruledtlhit the agreement constituted a' deed of ipartnership. Fancy `this deed having been drawn specially by Lieut. W. Manning, to prevent' its being con structed into a partnership. A point of law is reservedin the first case, to this effect-wlhethier the delivery of the cattle took place before the payment was made to Lindon. If it should be held to be so by the full court,. of course the prisoner will bI discharged. It now appeiars certain, that the loss of life at the late great fire was confined to two two men. The cost of restoring .the Thlicatre is estimafed at £11;000, and as. there are clauses in the'leases of the adjoining properties reducing the respective'rents one half when the Theatre is closed, there can be but little doubt of the wherewithal being pro curable. The present landlord, Mr. Laycock was guaranteed' by. the vendor, Mr. Neale, twelve months rental of the property and five of the time are unexpired. The Sydney Morning Herald of this day contains a tel.e. gramn from .lMaitland stating that the Hinton Hlotel,''at Hinton,! has been totally destroyed by fire, the building was a wooden one. The family narrowly escaped - The brig,Spray, belonging to Mr. H. Moore, of Moore's Wharf, and which left Sydney on the 27th ultimo for Hong Kong, has returned to harbour .under the charge of the chief officer. It appears that on the let inst., -the master. Mr.-Joseph-Moore who is brother of tlhe ouner deliberately shot himself in the head by means of a pistol. The whole .of?the right side of the head was blown away. : Ample tes timony was given at the inquest of the depression, of 'spirits under which the deceased was suffering, and hi?s temperance since leaving this port. The verdict was that of suicide under temporary insanity. A. lecture wae delivered last evening before the St. Benedict's Yonng Men's Society, by the Rev. J. Forrest, C.C., who has lately arrived from Rome to undertakethe Rectorship 'of' St.' John's College. 'The subject was " ducation in the Papal States." ' The lecturer quoted. a large mass of figures to show that, relatively, education in the Papal States was far more generally diffused, was of a superior description, and procurable at a less cost than in England and Scotland--that tliere wero more Universities and,Prefessors, and that the cost of obtaining a diploma was hardly equal to that of thei parclhment. He asserted that-the teaschers'of education in Italy were well qualified and quoted a .late return whiclh stated thliat ipwards of seven hundred teachers in Eniglaind vere. unable to algn 'theirown nanmes. Thl peculiar feature of the meeting as indicative of the feeling of the audience, was, that all that was said in favor of Italy was loudly, applauded and, not Sess io all that was' said derogatory of English universities, colleges, and schools.-That priest-ridden Italy contains maore universities and Professors that independent and liappy England, it required no wise man to come expressly from Rome to teach us, andas to his assertion backed by statistics, that'education is superior and more. generally diffused and sought after in the former country, it is aug: gestive of the saying that"' figures may be made to .prove anything." Dr Forrest is a man apparently of fifty-five, stout and somewhat under the average height, vith, a square pleasing yet inexpressive'. face and a hfli intel lectual head. - Yesterday was oppressive and ?sultry, and towards evening we had tle.first suburban bushfire of the season. 