BUSH FIRES. ; Should- now. be. guarded against, especially on those runs where there is much grass. It is a - mis taken notion to suppose that burning is advantage ous. It iB never so except inrough scrubby country or where'there is old swamp grass that nothing will eat. Bush-fires destroy much of the grass, ana all the seeds that might spring up and improve tho pasture. Bush fires throughout past ages in these colonies have done incalculable mischief in prevent ing the formation of a surface of vegetable mould. Every form of vegetable life, has been continually destroyed, and the ashes swept away by the floods. It is this, more than anything else, that has con tributed to keep the Boil of Australia from becoming enriched by decayed vegetable matter. The author ities should again make known the heavy penalties to which parties making careless use of fire are lia ble, and the whole press of the colony should cau tion the public, but especially carriers and travel lers, not to leave their camp fires unextinguished. Where grass is very tall, the only way to -prevent its universal destruction is to burn, narrow strips early in the season, then should one division catch fire the rest may be saved. Bush fires may often be put out with boughs, if the day is calm ; - but the best time to do it effectuallyis by night, - when from the dampness of the herbage ; the progress of the burning is slow. When a fire has been put out, same careful persons should always go along the edge of the burned surface after dark, especially! in forest tracts, to . remove all ignited dead wood, other wise another fire is sure to spring up in the morning We observe in oiir Exhibition a model of a machine for extinguishing bnsh fires. It consists of a cylin der, supported on a frame/and two travelling wheels like those, of a cart. On the circumference of a cylinder are several loosely hanging chains. As the travelling wheels progress, they communicate a rapid progress to the cylinder, the chains being de signed to strike the fire and beat it out. The whole principle is, we think, unsound. A machine of tho kind in a hot day would become a fire distributer, for the stroke of the chain is not downwards, but in a horizontal direction, and when in rapid motion Jjiiey will throw backwards pieces of burning sticks to ignite fresh places. In any attempts to burn Jjround around homesteads, paddocks, &c.;, nothing of the kind should ever be attempted in tho morning because a breeze might spring up, as. is frequently 4he case, and increase the fire beyond control. On the other hand, if burning is undertaken in the evening, the atinosphcre at that time' is usually every moment becoming calmer, whilst the strength of the flame is gradually decreased by a slight mois ture, even in Bummer on the "grass. We are .the more particular in urging this point, because we have known old colonists publish recommendations to burn always in the morning. It is better .to avoid burning, however, and a careful manager will alwavs see that nothing of the land becomes ne- cessary.- —The Yeoman. '. The Burke AIemorial Committee — On Friday evening a meeting of this committee was held at the Aluriicipal Chambers. Present : Messrs Blackburn, Froomes, Bull, Styles, Reid, Fitzgerald, Leech, Af 'Tavish, Colles (Chairman), and the Secretary Mr H. Christophers. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed, after some slight amend ment. .The Yandoit Road Board , sent, a letter declining to give their contribution to the memorial to any other than a national fund, and another com munication was also received ; from Airs Fatherly, offering to compose a requiem if any one would send her -appropriate words. Some discussion arose oil the. latter offer, . and the thanks of the committee were ordered to. be given to Airs Fatherly.' The secretary announced that £253 were in the bank hook, and that other sums amounting to £41 had beeri paid in, but not entered. -" A great deal of dis cussion took place on the form the' memorial should take, whether monument, column, obelisk, or what,, but the general feeling appeared to be in favor of an obelisk. The ultimate .decision of the committee on the subject was however postponed. It was resolved that before this was cometo; the outlying districts, who had signified their intention of co-operating with Castlemaine, should he "requested tb , send re presentatives to the committer in ' order that they might have a voice in the decision; No other busi ness was transacted, though considerable conversa tion took place on general subjects monetary and otherwise in connection with the matter. The com mittee then adjourned for a week, Exhibition Awards. — The foUowing certificates have been awarded to exhibitors from this neighbour hood, in addition to those mentioned in our lost. Second class, Mount Alexander Red wine, F. Hirsche; ditto, Mount Alexander "White wine. Honorable mention — Lenne and Co., Red Castle maine. The building stones exhibited by the Cas tlemaine Committee, obtained honorable mention. Air Leviny was awarded a second class certificate for jewellery. Close of the Exhibition. — On Saturday even ing, the Industrial Exhibition, closed.— A! humber of remarkably fine photographs of Australian scenery have been added to tne collection.- They are the production of Air Daintree, of the Government ser vice, arid include views of Bendigoj-.Bailariit, Cas tlemaine. the new- rush' near- Navarre, ftb, ,. They, are arranged in groups, so asto present th'e scenes'' 'pourtrayed on a' somewhat bxionsive/Bcale/'ahd cer tainly, finer works of the kind "hiive not been pro- ducedin tho colony: .Burke's pistol 7 was ''shown in1 the private ' roorii set apart fur 7 the commissioners, ' rind was a source of melancholy- interest to very '' many 'visitors. 1 It is a handsome'' Colt's revolver, , No. ' 33,619. ' , It'; is . 'still'; ' loaded and . capped, ';but rusted: 1 A' sample of seed known to th'o blacks as" inard'oo was also shown. The commissioners yester day received intimation that the mo'del battery con structed at the Port Phillip Coiripany's works, Clunes had been 'despatched, i. The total weight of the consignment is twenty-one tons. Air Warden Cogdoh, of Ballarat, announced that Air Gibbs, of tho Black Hill, was ready to contribute from twenty-fivo to fifty tons of quartz, rind steps wore immediately taken to have the larger quantity brought down. This spirited example wilt he fol lowed in other quarters, though the eleventh hour has almost arrived. Captain Standish will be re quested to permit the escort to bring down small samples which may be sent in to tho wardens for transmission ; and thus parties in remote districts, having good specimens, will have a reliable means of sending them down. Sovoral fine nuggets, we may add here, have been sent in within the lost few days, one of which weighing twenty-four ounces, nmif-.rihiifccrl liv Air D. M 'Lenuan. Castleuiainn. is re- markably handsome, - -Argus, . 1 Mining Shareholders association. — An asso ciation recently formed, having for its objeot the furtherance and protection of tho interests of mining shareholders, held its first meeting on Tuesday, at the .Shakespeare Hotel, Collins-street west. Mr Barlow, the chairman of the Association, presided. The secretary read the report of the committee, con taining a detailed account of all that had been done in furtherance of the objects of tho Association, and recommended that tliu liabilities of the Atlas, Boo hive, Concord, and Grand Junction Mining Com panies (to which the attention of the committee had more especially been directed), should lie paid, one- fourth in cash, anil the remainder in noii-preioroii: tial shares, at their original value. After a short dis- oussion, the report was unanimously adopted, and there being no further business for the consideration of'tlic mooting, the proceedings terminated. — Age. Cricket AIatch.— Tho United Victorian Criokot Association, which has recently boon formed, will send up an eleven to Sandhurst, on Wednesday next, for tho purposo of playing a match against eighteen, selected from .Sandhurst and tho district around it. —ArgUs, 