THB BURKB AND WILLS'. BXPLO JOÜBNáX. OF *1B. WILI.3?i| ^.i COOPER'S CREEK TO^tèÀRPENTABIA,"v [THE omissions in the diary are supplied b; "the information contained in the maps, with th exception of the last-two'days on the sh ore c -AB «alf.] - - -; '8unday, December 16. 1860.-Thé^tw Vborses having been shod, and oar report ... finished, we started at forty minutes past si: .'' «.m., for Eyres Greek, the ?*Xtj consisting c Hr. Burke, myself. King, and Charley, havin with"us six camels, one horse, and force month: provisions.]?" We followed down «he creok t . the point where the sandstone ranges cross th ' creek, and wera accompanied to that place b; \- Brahe, who would return to take charge of th depot. Down to this point' the banks of th «reek are very' rugged and stony, but there is ^tolerable supply of grass and saltbush in th vicinity. A large tribe of blacks cam pestering us to go to {haïr camp and h av « dance, which wo -declined. They wer very . troublesome, ' . and nothing bu the threat to shoot them 'will keep them away they are, however, easilyfrightened, and although fine-looking men, decidedly not of warlike disposition. They ¿how the greatet inclination to take whatever they can, but wi) \- ran rio unnecessary risk in so doing. Thc seldom corry any weapons, except á shield an . «large kind of boomerang, which I. believe tho ase for killing rats, Ao. sometimes, but ver seldom, they haye a large spear; reed spear '-seem to bo quito unknown to them.' They ar undoubtedly n finer and better looking race c *'.' jtnec' than the blacks on the Murray and Dat ' ling, and more peaceful, but in other respects ! believe they did not compare favourably wit! . them, for, from tho little we have seen of them ' they - appear to be mean-spirited and' con toinptible in every respect. , ' ;: Monday, December 17,-Wa ,. continued,, ti lol low down tho creek. Found its course .ver crooked, and the channel frequently dry for i ~ considerable distance, and then 'forming inti magnificent waterholes, abounding in waterlow . of all .kinds. The country on each side ió mor open than on the upper part of the creek. Th soil on the plains is of a light earthy,nature . supporting abundance of saltbush and grast Most of the plains are lightly timbered, and th ground is finer, and not cracked up, like at th head of the.crock. Left Camp No. 67 at te minutes/ to ," six- a.m., " having ", br'eakfaptet before leaving. We followed the -creel . from point to point,! at first in a directioi W.N.W. for about twelve miles, then abbu N.W^ At about noon , we passed the ,las * water/ a short distance beyond which ', th creek runs oat on, . polygonum {Polygonum Cunningham^ flat ; but the timber was so larg 'j and dense, that it deceived BS into the belie that there was a continuation of the channel \- on crossing the polygonum ground to where wi . expected to find the creek we became aware o pur mistake! Not "thinking it advisable t< . 'chance tho cxistonco of water a-head, we campet i . at the end of. a largo bot shallow sheet of wate: ? in tho sandy bed of the creek. The hole wai .' about 150 links broad, and - feot deep in mos pisces. In most places the temperature of .tua water was almost incredibly high, which inducec me to try it in several places. Tho mean of twt .- on the shady side of the creek gave 07.4 degrees As may bo imaginod, this ? wate tasted disagreeably ' warm, but we soot cooled some in water-bags, and, thinking that i '.? would be interesting to know what we might cal .'' cool, I placod the, tborinomoter tn a pannikii containing - some that appeared delightfull; cool, almost cold in fact; its temperature, was to our astonishment, 78 degrees. At half-pas aix, , when a strong wind -was'blowing fron "' south, anti temperature of air had fallen to 8( \- degrees, the lowest temperature of water in th« ' hose, that had been exposed to the full effect ol evaporation for several hours, was 73 degrees This water for drinking appeared positivelj cold-tab low a temperature to be pleasant under tho circumstances. A remarkable southerly squall came on between five and six p.m., with ov'ory appearance of rain. The sky, however, soon cloarod, but the wind continued to blow in a squally and irregular manner from tho same quarter at evening. Wednesday,' Decombcr 10.-Started at ti quarter past eight a.m. Leaving what seemed < ' to be the end of Cooper's Creok,-we took n \- -course a little to the north of wost, intending to .try and obtain water in some of the creeks . . that Sturt mentioned that he had crossed, and ' -at the same time to see whether thoy were con- nected with Cooper's Creek, as appeared most ... probable from tho direction, in which we found . thelatter running, arid from tho manner in which it had been breaking'rip into small channels . .flowing, across tho plains in a N. nndN.N.W. ' direction. We left' op our right the flooded fla's on which this'branch of tho creok rons out, and soon came to.a series of sand ridges, tho direc- tion bf which ,wdro between N. J- W. and N.N.W. Tho country is wóll grassed, and supports plenty of saltbush. Many of the valleys are liablo tn be inundated ¡by, tho overflow of tho main creek. They have watercourses. and polygonum flats, " bordered with, box-trocs, but we met with no , holes fil to hold n'supply of water.. At about ; ten miles wo crossed a, largo earthy flat, lightly timbered with box and gum. The ground was very bad for travelling on, being much cracked up, and intersected'by innumerable'channels, . which continually- carried off tho water of a largo creek. Some of tho valleys beyond this were yory pretty, the ground being sound, and covered with froshr plants, which made them look beautifully green. At fiftoen miles we ,* halted whero two largo plains joined. Our » attention.;, had been attractod by somo rod breasted ' cockatoos, pigeons, a crow, and several other , birds, whose presence made us feel euro that ¡there was water not .far off; but our hopes wero soon dostroyod J by /find-, ing a claypan just .drying, up. It contained just sufficient llquid'to moko the clay boggy. At con minutes to seven p.m. wo moved on, steering'' n'r tight for Eyre's Creek, N.W. by N., intend- ing to mako á good night's journey, and avoid the heat of, tho day ; but at a milo and a half wo carno to a'.creok, .which looked so well that wo foll)wed it for, a short .'distance, and finding two \- or tliroo waterholes of good milky water, wo vamped for'tho night. This enabled moto Rocuro an observation of tho eclipso of Jupiter's I sMalHto, as well aa somo latitudo observations. Tho night was so calm that I used the wator aa . av horizon, but I find it' much moro satisfactory io toko tho rooroury, for sevoral reasons. Thursday, Docembor 21 (20?).-We did not . )t>avo this camp until half-past eight, having tl. I ¿y ed to refill tho wator-bogs with tho milky water,; which all of us found to be n groat trent û {«I". ' It'is oorlalnly moro pleasant to drink t''nn ibo ck ur water, and, at the same time, moro «btisfying. Our course from here, N.W. by N.> took us through some) pratty vconotry lightly timbered rat^waUj.>gruled.| . We,coola Me the l|ne of oreeik ^imb*)r winding through^ the valley on our'left.^i A** a distemos of live j miles there was- a 'bush-fire bir itt'bànks'/and beyondHt the the creek jinade a considerable bend to the S.W. At twa -miles further we came io sight of a large lagoon, bearing N. by W., and at three miles more we camped on what would seem - the same creek as last night, near, .where it enters thelageon.. The latter is of great ex- tent, and contains a largo quantity of . water,' which swarms with wildfowl of every descrip- tion. It is very shallow, but is surrounded by the most pleasing ; woodland peenerjr, and everything in ,r the . ; vicinity; looks fresh and' green. The 1 creek, near its junction with the lagoon contains some good water-holes, five; to six feet/deep. ?.They.'are found in a sandy, alluvium, which is very boggy when wet. There was a:large camp ol not less than forty or fifty blaeks near where we stopped. They brought us presents of. fish, for which wp gave them some beads and matches. . These fish we found to be a most valuable addition to our rations. - They were of the same kind as we had found elie where, but finer, being nine to ten inches long, and two to three inches deep, and in such good condition that they might have; been fried in their own fat. It is a remarkable: fact, that these were the first blacks who had offered ua any fish since we reached Cooper's Orëëlc* ' 1 / -*.'»? ---?.-.il F' iday, December 21.-We left Camp 70 : st half-past five a.m., and tried to induce one or two of tho blacks to-go with us,'but it was of Do use. Keeping our former.course, wo were pulled up at three miles by a'fine lagoon, and then by the creek that flows into it; the latter being full of water, wo were obliged to trace' it' a mile up before we coHld cross. I observed on its banks twp wild plants of the gourd or melon tribe ; one much resem- bling a stunted'cucumber, the" other, both in leaf and appearance of fruit, was very similar to a small model of a water melon (probably mucJcia micranthä). . The' - latter 'plant í I ; also. fouudat'Gamp 68. On tasting the pulp of the" newly found fruit, which was about the size of a large pea, I found it to be so acrid that it was with difficulty that I removed the taste from my "mouth; " At eight or nine miles from where, we crossed the creek wepassed anóther large lagoon, leaving it two miles on bur left, and shortly after- wards we saw one nearly as far on our right. This last we should have availed ourselves of," but that we expected to find water,in a creek which wo could aee, by the timber lining ' its .banks, flowed from tho lagoon on our left, and crossed oar course a few miles ahead. . ¿We¿ reached it at a distance of four or five miles' further, and found a splendid waterhole, at. which wo camped. The creek at. this point flows ia a northerly direction, through a large lightly timbered flat, on which it partially ! runs out.. The ground is, however, sound and well clothed with grass and salsolaceous plants. Up to this point the country through which we haye, passed has been of the finest," description. for, pastoral purposes. The grass and saltbush' are everywhere abundant, and water is plentiful, with every appearance of' permanence. ' Wo° mot with porcupine graßs (Triodia pungens,rBr.) and only two sand-ridges before reaching Camp 71\. . ": h . : -f"1, if ¡ . . Latitude, 37 degrees ' to 26J-; degrees. Saturday, December 23--At five minutes tb five a.m., we left one of tho most-delight[ul camps wo have had ip the journey, and pro- ceeded on the same course as before,'N.W. by N., across some high ridges bf loose sand, many -of which were partially clothed with porcupine grass. Wo found the ground much tvbrso Ito travel over than any. we. have yet mot with. As tho ridges were exceedingly, abrupt and . steep on their eastern side, and although sloping gradually towards the west, wore sq honey- combed in some places by tho burrows of, rats, that the camels were continually in .danger j of falling. At a distance of about six miles we descended from these .ridges to undulating country of open box forest, tvhero everything was green and fresh. There is on abundance of grass and salt busher?, and lots of birds of all descriptions. Several flocks of pigeons passed over our beads, making for" a point a little to our right, whero there is no doubt plenty of water, but we did not go off our course to look for {it. Beyond the box forest, which kept away to the right, we again entered the sand-ridges, and j nt a distance ,of six miles passed close to a >qry salt lagoon, the ridges in the vicinity of which are less regular in their form and direction, and contain nodules of limestone. Tho grou'pd in the flats and claypans near has that, en- crusted surface that crooks under the pressure of tho foot, and is a sure indication'bf tho pre- sence of saline deposits. At a distance of. eight milos from tho lagoon, we camped at tho foot.ol a sand-ridge, jutting out on tho Stony Desert. I was rather disappointed, but not altogether surprised, to find the latter .nothing more nor loss than the stony risos.that we had before niot with, only on a larger scale, and' "not quito, so undulating. During tho aftornobn several crows caine to feed on tho 'plajn, ,Thoy carno from an E.N.E. diróction,', no doubt from a portion of the creek,¡thtt flj>ws through the forest that we left on our right. Ia tho morning, as wo woro loading,'ó duck passed over, but it was too dark to 'seo /which way! it .went. '..,... ' .'." ." I 8undoy, Doo. S3.-At fivo a.m.¿ wo struck" out across tho desert in a W.N.W, direction. At four miles and a half wo crössod a'sanfl-jidgo,* and then rotut ned tb bur t:N. W.' by'.N. cpunjo. ? We found the ground , not nearly so bad for, travelling on as that botween' Bulloo'(and Cooper's Creek ; in foot, I do not khbw wlio'lhoj' it arose from our: exaggerated anticipation ¡of horrors or not, but wo thought it far i from j bad.; travelling ground1, and as to pasture; it iis ? onjly; the actually stony ground'ihat ik bare^ ana many a sheep ? run is,.-,. ip~i;.'*?.*»".' wprbo' grnziug than that.: At ; fiftoon : : miles * wo crossed another sand-ridge, for several milba", around which there is plenty1 of 1 grass arid, floe saltbush. - After crossing this ridge wo descouded to an earthy plain,' where the ground was rather heavy, being in. sorno places'Uko! pieces of slaked lime, and intersected by small water-courses. Flocks of pigeons rose frohi amongst tho (¡alt bushes and polygonum, but all tho cracks woro dry, although marked by linea of box timberi Several gunyalis of tho blacks woro situatod near a water-hole that had appa-' rontly contained wator very Jatoly, and hoaps of grass were lying about tho plaina, from willoh thoy had beaten tho scode. We pushed ob, hoping to find tBe crooks adsurbirig an'iÛriroyad appoarnnco, hut thoy did not, and, at brio o'olook ¡ wo ht hod, intending to travel through part bf. the night. About sunset throe flocks of pigoons passodover us*, all going In« tho saino direction, duo north hy compass, arid, poBsIntr over a ridge <of . sand in that dlreotinu? Not to have taken notice of such nn occurrence, iwould liavo been little .«hört of a sin, BO wo dc* termined (a go eight orten miles in thst dirac tion. Starting kt seven o'clock p.m., we, at a's miles, crossed the ridge over which tbe birds had flown, and came on a flat subject to inun- dation. The ground was at first hard and even, like the bottom of a clay pan, but at a mile or so we esme on cracked earthy ground, inter- sected by numberless small channels running in all directions.; At nine miles, we reached the bed of .a creek running from east to west ; it was only, bordered by polygonum, bushes, but as there was rio timber visible on the plains, we thought it safer to halt until daylight, for fear we would'miss the water. ' At daylight, when we had -'saddled,' a small quantity Yof timber could''bo ' seen, ,at/, the point1 bf a sand- ridge, . about ' one and.. a . half .t0 ' (two miles to the west of us, .and. on. .going there we found5 a fine creek, with a . splendid; sheet of water, more than a mile long,'arid averaging nearly three chains broad';' it is, however," only two or three feet deep in most parts. j Monday, December .34.-We took :a day of rest' tin Gray's Creek to' celébrate" Christmas. This was doubly pleasant, aa we had never in our most sanguine moments.anticipated: finding such a delightful oasis in the desert. Our-camp was really ari agreeable place; for we bad all the advantages of food, arid/water attending aj.posi- tion on a large creek or riyer¿ arid were at the same time freo of the annoyance of the number-' less ants, flies, and mosquitoes, that, are inva- riably met. with amongst timber or heavy scrub. Tuesday, December S5l-We rieft Gray's Creek at_half-past four^ a.rnjj^nd proceeded to_ cross the, earthy, rotten plains ¿in ,tfie "direction" of Eyre's Creek./..At a distance of about nine, miles, we5 reached : some ' lines of trees í and bushes, which were visible from the top of the sandridge at Gray's Creek. We found them growing on the banks of'several small creeks,, which trend to the N: and N.N.W. At a mile and a half further, wo'crossed a small creek, N.N.E., and joining.the ..oríes above-mentioned. This, creek contained .'.abu of, water, in small detached holes, from fifty tb one hundred links long, well shaded by steep banks and overhanging. bushes. .¿Tho..water, had .a suspi- ciously transparent colour, and a slight trace of brackishness; but the latter was 'scarcely per- ceptible. Near where, the creek joined them is. a sqnd-hill, -and ta ;dënse7,nîass . pf Jfine"timber. The i smoke off a .fire ""?' indicated Cthe presence of 1 blacks, <> who :. soon < .made, their ' appearance; ?.>. and ;?--?< followed us for some distance, beckoning us away tb tho N.E. .Wo,.-however,./continued] our course N.W. byN., but, at a' distance of, a mile, ; and a-half, found that the creeks did not come round as we expected, arid that the fall/of0 water' was 'iii a direction nearly opposite to our course, or about west-to "east. . We struck/off Nw-fr. W. for/a'b.igh sand ridge, from which' we'-anticipated-^seeing yVneth'ekit wero toorth:while^^for us/fo follow'tho 'cours e. of th ó ere ek's we/fiad /cr ogsed.' t ^á^eré" surprised to find all the .tfater-courses/o'nr,.tbe plains trending rather to tho south of east ; and at a distance ôf 'throo miles, after 'changing our course, and when.we approached. the snn'd:hillB towards which wo had been, steering,-wo ware : agreeably pulled up by a magnificent creek, joining from1', tho'N.N.W:,* arid ' running1 in "tho . diroctiori/bf the1 fire we had seen.Wo, had now no choice but., to, change ./our: .course/again, for we could not haye crossed even if wo nacl 'desired/to/dp 1 so.1'' Ori|V'.folld'wingT,up .the sorith/ji bánk^' of / the / creek,1 ' we ' found it soon'keeping a rrioreVortherly course than it had where wo first struck it. '.'This fact, together with magnitude " arid -, generalappearance, lessened the probability' ófj.its' being Eyre's Creek, as seemed, at- first;yeryj iikely from thpir relative positions jond directions.-The day being vory hot, and the camcls'tired from travel- ling over the'oárthy^ plains,' wjiicb^.by-the-bye, are not nearly so bad as'thpse'at .the head bf Cooper's Creek, we camped at ono o'clock p.m., having traced tho creek-up'àbbut fi vb miles, not counting the bends. For>he^whole bf this dis- tance we found ,npt a''brgak¡pr/¡ntérruption|of water, which appears to) be?.very deep. Tho banks are from twenty tb thirty . feet above the water, and very steep;; they/are clothed near the water's edge with mint'an'd.bthqr weeds, arid on the top of each side there is n belt of box trees and various shrubs. The lower part of the creek is bounded towards- the north by a high red sand-ridge,/and on (ho south sidejiB an extensivo plain, intersected' by. numerous wator-coursc«, which ' drain off the water in flood time. .Tho greater.-portion of the plain is at present very boro, but tho stalks of "dry grass show that after rain dr floods there will be a good j ci op on tho ..harder and well drained portion, but I believe the loose earthy, portion, supports no vegetation ot'-any time. Tho in- clination of the ground from tbe( edge .of tho creek bank towards the plain is iri'many places very considerable:' This-1 should take to indi- cate that tho flooding is or has- been at one time both.frcquerit'arid.regular. , ; ', ¡ Wednesday,' 'B;$cèraber. -Sp^^tf. ß.'ajted at 5 a.m" following 'up . the creak'from point to point af -the' bendè. Its' general courso was ot first "N. ' by, W-», but at about .six miles the,aand^ ridgeVn tho west closed in on Tt, arid at this'point it takos a tura, to tho N.N.E. for half-a- milo, and then comea round suddenly N.W.1 'Up ~to'!thisirpoibt, it> had been rather improving in appearance' than' otherwise but'in,the b'end ,to_the N-W. the*' channel is very broads Its bod being limestone' rock arid indurated clay'; ls for h space of' five or six chains qiijfe" 'dry, thpn commences i another 'waterhole, ' the creek ' keeping a'little more towards N. We crossed the; creek -hero, and struok ooross the plain oh a duo N. course, 'for we could seo tho lirio or timber1 coming up to1 tho ¡snnd-ridgos in' that direction, '(or a dis tan co ;of sevennor eight milos» ,\Vo did i.not touoh the creek,and 'the, eastern s&nd- ridgo; receded 'tàf á 'd^tstieb^jn^p'trià ' places1 of1 nearly ; "throq, míles¿ ,'frpm .'our. lino; Cleaving, an ' imm'opad extent of grassy plain.' between .it j¡ and tho creek.-' The distinctly marked featurejon/the lower- . port . of j this ; crook i"(is¿,: thätf-jwlien ovor tho: main crock ¡ls on ono Bi'doof a plain, thoro is always a fine billybong on thbbpposito 'side; each'of thom almost invariably , sticking' close to ; tho respootiye - sand- ridgps. < Bofuro coming toi' tho next: bend bf tho jcreok, ¡ .a VViow from the top'of a sand-hill showed me that thd" creek réçolves a largo tributary frorn'thbflN<W.' ot about two miles above whoro wo hnd crossed it. A fine lino pf timber, running up ' to , tho' N.W., joined on oxtonsivo traot of box forest-' end tho branch wo woro tollo wing was lost- to view in,a similar forest towards tho N.'1 .Tho sanà-rldgé was so abrupt when wo carno tb {ho crook, that it was necessary to desoond into lits bod through ono of tho small ravinoB adjoining H." Wo found it partially 'rau but, ' tho bod being sand, and strewed with nodules, pf lirai-» somo of which woro ono nnd ft-half to two foot long, Thoy had apparently boon formo'dih tho sand-downs by infiltration. . ' ,' ' T Latitude 8. 251 degreda <p, 23j-'dogréoà. Sunday, Dooombor 30.--Fjhding,nthi*i tho creek waa trending considerably towards tbe .sst, without much likelihood of altering its course, we struck off from it, taking a tea days' supply of water, as there were ranges visible to the north, which had tho appearance of being stony. A N.E. by N. ooursc was first taken for about seven miles, in order to avoid them. The whole of this distance was over alluvial' earthy plains, the soil of which, was firm, but the vege- tation scanty._._ Latitude 23J degrees ,to ß2} , degrees.-j Satbrday, January 6.-On leaving Camp 8£ wp found slight, brit distinct. indications of rain ¿n the groves, and a few blades of grass and small, weeds in the- little depressions < on the plain._These indications were, however, so slightÎ .that ¡ but ipr the fact of our having found surface water in two holes near pur camp, we should hardly have noticed them. At a dis- tance of about two miles, in a N.N.E. direction, we carno to a' creek with a long,' broad; ahnllöw waterhole.1 'The well worn paths, the rebbnt tracks of natives, and the haaps.of shells, on the contents of which the latter had feasted, showed at once that this creek must be connected 'with somo creek of considerable importance. * The -camels and horses, being greatly In need, of rest1, we only moved np about half a mile, and camped for the doy. ?_; _ ; ! Sunday, January 16.-Started at, twenty mil nutes to six o'clock,' intending to make an OasV day's stage along the creek. .. As we proceeded up in, a northerly direction, we i found, tho waterhole to 1 diminish- '^inf: --size -very, much, and at about; two .'arid.' a half milos tho creek.,,rah put in .'a',' lot ' of small water-courses.L At the upper 'end of tho oreek we found in its bed what appeared to'-bo an arrangement for, catching fish. ' It consisted bf a small oval mud. paddock, about 12 feet by 8 feet, _the -sideB .'of.which were about nine inches above the;bottom of the hole and the top of the fence, covered with long grass, so arranged that the ends of the blades overhung scantily by severa! . inches'; the sides of the hole, As there was rio sign of timber to the N., we struck' off to N. W.by N. for afine line of timber that came up from the S.W.', and - seemed to run parallel with*' the creek we wore about to leave. At a distance of about, three miles j we reaohed tho bank of.a fine, cr eek,'and containing a" sheet of water, two chains broad, at least filteen feet deep in the middle.'! ¡The banks^ are shelving, -sandy, and lightly clothed,with box trees, and various shrubs.' On starting tó/cróss'the plains towards , this creek,' we were surprised at the bright green, appearance of strips ef Jand, which look in the distance like swamps ; on approe ch- ing some of them, we found that ¡there had been a considerable! fall of iain in some places, which , had raised a. fine, crop bf grass arid, portulao (portuloca oleratca, L.), .wherever the soil was bf sandy and light nature, but the amount of moisture' had been insufficient to affect the hard clayey ground, which constitutes the main portion of the plain.' The sight of two native-companions feeding here, added greatly to the encouraging prbspeels ;¡ they are the only specimens of that bird that I remember to have seen bri'that side of tho Darling.' ' (;v ; ¡ Monday, January 7>--We started,at half-past four o.m. with ut water, thinking that we might safely rely on this creek for 'one day's journey. We, . 'however, found the, line ' pf timber soon begin to look, ámall ; at three miles -the channel contained only a few pools of surface water. - We continued -across the plains bri; a due" north course, frequently crossing" small watercourses, which had been filled ty the rain, but were fast drying up. Hero and there as wo proceeded, dense (ines of. timber on our right showed, that'-'toe- creek.'owrie' from, the east of north., At] a distance, of, thirteen miles, wo turned to tho N.N.E.; towards a-.fine line, of timber.) We found-'a creek of considerable dimensions/that had only two or three, small waterholes ;,''but as tnere was more, than sutfi cient.forus, and very little feed for the beasts anywhere else, we camped. I should baye liked' this, cáínp to hay o'been in a more promi- nent fand; ejasily ' 'recognised position, aa it happens ' to be .almost ^exactly on tho' tropic ' of Capricorn. The. tremendous gale of wind that wo had, i^'; tho .evening and night ''prevented/! I.me frbm:c faking, » latitude observation, .wheroas I had some good ones at the last camp, and at camp ' 80. My reckoning cannot be far i . out. I found on taking öut my instruments ene of the. spare thermometers was broken, arid the glass of my anoroid. barometer ? crooked-the latter, I be- lieve, not otherwise injured.-'/This was done by the camel haying taken-, it into his heud to roll" while tho pack was'on his hack. ',...... ? ¡Tuesday, January, 8.-8tartod )at a quarter, past five a.mi, with a load of water, determined tobe independent of' all 'creeks and water couraos.. At a mile and a-half fourld. surface water in a small creok* and; at a mile further, water in two'or three places on the open plains. The country wo crossed for the first 'ten''miles consista; of fine bpon plaine, of Grin Argillaceous soil, top stiff and , bard to be, affected by.the" small quantity of rain that has fallon as yet'.' They are subjoct'to inuridatioris from tho .. -overflowf!' pf,; [rn,' ' number? pd ¿mall creeks..which . intersect .'.thom in. a direction ,E¿N,E.< to W-9.W5 i Nearly:alt the Tcreeks aro lined- with box trees and shrubs, in a tolerably healthy state.' ' Of ' the remains of dead trees, thorp" is only a fair proportion Jp the giving 'bries.' After, traversing- a plain bf .greater: extent - than the rest, we,'at teri miles,, reached! the creek, proportionately'large' and important looking. Tho channel, howevér,aí tho1 point, where we struck it,,waq depp, lovel, arid dry, brit I believe .there is watoriin it not far off; for there wero. some red-breaBted cockatoos in the trees', and native parrots on each f ide._...0n the north side, there ls a part hearing off to tho N.N.\V.:. The mirage on the plaint to the souXh pf' tho oreek was^tronger than I have before-seen it.' There impour, to ? be'¿Bhéat's^1 of irater Within a few~ yards of one,'and it,'lookB suflioiontly smooth and glassy to . be- used for an artificial horizon. '? To'the westward i of the plains some fine sand-hills wero visible nearly in the dirootiori in which tho creek flowed. To tho nór,tli of tho creok tho country, undergoes a great change. ; At first thorois a little earthy land subject to inundation. Tho s til then be« comes moro sandy, tho stony paris in whlohwater .collbofs' ' after .rain ; 'the whole country, ia slightly undulating, lightly timbered, and splendidly grnssod. A numbor of small dis- connected creeks aro scattered about, maiiy of which contained water, protected from tub sun and wind i by ai luxuriant growth of fino, grasses and small bushos. Wo passed ono or two little rises of sand and pobblcs, on which wore grow- ing some trees quito now to mo ; but for tho scad pods, I should bavo taken thom for a species of casuarina, although tho leaf-stalks havo not the jointed poouliaritioa of those plants. Tho trunks and branches aro lileo tho she-oak, tho loaves'Uko thós'o of a pine; they drop liko a willow, and tho sqod iB small, flat, in a largo Hat pod about six inobos by three-quarters of an Inch. As we proceeded, the çonntryjmproved at every step. Flocks of pigeons rdie and" flew off to the eastward^ ab/d '/rethi'; planta joiet îour view on every rise ; everything'green and; luxu-'' riant. The norse licked his lips,.andi tried'al! he could to hreak his nose-string in order to get at the food-. We camped at the foot of a sandy rise,-where there-was a- large sto ny --pan with plenty of water, and where the feed Was equal in quality, and superior as to variety, to any that I have seen in Austr'alia/excepting perhaps bli' 8bnae.sofasiof volcanic erigin.^ j Wednesday, January '.Qi-Started' at., five .minutes., past five without water! trusting to , .get,; ,a .supply T of ¡water -,from;,,the rai¿ , that fell., 'during.'j the), thunder J storm. Traversed , six miles of undulating plains covered with vegetation richer than ever! Several duck's rose ¡from, the little1 créekai as we passed, and flocks of pigeons were flying in all .directions.-The richness of tho vegetation^ evidently-not (.suddenly; arising; from-' Chance thunderstorms, for the trees and bashes on the open , plain, aro everywhere healthy and' fresh looking ; .very few dead ;bnos are to be seeni beeidoB which the , quantity of dead and rotten grass which, at presenf, almost overgrows in some places ' tho young blades, shows that this is pot the first crop of the kindi . Tho grasses .are numerous, and many of them unknown to me, but they only constitute a moderate portion of ihé herbage ; several kinds of spurious vetches. and. pprtulac, ns well ' as salsplaceira, add j to,-; the, luxuriance of ,the^ vegetation'; /At. .¡sevenmiles ^.we . found oarselves in ian open forest country, where .the feed was good, but /hot' equal to what we had" passed, neither had it been visited by f yesterday'srain. Wo'soon emerged again on open plains, but the, soil being more of a clayey nature, they were not nearly so muqh advanced in vegetationras the others. We found surface water in several .places, and at one spot disturbed a.fine bustard which was,feeding in the long, grass. i We . did not see him until he - flew up. -. I. should have mentioned that one flew, over our camp last .evening,', in a northerly direction. .. This ' speaks .well,for¿the.country and.climate. At npon^we came to a large creek, the course of which was .from E.N.E. to W;S.W. " The ' sight of white gum trees,,in . tho distance, had, raised hopes' which were not at all damped on a close inspec- tion of the channel. At tho point whore we Btruck it, there was bertainly no great quantity of water¡ ; the bed was broad and sandy, but its whole ap- pearance was that of an'important watercourse, and- the; large gums which line its banks, to- gether with tho improved appearance of the soil, and the abundance of feed in tho vicinity, satisfied us its to the permanency of the water, nnd.tho value of_the discovery. Although it was so early in tho (doy, and we were anxious, to make a good much, yet we camped here, as it seemed to bo almost a sin to leave such good quarters. The' bed of the creek is loose sand, through, which the water freely penetrates ; lit is, however, sufficiently coarse not to be boggy, and animals can , approach the water without .any difficulty. . i " Thursday,' January lol-At twenty minutes past ,fiye o.m., wo left our camp with o.full sup- ply bf . woter, determined to risk no reverses, and to make a, good march. I should mention that last crcning we had been nearly, deafened by ---the noise 'of the e'eadro, - and - but for'-. our ' large J fires ' should have been kepf awake- all, night by the;musquitóes._ A;_walk: of two miles across " ' a_ well grass, plain brought timber, and we,soonafterwards found ourselvos pulled up. by a large creek, in which the water was broad,1 and deep. '- We had to follow up the bank bf the' creek in,a N.E.'direction for nearly a milo before we could cross, when to our joy we found that it was flowing, not a.muddy stream from the effects bf recent floods; but' a smáll rivulet of pure , water, as clear as crystal. Tho bod bf the riyer. at this place is deep and rasher narrow. Tho water flows over sand and pebbles) winding its way. between clumps of melaleuca and :gum* saplings. 'After leaving the river; we kept/our old course duo1 north, crossing ina distance of one mile three creeks with gum trees on their banks. Tho , soil , of the flats through welsh, they flow, ; is a red '. loam, of. .fair quality, and well grassed. , Beyond the third creek is a large plain, parts of which are - very stony ; and this is bounded towards tho east by a low stony rise, partly composed of decayed and honeycombed quartz m situ, and partly of waterworn pebbles and other alluvial deposits. At about two miles across this plain/ ' wo roached tho first of a series bf small creeks, with deop waterholes. Theso crocks and holes have! the characteristics peculiar to water- courses which aro found in flats, formed from tho alluvial deposits of schistose rocks. Tho bank's are. on a lovel with tho ' surrounding ground, and are irregularly marked by small trees or only by .tufts of long graBS, which over- hang tho channel, and frequently hide it from one's view, even when within , a few yards.. At' about five miles from whore we, crossed tho river, wo _ came 1 .to.. tho main ..1 creek in .these flats, .Patten's Greek.i, It ; flaws.-, along at- the foot of a stony range, : /and ¿We had to trace it up nearly a mile in a N.N.E. dirootion before wa pjuld 'oross.it. 'As it, happened, we might, almost aa well have fbi lowed its course up the.flat, for at . a little moro Ithan two miles'.wo came to it.ogain. .We, re- crossed it at a stony place just bolow a^'very largo waterhole, and then continued our courao bver extensive plains;' not so well gräpsed, as what wo had passed. before, .and very stony in somo places. At eight miles from Patten's Greek, wo carno to another, running from S.W.' tpS.'K '. Thoro was.plenty of, wator in ¡it, but it was evidently tho result bf r'ecoht local'rains. On trio banks was ,an abundance of good feed,' but.very little timber. > . ? » ? i\¡ ' . Prlday, January ll.-Started at. fi a.m;, and, in tho excitement of oxplorihg fine' woll-watorod' country, forgot all about tho eclipso'of tho; sun,' until tba reduced i temperature and peculiarly, gloomy appearance of tho sky drew our attention to tho matter. It was then too late lo.rprricaV tho deficiency, so wp mada a good day's' jour-' noy, the moderation of the mid-day heat, which' was only about 80 degreoB, greatly assisting us. 1 Tho country tràvorsod' has tho- most Mor- dant and cheerful aspoot ; . ábundan'cp'of feed and,water everywhere., : .All,,tho;creaks,i'sebu to-day have a course.moro dr lesa, to E.ihyS. Tho land .improves in" appearance at ->eveiy milo. ... A quántlty pf rain has fallen hero nnd; to tho south,' ana somo of tho flats aro suitablo for cultivation if the regularity of tho soasóos :wlll admit.. i i ï- ' M ? M I, , Latitude 22J dogreos to 91J dógroós;-i Saturday, January 19.-Wo started at fivo a.m.' and keeping as noarly as possible a duo N. aourso, traversed for, about oight miles a I splondld flat, through whloh flow soveral fine well- watered oroeks, lined with 1'white gum troos. Wo thon ontcred a scries' of slaty low Bindstond rangos, amongst which were Boroo well grassed flats, and plonty of f water Io the main gullies. " The more stony portions are, however, covered with porcupine grasa, and here Bod there with mallee. Larga ant-hills are very numerous ; they yaiy fn height from two leot and a half to four feet. I'here was a continuous rise perceptible all tba' way in crossing the rangep, and from the highest portion, which we reached at a distance of about seven miles, we had à pretty, good view of the^country towards the "north. As fur as we could see"* in "tho "distance, ¿rid bearing due north, was ,a large, rango, having somewhat the outline of a granite mountain. The oast end bf thiarange just comes up-to1 the magnetic north ; the left of this, and bearing N.N.W., is a single conical peak,"the top. of which only ia visible, iii.Furlher to the west. there': were some broken dran'ges, "apparently, sandstone ; to the east of north the tops of very .distant and : apparently '/higher /ranges were seen the outlino'bf which was so indistinct that I can' formmo idea as to their .character. The inter, mediate country below us appeared alternations of fine valleys and stony-ranges, such as we had just/ been' crossing. 'FronT jere's descent bf twp p. miles? brought ¡-TIS' ,7tb,"ao creek, having^ northern.- course, but'- i on/tracing' it down for ,abo.ut a mile, we found it,turn to the south-east, and joba another from the north.'' We crbsied over to the ' latter on a N. by W.icburse.'and' camped on the .west bank. It Has a. broad sandye channel ; the water holes are large but not deep ; the banks aro bordered with fino white gums, and are; in some places very ' scrubby. There is abundance of rich green feed everywhere in the vicinity. We found numerous indications of blacks1 having been here, but saw nothing of them. It seems re- markable that where their tracks are so plonti fal we should (have seen) none since we left King's-Creek. I observed that the nativos here climb trees like those on the Murráy, Sie.,. in search of some animal corresponding in habits to the opossum, which they get out of. tho hollow branches in a.similar, manner.- J have not yet been able to ascertain what the animal is. . ; . . ".? Sunday, January 18.-We did not leave camp this morning until half-past seven, having de- layed for' the purpose of getting the camels'. shoos on-a matter in which we were eminently unsuccessful. Wo .took our breakfast before starting, for almost the first time since leaving the depot. . Having crossed tho creek, our course was due north as before, until at about six' miles we came in sight of the range a-head, when we took a north half-oast direction, for the purposo. of clearing the eastern front of it. We found tho. ground more sandy than what we had before crossed, and a great deal of it even more richly grassed. Camp 93 is situated at the júnotion of three sandy creeks,, in which there is abundance of water.- The sand is loose, and tho water permeates - freely,, so that the latter ni ay be obtained delightfully cool and clear, by, sinking anywhere in the,-beds of the creeks. . . ri >u: Latitude' iii i -degrees . to 20J ' degree's. Saturday, January 19.-Started from C^mp'^S at half-past five o'clock' a.m., and, passing to the north-west of Mount Forbes, across a. fine and well grassed plain, kept at first a north by'bast direction. At a distance bf three milos the'plain became everywhero stony, being scattered, over with quartz pebbles; anda little farther on^we carno to law quartz rangos, the higher portions /of which"àrb coyëred with porcupine graas.fbut the ,./ valleys; arp /¡ well , , clothed /' ".wjthCj a variety of coarse * and .rank . herbage. .At about-., five,.( miles . we prossed-* a creek' with1 a '-sandy bed, which' has1 b¿en riamed Grôo'n's Créèk. There1 were blS'oks¡íiot far-abovo where we crossed, but we díd-nót-dis turb tberri?- After crossing 'the creek, we took a due north course over(vory rugged.qnarts rah|e8 of an auriferous character. Pieces ofj'iron "ore, .very rich,; were, soattorod in great numbers over somo of the hills. On our being about-tö'crosB one of " the" branch creeks in"the low rangerwo surprised somo blocks-a man, who.'/wjjth a young, fellow, apparently his son, was nupon a tree cutting out something, nnd a lubraawilh a picaninny. : Tho two former did 'not Bee'hie until I was nearly doss tp them,'and thln.they wore dreadfully frightened. Jumping¿"down from the trees, thby started ott, shouting what sounded to us very like " Joe, Joe." 'Thus dis- turbed, tho iubra,rwho «as dome distante from them, just then caught sight of the cam ola'and 'the remaindor of ; the- party .ns; they, came* over the hill into the 'creek,'and this»Ttondcd to hastori ' their flight, .over tho.'.stonos and porcupine ' grass. '. Crossing, tho rango at tho head of this creek, wo carno an'- a gully running north, down which we proceeded, and soon found it open out into a creokjàt'fwa br thrco points, in which 1 we found, water. On this oreek we found the first spécimen of a eucalyptus, which has a very different appear much resombles'the'oltri ; the foliage isdark» like that!'pf'tho- light-wood; the trunknnd branches pre covered with a grey1'" birk, resent 'blirig Tri 'outwav^'appoarancp that,.pf, the ^box tree- Finding that.the crc'okl.was trèriding-too much'.tp tho eastward,, we struck offto .tho-north again, and at'.a-short , distance'acaras .on aUiho creek running nBbutS.S.E. As it was now about time toroarapv1 we' travelled ! it 'up fo^bout n mil% arid tfhtif,' and dárae tb 'a' fine / Woterkolo ,in a rocky?, bààini at which ibero wore lots of ¡i'atitude'S'di'de^reWi to 19.t'degrèes.-i$An. doy, Januàry/S7.-^Start'ed from Çàmp 105, (\ve minutes p'ást.'two tri the morong.', WefpUpwid .along ;the bonds, of the creek by , moonlight, and found tho creek wind about very muon, 'tälaSg7bOM7\vhoIÖ. a N.E. pourso, M abput five píJeSiVit ohariged somewhat, tts features ; '.from, a broad and sandy, channel, winding about ?through gum- troo'flits, it assumoa tho unpropi- tious appëarari'co ot a straight narrow cirefcif, running in a N.N-E. "direction, betwperi ;hjßii perpendicttlar earthy banks. After running DO iwMti »hrnn or fonr milos- in this manner, it oharaoter.i JJeiow mis, wo louau -r' W piases, j .butit alf seemed tobo oilhor from surfaco drainage or -. i . from i springs in tho sbnd... "The land In'thb vicinity^,0» crook opp'qarB ic- hnvd rdcdlvod plenty of ro\o» tho vegetation everywhere being grc/m..Bna frosh ; but thero is no nppoaranoe of the oreeu having flowed in' this part pf tbeohannel fôra o'onslderälJld^oriod. Palm troesaro numerous, and some -boar an abundancb of small rouua . dates.(nuts)Jrist ripening. These palmsiglw « -most plbturosqnenand pleasant lappoarançe to Wednesday, January 30.-Startod at Imt - -past.' adven ) a.m.,, after . is««^«* attempts at getting Golak out of tho bed oj- io crook. It was determined to,'try,bringing down until Wo could find, a pince .fpt film tp got outat "but after ¿oirig In tills! woy>r UvQ.or Sthree miles, it was found necessary toileave bim. behindi'ls'it'wis^alra'ost impossible , td get him.' through some of the waterholes;" andjiad sepà-, rated Ktri^'frÖra tho ^arty, which was?a¡ matter for very' r8erîou8 consideration,' yfhèn"wè found, I blacks, hiding in tho box trees close to us. 