GUN DAROO. (From our own Correspondent.) CHRISTMAS and New Year's day have both now passed away, and at this place they did so very quietly. Nothing happened to mar the quietness that usually reigns about that time. On Boxing day our cricketers had a friendly game with the Gininderra cricketers but the latter proved, as they have ever done, that they are too good a match for ours, for they again came off victorious. On New year's day the same clubs played a return match, when to the astonishment of all, the Gundaroo cricketers got the severest castiga- tion ever they received since their existence; for the Ginindernra players beat them in one innings and had eight runs to spare. How- ever, I am glad to inform you the Gunda- rooites, nothing daunted by all their former defeats, intend to have a slap at the Gininderra players as soon as possible, for they do not intend to let the Gininderraites possess the laurels always. All I wish them is success; and may the best players win. All about this place are placards stuck up bearing the signature of Mr. Edgar, offering £20 reward on conviction of the parties who caused the death of a horse (his property.) One of the persons who saw the horse and passed an opinion on it had one afflicted in the very same way a little time ago, but he took it in hand in time and prevented death, which otherwise must have been its doom. There- fore it would look as if Mr. Edgar had been rushing at rash conclusions. I heard that when the horse was found he was in the mid- dle of the river with a considerable number of leeches attached to him, therefore he must have lost a good deal of blood. Petty thefts are pretty prevalent about the outlying sheep-stations. Some persons well known have been seen by the shepherds them- selves at their huts ransacking everything, to see what was worth taking away. It is a miserable and unmanly way of doing business to go and rob the poor shepherds of their clothes; however the parties had better be on their guard, for if they are not, they need not be astonished some fine afternoon if they get a ball through their leg to stop their gallop. As I stated before they are well known and if they see this in print I hope they will take warning in time, and stop their evil ways and propensities. The crops look very well, reaping has com- menced on a good many farms, the wheat crop will not be so heavy as was generally ex- pected: however there are exceptions. Our spirited and enterprising neighbour Mr. Styles has on the road, expected daily, a reaping machine which (when it arrives) will prove a great acquisition to the district. I hope he may get ample employment for it. He deserves encouragement for the spirited man- ner in which he thus supplies the district with what was greatly wanted. The weather is all that could be desired very hot; but we must expect to get hot weather at this time of the year. The roads are hard and the creeks are all dried up, con- sequently, the grass will soon dry and we may expect to hear of fresh and disastrous bush- fires. Gundaroo, 9th January, 1861. 