THE EXHIBITION. The Evhibition on Saturday attraoted nn un- usual nttmbor of visitors, thoro haviner been up wards of 1,100 persons in the building during tho day, and about 1,500 in tho evening. The Wray family ga\ o two concerts, ono in tho afternoon and the other in the evening, and their perform- ance on both occasions appeared to bo highly appreciated by the largo audiences Among the latest contributions to tho Exhibition is the modol of an encino for the speed} extinguishing of bush fires, sent by Mr John Strachan This consisto of a c) hnder (suspended on two wheels, and drawn by a horso), to which largo chama aro attached, the movement of these chains, as tho vehicle pro ceodB, having the effect of beating out tho fue. Thero is also a working modol ot Clifford's patent boat loitering Bear. Tho podcsial Bideboard, composed of blaokwood, and tho manufacturo of Messrs Ashmore and Sons, Of Geelong, is desorving of somothing moro than tho passing notice which we gave the Other day It is a valuable illustration of the adaptability of our colonial woods for housohold furniture Tho sideboard is oit>ht feet long The back is richly carved On the right aro re presentations of various fruits ¡rowu in the colony, while on the loft are specimens of Vic torian ornithology, in the shape of the rosella, tho king parrot, the blue mountain, and tho wattlo bird, on brtnehes, with fruit tnterfpersed In the contro is a Bhield, with tho Australian arms On tbo drawers aro carvings of the grapovmo, loaves and fruit, the ground« ork representing tho bark of the w ood in its natural state. The right hand door has carved figures, with panel formed of tho fruit and leaves of the vino, with the head of Bacchus at top The loft door is ornamented in similar style, but with ears of corn instead of grapes, the head of Ceres taking the place of that of Bacchus Tito entire work is olegantly finished It may also bo mentioned that a very handsomo carriago lins just been sent in by Mr. Carpenter, Geelong, whilo twenty additional photographic views, making sixty in al' and enough to fill a third frame, have been reectved from tbo photographists, Messrs Soloman tud Barnett There liai o also been somo additions to the specimens of nativo weapons, and most note worthy amongst them is a spear, the head of which is formed from Victorian eninrtz Tho upper part of tho gold caso will, wo understand, bo ready by Wednesday next, and wo leam that arrangements have been made with the different banks for n periodical exhibition of their gold Tho caso of lit o Bnakcs continues to attract considerable attention, and their pro pnetor professes to havo tho fullest confidence in the cfiicaoy of his antidoto which ho has disco vored and proparod In the courso of a day or two his rometiy will, wo understand, bo pubholy subjec ed to careful and searching tests. SNAKES AND BNAKE-BITKS.-In no previous year, at tho early commencement of n summer scacon, havo snnkcB been so numerous as this. The numbers that aro daily killed in tho vicinity of German Town, Duneed, and Connowarro aro absolutely startling. Last wock a diamond snnko was killed in tbo private school-room of MJ. Browne, of German Town. Tlio children had just left, and on one of thom returning back Jio perceived a snako coiled up near tho box some of the children had been fitting on. Five snakes were killed on tho following day in the dwelling' of Mr. Atkinson, in the employment of Mr. Cor- rigan, at German Town ; and several moro wore killed on tlio road near tho turnpike. Most of these wero of tho most venomous and deadly species. From all parts of tho country wo hoar of tho same alarming fact. We may inform our readers that many snakes aro conveyed into town in the hollow irunks'of timber brought in by tho wood-carters. HouBekeopors and theil- servants should exercise the utmost caution in handling firowood, tù'o pieces of which aro rotten and hollow in tho L'entre.- Geelong Chronicle, Oct. 20. A LUCKY FitfD.-Tho proprietress of a dairy a short distanco l'.rom Redbank, while engaged in milking her cow«, required some hopporings from tho creek, for su'tno purpose, in tho cow yard. Her BODS liavini,' provided the required material, tho dairy mu'trcsn observed, while milkinjj, a glittering object lying amongst the noppering». She picked it up, and brought it lo town, wliero sho obtained £3 10s. for a little nupget which her keen sight .^ad brought within hor grasp, lier good luck is duo" to the hastiness . of some miner or other in throwing" it off the hop penngs.-.TMarai Star, Oct. 20. ' 