.femmciciai Intelligence. SnnstSr* T-n* Wa h*Te S*dney nelrs t0 t,ie The quantity of gol Mint shipnei! iiv (I... (¡0. »."«.«.BeTMlbr Hongkong »mounted to lOGSoz. j ._**»« Northern Escort had arrived with 834 ot. 16 awb. of gold. The ' Herald' writes :-As Is usual at the close of the year, there Is no desire to enter into any transactions of importance, and until the Christ mas holidays are over we can hardly expect any material change in our markets. The following is the latest report of the state of our markets. Flonr continues dull of sale, but prices are nn "i^1*T- The roNleT' quotations are, fine flop- ' £19 per ton ; second», £17 per ton. WV per bushel. .., Liquids.-Ale, in bulk, fs . -*«t, 7s. of ¿rat-brand» have b»' ,erv mm The present on"' ^a made nL*. í""1 *»'« bulkH» - -¿««Ion t* £8 toe £f8J*r Nrshead. '*i«7r.-.:î7_d"»«"'It of stfe. .Í8"Í!-_ -Porter, f" "OTimnl. from li«. ~d lut Wefh^iS!?» »Witt, ?»nee not" »«t week has hip"' s» ?."- - ' ... -.< «d aintnined. .«ii-class samples ^tr-A. -There n»v*. ti ¿Vweek w»d I *AS*h "e1r transactions in teas T üí»r?» --' - 0°ldern do not appear desirous of 'W -«íes j but at the «ame timo it must be ?ñrr>.«ted'that huyera «« not inclined to operate at ¡tresant raie»; priées are, therefore, nominally the Mme, j T Coffee continues finn. The small parcel of F Manila, ex Neptune, has been sold in a lot, at full Si Tates, foi cash, for the Melbourne market. A Si portion of it bas, however, since lveen refold to the M 'trade,at li. ljd. to Is. 2d. per lb, in bond. The T remainder is, we understand, to be shipped for 'W Melbourne per next steamer. "Fat, cattle.-The msrl-et fs fairly stocked, and when this If the caso the butchers are careless »boat buying to arrive. Prices are firmer, and ¡there in more animation. Good primp beasts linve i/sen «soldat £4, «orne very slight heifer« fetched «9 It,, «pd good bullocks realised £4 to £4 ¿.Pat sheep.-The some remarks moy here apply jstrabove. Wethers, prime lind heavy, shorn, com '¿¿and foi. to 14s. "Atore Cattle.-Some first-class lots are now near ¡[Deniliquin ¡these, It i»contemplated, will well test ¿he ¿market. The price« an» not BO much .complained of aa the terms of payment, most cattle ibeTnganld at twelve months' crndit All bullocks '. { afcDeniliquin or Maiden's P int, are worth £3 10s. J *o'£3 lDi.,equal sexes £2 15s. to» £3 fls. Those on ' -the station In,New South Wales, may be purchased ¡at 39*. to 35*. Storei Sheep.-The demand is decidedly gon^ The pr^ce of wool uphold* this market materli' ,j.' V~ There ire very feVaheep for sale in New áou¿i¡ .^ Wales, where-wether* fete'A 10s. 6d. to \ls nná .. ewes (both sfcorn), 11«. to ils. 6d, M^n ewes *. «re Miling »tia. ATTEST MAW JAN& MARKET. Dramam 31.-Mair. » ^ w,. scarce, and in mucjn request, at 3a. per lu, 3nei wholesale. DBMMQ' JIN STOCK MARKET. F-jDAT Mwuaw / DBCKIOO« 21.-There is c marked »line In thef ^¿j-^iof f"t stock, and the chief decline .... cause operattr ¿ to produce the change is doubt too«- °* "'-"~*-"" " as thelmsaTla ¡uiiasnally loiig, it ia feared that und Met of supply no' 1 Bushfire» have commenced, and many <i| Ua ebiiafwrtl suffer. There ia alsounother c*ti>in «jpeTV.lroii.^vii!.;. the prospect of boiling dovnv lifc?«*-* ad re-tufr« to. Opinions differ na to the wecM»lty/ of the latter being so near at hand us anticipate»), andind are inclined to believe that although V/e «hall by and bye be compelled to have, rceours't to the tallow market-still that necessity is not tv mediate. * Sheei» arc not moving downward as yet, and al- though, there is no active demand for store, maiden, ewei an a saleable. There Is Inquiry for good store cattle, and au run1», have been pretty well cleared of surplus stock th/re in a probability Of a better price now being n'etalnad for good store bullocks and spayed coas. We have no sales Of importance t» record, the stock «f store about ¡Deniliquin being limited, and scarcely of average quality.-'Pastoral Times.' MELBOURNE MARKETS. FRO» Melbourne wo have papers to the 27th lilt. and telegram» to the 2nd inst. The 'Argu»'of the 27tli ult. reports as follona: i. ÍThe 'markets are without change this week. nWour1 huí been in belter'demand during the last few business days, and price* consequently firmer ; nut this may not continue, and certuinly the pros- pects here are not such as to justify the late ad vsnee at Adelaide, which could only have been caused bv the requirements of the moment for ti ,ig imurketêxceeding the quantity netu.illy on sulc, nt I the time. The milis.-A steady trade business was jonc on , Mon lay, but several ot the mills have b^en closed i today, transactions ha%o been light. Prie»»., arc, bowe* el, unchanged. First flour is '.|nr/tcd at £17 [/? per ton, Ha\ull und Gallego ut 40s lier ?jane] j bran, la. 3d. i*r bushel ; wheat, 6-1. 6il. roer, huihel. Wool, Tallow, 'Hidei, Ac,-Toe .usual sales of wool held on Weduesday li-.ve, owing to the Christmas holiday», not take!., «lace to-da\, anti no transactions Bince the nublic/sale held on Monday, reported in this day's issr-.e, have occurred. Live Stock.-Messrs. Power, Rutherford, and Co. supply the followin.g report:-" In consequence of its being Cliristraas week, business has been very slack, and th'« attendance of buyers limited. Fat Cattle.-On Monday we dispose« of 50 head cows and bollocks, of Mr. Kelly's averaging £6 7s. Dr. ling's also were sold same day at ordinary quotatlous. Some of the small prime cow« wiht-gt good figures. Bent bul ocks, £6 to £7 151. ; second ditto, £4 to £5 ; best cows, £4 to £5 As. j second ditto, £2 10i. to £3 lO.i. Fat, Sh</ep-JWe sold 600 of Mr. Fenton's at 12s. to I'M* arid not many more of other lots, ilest /wethersiat Us. to' 14s.-. second ditto, 9i. to los. ¿Ij»rabj.4-We have sold.ilr. Fenton's at ils. 3d. to 'lts.-9d.KlS0); Mr. Cajneron's at 8s. to 9s. (300) The demand was mot busk, the quality mediini." To-daV, Wednesday, has been generally obnei ved ns a holiday in the¡ import market, the majority of the mercantile Itotuea having closed shortly after the hour for posting letters by the mail via Mar- seilles. The auction marts have scarcely boon open, and many of the wholesale houses have either kept holiday altogether or closed ecj-ly. A speculative inquiry for candles was nru-oad in the early part of the day, and a few. sales weie effected. The stock and share market has been almost eloeed. There waa a small attendance of brokers thf) morning, but no business of importance was transacted. ADELAIDE MARKETS. Our fl|es from Adelaide ure to the 20th ultimo, and telegrams to the 2nd Instant. The 'S. A. Roister' gives the following report: Flour lu« been fn request to-day for shipping ping purposes, but tho supply has been very short. A'fair quantity, if it had been offered, might have found purchasers at £14 10s. Wheat continues much in demand, with very little offering. Prices remain st Ss. 6J. to 5s. 7d. at the port, in quantity ; 5s. 3d. for drayloads in town. Cape barley is rather more in demand, at 3s. to Si. 3d., with-little at present in the market. TASMANIAN MARKETS. Our dates from Tasmania are to the 21st ult. The Mercury gives the subjoined report of the markets k1 Hobart Town : There was but ono transaction in gr.iin to-day, that being the sale of a small piree! of vt lient at 7«. 6d.- -This price being the highest that lias been obtained for some time past, cannot be called the ruling figure, and we therefore still quote wheat nt in. -1 There wore no sales of oats or barley. lu flour thcro was the usual demand, the price being £17. "It will be seen by our telegram published elsewhere.that a slight imptovement had mani- fested itself in flour at Melbourne, and should this change continue, wo may expect a rise here before loag Hay" nas well supplied, but with a very limited demand nt previous rates. With reference to the rtate of the markuts at launceston, the ' Examiner' says . , <\Ve have little or no improvement to notice in general business since our last monthly issue. Stocks in town are heavy, und retailors ure only purchasing for immediate consumption. Hitheito business has lieen conducted too much without re- gard to the actual requirements ol'our market, and the result has been, as might be expected, unfor- tunate for both the importer and retailer. We trust that with the year about to commence a better system} will he inaugurated, and that importers will study their own interests, by more closely ob- serving the actual consumption and real wants of this market. The lite heavy rains, whilst render- ing sheep-shearing backward, have had in some eases a prejudicial effect upon the growing crops. In some distriots the wheat has been much laid, and the hay greatly injured ¡ but as the fine wea- ther appears now to have set In. there is every reason to hope that reports from the grain produ- cing distriots will be more favourable than u is nt one time anticipated. Nearly one half of our wool clip has now reached town, and has been shipped. Tin St« oj Twrawia bai » fullflargoof 2400 balee; on.Doard, and proceeds to sea on Saturday (this day); and the clipper Westbury has 700 bales stowed, np I ¡s rapidly filling up, and will leave alwtit tin- first week in January. The Far West end Dunorlan, from London, nre both due, and in.iy I oiirîy be leo] ed for. T'ie arrivals during the month have been the Antipodes, with immi- grants nnd cargo, and the Renown, with general i argo, both from London. We cannot note any improvement in the grain market since our last summary ; on the contrary, pi ices have considerably declined, chiefly conséquent upon large arrivals »* Victoria and Svdney ol' breadstuff's and o-' California ana Valparaiso, and " . ."' that more vessels laden "."" , -.'if. "om way; business is ti- *'}.» Intelligence the transar-»' -"»n P?/" «"; on tlle"¡ ¿JIP r .. -^i-eiore very dnll, and many of ...uns effected nre at a serious loss to \- »ellem. Flour, which was quoted in our last summary firm nt £18 for quantity, bus declined to £16 and £17, although some of the millers are asking£17 l(h. Wheat has fallen from 7s. 9d. and &. to 6s. and 61.3d., with but very little en 3niry. Oats have gone down to 3s,. and rar.ny euler» who parchased at a mach highor figure are compelled to sell nt this quotation. Hay has re- ceded to £4. New potatoes Si. per 112 lbs. Butter nooiin»!. Floor, by the bag, 36s. 