Local Intelligence. COURT OF PETTY SESSIONS. CHARGE OF PULLING DOWN RAILS.-- Last Tuesday, before Messrs. Newcombe, Hayley, and Wright, a little lad named Andrew Hor- rocks, of Canberra Plain, appeared on sum- mons, charged by George Frederick Dixon, with having on the 8th instant, unlawfully and maliciously thrown down two middle rails of the fence surrounding his wheat crop. Mr. Freestone defended Horrocks; and Mr Scrivenor conducted the case for the prosecu- tion. The information on oath of Sarah Dixon, wife of the complainant, was read, to the effect that on the day named she was standing in her paddock and saw the defen- dant approach the fence and pull down the rails mentioned, which were several panels apart. This information was true. She was about 200 yards distant at the time; was sure it was defendant she said; followed him and saw him turn down the lane to his own house. It was a good while after dinner-time that the affair took place. Mrs. Dixon's evidence was supported by that of her daugh- ter, who was witness to the fact; she knew the boy; he was on foot; had a bundle on his shoulder; there was no horse near. For the defence, Mr. Freestone, in calling his witnesses, said from the evidence he should produce, their worships would perceive that the case was one of mistaken identity; he should prove that the boy was not out of sight of his adopted parents all that day. His statement was borne out by the evidence of John Wainwright, and Lucy Wainwright, his wife, whose adopted child the defendant was. Mr. Wainwright deposed that from early in the morning till night the boy was employed by him hilling corn, with the ex- ception of half an hour after dinner, when he went on horseback to fetch up another horse; and Mrs. Wainwright deposed that while he was away on horseback he was not out of her sight. The Bench were sorry to see such conflicting evidence, and dismissed the case. MALICIOUSLY DAMAGING WHEAT CROP.-- The same complainant then charged the same defendant with having on the 10th instant wilfully and maliciously damaged his wheat crop by driving pigs into the same. Com- plainant valued the damages done, at £2. Sarah Dixon proved that she saw John Flyn's daughter turning two pigs out of her father's paddock; saw Horrocks come with his whip and dog and willfully drive the pigs into her husband's wheat-crop; witness went to the boy and told him he should not put them into her paddock. A neighbour named Munday was looking on laughing; she told defendant she would have him summoned to Court; he said he did not care, that he inten- ded to put them into witness's paddock.--Jo- sepha and Elena Dixon corroborated their mother's evidence; but in cross-examination the former denied that she sat on the fence and kept the pigs in Wainwright's paddock. \--For the defence Margaret Flynn was called, and deposed that the pigs, which belonged to a man named Hope, were trespassing in her father's paddock, and that she drove them out on to the plain; they went towards Dixon's paddock; saw a boy come from Dixon's and drive the pigs into Wainwright's paddock; watched (?) the pigs after go towards Dixon's (?) Horrocks went and got his hat, whip, and dog, and went to Dixon's paddock to drive out the pigs.--The Bench found defendant guilty, and sentenced him to pay the mitigated damages of £1, with a penalty of 2/6, and £1 19s. 4d costs; and cautioned him that for a second offence of the kind he might go to gaol for six months; and for a third charge be committed for trial by jury, and if found guilty be imprisoned for twelvemonths and whipped. There were two other cases on the summons list, under articles of the peace, but in both cases there was no appearance. On Monday a case of furious riding against one Terrell, was heard by the Police Magis- trate, who dismissed the case considering that there was no proof of life being endangered thereby. SCHOOL EXAMINATION AND TREAT.--On Friday last the usual Christmas examination of the children attending the Christ-church day school was had in the school-house, when the children acquitted themselves in a highly satisfactory manner. Most of the children, including some who little more than twelve months ago were unacquainted with the al- phabet, were found capable of inditing within a few minutes very creditable letters, with but few grammatical or orthographical errors, some addressing their teacher and others their friends in a style of composition that children of an older growth might not be ashamed of. The general proficiency and evident progress called for a larger distribution of prizes than has been made for some years past. Shortly after the examination, which was not conclu- ded until nearly two o'clock, the children, numbering about forty, again assembled at the school-master's residence, and proceeded thence to the township reserve in front of the Court-house, where the afternoon was devoted to cricket, racing, blindman's-buff, and other sports, till tea time, when they did ample justice to the supply of good cheer provided for them. It is to be regretted that though some of the residents of the town showed their interest in the welfare of the children by their attendance on the day's proceedings, the members of the Local Board with the ex- ception of the reverend chairman, were pre- vented by various caues from doing so.-- Communicated. WESLEYAN COLLEGIATE INSTITUTION.--The Rev George Hurst, of Sydney, a minister of some standing in the Wesleyan body, is at present in this district, as a deputation from the Educational Committee of that church. Mr. Hurst's misson is to explain the nature of a higher-class educational scheme proposed to be set on foot in this colony in connection with Wesleyanism. Yesterday a public meeting in furtherance of this object was to be held, at Parkwood, Gininderra- creek, of which no report has yet come to hand. To-day the Rev. Mr. Hurst, with the Rev H. H. Gaud, of Yass, are expected to arrive in Queanbeyan, and Divine service is announced to be held in the Wesleyan Chapel at half-past three o'clock in the after- noon, when the former gentleman will preach, and at the close of the service explain the ob- ject of his visit, and urge the claims of the proposed institution, in aid of which a collec- tion will be made. It is to be hoped there will be a good attendance of the public at service this afternoon, as Mr. Hurst is a min- ister of some note in the Wesleyan Church in this colony. CORRECTION.--In the report of the accident which appeared in our last issue, we have since been informed, there were some errors which we cannot in justice allow to pass un- corrected. In the first case, the sufferer's name was Patrick Smith, and the accident occurred, not on this side of Tuggeranong as reported, but on the Lanyon side of that sta- tion. The accident was occasioned by the horse that Smith was riding stumbling over a log it was endeavouring to leap; and the injury the unfortunate man sustained was a dislocation, not a fracture, of the shoulder joint.--In the second case, the sufferer, Magennis, who is a horse-breaker, was riding a young horse, which fell over on him and very seriously injured him internally in the region of the chest. The accident occurred on Sunday, and it was not until the following Thursday that Magennis was pronounced out of danger. Dr. Hayley was the medical at- tendant in both cases. BUSH FIRE.--NARROW ESCAPE OF A STAND- ING CROP.--We have several times this sum- mer noticed the prevalence of bush-fires, owing to the ignitible nature of the parched vegetation and debris of the bush, but in no instance have we had to record any serious loss resulting from these conflagrations. Last week, however, a fire took place on the Gin- inderra-creek, which raged with more than ordinary violence, threatning to enter the enclosures and crops of the settlers in the vi- cinity; and notwithstanding that every exer- tion was made by several persons to extin- guish the fire, it caught the fence of Mr. William Southwell's wheat paddock and ex- tended to the first land of the grain, but was fortunately beat out without doing any mate- rial damage to the crop, but not before it had consumed about thirty panels of fencing. The paddock was thus opened to the bush, and until the crop is taken off has to be watched night and day. BOXING DAY SPORT.—To-morrow, being Boxing-day, as it is termed, will be devoted to pleasure seeking by all. Independent of any private arrangements for holiday-keeping we notice that the caterers for public amuse- ment have provided races to come off on the Jerrabomberra course, the programme of which appears in another column, and in the evening a ball at the Oddfellows'-hall. We have heard of nothing else; and are glad to notice that we are to have no such shameful and degrading exhibitions as are advertised to take place in the neighbouring township of Collector, where a publican announces that he will have "climbing a greasy pole for a cabbage-tree hat, jumping in bags for five shillings, two old women grinning through a horse's collar for a bottle of rum!!" Thank goodness, we have not come to that state of things in this town.—At Gundaroo, also, there are to be races on Boxing-day, the programme of which will be found in our advertising columns. SURVEY OF CONDITIONAL PURCHASES.--Mr Licensed Surveyor Thompson has received in- structions to survey the conditional purchases of the following persons, should they apply: \--Simon Ferry, and Patrick M'Laughlan. COURT OF REQUESTS.--The usual bi- monthly sitting of the Court of Petty Sessions for the recovery of small debts falling on New-year's-day, which is of course a general holiday, we are in a position to say, that (al- though we have no positive authority for the assertion) the court will be merely opened pro forma, and adjourned till Tuesday, 6th of January. Consequently it will be perfectly safe for all persons desirous of a holiday, and yet having business at the court that day, to absent themselves until the following Tuesday. APPREHENSION OF SUSPECTED FORGERS.-- It will be in the recollection of our readers that a forged cheque, purporting to be drawn by George Campbell, Esq., of Duntroon, was attempted to be passed at Mr. Wright's store, a week or two back, and that the person ten- dering it escaped from the store, when he saw that suspicion was aroused, and was not af- terwards heard of. No one in the store could identify the guilty party; but senior-constable Watson had sufficient grounds for suspecting two strangers, who were in town at the time, of being concerned in the forgery, and from that time till the present the police appear to have had them constantly under their eye. On Tuesday these men left town in the direc- tion of Bungendore. Yesterday senior-con- stable Watson went in pursuit of them, and at Sparrow's Inn found that they had there passed a cheque signed, "George Campbell," for £10 2s. Following on their tracks, he overtook them at the Long Swamp and ar- rested them on charge of passing a forged cheque. They gave their names as J. W. Ramsey and Thos. Nutter, and Ramsey at once admitted having made the cheque passed at Sparrow's. They were lodged in Queanbeyan lock-up last night, and will be brought up on Friday for examination. Se- nior-Constable Watson is certainly deserving of praise for the skill and perseverance he has displayed in this capture. A great public meeting was held on Satur- day in Sydney, to protest against the misap- propriation of the Lancashire Relief Fund, which has been partly devoted to education- al purposes. Dickson, who stole Burke' watch, has been sentenced to one month's imprisonment. A child named Horace Pawley, son of Mr. Pawley of Bourke-street, was killed by the falling on his neck of the heavy lid of a chest into which the poor little fellow was leaning (?) when the lid fell. The interment of the remains of Burke and Wills is fixed for the 22nd of January. At Kyneton, Victoria, the Criterion Hotel has been partially destroyed by fire, and the landlord arrested on suspicion of arson. At Colac, Victoria, a boiler explosion took place at Hannock's Steam Flour Mills. Cap- tain Hannock died from the injuries he re- ceived, and six others are not expected to survive. 