SYDNEY NEWS. LANCASHlRE RELIEF FUND. (Abridged from S. M. Herald.) A meeting was held on Monday, in the Masonic Hall, to take into consideration the mode in which the money sent to England for the relief of the distressed opera- tives had been expended. The proceedings were commenced at twenty minutes past tour, when the Mayor of Sydney took the chair. The hall was at that time about half-filled, but it subse- quently became crowded in every part. Among those present were the venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, the Rev. Canon Walsh, the Rev. G. H. Stanley, the Rev. T. Smith, the Rev. G. H. Moreton, the Rev. J. Richardson, the Rev. J. Voller, the Rev. J. L. M'Skimming, the Rev. Dr. Lang, M.L.A., Mr. Wilson, M.L.A., Mr. Gordon, M.L.A., Mr. Stewart, M.L.A., Mr. Hoskins, M.L.A., Mr. Leary, M.L.A., Mr. Sutherland, M.L.A., Mr. Dalgleish, M.L.A., Mr. Kemp, M.L.C., Mr. R. Towns, Mr. Mort, Mr. J. Thompson, Mr. S. Thompson, and several other large subscribers to the funds. There were also five or six ladies in the gallery. The Chairman saul that on the 19-li July lasthecalled a pub io meeting tor li c p irpcs) ot starting a subscrip- tion for tho relief cf the distressed operatives in Lanca- shire. He lud oalled th" persent mooting lo take into consideration the way in hieb the money rmsed had been appropriated by the gentlemen in Lngland who had been entrusted with ils distribution. Having thus briefly stated the object ot the meeting, ho concluded hy bespeaking a fur he nmg for every speaker who might address tho assembly. Mr. C KKIII>, M.L 0, san] the observations he had to make wciu simply anurrailveof what hid trtken (dace < n the 19lh July, a geneial^meeting wa» beldon the uulject Hie resolutions passed ut that meoting wero uheidy woll known Ho recapitulated them, and read ilio loiter sent lo the com niileu in london requesting them to apply the money ' in the manner beslcaculateil to incut tho pressing ne equities ot those «ho stand in need ol niMstatCd," enid *ir Daniel Loopoi's leply nc knoivleilguig lhe svmo, nid stating Ins opiuiuli ns lo the great ueeej tier t, e remittances, und his detest minatton to go to 1 uneislnre (it i toeisn \ ) to ascertaiu whether the committee lu Mieiiul ester or lu it in London would bo the best medium for its proper distribution. lho llev W M Cowpir, Dean of Sydnor, in o very Uni),einte ne cecil, «xprettlve ot tie disappointment ot all conlribitiora to the Minti, ns to the manner ot ita día trlbiilion, moved the first resolution - That, In the opinion of this mcotinp, the funds subscribed by Hie inhabitants ot New Smith Walis, tor the relief ol Hie distressed opei alive sol the Liniteii Kingdom have-not been appro) riuled in tile manner intended hy ttic subscribers or in accordauce with tile resolutions passed at the public meeline; on the Will July last, or willi lhe Instructions conveyed in tho letters Iroen the treasurer aud secretaries He further expressed his belief that hud the gentlomen to whom the mousy was intrusted, oorreotly known the teeliugs which prompted the meeting of the 19th July last, they would never have thought ot applying the tunela as they had done. , The Rev. Dr Lang, M.L.A , seconded tbe resolution, and concurred m the general opinion that there bad been a real and gnovou« misappropriation of the bounty of this colony, lhere w s nothing more plain sod in- telligible, and nothing more universally understood than the object of tie meeting of the 19th July, which was simply to lee! the 1 ungry and clothe the naked, and supply exeernal or artiiictnl heat to those who were on Ibu verge of srurvation, but Instead oi this tho Hinds had been ' transformed into an educational grant for the people of L ngland " He did not hesitate to say this was not the obje t the money was given loi, therefore a gross misappropriation lind taken place, indicating such a want of otyTOinoii «BOBO on the pirt ol those that made it as to amount, almo't to oulpability. Mr. Buckland tencirked that there should not be such a sweeping condemnation of abseilt parties whole intou | tiona were of the veiy best. Ho continued amidst up- roar, cries ot " turn him out," Ao , to détend the gentle- men at borne, and protested against suoh language as that used by Dr 1 ang ile moved as an amendment That, In the opinion ol tills mee lnrr, the Instructions aeot home hy the secretaries should have been more expliolt Mr. Nathan, senior, secot ded the amendment. Mr Justice Wiso argued that both food and instruc- tion had been supplied with the money, and held that the committee at home could better judge of the actuel re- quirements of tbo iieople than the |>eople m this colony, ile moved as a further amendment 'that this meeting admits that tile money transmitted to Eng land liaB been empluyed iu relieving* the distress, but it regrets that ttie iieuuey was not glvea in a more direct iimuuer tur tim relict c1 the suMerlug Mr. J. Ö: iucbardson seconded the amendment, which he thought stud all that under the ciroumstanoos was re- quired. Mr. J. S. Wbito supported tbe origin»! motion. The Rev Tims. Smith supported the list amendment. as did also Mr Mort. Mr Cox thought these two latter gentlemen were trying to lead the people from the question. The Rev J L. M'^kimming also denied that the fund h»d boen properly expended. " Mr Smith" he Bald "had treated them to a poetic display, but he had made a statement with which he did not agree. Was it correct to say that because the girls were poor, therefore they were prostitutes? He denied it." Mr. Smith made four attempts to speak in explana- tion, but the people would not hear him. The Chairman then proceeded to put the last amend- ment (that moved by his Honor Mr. Justice Wise) which was negatived by a large majority. The amendment of Mr. Buckland was then put, and also negatived. The original motion was then put, and carried by a very large majority. At this stage of the proceedings a large proportion of the people left the Hall. Captain Towns moved the next resolution:— That in the opinion of this meeting, the money diverted to edu- cational purposes ought to be refunded and applied to the purpose for which it was originally intended. Alderman J. G. Raphael seconded it, and it was carried. The Rev. Mr. Richardson then moved the next resolu- tion:— That Instructions be forwarded by the outgoing mail to Sir Daniel Cooper, Edward Hamilton and James Macarthur, Esqs.—that any monies not already expended and any contributions which may hereafter be received, be applied to the relief of the physical distress of the suffering. Mr. D. Morrison seconded the resolution, which was then put and carried. A vote of thanks to the Mayor terminated the proceed- ings, and the people dispersed at twenty minutes past seven. THE WEATHER AT GRAFTON.—The Herald's corres- pondent says - 'He wea her has obanged considerably for the better Last week the heat was unbearable, hut now although the mornings are generally olose, we hive delight!ni breeza« and sometimes showers toward «unset A terrifia thunderstorm pasted over in successive ' beltB' on hominy last " HURT v O ITOEII - This celebrated sporting case has again come before the Supreme Court, and the d'oision of theju Ige again reversed " The glorious uncertainty of the law us administered in the Supreme Court ot New bouth Wales m the year 1862" is ti e heading given to the matter bv the I mpire of Triday 19th I IIB nLLtOFO IYoOom OF THE '-OHOOLSIASTEri OF II M S 1'ioNKFB - lins hag been ascertained to be a feet beyond a eloubt It is reported that his off ince wa« drinking a glass of wine or spirits which bad been left on the cihin table-1 mpire, Dec 19. IATAI ACCIOKNT AT LAMB'S WHARP-An inquest was held on the boJy ot William fcordv.ee Alore, on rimrsdav, and tho verdict returned was " Died from in- juries accidentally received.- h mpire, Dec. 19 fiiE llt.'TU:r CASE-lins rather remarkable case, willoh has supplied material for the consideration of a committee of the Assembly to discuss, will be brought to its original state by the prorogation of Tarliament MLERAT COD-Mr Edward Hill lum succeeded in convoying upwards of two hundred of the Murray cod from that river lo the Nepean.-Herald, Dec 19 Sin J H War IN - Fins muoh oolehrated theatnoal a^entdied on riittrsdiy night, in his roora, at tatter- sall'« Hotel, Pitt-street, b)liney, the cause of death w is di»easo of the heart -Herald, Dec l8. Ti ooD AT AnAiuKN-A groat flood has ocenrred at Aroluen, and has ii led up all the claims, buried the mining tools and carts, ami otherwise done great mis ohtef, and causal severe loss to the dij/gers there , also causing the death of one mau named Frodenck Booton, whose body has not yet been recovered, lhe hail at Bell's Creek is said to have been as large tis marbles, the body of n man has been found in the valley but whether that of leeton or not is not yet ascertained - Braidwood Dispatch, Dec 17. TATAL ACCIDENTS-A young man nnmed John Bell has been drowned in the late Hood His body has not been found Anothor hue young man, named James Campbell lost lim life on baturday, the 18th instant, by being thrown from a horse be waa riding. He was only twenty five years of age and much respected.-Braid- wood Dnpatch, Dec. 17. LUE WRATHER AT (OOMA.-The weather continues dry an I hot. Water is becoming particularly scarce, and cattle fied quite a scarcity, lhe thermometer keeps low, but theberometer keeps up, and seems to baye a tendency to go higher. I n Wednesday it stood at 82-2 in the shade , yesterday wonld be something in excess of this-Monaro Mercury, December 19 DEATH FROM litJKNina -Dr Waugh held an inquest yesterday, on the body of 1'nilly Fowell, a child seven- teen months old, who was severely scalded on '.tuesday, by filling into a pot ot boiling water, and who diel on lhe etiHiimg day from the injuries she received -Goul- burn Chronicle, December ¿0 Ila OTA t. (J errie A el.-A bout two years ago a man named Slattery wus connoted at the VHSS Quarter Sessions of stealing sheep, the property of Air. 1 bomas Wilding, of Gunnary Creek, anti sentenced to three years in Goul- burn gaol. Atout & month since the remainder ot hi« sentence was remitted, and he returned to the same neighbourhood where his wifo is residing A few day« silica, while Mr \\\i ding was driving some shoep near the place where blatter) is living, that person hud some alteioatinn with bim, and, lifting a spade, dealt a blow at Air Wilding, cutting through the flesh of the arm,and breaking the bono Slattery is agatu in custody -Tan Courier, ')ec 20. 1 nu WEATHER -Dnrwg the last few days the weather has beeu intensely hot, the thermometer rang- ing at midday from 86 deg to 90deg in the shade. Ibe nights, however, have been cool. Yesterday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, the mercury rose to 84 deg m a room having a westerly aspect - Yat» Courier, Dec SO. LADT Doi -We leam from the melbourne Herald, of the 15th instant, that Lady lion with the reluotant oon sent of bir William's family, with whom she is residing in Kngland, has yielded to the pressing solicitations which have been addressed to her, to return to the stage, and makes her appearance in Liverpool on the 17th November. As it was in that town bir William and Lady Don played their farewell engagement before com- ing to Australie, her reception is likeiy to be enthusias- tic After playing for a i±w month« in Lngland, Lady Don contemplates revolting the colonies. THE LATE TATAL ACCIDENT AT KIAMA -On Wednes- day last an inquest was held at Kiama, before Mr Fry, coroner, touch ng the death of Ihomas William«, aged 20, whose death was recorded in onr last issue as having been occasioned by the fall of many tons of earth upsn him, while cngagsd in his vocation as laborer st the Harbour Works lhe funeral was attended by a large number ot Welshmen, some of whom bad gone from bydney to Kuma tor the purpose of being present al it 1 hev sang nn anthem in Welsh at the funeral to a very tcuching melody, mil nero deeply alleoted. Tear» were seen copiously trickling down many a sun-burnt cheek, as tho solemn strain proclaimed that the earthly shell was about to be loweied into its fiaal resting placo - Illawarra Azores«, Die ¿0. CHILD BURNT TO DEATH-The City Coroner held an inquest at the Storm King Inn, Chippendale, yesterday, on the body of an infant named Elizabeth Durand, aged three months, the unfortunate child who was burnt to death on the Waterloo estate, on Wednesday last. It appeared 'that the mother locked her three children in the home about one o clock, and went to a butcher's shop. While she was away the little boy, of about four years, got the matches and set fire to some straw near the bed The flames spread to the bed, and in a few moments the place was on fire. Sorne neighbours ran to the house, seeing the smoke, and rescued the two elder children, but the poor little infant lying on the bed was burnt to death the house, a weatherboard one, of two rooms, was burnt to tho ground, Verdict, " Died from the in- juries received by the house taking fire, but how it took fire we have no evidence to determine."-S M Herald, Dec 21 UABCOAB MAIL liOBUERT, FURTIlER PABTIOUUBS \e»terilay morning, as the lorben end Lambing Flat mall was proceeJing Lorn Cowra to Bit hurst, and when e heut, nine miles f oui Cours a m m well mounted on a brown horse, armed with a revolver, and his face cov red with a piece of white lino i »Ith two holes m It to unible him to see, rushed out of the bush lu front of the horse« and ordered the coiiohman to pull up, which he di I. He told the pissengcrs-two gentlemen and a lady-to alight, and deliver up tbeir money , but not being latufied with tho am inn*, he returned it to them, he thon «eut tbem about fifty yards from the coaoh in different directioi s, and then ordered the coachman to throw down the mail-bags, when, having opened them and «elected a number of letters, he mounted hi« hone and galloped off As soon as the news resched this place, all the available loree of police was despatched to enleavour to secure the highwayman, bat, as many hours will havj elapsed before they can get tp whore the rob- bery took place, as the robber was well mounted, I am afraid they will nut sticcoed in app ebendlng bim at pre- sent- Correspondent of Lachlan Observer, Dec. 17. PASLiAiiENTAar txiQUKTTE-I he procee lings in the Assembly yesterday were nearly being enlivened by a little episide (hat would have called for the aotive interference of the Sergeant-at-Arms One hen. gentle- man having thwarted anotl e*r in proposing a motion that he desired to have put without notice, a warm oolloq ty ensued (scarcely ¡otto voce) «otos« the table, and one word bringing on another, the two alike forgot the dignity of the pLce, «ml proceeded to those peculiar gesticulations which u nully preoede a scuffle-one saying loudly to the other ' I'll pull your nose" Happily tor their own sakes, a member who sat near tbem inter- fered, and was about to bring the matter under the special attention ot tbe speaker, when both the would-be belligerents quietly subsided mloiilenoe.-S.U. Herald, Dec JO br MART'S COLLKUE, LTKDHURST.-The soholar« of this establishment-one of the best educational semin- aries in the colony-were «»»embled in the hall of the institution, at noon on thursday, to rtvaive, according to the annual castora, the usual prizes as reward« ol merit lhese were delivered to them hy his Hxcellency bir John i oung 1 he Christmas dramatic performance took plaoe lu the evening the ball being crowded erith visitors friend« of the pupili-who, ia drama and burlesque acquitted themielve« with the greateit credit.-Empire, Die 3D, RrôovEar or TUE HODT OF rnEiiKRicn HURTOI -In I telltgenco reached town yesterday of the disoovery early in the morning of the body of Air Frederick Meelon, who wa« lost in the storm in a gully at the reirof tipper Araluen, on Sunday night last. lhe body was found jsrnmed between two looksnear Mr. Carver's, and the police took charge of the remains, which will be buried to-day.-Bratduood¡Obaerver, ,Dec SO. FIRE IN QEORQK-STRBRT -On Saturday night a firo broke out in George-street, in a room over a passage leading from Georgo-streot to Pitt-street, between the promises of Mr. So ivener and Prince, Bray, and Ogg The fire raged with much fury for some time, but wns got under by the vigorous exertion« of the fire bngaile The premises are insured m the Victoria and Pacific ofhoe«-Abridged from S M. Herald. Tnt CAPTAIS OF TUB BESJOOUTN-At the Water Police Court on Saturday, William Watson, master of the ship Itengollyun, on daily remand since luesday, having been o aprehended on warrant the preceding day, was charged with having, on or about the mouth of August last, on hoard his vessel, and whilst on the high seas violently and feloniously a»anlted, and feloniously and against, her will, ravished and carnally known ona Elisabeth Lewis, late stewardess on board his vessel Complainant deposed that she waa a married woman, and engaged at the London Docks to fulfil the duties as stewardess during the passage to Sydney. She was to reoeive £ IO and a free passage. The vessel left London about the month of August About nine o'clook ona Saturday evoning about three weeks alter the vessel had sailed, complainant brought prisoner hi« supper to him in his cabin. He remarked to her that she was not looking well, and persuaded her to take a little brandy He then sent ber to the pantry for a bottle of pickles, and on her return offered her a nine glass full of brandy, remarking that there was water in it,and it would not hurt her. She drank the brandy, and a little conversa- tion between them respecting the passago and the passengers followed She then becanio unconscious, and on her returning to oonsotonsness some three or four hours afterwards found herself nndresse d, and in prisoner's berth. He was there also From the further evidence of the complainant, it appeared that prisoner had com- mitted the offence oharged. She struggled with lum, and o tiled tor assistance He on hearing footstep» approaching leaped from the berth, and the steward then entered the cabin. Mr Greerconducted the prosecm on, and Mr H Johnson appeared for the detence Tho ex- amination of witnosse« ooeupied the Court till a Ino hour eaoh afternoon. I'nsonor was committed to take Ins trial at the next sittings of the Court of goil delivery to bo holden on the 30th Marob, 186) Hail allowed, prisoner in £200 with two sureties of £100 each. Empire, Dec. 23. ACCIDENTAL DROWNISO -Tbo City Coroner hold tin inqsest at bt. Leonard's, on Mondas, on the body of a oin d named Charles Gruppe, aged three >oars, who was accidentally drowned in a well on Suurdav, lest It ap peared lrom the evidence that the child, whose father, a German is in the employ of Air. Lor I, of bl. I nonard's, was p'aying about on Saturday evening last, when sud- denly it was raivsed, «nd lound drowned in a well clo-,0 to its father's residence. Vordiot, "Accidentally drowned "S. H. Herald, Dec. 23 FATAL ACCIDENT-A melancholy accident, by which Mr. Fonlkee, ot Camden, a much respected colonist, un- fortunately lost hi« hie, occurred at Mingeoarribbe , near Berrima,on Thursday last. It uppars that Air. ronlkes was out opossum shooting on Mr Uxley'sestate, when by some accident his gun went oil in h s hand, tho charge entei ing his bead. 1 ho unfortunate gentlemen expired about tvo hours after the accident occur red. bmpire De' 23. Tim WEATHER AT MOIONO.-The weather is still very dry and hot, scarcely a blade of grass to he got tor the oattle all around IIB. There have been bush-fires III every direction. The orops are nearly all secured-what there ia left, reaping is nearly done. Much of the wheat has been cut for ba>, and some left to sow the land for an- other season. Hie Molong crack is nearly dry, and much inconvenience u experienced by the inhabitants m pt o curing water for drinking and cookory purpose» JViany of ibu stockholders m this district are preparing to trav el their sheep, as tbey have neither grass n r water for them M mir gloom and uneasiness prevails on every mind, in consequence, of the drought - Correspondent Western Lxaminer, Dec. 20. THE LATE V URDSR IN BEBBIJIA GAOL -We are enabled to state that the course taken by the Government for the purpose of penetrating the mystery that had surrounded the death of Mr Craig, late warder in liomin v gaol, has been attended with satisfactory results An inquiry »ns instituted before Mr Allman, I'oiice Magistrate of Goulburn, assisted by the Sheritl lhebolyot the de- ceased was exhumed, and the evidence of Dr Aaron, who had proceeded to Barrima for tim purpose of making a post mortem examination, weis conclusive with respoet to the fact that the skull of the deceased had boon bit tered in by means of extreme violence 1 nrther inve - tigalion established a very clear prima facie ngintit ono of the prisoners m the gaol, and accordingly, alter a patient hearing of a few hours,' duration, tho nhnrgo was considered complete, and the prisoner wascommitted to take his trial for wilful murder-Empire, Dec 2 J . Sofala - Since my last I have to report the result of two rich crushings, viz -From 141 tons of quartz belonging to Messrs Wm Anderson and Co , a yield of 274 ounces has been obtained, and as regards the quantity of the gold, is about the best specimens that I have yet seen procured from our reefs. The other crushing referred to yield 80 ounces from 30 tons of quartz raised from the claim of Gale, Cummings and Co. There is every prospect in both claims of the stone improving as the shafts deepen. These satisfactory yield», and the large amount of labour employed in the various claims has given nn air ot cheerfulness to the town , and as it lil in contemplation to erect another engine at Dart'« Hill, it will prove a great boon to those miners working in that locality, (distint about 4 miles from Sofala A terrible quarrel commenced in the bed of the liver, to day between two parties of Chinese diggers, one side numbering sevonty-two, the other a few morn The dispnte arose through a party ot Chinese enoroaching upon a wJtor claim belonging to another company i he war, while it lasted, was cat ned on with great energy , stones, long- handled shovels, &o; , being freely used by tho belligerents, until the arrival of Joseph Walford, Esq , J P, who endeavoured by every possible means, assisted by 'tommy Hoy, the Government Clunes i interpreter, to restore tranquility. -Sofala Cor Bathurst Free Bress. Tag PROTESTANT AND DODAT Bim ES-Tho Herald oi Thursday reports thefollowingoirciimstanceB, as occurring in the Metropolitan District Court, Wednesday belore Mr. Distnot Judge Dowling in the case of blew art v Hely and another, for breach of contract - ' When the jury were about to bo nworu in this eise, one cf their number-Mr. Kdward M'Encroe-Objected to be sworn except on a Douay Bible, stating that he did not see why I'rotestantsm »lionid be forceddown his throit. Ho bad heard that Mr Lucas, m ODO ot the Dublin Court9, objected to bo sworn on a protestant Bible, an 1 h s reasoning bad sosalisfied Inm(Mr M'tncroe)that beever sinoe adopted the s me course, and when he at tended a Court on his own business he al ways provided himself with a Douay teatiment, but when he attended on public business he did not think he was bound to do so, nor ought the Government to beso niggardly us to refuse to furnish one. Mr. Darley stated that it, nus within his knowledge that in tho Irish courts witnesses wet o sworn on tbe Protestant Bible Mr hancett thought the j trot's scruples ought to bo respocted lhe J a Ige it quested the bal iff to procure a Douay Bible, and during his ab- sence Lorn the Court, Mr. M'fir croe, again aeldressinglhe Judge stated that he had not been asked whether he had a Douay Bible with 1 nu, and then produced one lrom I is picket, upon which he was s v orn and the trial proceeded lhe action waB to recover £C0 " ATROCIOUS ODTBAGB -Margaret Courdy, a modest looking girl, aged btleen, was placed at the bar of the Central Police Court, on imlay, charged with cum- in tting an aggravated aBsautt in Campbelltown, upon a ohild, named William brant Maria Grant, ti o wife of Daniel Grant deposed that she lived in Holany street, and that the prisoner wa« under notice lo eiint her servio! when the particular occurrence took place Prisoner soled as nursemaid, and had chai geof her three children. Un Monday, at tour o'clock, witness went out for a couple of hour«, leaving the prisoner with the ohildren, and on her return she mude no mention of an accident having occurred totbeobild m questi n Un the foil wing day ( tuesday) prisoner said, "¿1rs Grant, winn you were out yesterday, the child knocked itself against i the stove and hurt itself. Witness »sked whether its hands we-e injured, and prisoner «aid no, it was its little lack. Wune«« then examined the ohild, and tonnd the word "store" branded on tbe posterior of the child Witness asked how it happened, and the prnoner accounted for it, by saying that she put the oluld upon a chair while she cut bread and butter, and the child had fallen against tbe stove Ve Hues» told her that it was im- possible. Prisoner then ran away, and was fcllownl by witness, who gave her in charge, (lhe child was exhibited to the ber eh, and the word "stove" was most diitmotly and prominently imprinted upon it« back ) The clothe« of the child wero neither singed noi burnt John It Lowe, a medical practitioner, deposed that he had been called in to attend the child and »fier having ?lowed both its body and tbe stove, was of opinion thal it mnat have been purposely held against It, for a fall would have produced a burn, and not have left such a distinct Im- pression of letters upon ita body Messrs. M'Ken ti a and Jeffrey« who appeared for the prisoner, contended that it was the result of an accident occurring io the way described by the prisoner -namely, the child falling against the shjjvi»-»nd urged upon the bench the im- probability of S"\ ' nob tender years, as the prisoner, intentionally committing «o cruel an act lhe Bench found the prisoner guilty, and sentenced her to pay a hne of £10, or undergo three months' imprisonment Mr. Roberts appeared for the prosecution.-Lmpire, Du. 12. TDK MATOO, OF RTDSET'S BALABY.-On Monday, Alderman J. G Raphael, in accordance with a notice of motion to that efiect, moved the rear ission ol the mo- tion carried at a previous meeting, the ttltot of which wa* the abolition of tbe Mayor's salary. After a very dugrtoeful personal squabble amongst a number ot the aldermen, a motion fur adjournment was carried, and Alderman Raphael's motion «a« therefore shelved - HtroM, Die. 23. 