FOKT WALLAROO. [From onr own Correspondent.] January 8. The weather for the past week has been intensely hot,, without the least indication of a change ; indeed, it seems that this is to be a remarkable summer — the one-half being unusually cool, stormy, and winter-like ; whilst the other lialf, ushered in with the advent of the new year, has run into the other extreme, as if determined to make up for lost time, by at once driving away Old Winter, and all traces of him, and compelling him to take refuge in his stronghold in the Antarctic regions ; there to remain uutil released from his. dreary imprisonment by the retreat of his fiery antagonist across the line. But I hope the old boy has still sufficient energy to make an occasional sally in our behalf, else the consequences will be most deplorable ; for if the roasting process continues much, longer, we shall, all be literally ' cooked.' I see you have had a long chapter , of accidents about Adelaide, and I am sorry to say we are not free from them here. An old man named Harry Corbettwas found drowned in the Bay to-day. We have also had our first fire in Wallaroo to-day. A tent, belonging to a family named Clark, was burnt to ashes in a few minutes, giving no time to save any of t he effects. The loss will be a heavy one to the poor family. The water in the wells at the sand-hills (which has been very plentiful since the 'late storm) is now becoming scarce again ; but I am happy to say that there is now a much better supply of distilled water than formerly. January 13. The tea meeting in the refinery took place at the appointed time, and went off with great eclat. I am sorry that my business engagements prevented my being present,' but I understood that my place would be ably filled by another gentleman, who, however, has since informed me that he had not forwarded his report* as the meeting did not separate before 11 o'clock p.m., and the mail was to leave at half-past 7 o'clock on the following morning, not giving him sufficient time to get up his report in a satisfactory manner. The day (Thursday, the 9th inst.) was the hottest we nave uaa rms summer, except to-aay, notwithstanding which a great number of people from Kadina and the surrounding mines were pre sent, and the services of Her Majesty the Moon having beeu secured to light them home, they were not in a particular hurry to break up what may be pronounced the best evening's entertainment they had enjoyed — or may enjoy for some time to come on the Peninsula. It was, therefore, a late hour of the night when the warning sounds of the 'bus driver's horn were heard calling on all who were homeward- bound to be off and away. I would wish, if it were possible, to describe the weather we have had to-day; but were I to use language adequate to the occasion, I fear it would burn the paper ! ' In tensely hot' gives but a poor idea of the actual state of the case, and should it continue until the arrival of the Lubra, our expected illustrious visitors may count on a warm reception. The Marion arrived here yesterday afternoon, and is now busy discharging cargo at the jetty. Gouge's ' still' has commenced work, and is acting well ; this will 'be a valuable addition to our water supply, which was very much required. I fear we shall have some extensive bushfires on the Peninsula this summer; we can see the smoke of two from the township, and there is another to the north of Kadina, the smoke of which I saw to-day. My compliments to your correspondent ' Lucy,' for whose satisfaction I have made all possible en quiries concerning the use of the initials P. G., &c.; In the absence of positive information on the sub ject, I have ventured on the following solution : — P. G. might mean something particularly good ; N. G. nearly as good ; and V. Gr. very good. As to X. T. Z., they are the last letters in the alphabet that I would think of using as initials, and am, therefore, unable to gratify ' Lucy s curiosity on that head, but possibly some other of your numerous corres pondents may be able to supply the desired informa tion. With regard to ' Lucy's ' complaint that ' there are now no funny speeches to read,' I am sorry I am not able to supply the deficiency, as the weather is much too hot for the facetious mood, nor do I think that people would be able to laugh even at a 'good thing' in such weather as this is ; and if 'Lucy' herself pretended to be funny just now, I would not believe 6he was serious. The cutter Kangaroo arrived this morning &om; Port Adelaide. 