NEW KNGLiAND. (Prom üic Armidale Ekpress, Nov. 8.) Accidents-We regret to state that Dr. West has had one of hiB ribs broken, between Tilbuster and town, by his horse snddonly shying and throwing its rider. We are happy to add, however, that the Dr is doing as well as could bo wished -A man namod M'Clennghan, resid ing at Bock Vale lins also been in town during the week, under the care of Di Spasshatt, having had his collar bone broken by an accident Return of a Colonist -We are happy to notice that Mr J H. Ihee, of Kuropambnla, Walcha district, ha» returned fiom I urope by the overland route and the mail Bteamer Madras, after enjoying a series of highly interesting travels through hngland, the Continent, Home, Naples, 1 gypt, &a; We have already mentioned our bellet that the visit of Mr ihee to the old countries will bo productive of benefit to the graziers of New Eng- land, from the arrangements he haB made for the impor- tation of rams of a very suponor class Ikstimonial to tub Armidale Postmaster-On Monday evening a publio meeting was held in the Wellington Inn, to consider the propriety of presenting Mr. John Mooro, late postmaster at Armidale, with a testimonial, for the manner in which he had performed the duties of that office The sum of £\ 12s. 6d, was sabscrihod in the room, and the Secretary and Treasurer intimated that sub<cnption lists would be supplied next murnmg to the members of the committee ACCIDENTAL DEATH -On Monday last Mr L Mark- ham, district coroner, held an inquest on the body of Andrew Watt, aged 10 years, at the residence of Mr. Thomas Watt, father of deceased on the Armidale Creek. It appeared, from the evidence, that the deceased, accompanied by a brother and a sister younger than himself, had gone to a tree in which there was a bird's nest, about half a mile from his parents' house, and that he climbed up to the nest, in attempting to come down, however, he fell, and was so severely injured as to remain unconscious. Doctors Spas- shatt and West attended, and after a consultation they agreed there was no hope of recovery Deceased died soon after 11 on tho night of the day when he was injured. The jury returned a verdict that deceased had been acci- dentally killed by falling from a tree (Deceased was the same boy who a short time ago was providentially rescued when lost in the bush, and on the point of entering the rough country at the Falls, where, in all probability, he must have perished.) lui Weather At Armidalf -The weather at Armi- dale, unfortunately, has more the nppiarauoe of a con. tmuinco of the drought than ever On Tuesday even- ing some soul came over fiom the eastward, but no thunderstoi in followed us was hoped Hie sun sots every evonini* blood-red, behind a lund haze of vapour and smoke, and the moon lins that peculiar silvery and daz?ling appeatance which was so frequently notioed in tho drought of IS J-'-9. The wheat generally is in ear, though muoh of it is very low, and there is no doubt that theautcession of hot days this week will diminish the crop, in some instunoes very seriously, if a change does not soon occur there will bo very little grass left, and muoh inoonvettienoe is now felt at many places away from main creeks by the want of water, home farmers have begun to cut their wheat for hay, and wheat is rising rapidly in price fur the little that is left from the miserable crop ot last year thermometer m our othoo ve» tord ay, at half-past four (80) being nearly 10 degrees higher than the maxi- mum observed on previous days (lYom the Tenterfield Chronicle, iiov 8 ) Toe Weather at Ibnterfield-binceour last pub- lication the weather has boon variable, alternating be- tween warm sunshine and cool cloudiness During the past two or three days thick clouds have occasionally risen from eastward, boaring strong indications of rain, but only to create feelings ol disappointment Awfui Upsn I'liti» -Information has been aflordedus of the occurrence uf afeirful bushfire on the Poverty Point r ad. 1»o travellers started on their journey from that plaoe to Tenterfield, on Sunday evening last, at six o'olook, and although they observed a dense smoko that morning, they did nob anticípalo there would be any danger in travelling along the road T hey had, howev er, only travelled five miles ero they were stopped by the fire, which was raging atitt roaring furiously. Seeing the utter impracticability of pursuing their journey, they turned their horses' beads I omewards again, bnt fanoy their horror when they found the fire had in the meantime reached that portion ot the road which they had just passed, on no count of a sharp bond which the road took at that place. II ey thus found themselves surrounded by the fire, which roared 1 ko a hurricane, the flames actually hoking the tops ot the tallest trees Peioiiving the awful danger of their position, they could not delay a moment, and the only means of escape from the terrible conflagration waa to descend a dangerously-pieoipitons mountain on the Damon Creek Range, through a portion of the burning grass, lo which held step they owed the safetv of their lives We are further informed that other fires were observed in the neighbourhood Cattle Dkaiiko-We have been informed that the company of Messrs King, Holt, and Croft, of the Ridge station, Gipp's Land, have purohased 2TO0 head of cattle of the Dut ham breed, branded D in diamond, from Woo roowo'gen btadon, on the Richmond, mar aged by Mr Sparkes. A largo stall of men and horses, under the direction of Mr statham, arrived in Brisbane by tie above company's own vessel, »nd are now in tins district to take delivery of 'he cuttle for tho purpose ot driving them overland to their destination lu Gipp's Land i he horses emplojed on this expedition are of rather superior description-in iact, a finer mob has never been seen m this district. 'Iho cattle purohased must be of t-xoellent breed, so as to coropsnaate the company for the great ex- pense which must attend their removal to suoh a distance in Victoria. 