SYDNEY NEWS. DEATH OF AN OLD COLONIST.—In the obituary for October, we find the death of H. H. Macarthur, Esq., recorded. He was in his 75th year, and died at his re- sidence, Upper Norwood, Surrey. The deceased gentle man was first oonsin to the Maosrthur» of Camden. He was an old and well-known colonist.-Empire, Jan. 17. TUB EMIGRATION LEOTBBER».- Wo learn from a private souroe that Mr. Parkes is bniily ongaged in mak- ing iuvestlgations into the system of prison discipline at present in opération in England | and that he transmitted to the colony, by the mail just to band, a very elaborate rebort respecting the subject whioh had «o largely en- gaged his attention. It is said that both Mr. Dalley und Mr. ParkeB speak in rather desponding tone» of the suooess of their1 mission at emigration looturers in the agricultural distriots. Amongst the mining population, however, a greater desire Is evinoed to take advantage of any facilities whioh may be offered.-Empire, Jan, 17. ATTEMPTED SUICIDES.--A servant girl, aged 17, named Mary Rowden, in the employ of Mr. Webster, of the Daniel Webster Hotel, Newtown, attempted to poison herself by taking sugar of lead, about ten o'clock on Wednesday evening last. On the circumstance becoming known to Mr. Webster, he sent for Drs. Sedgwick and Schryder, both of whom at once attended, and by the speedy administration of antidotes, counteracted the effects of the poison. She was subsequently removed to the residence of her parents, and hopes of her recovery are entertained.--A similar attempt was made by a girl named Harriet Fitzpatrick, aged between 16 and 17 years, residing with her brother-in-law, in Valentine's- lane, off George-street South, by the aid of laudanum, purchased at the shop of a neighbouring chemist, about half-past eight on Thursday morning. She had entered the water-closet, when her sister, who was standing near the door, observed a small phial in her hand. She went in and saw Fitzpatrick quite rigid. She was carried into the house, and Dr. Aitken at once called in, who, by applying the stomach pump and several antidotes, succeeded in extracting a sufficient quantity of the laudanum to allow hopes of her ultimate recovery. The causes leading to the committal of the rash act on the part of either person are unknown-Empire, Jan. 18. ' AFFKCTINO CIRCUMSTANCE-Among the passengers by the La Hogue, whioh sailed vo8lerday,"for London, were 'the Roy. W. 'Cuthbertson, . Mrs. Cuthbertson, and three children. The youngest of Mr. Cuthbertson'« family, an infant about ten months old, had been ailing for some time, but nothing serious wai apprehended. Shortly after going on board the La Hogue, however, on Wed- nesday, dangerous symptoms manifested themselves, and during the night the poor child died. As the vessel was on the point of sailing, Mr. and Mm. Cuthbertson were obliged to entrust the corpse of their child to their friends, and yesterday morning before their departure the body wa» brought on shore for interment. Their sndden bereavement, under such distressing circum- stances, has caused a large amount ot sympathy for Mr. and Mrs. Cuthbertson in all classes of the community! We believe that their stay in England is not likely to bo a very lengthy one ; and we aro sure that their return at an early poriod in invigorated health, will be hailed with lively satisfaction, not only by their immediate friend« and oo-religioniats, but by the colonists gene- rally.-Empire, Jan. 17. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE.-Our 'Penrith correspondent re- ports the occurrence of a disastrous fire, on Wednosday, the 14th instant, by which about SOO bushels of wheat inn hii.l,al* nf nula »nd «Knr.» ««»"" #"". "f 1,..._i oonsumed at the farm of Mr. R Childs, on the Nepean River. The property was housed in a barn built of timber, the whole of whioh is completely destroyed. There is to be an enquiry on to-morrow. It is the general opinion that ttiii is the work of an incendiary, as this is the ttilrd fire in the same neighbourhood, and within a distance of two miles, in one week's timei The lois to the owners in the three Instances cannot bo less than £1200. It is rumonred that the Coroner is about to move tbe Government to offer a reward for the detec- tion of the guilty parties.-5. M. Htrald, Jan. 17. D«. BLAND.—A preliminary meeting of the friends of Dr. Bland was held on Monday evoning, at the'Oolon nade Hotel, for the purpose of taking into consideration the services of Dr. Bland, with the view of patting his olaims to a publio acknowledgment prominently before theoolony. Mr. N.D. Stenhouse occupied the chair. On the motion of Mr, Dalgleish, M.L.A., seoonded by Mr. Egan, ML.A., it was resolved to forward a requisition to the Mayor of Sydney to convene a publio meeting for the consideration of Dr. Bland's claims. The chairman, Mr. Dalgleish, and Mr. Thompson were appointed a sub- committee to draw up the requisition, and also the reso- lutions to be submitted to a publia meeting -Abridged from the S.M. Berala, Jan. 21. It appears that great excitement exists at Kiandra in oonneotion with the inquiry into the oonduct of Com- missioner Cooper. The Yate Courier publishes thirteen distinct chafes whioh have been laid against him-soma of them of » serious obaraoter. AWFULLY SUDDEN DEATH-The City Coroner held an inquest in the house of Mr. Johnson, Annandale, in the parish of Petersham, yesterday morning, touching the death of a woman named Elizabeth Graham, aged 38 years, who died very suddenly on the previous evening. The circumstances of the case were as follows : The de ceased, who was the wife of a man named Anthony Graham, employed by Mr. A Johnston, was a naturally healthy woman, but on Saturday last she complained of 'feeling heavy and stupid ; on Sunday morning she com- plained of having lost her milk (she was suckling her youngest child) in the afternoon her husband went on an errard to Five Dook, leaving her sitting at the door nursing her infant. At about five o'clock in the even- ing she went to a neighbour's house in a rather excited state, and asked if any person had seen her eldest child, as she had missed it; on being answered in the nega- tive, she ran out, and being apparently under the im- pression that her child had gone towards the Parra- matta Road, she ran thither ; a few minutes afterwards the child was found, and a man went after Mrs. Graham to inform her of it. On going into the Parramatta Road, be found her lying on her face in an unconscious state; he took her up, and with assistance conveyed her to her home, but she never spoke or moved after. The jury returned a verdict of "died from natural causes accelerated no doubt by fright." The deceased was a native of Scotland, and came out in the ship Vocalist, which arrived here about a week after the wreck of the Dunbar.-Herald, Jan. 21. RIFLE MATCH.-A well contested rifle match, for eight prizes, came off at the Military Butts, at the rear of the Victoria Barracks, on Saturday last. The prizes were as follows :-First, one sporting Whitworth; second, one military Whitworth; third, one sergeant's rifle fourth, one ditto; fifth, one cavalry rifle; sixth £3 - seventh, £2 ; eighth, £ 1. The conditions of the match were:-Sixty members at £1 each ; twelve shots each - four at the 300 yards, four at the 500 yards, and four at the 600 yards range. The competitors embraced a very large proportion of the best shots in the city and suburbs; but, notwithstanding the large number of steady marksmen whioh have been brought out and trained since the Volunteer movement was originated in Sydney, there were not sufficient forthcoming to fill the list, and consequently Sergeant Reynolds, under whose superintendence the match was got up, shot ten chances himself. The shooting throughout was remarkably good; the first prize fell to Mr. Jackson, who made six- teen points out of his twelve shots; the second to Ser- geant Reynolds, who made fifteen points in one of his chances; the third to Captain M'Lean, who also made fifteen points, but who was beaten by Sergeant Reynolds in shooting off the tie; the fourth to Sergeant Reynolds, the fifth to Sergeant Major Lees; the sixth to Mr. Roberts; all three of whom made thirteen points each and then shot off for priority of choice ; the seventh to Mr. Graham, and the eighth to Mr. Glaister, who with Messrs. Richards, Brownlow, Reynolds, Campbell and T. Hellyer, tied with twelve points. The following gentle- men made eleven points each:-Messrs. Hobarts, Strong, Skyes, M. M. Campbell, Wickham, Edwards, and Jack- son; and the remainder scored nine points and under. The weather was all that could bo desired, and the match went off without accident, and with the utmost good feeling prevailing among the competitors.-S. M Herald, Jan. 20. DEATH »BOM A FALL.-The City Coroner held an inquest on Monday on the body of a man namea William Baldock, a plasterer, aged twenty-two years. It appeared that on the 17th D¿oemb«r the deceased was employed on some new buildings in Eliiabetb-street 8outh, and being required to plaster a wall at the side of one ol' the roofs, he placed a ladder on the roof, with the step, without being seoured, resting on scaffolding When he ascended the ladder i t jerked, iii pp«d, »hd pre- cipitated him to the ground from a height of about twenty- five feet. He was immediately takaa np and re moved to the infirmary, when, on examination, it was found that hia apina was seriously injured. The usual treatment In suoh oases was applied, but withont the desired result, and he expired on Thursday last. He wa» oocasionally deranged during his illness, and upon one occasion, when seised witb a fit of insanity, he borrowed a penknife upon pretenos of wanting it for picking his teeth, and with it mntilated bis person ! bnt this was not supposed to have accelerated his death. It was not thought requisite to empanel a jury upon th» case-8. M. Herald, Jan, 21. lïI-'TI, r>nu !>«,.... iR. n:,_ r, ... UUIJI .».i« «r»ri,«i.-iue t/ity uoroner Held an 1 inquest on ¡saturday morning last, at the Barley Mow inn, Castlereagh and Park street«, concerning the death of a man named ItoTieit Sealy, aged twenty-nine, who was found dead in his bud early the same morning, at Elder's Boarding Establishment, Oaatloriagh-streot. it appeared < that deceased drajk froely, and suffered from disease of tbe bead, and was a lew mouths Bince an inmate of St. Vincent's Hospital. On the Christmas night he oame to lodge at Elders' Boarding House, then under the ¡u tluenoe of liquor, and had almost continually remained in bed. He want out on Friday last, and returned about IO o'clock in the evening intoxioated ; he suoceededin getting to bia room, where he was seen about eleven o'clock by a person who slept in the same room. About ?even o'clock next morning, on this person awaking, he found the deceased with his head on tbe pillow quite dead, the result apparently of apoplexy. Dr. Warren was called in, and was of opinion ¡if* had been extinct eome hours. Verdiot-Died from a fit of apoplexy. £mpire, Jan. 20. Spier« and Poad have consented to take the All England Eleven to Bathurst for £500 olear-expense» from end te Sydney paid. THE BUSHRANGER PEISLEY.-Information has been received in town that constables Pagett and Morris had joined the police force in search of Peisley. They divi- ded themselves into two parties, and one of them last Saturday were in hot pursuit of the outlaw, but he con- trived to esoape from them. It would appear from this that the rumour noticed in the Bathurst papers, and which we copied into our last issue, was not correct, and that Peisley is still at large. Mr Beaurdmore the police magistrate of Carcoar, has held an enqulry into the cause of William Benyon's death, and it is earnestly to be hoped that the ruffian who caused it will soon be brought to acoount.- Goulburn Chronicle, Jan. l8. A young man named Qaigley was drowned qn the , 12th, in a waterholo, at Coom». Ho was bathing, und j got out of his depth, but was unable to swim. SNAKE ADVENTURE.-Mrs. Bell, of Nimitybelle, h»s within the last fortnight undergone two dangerous snake adventures. About three weeks ago a snake of a venomous oharaoter wa» killed in Mr. Bell's store, even eontiguons to the bed in the bedroom, a oironmstanoe whioh atartled Mrs. Bell very muob, and, on account of ill-health, she removed to a neighbouring station. She was there bnt a few days when, being alone with her servant girl, a monster snake rushed into the room. Mrs. Bell actively sent her servant to the nearest station for a man to destroy the monster, which had taken refuge under the cradle in whioh her child was asleep. The servant brought Peter M'Donald, ofiMowhawk, with her, and he very quickly succeeded in destroying the monster, whioh measured 6 feet 6 inches.-Jfonaro i/ercury, Jan. 17. BUSH FIRE.—DEATH BY BURNING.—A rumour was in circulation through the town this afternoon of the death of a young woman, aged 22, daughter of a farmer named Steenson, residing at Kurrajong. The accident appears to have been caused in an attempt to suppress a bush fire, which endangered their property. The deceased, with other members of the family, became alarmed at the near approach of the fire, and while endeavouring to keep it back, her dress caught fire, and she was speedily enveloped in flames. The smoke from the bush fires for some weeks past has been almost suffocating in and-around the town. For some hours the town would be enveloped in dense columns of smoke. Notwithstanding this, the announcement of this young woman's death has caused astonishment; for, in the present civilised state of the country, it is surprising that homesteads like this one where the accident occurred, so many years established, should be in danger from any bushfire.—Empire's Windsor Correspondent, THE LATE CAPTAIN LAMB, R.N.—We regret to an- nounce the death of Captain Lamb, one of our most eminent, useful, and respected colonists. His age and weakness prepared his friends to expect this event. Formerly a member of the old nominee Council, he was afterwards eleoted twice as a representativo of Sydney, when that position was filled by men like Lowe and Wentworth. Captain Lamb took o conspiènous part in the political affairs of the country. Like many other men of statîon- and education, ho joined in the efforts to obtain " free institutions'," and was peculiarly opposed to a nominee Upper House. He warmly joined the opposi- tion to transportation, and co-operated in the associations fir its extinction. After tho grant Of a constitution, he retired for some years from publio life, but on his last return from (england accepted a soat in the late Logia látiro Council. Ho distinguished himself by the truly English tone of his opinions ; and when liberty ran into licentiousness he gave his support to the conservativo party. He wa» offered a seat in the present Council by Mr. Cowper, but under restrictions whioh ho did not tbink it consistent with his honour to accept, and thongh not unfrienoly to the Government, he protested in language fall of dignity and patriotism. This was his last act in publio life, whioh was respooted for its pur- pose and conduct, as his private oharaater was estimable for its purity. Captain Lamb was a oammander in the Royal Navy. Having ssttled in this oountry, he was distinguished in mercantile affairs for that honour whioh was onoe the prominent characteristic of the British merchant-8.M. Herald, Jan. l8. The Courier reports that during the recent hot weather, at Yass, the thermometer readied l180 in the shade. A favourable change sot in on Friday, the 17th, bringing refreshing rain. Mr. Fleming's hotel, at Wahgungah, waa burnt down on the evening of the 12th. The fire was very rapid, and scarcely anything could be saved. Bush fires were raging last week in the vicinity of Albury, so near, In foot, as to cause some alarm to the townspeople. 