CITY POLICE COURT. Wcdncsdny, 12th February. ' (Boforo Messrs. Sturt and. J. 'P. Smith.) Drunkenness. — WilliQin. J. Tindcll, Winifred Johnston, Ellen Young, Patrick Green, and Thomas Toomoy, were fined 5s caoh t for - drunkenness, or twenty -four hours' imprisonment. - . . ... iNDEQENci".— James Patterson, for' inde cency in the public street, was sentenced to two months' imprisonment. Minor Offences.— Stephen Pureell, for being drunk ami damaging Mr. Wadq'a mtr« riago by negligently turning a loaded dray into it, was ordered to pay L8 16s damages at L2 a month. — Bridget Duffy was charged with using obscono longungo to Mrs. Casey, land lady of tho Whito Hartj Litllo Bourko st-reot. Tlio woman had been previously convicted of a similar offence, ond sho wns ordered to find ono surety in LIO to bo of good behaviour for threo months. — William Kerr was charged with having no name or numbor on his dray. Tlio man, who admitted being numberless, but said that his name was on bis dray twice, . 'wis lined 5». — Mary Anno Ilornc, charged with using obscono langungo to some peoplo in tho street who refused to shout, was lined 20s, or in delimit fourteen days' imprisonment. — Dennis Curtis,- for dis-; oriiorly conduct, wns fined 5s. — George Johnson, n tieket-of- leave man, and Mary MoIConna, a prostitute living witli him, wore charged with creating a disturbance. Tho mian hud liis ticket cancelled for u month, and tlio woman was disehargod with a caution. — Charles White, a boy about twelro or fourteen years of age, was charged witli creating it dis turbance. Ho was told to go home witli his mollior, who was in court. — John Power, for obstructing tlio - thoroughfare, was fined 10s;1 nnd James Robertson, for. having no- name or number on his dray, was fined 10s. . v j '.Stealing from -the Person. — William Taylor was charged with robbing Joseph Wilkin, nt- tho Commercial hotel, in Little iiourko street. Another man was implicated in tlio robbery who is not yot arrested, nnd tho pricunor was remanded till Tuesday lioxt. ' Deserting his Family. — William' M'Gco, who appeared to bo Buffering from tho effeols of drink, was ohm-god with neglecting to support his wife oral four children. Tlio wife stated that tlio defendant was always driuking, and nil sho had received from him, witli tho I cxcoptiou of,n black oye, was n couplo ofl pounds. The defendant reproached liis wife with unfaithfulness, for which ho was called by her a " most infernal vagabond." Tho com plainant said that she could support hersolf and her family by faking in washing, and all sho wuntcd lier husbattd to do was to find her a place to live in. Tho Bench remanded tho man for seven days, to onablo hiui to get per- fee'ly sober. ; Robbery from tiie Person. — Mary Ready, a prostitute, wns charged with stealing a purse containing L7 nnd some silver, a breast-pin, and a scarf, tho property of James Shannhan. The prosecutor did not resist tho woman taking tho articles, hut he lost his temper when on asking for them beck sho said sho had lost them. The Bench romnndod ilia prisoner for seven days, that sho might liavo an oppor tunity of finding tlicm. : Out of His District. — Luke Millingham, 'alias Thomas Turner, was brought up us a prisoner of tho Grown illegally at largo. In July, 1859, tho prisoner rectivcd three yenrs serving two years lie received a tickct-of-leavo for tho Kilraoro district. The prisoner ad mitted that ho was out of his d-strict, but skid that lie thought lio was n freo man. lie wns remauded for seven days, that tho police might r.iuko a few inquires as to tho way in which ho had been passing bis time. Stabbing. — William Doylo was charged with stabbing and wounding William Byrne, ! on tho 14th January, last. Dr. James, assistant resident surgeon dopossd that when tho pro secutor came to the hospital ho examined him and found two or three. flesh wounds, not of a serious nature. The prisoner said, that he and tlio prosecutor were both drunk nt tho timo of tho occurrence. Tho Bench committed tho prisoner for trial,- observing that they deal similarly with all sueli eases. ; Incendiary Bush-fires. — It is a deplora ble fact that nearly ail tlio bush-fires which result in such terriblo loss to tbo squatters, nnd somotimcs to the farmers, ore tho result of fires wilfully lighted. Sometimos tho; dis aster is occasioned by carolossness ; travellers nnd draymen neglect (o put out their camp fires, a breeze springs up, and the flames are' spread around. -But morefrcquently tho: fires are the result of direct nialico ; ih fact — in cendiarism. Prompted by ill feeling , and revenge towards an individual squuttor,; men designedly sot firo to hU grass, ohooslng, of course, for, their purposo an out of tlio way spot, where tho flames can rapidly spread, and tho; fire assume large proportions boforo assistance can be gathered to extinguish it. On Sunday last there -was a remarkable instance of this villany in the neighbourhood7 of Duukeld. The Linlithgow Pluins Station, which belongs to Mr. Silas Harding, and of which Mr. T. Kemp is the superintendent, was set on firo on that day in several different places, and from all tlio attendant ciroumstances, there is not tho least doubt ol its haviug been dono de signedly and maliciously. Information of Oho affair was at once giron to tho police, aud Air. Kemp issuod placards on Monday offoring L50 reward for bucIi information as would lead to tho conviction of tlio offender, but wo have not hoard ot any person liuvmg been arrested. On tho following day, Air. M'Leau, a farmer, at Aluddy Creek, ha i his stneks sot on fire, and nearly tho wholo of his crops, which had just been narvo3tou, were ae3troyea. — Mamit- /nil Rnflntnt.or. Rib Feb. ' King toe Extiorer. — Under this title the 'Pastoral Times has tho following:— 'Wu notice by mi advertisement in tlio Castlemaine journals that Mr. King lias cntared into tho publiehouso business of that town. , Tlio liotcl of which lie is advertised ns landlord, is called 'the O'llara Burko;' and tho publio' are invited to try tho effect of good liquors nnd civility, ut this' hostelry.' Wo believe tlmt several presents of purses containing sovereigns have already beon presonted to tlio hero of Carpentaria. .Wo (to wish tlio publiehouso pull' had beon loft alone. Much of tho poetry i and. romance of the Expedition and tho heroism of it's only living representative ore rubbed oil' by this descensus- dverni — at least' wo think so." 'Wo are glad to say thot tho pootry of the Expedition is not likely to be merged in tho brandy, caak, and also that Air. John King, who is now on a visit to Castle maine, distinctly disavows tbo slightest inten tion of adopting tho. business, of a lieonsed victualler, in. Castlcmaino or elsowhcro. The mistake Iras boen made, in thiswise.: Air. J. C. King, no relativo or countryman of Air. John King, tlio explorer, has recently taken a house at the corner of Mostyn nnd Urquhart streets, which lio has converted into n hostelry. Being determined to adopt the best moans of attracting custom, ho bethought himselt that by in somo measure using his liamo in conjunc tion with that of R. O'Hnrn Burke, lio would best effect the object in view. Ho accordingly named his new houso tho 'iO'Hara Burke" hotel. Wo give this explanation in order that peoplo at a distauco may not think tho real hero guilty of such abuse of bis leader's numo in ordur to attract what in his caso would almost bo a meretricious trado. — 31. A. Mail, 12th Fahrtiurv. Dangerous Character.— Yesterday morn ing Dr. Aliiigay Sydor appeared boforo tho Mayor aud Mr. Board to chargo a German of of the namo of Dilncr, commonly known ns ' tho German Doctor, with using towards liim languago of n highly intimidating and threatening nature. Dr. Sydcr informed lho magistrates that tho defendant entered his dispensary on Wednesday morning, and, nftor behaving himself in a very cxcitod manner, said ho would do for him, — ns lio (Sydor) had killed his swcntlioart ; also that lie found it a difficult matter to get rid of tlio intruder, owing to his (Dr. Sydcr) labouring under nn nffvolion of tho ankle bone. Tho dofonee was, that Dr. Sydcr had upon a former occasion called Dilncr a " German muff." Dr. Diluer was required to find two Burettes for tho prc- s'orrution of the peace for the next six months, or go to jail. — Geelong Chronicle, 12th Fob. Avples.— A bunch of three splendid apples weighing together 2 lbs wns hnnded to us on Saturday by Mr. Alfred Alendwny, . nnd are now on show in tho window of this offico. Theso Bpccimons are from tlio Heidelborg gar dens, near Molbonrno. They are of the kind callbd Emperor Alcxandor, and being of a rich crimson tint present a most mn'gnificent ap- pearance, — Maryborough Advertiser, -10th Feb, 