SOUTH AUSTKALIA, Uon dates from Adelaide are to the 25th ultimo, by , v. oy of Victoria. lho S. A, Itegislcr supplies us with tho following itoms of now? : ANOTnrn Munnin nT Tins NATIVES.-It is our pain- ful duly to stato that another dreadful and cold-bloodod murder has been committed by tho natives near Mount Wcdgo. A hutkeoper named Walker, a tailor by trado, upon Mr. Tennant's station, was busy in tho hut cutting out a waistcoat, whon a black man and two black womon carno to the window and oskod for flour. Walkor refused 'to givo them any, and tho men immediately speaiod him in tho left bide, below tho ribB. Walker appoors to have drawn i out tho spenr and lied from tho hut, the nativos entering ¡and helping themselves to what tboy plea<cd. Ho shortly fuint* d, but afterwards managed to crawl into tho sheop 'yaid, vhero ho hid hlmeclf till the marauders had gono, carrying away with thom Bonio flour and blankot*. I Tho toor lcllow Iingored till the following dny. I whon he died, having previously givun all tho necessary 'information. An inquest was hold on his body by Mr. John Merchant, J,F , whoso hoad station is but a short distance iroui tho placo whoro tho murdor was committed. Mr. Tennant and police-troopor Guharty, by tho hulp of a Sydnoy nativo, tracked tho murderer for sovonty milos, to tho Gawler Ranges, and very nearly caught him at his Gili)]' Uro in tho scrub, which ho quittod in hat>te as thoy approached, leaving bohind him tho stolon blaukots, a couplo of dampers, and his ppears, and omitting oven to tilka with him his firestick. It appears Bomowhat singular that tho Sydney nativo, who had tracked him so far could not como again upon his trail ; but such wo presumo to , bavo been tho caso, as it is supposed that tho polico must now follow him to the Baxter Ranges, and that a mouth will le occupied in tho pursuit. j Buaii Finns.-Denso clouds of smoko woro observed on Sunday afternoon rising from behind tho hills to the south- east of Adelaide. Wo have not ascertained at what locality I tho conflagration was raging, but thors was evidently a , largo bush-fire in the direction of Willunga or Clarendon. j TUB RKOKNT SHOOK . or AN EAnTiiQUAKii.-Our Morphett Volo correspondent statea that thoBhookofnn 'cartbniiako Was fott at that place «bout tho samo timo it was experienced in Adelaido. Wo understand that it was al_o perceived at Norwood, and resembled very much tho distant explosion of gunpowder. 1 GOLD.-The roport of the agricultural show at Woodsido ' mentions the exhibition of a nugget of gold weighing 2 ozs. 13 gre,, which had been found bj Mr, John Camac, thu previous Saturday, on Bonney's Flat. 1 FATAL ACCIDKNT AT TIU: POUT.-An acoidont of a i fatal character happened ni the Port on Saturday morning, about eleven o'clock, to an elderly man, named Edward < Woodroffe. It appears that ho WAS engaged with some others in stacking wheat in the storo of Messrs. Gilos and ' Smith, nnd while stooping in tho act of kliuging anothor bag, a bag in tho stack bobinil him suddenly burst, and the wheat tunning out, cau.scd the wholo fuco of lho stack; -sonio fivo or six lou» weight-lo fall upon the unfortu- nate deceased. Mr. Cave, Mesera Giles an! Smith's 'manager at tho Fort, immediately procured (ho assiaUnco of a number of men, who worked most energetically in clearing away the lings, and in the couran of n few minutes tho Mifferer was found, and carried arro«« to tho Britannia 1 Hotel, whoro the assistance of Drs. Gcthinp; and Duncan was procured. It wat. then found that tüo deceased had 'sustained most fearful injiuies, his spine, uno log, and Beveral of his ribs being fractured. Ho lingered until , nearly two o'clt ck, whon death put an ond to his suflbr lings. Tho deceased was fifty-six } ears of a»o, and had i been a resident in the colony upwards of twenty-five ! years. * 