NO SECT IN HEA.VEN. i Talihno ofiooU till late onc-tre, i or tbe various doctrines tbe saints believe, ' That night I stood in a troubled drown, Iiy tbe tide of a darkly flowing stream. And a 'Ctmrctaman' down to tuc rivor came : When I bcanl a smuigo voice call bis nunr, ' Good father, slop ; when you crow this tide. You must teavo your rohes on the other Bide.' But the aged father did not mind, - And his long goirn floated out behind. As down to Ibc Blrcom his way he took. liut pile hands clasping a gilt-edgoA liook. ' I'm bound for llcaven, and when I'm there, I shall want my Hook of Common Prayer: And Ibauch I put on a Btarry crown, I should feel quite lost without my gown.' Then he fU'd hi! eyes on the Bhlning track. But bis gown was neavy, iind held him liaek, And uic poor old father tried ta vain, A single ttcji is the flood to gain. I saw him tRain on tVie other siilo, But bis silk gom floated upon tlie tide ; And no one ask'd, in that bllsBful spot. If be uelorig'd to ' the Church' or not. Then don to the river a Quaker strty'd. His dress of a sober ime vu made : ' My cost and hat must be all ot gray, I camel go any other way.' Then he buttoo'd his coat straight up to his chin, Asd 6taidty, solemnly, waded to, And his brortd- brimm'd hat he pull'd down tight Over his forehead, eo eoid and vhite. But a strong wind carried away hu hat ; A moment he (item!; Bigh'd over that, And then, as he gazed to the further shore, The coat elipp'd off, and was seen so more. Ab lie entci'd hcairen, his suit of gray W«nt quietly sailing-away— away. And none of tho angels quc&tion;'d him About tic width of his beaver's brim. Next came Dr. Watte with a bundle of P&olnu; Tied nicely up in his aged arme, And byinns as many, a very wise thing. That the people in heaTCn, ' «l! round,' might sing. But I thought that he heaved an anxious tilth, As be saw that the river ran broad and high. And look'd rather surprised, as, one by one, The Peailiis and Hymns in the ware went dawt. Asd after him, with his MSS., Cane Wesley, the patters of godliness, But he ericd ' Dear me, what bhall I do t Tfic water has soak'd them through and through.' And there os the river, far asd wide. Away they went down the swollen tide. Ana the eaiot, uslontaVd, paeB'd through alone, Without his manuscripts, up to the throue. Then gravely walking, two saints by name. Down t« the stream together came, But as they stopp'd at the river's brisk, I saw one saint from the other shrink. ' fiprinkled or plunged, may I ask you, D-iead, How you attain'd to life's great end !' ** rftf/«,with a Tew drops on uiy brow.' ?' But 1 have been dipp'd, as you'll see me sow. And I really think it will hardly do, As I'm ' eloM communion,' to crosi with you; You're bound, I know, to the realms of bUu, But you must go thai way, and I'll go this.' Then straightway nlu&gisg; with all his High!, Away to the lea— his friend at the right, Apart thev went from this world of sin But at last together they ontcr'd in. Anil now, when the river was railing on, A Presbyterian church went down ; Of worars there seem'd n womlroUB throng. But tbe men I could count as they pasVd along. And concerning the road, they could nerw agree. The Old or the Kn-: way, which it should be, Nor ever a moment paused to thisk That both would lead to Ulc river's brisk. And a sound of murmuring, long and loud, . Omuc ever up from tbo moving crowd. ' Your ib tbp Did Way, and I'm in the New, That is the false, and this is the true ; '— Or, ' I'm in the Old way. and you're in the Hew. This is the false, and Hint is the true.' But the Wtlhren onlr ecem'd to speak, Modest the sisters wulk'd, and meek, .tnil if rvrr one of thnu cnanceu to say Vhat troubles she met with on the way, How she long'd to pass to the othet side -*or fear'd tc cross over the swelling tide. .1 voice arose from tbe brethren then : ' Let no one speak but the * holy men ;' Vor have ye not heard the words of Paul, ' OB, lei tie vomcii keep silence aUV ' I watched them long iti my curious dream, Till they stood by the borders of the stream, Then, iust as I thought, the two ways met, Hut all the brcthitm were talking yet, Am\ would talk on till the heaving tide Carried ihent orei fiidc hr side ; Side by side, for the way Vas one, O'hc toilsome journey of life was done, And l'msi av.d (tuakcr, and all who died, Came out alike ou the other side. No forms, ' or crosBes,' or books had they, -'o gowns o? silk, tor suits of sray. No creeds to guide them, nor HSS^, Fov all had put nn Christ's righteousness. MINING INTELLIGENCE. — The Lachlan Observer of the 8th instant reports as follows : — During the past fort- night the rich prospects washed on the southern part of the Caledonia North lead have attracted a considerable amount of public attention. Nos. 14. 15 (the far-famed golden hole), washed a machineful of dirt (about 15 loads), on Saturday last, with the following result : one nugget weigh- ing 15 ozs. 8 dwts, several smaller ones varying from 1 to 5 ozs., and about 8 ozs. of fine gold ; in all 77 ozs. some odd pennyweights. The coarseness of the gold, as well as the richness of the Caledonia, is proverbial, but the above is a striking illustration of the fact; the shareholders themselves were rather surprised on discovering only 8 ozs. of fine gold among so many nuggets. Nos. 19-20 bottomed their new shaft on Wednesday evening, and obtained a prospect of from 4 to 5 dwts. to the oil can of dirt. The shareholders of this claim have been at work for more than five months, and during that period have sunk seven shafts, their present shaft being only a few feet from the second bottomed, in which they drove to the eastern reef, a distance of nearly fifty feet, but omitted to open out in the opposite direction, where they have now found the gutter. No. 21. The shareholders of this claim have obtained gold at the rate of one pennyweight to about half a bucketful of dirt taken from the edge of the gutter. At No. 26 the miners are getting up washdirt, but, not feeling satisfied that it will pay, have not yet reported it to the commissioner. The imaginary discovery of the supposed north lead does not seem to have mode so deep an impression on the public mind as was at first expected. That the party who first circulated the report have found a rich patch, is undoubtedly true. They report being able to wash four pennyweights to the oilcan from any part of the heap, and found a nugget on Thursday weighing nearly three ounces and a half. The two shafts that were sinking on the frontage system proved duffers, having bottomed at a depth of a little over seventy feet. The parties are now engaged sinking lower down the road, with the hope of finding a run of deep ground to the east of the old block claims. The exodus from Forbes still continues towards the Ten-mile rush, Lambing Flat. At the very lowest estimate there cannot be leas than one thousand persons who have quitted the Lachlan within the last forty-eight hours for the new El Dorado, where the miners are reported to be getting dirt which averages from one to four ounces to the load, shallow sinking. About two days since, there were four hundred persons at the rush, and, probably before this time, there will be more than four times that number. The Silver Mine.— The reports from the silver mine continue satisfactory. The miners lately arrived here have set to work, and the long promised-hopes of something definitive being arrived at as to the richness of the mine will now shortly be realised. The returns to certain quan- tities of ore have been received by Mr. Reed, and the result fully justifies the expectations that have from the outset been entertained. To a small parcel taken to Sydney by Mr. Wainwright, twenty-seven ounces of silver and two ounces ten pennyweights of gold to the ton was shown. And it is reported that much larger quantities of both metals have bees produced from ore sent for testing. We are waiting for the confirmation by the receipt of the official notification. The sinking is 170 feet, and the introduction of machinery, which will shortly be on the ground, will do away with the inconveniences and drawbacks which exist to the profitable working of the mine. — Moruya Messenger. Chinaman Shot.— On Monday, about two a.m., one of bis ndigo pnddlers found a Chinaman in the act of robbing pioysluiee-box. The same game hod often before liaea timed, but John was not to be caught. However, at tho wae we speak of, Mr. European was on the alert. John los caught in the act, and the contents of a gun-barrel, taded with No . 5 shot, were lodged in the bock and hips of he depredator. The Chinaman (Ah Gay) was, we are jacket interlined with cotton wool, which dulled the foroe of the shot. The Chinaman was brought to the Chiltem lock-up, where Dr. Hutchinson attended end removed the shot. Though progressing favourably, tho life of the Celes tial is stjll in danger.— Border Post. The Csops in the Goulbukk DisTtticr.— Hay- BiakiEg baB commenced, and notwithstanding the dry weather, (he crop will not be so bod as was anticipated ; it may be Bet down that it will be a three- quarter crap. Should there be plenty of rain, a second orop will in many places be obtained from (he land now being mowed, and which probably would bring the supply up to the avenge. If, however, we Bhould have continued dry weather, the ecorcity of grass will cause hay to bring a high price next year. — Friday in the afternoon, rain set in, accompanied by thunder asd lightning, and has continued at intervals up to the (ime ot writing, with every prospect of a oontinu Bnce.— Goi'lburn Berali. Bum FiitP.s.— Very extensive bush-fires have been raging around Queanbeyas for the lost week, presenting at night a very grand effect, and filling the atmosphere with fjDofee and best. Jerrabomberra mountain, s» seen from the Gundaroo road, at night was a truly magnificent sight, presenting the appearance of g volcano, We are glad to report that there baa been, eo far as we have ssoertamea. no property destroyed by these fires. The heavy rains of the poet day or two have now quite extinguished them. — Golaen Am. Seniou Sebgeant Dixon.— We are informed that Mr. Senior Sergeant Dixon, of the Tamworth police, has bwm suspended by the Superintendent (Mr. Garland). There are novoral reasons alleged for tho euBpeuBion of this officer, but we haw not heard of nay of a Bufllciostly satiBfictory naturo to areonnt for the step, and «l would therefore b9 premature to refer to any of tbem,— Tmmnrlh /fcyimac, November IS. 