SATURDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1862. Soon after tbe oloso of laßt session of Parliament, a Royal Commission was appointed to inquire into the state of the gold-fields. Tho object the Govern- ment had in view was to asoertain the condition of the miners, the approximate extent of the resources of the gold- fields, the ohanges in tho laws nffcoting mining that experienoo had shown to bo necessary, and the alterations most deßirablc in the system of framing bye laws, and administering tho affairs of tho goldfields generally. Tho Commis- sioners aro prosecuting their laboure, and thoir report will probably be pre- sented to Parliament at an early poriod of tho ensuÎDg session. Tbo propriety of suoh an inquiry had long pressed itself upon our attention, and before the determination of tbo Government was announced, wo had resolved to despatoh a Special Reporter to the gold-fields, for precisely the Bamo objeots as were embraced in the Royal Commission. Tho results of our Reporter's observations havo boen plaoed before iho readers of The Argus in a Berks of twenty-nino letters, ex- hausting tho whole subjeot, and it is probable that the conclusions arrived at will bo found to vary little irom those whioh will press themselves upon tho attention of the Commissioners. The in- quiry aBBumed during ÜB progress moro importance in ono direotion than it was originally invested with. Mail after mail from England has brought us increas- ingly deplorable accounts of tho situa- tion of a very largo body of tho opera- tives of tho mother-oouutry, and it is not improbable that the courtes of trade and commerce will bo so thoroughly disorganized, for somo years to come, hy the causen of the prcsnit distress in the manufacturing dietriots, as to call for equally great ohangeB for tho permanent relief of the sufferers. It is highly satisfactory and asburing, therefore-, to . find tht»t our gold- fields, cleveí years * after their discovery, offer a homo for thousands of our distressed countrymen, and unlimited opportunities for tho pro. fitablo investment of capital. Tie leading objccis of tho inquiry were rfctec-First, tho aottial condition of the miner; second, the state of the gold-fields with regard to the perma- nency of the yield of the precious metal ; and third, the undeveloped raw materials of new industries they posseps Ofl the first of these points, the answer is almost un- expectedly pleasant. Gold-mining has settled itself down- compared with the state of things existing half a dozen years ago-to a trade or business not differing muoh from miningathomefor those useful if less precious minerals which abound in Britain. It has beoomo to a larse extent a matter of capital and labour. Abundance of employment ia offered by large and small oompanice,anda high rate of WBges has been established. For miners it varies from £2 10s. to £3 10s. ; for engineers, from £3 10s. to £4 10s : and for overseers of machinery and mining operations, from £4 to £6. On tho remoter gold-fields, the labour of masons and carpenters still commands from 12s. to 16s. for a day's labour of eight noars; and its soarcity alone prevents tho more rapid growth of substantial erections, in place of the lighter fabrics of wood and canvas that still serve the purposes of domestio and business life in the more distant distriois. On every gold-field, the alluvial ground continuos to furnish the means of life to a numerous class of diggers, who prefer the ohances of fortune to settled employment. It was found impossible to obtain an average of their earnings, but it was obvious that it did not fall far short of the rates offered to hired men, single men in- variably abandoning olaims that give them a living only-estimated at from 30s. to 40s. per week-and all classes of diggers finding a ready moans of suste- nance at hand, in claims familiar to them, when any difficulty occurs in find- ing a market for their labour. It ÍB admitted that this rate of wage oompares favourably with tho avertigo earnings of the miners in tho best days of the dig- gings, when the comparative- oosfc of living is taken into account. Rail- ways and roads have oarried to the localities farthest from the seaboard the comforts and conveniences of civilized life. In this respect, the municipalities of the gold-fields are not behind the rural townships and villages of Eng- land; while the necessaries of life are proourable for less money than in Eng- land, and tho handiwork of the tailor and shoemaker for as little. Rents and taxes arc unknown to the Australian who lccites himself on tho gold-fields; and if ho enters on a lifo of business, his expenses need not bo greater than they aro at home. To compare the position of the meohanio and labourer in England and on the gold-fields of Viotoria, it is only necessary to look at the item of wages. Tho balance of in- come is the true mcasuro of the diffe- rence in favour of Viotoria as against the mother country. In every district sjstcmatio quartz mining, by largo or small companies, is inorcasiDc: and evervwhero fresh disnn. veries of auriferous veins of quartz are rewarding the labours of those who seek for them. Up to the olose of July last, 1,302 distinct veins cf quartz had been laid down on the mining maps? They are oaprioiously distributed, the dis- trict of Ballarat, so far as discovery has yet proceeded, possessing only 34 j while Sandhurst and Eaglehawk have 117, Maryborough has 111, Dunolly 115, Korong 137, St. Arnaud 76, Castle- maine 86, and Hepburn 74. Simul- taneously with the progress of the pros- pector for new veinB, tho means of ex- tracting, tho gold from the stone have been improved. At Ballarat, quartz containing only two pennyweights, or about 7s. 6d. worth of gold per ton, is made to yield twenty-four per oent. per annum upon a oonsidorable capital, by tho reduction of something like 1,000 or 1,200 tons per week. Other districts are aiming at tho same standard, and the importance of the result attained is best estimated by com- parison with the experiences of five or six years ago. At that time, quartz could not be reduced at a profit if it contained less gold than two or threo ounces (worth from 60s. to 80s. per ounce) to tho ton. The full significance of the experience of Ballarat will also bo understood when it is considered that while reefs yielding from two ounces to six ounces of gold to tho ton are met with in some distriots, reefs averaging from five pennyweights to an ounoo per ton abound all over the colony. They arc innumerable and inexhaustible on the older auriferous fields. New diggings also are continually added to the list. In Gipps Land, a district is now being rapidly opened up, undreamed of as a gold-field a few years ago, but w'iioh promises to rival Ben- digo and Ballarat, and double the ex- tent of tho known auriferous land of tho oolony. This largo division of Viotoria lies south of the Snowy Mountains and that portion of the Dividing Range in which the Yarra takes its rise, stretch- ing down to the sea. It extends from Western Port Bay on tho west, to tho march with New South WaleB on tho east, and oomprises an aTca equal to that portion of the oolony which embraoes all the older gold-fields. It is ooursed by noble rivers, some of them Davigahle, and its scenery has procured for it recognition as tbo Highlands of Viotoria. Highly desirable for agricultural and pastoral settlement, it promises to be not less uttraubivo io DOO eyes 01 miners ; ana if the discoveries on the Jordan, tho Boo bee Creek, and Donnelly's Creek, had not been preocded by those of ForeBt Creek, Kangaroo Flat, Golden Point, Golden Gully, and other noted fields of ten years ago, wo might have looked for a rush of the youth of England such as we saw ÍD 1851-2. On tho third point to which our Special Reporter directed his inquiries, Eomo old and half-forgotten faots havo been recalled, and somu now disoovorios ha^o been brought to light, noseoBsiog an interest and importance inferior only to -the disoovory of gold. On almost j every old field, the clements of fnturo j industries aro found, io abunoauoo. Iron I ore exists everywhere Wo make and I mend our roads with a minera.1 that j Wales would Le glad to seo, could .~e j ¡-end it to her at thi price sbc cottJd afford to pay for it. Wo have coal and limo wherewith to flux it. and tho commencement of the manufacture of iron is only a question of time. "We have silver reefs of great riohneBS, and antimony still more extensively de- veloped in veins more or less auriferous. Native copper, zinc, and bismath are likely to bo added before long to our list of motáis. Tin ore abounds in some distriots. Speoimens of platinum, plumbago, chromo ore, and other raro minerals, have been found ; and wo have marble, slate, building stone of all kinds, tho finest clays, gypsum, &o.; In these deposits we possess the raw materials of many industries as yet unknown amongst us They invito alike tho capitalist and the skilled operative The indivi- dual investor and associated capitalists can find strall or largo fields on which to operate, and a variety of onterprizes suoh as only a new country abundantly blessed by nature can offer. If it were possible to exhaust our goldfields, wc should still havo a refuge here. Com- bined, these resources place us in a position of vantage-apart altogether from our agricultural and pastoral lands, our forests and fisheries-to aBk fair con- sideration from the suffering thousands in England forwhatweplaoc before them; and they bear us out when wo repeat our conviction that no other of Britain's colonies has tho samo claims to the at- tention of the intending emigrant as Viotoria. In the Insolvent Court, yesterday, tbo claims of 310 depositors, amounting altogether to £35,725 6s., werejadmitted, in addition to those already put in, making the entire amount of the depositors' dobts already proved to be £1D8,G13 12s. 3d. Tbeso claims ranged, according to the alphabetical ordor adopted at the suggestion of the Commissioner, from the lotters R to Z, inclu- sive. £33,262 16s, 2d. of the debts admitted yesterday consisted of separate amounts above £50, while the remaining £2,462 9a. lOd. was composed of smaller sums. Although tho alphabet has been gone through, there are many other depositors' claims awaiting admission, and as many as have been duly audited will bo admitted this morning, before the election of a trade assignee takes place. Application was made yes- terday on behalf of the shareholders who had been depositors also, that they might be al lowed to prove on their deposits , and it was urged that the 6th section of the Winding up Act permitted thiB to be done, as a shareholder who was a depositor should be regarded as a creditor till it was proved that the amount of his liability to the company exceeded that of his deposit. In opposition to this a oecision of Vice-Chancellor Knight Bruce (»parte Green in re the Trvng, Heading, and Banngstokt Railway Company was quoted, as showing that no such claims could bo allowed till a proper balance had been struck In reply to this, it was contendod that unless such share holders were allowed to be creditors at once they would lose their rights, by being omitted from the plan of distribution The Commissioner, in giving his decision, decided that such claims mi(,ht be taken for what they were worth, but that they could not be admitted till a balanco had boen struck Before the meetinp closed, the Commissioner remarked that he had considerable doubts as to the mode in which the election of the succeeding day should take place, and whether or not a plan should not be adopted by which a minority would be able to exercise more influence than recording their simple " yea" m favour of their candidate. No definite conclusion was, however, arrived at, and the matter remains open till ten a m this morning, to which hour the proceedings were adjourned The following are amongst tbe cricketing ar- range 'iients for to-day: -On the Melbourne) grour d, at one o'clock, first eleven of the Mel bourio Cricket Club v. first eleven of the East Mel! ourne Club; on the East Melbourne ground, at o-io o'clock, second eleven M.C.C. v. second eleven E.M.C. ; on the Malvern-bill ground, at ba'.í-past one o'clock, Richmond v. Malvern-hill ; on the Esseudon ground, Essendon v. Colling- wood Commercial Club ; on tho Press ground, Government Printing-office v. Press Club; first eleven of the Model Schools v. an eleven of the Gi am mar Schools, at South Yarra ; second eleven of the Model Schools v. Britannia Club, in Rich- mond paddock; employes of MeBtrs. Banks Brothers, Bell, and Co. v. employas of Messrs. Younghusband and Co., at Emerald-bill, at one o'olock. We have received £2, from " One happily above want," on behalf nf the Benevolent Asylum. A special general meeting of the shareholders of Johnson's Roef Gold-miners' Company was 1 hold at the Criterion Hotel,' Melbourne, yesterday afternoon, for the following purposes :-To con- sider the advisability of registering the company under Pyke's Act, limiting the liability of the shareholders ; to roduce the capital of the com- pany ; to take into consideration the question of drainage ; and to alter and amend the deed of settlement, whero necessary. Mr. W. S. Garlick occupied the obair. The meeting had been called in compliance with a requisition, signed by about sixteen shareholders-only two of whom, however, were present. About a score other shareholders attended, to discuss tbe business of the meeting. Mr. Lyons, one of the Melbourne diroctors, stated that bo had been instrumental in promoting the requisition, and he bad done so because at the time he and many others thought it desirable both that tbe com- pany should be registered under Pyke's Act and that the amount of capital whioh it was authorized to raise- should he reduced. He found that the solicitor to the company was opposed to ita being brought under Pyke's Act. That did not chango his opinion ; but, after reading an article in the leading Journal-The Argtu strongly advising that such a course should not bo adopted, he thought hin viows might be w rong, and, thereforo, he would not press that '.natter further, and had not endeavoured to o' nlain .a Bingle proxy in favour of the registration, t although he adhered to his original opinion, th'it it was nece3sary for tbo interests of the sb areholders that the company should be regisfr ered under Pyke's Act. He hoped, however, that a reduction of the capital would b o Bgreed to. Mr. Borrowes, a Sandhurst d'.rector, stated that the shareholders at 8andhuj st woro strongly oppoaed to the company beir.g brought under Pyke's Act, but they bad -no obieotion to a reduction of the capital. I', had been proposed that the shares should be reduced to 50s. each, but the majority of the shareholders whom he had consulted would pre/.er that they should only be reduced to £3. A desultory discussion ensued as to the advisability of registering the company under Pyke's Aot, ¡n tho course of whioh the provisions and defects of that act were freely canvassed. Ko resolution was proposed in refer- ence to it, and it waB understood that this portion of the business for which the meeting had been oalled lapsed for want of support. Mr. Lyons was tho only shareholder who expressed an opinion in favour of the company being brought under the operation of the act. Arising out oï this discussion, Mr. Lyons charged two of the Sandhurst shareholders with having interest's ini ' mieal to tho general interests of the company. This i begat some replies, and a scene of angry disputa Ition arose, wliiol» was fortunately cut short by the proposal of the .following reioHltiop, which, was moved by Mr. H. g, Osborne, flau seconded by i Mr. II. H. Freamo:-"That tua shs,«« of the I company be reduced from £4 to öOrv each.* Mr. T, J. Martin, with » view of tostin». the fbîlinir of tha meeting, moved an amendment; .to tho cficoi that the sharrs should only bo reduced to £3. Afr". J. P. Dalrymple seconded the amendment, but it was afterwards withdrawn, and the original motion was carried unanimously. Another resolution was adopted, authorizing tha necessary alterations in the deed of settlement whioh this reduction in tho price of the shares will involve. The capital of the company willi now be £55,000, consisting of 20,000 sharetf et £2 15s. each. It was stated that this would enable calle to be made to the extent of £7,500; and Mr. Lyons mentioned, at au earlier stage of tho meeting, that there was a reserve fund of £1,000, and £1,000 in hand. After the two reso- lutions referred to had been carried, the mooting separated. The iJ/ounf Alexander Mail of yesterday says! -" On Wednesday bush-fireB wrre observed in Beveral parts of tho horizon, affording conclusive evidonce of tho heat of the weather. As the atmosphere is so arid at thiB early season, we may anticipate one of the hottest summers over ex- perienced." The All-England Eleven, who last season showed the youth of Australia what cricket is, will be glad to leam that the trees they planted on the border of the Melbourne Club's ground, and to which they gave their names, are flourish- ing vigorously. Some heard "the voices of the spring" earlier than others, and put forth their green buds, while some showing no signs of life, left the uninitiated in such matters to fear that "Bennett" and "Griffith" had succumbed before the rigour of the winter. Now, however, the whole of them are in leaf, and we have thus a promise of a noble row of English elms in due time, to keep green the memory of our first English cricketing visitors. His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales attains his twenty-first year on the 9th proximo. As tho date falls upon a Sunday, it is most pro baolo that the following day-Monday, the 10th -will be obsorved as a general holiday through- out tho Australian colonies. The sums received by the Irish Relief Fund Committee since the last homeward mail hsve amounted to £1,500, which raises that fund to closo upon £5,000. It is expected that informa- tion will be brought by tbe next mail whioh will enablo the committee to finally close ils labours in the ensuing montb. The sums received and advertised by the Catbolio bishop (about £2,000) are independent of the foregoing large sum, and thuu raise to a largo amount the total of tho sum subscribed for the relief of .the distressed in Ireland. The case of The Hoard of Zand and Works V. Sacré, commenced on the previous day in tho District Court, in which the defendant waB sued, under the Masters and Servants Act, for wilfully and negligently destroying his employers' pro- perly, was concluded yesterday, and the Bench ordered defendant to pay £700 damages, or, in défailli, to go to gaul for thrco months. Leave was given to the defendant's attorney to choose, on or before Monday, tho form of his appeal from the decision of the Bench. Mr. W. 0. Sprigg has been announced as a candidate for tho seat vacated by Mr. John Williams in the Municipal Council of Emerald hill. Our German fellow-citizens contemplate hold- ing a gymnastic and musical festival in Cremorne Gardens during the last week of November" The affair will occupy threo days, and will, no doubt, attract to Mel bourn o a large number of Germans resident in tho interior, and in the neighbouring colonies. The Mount Alexander Mail has the follow- ing: - " Not long since Mr. Budden, the coffee-roaster, of Ha-grcavo-Btreet, purchased a quantity of chicory grown at Muckleford. The root han proved of excellent quality, and we shall doubtless soon be independent of foreign coun- tries for a supply of the nrticlo. Notwithstand- ing the prejudice that exists against the admixture of chicory with the roasted bean, it is found that persons unaccustomed to the use of pure coffee find it unpalatable. The English coffee-drinker can no moro recognize his favour- ite beverage deprived of the body and colour which chicory imparts to it, than he would the vintages of Xeres unfortified with the UBUSIallow- ance of aqua vito." A meeting of the Rogatta Committee was held at Marshall's yesterday afternoon. The prin- cipal business was to.rcsolve whether there should be one or two days' racing ; and after some little consideration, it was decided that the whole of the races should be compressed into one day. The committee then proceeded to arrange tho programme of tho different events, which will be duly advertised, as well OB (ho day on which the matches are to take place. Some amusement wnB created here on the arrival of the journals brought by the lait mail from England, by Iho report of a speech by Mr. G, F. Train, an American, formerly resident in Melbourne, in which all sorts of extraordinary statements were made with reference to the views of the rioters of Eureka Stockade notoriety. Mr. Train was always known to possess a lively imagination, and on this occasion he has suffered it to wander into tbe realms of lunacy. Those who best know the feelings that animated the Ballarat rioters are indignant at the calumnies he has uttered, and give his assertions the most emphatio denial. They are a tissue of imaginings from beginning to end. Colonel Colt'a consign- ments of revolvers, according to Mr. Train's statement of the money value of the invoioe, would amount to something like-two pistols It ia probably on this small basis Mr. Train built up the romance with which he amused his audience. His horrible tules of disaffection exist- ing in the colony some years since, and of the proffer to him of the Presidency of Victoria as an American colony, have no better foundation than, the dreams of a semi-lunatic. ? A " literary and musical entertainment" is to be given in the Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening, in aid of tbo Temperance League ot ' Viotoria, to consist of recitations, readings from the best authors, mid glees. The chhir will be occupied at eight o'clock, by Mr. Heales. A number of swamp magpies, rails, quails, native water-Uens, bronze-winged pigeons, and nativo wild ducks-twenty-three head in all caught in the Botanic- gardens, and intended for tho Zoological Gardens, london, will leave by the Yorkshire, on Monday. Some of these birds havo not yet been seen in England, Captain Reynell has kindly taken charge of tho interesting consignment. A sermon will be preached at St. Peter's Church to-morrow, in aid of the funds of the Melbourne Hospital. Competitors in the V.R.Í. Matches will be able to get their tickets and time- tables by ap- plying for them, or sending a written order to the Volunteer- office, this day, Saturday, and until Monday evening next. Tickets not called for before Monday evening will be given to the several drill-instructors for distribution. .It is notified that any competitor in the All-Comers' Matches who objects to tbo use of the sun-shades, as allowed by the council, may receive his entry baok on application on Tuesday next, between the hours of ten and four, at the Volunteer-office. The new long ranges, NOB, 7 and 8, will bo open for general practice on Monday and Tuesday, from six to ten a.m., and from two to six p.m., and on Wednesday from six to nine a.m. From ten a.m. to six p.m. on Wednesday they will be open for the Sydney and up-country volunteers only. One sergeant to each party. At the weekly meeting of tho executive com tnitteo of the Immigrants' Aid Sooiety, hohl yesterday, the superintendent made the follow- ing return :-Number of inmates in tha home, na report««} lust week, fj40 j admitted, «moe, 03 j persons who have reoeivad out door relief, 85 Total relieved, 697. Disohaiged from the homo dnnng thowcok, 78 , totil a* preeent remaining, 534, consistinf! of -children chargeable to the Government, 289 , casos cnargeiblo to the society, 245. The Pot Hand Guardiin, of the 21st ¡nat, «ays -" We aro informed of another promising rcsourco of this district just brought to light, It ii the discovery of load, of which a rich speci men has been found at the stoop bank rivulet, Glenelg River " Wo have our files from Sydney to tho 22nd Lost., nnd one day's later dato (27th ult ) from Wellington, N Z. At the East Collingwood Police Court yester day, a woman named Ellen Sutherland Banks waB fined 5s, and 5s 6d costs, for the use of abusive and obscene language in a public place for the same oûunce, a man named John Morris was fined £3, and 5a costs, or fourteen days' im pnsonment, with hard labour. In this case this somewhat extreme penalty was milictod becauso of the defendant's outrageous language and demeanour in court. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, a labourer namod Samuel Jessup was charged with Stealing a bottle of whiskey from on board the ship Eli Whitney The caso was, however, post poned until tho following day. -A mon named Miohaol Mahon was yesterday IzJH 10i, and 50s costs, for evading the city market dues, and hawking without a hconco The defendant being a man of some means, was fined a larger amount than on previous occasions, by way of example, as he had been very insolont to the collector on being asked to show his ticket, or to pay tho dues. The arguments in tho second of tho two do murrers by defendants, in the equity suit of DancKcr v Porter and others, were opened yes terday They will moat likely be finished to day, autd his Honour Mr. Justice Chapman will also most likely doliver his judgement immediately A meeting of ratepayers of La Trobe Ward WSB held last cvomng, at Mallott s Botanical Hotel, South Melbourne, to hoar from Mr. Walsh an account of lui past labours as their representativo in the Ci y Council, and, as seeking a renewal of their su (Tragen, bis intentions if re elected. The meeting wai presided over by Mr Pong-alli, and the usual volo of confidence, proposed by Mr Michel, and seconded by Mr Rogers, was car ned without dissent 