To the Editor of the Herald. SIR,-Tho comet which has for the last two months been pursuing ita appointed course through our Celestial Hemi- sphere, having, while it has been continually ascending on high, also considerably progressed towards tho Pole, has, however, in consequence of its poleward tendency having for the last four or five weeks been somewhat repressed, been constrained to keep olose'by tho oonstollation, " Ara cum thuribulo," whereby its inhabitants (there can bo no hatni in giving the reins to one's own imagination) should there be any that aro endowed with man's understanding, and also " religiously and devoutly disposed," have had an opportunity for thoir making thoir daily oblatisns, aooom panied, it must needs bavo beon so, with prayer and praise, on "the altar of incensó"set up for agespastina"hoavenly placo," to tho Almighty Creator of tho univorBO. The tele- scope by means of which I was cnublod, whonciroumstanoos were favourable, to follow this planotary world, after it had got beyond the reach of the unaided oye, is but a terrestrial and portable one, whose object glass is two inches in diameter, and thrco feet focal longth, tho magnifying power . of the eye-glaea being about 44. HENRY USSHER, Clk., A.M. Sydney, October 28ih. The Express of Saturday reports :-The dry weather at Armidale up to the timo we write (4i p.m., Friday) has been causing much anxiety, as the wheat crop will be irreparably injured if it continues much, u longer. MINING NEWS.-Writing on the 20th instant the Sofala correspondent of the Lachlan Observer says : Messrs. Gale, Cummings, and Co. crushed ten tons i of quartz, taken from Kearney's reef, which realised 46 ozs. 8 dwts. I have also seen 37 lbs of quartz crushed from Messrs. Walford and Miller's claim, in a pestle and mortar, which realised á dwts. 6 grs. ; also, 4 lbs. of quartz from Messrs. Anderson and James Kearney's claim, which turned out 6 ozs. 12 grs. This is no exaggeration, there being many here who can testify to what I say. THE REMOVAL or THE BRISBANE BAU.-The steam dredge for the removal of the Brisbane bar is daily in operation, no less than 1100 tons of silt having been removed between Monday, the 13th, and Friday, the 17th instant. The day on which the greatest amount of work was done was Wednesday, when 400 tons of silt were taken up, the dredge being twelve hours under steam, during which time only 23 cwt. of coal was consumed.-Queensland Guardian, October 25. ROCKHAMPTON.-The Bulletin of 18th instant re- ports as follows :-Yesterday, at noon, the foundation stone of the temporary Church of England was laid with the customary formalities, by his Excellency Sir G. F. Bowen. The building will be of wood, with, stone foundation, and the design is that of the simple early English style, which is remarkably chaste. The site is the church reserve, adjoining the National School. It is expected that the building will be finished in about ten weeks. The Mount Alexander Mail of Friday says;-"On Wednesday bush-fires were observed In several parts of the horizon, affording conclusive evidence of the heat of the weather. As the atmosphère is so arid at this early season, we may anticipate one of the hottest summers ever experi- enced." _ Music.-When there is the ability and taste, I regard music, combining, in happiest proportions, instruction and pleasure, as standing at the head of the home evening enjoyments. What a never-failing resource have those homes which God has blessed with this gift ! How many pleasant family circles gather nightly about the piano ! How many a home is vocal with the voice of song ! Tho piano is a great and universal boon and comforter. One pauses and bleBses it, as he hears it through the farm-house win- dow, or detects its sweetness stealing out amid the noise of the town-an angel's benison upon a wilder- ness of discord, soothing the weary brain, lifting the trou- bled spirit, pouring fresh strength into the tired body, waking to worship, lulling to rest. Touched by the hand we love, a mother, sister, wife-say, is it not a minibtrant oi love to child, to man, a household deity, now meeting our moods, answering to our needs, sinking to depths we cannot fathom, rising to heights we cannot reach, leading, guiding, great, and grand, and good, and now stooping to our lower wants, our souls reverbrating from its keys ? The home that has a piano, what capacity for evening pleasure has it ? Alas, that eo many wives and mothers should apeale of their ability to play as a mere accomplishment of the post, and that children should grow up looking on the piano as a thing unwisely kept for company and show-Rev. J. F. W. Ware. GOETHE.-After an early drive, I found old Goethe very cheerful ; he began to converse on various sub- jects, passing from the ".Muette de Portici " to Walter Scott, end thence to the beauties of Weimar ; to the " ¡students " and tho " Robbers," and so on to Schiller ; then he spoke on uninterruptedly for more than an hour, with the utmost animation, about Schil- ler's life and writings, and his position at Weimar. He proceeded to speak of the late grandduke, and of the year 1775, which he designated as the intellectual spring of Germany, declaring that no man living could describe it as well as he could ; indeed, it had been his intention to have devoted the second volume of his life to this subject ; but what with botany, and meteorology, and other stuff of the same kind, for which ne one cared a straw, he had not been able to futil his purpose. He proceeded to relate various anecdotes ot the time when he was director of the theatre ; and when I wished to thank him, he said "It ÍB mere chance, it all came to light incidentally-called forth by your welcome presence." Thes'e words sounded marvel- lously pleasant to me ; in short, it was one of those conversations that a man can never forget so long as he lives. Next day he made me a present of a sheet of manuscript of "Faust," and at tho bottom of the page he wrote, " To my dear young friend, F. B. M, mighty, yet delicate master of the piano-a friendly souvenir of happy May days in 1830, J. W. von Goethe." He also gave me three letters of introduc- tion to take with me.-Mendelssohn's Letters. GENERAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, IRELAND-10th Day.-Belfast, 24th July, 1862.-Inter alia Rev. Mr. Rogers, &c-Mr.; Rogers read a recommendation from the Board of Missions, to the effect that the Rev. Smylie Robson should be allowed to leave Damascus, with a view to take charge of the moral and spiritual training of two sons of the late Said Beg Jimblat, chief of the Druses, who made a request to Lord Dufferin when he was dying that his two sons should be brought up in the re- ligion, customs, and manners of England. The re- commendation was unanimously agreed to. It was movedd by Dr. M'Cosh, and seconded by Mr. Mac- donnell, that they should join in thanksgiving for the gratifying statement they had heard. At the request of the Moderator, Dr. M'Cosh engaged in prayer. N.B.-Ihe Assembly's late and lamented missionary, Rev. Wm. Graham, was murdered in the general massacre of the Christians by the Druses in Damas- cus.-Belfast Paper." 1 <\- i 