TALUNGA. June 0. I'resent— Messrs. nenry jjawson (Chairman), Joseph Thyer, and Richard Gillard. Letter from the Trustees of the late Mr. II. Glover, requesting that no immediate proceedings would bu taken ru spectinir road through Section 7070. near Mount Pleasant, and that the mutter would be attended to as soon as his affairs were settled. Request to be complied with. The Cliairmuu and Mr. Thyer authorized to have some stone carted on the roud ut Gumeracha and MounLl'leusant. Tiie Effect ok a Shot. — From the very nrst, the fire of a majority of the rebels guns seemed directed at the Essex. Shu seemed to be remembered as the one which pitched a heavy 10-inch shell from Lucas Bend 'clean' into the very streets of Columbus, and they seemed deter* mined to pay off some old scores. In their first volley two %2-pound shots struck the Essex on le starboard bow, indenting deeply thu iron sheathing, and then glanced off down the river, while a perfect storm of iron missiles whistled around about her decks and ploughed into the water on either side. Sho received in all 11 shots, one of which carried death through the whole length of the vessel. It entered a larljoanl port, carried off the top of the head of the master's male, and, passing on, entered the Imiler, and instantly loosened a devil a thousand times more deadly than ball or bhell. The steam and water poured out, filling the whole space ttctwecn ducks, and causing more destruction than all the balance of the enemy's missiles put together; four men were instantaneously suffocated to death, and some 25 scalded, among whom was their gallant commander, Porter. The two pilots, who were in the pilot-house above, hail no escape except through a passage below, and up this the steam rushed as if coming from a safety-valve, ami of course with fatal effect. Koth men in the pilot house perished in this miserable trap— a death whose horror can scarcely be imagined, but cannot be 'described. The master's mate was a young man named S. P. Brittan, a native of New York, and I believe has occasionally acted as our corre spondent. The moment before the heavy 33 pouud ball came crashing through the port he was standing iu conversation with Commander Porter, and felt in the highest spirits. He had just finished a jocular remark when the shot struck him on tnp l«',-k of the hunt, taking the top and back completely off.— Letter fnia fhrt Henru. A sthoxo man,— uavm^ engaged tne largest hall in Boston (the Music Hall), I deli vered my lecture, in the words of the newspapers, ' with eclat.' The illustrations of strength which I exhibited on the occasion, though far inferior to subsequent efforts, were looked on as most extraordinary. The weight I lifted before the audience, with my hands alone, was 929 lbs. Thin was testified to by the City Sealer of Weights and Measures, Mr. Moulton. My success induced me to repeat my lecture in other places. Invitations and liberal offers poured in upon me from all directions; and during the ensuing seasons I lectured in Baltimore, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Albany, and many of the principal cities through* out the Northern States anil the OatwUas. To return to my lifting experiments, I had promised my father to ''stop at a thousand pounds.' In the autumn of 185d I liad reached 1,032 lbs. An incident now occurred that induced me to re consider my promise and get absolution from it. One day, while engaged in lifting, I had a visit from two powerful-looking men who asked pec mission to try my weight. One of them was j!ye feet ten inches in height, and 1U2 lbs. in weight, yhe other was fully six feet in his stockings,' ani 2121bs. in weight— a fearfu.1 upcaarity in the eyes of a man under fiv«j feet s,eve'n and weighing less than IJjO 'bs, The smaller of these men tailed to lift eight oi my iron discs, which, with the connections, amounted to 827 lbs. The larger indi vidual fairly lifted them at the second trial, but declined to attempt an increase. They left me ani I soon afterwards heard that they were practising with a view of 'putlifting Dr. Windshjp.' 3j father had incautiously remarked to me, '''Those huge fellows, with a little, ujwuticu, can lift your weight and you on. toppHt.' You can't expect to compete with giaijta. This decided me to test the Question whether five feet seven must necessarily yield to 'mere bulk in the attainment of the maxi mum of human strength. I had the- start of my competitors by some 200 lbs., qnd \ determined to preserve that distance between us. In the. autumn of that year I advanced to lifting with the hands 1,133 lbs., anij in'the sprihg'of lSt» to l,»)Slhs. I have had no evidence that my competitors ever got beyond 1,000 lbs., thoujih I doubt not, if they had had my leisure for practice, they might hav surpassed me. In July, 18G0, 1 commenced lifting by means of a padded rope over my shoulders, ray body, during the act of lifting, being tte&dicd; and partly supported by my hands grasping a stout frame at each side. After a ? few un successful preliminary trials, 1 ijuickly advanced to 1,100 lbs. The stretching of the ro[-e now proved so great an annoyance, that I substituted tor it a stout leather lund of double thickness, about two inches and a half wide, anil which hod been subjected to u process which was tulcuiated to render it proof against stretching more than half an inch under any weight it was capable of sustaining. But on trial, 1 found, almost to my despair, that it was of a far more yielding nature than the rope, and consequently* the rope was again brought into requisition. A few weeks of unsatisfactory practice followed, when it occurred to me thatun iron chain, inasmuch us it could not stretch, might lie advantageously used, provided it could lie so padded as not lo chafe my shoulders. After many uxiieriments 1 succeeded in this suhstitutum ; lmt the chiiiu had yet one objection iu common with the rope and tltCKtrap, arising from the dillieuity of fiettiii).' it properly adjusted. 1 contented myself with its use, however, until the Miring of IStfl, when 1 hit uimiii a contrivance which has proved a complete success. It consists of a wooden yoke lilting across my shoulders, and having two chain* connected with it in such a manner as to enable me to lift, on every occasion, to the must tulvnii tage. With this contrivance my lifting power has advanced with mathematical certainty, slowly, but surely, toiOU7lbs. up to this 23rd day of .No vetulier, 1SU1. In my public ex|-erimcnts in lit'thr,', when I have not used the iron weights cast lor the purpose, I have, as a convenient ?sub- stitute, used kegs of nails. It recently occurred to iuL- mill, u nisieai. hi mese Kegs i couiil employ a number of men selected from the audience, the spectacle would lit- still more satisfactory to the sceptical. Accordingly I contrived an apparatus by means of which 1 have been able to present this convincing proof of the actual weight lifted. I introduced it after my lecture at lhe Town Hall in Brighton, Massachusetts, on the llth of October, 1SU, iiml the following account of the result* appeared in one of the 'city papers:— ' standing upon a staging ut an elevation of aUmt eight or ten feet from the floor, the Doctor lifted and sustained for a considerable time, and without apparent dinicuhy, a pint form suspended beneath htm on Hh.ch stood Ii gentlemen, all heavier individually than the Doctor hiuiitelf, and weigh ing, inclusive of the entire apparatus lifted with them, nearly 1,!KKI Iks. avoirdupois. Iu the per formance of this tremendous feet. Dr. W. em ployed neither strops, bands, nor girdle- -nothing, in short, but a stout oaken stick till ing across his shoulders, ami having attached to it a couple of rather formidable-looking chains. At his request a committee, appointed bv the midu-iice, and fur nished with one of Firkuiks' scales, superintended all the experiments.' The exact weight lifted mi tins invasion was l.Kitilhs. A few evenings after, 1 lifted, iu the same way, in Lynn, l.Stkl lbs., iu Bronkline 1,S!H) lbs., in Mcdfiinl l.iKH lbs., iu Maiden l.lHtMlis., and in Clwrlestowu l.lMOllis. As my strcugth is still iucH'asiiij; in an undi uum.shed ratio, 1 am fairly lieginnuiK to wonder where the limit will be; and the old adage of the camel's back and the last feather occasionally suggests itself. I have fixed :i,(HKJ lbs. sis my lie plus altiti.— ' AuU-(iitnmn-hu--tt Skf'eht* of u Mratylh-Sechr,' in the Atlantic Monthly. uumomi AiiUEH. — Uuring my long so iourn in the colonies 1 must have ifestrovvd ut least l,ll!K) of t hese treacherous enemies of num. 1 was always under the conviction that the diamond adder possessed animal magnetism, and hud thtj power of fascination to u ilegtvc Iwyond any «thur if its species. Often have 1 seen a terror-sirickun little bird hopping from twig to twig, uttering tliu most ijliiintivc cries, and twittering its iicrvoiw wings in trembling agony; caused, as I have inva riably discovered, by the overpowering nttnwtivu gaze of a diumond adder. In this opinion I was one day most unmislukatilv confirmed; for whilst passing through the locality referred to, fur the purpose of hunting the diminutive animal erro neously termed thu katiHsiruorat. my favourite highly-trained lurcher, 1'at, hearing the well- known alarm-call of the over-watchful niina birds, imme diately ran to the. spot where they were assembled; curiosity induced me also to hasten totlioplua-. On jirrivini;. 1 perceived from certain twitching* of Pats sensitive foot and nose, whenever sliu touched any doubtful substance in the long grass, that the subtle enemy, the deadly snake, was somewhere in the vicinity, and had wen espied by the little bush police birds, ns the minus are erined, and of whom there must have lieen ut eiist six or seven hundred, screaming ut the top of heir voices and uttering cries of distress from tliu. branches of an adjacent tree. In vain did Put ami I .search every clump of grass, dead hush, tuul ilack log around us— nothing could he found. At length, however, after quietly watcliiuu at a littlo distance, for about ten minutes, from n ximul holo in the branch of u hollow gum-tree forth peered the grim visage of a very lurnu diuunmd udder. Pat's keen eves discerned tiie hiilcmw monster first, and ruUiiug towards im; iu undis guised terror, -vitli bristling hair and stuiuling erect on her hind legs, sliu showed mo the serpent —which had artfully crept up thu inside of a tree, the heart, of which hud been destroyed by bush fires. Being some 30 fed hckiw, I was cmupeUcd to lie a mere spectator, ami seeing that thu cunning snake was somewhat sliy of acting his part beforo so unwelcome an audieucu us myself and my intul igent dog Pat, we corcealcd ourselves lienind a uuiinu liulk uu-ii- waiuc*. uuiiu our rcuniiK, thu serpent regained confidence, ami instantly weeping from his dark hidiug-pluce, proceeded tn cut nine himself an mini a small brunch of tliu tree; whereon, firmly fixing himself, he uncoiled the upper half of his scaly pliant l«i«ly, mul ciitu nienced a scries of the most gruci-fiil movements imugiuable. The poor infatuated minus continued to scream, moan, and flutter round their intialimm adversary: gradually drawing nearer and nearer, perching themselves, within l-«r 15 inches of him, with outstanding feathers, mid piteous cries, ami punting as if ut the lust stage of life, they yielded one utter another to the tender mercies and clastic swullow of the horrid reptile, which dcvujirwl them, feathers and -all. until lie could MiM.Witely hold no more; lmt not the least exciting part i if le scene was yet to come, fur the wily inu.siiU'riMt( though he could devise means tu destroy -itl)t*t* created things, hud not thu fomiiKlit to luoviilo against the possibility uf lu» own destruction. He had satiated his upiHitilc-huil revelled in the death pangs of his poor victims -but, cunning as he wus, he proved his deficiency in military uctics. Wise generals ulways seu their way el«»r- fur ;i safe retreat before jirocewlini! on un I'uH'N lirisc. Kot so this outwitted udder; hy liiuj uxurintvd to such u degree upon innocent nitna.-; wit, when desirous of returning to his stronghold, ic small aperture through which he hud su overly squeezed his yielding hotly, not being of the same elastic cumiiosilioii us 4iis own, refused reudmittaiice to his now 1 iloutc.il and ovt-r-iiiirguil frame. Aflu-r repeated trial*, however, lip lu'cuinu ar.aru of his dilemma, and commenced his descent iy entwiniriit his nether cvtrcmily uroiind the owurmosl brandies uud twigs successively, until he hn-l reached the last; them swingim,'. head downwards, apparently in a very undecided moot) us to thu propriety of Lusting himself to thu hard ground beneath, he yvavuil nboitt for several minutes. Iu the meantime. I luul rapidly cut tlirco or four good waddics (native thcowinu- stkics), and forthwith commenced a sharp fusillade ut tliu vibrating fou. One lucky hit brought liimdowa iy a run, and in thu next minute thu Hock -a bereaved minus were deeply avengwl.— Thirty* three Yearn iu Tatmunui um- V'beturin. iiy Gctmie Thaunix Llmid. Coal Oil as a Remedy.— Professor J. Ii. Turner writes to the J'niirie firmer. Unit through ;i succession of experiments on himself, his children, liis horse, and other canys. lie has discovered t)\»t. coal oil is a curtain and speedy remedy for, all, scrofulous eruptions, ajid nil kinds of local dowses, Ktich us rheumatism, pains in the side, sltoiililcr, back, and joints, croup, sure throat, liruit^'j, strains*, cuts, nnd laceration on men ami umiuak Ho mentions several cases in his own fsimily where thu application of this oil gave, htatuiit and pmiia-. nent relief ; and, finding its cllccts so k-nulicial, he thought proper to rnivkc the discovery known tu le public. The Oration Farmer, having. publishe-l the above, says in u later number j— ' We uro glad to learn that it has been tried In several eases of rhuuniutisin and cll'ectud curus. Tliu rhcuumtUm U one of the diseases of this country, and u remedy or it is of very irroat value. It has tome to our knowledge that this remedy has Iwen usud in cusus of sore throat-sore from colds, perhaps bron liitis— with great advantage, even i-ti'ccthiK cures^ [ this lie so, its valuu «;an sciircoly lie appreciate*!. Wu ofaiin recommend to persons ailectcd vdltlr, rhcrimutikm to try this remedy, Bathe tin; paftn allected morning and evening— bathe welL dry in, by the fire. The flavour of coal nil is nut agreeably to many, but it soon passes away. Oirr, a±u opinion is that it is worth ull thu nostrums and patent medicines ever invented {or tho cure of rheumatism.' — Ytumun. TRAFFIC IN 11UMA.X HAItt. — III tllO report of the KxHiliition -if Arts ami Sciences ;it 'uris iu 1K« a, aat«uient of the tnule iu Iiumuu, hair was t'iven, from which it appeared that ilut exports of inwrought hair in ]£fc! amounted to, MUZ ihs., of the value of £5,300 ; and of wroight ut- manufactured hair, '&-,-& lbs., -if the valuvu{£5,DlK-. A large jiortiou of the hair exported #ot:s to tho United States and to Ureat Britain, VYu import on the average uliout IV) tons weiuht of human hair: the imports in IKjll were Kite lbs., oBiciaHy valueii at &V.W2.; A omsiduruUe- trade, it is wuli known, s carried on in hVlr for the mauufatstiire of liraco lets, rings, and brmichcM, as ornaments for ladies, as woll U3 for artificial braids, coroiwts, curls, ami plaits; whim there is also a considerable consump tion for false iHr.vNls, mustaches, wliihkcrH, and rerukes. As tho average weight of thu-full clip of hair wlion purchased from the French arid Fleru'sh. poi4sai|t girls is only about five and a half oiut&a;? the quantity imported annually shows that fully 45,0(JU heads must have been polled to fiuuish tlui amount. The huir, when it reaches tlic hands of tliu halrworkeriir hairdresser, is Hotted into k'nj£th% of 15, 12, 14 incises, &c.; It is tux-u«ed or clearul from impurities with sand aiwl, sawdust. About three ounces in the pound art lost iii thp processes of cleaning and sortmjr. The waste liair-cUiipinpi of hair-cutting rooms are sold as manure, beuii? worth from £iU-£5iH!rU)n.—WUliumLantim,in MeauiMtc* Mugasmc, H(i\V A riJiiUSHEK WAS XOTTAKKX IN. — Mr. Fields, the Boston publisher, has a wonderful memory, anil his knowledge of English litowturo rs so vaiualJe that, when a friend wishes to know wh,ero a particular passage may be found, he Htevu «vt once for tho corner, and eonsults tho man wlw is likely to Rive the desired information. A pom Ijous would-lie wit, not long aan, thinkinu to puzzle him and make sport for a company at dinner, in formed them, prior to Mr. F.'s arrival, that he had himself that rnornlnx written some poetry, and intended to uiiUinit it to Air. F. as Soutliey s, and enquiro in which uf his poems the lines occurred. At the proper moment, therefore, after thetucstii wore seated, he began:— 'Friend Fiel-U, I havo bcl-n much exercised of late, trying to find nut in Soutliyy's poems his well-kuoTn Hues ruimiriK thus — (repeating the lines he had ct-iunoi-ed)— canyon tell me alum t what tiutu hy wrote them;'' ''I do nut remumlter lo have uwt with them ltftirc,' replied Mr. F., 'aMtnere wereonly twapwiods in S'juthey's \\\fo whou such lines could possibly have l«en written, hy him.' 'When were those?' gleefully asked the witty questioner. 'Somewhere' said M.r. ¥., ' about that ]*riml of his existence when he was having Uu- measles and eutting his first teeth; or near the close of his life, when his hrain had softe,pyd, and he hail fallen into rdiocy. The versification belonj.'s to the. measles period, but the expression dearly l*truys the idiotic one.' The funny nuwtiouw smilwt faintly, but the cuu pany roared. . Tub OaujiS ok Giddiness. — it is not the height to which men arc advanced that makes them giddy; it is Die looking down with contempt upon those below them. ? The last Yankee invention is a new fashioned travelling-liar.', in which a man can stow himself upon a journey, ami travel without the knowledge of such spongco as dun a man for his. 1 fare. He places hlu^elf iu the bag, and, taking it I in his hand, passes {ur Ixujgage. 