EVENTS OF THE MOINTH. From, tbe Inauirer and Commercial Sews. From March 19 to March 26. A Poblic Meeting of the inhabitants of Fremantle - was heid at the Court House, on Monday, the 1 7th instant, at 4 p.m., the Resident Magistrate, Thomas Brown, Esq., in the chair, tbe object of tbe meet ing being tor the purpose of memorialising His Excellency the Governor on the question of laying out at once a good road between the seaport aud the Perth Causeway. Some resolutions were passed and a draft of memorial submitted, which was ap proved of and adopted by the meeting, fcereral gentlemen were chosen to form a deputation to wait on Governor Hampton, and we hear that seve- . rai gentlemen from Guildford will be requested to take part in the deputation. The difficulty of pro curing material is now no longer an obBtade, as from the statements made by several of the gen tlemen at tbe meeting it appeared that abundance of iron and limestone is procurable at suitable places on tbe line of road. M& David Thttit, an old settler, died suddenly at the Blackwood a few days since. He was en gaged in clearing a passage for his team when he complained of iliness and sat down. Shortly alter wards he was observed to fall forward, and his companion going to his assistance, discovered that be was dead. It is supposed that he dLd from dis ease of. the heart. We bear that the Perekop, from Melbourne, ar rived in Geograpbe Bay on Sunday, 16th ins'.ant. This vessel will load with tuart, cut under tbe super vision of Mr Coachman, and which has for eome time past been ready for shipment. The IAncelles is taking - in her cargo with despatch. The Government having accepted the tenders for tbe construction of the three b:idDes across St. John's Brook and the Blackwood, the work will be commenced forthwith. The tenders (£580 in all) were considered very rea sonable. Ihe settlers have determined to clear a.. line of road irom the Vasse to the Donnelly, and have, it is reported, commenced .operations. The obstructions are uot of a serious nature, and when ihe line is opened a great saving of distance will be the result. . ... The Bishop of Perth has succeeded in obtaining from tbe Society for Promoting Christian Know ledge a sum ot money— £1,100— towards the esta blishment of a Collegiate SchooL In consequence of tbia assistance, it is the intention of his lordship to make arraugements for placing the existing, liishop's School under the control of a superintend ing body, Trustees, Governors, or however they may be designated, whose duties will be similar to the Managing Staff of incorporated schools in tbe mother country. Tuebb has lately been a greater ..mortality than usual among the cattle, and its cause is as yet matter for conjecture. From Gingin down to the Blackwood cases have occurred of the sudden death of cattle ia good condition — some fit for the butcher, and upon runs not overstocked, ami which have hitherto been considered healthy. It has been discussed whether death is the result of poison, of some epidemic dis ease, or from long continuance on one run. The general opinion is thai the latter cause is the most |Wt*able,*Q£t]b*S jroq^dfttejChapge of .feed is?* Hpxtp&z; iwwn inland to(thetseafcoiflt, and pice rersa. hi A ras and.cUrn^n bjind i$ in cpi^se pif, fortnaticn ii tbe.paoet Company of the'MetropoHtaft Volunteer JVesV aidf Cue' youngsters' have already met to It is satisfactory to know that the Poet- office Monef-Ointeis^ftteaLiw^ during the do-t time it b»* be#n in force in .the colony, worked very well, and that the facilities offered for the transmission of small satas of money have been made available i-y the public. The aggregate amount transmitted by the February Haii was not inconsiderable, and that by. &£.M&rch; *[afl, if not quite so large, was con trUmteJLby.ji greater number of depositors; showing that the convenience is appreciated. We have not beard the exact amount transmitted in Post-Office Orders, and as there is no necessity for secrecy, it would be as well if a monthly return was issued, so \- that one might ascertain to what extent we have been benefited by this accommodation. From March 26 to April 2. It has been determined by the Government to complete the road between Perth and Fremantle (north aide) as soon .as labour is sufficiently abun dant, A bridge will eventually be built across the Swan at North Fremantle. The return cricket-match between Fremantle and Perth will come off at Fremantle on Easter Monday, 21st instant, upon the ground used as the Volunteer Parade Ground near Captain Finnerty's, and which is in course of preparation, with the ul- timate view of rendering it a recreation ground for the public. Mauritius news brought by the Guyon is not of general interest The cholera had been raping, but wasjotitbe decline, when the Gnyon left The cargo of timber taken by that vessel paid cost and freight; bnt the salt fish, though fetching a better pries thaa that from the Cape, did not pay expenses. Thb sandalwood export from Fremantle during the past week has attracted much attention, as sever since the commencement of this trade, now a period of 15 years, have fonr. ships been loading ajt any one time; and. singular to add. all for different jwrts, the Tientsin for Hong Kong, the Alliance for Atnpjr, and Adelicia for Sbanghae. the Robert Morrison, as before reported, for Singapore, *i ha full cargo of sandalwood and 9 horses. We omitted last week to state that a cricket match was played on Friday, 21st ultimo, between Fremantle and Perth, making the first played, since 1860\. The match came off in Perth, and was' well contested; great good feeling prevailed, and much attention was paid to the game throughout by all the players. From April 2 to April 9. Oh Monday, evening there was a meeting of the Metropolitan Volunteers at the Freemasons' Hotel, Colonel Bruce in the chair. A statement of accounts was produced, from which it appeared that theie was a balance in favour of the Corps of £S7 8s Id, of which £14 7s 6d belonged to the band-fund, Jeavirg ££3 7d available for general purposes. That balance did not include the monthly subscriptions collected at the afternoon' parade. There were debts due to the Treasurer on account of clothing to! the amount of £10, which it was thought would Boon be paid in. The members expressed their satisfaction and a statement to that effect' was eiihired in the minute-book. The subject of dotting was brought forward, and it appearing that the Government would not assist the Volunteers until . bye-laws were, adapted applicable to every Corps, farther discussion was postponed until the result of a meeting between the committees of the Perth and Fremantle Corps, for the purpose of adopting the code of laws, should be known. That meeting was to take place last evening. The com ini tee were desired to ascertain what materials could be procured suitable for cap -covers and trousers for winter wear, and report to the Company. As regards the Band, the meetiug was informed that about £50 had been obtained in the shape of donations, and subscriptions to the amount of some £30 per annum promised; that an order had been transmitted for musical instruments, &c;, which wocid, it was believed, cost £50. and might be expected in four months. It was resolved that the members of the Band be exempt from payment of the monthly subscription of one shilling. The hour of parade for the ensuing month was fixed fit half-past 5 p.ra. instead of 6 o'clock. The Favourite arrived from Champion Bay on Sunday afternoon, bringing 30 tons of copper ore for the Wheal Fortune alining Company. This quantity, And what has already been brought down, make a total of 90 tons to be shipped by the linceHes to England. The Favourite also landed 13 native. prisoners, sent down for sheep-stealing; these poor wretches were landed on the jetty at 5 pjn , before a large number of the townspeople and their families, in a perfeet state of nakedness. It is now high time the authorities put a stop to such disgraceful exhibitions. It is not the first time the public have had to witness similar scenes. The Water Police . were obliged, before marching these unfortunate beings from the jetty to the lock- op, to get some old canvas to cover them. . For the sake pf humanity and decency, we hoLe that some means will be adopted to prevent snch exhibitions. It has. been proposed— and there is no reason to doubt but that the proposition will be favourably entertained by the Government — that postage stamps should be convertible into money at all the post-offices a small charge being mads for die accommodation. This plan will be of great assistance to such of the public as may have to transmit small sums, as it will obviate the necessity of sending silver, which adds to the, postage and the jisk. The Post Office is now becoming an important department, and if the tn«neyorder systetn is extended to the various districts, and if Post-Office Saving Banks are established, it will become necessary to increase the salaries of the various postmasters, whose labours and responsibi lities will be materially increased, TdB! road between Perth and Pinjarrab has been greaity improved of late, although there still remains mnth to be done; but between Pinjarrab an9 die Harvey Bridge it will be pecessary to select a new line of road for a part of the distance, the present track being entirely under water in the wibter. . We believe that a line not bpea to this objection has been chosen. From the Northward we learn that an attack had been made by natives on the sbeep- station of Mr J. S. Davis, about 100 miles from Champion JBav. They destroyed a great number of sheep and dared (he shepherds to move, even to get any thing to eat, pearly starving the poor men. Eleven of these natives have been caught and were we presume among .the gang who were landed in Fremantle on Sunday. The three natives condemned to death at the recent sessions are to be hung to- morrow. One of them. Finger, suffers in consequence of the murder of Charles Storey at Albany. The others die because they killed a native girl. The first offence was committed for the sake of plunder; the ' iafler in obedience to the savage superstitions of the aboriginal population. In bur notice of the Volunteer Meeting we omitted to state that it was nnanmVoofcly resolved that ihe Secretary write to Lieut. Thoroid, R.E., thanking fcim for the assistance he rendered the corps at its formation, and for long afterwards, by consenting to act as adjutant The constant attention paid by Lient. Thorold to the Company at a time when his . services were e*peccial!y valuable, will be long re membered by the me-- bers of the corps. . The quantity of. ore carted down to the Bay from .the WanerenookA Mine during the month of March was '22 tons. There was at that date ready fur shipment about 66 tons, the produce of the Waher enoofea Mine. A memorial to the Governor, pray ing lor the supply of a water police boat and crew, Was in course of signature at Champion Bay. . On Saturday a match was played at the recreation ground Perth, between the members of the Bishop's School Cricket Club and an eleven selected from among the townsmen. The game terminated in vafour the former, who obtained in one innings double the number of runs scored by their opponents. Some of the. College boys played remarkably well, and would make a creditable figure on any ground. It is currently reported, is the best informed circles, that these gentlemen intend challenging the Perth and Fremantle Clubs. With an eleven selected from the best cricketers in either town, the scoring will in all probability be more equal than it was on Saturday last. From April 9 to April 16. On 9th $Tovember three conditional-pardon holders (Dl Mctadden, J. Wilson, and P. Dnnningem,) booked at: Albany as deck passengers per Salsettel On board; thfey gave up their passage-tickets, bnt after the vessel1 cleared the harbour, it was discovered that there were, four men. From their clubbing together, it was impossible to discover who were the three men who had paid their passage money. On arriving at Melbourne, in obedience to a signal from the vessel, a* police officer came on board, who discovered and arrested the stowaway, one J. Sanders. He mus tered the passengers from Albany (six) and demanded the production of their papers. Two of them pre sented ajgned and sealed clearances, purporting that the holders were free men ; throe, being- conditional pardon holders, showed certificates signed by Sir A. Campbell, but without a seal, to the effect that the hearers were free to leave the colony, one (the stow away) had no clearance, and was taken into custody. Tbe police officer was informed, on enquiry, that the one description of certificate was given only to free men, and the other to conditional-pardon men. The three, conditional-pardon men were taken on shore, confined iu jail, and returned to King George's Sound by the next steamer. A legal gentleman in Mel bourne undertook their case, and obtained permission of the Governor for them to proceed to their destina tion, but they had already been sent back. A correspondence ensued between the Melbourne Autho rities and the Agent of the P. & O. Company, which resulted in the latter being informed that the commanders of the ships were liable to a fine of £100 for eacu man of that class brought into the waters ot tbe colony. Hence we presume the necessity of the advertisement on tbe part of the P. & O. Company which appears in to-day's issue. Had Sfc not been for the stowaways* connection with the three men who had paid their passage, and also for the insulting' epithets applied by one of them (McFadden) to the police officer, which irritated him to put in force a law which in Victoria had been suffered to remain in abeyance, there would have been no difficulty in conditional-pardon men continuing, as heretofore, to proceed to Sydney by mail packet. We do not know whether the distinction between the two certificates Is according to regulation, or whether it is peculiar to ffing George's Sound. (BOH the colonial papers we glean that informa tion has been received to the effect that the Bed Sea Telegraph line will soon be complete from Suez to Jubal, an island at the entrance of the Gulf, and 146 miles from Suez. The P. & O. Company's steamers, outward and homeward, will then stop off Jubal, to land and there receive telegrams for and from England, India, China, Australia, &c; The Company's Agents everywhere will be authorised to receive sealed envelopes containing messages for transmission vi& JubaL When the Une is completed, the cost of a message between England and Australia will be, according to tile Times, about £3. These is some probability of the suspension of the Adelaide branch line of steamers to King George's Sound, as the Imperial Government have positively declined to costribdee towards its maintenance. The present contracrwith the A. S. N. Company has still six months to run. Already there has been some agitation in favour of a fortnightly mail, and if all the Colonial Govern ments concurred, the plan, would soon be carried into effect, as Hut one additional steamer would be required to connect tbe Colonies with the fortnightly line between England and Gaile; so that die extra oast would not be great, A sad accident occurred lately at York, when the youngest child of Mr W. Cowan was so severely scalded, that he died. It seems that in the evening when the sad event happened, the servant went out of the room to procure some hot water for the purpose of preparing the customary bath for the child. When she left the room, there was a light in it, but during her absence it was removed. At this period the poor child crept into the tub in which it was to be washed. The servant returning with a bucket of hot water, not perceiving the child in tile dark, threw tiie water into the tub, and completely over the infant (for be was but 2 years and 4 months old,) who was thus scalded to death. Ijtteixioence has been received of the safe arrival of the Gloucester at the Cape of Good Hope; all well onboard. :. The three natives condemned to death at the late Sjession, were executed on Thursday last. Finger, one of the murderers of Charles Storey, was hung first, and met his fate with remarkable coolness and intrepidity ; the other two, who were sentenced for the murder of an aboriginal girl at Victoria Plains, suffered together, but they did not exhibit the same courage as Finger — bewailing their fete with tears. The Melbourne Argus of March 21 announces ihe arrival of Mr F. T. Gregory in the following terms : — 'Among the passengers who arrived by the Northam, from King George's Sound, was Mr Francis Gregory, the well known explorer of North western Australia, who has recently returned from the north-west coast, bringing with him several new plants and objects of interest. He has found a new species of gourd near Nickol Bay, in latitude SOdeg. South, and longitude 117deg. East, and a plant be lieved to be entirelyneWjthe fruitof which, when fresh ly gathered, has a very strong smell, much resembling that of garlic, and so powerful as to render uneatable food kept in proximity to it. A new species of palm is also among tbe plants, and some fine kinds of beans. Mr Gregory has also brought with him several handsome pearls, one of which weighs upwards of four carats. He speaks in high terms of the cha racter of the country as adapted for settlement. After remaining a few days in Melbourne, he will proceed to Queensland, and thence to England, in oilier to confer with the Imperial Government in reference to the best method of rendering the new country available.' The Committee of the Perth Mechanics' Institute have published their annual report, announcing con tinued prosperitv. They regret that contributions for the Museum are not more numerous, and beg the assistance of the settlers. The report Istates that during the year 1861 ' a considerable nsAnber of new books have been added to tbe Library,'^ which now consists of 3,000 volumes. The Librarian issued 3, 800 volumes to members during the year. The number of newspapers, reviews, serials, &c;, is to be increased, and the reading-room will be regularly sup plied with the following:— Home STews, Illustrated London Jfews, Times, Weekly Times, Dispatch, Freeman's Journal, Punch, Working Man's Journal, Weekly Register, Watchman, Edinburgh, Quarterly, and Dublm Reviews, Once a Week, Ail the Year Bound, Blackwood's Magazine, Cornhill Magazine, and Chambers' Journal. The names of the gentle men who lectured during the year are published, and the subject of their lectures enumerated. The number of ordinary members is stated to be U»0. A statement of Receipts and Expenditure is also pub lished, from which it appears that £282 17s 5d was received, and £281 6s 2d expended, leaving a balance in the Treasurer's hands of £1 1 Is 3d. The amount received, from Honorary members was £43, and that from ordinary members, £41 16s lOd. The Governor has recently permitted the children in tbe Poor House to have a day's amusement in the Government Domain. Both His Excellency and Mrs Hampton take great interest in the welfare of the rising generation, and the former has paid more than one visit to the Church of England and Wesleyan Sunday Schools. Some very fair samples of cotton have been received from various parts of the colony, many of the settlers having sown a little seed by way of experiment. Some of the healthiest plants we have seen in the colony were in Mr Favvcctt's garden at Pinjarrab. A correspondent writes as follows: — 'The new church at Pinjarrah was in great danger of being destroyed by a bush-fire on Monday, the 7tb instant, the flames being so close as to consume the palings which surrounded the graves of those buried at the church. Every praise is due to Mrs McAttie, wife of the Pinjarrah Police constable, for her great courage and determination in averting1 the devouring element from the building, assisted by the exertions of her sou, a lad of some ten years of age.' The Comptroller General has written to our eon temporary, giving the following result of the analyses of certain mineralogical specimens sent by him to England. ' 1. — Molybdenum, from the Darling Range near Guildfbrd. Mr Tennant states that this mineral has not any commercial value «t present, Jjecanse it has never been fouud in any quantity, or at a price that would jnstifv mannfitcture. As experimentally to find the use it might be put to be oners to give at tbe rate of £56 per ton^ ,-fir a innatt quantity; supposing that the price at which any considerable quantity could be supplied. A Email party has been sent to obtain a quantity, which will be forwarded by the LmceUes, to ascertain the extent of tbe probable deposit. The mineral is Sulphuvet of Molybdena. 2.— Vein in Decomposed Quartz, from Toodyay Green Mount. This is chlorite vein, with quartz on either aide. Chlorite frequently accompanies tin ; it is called by tbe miners in Cornwall, Peach. 3\. — Wash Dirt, from Toodyay Green Mount. Thin sand contains Magnetic Oxide of Iron, Oxide of Tin, Quartz, and (?) 4\. — 1 — Black Sand from Canning River. 2\. — Do. do. Fremantle Beach. Analysis by Mr Phipson — These have both a similar chemical composition, being- composed of Magnetic Oxide of Iron, with a little titanate of iron, which forms the bulk, mixed with t paz and zircon, &c;, in feet they constitute a very CTreti''fc iron ore. The composition of No I is as follows: — Silicic acid with a small quantity of titanic acid ... ... ... 18*13 Magnetic oxide of iron, with a small -quantity of manganese and oxide of zirconium ... ... ... 81*87 Total... ... 100. Equivalent to Metallic Iron, 59 per cent. No. 2 is a little richer in iron, (about 85 oxide), both contain silver, from 8 to 10 ozs. to the ton. The little yellow grains in No 2 appeal to be topaz, the green ones in No. 1 are probably alnminate of zinc - The alumina of the topaz grains is counted -with the oxide of iron; it together with tbe oxide of manganese and oxide of zirconium would amonnt to about 1 J or 2 per cent. ; the fluorine of the topaz has not been accounted for — being a very small quantity.' 