SANDHURST CIRCUIT COURT. (FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISBR, FEB. 12. (Before his Honour Mr. Justice Molesworth.) The business of the Court was resumed yester- day, and the following case was disposed of:- ADMINISTERING NOXIOUS DRUGS. Charles Grandison (a young coloured man, aged about twenty-five years) was indicted for having administered poisonous drugs to one Esther Hutchinson, on 21st January, 1862, and, in anther court, with administering a dangerous and noxious thing, with intent to injure her. The following jury was sworn - W. Wilson (foreman), John Finlay, E. Casey, P. Hayes, P. Kilbride, A. Taylor, J. W. Foot, L. N. Rains, Thomas Connel, Wm. Floyd, Jas. White, and Geo. Watson. Mr. Brewer was with the Crown Prosecutor in this case, and Mr. Lysaght was appointed by the Court (selected by the prisoner) to oonduct the. defence. Mr. Smythe opened the case at considerable length, pointing out to the jury the law as to the commission or the intent in cases like the pre- sent. Esther Hutchinson, an attractive-looking girl of about fifteen yours of age, proved that she resided with her father at Goornong, and the prisoner lived with her father as a labourer. On the 21st of January she and her sister came home, and went into the kitohen, where the prisoner invited them to have a pancake, and gave each of them one. Witness ate nearly all of hers, when she met with a piece of thread, and went to her mother and told her. Wit- ness then experienced severe pains in her stomach, and her mother gave her some gin, and subsequently some salt and warm water, as an emetic. Witness was laid up for two weeks, and still had severe puns in her back. Her health previously was very good. Her lip had been much swollen. She expenenced the burning pain a few minutes after eating the cake. Had had a quarrel with the prisoner on the previous Saturday about the victuals not being cooked properly. The prisoner on that occasion said he " never fell out with anyone but what he poinsed them." Dr. Cheyne had attender her. Alexander Rolston proved that the prisoner left home on Thursday, saying he was going to get a bottle of beer. He returned with a bag only. On the next evening he told witness that on the pre- vious evening Esther Hutchinson had promised to meet him, and that seeing the mistress he picked up a bag and came away. He then said he " knew of something that would make her (Esther) glad to meet him. " On the Saturday night the prisoner started, and did not return till Sunday evening, when he showed witness a parcel containing some- thing like fine gunpowder. (The remnant of the cake being shown to the witness, he said what is on the cake resembled what the prisoner had.) The prisoner said that would make her laugh and be glad to meet him." Witness cautioned him as to the dangorous effects, and the prisoner replied that he could in such a case easily "slither away." The witness described the giving the pancakes to the girls as detailed by the other witnesses. On tho messenger being despatched for the father, the prisoner said that she was sending for the master because the men were not goine out to reap. Dr. Cheyne proved that he was called in to see the girl Esther Hutchinson, and found her labour- ing under a burning pain in the throat and abdo- men, and nausea. The piece of pancake pro- duced was handed to him by her mother. The substance on it is cantharides, an irritant poison. When given in large quantities, it is a most dan- erous poison A medicinal dose is from one to three grains. From the symptoms developed, some five or six grains were probably taken. The smallest quantity known from his medical read- ing to have taken life was twenty-four grains. The jury retired for consultation, and in twenty minutes returned with a verdict of "Guilty of the second count ' against the prisoner. Sentence, five years' hard labour. INCENDIARY BUSH-FIRES.- It is a deplorable f tot that nuiirly all tho bush (1res which result 11 mich tamblo loss to tho squatters, and sometlin 11 10 tho f armors, uro tbo it nuit of fires wilfully 11|, li tod. Sometime:) tno disaster is occasioned be oitrclcssnohs , traveling nnddrnjmcn nogloofc 11 pill out thoir camp (Ires, n breeza springs up, a. 11 tho Hanns am spread urouud. But more fro queiitly tbo flics aro the result of diroot malu i, in fact-incendiarism. Piomtited by ill ft,oli i{ ? nd revengo towards mi indtvidunl miuattor, mi i ncbignodly sot lire to Iiih grass, choosing, ii i lurso, for thuir purpose nu out of tbo-way spj , t hero the 11 enies can rapidly spread, and tho 'i j i ssuin.0 largo proportions before assistance oau l> j I ¿therod to extinguish it On Sunday last tho j v.na a remnileíble instance of this villnny in ti i i ui;hboiirhood of Dunkeld Tho Luihth^j t 11 tins station, « Inch belongs to Mr Silas II aril 11"-, i ad of »Inoh Mr T KuoiriistboBuporinlondiin , t nu seton bro on that day m siveral difiero i. i li ces, nuil from nil tito attendant circuuisUmiii, eliiro is not the linBt doubt of its having lim no deu/rntdly and maliciously. Iufonuatn i a t tbo nlbiir « is ni oiiro givm to tbo pohoo, a 11 \r K inn i<. ud plnnrels on .Monday offcrittr i 30 io« ir I formell inform ilion us would laid t> uo com Kin n of tin offuider, but wo have iii. ard of iii j person liuvnig bein nrri-stod. O t ho folio*nig day Mi M Lean, a farmer a \ uddy Calk lind Ins htntlis sot on Aro, »it i cirlj tbo wbolo of Ins on pa, whtoh had jn cn linrviHtul, «ero destroyed - Hamilla II citai», Tub 8. Til« Ommaif OF Bkishanp -Tho utato of (bo temperature dunn., tho month of Dicomba , «s índicatod by the thu inomitir at two o'olooi 11 tbo «hade, is tis follows i Highest temperature. Uri; , loti st luiiutraliirc, 7l»di¡{ , »viragof ir , ink m liri». 1) i. mbur 7, 80 leg,, ni erogo fir «itk in li " li t m i i li, iSldig , average fir i-i k lu li: h 1) k. mliir.il, (Udig , average fir lL «.ullina I) ii ib r J8 SiJuir , uverairo fir i a ino itb, ¿i ij, -Q tccnslunil Guafduit, Jj.. 4 