LOCAL INTELLIGENCE, THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.-We presume that, as yesterday waa observed as a holiday in Sydney, the telegraph offices must have been closed ; at any rate, no message came through for us, although we expected further intelligence respecting the City of Sydney's wreck, and had a faint hope that we might hear something of the arrival of tho English mail at Adelaide. THE WEATHER-The want of rain con- tinues to be severely felt, and much damage is accruing in consequence, both to the owners of stock and the cultivators of the soil. On Sunday last, special prayers for rain wore offered up in most of the churches, Accounts from the country, as far westward as the Balonne, tell of nothing but drought and bad prospects, and the same tale finds an echo every- where almost throughout the colony. We have scarcely ever known the sky more tantalizing. Portents which have heretofore been the certain forerunners of rain, have come and disappeared, without any token of the long-hoped for results ; and to add fur- ther gloom to the withered and desolate aspect of the landscape, we have all around the horizon, a dense haze of smoke, ema- nating from innumerable bush-fires. Heartily do we re-echo the prayer that rain may soon fall, in order that the husbandman may re- joice, and that there " may be food both for man and beast." VOLUNTEER BAND.-A meeting of sub- scribers to the Queensland Volunteer Band will be held to-morrow (Wednesday) evening, at seven o'clock, io the Municipal Council Chamber, Queen-street. The meet ing is convened for the purpose of electing a permanent committee, and transacting other business. ENTERTAINMENT.-We observe that a gentleman styling himself Signor Sanchez I will give an entertainment at the Free- masons' Hotel, Albert-street, to- morrow evening. The Signor, who is described in the bills as a tumbler, olog- dancer, &c;, will be assisted by Miss Julia Anderson, a cele brated banjo and bone player. LECTURE.-The eleventh lecture of the session will be delivered in the School of Arts this evening, at eight o'clock, by Mr. A. J. B. Jenner, the subject being " The Chemistry of Common Life." "THE BLACKBALL JOURNAL."- We yes- terday received a copy of a journal bearing the above title, originally published in manuscript on board the Prince Consort im- migrant vessel. It contains the kind of matter usually found in shipboard publica tions, and purports to have been edited by a Mr. W. Gray, who appears to have been an enthusiastic admirer of the Rev. George Wight, whose name very frequently appears in the text, and who would seem to have been regarded on shipboard as a great authority on Queensland topics. As a speci- men of the poetical contributions to the Journal, we subjoin a few verses of a piece headed "Black Ball Lyrics, No. 6.-The First Tooth" : Mamma discovered that the call Revealed the joyful truth, From out the coral of her gums Peeped " Mary Jane's" first tooth. Now come and see ! papa, and James, Davina, George, run quick ! Such news our fellow-passengers Brought crowding fast and thick. The captain swore that in a ship, From taffrail to jib-boom, A baby's first new tooth just cut Whipt "Van Tromp's boasting broom." Now with my pearly white new tooth, You're in for such a bite. Else keep your fingers from the mouth Of your loving "BABY WIGHT." RUNAWAY SEAMEN.- On Friday night last eight seamen belonging to the Prince Consort successfully bolted from that vessel. Having fastened the cabin doors and other- wise secured the officers of the ship, they lowered one of the boats, and succeeded in reaching the shore without being observed by the Water Police. Some considerable time having elapsed before the circumstance became known, the absconding men were able to elude the vigilance of the officers sent in search of them. STATE OF H.M. GAOL, Brisbane, for tho week ending 8th November, 1862 : Mnle8. Feraalea. For trial . Imprisonment Hard labor on the roads Hurd labor in the gaol Solitary confinement Fines., Bail. Lunatics . Total... 10 1 20 5 4 0 G2 1 11 0 4 . 3 2 " 0 23 4 