SYDNEY, FRIDAY, SEPT. 5, 1862. IN the Legislative Coanoil yesterday, j The Coal fields Regulation Bill waa brought ap from the Legislativa AtBembly, read a first time, and its seeond reading was fixed for Wednesday next. In answer to Mr. KEMP tba ATTSBNBY-GEKEUÎX »id the Government didnct intend to introduce a measure to bring the Sydney Building Aot into effeotaal opera- tion. A motion waa passed ordering a return of all applica- tions for aid made in conformity with 7 William 4, No. S, whether for buildings or stipend« subsequent to the pall- ing of 18 and 14 Yiatoria, oap. 09. A petition was presented from 338 inhabitants of St. Patriot/a Pariah against tba abolition of Stats-aid to »eli glODi Tba Joint Stook Companies Incorporated in the United Kingdom Bill was allowed to lapee. Toe resumption of the debate on the second reading of the Legislative Council Bill was commenced by Dr. MITCHELL, who thought the present Con loll preferable to the one proposed to be formed, and moved the pre- vious question. Mr. BOURN EUSSIIX characterised the bill as a hybrid and impraotioabla measure which he was sure the oountty would never accept. Hs dwelt npon the evill effect of forming the colony into one electorate, siooe it wonld keep msny good men out of the Hons?, and be supposed, with the exoeption of tba honorable President, there were not half a dozon capable men known all over the colony. The system of cumulative votes was also ob. jeetionable, and be should endeavour to have the bill amended in comnvttee. Mr. JOHN CAMTBELL wag in favour of a nominated House, and wonld vote against the bill. Mr. BUTLER was a warm advocate of Hare's system, but the committee had engrafted npon it a number ot excrescences which must ensure its rejsoiion by the Assembly. Hare's system contem- plated the representation of all classes, but this bill provided that oertain persons and oiassea should not be represented. He waa deoidedly opposed to the system of cumulative votes, by whioh means B*it/ft<o.nsr6onj| might form a clique in the country. If was opposed to" the ptinoiple bi'nomlneefsm'eMbSaiSS in the measure, but would vote for tba second reading, se that the Assembly might deal with it. Mr. KEMP defended tba lill, and trusted the Oounoil wonld stick pertinaciously the the principle of nomi neeism embodied in it. T£.e d8bl,,« WM adjourned to Wednesday next, when it will take precedence. The Counoil adjourned at twenfy-zlrfl minutes to ten. lill four o'oloek on Wednesday next. TN the Legislative AssemVy, yesterday, Ia reply ta a question, Mr. AiutQLD stated that the Telegraph OfBoa at Tambaroora would be open in a weah; Mt. JIOTTOK made a personal explanation et bia oon dnot in pairing off with Mr. Lewis on the third read- ing of the Stata.ald Abolition Bill. Mr. Lewis bad aoted quite in accordance with the understanding arrived at between themj A petition was presented from O. P. Lawrence, whose grievanoe is being considered by a seleot committee, praying to be heard by counsel befóte snob aommit.ee The prayer of the petitioner was complied with. The Coal-fields Bill was read a third time, and trans- mitted to the Council. i. Tba House went into oommittee of supply, the sop. pleman'ary estimates being taken ander consideration. The first item oropoaed was ttlH 19a. 0 J. for pen. nions to four persona retired from the public sertioe, which was opposed by several honorable members on general grounds, bot agreed to by 14 to 13. The eum of £300-£300 increase to the salary of the President of the Legislative Connoil, and £100 in orease to the salary of the clerk of the same chamber-was next proposed. Mr. Dix.or.EXBH moved the omission of the £300. Th. ln«,i.,a v>*a annnnvtArt nn tim errnnnrt thee fhn redaction bsd been made hastily end on personal grounds, by Messrs. QABBKXX, HAT, COTTTEB, and M OHMS. On the other batd it was contended that £1000 a year was sufficient remuneration for the servioes performed by the President, by Messrs. LEAST, DALGLEISH, SZEWABT, and CuuintioB. Mr. PISBIKOTON end Mr. MOBXABTT thought the pro i position waa an insult to the House-which had already derided that the salary of the President for this year should be £1000. The amendment waa negatived by ai to 30. Mr. DALGLEISH moved the reduction of the £300 by £100 19a., wbioh was negatived, after considerable dis- cussion, without division. Mr. PIDDINGTON moved, as'an amendment, the omis- sion of the aecond item, as he believed the inotease waa unnecessary. The amendment was csrried by the oasting vote of the Chairman, and tba reduced item carried by 35 to 16. . Tbe item of £570 Os. ld., for police purposes waa then proposed. Mr. Durren proposed tbe postponement of one item, whioh waa negatived: Tbe total item waa passed, after a few remarks from Mr. COWPEB, Mr. B. FOBSTEB, and Mr. DANOAB; The sum of £1046 Us. 9d. was proposed for gaols, and, aftrr tome commendatory remarks by MOBBIS. 'WILSON, LXABY, SADISTS, and W. FOBSXEB, with reference to the educational establishments at Sydney gaol, was agreed to. In proposing the sum of £104 6s; 4d. for the Obser- vatory, it was stated that Mr. Scott, the Government Astronomer; had tendered his resignation. £83 Ol. 4d. for Lunatio Aaulnm ; £100 to prooure vac- cine lymph from England ; £4646 6s. lOd. for obafitabla institutions ; £300 in aid of mechanics' institute at Albury, wera agreed to, On the sum of £2538 7s. 4d. being proposed, excép- tica was taken to the item for the military expensas at lambing Fiat, by Mr. DALGLEISH, on the ground that sufficient information.had not been given. The amount ' was carried. ? '-" .- ? . -, The committee then resumed, and ¡the House ad« jonxned at twenty minutes past twelve. WITHOUT in any way anticipating the result of the inquest now proceeding with reference to the late destructive fire, we know enough to suggest a few considerations touching the pre- vention of snch disasters in future, as well as with reference to efficiency in coxing them. The fire broke ont at an early hour in the evening. The streets were thronged with people, and many of the neighbouring shops were open. Yet, although the first outbreak of flame was seen by several perBons, and although there was scarcely a breath of wind to fan the blaze, the conflagration spread with all the rapidity of a bush-fire in dry grass on an open plain. The reason was but too obvious. All the back buildings adjoining that in which the fire broke ont, might have been expressly prepared for the purpose of destroying the city, so irresistibly did they invite the flames to spread amongst them. Those who, witnessed the conflagration from Pitt-street, saw the live fire speeding along the dry shingles that covered the whole range of sheds, almost as fiercely as if they had been coated with tar. These buildings had no party walls to proteot one from the flames that broke out in the next, as soon aa the burning roof fell in. It waa seen at a glance that the whole range of back sheds and warehouses was doomed to destruction ; but this was not the worst of it, As the fire became stronger, it forced its way into the front buildings nearest to it, and was soon raging furiously in two of them. However the calamity may have origi- nated there was not the least difficulty in its extention. The flamea consumed all within their reach, until weakened by the play of the engines, and checked by the thick party walls which saved the front buildings on either side from destruction. It was remarkable that a light breeze that had been blowing just before the fire broke ont, had lulled at that time, but revived and grew stronger after the flames had been extin- guished. If this wind had continued during the progress of the fire muoh greater loss must have accrued, and in all probability the whole block of buildings in that vicinity must have been destroyed. As it was, the party walls saved them, just as the water-tight bulk-heads save a vessel from sinking though the sea rushes in from a leak in one compart- ment. It is to be regretted that repeated warn- ings have not enforced equal precaution in guarding against the terrible mastery ol fire, to that which so often of late years has prevented the engulfing of a ship and crew in the ocean. The great loss of property at the twa last fires between George and Pitt streets was entirely caused by the inflammable nature of the materials composing the back buildings, and the utter want of soli i divisions between them. When one caught fire, the whole were lost, and the conflagration could only be effectually checked when it came to substantial brick or stone divisions. It is bad enough to observe sa manyi places in the city where a similar commencement must inevitably have a precisely similar termination ; but it looks almost like insanity when the buildings just destroyed are being replaced by others equally dangerous. Yet that such is the case may be seen by any one who looks at the new structures now in course of erection . on the scene ot the late fires. Surely, if we cannot have a law for the pulling down ol existing dangers of this kind, some means ought to be taken to prevent the creation of new perth of the sort. The promptitude of the fire brigades, and thc hearty assistance always afforded by the crowd« that assemble on such bcoasions as these, have been frequently and deservedly commended. But the want of a directing power is too often and destructively made manifest. Every man goes to work as his own judgment prompts him at the moment, and tho consequence is that one ruau"jncv'ï,v.thp.-içjcer.tio.ns of the other. Some from danger, tear down everything " they can- lay hands upon, and hurl valuable property into the street, to be smashed to pieces. A hundred voices oro heard at once, directing, advising, and imploring. Instead of a common effort acainat the common enemy, we have to witness a mere competition in destruction, as if the people who have come to put out the fire had at ail events determined that it shall not have the credit of doing the most damage. Similar effects ore produced when ardent but undisciplined troops go to battle with a formidable foe. They check and overpower each other, friend fires upon friend, and the swordsman backs down his oomrade. Frequent instances of this have oc- curred during the present American war. In Prussia, the fire-brigade has been brought to a high state of organisation and efficiency, and everything is done upon system and by command. There may be some difficulty in bringing about such discipline here, but it may be surmounted by persuasion and conciliation. Our Military Volunteers place themselves under the com- mand of an officer of the regular army, by whose practised judgment their evolutions are brought into harmony; and we cannot see any good reason why the principle should be unacceptable in dealing with fire, which is an enemy requiring not merely courage but skilful co-operation for its conquest. If, by mutual arrangement, a commander of the fire brigades of all classes could be selected, each engine, might still have its captain, who, while allowed some discretion as to mere details, could receive general directions from the commandant by sound of the bugle. No law or regulation will ever insure silence on the part of a crowd at a fire ; but the bugle would render its .vociferations unimpor- tant, and it would not be difficult to devise a code of notes for the purpose. We trust that all who have devoted their time or made it their business to aid in the suppression of these dan- gerous conflagrations, will take this subject into serious consideration, and endeavour I to come to some amicable arrangement ¡ which shall prevent future mischief j from misdirected zeal, and make the services of every man available for a common purpose, . Is it necessary to repeat here the caution that has been familiar to every one from childhood -" take care of the fire !" Trite as the lesson is, it is too often neglected. The slightest spark left unextinguisbed or uncared foi has frequently originated irresistible des- truction. As yet we have comparatively escaped those shocking calamities of which the Euro- pean papers occasionally inform us, and loss ol life has been rare. But it such results cannot be always prevented where the greatest organi sation and discipline exist for the purpose, wc must not be surprised if we some day witness similar disasters. In one case an intrepid mac found his way into a burning house, and had nearly succeeded io rescuing a young girl, when she fainted, and he had to commit ber to the flamee in order to save his own life. In another, at inmate endeavoured to escape from a, house or fire, and was seen to hang on by. his fingers tc the window, absolutely roasting, till his hole relaxed, and he fell crushed on the pavement below. These events are only of receñí occurrence in England. Nor -although happily, Bach dreadful cases have not beet frequent - are we entirely unacquainted with such shocking incidents. It is but two o: three weeks since two children were burnt el iv« in a but in one of the Northern districts, whil< their agonised parents shrieked helplessly «u> side. Great ia the responsibility of all who have to deal with fire, and fearful are the eon* sequences that may result from the slightest neglect. And, independently of the more solemn risk to human life, the consequences in a monetary point of view may ba most dis tressing. Large establishments may be de- stroyed, their owners and their creditors ruined, and whote families brought to destitution. In- surance Companies, moreover, become jealous and suspicious as fires become more frequent, and cast about for the means of in- creasing their rates. At present there seems to be a dead set against kerosene, though, in point of fact, while we have had dangerous explosions of gas in the city, no such accidents have re- sulted here from the use of the new oil. To sum up all, the duty of guarding by every possible pre- caution against the terrible ravages of fire, is one so serious and so imperative that he who neg- lects it is a foe to humanity. And, amongst other portions of this precautionary duty which fall directly upon the Qovernment and Legisla- ture, that of taking good care that a\l places of public amusement shall be eonstructed with due regard to the safety of the people who attend them, is one which it would be criminal to ignore. As.a new theatre is about to be built, this important subject should not be lost sight of. _;_ 