GLENGOWER. (rsou ouB o«s coK«LsroM)BST.) March 11. Since my last, there has been little doing here, if we except a lucky find in Little Xuggetty Gully last week. A wii«?r went into an old claim, where a pillar had been left for the support of the ground, by the parties who had previously worked the claim, put iu a prop, and drove out the stay of ground, when, to his surprise, he first came on a pieee weighing hslf-au-ouuce, then on another of one ounce, and subsequently on a nugget weighing 10 ounces— making in the whole 20^ ouuces for his dav'e work. He left directly after ascertaming the amount of his good fortune, saying he thought it would serve him better ot* some other diggings, where there was water, and a greater chance of turning tie proceeds to some account-. Thus it is that persons leave more behind them than they take out in nuggetty ground, from the fact that, seeing so little toe gold to pay them, they become tired of it, and leave it in disgust. It is impossible to sav what is left behind in a claim m ground of this kind. TJic original prospector of the cully left the ground because he could only obtain a few grains of fine gold to the tub, wheu those who succeeded him, on stripping and paddooking the same spot, discovered a nugget weighing over fourteen ounces. The tunnels are still working. Dixon's party an? putting in a new tunnel, and exct'to have about fortv feet more driving C fore they touch wafihtliri . The reef is very hard, and they progress but slowly. TTie company on the flat, principally Italians, are doing tolerably well. They are now under the bed of the creek, and arc prill getting pa\\-able gold. They had a narrow escape from a fall of ground last week, just over the mouth of their drive. Fortunately the breach was seen before any one entered. They succeeded in facilitating the fall, and on clearing away the dfbris it was discovered their opening set of timber had not been displaced, although a weight of many tons had fallen over it. The prospecting party sinking near the addock have etruck water rather heavily, Ft is greatly to be desired they may succeed in bottoming, as something new is much wanted here, otherwise the mining population will have to look elsewhere for that which is seemingly denied them here. The rush to Clydesdale ie nothing to what I expected to see it. Only some ten or a dozen shafts are going down, and no other claim was bottomed on Thursday last but the prospectors', whose prospect* it appears will average about half-aii-ounce to the load. This is on the Crown land, where the sinking is 60 feet, dry, but very tough. In the private property some few of the claims are paying well, while others close to them are getting little more than the colour. It is not as yet a place for any miner, who has anvthing like a claim giving him a livelihood where he is, to leave it to' come to, as it will be some days ere another shaft is bottomed, and then, from the patchy nature of the ground, it is uncertain what the result may be. I should strongly advise those who are getting a living elsewhere not to go there until something more reliable is discovered. Some think it will turn out a lead, but I am doubtful, from my previous knowledge of the district, it will only end in patches, few and far between." It is situated between Clydesdale and Strangways, and is of sufficient eitent, without going into private property, to employ a large number of miner*; but, as I hare before stated, I would not induce them by any representation of mine to trv it till something more definitive is made known. I was astonished on Friday morning last to hear several parties inquiring for a rush at Glengower. On inquiry of them, Ifound they had beard a claim ha<i been bottomed which had given one hundred ounces to the bucket, others heard that it had given thirty ounces, and the last, one hundred anil twenty ounces to the tin dishThe fact is, no claim lias been bottomed here during the past week, nor has anything tending to give rise to such a supposition occurred here. It is but the invention of some mischievous brain, got up to lead miners astray. As soon as I can learn anything authentic of the Clydesdale rush, I will forward it. We have again been visited by bush-fires during the week, but not to the eitent I mentioned in mv last. Hie weather continues dry, and the miners dissatisfied. The rain on Wednesday night and Thursdaymorning was insufficient to do them any good. The fanners, however, have found ft beneficial, as it has softened the ground for ploughing aud potato-digging. At Fryer's Creek, on wedtiwdny last, a fire took place at the tent of a miner. It appears his wife had left the tent for a short time, for the purpose of purchasing some articles at a neighbouring store, when, during berabsence.the place was burned down. So rapid was the progress of the flameson the fragile substance, that the whole was consumed before assistance could be rendered. Her babe, a child of two months old, who was left sleeping in the bed, was burned to death, as was also a goat and hen that were in the tent.. The origin of the fire is not known. These are all the particulars I have been able to learn. Another very heavy )>uih fire took place here anBanday last, in extent far greater than any that has occurred "here this season. It travelled from here toSmeaton,destroying in its progress all the feed for nine miles one way and about six the other. in flames—trees'were'htSrd to fall witifa tremendous craah during the whole night, and the face of the country bow preseats a seared and' desolate appearance. Some parties from John HepburnV ruji tare been here trying to discover the origin of the conflagration, but I am not certain whether they obtained any clue to the perpetrator of this diaboUeal actj ^or there can t>e little doubt, as' the fire commenced at about midday, it must either bare originated from wantonness or extreme cawfleeitaMi. Should the party be diseqvere4 there is every chance of tneir receiving all tJjeipitttwbment the law affords for acte oftim nature. 