VICTORIA. [From our own Correspondent.] Melbourne, February 22. I The markets closed on the whole firm. Our harvest is considered good, the wheat this year being very superior. Some exhibited at the Show yesterday weighed 69 lbs. 4 ozs. to the bushel. The result of the races to-day wsb as.fol lows :—Town Plate—Flatcatcher first, Shadow second. Produce Stakes—Camden first, Lady Constance second. Steeplechase—Young Camel first, Dominic second. Consolation Stakes— Black Bess beat Sir James. Melbourne, February 24. The White Swan arrived yesterday, and sails again on Wednesday. The Havilah leaves on Saturday with Sir Dominic Daly. The Mary Smith has arrived from Sydney. Melbourne, February 25. Markets are rather duller this week. Flour quotations have been well kept up by some houses, bnt are giving way at last, and to-day's closing prices are from £12 15s. to £13 10s., with a downward tendency. Wheat, 5s. 3d. to 5s. 4d.; old colonial, 4s. 9d. to 4s. 11. (?); Californian flour, £11 10s. to £12; wheat, 5s.; oats improving, 4s. 5d. McCulloch has been returned for Mor nington by a large majority. The Havilah arrived in the Bay at 1 o'clock this afternoon. Melbourne, February 26. In the Assembly Ireland introduced the Register Titles Land Bill. Mr. TorrenB was present in the Speaker's Gallery. Sir Dominic - Daly has returned from Baliarat well pleased with his visit; and in company with Governor Barkly attends the opera to-night. The Laughing Water has arrived from Mauritius, and reports having left the harbour jnst as the English mail was entering, but she did net wait for the news. A passenger by the last moil bas written to the Argus, saying that when at Suez be met the captain of the Ganges, who reported having been dispatched as an express at great cost to convey important letters from the Indian Government to London. The nature of the despatches was kept a profound secret. Sir Dominic Daly, while at Baliarat, would probably have witnessed one of the largest bush-fires the oldest inhabitant remembers. The Land Bill has reached the 30th clause. Markets are quiet. Melbourne, February 27. The Laud Bill has reached the 40th clause. Parliament has adjourned to-day out of re spec: to Prince Albert, Melbourne, February 28. The places of Business and the Courts have been closed to-day, and business has been suspended. 