EVENTS OF THE MOIS'TH. From the Inquirer and Commercial News. From January 22 to 29. The Governor returned from his trip to the Southward ou Monday, having beeu abseut trom Perth twelve days. The presentation of colours to the Fremantle Corps will take place, we believe, on the LAUi of February, and in the evening there will be a ball De. Abdex, who arrived in the colony with the detachment of the 12th Kegiment some six years ago, left for King George's Sound en route to Head Quarters on Sunday evening, having been replaced by Dr. Poulton of the same Regiment, who arrived with the last mail. Dr. Arden had a pretty extensive practice, aud was generally liked as a professional man and in private life. Fbom the Vasse we hear that Mr F. T. Gregory, has beeu invited to the Agricultural Dinner, the members of tbe Society thus desiring to express their appreciation ot his public services The Southern Dis-lricts Agricultural Societj? can now count some seventy members. There was to be a meeting of t be Volunteers, tor the purpose of electing their officers. Fron Jan. 29 to Feb. 5. The Lincelles, convict ship, 892 tons, Captain Edwin Gooch, belonging to Messrs Dunbar, of London, having on board 304 convicts, arrived in ijage s J&oaas; ou luesaay, me 40m insLanu xue , convicts are under the charge of William Craw ford, Esq., Surgeon, Ll.N., Superintendent, and Mr W. Irwin, Religious Instructor. There are t also two warders, with a guard ot 30 pensioners, i The ship experienced light ana variable wind.*, which protracted the voyage to the Cape to 78 . days. At Simon's Bay, where she called for sup plies, were H.M. ships Orestes, arrived from England; Cossack, refcurned from If ew Zealand j the Narcissus, nag-ship, and oilier vessels of war. The Hubert Morrison, for Swan Biver, and a number of vessels had put into Table Bay at tbe same time. Some ot tbe erew of the Bobert Mor rison had been brought before the Police Court for mutinous or riotous conduct. The Inncelle* was inspected by Major Henderbon, E.E., Comp troller-General, on the 29th instant, who ex pressed his satisfaction with the dean and orderly condition of this fine ship, and the healthy and well-ordered state of the prisoners on board, who had conducted themselves well throughout, with few exceptions. Two deaths took place on the voyage, one of whom was W. G. Pultinger, of the Union Bank notoriety, who died at sea on the 5th January, after a protracted illness, during which, he was insensible to his sad fate. There is no intention, at present, to abandon transportation, to this colony, but some difficulty is experienced in filling a ship with prisoners whose labour would soon become available, and the fortifications at Portland just now absorb a large number of men ; but the general expectation among the prison authorities at home, when the Lincelles left, was that another ship would soon follow. Many of the prisoners on board have done a good portion of their time at home. The disembarkation of the convicts commenced after the inspection. We have received the following from tbe Colonial Secretary's Office :— £5000 Reward.— Colonial Secretary's Office, Perth, Western Australia, 1st February, 1862. — It is hereby notified for general information, thafe the Local Government of Western Australia oner, as a reward for the discovery of a workable gold-field within a radius of one hundred and fifty miles from the Public Offices in the City of Perth, on or beforo the 31st day of December 1862, the sum of £5000 upon the following conditions : — 1st, That the reward be not payable, until £5000 ounces of sold, of standard purity at the least, and either alluvial or crushed from quartz, and obtained from such gold-fields, be entered and cleared at the Custom House in Fremantle, and actually shipped to Great Britain, either in one entry or several entries before the 1st day of July 1863. 2nd, That the Governor of the Colony for the time benur in Executive Council do finailv ad judicate aud determine to whom alone, or if there be several claimants, to whom, aud in what proportions, and under what circumstances, such reward shall be payable and paid.. 3rd, That the locality or localities of such discovery be clearly and accurately defined and niousnea m the Viovernmeiit vxazette ol the said Jolony of Western Australia, on or .before the iOth day of December 1862. By command of Sis Excellency the Governor, Feed. P. Babi.ee, [Colonial Secretary. The Bobert Morrison anchored in Gage's Roads at 10 p.m. on Saturday, the 1st inch, alter i fine passage irom the Cape of thirty-five days. Although this vessel has had a protracted voyage at nearly five months, yet we must congratulate the passengers, many of whom are very old set tlers, upon looking so well. It is with much regret we hear that Mr DuBoulay landed the principal portion of his stud at the Cape, as fresh blood is always acceptable. This gentleman and his lady will, it is reported, return from the Cape by way of Point de Galle. The Wild Wave returned from Nicol Bay on Sunday afternoon, the Flying Floam. remaining behind. These vessels started last December iu search of the supposed puarlbanks, Mr Turner having consented to take charge of the Expedi tion which was fully provisioned for six months. The Wild Wave brings back three quarters of a ton of shells, trom which they recovered several l^\\\r.f it 72 confidently reported iuiu. tlie pearl shells do not exist iu that locality in very large quantities. A vert large bush-fire broke out last week at the back of the Comptroller General's residence which threatened the Establisnment with des truction ; a gang of about 80 convicts under the active superintendence of Mr Lefroy, were soon on the spot, and happily subdued the fire when within fifty yards ol tUe carpenters' shop oi the .Establishment. Duking the Governor's recent visit to the Vasse he was entertained by some 25 or 30 of the settlers at a public dinuer, Colonel Molloy in the chair. His Excellency expressed him self highly pleased. The Comptroller General and Private Secretary accompanied the Governor during his trip to the southern district. Shortly betore tbe dinner above mentioned uie ttesiaenc Magistrate was assaulted by a person who had beeu excluded, and who considered that Mr Harris was tbe cause of his exclusion. On the following day he was fined £5 for the assault, or two months* imprisonment. The Perth Volunteers meet regularly once a week, the number attending drill being about 45. We presume that they will muster in strength upon the arrival of the new Governor in Perth-— au event which may be shortly expected. By the-bye, it is time lor the citizens to make some preparations for the reception of His Excellency. He ought not to be allowed to arrive at the seat of Government without a welcome, even if it merely took the foimof a complimentary address, and it will be discreditable to us all if be should not be cheered by some manifestation of kindly feeling ou the part of those over whom he will rule. It has been finally determined that the Lincelles loads at the Vasse with timber for England, and also that she takes home the detachment of Royal Engineers. by the Robert Morrison, an addition to the stock nf t.hft cnloiiv lias arrived, in the. s))3i»» of Hvp. Jw-nf. rams, and a cart stallion, which, it appears, were not sold at the Cape. They are the property of Mr DuBoulay, and were lauded in good order. The jetty was somewhat crowded on Monday, to witness the debarkation of several old colonists lately returned per Hubert Morrison. Mr Hoe, who was looking remarkably well, was cheered by his many Mends on lauding, aud all received a he&rty; welcome At a recent meeting of the York Agricultural. Society, a return of stock and crops of the district tor the year 1861 was produced, in which the average of wheat per acre appeared as 23£ bushels. This by some is considered an over-estimate. T&e; horses now training in Perth for the ensuing races ar:e — 5 of Mr K. Browu's ; 2, Mr DuBoulay 's ; 52, Mr D, McPherson's; and 2, of Mr little's. Soiue are yet to arrive from the Eastern and Southern districts. From February 5 to 12. A very acceptable addition to our population, in the shape of three schoolmasters, was received per Bobert Morrison. One of them, Mr Atkin son, has taken charge of the Perth Government School ; another, Mr Veal, lelt Perth on Friday, to take charge of the York school ; and the third, Mr Humble, proceeds to the North, and preside;* over the Greenough Flats school. a *-»***, v-n onnvints iraeutlv arrived ner Liu celles have been sent to Perth, and are employed on the various public works in the city, some metalling the main street, some at the new Go vernment House, aud a gang of between forty aud fifty quarrying stone at Mount Eliza, and ton&tr; noting the road leading from thence to the jetty. This latter worn nas Deen ieu uiuoucnea for some mouths past, owing to the paucity of labour. By the Robert Morrision arrived an additional member of the Survey Department in the j-ersoii of Mr Caicy. Our JSuiti' ol Sutvoyois i=. lum-evcr, still too limited, aud there is no prospect of surveys keeping pace tvith purchases. As was expected, Mr Wakeford has been ap pointed Police Magistrate in the room of Mr Yale, lately retired on a pension. There seems to be no public objection to this appointment, for it{has invariably been the custom of Governors to provide for their Private Secretaries, and in this instance the gentleman is apparently well fitted for the post. To have filled for so long the office he has done without, as we have heard, creating enemies, is no small recommendation, and if he carries his habits of business, as well as his urba nity and conciliatory disposition, with him to the Bench, we have no doubt, notwithstanding the ' absence ol previous experience, that he will make a good magistrate, and in time be the equal of the gentleman whom he succeeds. ?A. meeting of some of the townspeople took place on Thursday, at the Freemason's Hotel, for the purpose of arranging for the reception of the new Governor, now daily expected, and it was resolved that an address be prepared, to be signed on behalf of the citizens by Mr Carr, as Chairman of the City Council, who would, accompanied by the members of the City Council, present the 6ame to His Excellency. Messrs. Dyett, Howell, Cole, and Stirling were appointed a Committee to carry into effect the wishes of the meeting by making the necessary arrangements for giving Dr Hampton a public welcome. A resolution was passed to the effect that Messrs Howell and Lo chee be requested to frame the address. We believe it is intended to erect two evergreen arches, one across the jetty, and the other at the corner of Pier»street. The streets will also he decorated with flags. In Mr H. L. Cole the services of a very active committee-man have been secured, and we have no doubt but that the arrangements for the decorations will be all that could be desired. A subscription list was opened for the purpose of collecting sufficient to defray expenses, and some contributions were received in the room. There will be no difficulty in raising the sum necessary for the purpose. Theeb was a special parade of the Metropo litan Volunteer Rifle Corps on Friday last, when it was determined to visit Fremantle on the 14th instant, upon the occasion of the presentation of colours to the Fremantle Company. We hear that Mr Dyett has liberally offered to convey the Volunteers to and from Fremantle free of charge, so that there will be but little hindrance on the poore of expense. It is to be hoped that the Perth Company will pay their Fremantle comrades the compliment of a strong muster. The Annual Pinner of the Perth Oddfellows took place at Mr Fordred's Hotel on the 4th instant. There was a strong muster of the brethren and guests, and the social gathering was in every way a success, A short time before, the Sons of Australia also celebrated their anni versary in like manner. Mb Yule, late Police Magistrate, has taken his passage in the Lincelles, and will leave for England in that noble vessel about the end of April, thus terminating an official and private connection with the colony which has existed for some thirty years, Mh PdBouj.at*s cartstallion, ex Eobcrt Morrison Boyal Date, Suffolk Punch, is now, or was very recently, in Perth. He was bred by Lord Dacre and bought from him, foaled in 1859, chesnnt colour; dam by Mr Law's Kirten, sire by Catlin'6 Boyal Duke. Four Kent Romsey Marsh Rams, the property of the same gentleman, have been landed, and also three Leicester Bams the property of Mr T. Brown. One of the Kent rams (the largest) was landed at the Cape, as was also a thorough bred horse and mare, and a Durham cow supposed to be in calf to a Devon boll. The horse (The Mayor of Hull) is described as chesnnt, 15 hands 3 inches high, very sound, great power, short legs, fine knee action, and particularly adapted for getting hunters. His stock at home arc large, with tine action. His near eye was knocked oat by a groon when young. He was sold for 2000 pniueas as*' a two- year-old. Pedigree, by Shav-'p iSui'^ee out of Zuiima, by Fhilip; her dam, Porta, Ly Par tisan. Shawn Bnidhee, by Verulam, out of Crniskee, by Sir Hercules. The thorongh-bred mare little Emma is chesnut, won several races, is by Epiras oat of Fraudulent, by Venison ont of Deceitful; Epirns was got by Longar. Supposed to be in foal to Teddington, by Orlando out of Miss Twickenham; Teddington is the finest horse in England. It is to be hoped that Mr DuBouiay will not eell these animals at{ the Cape but find an opportunity of shipping them to this colony. Fkoh the Northward we hear that two probation men escaped from the depot on the night of the 25th ultimo. They took the old pilot boat, sent up some time ago for the service of the Government, which was provided with oars. It whs ~ not known what food they took with them, but, however, the police weie sent along the coast in search, and on the 28th returned. Laving discovered the body of one of the men on the beach 25 miles north of Champion Bay, quite naked, and much eaten by sharks, one of his arms and part of a foot being eaten away. Mr Symmons despatched a party of men to bury the body. Nothing has been beard of the other man, but from the state of the coast and the position in which the boat was found, not the slightest doubt is entertained but that she got on the reef, and that the men, seeing their danger, stripped to swim ashore. The men were labourers, and could have known but little of the mtnagen ent of a boat, and the one they took would require at least six hands. On Sunday, 26th ultimo, a half drunken man, totally unacquainted -with the management of a boat, got into a small dingy, and was driven out some distance from the shore. A boat, which had been unavoidable left behind by one of the coasters, was manned, and went to his assistance, bat he managed, after getting the dingy capsized, to reach the shore, bringing the boat with him. There was no other boat on the spot to have been sent in aid, had assistance been necessary. The general mining intelligence from the north is satisfactory. Mb. F. Gregosy has, it is stated, resolved to return to England, and leaves the colony by an early opportunity. We hope he will be able to induce toe Home Authorities to take measures for the settle ment of the new country. The Guildford Volunteers have, we are informed, adopted their Byelaws, which are almost identical with those of the Metropolitan Corps. Something approaching to uniformity is desirable, for as the Governor is the filial referee in all disputes, much extra trouble will be caused did the local companies possess bye-laws materially differing from each other. In course of time so great would be the in convenience that the Government would eventually be compelled to take the matter in band and frame one code of rules applicable to all Volunteer Com panies. . From the Vasse we learn that twe American whalers were in harbour; the Java, Spaulding, master, and the Atlantic, bberman, master. Os the roll being called at the North Fremantle depot on Friday morning last, a ticket-of-ieave man of the name of Franks was found to be tuissing. Information was immediately given to the police, who searched the bush around, and ultimately the river in the vicinity of Kocky Bay, and in the lauer place found the body, the feet and left hand being bound together with a piece of cord. An inquest was held on the body, and a verdict returned ' destroyed himself during a fit of temporary insanity.' The Flying Foam arrived on the evening of the 9th inst, (Sunday), from Nicol Bay, having left tha* place on the 29th December. When ab*ut 40 miles to the southward .of Sharks Bay, she encoun tered a heavy gale of wind, and carried away her jib-boom. Mr Turner and party have not been so successful as was expected, the pearl shells being scattered over so many backs, and a great distance apart; they collected 910 shells and about 1.00 pearls^ Mr Turner is of opinion that pearl banks exist in the neighbourhood of Nicol Bay to a very pi-eat extent, but of course must be searched for. On coasting down amongst the islands between Uicol Bay and Mermaid Straits they entered a nice harbour with 6 or 7 fathoms water, land-Jocked, with a passage of about 1 mile wide, running in a S.E. direction into Mermaid Straits. Air Turner is of opinion that this harbour is one of the finest on the coast, and quite equal to Princes* Royal Harbour. The heat was intense during their stay at Nicol Bay, and no water to be found, the springs or water-holes found by Mr Gregory's party having all dried up. The natives were very friendly. On the passage down they sighted three .vessels. 