WESTERN AUSTRALIA. [PEBTH ENQUIEEB, FEB. 19.] , Nothing has transpired sinco the departure of the last mail to disturb tho settled calm of colonial politics, matters being left iu statu quo until tho arrival of Dr. Hampton. Governor Kennedy dcpnii3 about tho 25th instant for King Qeorgu's Sound, civ rottfe to England. As from tho period of his arrival until within very lately it has been our duty to comment upon his policy and the general conduct of his Government, often in terms of dissent and disapprobation, it will bo unnecessary for us to attempt a sketch of his Administration, for, to bo truthful, it must at tho Bame timo bo unfavourable. Di a "Government guarded by a popular constitution, Mr. Kennedy would bo calculated jto render sorvico to his Sovereign, and also to win the approbation of those over whom ho was placed, A meeting has beon hold in Perth to arrange matters for tlio public reception of Governor Hnmpton, and it was determined to proparo tho usual congratulatory address, to bo signed by tho Chairman of the City Council on behalf of the 'citizens, and presented by himself and his* col lenguos. It was also resolved to evoct one or moro arches, ornamented with flowers, &o.; Sinco then, the desire of the meeting has been carried out, and the little that remains to bo dono can be effected in a few hours' notice. No further search has boon inado for gold sinco our lost summary, but the Government have pub- lished the conditions upon which they will bo pro pared to award the sum of ÍÓ000. There is little to bo said about tho volunteers, but that little is favorable. Four companies ap- pear to have become permanently established, and tim membeis attend regularly to their drill. Those of Perth and Freemantle aro in a state of advanced training, and should thora be auy sudden demand for their services, would bo at once available. Tho opportuno arrival of tho Lin calles with a supply of convicts has enabled the authorities to resume public works, which woro almost at a stand- still. The metalling of the High-street, the con- struction of tho now Government House, and tho formation of tho road at tho baso of Mount Eliza, the three principal works in the metropolis, aro all now being prosecuted with vigour. During tho month of January the sum of Ü550 was oblaiucd by the sale of country lands, or for 1,100 acres at 10s. per aero. " Two of the lots were larger than usual, 520 and 1G0 acres, but the re- mainder were in sections of from forty to Bixty acres, and were chiefly purchased by leaseholders -apparently for homesteads. The sum realised in December -was X323, so that there is an improve- ment to tho extent of ¿E227. Tho land sales have been gradually increasing for' several months past, but aro not what thoy ought to be. We cannot, however, expect any material chango until emigration is directed to this colony. . The return of land loused, in addition to leaser and lieonses renewed, during January, exhibits tho following results :-Cla=s A licenses, 248,195 acres j Class B leases, 139,385 acres ; tillage loases, 1,543 acre3. Tlio gross amount received from this source waa X487 15s. This is a small sum for tho first month of the year, when the majority of fresh runs aro taken up, ami indicates either that thora is sufficient land in the possession of stoc'tholders for existing wants, or that most of tho avuilablo land within the settled districts has boon tnkon up j and our land regulations offer no premium to the adven- turous bijiiattor who seeks for aud occupies fresh pastures in the remoto bush. . By tho armval of the Robert Moirison, from England, wo aro now placed in possession ' of many articles of goneral consumption which were unobtainable before her ndvent, 'but nie and porter, whothor in wood or uottlo, aro still source, mid that to- arrive por Stiuthalhm has boon,Bold. The nbsouco of malt liquors in any of the Australian colonioj, especially at thh> sensnn of the year, ¡H judging by the complaints which havo boon made, all but a national affliction. Flour still maintains its price-¿¡19 to .£20, Boyond the Linoelles, with convicts, mid the Robeit Mor- rison, with general cargo, wo havo had no foreign arrivals since the departure of the January mail, but coastwise wo havo liad the "Wild Wave and Flying Foam, from Nicol Bay, whither thoy had proceeded lor poarl-sholls and pearls. Wo regret to state that they havo not had that success which tho enterprise of thoir spirited owners deserved. Tho pearl banks wore, it seems lunch scattered, and not very rich, and tho ßhips returned with but a small quantity of uilhor pearls or shells. Afino harbour ,vas, howovor, discovered during the homo ward passage of tho Flying Foam, which will beConio of great importance (mould bctUoment extend in that direction. Tho Mystery, a small coaster of sixteen tons, also roturucd from Shark's Buy with a cargo of guano ¡ tho Lmcollus, ono of Diiubar's splendid shire, has pioceedod to tho Vasse to tako in timber (tuart), and a fino first-class vessel, tho Verckop, daily expeolcd, will also load at tho same port with tuurt cut for Admiralty purposes, __Wo do not hoar much about the races this season i but there is no doubt but that the usual number I of horses, if not a greater number, will mako their appearanco on thePerth race conrso as compe- titors for public money. About eighteen nags are in traluing, soma' of tlicai now to tho turf, and well spoken of. The show of stock at tho samo timo will, it is anticipated, also bo a great success. Tho meeting of tho Southern Districts Agricultural Society was held on the 5th instant, and attracted a number of visitors. The mining intelligence is favourable, and the nows from every part of tho colony satisfactory. There is, however, u great demand for labour, and the cry for another importation of freo im- migrants increases in strength. Tho few, ex- pected by tho Strathallan will to insufficient to supply, oven for tho most limited poriod, the wants of the colonists, and the nows of tho departuro of un emigrant ship would be hailed with satisfaction. Female domestic servants are also much required. AGRICULTURAL AND PASTORAL MATTERS. Wheat is now coming in fast to tho mills, and the corn-stack3 generally are yielding a very fair average. Wheat is Cs., barley 5s., per bushel. Sheep are in very good condition, as the runs, strange to say, appear not to be over-stocked. Bush-fires have not done much damage this summer up to this time. MR. GREGORY.-Mr. F. Gregory has, it is stated, resolved to return to England, and leaves tho colony by an early opportunity. We hopo ho will bo' able to induco the home authorities to tako measuies for tho settlement of tho now country. NEW HARBOUR.-ThoFlying Foam arrived on the evening of the 9th inst. (Sunday), from Nicol Bay, having left that place on the 29th December. When about forty milos to the southward of Sharks Bay, she encountered a heavy galo of wind, and carried away her jib-boom. Mr. Turnor and party havo not been so successful as was expected, the' pearl shells being scattered over so many banks, and a great distance apart; they collected 910 shells and about 150 pearls. Mr. Turner is of opinion that pearl banks exist in the neighbourhood of Nicol Bay to a very great extent, but of course must be searched for. On coasting down amongst the islands between Nicol Bay and Mermaid Straits, they entered n nice harbour with six or sevon fathom water, land-locked, with a passage of abont one milo wide, running in a south-east direction into Mermaid Straits. Mr. Turnor is of opinion that this harbouris ono of the finest on tho coast, aud quite equal to Princess Royal Harbour. The heat was intense during their stay at Nicol Bay, and no water to be found, the spriugs or waterholes found by Mr. Gregory's party haviug all dried up. Tlie natives were very friendly. 