MELBOURNE STOCK REPORTS. [ClIAllLIb BROWN.1 FAT C \TI I E -About U00 he id were yarded, the quaUty of which throughout -nas Rood, many lots being oiceidmglj prime, Ne^rtheleFs the prices realised Bhow a decline from last quota- tions, if weight and quality of the cattle bo taken into consider I tion Best bullocks lUched from £7 to £8 , a few very pumo, 19 to £10 I at Sheep.-This market has been quite o^ cr-stocked, 8300 bead, independent of 1600 lambs. JIany of the sheep were shorn, ind a decline all round ol Is per head may be noted. Best wethers in wool fetched 10s Gd to 17s, best ditto, shorn, ?scrv prime, 12s , inferior at prices varying according- to quality Store Stock -A fair inquiry for good store cattle, free from all suspicion of disease , and now that shearing operations arc par- tially concluded, considerable transactions arc likely to take place in store sheep. Melbourne, 5th November. [DAJ.MA1IOY, ClMlllEJl,, AND CO") Fat Cnttlc -Since our last roport the supplies havo continued in CSCCES of the cor sumption, and there has been a further reduc- tion of 10s per head on all qualities. Present quotations-Best quality bullocks, from £5 10s to £7 lCs, second ditto, from £3 10B to £4 15s , inferior ditto, at from 40s upwards. Cows in pro- portion rat Sheep -This class of stock his also been supplied in abundance, and the undermentioned quotations ha\ c only been kept up bj graziers, taking second to inferior conditioned lots out of the market at little over store rates. Wc quote best quality «ethers in >hc wool at from lbs to 17a, seoand ditto, from 143 to lis , liifciior ditto, from Us to 13s, superior shorn wethers, from 11s to 12s, Rood ditto, from 10s to 10s Cd. None inferior of thi« c'a=B offiring. Store Cottle -Quotations unaltered, first clasi bulloc,«, from 40s to -tis , second ditto, 35s , first class cows, 33a, bCLond ditto, 30e Very few transactions taking place. Store Sheep -Young ewes still in good demand, and likely soon to take the market at late quotations. First class > oung ewes (shorn), 11s to 13s, full mouthed ditto, from 8s to 10s Withers aie inquired for, but very few sale» effected at the prices asked, M7 , in m 8s to 10e for 4, 6, and 8 tooth sheep. A'ttTXL BtSii TIRE-Wo havo received information of theoccurnnceof a fearful bushfire on tho Poverty Point Road. Tv o travellers started on their journey from that placo to 1 enterheld, on Sunday evening last, at six o'clock, and although they observed a dense smoko that morning, they did not anticipate thoro would bo any danger m tiavilling along the road. Ï hey had, however, only travelled five miles ero they were stopped by tho fire, which woe raging and roaring furiously Seeing tho utter improcticobility of pursutntr their journoy, they turned their horses' heads homewards ogam, but fancy their horror when they found tho fire had, in the meantime reached that portion of the road whioh they hod just possod, on account of a sharp bend which the rood took at that placo 1 hey thus found themselves surrounded by the tire, which roared like a hurricane, the flames actually licking the tops of tho tallest trees. Perceiving tho awful danger of their p sinon, they could not delay a moment, and the only means of escape from tho tembló confHgratioa was to descend a dangerously precipitous mountain on tho Damon Creek Ranee, through a portion of the burning grass, to ?which bold step promptly carried out they owed the safety of their lives -Tenterfield Choniclc, Novombor 6. 