WESTERN AUSTRALIA. (From the Perth Inquirer, Feb. 19.) Governor Kennedy departs about the 25th instant for King George's Sound' en route to England. As from the period-oPfdis arrival until within very lately it has been our duty to com ment upon his policy and the general conduct of his Government, often in terms of dissent und disapprobation, it will be unnecessary for us to attempt a sketch of his Administration, for, to he truthful, it must at the same time he unfavorable. In a Government guarded by a popular constitu lion, Mr. Kennedy would he calculated to render service to his Sovereign, and also to win the ap probation of those over whom lie was placed. A meeting has been held in Porth to arrange matters for the public reception of Governor Hampton, and it was determined to prepare the usual congratulatory address, to he signed by the Chairman of the City Council on ibehalfof the citizens, and presented by himself and his calleagues. It was also resolved to erect one or more arches, ornamented with flowers, &c.; Since then the desire of the meeting has been carried out, and the little that remains to be done can be effected in a few hours notice. The opportune arrival of the Linchelles with a supply of convicts has enalied the authorities to resume public works which were almost at a stand-still. The monallin- of the High-street, the constructlon of the now Government House, and the formation of the road by the water-side at the base of Vount Eliza, the threet principal works in the metropulis, are all now being pros ecuted with vigour. Agricultural and Pastoral Matters,-Wheant is now coming in fast to the mills, and the corn stacks generally are yielding a very fair nvorng.. Wheat is Os., barley St. ser bushel. Sheep are in very good condition, as the runs, strange to say, appear not to so overstocked. Bush-fires have not done much damage this summer up to this time. Mr. Gregory.-Mr. F. Gregory has, it is satted, reeolved to return to EngItad, nod leaves the colony by an early opportunity. We ihope he will be able to induce the home authorities to take measures for the settlement of the new country. New Harbor.-The Flying Foam arrived on the evening of the 9th ins:ant, (Sunday,) front Nicol Bay, having left that place on the 29th Deeeomber. When about forty miles to the south. ward of Shark's Bay, she encountered a heavy gale of wind, and carried away herjibboomn. Mr. Turner and party have not been so successful as was expected, the pearl shells being scattered over so many banks, and a great distance apart; they collected about O10 shells and 150 pearls. Mr. Turner is of opinion that pearl banks exist in the neighborbood of Nicol Bay to a very great extent, but of course must be searched for. On coasting down amongst the islands between Nicol Bay and Mtermaid Straits they entered a nice harbor with six or seven fathoms water, land locked, with a passage of about one mnile wide, running in a south.east direction into Mermaid Straits. Mr. T'urner is of opinion that this harbor is one of the finest on the coast, and quite equal to Princess Royal Harbor. The heat was itlense during their stay at Nicol Bay, and no water to be found, the springs or waterholes found by Mr. Gregory's party having all dried up. The natives were very friendly. 