SOUTH AUSTRALIA. By the Albion, schooner, we have two days' later frcm Adelaide, her dates being to the 27th ultimo. AVe take the following items from the 8. A. Rtghter : — The following official returns for the week ended March 22td, were received too late for insertion in our summary for Eneland : — Total value of imports at Port Adelaide, £17,040; exports, £24,734. Pas. sengers— Inwards : Male adults, 48 ; female adults, 27 ; male children, 6 ; female children, 5 : total, 86. OutwardB : Male adults, 48 ; female adults, 17 ; male children, 8 ; female children, 8 : total, 81. Exports of Cereals — Wheat, 1984 qrs. ; flour, 799 tons ; barley, 32 qrs. ; bran and pollard, 238* tons. Murray Navigation.— The importance of the Mur ray River navigation is evidently increasing from the requirements' of the traffic being so great as to induce Meters. Murray «Dd Jackson to enter into contract with Mr. Fletcher, of the Patent Slip, for the con struction of another veBSel to trade in conjunction with their,' Bteamer Settler on the River Darling. It will be remembered that the Settler is the first of the stern- wheel boatB that was built for the river, and her performances during the paBt twelve months having been satisfactory, her owners have determined on meeting the exigencies of traffic by placing a new boat on the Darling. She is to be 116 feet long, by twenty- six feet in breadth of beam, and when her machinery is on board ready for operation she is com puted to draw but sixteen inches of water. From the arrangements entered into, her hull is to be com pleted in seven or eight weeks, and the makers of the , engine and boiler are under engagement to deliver: the came fully fitted in a short time. The stern wheel principle is to be adhered to in the present' case, and though not so large, as the Settler, she is expected to attain an equal rate of speed. Her keel is to be forthwith laid, and the timber to be uBed in her cpnsiwction is now discharging from the Lizzie. Boggs. Brutal Outrage.— Oar Wallaroo correspondent repoitB -.—Last Monday - a man named William Oliver committed one of the most diabolical and un manly outrages on his horse that a man could be guilty of. It seems that the horse jibbed with him, and he deliberately made fast a strong twitoh to the horse's tongue; and whether he applied manual1 strength or horse-power I do not know, but he. managed to pull two and and a half inches of the animal's tongue off, lacerating the roots and muscles under it. Then, after working the horse that day : and part of Tuesday, on obtaining the services of Mr. Daniel Thomas, . veterinary surgeon, that gentle- : man found that mortification had set in, and there were maggots half an inch long in the wound. He thereupon cut the tongue away to the sound flesh, and under his able treatment the horse seems to be doing well. The S. A. Adtertiser supplies us with the following in its monthly summary : — Since the date of our last we have 'parted with our old Governor and have welcomed a new one. Sir Richard MacDonnell and his estimable lady quitted these shores amidst tbe heartfelt and universal regrets' j of tbe community, whose best wishes will be with them wherever they go. With respect to Sir Dominic, he has already, by nis urbanity and evidently deep interest in the colony, secured the good opinions of all who have had the pleasure of meeting with him, or who may have noted Eis proceedings. Mr. Stuart's party, When last heard of, were about 140 miles beyond Mr. Levi's station. Some dissatis faction had been caused in consequence of Mr. Stuart refusing to allow any of the party to keep a journal. One of them (Mr, John Wooaforae) has left in conse quence of this order. We understand that Colonel BIyth is to write home to Mr. A. Macfarlane, officially, by the outgoing mail, requesting him to represent South Australia in the forthcoming rifle matches at Wimbledon, in Junenext. The Commissioner of Insolvency has sentenced Edward Wright to six months' imprisonment. A Eecond-clatB certificate was awarded, to be suspended for eix months, and as much longer as might be neseesary to enable the English creditors to enter opposition. The Recent Shock op an Earthquake.— Our Morphett Vole correspondent states that the shock of an earthquake was felt at that placo about the same time it was experienced in Adelaide. We understand that it was also perceived at Norwood, and resembled very muoh the distant explosion of gunpowder, G old.— The. report of the agricultural show at Woodsido mentions tho exhibition of a nugget of gold weighing 2 ozs. 3 gre,, whfoh had been found by Mr. John Caraao, the previous Saturday, on Bonney's Flat, Bufiii Fires.— Dense clouds 'of smoke were observed on Sunday afternoon riBinp from behind the hills to the South east of Adelaide. W e have not ascertained at what locality the conflagration was raging, but there was evidontlya large bush-fire in the direction of Willunga or Clarendon, 