SARDINIAN REVELATIONS. ; The Duke of Maddaloni, who recently resigned his seat as a member of tbe Italian parliament at Turin, has just published the draught of- a speech prepared, for delivery on moving for a committee of inquiry into the state of the Two Sicilies, on. the 20th of November, 1861, but which the im patience of the chamber, instigated by the go vernment, prevented him from carrying. Tbe uke was one of the old Liberal party, and was twice exiled from Naples for. his participation in measures regarded as treasonable by the minis ters of the late King Ferdinand, and successor, now in exile at Rome. He was also the friend of the late Count Cavour, whom he describes as an 'illustrious statesman,' and the ' most amiable man that he ever knew.' His testi mony, therefore, as to tbe state of things in the kingdom of the Two Sicilies may be accepted as trustworthy. Now, tbe duke in his speech s*ys that the Neapolitan population, weary of the tyranny of the Bourbons, and surprised and fascinated by the marvellous audacity of Garribaldi, received him as a friend ; but, disgusted by his confederates, and wishing 10 escape anarchy, they surrendered themselves to the house of Savoy, in the confident expectation that the city of. Naples— the 'third city in Europe by its natural beauty'— would be declared at once the capital of the new kingdom. No Neapolitan ever dreamt tb^t Victor Emmanuel could be guilty of such an outrage upon the Italfan name as to subject a city, which had been the favoured residence of Roman Emperors and a long line of powerful Kings, to such a third-rate town as Turin. But the delusive hope was at an end, for the Piedmontese entered Naples like so many hungry wolves in search of pray. The following is the Duke of Maddaloni's description of what the Piedmontese have done in and for Naples. ' They have corrupted all that re mained of morality ; they have broken and dis persed the resources and the riches amassed during ages; they have plundered tbe people of their laws, and their honours ; they would even have robbed them of their God if it had -been, given to human power t-- contend with God. They have steeped in blood every corner of the kingdom in the struggle with an insurrection which they have rendered very cruel. Tbe Piedmontese government takes from the bank the money of private persons, and scatters the public funds, to satisfy the avidity of sycophants. It desolves the academies,, it destroys public instruc tion. It casts discredit upon justice by the known corruption of the tribunals. It leaves the provinces to be governed by the ferocious plun derers. It imprisons, it exiles, it casts into prison not only friends and. servants of the late government, but their relatives, and even parsons bearing the same name. Everywhere it sub stitutes falsehood for truth.' YVe are nit sur prised that the partizans of a government against which these 'charges were mide should raise a great outcry against the noble person making them. In answer to the shout about 'Unity,' the duke reminded the assembly that Italy was united under Tiberius and O-ioacea, while being ' suffocated with blood.' No fewer tban thir teen towns in Naples were recently delivered u'p to pillage and fire — innocent people were delibe rately shot in their houses, in the streets, and in the open fields, without any form of trial or any proof of guilt. An order was given and, exe cuted to shoot all men found wearing velvet waistcoats, as they were sure to be brigands — and scores were shot ignorant that they owed their death, to a garment common to the peaceful inhabitants of whole districts! The conclusion is, that a government guilty of the crimes com mitted by the Piedmontese ministy cannot stand ? — that tbe slipperiness of the blood upon which it has been built will ultimately precipitate it into iitter ruin. He prophecies that a day. will come when the whole of Italy will rise against Piedmont, and when a government with 'the curse of Cain on its head' will have venge ;nce taken upon it. Strong and strange language this to proceed from. a consP'rator against the Bourbonsj' ' and' who expresses . no regrtt for the part he took in conducing to the expulsion of Francis the Second from Na» pies. But we believe tbe facts to be exactly as he states them, and that he has in no respect pxagerated the horrors of the Piedmontese rule, in NiiplfcS. Now, in Southern lands injuries like these are not forgotten. ? However, the popular vencence may seem to sleep, it will be sure to awaken, regardless of all theories about the uni fication of Italy. The present kingdom cf Italy! is the result of a sort of European conspiracy in which the late Count Cavour, Napoleon, and tbe English ministry performed the principal paruj. It : was conceived in fraud; born in treachery, baptised in innocent blubd^ cradled in sacrilege and lies, and will perish in shame and confusion. We; have the history of its gestation in the recently published correspondence of the Count Cavour, and a precious record of . European rascality it discloses. But Ricasoli is not the man to impart permanence to the unscrupulous appropriations of Cavour. He may multiply ?' Circulars' to prefects suggestive of emeutes but he is. wanting in that ascendancy over others which enabled Cavour, by the magic of a smile to prompt men to peril their lives in the execu tion of the most difficult services. Already the Emperor of tbe French feels himself Dressed to put an end to the civil war still raging in Naples. Victor Emmanuel has had warning given him that either peace must be restored in Naples, or that country must be handed over to another ruler. Prince Murat is possibly eager to try his hand as royal ruler of the kingdom of the Two Sicilies. Of one thing we are certain, and that is, that Napoleon is exceedingly impatient of witnessing the meloncholy result of all the sa crifices made by the French for the acquisition of moral and military glory in Italy. — Mull Ad vertiser. ! Earthquake at Honolulu.— On Thursday forenoon at ten minutes to twelve o'clock, the good people of Honolulu were , not a. little startled by two distinct shocks of an. earthquake. The first shock was -apparently perpendicular, with a tremendous crash, with a perfectly sensiblo, though perhaps not visible, lifting np and down of buildings and houses. This was immediately followed by a heavy rumbling sound, as of the rolling of large casks of old iron over a pavement, and a horizontal, wavy motion, proceeding from east to west. Window panes, glassware, and crockery shook, as if the town had been bombarded, and in several places the plastering fell from the ceilings of houses. People rushed from their buildiugs into, the streets, and, we presune, thanked God that no damage was doae. Although shocks of earth quaka are of common enough occurrence on Hawaii, yet for very many years none has' been .'.felt on Oahti at all comparable to the present in ?'Stre'S?thVltrad duration-.-*— Polynyesiah, T)qg. 7 . The following instance of serpent's power of fascination is taken from George Thomas Lloyd's thirty three years residence in Tasmania and Victoria. ' I perceived from certain twitch ings of Pat's sensitive foot and nose, whenever she touched any doubtful substance in the long grass, that the subtle 'enemy, the deadly snake, was somewhere in the vicinitv, and had been espied by the little bush police birds — as the minas are termed — and of whom there must have been at least six or seven hundred, screaming at the top of their voice3, and uttering cries of dis tress from the branches of an adjacent tree. In vain did Pat and I search every clump of grass, dead bush, and black log around us; nothing could be- found. At length, however, after qiietly watching at a little distance for about ten minutes, from a small hole in the branch of a hollow gum-tree forth peered the grim visage of a vevy large diamond adder. Pat's keen eyes discerned the hideous monster first, and rushing towards me in undistinguished terror, with bristling hair and standing erect on her hind legs, she showed mo the serpent— which had artfully crept up the inside of a tree, the heart of which had been destroyed by bush-fires. Creep ing from his'- dark hiding place, the serpent pro ceeded to entwine himself around a small branch of the tree ; whereon, firmly fixing himself, he uncoiled the upper hilf of his scally pliant body, and commenced a- series of the most graceful movements imaginable. The poor infatuated minas continued to scream, moan, and flutter round their insidioHS adversary ; ^gradually, drawing nearer and nearer, perching themselves . within twelve or fifteen, inches of him, with out standing feathers,, and piteous cries, and panting as if at the last stage of life, they yielded one after another to the tender merc'os and elastic swallow of the horrid reptile, which devoured them, feathers and all, until he could absolutely hold no more. ? Factories.— The total number of factories —cotton, woollen, worsted, flax, hemp, jute, hosiery, and silk— subject to the Factories' Act in the United Kingdom is 6 373, of whieh 5,652 are in England and Wales, 5 G8 in Scotland, and 153 in Ireland. The rmrtblr of spindles ib 35,450,028. The total number of hands employed in thete factories is 875.534, of whom 308,273 are males and 467.261 females. Of c ;ildren under thirteen years of ege there are 58,593 emplored Dear and Cheap Gas. — L- melon horise keepcra who are pajiug tie heavy charge of 6k. per 1,000 cubic fe^t of gas, will rejoice io 1 ear the recently invented ' water' gas' is rapidly taking the plucc o^ coal pa» in America. According to the American Gas Light Jottrnal.Xhisg**, seventy tkree parts of wtiehare derived from water, and twfmty-Bevcn parts from oil, at 9 cents per gallon, is in all icepecta bttter than coal-gas, beeid^ th* advantage, of. .being Teiy. much oh«apiT.r JJbenaum, ?' ''''? : ???„;.?;? - 