The Star. DAILY ISSUE. TUESDAY, 14TH JANUARY, 1862. NEWS AND NOTES. IN our supplement to-day we publish the news brought by the last mail from Europe. In order to make as much room as possible for the interesting news from America we hold over our leading article, several letters and some communications from our country correspondents. Both Houses of Parliament will meet to- day for the despatch of business. A few minutes before one o'clock this morning a fire broke out in a wooden cot- tage close to the Prince Albert Hotel, on the Melbourne road, and considerable alarm was created by the loud ringing of the fire bells. For a short time the fire burned with great intensity, but as the building was a detached one the flames did not spread be- yond the building in which they were first seen. The house belonged to a man named Daughty, a miner, working, we believe in the Cosmopolitan Company, and who had to proceed to work at twelve o'clock. At the time the fire broke out Mrs Daughty and two children were in the house, the latter of whom were saved with some diffi- culty. There was a good deal of furniture in the house, none of which was saved, and the only thing rescued from the fire was a box containing some linen. The two brigades were quickly on the spot, but it was impos- sible to do more than prevent the flames spreading to the other buildings near to the one on fire. On Sunday night a serious disturbance took place at the Springs Hotel, situate at Springs Township, near Mount Bolton. It needs no special description, for it was but one more to add to the many disorderly scenes lately so frequent in the public houses of the agricultural districts. It is high time that an example was made of some of the rowdy characters who are now going about attempting to stick-up public- houses where credit is refused them. The Springs Township sadly wants a police station. It is said to be on the boundary of the Ballarat and Avoca police districts, and for this reason, apparently, the superin- tendents of both districts have left it out of their arrangements in the distribution of their men. The lowering of the crown of Lydiard street, by Bath's Hotel, has been begun, and a similar operation will be forthwith per- formed upon the protuberances further north in the same street. The filling up of the approaches to the new bridge across the creek, in Armstrong street, is in a forward state, and a roadway is thus being made through the adjacent manure depot which has so long been a disgrace to the town. An accident happened a day or two ago to one of the men working in the Leviathan Company's claim, Scotchman's, by which part of one of his fingers was cut clean off. The men were working the bore, when part of the gear fell-a bolt or bar of iron-and falling on the man's finger, caused the muti- lation in question. A meeting of farmers will be held at Swan's Hotel this evening in order to take steps to prevent the spread of pleuro- pneumonia in the agricultural district. Mr Burrows, late Captain of the Ballarat Fire Brigade, was yesterday evening elected Engine-keeper to the Brigade, in the place of Mr Tucker, who is about to proceed to England. On Monday morning, Dr. Clendinning held an inquest at the Brown Hill Hotel, on the body of Andrew McLean, who was accidentally burned to death in his mother's tent, on Sunday morning. The circum- stances attending the poor little fellow's jleath were detailed in Monday's issue. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that the deceased met his death from very severe and extensive burns. The Ballarat Hunt Club has lost two of the hounds, "Nelson" and "Nightshade," both of which animals strayed from Mr Fara's station at Lillerie. The Western Council have appointed Mr Charles Seal arbitrator between themselves and the Eastern Council in the dispute relative to the water supply. Mr W. C. Mumby has made a claim of £50 on the Western Council as compensa- tion for damages caused by the change of the levels in Sturt street. On Monday morning, as.Mr G. A. Sharp, managing man to Mr J. Patterson, butcher, Main road, was proceeding on his usual business, his horse, a young and spirited one, took fright at something going on at the works in Sturt street, and ran between the leading horses of Cobb and Co.'s "Leviathan." Luckily, the driver managed to put on the break with such good effect as to bring the team to an instant stand, and to save life and limb to both horse and rider. Two brothers, named Keating, were yes- terday fined in heavy amounts for breaking the windows of Mr O'Toole on the Cres- wick Road. They admitted their guilt, but in extenuation pleaded drunkenness, which the Bench did not consider a suffi- cient excuse, and fined one £5 and the other £3. At the meeting of the Western Council on Monday, in reply to Cr Hassell, the chair- man said the amount of rates received from Soldiers' Hill was £702 5s 5d,and the amount expended there £1321 5s 8d, but this was exclusive of the Government grant and streets just made, and bridges in course of erection. At the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, a man named Thomas Hayes was committed for trial at the Circuit Court for stealing £8 from a person named Fern or Farn at the Traveller's Rest Hotel. Oa Monday Detective Officer Hyland apprehended a man named Jackson, on a charge of stealing a case containing thirty- nine gold rings, from the shop of Mr Davies, pawnbroker, in the Main road. On monday evening an extensive bush- fire was observed in the direction of War- renheip. There was a meeting of Mr Lewis' com- mittee last evening at the Unicorn Hotel, when arrangements were made for holding meetings during the week. Our advertising columns supply particulars as arranged by the committee. Mr Stallard, principal of the Ballarat Grammar School, was, a few days ago, rendered insensible for some time by a sun- stroke. We are.glad to hear that the patient is gradually recovering. The Western Council have resolved to support the Amherst Council in obtaining a survey of the railway from Ballarat to Amherst, and also to obtain a reserve of land for railway purposes. The Gazette contains a proclamation by his Honor the Superintendent of the Pro- vince of Southland, New Zealand (addressed to the Honorable the Commissioner of Trade and Customs, Victoria), declaring that though under the "Diseased .Cattle Aet of 1861," all the Australian colonies are in- fected places within the meaning of the Act, cattle shipped from the Port of Newcastle, New South Wales, at a date previous to the 24th of December, and which shall not have visited any other port, shall be permitted to land on the quarantine ground within the Province of Southland. The President of the Benevolent Asylum informs us that the woman McLean, whose child was burnt at Brown Hill, and who herself received some injuries, is a respec- table and industrious woman, and well de- serves the assistance of the charitable at this unhappy juncture. Everything the woman possessed has been destroyed, as also some property belonging to others which had been left in the way of business. At the meeting of the Western Council on Monday, the chairman intimated that he would not occupy the chair after the present year. A cordial vote of thanks was ac- corded to him on the motion of Cr Stewart, seconded by Cr Campbell. A lecture will be delivered at the Me- chanics' Institute, this, evening by Mr Manuel, on the "Pyramid of Gold" dis- played in the Melbourne Exhibition, and about to be transmitted to the World's Fair in London. Mr Manuel has been long known upon all the gold fields as a gentle- man taking a lively interest in mining affairs, and his lecture this evening will be made to hear not only on the "pyramid" itself, but upon a variety of topics vastly more interesting to the miner. The lec- turer's acquaintance with the mechanical and political wants of the miners will no doubt be made good use of in his lecture, and he ought to have a good audience on the occasion. We cannot tell of course the precise way in which Mr Manuel will handle the subject he has undertaken, but from the inkling we have had of the topics for discus- sion, the lecture to- night is one the miner should not miss hearing. The dividend of the Koh-i-noor Company for the last fortnight was £20 per share, after reserving £800 for the payment of ex- penses. We hear that some of the share holders in this company are about to make a trip to England to see the Great Ex- hibition. "Stolen from the dwelling of John Bu- chanan, Eyre street, on the road between Ballarat and Fiery Creek, a greyish drugget counterpane with red worsted bordering, a blue and white blanket, and a greyish shooting frock-coat lined with red." We are indebted to the Police Gazette for the above information, which we confess is not very explicit, as we cannot comprehend how the "dwelling of Mr John Buchanan of Eyre street " could commit such an erratic freak as to undertake a peregrination from Ballarat to Fiery Creek. The gardens of Messrs Duncan and Son, at the east side of the Swamp, are very well worth visiting by either the mere pleasure seeker or the horticulturist. The former will find a great many things to wile away a listless hour with, and the latter will be able to pleasure himself with no end of choice specimens of flowers in and out of the greenhouses, and with the general ap- pearance of the gardens as a sample of the gardener's art. In a little while the vinery alone will be a sight worth looking at, for it promises hundredweights of grapes, and is at the same time a cool and shady walk very grateful at this season of the year. All the grounds exhibit both the taste of the connoisseur and the skill and care of the practical gardener, and the large extent of nursery beds and produce grounds should bring in a pretty good revenue to the enter- prising lessees. The water from the Swamp, which has an outflow through the grounds, is made to run into a brick tank, which serves as a dipping place as well as a reservoir whence to direct the water in whatever direction the gardener may require. The transplanting experiment performed on the Wendouree Parade by the former occupiers of the garden has not suc- ceeded very well. Of the gums and wattles planted only one or two have survived, but they seem likely to thrive. As another specimen of gardening industry, the results of which are open to the public, we may mention the garden of the Messrs Nicholls, near the Ballarat East Cricket Ground. The visitor here will at once find himself amongst no end of remembrancers of the old country. Beds full of luxuriantly growing elms, oaks, ashes, hawthorns, sycamores, mulberries, willows, laburnums, and other tress afford a pleasant reminder of the old homes we have left, and convince us of the practicability of making our new homes here as far like those we have left as trees can make them. The green paths, the flower beds, the tiny sum- mer-honse, the green-house, and the general aspect of the garden, make it a pleasant place to go to, and if the grounds were publicly thrown open at a moderate charge there is little doubt but that there would be plenty of visitors. As it is, the place is little known although close to the heart of the town. In this respect the Messrs Duncan are more forecasting, for they have a large board announcing to the public that their grounds are open, and free of charge too, to whoever likes to come in and behave properly, and leave dogs outside. The wearisome distance of the botanical gardens, in the absence of a boat on the swamp to shorten the distance, makes the gardens we have mentioned all the more valuable as places where one may agreeably and inno- cently pass a quiet half hour now and then. The inquiries we have been enabled to make since the arrival of the Benares, says the Argus, on the subject of the grave news communicated by way of India, lead to a fear that there is some foundation for the report, that friendly relations between England and the United States have been suspended. We are informed that a com- munication reached Alexandria, in time to be put on board the Red Sea mail steamer, from an officer in the service of the Penin- sular and Oriental Company, addressed to the company's agent at Galle, announcing the fact, for his guidance; and that a letter to the same effect was received by the com- pany's representative at Albany, by the Benares. The telegrams of the 27th No- vember-which we publish exclusively- from Mr Reuter, the well-known telegraphic agent, report an event of a serious character, calculated to provoke a strong feeling of hostility on the part of England to the Northern States. The Madras Times of the 20th November says:-"Lord Canning has promised to accord early sanction to the emigra- tion of native laborers to Queensland, as soon as the regulations passed by the Go- vernment of the colony regarding Indian immigrants are received by the Indian Government. The arrangements will be the same as those in operation for the pro- tection of Indian laborers in the other colonies to which emigration now takes place." The following telegraph despatches are from the Argus:- SYDNEY, Saturday-The bill for conferring an annuity on Dr Blade has passed the Assembly. It is now proposed to prorogue the Parliament next Friday. Weather op- pressively close. Little doing. Arrived yesterday-Telegraph, from Brisbane. De- partures yesterday-Naomi, for Shangai; to-day, Balclutha, for Melbourne. ADELAIDE, Saturday-Flour, £12 to £12 15s, Wheat, large sales at 5s. Holders asking 5s 1d to 5s 2d. 