summauy. The Legislative Council has gone a-head at a rather smart pace with the bill for reconstructing its own chamber. The Atioeney-Geneeal endeavoured, on the occasion of the bill going into committee, to reverse the decision of the House, by proposing a series of amendments, the effect of which would hare been to undo 'what the select committee had done, and to restore the bill substantially to the shape in which it was when the Government introduced it. liut tbe (Jouncil rejected these amendments by a considerable majority, and the AiroENEr Gekebal, finding himteelf in a minority, did not press them. The House then passed all the clauses through committee. Some amend ments were proposed, calculated to make the bill more conservative, such as aa increase to the qualification of electors and members ; but they were rejected, being opposed by members who personally approved of them, but who stood by the clauses of the bill as agreed to in select committee, on the ground that the clauses as eo drawnexpressed I a compromise between those who were ultra conservative and those who were ultra- radical. The Council seems determined to send the bill down to tbe Assembly, and to devolve oa that House the onus of rejecting it, if it is to be rejected. There does not seem at present much probability of the Assembly regarding it with j favour ; indeed, it is uncertain at present who will father it there. Yet Habe's system is J well deserving of respectful consideration even I by the most thorough-going radical, and to pooh-pooh it will not be any proof of intelli gence or statesmanship. To make the Senate worthy of the people, to fill it with, the worthiest of the people, is a great achievement. Anything that proposes even to contribute to such a result is not to be despised. Tub State-aid Abolition Bill has at length been read a second time in the Legislative Council, by the small majority of one. One of the con tributors to that mBj ority, however, Mr. Holden, qualified his vote by saying that his assent was only conditional on the clauses repealing Schedule C and Sir Richard Boubke's Act being cancelled. His objection to the repeal of those provisions was, that under them certain interests had accrued which were not sufficiently protected. It may be possible, however, for the Attoeney-General to introduce some amend ment which shall have the effect of giving all requisite guarantee to vested rights, and yet allow the rest of the bill to stand. No one wishes to behave dishonourably, or even harshly, to any existing recipients of the State aid, but there can be no doubt what ever, that the abolition will not be complete till the Schedule C and Sir Richabd Boueke's Act are cleared off the Statute Book. The question can never be looked upon as finally settled until they are cleared away. Those, therefore, who wish to see religious strife averted, and this vexed question removed from lhe political arena, will desire to see the bill stand, with any additional guarantees super added that may be thought necessary. If the Council should insist on altering the bill as suggested by Mr. Holden, the measure will probably fall through for the session. For the Assembly would have rejected it at the third reading, if Mr. Cowfeb had not, at the last moment, averted defeat by inserting the repeal ing clause. And if the Houses come to logger heads, — the Assembly refuting to accept the bill unless the clause is in, and the Council re fusing to accept it unless the clause is out, the session will close without the bill being passed at all. It will be far better, therefore, to keep the clause in, and make what security is requisite for the protection of existing rights. Mr. Pidjdingion proposed an amendment in the Assembly which would go far lo meet the case, namely, to turn the present salaries into pensions, fecured by a schedule in the bill, and payable to the present recipients so long as they continued in the performance of their duty. ? Tbe Assembly has had another debate on the Police Act, the starling point being this time a motion by Mr. Sadleib for certain returns, giving the number of highway robberies since the beginning of the year, and the number of captures and convictions. To this Mr. Martin added some further requests for information as to the number and names of new appointments to the force, and of resignations and dismissals. Tbe Government made no opposition to the motion, and the returns when furnished will give some information which is at present want ing. Indeed, it is increasingly clear that the discussion on the merits of the new Police Act, is rendered very largely pointless, from the want of defibitenees as to facts. Broad assertions are made which, from the want of evidence, it is equally impossible to prove or disprove, and so long ae that is the case discussion may be interminable. But the official returns cannot give a tithe of the information that is re quired. This will be more obtainable wh en the robbers are caught, and their history and ante' cedents traced. For instance, is it true that the bushrangers are mostly new arrivals, who have swarmed over from Victoria since the rush to the 8outh-western Gold- fields, or are they mostly natives, or at least old residents in the colony ? Both of these assertions are made with equal confidence. It may be that there are some both of natives and new arrivals in the list of bushrangers. At any rate, it is im possible at present to determine the question. When the men are identified, then we shall be able to trace their origin. Gabdinee, we believe, is a native. Again, is it true that the robbers are sheltered and abetted by small settlers ? If the proof of this fact, or the disproof of it were forthcoming, it would go far to settle people's convictions one way or the other as to the de gree of blame to be attached to the New Police Act. On some points the returns will be useful, especially as to the appointments and removals. The Government allege that they have made the best appointments in their power, and that no constables have been displaced except those who were inefficient or insubordinate. They may, however, have been over hasty in some of their arrangements, and so have given colour to the objections that have been raised. If it is not possible now to repair these errors, the evil effect of them will at least be diminished with time. The new men will become acquainted with their districts and with the residents and with the nature of their duties. No one denies that there were abuses under the old system which required to be dealt with. There was a want of co-operation among the force in the different districts; many of the magistrates made the constables into something like personal attendants, while some of the constables attended more to their private pro perties than to their public duties. Under the present system there has been hitherto a want ' of co-operation between the magistrates and the police, and also too little independent action among the subordinate members, and too much of not moving without orders. But these evils are curable. Several members have suggested that an amalgamation of the two systems would be desirable. But it is not very easy to see how that can be effected : — the authority must be either central or local ; it cannot be both. It may be possible to modify the rigo ur with which the new system is worked, so as to obviate to some extent the objections made to it, until its efficiency recommends it to public approval. A long discussion which, however, ended in nothing, took place in the Assembly on Wed nesday, on a proposal by Mr. Fobsteb to reduce the Governor's salary to £5000, and to equalise the salaries of Ministers. On pre vious occasions the Assembly has expressed its opinion on the former point, and three out of the present Cabinet have voted and spoken in favour of reduction. But then, as Mr. Robert son said, ' circumstances were different.' No doubt they were. Men who have to climb the political ladder see things from a different point of view from 'men who have been raised.' The Government pooh-poohed the charge of incon sistency, and Mr. Cowfeb hit upon the ingeni ous idea that it was too late in the session to deal with the question. Mr. Fobsieb was beaten by twenty-five to twelve. There seemed to be still less disposition in the House to reduce Ministerial salaries than to reduce that of the Governor. Perhatis hon. members entertain latent hopes of being some day tbe bappy recipients of some of those salaries, or at any rate they feel that they must stand by their patronB if they expect those patrons to do anything for them. One good turn deserves another. The Home Government does not much favour the idea of reducing Governors' salaries, and catches at good excuses for disallowing bills passed for the purpose. The bill from Tas mania was disallowed because it dealt with the present Governor's salary, although Colonel Bbowne waived hb personal rights in the matter, lhe Duke of Newcastle said that no Governor should be put in such a position | as to'be subject to any sort of pressure to do this, under the pain of losing his popularity. The bill from Victoria has also been disallowed, because it fixed a date at which the reduction was to take place, the colonists having cal culated that Sir Hunby Babkxy's term of office would have expired by then. But he is to be continued in his poBt, at least for the present. In passing the vote for the railway staff, some dis cussion took place on the proposal to lease the lineB. Mr. Abkold said that many applica tions bad been already made for detailed infor mation, and he was hoping that some accept able tenders would be sent in. The prospects of the lines, he said, were very encouraging, the traffic increasing every week, and he had no doubt that the statistics he intended shortly to unfold would give a decided stimulus to railway extension. This was encouraging news from Mr. Arnold, who has hitherto always spoken depreciatingly of railway investments, and has told the House that the farther railways were carried the worse they paid. Perhaps the in foimation was especially intended for the be hoof of propective lessees — to screw up the tenderers by the propped of a sharp competition end the expectation of a growing trade. Mb. M'Lean, the late Surveyor-General, was buried at Mulgoa, on Tuesday. His death devolves on the Government a rather trouble some piece of patronage. The office is one difficult to fill satisfactorily. After Colonel Babney's retirement, the Government hesi tated a long while btfore fixing on his successor. Mr. M'Lean was acting Surveyor- General a considerable time before he was finally gazetted to the office, as it was thought that his inexpe rience of field duties wouid render him some what unfit for the pact. But he had strong recommendations in his long knowledge of all the details of the office, lie had been in it for many years ; he was familiar with almost all the matters that had passed through it, and had long been a kind of referee as to all pa6t i transactions. For this reason he was more useful, and more at home in all the business of the office than a new man who might have been more experienced as a surveyor. There will no doubt be plenty of applicants for the office, every one of whom will not only consider him self competent, but the most competent. Tempted, as the Government always is, to bestow its patronage with a political aim, it will be glad enough in this instance to dispense with all such considerations, and to appoint some of one intrinsic worth, if such an one will turn up. The alienation of the public property — the se lection of townships and reserves, the demarca tion of roads, the survey of runs, and all the oilier duties that devolve on the Survey office, are all matters of so much public importance that efficiency and integrity in the head of the department can hardly be overrated. The dif ference between a competent and incompetent chief would be very severely felt. Let us hope tbat the Government may be happy in the choice of a Surveyor-General. The want of rain is still severely felt in many parts of the colony to the east of the main range. In Queensland there has been two days' rain, to the great joy of the squatters, who will be able to tide now over the lambing time. There has also been some refreshing rain in the Hunter River Valley. But near Sydney there has been little more than a few occasional showers. The crops in many cases will be a failure, and market gardens in dry situations are almost unproductive. The wheat crops are in some instances already being cut for hay. Oaten hay has risen to a very high price— so high indeed that it is not at all improbable that there may be importations of pressed hay from other colonies. Within the last few days the unusual sight has been seen of hay being sent inland from Sydney for use on dairy farms. There have been several bush-fires of consider able extent, which have in some cases still further reduced the available pasture. The poultry show took place in Sydney this week. It was not quite so good nor quite so well attended as on previous occasions, though by no means deficient in interest. There is a growing number of enthusiasts in poultry, and it is well that Eome should take this department under their care. There is a great difference in the quality of different kinds of poultry, both as respects laying and fitness for the table, and annual exhibitions tend both to diffuse informa tion and to improve the breed. The Dunstan diggings have not altogether ceased to create an uneasiness amongst the dig gers. Every steamer takes down to New Zea land a considerable number of steerage passen gers, and others are on the road down to port. Yet the intelligence is by no means encouraging, j There ie a gold field, no doubt, but it is in a rather inaccessible place. Provisions are very dear, and the population already on the ground is more than there is room for. In the absence of fresh discoveries men are coming away very fast, and under these circumstances it is hardly veiy wise in others to press forward. No escort return has as yet been sent in from the Dunstan, nor have any very grand finds been notified. Our own gold-field at the Lachlan keeps up its reputation, and still offers fair scope to those who have a capital to begin with. The time and money necessary to get to Dunstan might he better invested in dropping a hole on one of tbe leads at the Lachlan. Horticultural Society of Sydney. — The above society held their third monthly meeting at the Tem perance Hall. Mr. Michael Bell having been voted n the chair, Mr. Graham proceeded to read hia paper on the advantages to be derived by cultivating praiarie graes, setting forth during his paper, its merits either for furnishing rune with a superior grass, or as regards its excellence as a winter and summer fodder for cattle. _ It was also particularly maintained that the colony is indebted to Mr. G. A. 'Bell, of St. Leonard's, ft r being the first in bringing it before the public. OpinionB were afterwrade expressed* as to its useful ness in _ keeping down, and jmost likely eventually destroying tbat pest knon es water grass. Mr. lleece also read a paper on the germination of seeds, during the courie of which he drew attention to what lie considered were the causes of failures in getting seed to germinate, and also as to the desirability of every gardener having a knowledge of chemistry, A fine specimen of Gioxinit maximum violaceum was exhibited by Mr; Bell, gardener to Mr. T. S. Mort, which was specially admired, and received a vote of commendation. The usual vote of thanks being given to Messrs. Graham, lleece, and the Chair man, the meeting dispersed. The Weather and the Crops.— The Singleton con capon dent of the Maitland Mercury says: — The drought still continues, as the few slight showers of rain that fell on Friday last can scarcely be termed an interruption to it. The effects of this lone-continued dry weather are now beginning to realise our fears to a most alarming extent in this district. Horses, cattle, and sheep are beginning to die everywhere for want of sustenance, and what little had been left of the wheat crop is now being rapidly consumed by the cattle in lieu of grass. Even if a change should take place in the weather at once, the wheat harvest in this district muBt be a very poor one this season ; and, however favourable the weather may become here after, it may safely be estimated that there will be produced in this district at least 10,000 bushels of wheat less than last year. _ Masonic Loboe, — The ceremony of the consecra. tion of a Masonic Lodge in Parramatta, and of the installation of tbe W. M., took place on Monday afternoon last. A considerable number of the Sydney brethren, of various lodges arrived by the two p.m. train, and in minibuses specially provided, for the purpose of taking part in the ceremony. 