milTISH COLUMBIA. Tho i&an; I'rancisco Mirror reports dates from Portland, British Columbia, to tho 29th of October. From an extra of the British Colonist, of tho 2Uth, wo have the following intelligenoo in rela- tion to tbo Cariboo mines :- ' [ " If anybody hero had entertained doubts as to tho truth of tho Btories told concerning tho enormous yield of the mines of our sister colony during tho season just past, such doubts would havo been entirely dissipated had hu stood on the Hudson's Bay Company's wharf last ovening, and seen the Otter come in with seventy passengers from Cariboo, and heard thom narrato their glowing talcs of tho ruin oral wealth of the far north, or seen the packs of precious metal which several of their num- ber lugged to the express office. The total amount of dust brought down last evening will reach 250,000dol. Tho Abbott Company carno by this arrival. They aro three in number, and havo, it is Baid, 80,000dol. Tho dust was carried in canvas bags, on tho backs of the for- tunato possessers, from tho steamer to Wella, Fargo, and Oo.'s, whore it waa placed in tho caro of tho agent. Tho company wero followed from tho wharf to tho Express office by a crowd of citizons. Few of those who wero on tho wharf last ovening but mentally or othorwiso resolved to try their luck at Cariboo next spring. The Abbott Company retain their iutorest in their claim, and havo a largo fortune before them, it is thought, in roturn for iheir next summor's work. Several miners with from 5,000 to 12,000 dola. also arrived last ovening. Tho utmost confidenco is ex- pressed and felt iu the diggings. Major Downie wus ono of tho passongers from Cariboo. Mining there has ceased for this year. A nugget of gold woighing Boven pounds has lately boen picked up near Fort Knmloopa, and at the Hudson'» Bay Company's Fort. Texas, the old Cariboo explorer, carno on the Otter. Ho exhibited to us speci- mens of gold and gold bearing quartz, which ho obtained 200 miles from Antler Creek. Ho thinks there are rioher diggings across tho Fraaor, in a north-westerly direction, than have yet bcon struck. J. R. Adams und Co., on Williams Creek, were milking 300 dollars a day to tho hand. Other olaims aro paying equally well." Tho British Columbian of yesterday say» : - " Tho steamers Moody, Union, and Dutch- man carno from abovo on Saturday last, having on board about sixty minors. The quantity of gold duo by iIicbo arrivals, so far as wo could ascertain, was from 25,000 dollars to 30,000 dol- lars. On Monday last the Union brought down homo thirty miners, besides a number of China- men, nnd among the rest Messrs, Abbott and Company, tho ownors of one of the richest claims on Williams Creek. This company is eompofed of thrco men, and thoy brought down as the result of their bummer's operations au aggregato amount of about 08,000 dollars. Othors brought down largo sums, but wo could not ascer- tain tbo particulars, the miners, for some reason or othor, being very chary about making publie the result of their labours." BUSH FIRES.—The first bush fire we have noticed this season was observed on Tuesday, in the direction of Sutton Grange or Faraday. The atmosphere at Golden Point was darkened with the smoke, which appeared to come from a con- siderable distance. We have no doubt that the ignition of the grass this year will be attended with more serious consequences than usual. The remarkable quantity of rain that fell during the beginning of summer developed all descrip- tions of bush vegetation to an immense degree, and should the reported predictions of the natives, of unwonted heat through the next two or three months' be verified, conflagrations of an extra- ordinary character may be anticipated. The pro- bability of such events taking place is rendered more likely by the fact that several seasons have elapsed without these phenomena assuming the serious proportions that they used to annually attain. The hot weather of the last week or ten days having tendered the herbage highly in- flammable, we would advise all whose property might be endangered by an accidental fire to at once resort to the well-known and (efficacious pre- caution of burning on a calm day the grass round their premises. Within the last fortnight we have seen one or two illustrations of the utility of this practice. Since writing the above, we have learned that the smoke that has enveloped us for the last day or two proceeded from a great fire in the Black Forest.—Mount Alexander Mail, Jan. 10. Kl..a -Tho ¡nu'nlion sont to King, the sir« vtvor of tho exploring party, to accept tho public hospitality of the people of this dintnot, and re- ceive un address, has boen acceptod by him, and he has named tho 21st instant us the day on I whioh he will boin Castlemaine -Mount Alexm* | der Mau, Jan. 10. 