WESTERN AUSTRALIA. (From the Perth Inquirer, Rb. 10.) I Nothing has transpired since the departure of the last mail to disturb the settled calm of colonial politics, matters being left in statu quo until the arrival of Dr Hampton Governor Kennedy departs about the 2 th instant, for King George's Sound, en routs to England As from the period of his arrival until within very lately it bas been our duty to comment upon his policy and the general oonduot of his Government, oft-n in terms of dissent and disapprobation, it will be unneces- sary for us to attempt a skeloh of his administration, for, to be truthful, it must at the same true be unfavor- able Id a Government guarded by a popular constitu- tion, Mr Kennedy would be calculated to render service to his Sovereign, and also to win the approbation of those over n horn he was placed A meeting bas been held in Perth to arrange matters for the publio reoeption of Governor Hampton, and it was determined to prepare the usual congratulatory ad- dress, to be signed by the Chairman of tbe City Council ou behalf of the citizens, and presented by himself and his colleagues It was also resolved to erect one or more arches, ornamented with flowers, Ac Since then the desire of the meeting has been carrie i out, and the little that remains to be done osu be effeoted m a few hours' notice. No further search bas been made for gold since our last summary, but the Government has published the conditions upon whioh they will be prepared to an ard tbe sum of £5000 There is little to be said about tbe volunteers, bat that little is favorable Four companies appear to have be- come permanently established, and the members attend regularly to their drill Those of Perth and Fremantle m ¡i» * «íríflf1 «4V*»lr»d -ti *it*î*>V, »Rd|lfml4"th|»r1»W apy íttddpn «¡»wd for their ssi-yiof., trpulpj. bo »t pap available. ' The opportune arrival of the Lincelles, with supply of convicts, has enabled the authorities to reíame public works, which were almost at a stand-still. The raining intelligence is favorable, and the news from every part of the colony satisfactory. There is", however, a great demand for labir, and the cry for another importation of free immigrants increases in strength. The few expected by the Strathallan will be insufficient to Bupply, even for the most limited period, the wants of the colonists, and the news of tho departure of an emigrant ship would he bailed with satisfaction. Female domettio servants are also much required. During the month of January the sum of £550 was obtained by the sale of country lands, or for 1,100 acres at 10s. per acre. Two of tho lots viere larger than usual, 520 and 160 acres, but the remainder were in sections of from forty to sixty acres, and were chiefly purchased by leaseholders- apparently for homesteads. The sum realised in December was £823, so that there is an improvement to the extent of £'227. The land sales have been gradually increasing for several months past, but are not what they ought to bo. We cannot, how over, expcot any material change until emigration is di- rected to this colony. " AOBICULTUBAL ANO PASTORAL MaTTEBS.--Wheat IS now coming iu fast to the mills, and the corn-staoks ge- nerally are yielding a very fair average. Wheat is 6s., barley Sa. per bushel. Sheep aro in very good condition, as the runs, Btrange to say, appear not to be over- stocked. Bush-fires have not done much damage this summer up to this time. ' Me. Geeooet -Mr. F. Gregory has, it is stated, re- solved to return to England, and leaves the colony by an early opportunity. We hope he will be able to in- duce the home authorities to take measures for the set- tlement of the new country. T*'»-lyu ' ' . ------ 