NEWS AND NOTES. Yesterday the weather was somewhat cooler in the morning, and towards evening a south wind began to blow, which produced a most pleasant change in the temperature. In the forenoon dark masses of clouds were to be seen in the south-west and heavy thunder was heard at short intervals. A slight shower fell later in the evening. Our Melbourne correspondent informs us by telegram that a similar change took place there and that a refreshing shower fell. The cause of the fire that broke out on Wednesday morning, at the Australia Felix Hotel, Specimen Hill, still remains a mystery. Mr Coates, brother-in-law of Mr Josephs, the landlord, had his house burned down, and lost both furniture and clothing, his wife escaping in her night-dress. On Wednesday, he was engaged in searching the debris for articles of jewellery belonging to his wife, and succeeded in finding a gold ring. He resided next to the hotel where the fire broke out. The adjoining bouse, belong ing to Mr Slater, escaped, but the gable end of it was partially burned. The next house, belonging to Mr Fisher, was pulled down, in order to prevent the spread of the fire. Mr Josephs had been insured in the Victoria Office, but the policy of insurance expired more than a fortnight ago, and was not re- newed. We have not been able to ascertain the amount at which Mr Josephs calculates his loss, but Mr Coates estimates his loss at £150, and the other persons whose premises have been pulled down, or partially des- troyed, at about £200. The saw mills belonging to Messrs Corco- ran Brothers, Bullarook, had a very narrow escape on Tuesday from a bushfire that raged there. All the employees were called into requisition in warding off the danger, but the fire approached so near at one time as to lead to the apprehension that all the efforts made would be unavailing. The roof of the mill was made a post of vantage from which to fight the approaching fire, bnt luckily the close quarter contest did not come off, and the mill was saved. On Wednesday Dr Clendinning held an inquest at Mount Pleasant, Ballarat, on the body of Anne Phillips, the wife of William Phillips, who died on the day previous of sanguineous apoplexy of the brain, sup- posed to have been brought on by the extreme heat of the weather. Mrs Phillips had recently given birth to a female child, and had recovered so rapidly as to be able to more about and attend to the wants of her child. She gradually got stronger, until the last wind set in, during the pre- valence of which she complained of extreme heat, sleeplessness, and headache. On the evening of Tuesday, the weather having mo- derated, her husband induced her to place herself outside the door, and the comparative coolness of the atmosphere seemed to revive her, but whilst her husband was preparing some tea she again became restless. He then sent a messenger for medical assistance, but before any arrived his wife gradually sank and died sometime before midnight. Mrs Phillips, who was thirty-nine years of age, leaves five children behind her. Dr Leman made a post mortem examination and found the uterus normal, but the blood- vessels and the sinuses of the membranes of the brain greatly engorged with blood, and coagulated and fluid blood to the amount of about 3oz effused at the base of the brain. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical opinion. At this season of the year, when water is scarce, our Municipal authorities should exercise constant vigilance to keep in order those pipes along the Main road which are broken, or from which, from some cause or other, the water escapes. Nearly opposite the Gas Office we have observed an exten- sive leakage for a few days past, and oppo- site the Exchange Hotel, for a distance of ten yards, the water is percolating through the metalled street. At the Eastern Police Court, on Wednes- day, a licensed victualler was fined 40s and costs, for retailing liquors during prohibited hours. The nomination of candidates for the va- cancies in the Western Municipal Council took place last night in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, between five and six hundred persons being present. The show of hands was in favor of Messrs Craig, Lewis, and Caselli. A poll was demanded for the other candidates, and the District Police Court will be open this day for the poll from 8 a.m. till 4 p.m. The business was got through with much less "chaffing" than is usual at such times, great order and fair play being shown to all the speakers with thc solitary exception of Mr McDowall, to whom the meeting denied the generally accorded right of explanation upon a matter of personal remark by one of the candidates. We should add that the candidate in ques- tion expressed his readiness to listen to what Mr McDowall had to say. At twelve o'clock on Wednesday Mr Craig met a number of the ratepayers of Ballarat West, at the Royal Saxon Hotel. Mr Tunbridge was voted to the chair, and introduced Mr Craig to the meeting, when that gentleman reiterated his views on mu- nicipal matters. Mr Livingston wished to know the candidate's views respecting the sale of Crown Lands abandoned by the miners. Mr Craig was of opinion such lands should be sold if there was no objec- tion, bnt he would not pledge himself with out duly considering the matter. He would advocate an extended water supply from Kirk's dam, and have it laid on to the houses of the ratepayers. Mr Pymm pro- posed and Mr Dobson seconded the usual vote of confidence, which was carried unani- mously. We hear that Mr McGill, of Ballarat, met with a severe accident a few days ago, while bathing in the vicinity of Melbourne. It seems that one of his thighs came in contact with a broken bottle lying on the bottom, which inflicted a severe wound. Medical aid was obtained, and the wound sewn up, and Mr McGill is now recovering front its effects. At the Eastern Police Court on Wednes- day one cab owner charged another with careless driving, whereby the vehicle of the complainant was damaged to the extent of £12. Half a dozen witnesses proved that the plaintiff was on his own side of the street, and half a dozen for the defendant proved the reverse; and in this dilemma the Bench dismissed the complaint, remarking on the extraordinary elasticity of conscience displayed. The usual monthly meeting of the Licensed Victuallers' Association was held yesterday in the Mechanics' Institute, the President in the chair. There were only some twelve members present. The principal business done consisted of resolu- tions in regulation of brewers and cordial makers, and for steps in support of the sup- pression of sly grog selling, and in support of the Licensed Victuallers' Bill. Several new members were elected. A report of the proceedings will be found elsewhere. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce is called for this evening, for the purpose of discussing the Insolvency Question, and some other measures intimately affecting the commercial interests of the community. At the Eastern Police Court on Wednes- day an old offender named Cully was charged with having entered the brewery of Messrs Scrase and Ainley, with intent to commit a felony, and was sent to gaol for six months. A boy some three or four years of age was yesterday found wandering in Humffray street, and was not able to tell where his parent's reside. The little fellow was taken to Mr Joseph Cameron's, who resides next door to the Imperial Hotel, who took charge of him, and from whom his parents can obtain him. The child is of dark complexion, and had on a white pinafore and printed frock. We have no doubt that the parents will hasten to claim their lost child from his kind guardian. The large stores in Lydiard street, built by Messrs Watson and Co., for Messrs Holmes, White, and Co., are now nearly ready for the receipt of merchandise, and we perceive by an adver- tisement elsewhere that they will be open for business in February. The capacious floors present an appearance of great strength, and the dimensions-44 x 100 feet over all-show that the three storeys give a large storage area. The bottom floor is of cement, and traps connect all the floors to gether; patent lifting gear, equal to raising by one man a weight of between one and two tons, being fixed so as to raise goods either from floor to floor or from the outside to tbe inside. Some further external and internal extras have yet to be completed. The total cost of the buildings will be about £5,000. The Legislative Council, says the Argus, sat on Tuesday for the first time since the creation of the present Ministry. Sixteen members were present. Only five, viz.- Messrs Power, Degraves, Fellows, Black, and Thomson, occupied seats on the left of the President; and, judging by their ante- cedents, it is to be presumed that these gentlemen did not so place themselves with the desire to offer factions opposition to the Government Mr W. H. F. Mitchell, who represents the Executive in the Upper House, was introduced on his re election for the North-West Province, and took his seat. Some notices of question were given by Mr Coppin and Mr Hull, who, on stating in the stereotyped form that they should ask "the hon. member representing the Government," were informed by the Presi- dent that Mr Mitchell's official style and title was "Commissioner of Railways and Roads." The Statutes Construction Bill was brought up from the Lower House, and passed through all its stages. Mr Wilson Gray's Barristers' Admission Bill also came up from the Legislative Assembly, but no hon. member thought fit to take it in hand. The Usher (Colonel Farquharson) was ab- sent from illness, and the important duties devolving on that functionary had to be performed by the clerk assistant. The following telegraphic despatches are from the Argus : SYDNEY, Tuesday.-A report was current last night, causing great excitement, that one of the English cricketers had been killed by a snake bite. The prizes have been awarded for tbe specimens of wool for the international Exhibition. Arrivals, yesterday-Adolphus Yates, from South Sea Islands. To-day-Boomerang, from Rockhampton; Woodlark, from Caledonia. Departure -Rangatira, for Melbourne. ADELAIDE, Tuesday.-Flour dull of sale at from £12 to £12 10s per ton. The ther- mometer to day in the shade was 115 deg.; in the sun, 175; very oppressive. The City of Sydney sailed at 3 30 p.m. The news of rupture with tbe Northern States raised the price of cotton goods twenty per cent. here. Last night, says the Bendigo Advertiser of Tuesday, a meeting convened by the chair- man of the municipality, in answer to a requisition from a number of influential residents, was held in the Town Hall, for the purpose of urging upon the Government the desirability and justice of expediting the completion of the railway from Melbourne to Sandhurst. The following resolutions were carried unanimously:-"That, in the opinion of this meeting, gross delay and neglect have been exhibited in carrying on the contract for the construction of the railway from Melbourne to Sandhurst, inas- much as the original contract contemplated the completion of the railway at the end of the year 1861, and as a further extension of six months was granted in consequence of the Kyneton and Sandhurst deviations; and yet, from all appearances, there is no pros- pect of the completion of the railway by the end of the year 1862." "That the impor- tance of this district demands that the Go- vernment should lose no time in getting the contract for the railway between Melbourne and Sandhurst carried out, and the works finished." A committee was then formed to take the necessary steps to bring the matter before the Government." The Gazette of Tuesday contains the fol- lowing notification addressed to "Govern- ment Officers, and signed by the Chief Secretary:-''All persons in the employ- ment of the Government who may be called upon by any returning officer of a mining district to act as deputy returning officers at elections of members of mining boards, are hereby informed that it is expected that they shall act whenever so called upon." The following is from the Federal Standard of the 11th instant, on the subject of the Beechworth deputation expenses:-" We stated in our last that Mr Weekes was ex- pected in Beechworth, and he has since arrived. He is most indignant respecting the imputation, and states that before he left he saw Sir Francis Murphy, the Speaker of the Assembly, with reference to bringing the matter before the House as a breach of privilege. He says he is aware of Messrs Yoxall and Darvall spending five shillings on a boat excursion up the Yarra, in which he joined and spent a siniilar sum. This and the one shilling for pastry for Mr Peter Wright clears up six shillings of the £139 12s, but the rest is unexplained. It appears also that Mr Darvall was not subjected even to a hotel bill, as he was staying at St. Kilda as a guest with the town agent of the Council." This ought to go well nigh to- wards putting an end to the deputation nui- sance. For such it is now felt, and declared to be, at the Government offices. We learn from the Age that a communi- cation was received on Tuesday by Dr Macadam, from Dr Wheeler, of the con- tingent exploring expedition. At the date when the letter was written the party was at Pooria Creek, between Menindie and Cooper's Creek. Two of the party had been suffering from scurvy, but they were then cured. The following comes from Chiltern, but the heat is described as being rather too ter- rific for us to believe:-In the forenoon in the sun the heat was something terrific. One man positively states that his zinc roof had melted away, and, running down the spout, had fallen into a water cask, forming seve- ral pounds of shot of various sizes. The last piece produced by the manage- ment of the Theatre Royal as a vehicle for displaying the versatile powers of the Marsh Troupe is a spectacular drama with plenty of singing, dancing, fairy episodes and forest horrors, entitled, "Cherry and Fair Star, or the Children of Cyprus." The plot, if it can be so called, is merely devised to give a shade of possibility to the ever- varying scenes which are one after the other brought before the spec- tater's eye. Two children, named Cherry and Fair Star (Misses Louise Arnot and Helen), are the chief personages in the story, and though they are the victims of fraud and villainy on the part of man, they are befriended on all occasions by the fairies, and by their aid ultimately triumph over the machinations of their enemies. The second act consists of the arrival at Cypress, from Bussora, of the two children, in a "practicable" galley of good design, gaily painted, and of large dimensions. At subsequent portions of the action there ia a forest scene, into which the unearthly prodigies of "Der Freischütz" seem to have been imported, and the whole winds up with a display of fireworks, mechanical effects, and posturing, which certainly sur- passes anything of the sort yet produced by Mr Marsh, if we except, the concluding scene of the late pantomime. The scenery, much of which is new, is deserving of the highest commendation, as is indeed, the mounting of the whole piece. Now that the nights give promise of being a little cooler, and the atmosphere more tolerable, we trust that the few remaining performances of the Marsh Troupe may be better attended than they have been for the last day or two. "Cherry and Fair Star" is well worth seeing. 