NEW SOUTH. WALES CnicKETiKa ASSOCIATION.-A committee meeting of this atsooiation was hold last overling at Poehlman'a Go fe ; DO basiness WOB gone inti beyond the nomination ot li new members. DESTITUTE CnimnEN's ASYLUM.-We notice that tho annual examination of the obildren of tbiB excellent institution will be held to.motrow, at ll a.m., at the Asylum, and that the annual distribution of prizes will be presented by Hia Exoeltenoy the Governor. There will no doubt be a large assemblage of persons to witness the proceedings, and we ara sure that there are none who possess the slightest olaim to Christian philan- thropy who will not rejoioe to hear of the well-being of an institution whioh has in view so laudable nn object, as tho feeding, olothiog, 'and education .of destifnlo children. An omnibus will leave the Post-offloe at 10 and 13 a.m. CRICKET MATCH.-Amongst the various sports which took plaoe on New Year's Day, waa a maten ot orioket, played by eleven, amateurs, at Bondi, on a convenient pleca of ground not far from tho beach. As tho gentle- men in question bad none of them appeared 'in pub)lo before, much Interest was manifested throughout the game. The fivo beBt players were to play (bo other six. The fielding of M. C. T. Gago waa admirable, and bia' agility with the bat was sufficient to stamp bim ai .a criokotor of no ordinary oalibre; in left hand oatcbera'ha was very expert. Sivors, while exhibiting much prowess, had tho unfortunate failing of patting leg before wiokot, whioh, in both innings, olosod the earner of tho batsman after a good score of 31. Cnbitt, OÍ a bowler, ovinoed judgmont, and with pMct'oe will no doab! shine in thi< rejpoot ; aa captain ha also exercised muob discrimination in plooing tho men in the field for oithora.whon patting on his dangerous " slaws." Where oil played so well,it would perhapa be invidions to draw o: caparisons, but the swift howling of Newman, and tho wiokot keeping of Harper, deserved especial mention. Unfortunately, dusk Bot in beloro the match was com- pleted, but cn drawing tho otumpa tba game was deci- dedly in favour of Mr. Glennie and ? if five assooiatrs. SOUTH SYDNEY BATTEIIV VOLUNTEER AimtLEOY. This battery nsw promises to beoemè a complete ano cess. Some months back drill was commenoed, and a tquad met regularly in the. Redfern Ballway abed for como time; but, in consequence of tho admission of an obj'otionablo persor, it was determined to cease drill nntit the battery could novo the legit power to remedy tbo evil. Tho uniform which the battery bas adopted is a very nest und military looking ono, viz., black busby ; dark blue cloth jaoleet, scarlet Isoinfs end silver binding. Trousers of same material, with scail.-t stripe, 2} inchoB at the waist and 2 inoheo at the toot. Tho full-dress uniform will shortly be i xbibitoi, and persons de&ironB; of being enrolled are requested to tend iu tbeir names at once to the scaiotary, Tames Calder, junior, CE.-Com munieated. Cr-BiiA.-Wo olBitve that Signor and Signora Bianohi hive mado Rrrongementa for the produolion of Grand Opera, tt the Viototia Theatre, apon two evenings prior to tbeir depart m e£fi om omongst us. Their present visit to this oolony, from a oornhiuation of olronmataneee, bas not been so auocosofut as their (tiende could desire, nor es thi ir talent deserved, thereforo we tiust that npon the occasions of tbeir farewell benefits (.Wednesday and Thursday, evenings) they will bo greeted with full houses. On Wednesday ovening, Verdi's very popular opera, Il Trovatore will ba produced.- Signora Bianohi BUatainirg the port of Aznoeno, her rendering of. whioh is to much admired, wbiltt MiS9 KBIIDI Howson will sustain the character cf Leonora. Wu refer oar readers .to- oar advertising columnB, as cn indication of the treat offered them. Trna BUCKLEY MIN THEM.-This talented troup of Ethiopian serenados still oonli uo to give their excellent performances at tho Temperance Hall. Tho per toimancoa this evening aro f:r tho benefit of Messrs. Sharpe and Burton, flutist ond violinist in tho corps, and we anticipate that they will havo a crowded house, thoir talents BB instrumentalists being so well known. Budde the regular programme, a duet will bo ployed on two flnteg, by M om rs. Sbnrpn end Palmer, wbo givo his serviooa for the oocoBion, and which wo have no doubt will bo In itself n mu «leal treat. M. BouLARoEit.-The mnsloal publia of Sydney, who havo ofen listened with pie« sure to the olasslaal per. formano B of M. Boulanger, on tbo pianoforte, will be do. lighted to hoar that this gentleman baa just returned to Sydney, aftor a long absence in tho neighbouring colo, nies, where, we trust, that ho found his tuccoas equal to bis acknowledged merits, It is likely that an early op- portunity will bo given of jagging how far this dlstln onlsrtpd musician has improved or deteriorated by bis long absence. TUB SAM ii n Scmci, TEACHERS CLASS BEOIBTEB von 1603.-Among tbo praotloal nianualB lor 1603, this " Heglnter," combining with oolumna for a record of attendance and other particulars a Berits of scripture lessons for reading and repetition, is deserving of notice, aa being welt fitted to n'd (lioso for whoen use it is designed io tho accomplishment ot their work, AB on introduction it contains on admirable poper on "tho division of Inlonr among tho offlacrii of Snnday-Bchools, mid their relativo duties towardn cooli o lier," by n. Hndlnnd, read nt Hie meeting of tho London Superin. tondenla' and Seorotarios ABRociation, on the 3.d Slav list. lt shown that tho disciplino cf tho Sunday.schcol, when ,will mnnnged, furnishes on excellent training to tonohora ns "welt nn to obildren for varions important ilutiee. Thcro ÍB nlso nn address to tcnohorn explnlnlng ibo usn of Ibo resistir. This is folloni d by o lint ul saiiptnro Inmona to bo read eivoty b'abbath in tho year, morr.ing nrid nltornoon ; and tben a list of al otter portions to bo com mil tod to mernot}, n brief sketch of tho poiloel between the old and new toataments ÍB elven. Then come the columna for a record of the scbo'nrt,' nanua and residences, of their attendance, ard of contribn ions for hooke, mis- sionary sccloticB, nnd other objeotp. Tho convenience of aaoli n rcfilbter iq monifeet nt n glenco lo anyone aoonatomed to Snnday.sohool work, lt is pablifbcd hy Oi B. Addison, 41], üeorga.fltroot, Sydney, i .. , A, . - , --: SYDHEt MUWOJWT, CouNcn--Tue fortnightly »eetlog of the muniolpal connell for Sydney «OB held at iba ominoll chambers, yoBterdoy afternoon, at 3 .o'olook, Hia Worship the Mayor in tho chair. Tho minutes ot last meeting nore read and confirmed. It was thea moved by Slr. Alderman Suttpn, and seconded by Mr. Alderman Watson, that tho meeting should adjourn until 3 o'clock thia afternoon, in order to give tho mem- bers of the municipal council an opportunity to attend the annual dinner of tho No. 2 Volunteer Bira Company; at Watson's Bay, to which thoy had been invited. The motion wan pat to the meeting ami oarriod. MUNICIPAL COUNCIL OF HARDWICK.-At the quarterly, meeting held at noon, Friday, tho 3rd January, 180?, Pri sent-Mr. S. H. Pdoroe, Mr. J amos Pearce, and Mr. Hooper. Mr. S. E. Pearce in tho chair. The following I busicosa was transacted :-The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. Correspondence. Loiters were, reoeived and read-1. From the town derk's ofiioe, Albury, requesting tho oo.operation of tho council ia a petition to the Legislature, to amend tho existing Municipalities Aot. 2. From Mr. T. Hooper, with refcrenoe to lending money. Tho chairman in the absence of the treasurer, laid boforo tho counoil, an abstraot of the revenue and expenditure of tho counoil for the half year ending tbe 91st December, 1601. Besolved, tbot the abxtract be pubtUhod OF usual in the Government Gazette, and looal papers. Finanoe-- The folloning aooonots were brought up, passed, and the treasurer authorised to pay the samo :-Cartage and labour, Potter-street, £1 ls. Od. ; oartogo and labour, Allison-street, £8 10¿. Od. ; cutting a water table, Arden-Btreer, £1 10.'. ; secretary's salary, £18 159.; postages and vnndrien, 10s. Od, ; oommiBBlon on colleot lng ratee, £7 10«.; Bermingham, posts and railing in Wuoloet ett, £8 ; Haskell and Co. balance on oontraot raising gravel, Coogee hill, £20 le. Gd. Total, £78 . 13a. lOd. The secretary being directed to bring np a list of all ratepayers in errors of rotes at tho next meeting, the oounoil adjourned to Thursday, 10th January, at 7 o'olook. ' PADBINQTON MUINCIPAU'Y.-A meeting of tbemunioi pal oounoil of Paddington was held on Monday, the 30th Deoember, 1801. The minutes of tho previous meeting were read and confirmed. The chairman here addressed the oounoil, stating that this meeting had been called for the purpoae of taking ohargo of all booka of acoount, vonohers, and oiber proportioa belonging to tbo oounoil,. from Mr. Meyers, BB ho was nnxiouB to leave ; he like- wise informed thia council that tho committee of finance bad pie* on Friday last, to examine the aooonnts, books,, and baïanoe sheet, for tho half- year ending 31st Deoem- ber, 1801, peropared by Mr. Meyorp, showing a total reoeipt and expenditure for the paBt half-year, a oredit balanoe of £100 0». 3d. on band. He bad the great satisfiiotion in stating that tho same, with the books, &o;,a. had been wound np most creditably by Mr. Meyers. The balance- sheet was produoedand examined, with the vouob. ere, ito, icc, and passed. Besolved that all accounts due' to Mr. Meyers be paid. Mr. Perry moved, and Mr. Taylor seoonded, that in consideration of the IOBB of time BUBtained by Mr. M. E. 'Meyers, having, apon requoBt of the oounoil, stayed beyond bis time, that the sum of £4 OJ. 4d. be paid to bim, for services thus rendered. The sum of £2 SB.. wa« granted until a meeting of full council. The bond for Mr. Henry Gale, the futuro olerk, was produoed, signed, sealed, end executed, &?. It was then moved by Mr. Perry, and eeoondod by Mr. Taylor, " That this. Counoil deBires to express to Mr. Meyers, on tho eve of bis departure for Queensland, their eatitifaotion at the zeal and anxiety evinced by him in tie performance of bia duties as olerk, &j;" to this municipality, from its first incorporation." Tho chairman also expressed bis high regards towards tho performance of Mr. Meyers' dary, Ac, but thought it moro advisable, in juellso to Mr. M., to poatpono tho matter until next meeting,, when a BUitable testimonial, framed, might be laid bs. fore them for every member's Bignoturr, and that tbe same might be conveyed to Mr. Meyers, by post. The matter, therefore, was postponed, ad recommended ly tho chairman, and the connoil rose. Sj Trim WEATHER.-The scorching beat of many dayl Bj during the last itoek or two has shrivelled up almost every Eg blade of grass in the neighbourhood of Sydney, and lg tamed all green things to a dusty, dirty, dingy broun. ? Never, for several yeorB, have the paddocks, and gardens ES worn auoh an nnrefreBbing aspect. Many trees, auch ss- Bj willows, poplars, and others, which require a plentiful K1 supply of moisture to keep them green and flonrlebinr, Ki have been completely Btripped of their foliage, sol ï : wear a most desolate aspect. Tho footpaths and other I j places denuded of vegetation are beginning to open ffe into oraoks and fissures, wbioh show that the parched P j and baked earth is greatly in want of moisture. In r tho neighbourhood of Newtown and other BnbarbB water I j is getting exceedingly scarce, and has to bo prooured from F j Sydney by tboso who hod not provided themsolveB with L ; large tanks to secare a good supply in a rainy dir. fr j Without presuming to bo more weather-wiBo than oar neighbourp, we may venture to preidiot that the erar- gi sive moisture of the lest three or four years will, In itt g," probability, be followed by seasons of comparslhe JH drought. Whether that drought hoB already set in, or Hg when it will cammenoe, wa do not pretend to say, bat BR that it mUBt and will come, sooner or later, Mi ia as oertain as that night follows div, E& Yesterday from ' a. peculiar combination of or. Ki dinary and unwonted canses, the atmosphere and tba Hu heavens Cprerented, a , ta:ee8B¡oo of wy tinga. Epjt lar phenomena. In the forenoon an, artificial bize, 1*13 whose origin waa iodioatrd by a Bmell of barning wood, mi was thrown over tho oily by the north east wind, doubl- H| IOBB from bush-fires about the North Head and Middle m§ Harbour. Shortly after 2 o'olook, the wind shifted ; ind BR at 8 a dark oloud was rolling up from the South, »hieb B|| rapidly overspread tho sky. At 4 there woe visible, KN rilling up from the Southern horizon, a line of burning ET| bmr m.coloured light, wbioh ot first seemed like ttl M'.,' refleotioo, on the clark doods above, of some immenii htM fire extending round a sixth part of the horizon ; tul MÍ wbiob, os it expandod, proved to be only tho light of di; pieroing tbrougb tho lighter part of tho cliude. AB (bli n .«j spreading light chased tho black oloud ooroas the it;, Ibo hopes whioh tho sudden darkness and tho cooling cl l&.j}' tbo air awakened of copious rain wera scattered. Atter B£í o few pools of thnnder tho sky becimo again oomput lively olear, ond ot half-pn»t 5 tho sun was visible. Fol |||| an hour or so, between i and 0, it was found necsaiti; Wm to light tbo Assembly with gm; and several m tinbin WSm left tho committee ot supply for n while, to cpeoulsteco MBS tbo rercaikable portents of the sky. Wtt BOTANIC GARDKNS.-The Band of the 13th Beniaunt BB i will not peif rm Ihin afternoon. Mil 