TUESDAY, APRIL 29, 1862. -.-o-. One proof of the newly-awakened interest in Australia is furnished by its frequent appearance in the pages of the modern novel. The Australian has now taken his place as one of the stock characters in the repertory of British writers of fiction. The value of the re- turned Australian prodigal has been recognized as almost indispensable to a properly-regulated dénouement, where everybody marries everybody, where the virtuous come to large proper- ties, and the wicked to grief. The lucky digger has, indeed, almost driven the Indian uncle from the stage of family life. The yellow old party of poppery temperament, who used to ar- rive with store of rupees just in time to permit the right gentleman to marry the right lady, and defeat the machinations of the property villain, is now quite driven out of all respect- able novels. The "pagoda-tree" has been shaken too often to yield any more fruit. The vacant place of tho deus ex machina ia fairly occupied by tho scamp of the family, who, being crossed in love or persecuted by credi- tors, runs away to the Australian gold-fields. There, as it is well known, he invariably takes up the lucky claim, and finds the large nuggets. Having made his fortune in that easy man- ner common to Australian diggers, he comes back, by a curious accident, pre- cisely when he is most wanted—when the bailiffs are in the family mansion, the villain is persecuting his sister with dishonourable proposals, or the object of his affections is about to be sacrificed to the wealthy landed proprietor, of middle age and damaged morals. Or it is the young gentleman of a "horsey" turn of mind, who makes what Mr. DON would call a " colosseal " fortune in the easy and luxurious pursuit of sheep farming, and returns to do the hand- some thing by his ungrateful family. * Tho ground, first worked on any largo scale by Mr. CHARLES READE, has yielded largo and rich returns to several of our living novelists. Tho position thus acquired by Australia ought to be highly flattering to every Australian colonist. The knowledgo that it is in our power to lend so muob. interest to the crisis of an English story-to re- lieve so muoh virtuo in distress, and gonorally to confound so many rogues and villains of the most elaborate cha raoter, ought to gratify our national vanity, and make up for a good deal of that iujusUoo with which, in politioal mattera, wo aro treated by the British public. The rcult, if it does not make Australia better known to peo- ple at home, renders tho Australian an object of some pride to himself, ('vnd intorost to the world at largo. It may bo that tho Australian of fiction does not strikingly roproduoo tho Australian fact-that the num- ber of diggers who return homo with enormous fortunes is slightly exagge- rated-that tho flupply of successful ahoep- farmors is hardly equal to the brisk demand ; but still it is oloar that, in tho figurativo language of oommeree, Australia is looking up in tho Eng- lish oiroalatiug librarlos. Tho Aus- tralian IB " inquired for " in tho fiction market. Diggers inovo off ra- pidly, wbilo gum-trees, kangarooa, and blue skies, may bo pronounced dooidocly "buoyant." Tho end will be some day to make the English roader more fami- liar than ho has been with soencs, and men, and things Australian ; and in the meantime, wo need not be hypororitioal as to tho piotures which at present do dirty~fór~Australia, in the pages of the ' modern novelist. The latest and most daring intruder into the almost now ground of Austra- lian romanee, is the distinguished author of The Caxlons, whose title to venturo hither few will question. Has he not been himself once Secrotary for tho Colo niep, and who should know Australia if Sir BULWER L-lTTON does not? Onoo or twioo already, he has delved into tho virgin mine of Australian adventure, to help out his English story ; but it is in his last production, called The Strange Story, that Sir BULWER LYTTON makes the most valuablo use of tho colonial experience acquired during his brief tenure of office. Those who havo followed the COUTEC of this very clever tale through tho numbers of All the Year Hound, will confess that its tille has been fairly earned in the de- nouement. A strange story it is, with a vengeanoe, of a sort which has become utifamiliar to modern readers-a story of magie and mesmerism-of second eight and speotral illusions-of ghosts, and demons, and blue fire-of " airy " shapes that syllable men's names"-of giant eyes (with a capital e), and mon- ster feet, with no bodies belonging-of the Elixir of Life, and onohanted ¿iroles, and the Rosy Gross and wiztrds' wands, .and other pleasing novelties. Not. the least strange portion of this remarkable romance-remarkable in many ways, as written for modern readers, and with an ovident lurking half-faith in homo of tho phenomena it desoribes-is that whioh relates to Australia, in tho conoludiDg ohapters. Wo shall not spoil the in- terest of the story to those who have not read it, by referring any further to this thrilling narrativo than as it lies among Australian scenes; but thÎ3 part of tho tale is oertainly not tho least strange element cf the story. Any connexion of Australia with tho old world diablerie, ia in itself somewhat startling; hut we must do the justice to admit that the author has conceded a little to the genius loci. If the demons and ghosts aro like all other ghosts and demons, the place where they appear has been heretofore ground untrodden by the conventional spectres of story. Plying from their influence in the old world, tho hero, with a mad wife, is ssfc dowu in " the Australian ." wilderness," and takes up r. " special ".survey " of 20,000 acree. Hore, while brooding over the mystciica of his otrango life, he is tho first to discover, by acoident, the auriferous nature of the country. Wealth untold existB for him at his feet-wealth yet uuprediotcd by CLARKE and MUR- CHISON-but he turns away in scorn from the temptation. _ By and by ar- rives tho mysterious stranger who has been his ovil genius in tho old country -a sort of Zanoni, redivivus-who has tasted the Elixir of Life, bub has not a drop left, and is anxious to replenish tho bottle. With him come, to haunt those unfamiliar soli- tude?, a romantio dry-nurne, of the old Bulwerian pattern, and a professional " stranglcr" of tho same oolour. How theso three, with the strong-minded lucdioal man who has tho mad wife, get up au incantation scene à la Der Fiei schütz, amidst those primeval gum-trees -how first the " eggs of gold " ara dis- covered under the root of a giant parasite-then the magie oirole is drawn in the approved fashion, round certain intnrlaocâ triangles-then the seeds of gold aro put on to boil in tho old fami- liar cauldron-how the scene of glamour begins, and grows moro dismal and hor- rible every hour, until first " a vast " Eye" appears, then other eyes, then one of the lamps goes out, and a gigantic Foot is intruded-but who will not read the rest in tho entrancing pages of the author himself ? It is sufficient to ob- serve, that the magie scene fades into the somewhat oommonplaoe invention of a bush-fire, that tho big eyes and feet ora resolved into the corresponding features of startled blaou-fellows, that tho magioian dies and the spectres vanish, and the sick arc made well, and the madcured, to every- body's final happiness. And all this is made to pass in matter-of-faot Australia -most probably in Viotoria, in somo locality not far diasant ; where the grass must still bo wilbcrcd from the magie fire, and the trees smell of brimstone ; whero the seeds of gold oxist under the monster-parasite, and the Elixir of Life was all but composed, in that rural allotment, under the gum-trees ! The opponents of Mr. TORRENS'S Real Property Bill in this colony, ground their opposition to it mainly on the faot that it ia tho production of a layman, who io, therefore, presumed to bo dis- qualified from dcaÜDg with so grave and complex a question as the transfer and enoumbranoo of real estate. True, tbo South Australian Aot, although not abso- lutely faultless (as what aot of Parlia- ment ever was ?), has worked benefi oially. True, tho measure introduced by Mr. SERVICE is almost identioai with, although an improvement upon, the South Australian Aot. Nevertheless, tho fatal objections remain, that a layman ori- ginated it, laymen aro zealously striving to seoure its adoption, and lawyers havo had no hand in framing its provi- sions, and aro likely to find very little employment in administering them. Herne the most gloomy vaticinations as to tho mischievous oonsequenoes of the bill, after it shall have become law. Titles will become insecure by losing all their obscurity. Mortgages will become worthloss bcoauGo the transactions will bo effcoted on meroantilo principles, aud the instruments employed will bo at onoe simple, oheap, and intelligible. Dis- putes will aviso OB to the ownership and boundaries of properties, beoauso both will bo exaotly defined and minutely recorded in a Government register ; and litigation will bo multiplied, because tho complications and difficulties out of whioh it now arises will bo dimi- nished, if not demolished. These pre- dictions aro not very logical, but pro- phets arc rarely rational beings. CAS- SANDRA was not without a spioo of in- sanity in her composition. It may, perhaps, soften tho antipathy of the legal profession towards Mr. TORRENS'S Beal Property Bill, to bo assured . that between it and the Beal Property Bill introduced by the Lord Chancellor, in the House of Lords, on tho i 7 th of February, there aro a great many points of agreement, both as to principle and detail. The imperial measure pro- poses to establish a registry of title, to oonsist of two divisions, the one em- bracing guaranteed and indefeasible titles, and the other what may bo termed oontiogently indefeasiblo titles. The examination of titles coming within the first of these categórica, is to be made by the registrar, and all qurstions of doubt arc to bo referred to a judge of . the Court of Chancery, as, by tho 108th olauGo of Mr. SERVICE'S bill, they aro to bo referred to a judge of the Supreme Court. Notioes of application to bring the land within tho operation of the Act, are to be advertised under tho English bill, as under our own ; but caveators aro allowod to appeal to the Court of Chancery against tho dooision of the registrar. The systom of registration proposed to be adopted appears to be of a olumsier charaotor than that established in South Australia, oompristDg a tri- partite entry-a registry of estates, with a guarantee of title ; a record of title to lands on tho registry ; and a registry of mortgages and inoumhranoes affecting such landa. These books aro not to bo inspeoted by any other persons than the owners or mortgagees of the estates upon the register, except by order of the Court of Chancery. By (ho 206b. clause an indefeasible title is oonfcrrel upon tho persons whose names aro inscribed as owners upon the record of title. The proceedings for registration with- out a guarantee of title aro peculiar to the English measure, end have been framed, no doubt, with special regard to the circumstances of an old couutry, in which, in tho oourse of centuries, such a multiplicity of interests has grown up in connexion with real estate, whether entailed or otherwise. The general provisions au to title, comprised in Clauses 26 to 31, correspond pretty closely with thoso of Mr. TORRENS'S Act. By the 32nd olause permission is given to the registered proprietor of land to withdraw the same from tho-register, should he desire it. All the proceedings prescribed in Clauses 33 to 38, to bo taken by persons lodging caveats, aro identical with those directed by the South Aus- tralian Act. Clauses 39 to 45 inclusivo, define tho power of the Court of Chancery to direct the registration of title, in the indefeasiblo division of the record; .a similar overruling authority being reserved to the Supreme Court in tho adjoining colony. Tue whole of the third part of the Lord Chancellor's bill, embracing twenty-seven clauses, is de- signed to extend the oporation of tho Irish Encumbered Estates Act toEngland (to which, by the way, the measuro is striotly limited). The transfor of registered land is next dealt with, but the provisions ap- pear to bo less simple, and the mode of aotion prescribed lees definite and pre- cise, than that which is laid down in Mr. TORRENS'S Aot. Osving to thn tri- ple registry, previously desoribed, the land certificate referred to in Clause 78 promises to become a verbose in- strument; and provision is made for the issue of a special certificate, similar to Registration Abstract (K) in the schedule to Mr. SERVICE'S Bill, to faci- litate the salo, mortgage, or settlement of real estate by the registered proprie- tors. ClauseB 81 to 8-t resemble the provisions of Mr. TORRENS'S Aot affeot iog similar points of detail; while the four following clauses B&netion; the UPO of deeds or instruments not in the statutory form ; but such deeds or instruments, or attested copies there- of, are to bo deposited with the re- gistrar within two days of their execution ; so that inveterate stioklers j for the good old forms of oonvoyanoing, and the good old bills of oosts, will havo an opportunity of gratifying their pre- judices in favour of voluminous instru-1 monts and heavy charges. Tho general provisions contained in Clauses 89 to 102 inclusive, bear some resemblance to the corresponding por- tion of Mr. TORRENS'S Aot, but wo miss the evidence of any genuino desire on the part of the framers of tho measure to cheapen and simplify the various proceedings specified. Thus it is demanded tnat suoh memorials and evidence of matters relating to regis- tered lands, as the registrar shall deem important, shall bo printed before thoy aro delivered to that uffieer ! Deeds exhibited to him, in support of title, arc required to be stamped, as in Mr. TORRENS'S Act; but such deeds aro re- stored to the original holders-though with what object is not apparent. After tho issue of an indefeasible title fron the Crown, such documents can possess no valuo, except for the purposes of arobfjeology, history, topography, or bio- graphy; and their preservation for such objects would bo best secured, it might , bo imagined, by depositing them in some general receptado for these reoords. Persons injured by registration with a guaranteed title are to bo compensated out of tho Consolidated Eund ; but no provision whatever is made for the esta- blishment of an assurance fund to cover suoh liabilities, as is dono by Mr. TOR IIENS'S Act. The registrar is to have a salary of ¿£2,500 per annum, and is tobo entitled, after a Bervico of fifteen years, to a pension not exceeding two-thirds of his salary. By the 140 th olauso it is provided that all applications to the registrar shall bo made by a splioitor of the Court of Chancery, and all tho in- struments set forth in tho sohcdulcs require to be attested by one of thesf gcntlcmon ; so that, after all, tho Eng lish publio will gain far less by tho Lord Chaneolloi'B Real Property Bill than they havo been led to expeofc from tho liberal sentiments propounded in tho report of tho Real Property Law Commission. On the second reading of tho Privilege Bill, introduood by the then Attorney- General, Mr. Stawell, on the 16th January, 1857, Dr. Evans made tho following observations, as appears in Barnard, vol. i. :-" Dr. Evans said tho bill ap- peared to him altogether inexpedient and inope- rative, as the powers given to define privileges had not been carried out. There was no defini- tion of such privileges in the bill, * * * This House did not hold privileges on the same footing as the House of Commons. Ho apprehended that, if this bill were pajsod, the judges of tho Supreme Court hero would foüow the example of ihc'judges at Westminstor Ha] and i he Legislature would havo merely Uto for of words, without haying advanced rcall» * step in the matter of defining it j privilege«] ' 'n' thought, before introducing that measure th first stop should haye been to asecrtr, what privileges tho Legislature hero really rtTejuired and then thoy might arrivo at sometime lfo a satisfactory portion for legislation oil tha subject." Both Houses of PAriiament re-assemble this evening, after tho Easter holidays. Tin. |Jpper House has the Land Bill, the Rsal proni!rfy (Transfer) Bill, and other mensures of tas \¿. portanco, to deal with. lu the Lower IJcuso, the question of privilege- The Argus caso-v.ill pro. bably como on Boon after the House wombles. Mr. Wood's bill to amend tho law rtlnii,«» to munioipal institution«, the resolution«! uu j|,e subject of distillation, the Civil Scivico Bil) supply, the Leases of Autiferoua Lands Bill, Mr' Ireland's two Lands Titles Registration Bill«! m\ the Justices Law Amendment Bill, ko. aro on the paper. The first of a course of lectures on "The History of the IIouso of Commonn" was delivered last evening, at tho Mechanics' Instituto, ty Hr, T. J. Forbes, a young gentleman resident ia Melbourne. Thoro was a very thin audience on the occasion, scarcely thirty porsons loin" pre. sent. Mr. John Steavenson was voted u> fa chair. Mr. Forbes, in opening his di.-cour» observed that, in announcing a course oí lectures on the history of the. House of Commons, lie had counted largely on the additional ¡ntorett with which the subject was invested at present, otring to tho proceedings initiated by tho UgisUtive Assembly against" their friend opposite, Mr. Dill." The spirit evinced by the management of Th Argus newspaper, in withstanding a bod; havingtt ita command the resources of the stale, * « 'Sttti to enlist ia its .behalf the chivalrous iociiiigg of the public. So much doubt surrounded tue dis« puto, and BO various were tho opinions expressed ooncorning it, that a general feeling of inquiry had arisen. The subject waa so far coosected with the privileges of tha Commons that tho pro- ceedings takou agaiuai The A rgua wore avonedlj founded on the assumption tli&t; the piivticges of the Houso of Commons appertained to members of the Legislative Assembly of Victoria ; but if It should bo proved that these privileges did Mt so appertain, thou no doubt the nrces-sory steps svould be (aken for obtaining them. lu eithorcasa the subject was interistinz. to the public. P.irüa montaty privileges ( Mr. Forbes «eut on tool serve) wore tho growth of agoa-determined from tiraeto time, according as circumstances ronc'uroil it ex- pedient. They were not defined as a co le, but existed by act of Parliament or precedent. They were intimately oonneeted with tho history cf the, body to which they belonged. They b.ti with it, something like tho brauch of a tree; and to understand them aright, it waa nue.«aryto inquiro into the circumstances whence the) sprang and under which thoy carno into forc<\ With those views, ho had prepared his lecture, Mr. B'orbes divided the Constitutional History of England into threo epochs-the first i-xtending from the time of the granting of Magna Clmtato the reign of nenry VII. ; tho scctiii.l, tu the ravolution of 1CS8 ; the third, to the present day. The lectare of lait nighí was dovoted lo Iii» first epoch, and described tho origin of tho ilouae of Common», and its constitution, behm ¡our, and position with regard to the Sovereisn and the Peers, when exercising tho functions onl;. of a more comutitteo of tax- assessors. Tim lecturer quoted from Hallam, Hatsell, Cressy, .".«..I other. authorities ; aud showed that even Ufers the members of tho House of York carno to the throno, the powers and privileges of the Couinons wcro gradually enlarged. Tho liter history of the Commons, Mr. Forbes said ho should icserve for subsequent lectures. His Excellency the Governor, as pre1 e'eat ot tho Boj al Society for tho ensuing year, m.iteds largo number of ladies and gentlemen to i con temzione last evening, nt the hall of the society, in Victoria-street. Tho arrangements ci the room wcro very complete, and evorythinr, con- tributed towards a pleasant evening, lh< ,i_h some of the addresses wero, perhaps, loo 1. VMA for tho oceaBioD. lu the course of the ovc-iii"; Df, Macadam re-d a telegram ho had received that day from Captain Majne, of Sjfdne), stntinf that news had been received by him of. the ap- proaching return of Walker and his paity from following Burko's track, owing to their inability to cottinuo tracing it. Two of tha part), who communicated the intelligence, had returned to Walker with nine fresh horses und iupp'its «then tho last news arrived; and tho telegram concludes with snjing that Walker, on his return, csn give his own story. Tho telegram will be foi.ud in the repoit of the proceedings last evening, A medical man-Mr, Winter Moody-lia« been committed for trial on a charge of inansl.uighter, by the coroner for Bendigo distriot, Mr, Rocho, on the verdict of a jury, to the effect that proper attention had not boen given by him to a woman who died in her oonünemont. Tho manner in which the inquiry was conducted by Mr. Boche if tho report contained ianthe Bendvja ÁduAW is corroot-was most, discreditable, and demands the attention of the Ministsr of Justice. Too verdict was given about twenty minutes bifora one o'clock, and bail waa tendered for Mr, Moody, but refused by tho coroner. A succes- sion of scenes then took place,, which the Advertiser desoribes as follows:-" The coroner, amidst tho execration of tho large cioffd, proceeded to look after his umbrella, and accused several parties of kicking bia shins, and endeavouring to trip him in his passage to and fro. At longth he got away, the night being pitch dark, and tho rain falling heavil). Ko cab being at hand, he appeared to prefer a cold mareil to Sandhurst to tho warm quarters ho wits likely to have at Oruby'e. Our reporter is informed that he stumbled along as far as Dr« Macdonald's, where be knooked the inmates up, and procured a candió and bottlo, where« ith he wonded on his weary way. Dr. Moody »as, with raro inhumanity, removed in the fearful weather prevailing, ho being in very delicate health, to tho Myers' Elat look-up, over a road danger- ous to travel in daylight. When near Cotton's, his guide- a constable, of course-got amon"' the holes. The prisoner fell into one, a common shaft about ten feet deep, and the constable souBod down on tho top of him. Tho officer, hav- ing extricated himself, proceeded to Cotton's, where ropes were procured, and the unfortunate prisoner dragged up moro dead than alive. With the greatest difficulty he was conveyed to the look-up, vihero he did not anivo lill aftor four o'clook-tho milo of ground having taken about. two hours to traverso. This 'morning our re- porter visited the prisoner, whom ho found in a doplorablo condition. Dr. Macdonald visited him and prescribed, ordering that he should not bo removed to Eaglehawk or Sandhurst, BO precarious is. his stato. In tho nords of the , doctor, 'only his death is now wanting to com- plete tho most lud'crous tragedy ever played in tho colony. I am certain ho would not be con- victed by a jury in the Supreme Court, and I very much doubt whethor ho will live to soe one. Tho people of tho locality and of E iglehnnk »re in a ferment about tho matter, to such an extent that Dr. Rocho will havo to look nfter his stool. A snb-seriplion for the defence of the prisoner and a public indignation meeting oro spoken of. Io the, report of n pigeon shooling-match th»t took place at Ballarat a, fow days ago, as glwa by the' Ballarat Star, the following passage occurs:-"Tho birds were trapped by th°J*L' men for each other. Healey invariably pin*** the taila of the birdB he trapped for Cox»1' "j* sometimes gavç them a drink of wateiM n0T « to make thom go lively.' The eUf« °£ lemo«? the tails is to causo tho birds />' «/ unstei«Wi and consequently they aro **. «"."».* to shoot, Coxon, however, was a rrttch for his oppon«"f for,knowmghtawer»k'»i^hegeneTiJlygongodOB. tiio right ¿ya of the birds ho trapped for Healey lo cauto them to Hy to the left, whioh they in- variably did, and at which side, it is asserted, Healey cannot shoot as well aa if they flew to the right or ttraight in front." We havo never been called upon to report anything of a moro brutal character. If thoro is any true sportsman on Ballarat, wo call on him utterly to renounce for tho future wretohes who could bo guilty, in tho name of sport, of tho cruelty and trickery attributed to these fellows, and more especially to.Coxon, by the Ballarat Star. Letters have been received in town which lead to the apprehension that some contretemps has occurred to Mr. Curlewis, who was out exploring north of Menindie, on the confines of Queens- land, as his horses have made on the Darling. Dick, the blackfellow (who, it will be remembered, saved so gallantly the lives of M'Pherson and Lyons), has now deserted his party (Conn's) and made the river. The steamer Gothenburg, now on her voyage from England to Melbourne, under canvas, was spoken with by the ship Glencairn (which arrived at Adelaide on the 22ndinst.) on the 28th of March, in lat. 41deg. S , long. 54deg. E ; all well. The Gothenburg will form part of Messrs. McMeckan, Blackwood, and Co.'s line of steamers in the Otago and Melbourne trade. From Adelaide we have our files to the 25th inst. The Register says:—"Despatches to Cooper's Creek, for Mr. Howitt, from the Victo- rian Exploration Committee, were forwarded by this Government on Monday last. They will be conveyed from the out-stations by Corporal Wauchop and another police trooper, who will take with them two pack horses in addition to their own, and it is expected that they will not be more than three weeks in arriving at their destination." The district coroner has hold tbe following inquests -On Saturday, at Brunswick, on the body of ii little boy named Archibald M'Aikil, four and a half years old, who was " accidentally drowned' by falling into ii waterhole near which he waa playing with his sister. The jury found a verdict accordingly -At the Yarra Bend Aaylum, on the body of Annie Graham, a lunatic patient, who died on the 25lh instant from " effusion of serum on the brain " The de ceased waa fifty years of ago, and was admitted into the asylum on tho 2bth July, 185J, from tho Bonevolent Asylum -YeBtorday, at tho Wosleru Gaol, on tho body of n pnsonoi, named Thotnis Brown, who died on Saturday afternoon from " apoplexy, ' aged thirty seven years Ile was ndmtttod into the f,aol on the 10th March, m the present J ear, and was in perfect hoalth until the morning of the day on which he died -At Richmond, yesterday, on the body of William Bourke, a boy six years of age, who a-ia drowned in tho River Yarra, on the 27th inst í rom tbo ovidenco it appeared that he was playing vith other children on the bank of the river, on tho Richmond side of the bnd"o, between ino andBix o'clock m the even- ing, when he fell in and sank before be could be extricated The jury returned a verdict of "Accidentally diowned ' Tbero were no lesa than sixty three cases on the Ci'y police sheet yestordiy morning, »large proportion of which was of drunkonneES and disorderly conduct At tho Fitzroy Police Court, yesterday, a man named Molloy charged his ompluyer, Mr. Pondre, former, in tho neighbourhood of Bruns- wick, with having assaul'ed him on the night of Wednesday, tho 23rd, and laid tho damages at JE20. Tho defonco was, tbat tho assault com- plained of had not been committed, but that, on the contrary, the compiainant was the party assaulting. Mr, Edwards, jun., appealed for the complainant, and Mr. Purcell for tho defondaut. The evidence in the ease-that of the complainant and defendant, and a girl in the employ of the latter, who was examined in his bobalf-was entirely conflicting ; while both of the belligo rents bore marks of punishment-the complainant showing tho remains of a pair of artificially coloured eyes, and a slight wound on tho foi e heod ; and the defendant a rath er severe hurt on tho right arm, inflicted with a formidable woodon weopon which both appeared to havo used. Besides tho contradictory nature of the ovidonco, it also seemed as if there was ticmothingmoro at tho bo'.tom of tho affiir than appeared; and cer- tainly the defendant, even after what had oc- curred, would not, in cross examination, SAy whether or not ho would be willing to cancel the agreement between himself rind Molloy, so far as regarded the remaining portion of the iutter's servitude. The Bench, after consulting for a short timo in private, dismissed the COFO " with- out prejudico," thero not being sufficient ovidonce to justify them in coming to any other conclusion. Thero was a counter chargo, ariuing out of the samo matter, Pendre against Molloy, on which the latter had been arrested. Ho was, however, held to bail in his own recognisauce. The case, wo believe, will be re-tried to-day, at the Bruns- wick Court. The Ballarat Tribune says :-"Tho Bullarook Tramway Company appears to be progressing well. Tho shares aro said to be all taken up, and cash to be in hand to the amount of £18,000, Mr. Loader, and an agent for the East India Company, are at tho helm of affairs, and tho ne- cessary form of application to tho Government for tho land will bo made. The formation of the tramway from Bullarook Forest to Soldier's Hil Rill bo commenced at as early a period as pos- sible." In Smythesdale and its vicinity alluvial gold mining aeoms to bo roviving, and quartz-cruhh ing falling into disfavour-a reversal of the usual order of things. In his report for March, the mining surveyor of the district Bays:-"In alluvial mining extensive operations aro being carried on in and about Smythesdale, with, on the whole, encouraging success'; but quartz mining is rapidly declining, and it is expected that beforo long the few remaining quartz-mining conipr.nieB will havo ceased working altogether." The surveyor for the Creswick mining division ropoits that the Port Philip Company "have made a trial with their new hydraulic quartz breaking machine, which, according to report, is highly natisfnctory." Tho East Collingwood Council held their usual meo'.ing last ovening, but beyond tho report of the returning officer, which declared Mr. Hough- ton elected to fill the vacancy at the board, tho business was of a routine and unimpoitant nature. The Ballarat Star states that " a Eteoplochaso match for 100 sovereigns has been arranged to como off on the Ballarat racecourse bettvocn Dominie and Ballarat, the winner of the hurdlo raoo at tho recent Tullaroop meeting. Each horso io to carry ten stone. We hear that tho raco takes placo the day pievious to the trotting match between Mazeppa and Dozy, and that tho distance is throe miles, over n dozen hurdles. Dominie is iho favourite at present," The urual abstract of tho reports of the mining suryejors, for the month of March, has been pre- pared by the department, and submitted for publi- cation. They contain littlo that is now. The burden of every report is tho complaint of scarcity of water, which has everywhere interfered with, or I altogether suspended, mining operations. Tho Beechworth district surveyor roportn that tho European miners are departing in largo numbera for the Lachlan, selling their claims to tho Chi- nese. The surveyor for tho Heathooto district laments tho singular apathy of tho miners to the resources of tho district, and rematks that a very little capital would make almost evoryabin doned claim in tho distriot remunerative. Tho betta70' f°r Stci'ílItí! reports that duriug |March ¡^ T 'esulu woro obtained, by tho miners than ioth6 Prions month. ' At the woady meeting of the Melbourne- City Utincd, yestordo,, there was very littlo business ?rnrrrtanCOt0tnc,sact- A le«« T> read beXTnaBOr °f tht Vnion Blak' ««npl-lii- I "?Staat the corporation's overdraft at the bank 1 was now £22,350, aud suggesting that the coun- cil should take steps to effect " an early reduc- tion" of tho amount. The letter was referred to the Ftnanco Committee. Tho council resolved lo CO'opéralo tilth the municipal councils of Sand- ridge and Emerald Hill, in opposing the pro- posed ro-impoBition of tho toll on the Bandridgo« road. A motion was carried, to the effect thnt tende, s should bo invited for a monthly audit of the corporation's books and occoun's. The re- mainder of the business waB chiefly formal. At the close of the sitting the council adjourned until Thursday afternoon, for the purpose of re- ceiving an amended report from tho Benanee Committee relative to the collection of tho town and lighting rates. The South Australian Rcqisttr complains of tho working of tho registration-fee lately im- posed in this port by the amonded tariff, and the operation of which is not likely to promote tho trade of Melbourne-as far as the bhipmant of oopper is concerned, at least. The Register says:-"By recent legislation in Victoria, a chargo of 2d. has been imposed upon every package of merchandise arriving in that colony. Tho operation of this law, altbou^h probably not »o intended, is to subject to tho charge referred to all goods Bent from this colony to Melbourne for transhipment to vessels bound for England or other oxtra-colonial porta. An exemplification of this has just boon received by the Burra Burra Company, against whom a chargo of Gi. 8d. per ton baa been mado upon copper or copper oro transhipped at Melbourne We imagiue it will bo necessary that the Government should ranko some inquiries about this matter, and relieve, if possible, the shippers of goods to England via Melbourno from co vexatious an impost." On Friday night last a labouring man named Charles Turbcd was drinking at the Albert Hotel, Stephen-street, and became a good deal intoxicated. TLcre were tbrco othor mea in tho bar at tho same time, who appeared to bo watch- ing him. After a while thoy went out, and Tar bed followed thom. A few minutes after- wards tho barman, wbo waa at the time in tho kitchen, heard a scuffle and a cry of " Mur- der," at the back-gate, in a right-of-way, and running out to seo what was the matter, saw the three mon knock their victim down, and search bia pockets. He saw two of them so dia tiuctly as to bo able to identify them afterwards, but did not diacover himsolf at tho moment. In about an hour ono of the two returned to the hotel, and was pointed out to a sergeant of polios, who had been attracted to the place by bearing the cry of " Murder." The second man was also arrested from description, but the third lias hitherto eluded detection. The prisoners, whoso names aro Charlos Harria, «¿t'as " Big Charlie," and James Loamon, wero brought up at the City Court yeaterday, and committed for trial on vory clear evidence. The prosecutor himself recol loetod scarcely anything of the affair. Henry Addison, a man who had formerly occu- pied a respectable position, waa charged at the City Court, ycaterday, with picking the pocket o' Thomas Meynall, a gardener, on Sunday night hist, while the latter waa lying in a drunken con- dition in a doorway in Collins-street. The pri- soner wnB remanded. At Kyneton, on Thursday last, tho Commis- sioner of Railways expressed his confident hopo that the railway would be oponed to Castlemaine and Sandhurst in July next-not, howover, on tho 1st of that month, as tho chairman of Sand- hurst Municipal Council interpreted tho re- mark, in bia speech a few minutes after- ward». So rapid ia tho progresa now boing made with the works, wo are happy to say, that there ia every probability of the hon. Commis- sioner's anticipations being rotdised. Only threo obstacles of any- importance now remain to tho immediate conncxiou of Kyneton (and of course Melbourne) with Castlemaine and Sandhurst, by a bingle line of rail». These are the heavy em- bankment at Malmesbury bridge over tho Coliban, the Taradale viaduct, and the embank- ment at Castlemaine, and iheBO groat works will, all bo finished within five or six weeks from this date. At Malmesbury bridge the embank- ment has been finished on the northern side, and nearly so on the other. The great Taradale viaduct-in which tho quantity of bluestone em- ployed in the solid piers is almost us great as at the Moorabool-a roadway has been completed across, and the »bolo work will bo fiuibhod by the first week of Juno. Tho embankment at Castlemaine will probably be the List portion of tho work to be finished, but labour is being con- centrated upon it, that it may be ready in good time. The ceremony of keying-in tho Big Hill tunnel will take place iu eight or ten days. On Sunday aftornoon, between two and three o'clock, two suspicious-looking characters were observed walking up and down before tho pre- mises of Mr. Charles Cupitt, a baker, in Quoen streot. The door of the Rhop happened to bo ajar, und one of the two presently entered it, and possessed himself of a large box of lea, with which ho wat endeavouring to make his way out again wheu Mr. -Cupitt heard the noise, and succeeded in capturing him. The fellow had the coolness to say ho intendedjto buy the tea,, and inquired the weight of it. He was given into custody ; and his companion, who had run away, was also caught and haudedover to the police. The two were brought up at the City Court yesterday, and committed for trial. I Two sermons'were preached on Sunday last on behalf of tho Wcslcyan Sabbath-school, Emerald Hill,-that in tho morning by the Bev. J. G. Millard, and the one in tho evening by the Bev. W. L. Binkr. An address was also delivered in the nftornoon by tho Bev. J. G. Millard to .the Sunday scholars in conuexiou with the school, nmounting to .over 190, and who sang Bevernl nppropriato hymns and antbemn. A toa meet- ing ia to be held this evening, at half-past six o'clock, on behalf of tho abovo Sabbath school, whon it is hoped all friends and lovers of Sabbath-schools will attend. It is intended very shortly to erect a handsome church on tho piece of ground ndjoiniug the school. Wo havo boen givon to understand that a num- ber of forged £5-noles on the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank aro in circula- tion, and in Bevernl instances havo been success- fully passed. Mr. Garton, landlord of the Pier Hotel, Sindridgo, cashed ono either on Sunday ¡or Saturday, and Mr. Cook, of the City Buffet, 'Bourke-Etreot, look one yesterday morning - fortuuatoly ho waa awaro of tho party from whom he received it. The notes in question have the apponraace of what aro oalled "split" notes, are much worn, and very deceptive lo tho incautious. Some of thom look as if they had boen in water, but the paper has a différent feel from tho genuine uotes, and the word " fivo " is omitted in the oval mark nt tho back, ? At the City Court, yesterday, John W. Goynes, an old offender, was sontoncod to twolve months' imprisonment, with hard labour, for attompting to pick tho pockot of a lady at the door of St. Francis's Church, on tho preceding evening. A ulan named James Brown was elmrjed, at tho City Court yesterdoy, w i¡ h ntoaling several hottles of ale and brandy, and one of champagne, with which in his possession he had been arrested in Swanston-street. Ono of tho bottles was marked as a sample. Ho was remanded till to- day, to givo the polica .nu opportunity of finding an owner. On Saturday ovcuing Duross, on aolivc mem- ber of the detective force, caught two men in a right-of-way off Little BourKe-ilreet/wilh a leg of mutton and a pound or two of pork sausago3, roiled up in a handkerchief. Ile arrested them, and made every inquiry he could think of to Und tho owner of what ho strongly .suspected to bo stolen proporty, but without success ; and tho prisoners, who were brought beforo the City Court yesterday, were discharged. In the County Court yesterday, an action was tried (Taylor and wife v. Mainwarinp), in which tho plaintiffs sought to recover damages for as- sault and falso imprisonment of Mrs, Taylor by. I the clrjfendoiit, a detective officer. The plaintiffs i had previously raoovered £50 damages from the poison «ho in tho first instance put the defen- dant in motton ; but the latter acted in tho matter without »warrant, and upon his own re Bpontibility. The assessors awarded £20damages, A meeting of tho creditors of St. Patrick's Collego was hold last evening, at St. Patrick Hall, to meet the Rev, Dr. Barry, and to receive a statcmont of the accounts of the institution. This, proparcd by professiooal acoouutants, and a statement of accounts prepared by Dr. Barry, wero luid bfcfore the meeting, and thoy Bhowed that tbo rev. gentleman waa very largely in advance to the college, and that there waa over £2,000 duo to him. Resol utiona of con- fidence in, and tympathy with, Dr. Barry wero unanimously carried ¡ and the creditors agreed to accept 12i. G1, in the pound cosh, or 153. at throo, six, and nine months', if the late principal wero permitted to continuo in the management of the college. Notice ia given of tho following alterations of timo on the Viotorian Railways;-On and after 1st May trains will ruu to and from Melbourne nnd Geelong and Ballarat as fol- lows:-Week days-Melbourne to Geelon* and Ballarat-Leavo Melbourne- at 0 a.m., 12 noon, 7 p.m. ; leave Goolong at 7.40 a.m., 1.40 p.m., S 45 p.m. ; arriving in Ballarat tit IO a.m., ?!.15 p.m., 10.45 p.m. Ballarat to Qeolong and Mel- bourne-Leave Ballarat at G a.m., 12 noon, 7 p.m. ; lo?.ve Geelong at 7.50 a.m., 2.5 p.m., 8.50 p m, ; arriving in Melbourno at 10 a.m., 4.15 p.m., 10.45 p.m. In addition to tho above, a goods train will leave Melbourno for Geelong, only, at 4.50 p.m., with first and socond class carriages attached. " Satanella," produced last night at the Theatre Royal, is literally a " romantic opera," Rhine legends, Mrs. Radcliffe's romances, and Byron's " Don Juan" have been drawn upon for incidents and characters. The spectators are transported from the Rhine to the sea- shore, from mysterious apartments resembling those of tbo castles of Udolpho and Otranto to cheerful palaces, from antique chapels perched upon rocky knolls to the slave market in Constantinople (or Cairo?, and from the lurid abode of Arimanes to the high altar of a vener- able cathedral, with wonderful celerity. The recklessness of tho gaming-house, the lawless- ness of a gang of pirates, and the abandon of Oriental dancing-girls, are pressed into the service of the composer, and made auxiliary to the pro- gress of the story. The real heroine of the latter has an opportunity of appearing in a great variety of attractive costumes, and its hero is finally married to a young lady in whose happi ness, truth to say, the audience have no reason to feel particularly interested. In fact, tho female characters of tho piece are, to use a very mild expression, not judiciously cast; and the task of sustaining the interest of the opera, so far as it does not depend on scenic adjuncts and dramatic action,is thrown upon Mr. Squires, whose exertions were warmly appreciated by the audience, and who was twice encorod ; the first time, for his spirited delivery of the bacchanalian song in the first act, and tho second time, for the taste and feeling with which be executed the song " No prize can fate on man bestow." Mr. Farquharson, as Arimaner, has a very subordinate part to fill, but makes it diabolically impressive ; and Mr. F. Lyster haa to ccaot the .cha- racter of a pedantic tutor, who is a .com- pound of Domiuie Sampson and Sancho Panza, and whose cowardice supplies the humorous in gredient of the piece. With much of the music iho publie has been already rendered familiar by tho dramatic version, presented during the first engagemont of Sir William and Lady Don ; and one favourite air waa promptly re- cognized and welcomed by the audiouee. Nearly the whole of the scenery is new, and ia aa beautiful as it ia «ppropruto. The chapel- by the aoashore, the BUVO market, aud the closing scene, representing the nuptials of Rupert and Lelta, the defeat of Ariiuaaos, and the triumph of Satanella, were especially effec- tive. The orchestral music embraces two or three excellent solos, by the first violin, clarinet, and flute respectively, eaeh of wbioh obtained a just meed of applause 