WOLLOMBI. íFrom the Herald's Correspondent ) I JANUARY 25TH.-Our serions apprehensions of a con- tinuance of the late parching weather have bien put an end to by the fall of steady rain sinoo Sunday last. The crops throughout the diBtriot have wonderfully im- proved; the corn plants especially, which teemed withered, have obtained a healthy appearanoe. Garden producéis rather stinted, while in orchard cropt there is an abundant supply, but of small growth. Besides replenishing our creeks and waterholes with a good supply of water, this seasonable rain has proved a means of extinguishing the large bush fires, whioh I reported in my last were extending their ravaging fiâmes far and near. Travellers on the main line of road between Wiseman's Ferry und Maitland, will find but few camp- ing placet and little horse feed, miles of oountry having suffered from the late fires. You may judge of the proximity of tho flames to the road, when several tele- graph posts were bnrnt down, whioh, however, were promptly replaced. Many opinions have been mooted as to the cause of those bush-fires ; there is no doubt but that they generally originate from the practtoe of travellers leaving their camp fires blazing away, which, with the morning breeze, in such dry weather as we have lately experienced, spread their flames with irre- sistible speed. Now that most of our roads have become telegraph lines, this unguarded praotice should be looked to. The Rev. H. 0. Claughton, late of the Paterson, it the newly appointed Church of England minister for this district. The reverend gentleman officiated here last Sunday, but as yet has not taken up hit perma- nent residence amongtt us. He is anxiously enquired for. A melancholy case of death has just o mi io notice. A report reached our police, on Monday last, that human remains bad been discovered in the bush on the road be- tween Colo and Howe's Valley, and about sixty-four miles from Wollombi. Chief Constable Keating pro- ceeded immediately to tho spot, when tbe dead body of a man was found, apparently abuut thirty-fire years of age. It appears, previous to his death, that the unfor- tunate had stripped himself of Irs clothes, for they were lying by hit side, together with his swag. The deceai.»d was recognised by a stock drover as a German, whom he had seen three weeks ago at a public-house in Colo, making his way to Armidale. Decomposition having set in, the body was interred where found by Chief Con- stable Keating and Mr. Laycock, winch latter party rendered great assistance, and prowdui the lequtsiteti for a burial. From the faot that the body was in H state of nudity, it is moBt probable that the deceased becim« deranged either from sunstroke or from exhaustion from I want of water, his death having taken place during the late hot weather, besides which no water could be ob- tained for miles from the spot. 