Local and Domcstic Intelligence. On 9th November three conditional-pardon holders (D. McFadden, J. Wilson, and P. Danningem,) booked at Albany as deck passengers per Salsette. On board, they gave up their passage-tickets, but after the vessel cleared the harbour, it was discovered that there were four men. From their clubbing together, it was impossible to discover who were the three men who had paid their passage money. On arriving at Melbourne, in obedience to a signal from the vessel, a police officer came on board, who discovered and arrested the stowaway, one J. Sanders. He mus tered the passengers from Albany (six) and demanded the production of their papers. Two of them pre sented signed and sealed clearances, purporting that the holders were free men ; three, being conditioual pardon holders, showed certificates signed by Sir A. Campbell, but without a seal, to the effect that the bearers were free to leave the colony, one (the stow away) had no clearance, aud was taken into custody. The police officer was informed, on enquiry, that the one description of certificate was given only to free men, and the other to conditional-pardon men. The three conditional-pardon men were taken on shore, confined iu jail, aud returned to King George s Sound by the next steamer. A legal gentleman in Mel bourne undertook their case, and obtained permission of the Governor for them to proceed to their destiua fcion, but they had already been sent back. A correspondence eusuea ueiweeu me mcuwurue nuuiu rities and the Agent of the P. & O. Company, which resulted in the bitter being informed that the commanders of the ships were liable to a fine of £100 for each man of th t ass brought into the waters of the colony. Hence we presume the necessity of the advertisement on the part of the P. &O.; Company whirli appears in to-day's issue. Had it not been for tbe stowaways' connection Ttith the three men who had paid their passage, and also for the insulting epithets applied by one of them (McFaddeu) to the police officer, which irritated him to put in force a law which in Victoria had been suffered to remain in abeyance, there would have been no difficulty in conditional-pardon men continuing, as heretofore, to proceed to Sydney by mail packet. V7e do not know whether the distinction between the two certificates is according to regulation, or whether it is peculiar to King George's Sound. ? v ? Fbosi the colonial papers we glean that informa tion has been received to the effect that the Bed Sea Telegraph line will soon be complete from ^ez to Juhal, an island at the entrance of the Gulf, and 146 miles from Suez. The P. & O. Company's steamers, outward aud homeward, will then stop off Jubal, to laud and there receive telegrams for and from England, India, China, Australia, &c; The Coinpanyj's Agents everywhere will be authorised to receive scaled envelopes containing messages for transmission via Jubal. When the line is completed, the cost of a message between England and Australia will be, according to the Times, about £3. ? _^^_ ? . Theee is some probability of the snspensfon of the Adelaide branch line of steamers to King George's Sound, as the Imperial Government have positively declined to contribute towardsHte maintenance. The present contract %itb the Avfi. N. G6o^g^ba» sjall «ix^ months .to run. - _ - ?; ' Jiz*' ' ?'' y ''f S- '*. ?? * — vr ' ~ ?''-'.' *v' AratKAtvr there has been tome agitation in favour of a fortnightly maQ, and if all the Colonial Govern ments concurred, the plan would soon be carried into effect-as but one additional steamer would be required to connect' the Colonies with' ihe fortnightly line between EugLind laid Galle ; so thai tL'e eitra cost would not be great. ?*? ? ^^ ? — A sad accident occurred lately at York, when the youngest child of Mr W. Cowan was so severely scalded, that he died. It seems that in the evening when the sad event happened, the servant went out of the room to procure some hot water for the purpose of preparing the customary bath for the child. When she left the room, there was a light in it, but during her absence it was removed. At this period the poor child crept into the tub in which it was to be washed. The servant, returning with a bucket of hot water, not perceiving the child in the dark, threw the water into the tub, and completely over the infant (for he was but 2 years and 4 months old,) who was thus scalded to death. iKTEiijGjprcE has been received of the safe arrival of tiie 'Gloucester at the Cape of Goad Hope; all well onboard. '' - v *. : ' ?' ? ??'?''?* — ' '» ? ? ;' ' ';???? ; Th* three natives condemned to death at the late Session, were executed on Thursday last. Finger, one of the murderers of Charles Storey* was fauug first, and met his fate with remarkable coolness and intrepidity ; the other two, who were sentenced for the murder of an aboriginal girl «t Victoria Plains, sofiered together, but they did not exhibit the same courage as Finger — bewailing their iate with tears. ^ ?' ? ? The Melbourne Argus of March 21 announces the arrival of Mr P. T. Gregory In the following terms : — ' Among the passengers who arrived by the Noitham, fiom King George's Sound, was Mr Francis Gregory, the weU known explorer of North western Australia, who has recently returned from the north-west coast, bringing with Mm several new plants and objects of interest. He has found a new species of gourd near Nickoi Bay, in latitude 20deg. fvratli. and lonsritiide Il7des-. East, and a slant be lieved to be entirely new, the iruitof which, when fresh ly gathered, nas a very strong smell, much resembling that of garlic, and so powerful as b- render uneatable food kept in proximity to it. A new species of palm is also among' the plants, and some fine kinds of beans. Mr Gregory has also brought with ? him several handsome pearls, one of which weighs upwards of four carats. He speaks in high terms of the cha racter of the country as adapted for settlement. After remaining a few days in Melbourne, he will proceed to Queensland, and thence to England, in order to confer with the Imperial Government iu reference to the best method of rendering the new country available.' ? **? ? ~ The following letter in reply to memorial of the Jury has besn handed to as for publication: — Attorney-General's Office, Perth, April 8, 1862. Sib, — I have the honor to enclose herewith a copy of the reply from the Colonial Secretary to your application submitted to His Honor the Chief Justice at the dose of the Lite Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Conrt. I have the honor to be, Sir, xour opeaient servant, Geo. Feed. Stone. J..G. C. Carr, Esq. Colonial Secretary's Office, Perth, April 7, 1862. Sib, — The application for remuneration to Ju'ors attending the Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court, addressed to H«s Honor the Chief Justice, and rorwarded by hid desire for tbe infor mation of His Excellency the Governor, with your letter of the 5th iustaut, has, this day, been under the consideration of His Excellency in Executive Council. I am directed to request you will hnforin the Jurors, making this application, that His Excel lency regrets it is not in his power to comply with their application. I have the honor, &&, (Signed) ' F. P. Bahlee. The Hon. the Attorney-General. The Committee of the Perth Mechanics' Institute have published their annual report, announcing con tinued prosperity. They regret that contributions for the Museum are not more numerous, and beg the assistance, of the settlers. The report states jthat during the year 1861 'a considerable number of new books have been added to the Library.' which now consists of 3,000 volumes. The Librarian issued 3, 800 volumes to members during the year. The number of newspapers, reviews, serials, &c;, is to be increased, and the readiug-room- will be regularly sup plied with the following:— Home Hews, lUostrated jondon News, Times, Weekly Times, Dispatch, Freeman's Journal, 1'uiich, Working Man's Journal, weekly uegister, wateninan, &auio-irgn;, yuaneny, and Dublin Reviews, Once a Week, All the Year Round, Blackwood's Magazine, CornhiU Magazine, and Chambers' JonrnaL The names of the gentle men who lectured during the year are published, and the subject of their ectures enumerated. Tbe number of ordinary members is stated to be 100. -A statement of Receipts and Expenditure is also puTb lished, from which it appears that £-262 17s 5d was received, and JE281 6s 2d expended, leaving a balance in the Treasurer's hands of £1 1 Is ad. The amount received, from Honorary members was £43, and that from, ordinary members, £%l 16s lOd. ? ♦ The Governor has recently permitted the children in the Poor House to have a day's amusement in the Government Domain. Both His Excellency and Mrs Hampton take great interest iu the wcliare of the rising generation, and the former has paid more than one visit to tbe Church of England and Wesfcyan Suuday Schools. ? -♦ ? SOMEve y fiur samples of cotton have been received from various parts of the colouy, many of the settlers having sown a little seed by way of experiment. Some of the healthiest plants we have seen in the colony were in Mr Fawcett's garden at Pinjarrah. A correspondent writes as follows: — 'The new church at Pinjarrah was in great danger of being destroyed by a bush- fire on Monday, the 7th instant, the names being: so close as to consume the palings which surrounded the graves of those buried ut the church. Every praise is due to Mrs McAttie, wife of the Pinjarrau Police constable, for her great courage and determination in averting: the devouring1 element from the building, assisted by the exertions of her son, a lad of some ten years of age.' The Comptroller General has written to our con temporary, giving the following result of the analyses of certain lnineralogical specimens sent by him to England. '1. — Molybdenum, from the Darling Range near Guildford. Mr Tennant states that this mineral has not any commercial value at present, because it has never been found in anv Quantities, or at a nrice that would justify manufacture. As experimentally to find the use it might be put to he offers to give at the rate of £56 per ton, for a small quantity, supjwsing that the price at which any ^considerable quantity could be supplied. A small party has been sent to obtain a quantity, which will be forwarded by the Lincelles. to ascertain the extent of the probable deposit. Tbe mineral is Sulphuret of Molybdena. 2\. — YTein in Decomposed Quartz, from Toodyay Green Mount. This is chlorite vein with quartz on either side. Chlorite frequently accompanies tin ; it b called by tbe miners in Cornwall, Peach. 3\. — Wash Dirt, from Toodyay Green Mount. This sand contains Magnetic Oxide of Iron, Oxide of Tin, Quartz, and (?) 4\. — I — Black Sand from Canning River. 2\. — Do. do. Fren-.amle Beach. Analysis by Mr Phipson — These have both R similar chemical composition, being composed of Magnetic Oxide of Inm, with a ^^MmPa^' SS/^tb^S^^^^^S^^Si^ MagiKtfic -J&*r ir^, ^!V?i4*U !l^ ! quantity- ? of manganese and oxide of zirconium ... — «-: «|-«r : - ?: ± }:??? -~'~L Total... . . ... loo. '. Equivalent to Metallic Iron, 53 per tent ^ No. 2 is a little richer in iron.- iahontfts -^iia^k - J b^ gtetain silver, ^SSE^P&m;^^^^^^ the green ones in ^6. 1 'are pn^wHw^^^^^^af sane. TUeamanmi off flie-tepmz Igrtfas^s^^mted ' I manganese and oxide oiareomnimSroriHmS^fa about 1J or S per 'etsntl.i, ^te^f^oe jpjr .^£ :m&. j has not been accounted £-r—%e^g mveryl^uA 