NEWS AND NOTES. By electric telegram from Castlemaine, we learn that on Tuesday the firing party of the Ballarat Rifle Rangers met an equal number of the Castlemaine Corps to shoot for precedence, at ranges of 200, 400, and 600 yards— 5 shots at each distance. The volunteers who proceeded to sustain the honor of the Ballarat Corps, were Sergeants D. Oliver, William Mumby, J. Sleep, and Privates Power, Fenton, Boyd, Hitchins, and Dixie. The last named went as scorer and umpire, and of course took no further part in the match. Eight men thus represented each side. At the first range the Castlemaine men made 61 points; at the second, 46 points; and at the third, 37 points; total 144 points. At the first range the Ballarat men made 60 points; at the second, 31 points; and at the third, 25 points; total 116 points. Castlemaine thus won by 28 points. Sergeant Sleep made by his firing the highest score, or 23 points. It will be seen that the Ballarat men, who were well up with their antagonists in the first range, fell off rapidly in the remaining two. Their average score was a little over 14 points a man, while that of the repre- sentatives of the Castlemaine Corps was 18 points per man. The Ballarat firing party proceed this morning to meet their antagonists of the Bendigo Rifles, when we trust they will have better success. By telegram from Melbourne we learn that on Tuesday morning two men, named J. Lee and J. Wallis, confined in the lock-up attached to one of the City Police Stations, awaiting examination on the charge of bur- glary, managed to escape by removing boards from the floor of the cell, dropping into the room below and walking out un- challenged. On Monday evening shortly before dusk Mr Duncan Campbell, farmer, residing in the Learmonth district, near the ford of the Burrumbeet Creek on the Lexton road, met with an accident which has since proved fatal, by falling off the shaft of a dray which he was driving at the time. Dr Creelman, of Learmonth, was promptly in attendance, but found that his patient was past reco- very, Mr Campbell dying in a few minutes after his arrival. An inquest was to be held yesterday afternoon by Mr Morton the dis- trict coroner. On Monday morning last a row took place among some men who were working at a thrashing machine on the farm of Mr Dwyer, near the Belfast Inn, beyond Cog- hill's Creek. There appears to be the usual difficulty to ascertain the exact particulars of the disturbance, or how it originated, but the result was that a laborer named Thos. Barton received two stabs with a butcher's knife from another laborer named Richard Ingram, one wound being in the left shoulder and the other over the right eye. The owner of the machine (Mr Alexander) sent at once to Coghill's Creek and to Lear- month for the police, and for medical assist- ance. The Coghill's Creek police were speedily on the spot, but the man Richard Ingram had been meantime allowed to es- cape, though there were some nine or ten other men present, besides the owner of the machinery. A trooper from Learmonth arrived some half an hour after the Coghill's Creek police, up to which time no pursuit had been commenced. Dr. Creelman, of Learmonth, also arrived and paid every attention to the wounded man, whose wounds are not at present supposed to be dangerous. Mounted Constable Gaggan from Learmonth, having procured the best description he could of Ingram, and having been told that he went towards the Springs, proceeded in that direction, but unfortu- nately without success. The police are however, on the alert in all directions, and it is to be hoped that the miscreant will not be suffered to remain much longer at large. The conduct of those who allowed him to leave before the arrival of the police is very reprehensible. The following is Ingram's description:-Height, 5ft. 9in, age about 30 years; country, Ireland; sandy whiskers and moustache, right eye (when last seen) blackened and bleeding; dress, moleskin trowsers, dirty check shirt, dark monkey jacket. He is a strong and active looking man. In the case Meanowski v Nott, in the County Court yesterday, the defendant was sued as one of the three parties to a pro- missory note, all being members of the late Main Road Quartz Company. It transpired that the plaintiff had taken up the bill but obtained the money from Scott, one of the parties to the bill. His Honor therefore gave judgment for the defendant, with costs, on the ground of deception. Shortly after four o'clock on Tuesday, Sir Dominic Daly, the newly appointed Gover- nor of South Australia, arrived in Ballarat, having travelled from Geelong on an engine along the Ballarat and Geelong Railway. Wishing to pay a visit to one of the gold fields, we understand that Sir Henry Barkly recommended him to come to Ballarat. Sir Dominic Daly was accompanied by Mr Williams, the railway contractor, Mr Amos, Warden of Creswick, who has just returned to this colony from England, Mr Bland, manager of the Port Phillip Company's works at Clunes, Captain Stephenson, of Tasmania, Dr and Mrs Bird, Mr Webster, and the Engineer of the line. He was met on the Melbourne road by Mr A. Smith and two two-horse coaches which conveyed his Excellency and party to Bath's Hotel, where he remains until this morning, when he starts for Clunes with Mr Bland, to inspect the works of the Port Phillip Com- pany. We understand that his Excellency, in travelling along the line, expressed him- self in favorable terms respecting the per- manent way and the solidity of the mason work, particularly in connection with the bridges. His Excellency has signified his intention of honoring the performances at the Theatre Royal with his presence this evening. He will be attended by a guard of honor, composed of the Ballarat Rifle Rangers, with its band, under the command of Major Wallace. Messrs. Hepburn and Leonard, cattle dealers and auctioneers, were sued in the County Court yesterday, for £250, for ille- gally impounding and special damages done to a flock of sheep the property of Messrs. Riddell. Three barristers and two attornies were retained in the case; but when the case was called on there was not a tittle of evi- dence available, and the plaintiffs were non- suited, with £28 odd costs. The Eastern Council, on Tuesday eve- ning, discharged the order of the day having reference to the purchase of certain property in Bridge street, and the opening up of a right of way to the Market, near Messrs Drury and Wright's. Richard Jenkins, charged with poisoning his wife in July last by giving her arsenic, and who, it will be remembered, was arrested by Detective Walshe, after that officer had assumed various disguises, was committed for trial at the Caramut Court of Petty Sessions on Thursday last. At the meeting of the Eastern Council, on Tuesday, the Chairman stated that there had been a meeting of the Water Committee that day, and both he and Mr Lewis, the Chairman of the Western Council, had agreed to issue bills calling on the ratepayers to be as economical as possible in the use of water. We hear that there are to be two en- trances to the railway terminus-one above the Gnarre Creek, and the other near the North Star Hotel. The Burke and Wills' testimonial com- mittee have appointed Mr Sayers as col- lector, having selected him out of seven persons who applied for the office. The Committee resolved to publish the names of all the subscribers to the fund, and a no- tice of motion has been given to strike the names of those gentlemen who do not attend the meetings from the committee list and to elect others in their stead. We learn that nardoo grows plentifully in Bullarook Forest. The plant is usually found on the edges of swamps, but it is sometimes met with on high ground. Some indignation has been caused by the continued absence of Mr Flint, one of the members for Ararat, from his place in the Legislative Assembly. The following from the Ararat Advertiser of Tuesday is the latest intelligence concerning the missing member:-"Since our last issue we have received telegraphic instructions respecting Mr Flint, from which it appears that this gentleman is not preaching, as report stated, but residing in South Australia." The Geelong Advertiser states that Mr Aspinall has been appointed one of the immigration lecturers. The official assignee in the insolvent estate of Mr Marshall, the undertaker, ob- tained a verdict for £250 in the County Court yesterday against Mr Rossiter, who removed the insolvent's hearse, coach, and trappings, and converted them to his own use. The action was undefended. It is impossible to estimate at the present time the amount of damage done by the recent bushfire in Bullarook. Erery day we hear new tales of losses suffered by the cultivators of small allotments, whose crops houses, and fences were destroyed, they themselves having barely time to escape from the fierce fire by which they were beset. In some instances, men and women ran out with hardly any clothes on them, and remained without covering or shelter for the whole night, the misery of their position being rendered still greater by their knowledge that their labor of years and their only means of living were utterly destroyed. Several of the saw mill pro- prietors have lost a large quantity of timber which they had cut, and they will have to incur great expense in opening the roads which are now blocked up by the charred remains of trees which fell across them. On Tuesday evening detective officer Hyland arrested a man named John Duff on the charge of stealing a bridle, saddle, martingale and whip from a Mr Block. The Eastern Council, not following the example of the Council of the West, have resolved to recommend the ratepayers to keep as half-holidays the two days on which will be held the cricket match between the All-England Eleven and the local Twenty- two. Meanwhile the projectors of this great entertainment and trial of skill are making every preparation for the reception of on- lookers, and confidently looking forward to the shutting up of places of business and the emancipation of their ordinary occu- pants, utterly indifferent to the man- dates or recommendations of Muni- cipal Councils. Mr Vowles, the contractor for the grand stand, made a commencement on Tuesday morning, and weather permitting will complete his gigan- tic task by Saturday night. The stand will be 300 feet in length, 25 feet deep, 25 feet high behind, and 17 feet in front. The slope will be fitted with nine rows of seats, afford- ing accommodation to at least 1500 persons. Theae will be approached by two staircases each eight feet wide, one at the extremity of the stand, and the other, beneath, some seventy or eighty feet from the further ex- tremity. At the back of the stand, and running along its whole length, there will be a promenade ten feet in width. The whole will be roofed in with wood, so as effectually to exclude the rays of the sun, or, as the case may be, rain drops, which do not seem very likely to fall. We have in a previous notice described the arrangement and number of the booths, which are to occupy the ground floor of the structure, but we may as well now record the fact that before the works are pro- nounced complete 51,500 feet of timber will have been used in the erection. The Gas Company were sued in the County Court yesterday by the defendant in the recent Circuit Court action for damages for alleged breach of contract to convey a certain piece of land at the rear of the company's office. The plaintiff was nonsuited, without costs, on the ground that his remedy, if any existed, was in equity. An action for goods sold and delivered to the late Monte Christo Company was tried in the County Court yesterday, Messrs Ford, Sichel, and Randle being the defen- dants. An argument ensued as to the validity of the company's deed of associa- tion, and judgment was reserved pending the hearing of another case. The following telegraphic despatches are from the Argus:- SYDNEY, Monday.-The English news via Melbourne has caused a great deal of ex- citement. St. Benedict's Catholic Church was consecrated to-day with great cere- mony. Arrivals yesterday.-Jenny Lind, from Rockhampton; Liberator and Nour- mahal, from London; Vixen, from Brisbane. To-day-Maria, from New Zealand. De- partures yesterday-Samuel Fales, for Mel- bourne; Juverna, for Manilla; Ludwig, for Shanghai. ADELAIDE, Monday.-The Wonga Wonga arrived at Glenelg from the Sound, at three p.m., after a 95 hours' passage. She left the Sound on the 19th, without the South Aus- tralian mails, the Peninsular and Oriental steamer from Galle not having arrived up to six p.m. of that date. It is conjectured that an accident had occurred between Galle and the Sound, rendering it impossible for the steamer to reach either port, either through baffling winds or violent gales. The Bal- clutha leaves with the mail at eight o'clock. In flour market sales of silk-dressed at £12 10s; wheat, 4s 9d to 4s 10d; bran, 1s 1d. Copper, £96 10s. General business dull. The following telegram, received by the Chief Secretary from the Manager of the Electric Telegraph Station at Cape Shanck, has been courteously forwarded to the Argus for publication. The delay in its transmis- sion from Saturday to Monday seems to require explanation:-Cape Shanck, Mon- day.-I have to report that on Saturday, 22nd instant, about 10 p.m., reports of can- non were distinctly heard by myself and others, here in a direction bearing a little north of west from Cape Schanck. Firing continued at intervals until midnight and then ceased. Weather very hazy at times. Wind light from N.N.E. No gun flashes discernible. No intimation of maritime disaster has as yet reached this place. This report has been delayed until certain infor- mation could be obtained that the cannon were not fired by the Royal Mail steam- ship Benares, or any other vessel entering Heads. We learn from the Herald that Mr G. H F. Webb, Government short-hand writer, has resigned his appointment as law lecturer at the University, and we hear that Mr Atkins will probably be his successor. The polling in the county of Mornington, for the election of a member to supply the vacancy in the representation in Parliament occasioned by the accession of Mr Chapman to the Bench, took place on Monday. The returns to hand show the numbers polled to be as follows:-McCulloch-Cranbourne, 107; Dandenong, 26; Berwick, 29; Schnap- per Point, 58; Dromana, 16; Frankstone, 1; total, 234. Notley - Cranbourne, 1; Dandenong, 11; Berwick, 10; Schnapper Point, 5; Dromana, 4; Frankstone, 19; total, 50. Majority for Mr McCulloch, 184. The Argus says:-To the would-be re- formers of the Melbourne Corporation the proceedings in Monday's City Council afforded a wide field for action. Celebrated as that body has been for years for its dis- orderly mode of conducting business, in the scenes of yesterday it outshone itself. Language of a Billingsgate description formed the subject of sotto voce remarks between Councillors, and at one time Councillor Goldsmith appeared to have serious ideas of indulging in a pugilistic encounter with Councillor Caple— at least he raised his hand for that purpose. From Launceston we have our files to the 22nd instant The Examiner gives by telegraph the result of the first day's match between the Tasmanian Twenty-two and the All England Eleven. The Tasmanians went in first, and scored 108 runs. The All England Eleven then went in, Iddison and Griffith taking the bats. When the stumps were drawn, Caffyn and E. Stephen- son were batting, and 80 runs had been scored, with only two wickets down. The Benares sailed from Hobson's Bay on Monday, between two and three o'clock p.m. with the mails for England. She had a strong head wind to contend against in pro- ceeding down the bay. We have our files from Hobart Town to the 21st instant. The Mercury is strongly urging on the Government the necessity of thoroughly prospecting the colony for gold- fields, by organising and subsidising for the purpose parties of Victorian gold-diggers returning to this colony from New Zealand by way of Tasmanian ports. The All England Eleven arrived in Launceston on the evening of the 19th, and on the follow- ing night at Hobart Town. Their reception was of the most enthusiastic character. The match was to commence at noon on the 21st. The Mercury gives the following list of the Tasmanian players:- North- Walker, Spicer, Boon, Still, Dumaresq, Capt. Cox, Brooks, Taylor, French, Dargaville, Side- bottom ; South— Jamieson, Whitesides, Tabart, Westbrook, C. Watson, Orford, George Marshall, J. Patterson, Mace. C. Perry, P. Facy. Mr Walker is captain of the team. The Government had proclaimed a public holiday, after noon, on the days of the match. 