OVc MONTHLTY BUMA1YT, .As the ail per "Bcnares" closes at 6 p.m. on Friday, 21st instant, our Summary for trans mission to the United Kingdom, India, ¢-c., will be published on. Thursday, the 20th, and will be forwarded to addresses sent to the office in time for posting. The subscription in five shillings, per annum, paid in advance. Single copies sixpence. NEow GAs CoI)~PANY.--We may direct the attention of those interested to the article in this days issue headed "Monopoly anod Competi tion" before tlhey commtit themselves too far. DELORAINE AND THE MERSEY.—Mr. J. G. Upton, of Torquay, announces that on Tues- day next, 11th February, he intends to commence running a conveyance twice a week between Deloraine and the River Mersey. The convey- ance will start from Torquay at six o'clock every Tuesday and Friday morning, arriving Delo- raine in time for the afternoon break to Launces- ton; and from Deloraine every Wednesday and Saturday morning at eight o'clock. RURAL MU5NICII'ALITY of LONO'FOnD. Tile day fixed for the election of six Councilldrs for this municipality is Friday, the 28tb of Fob., :1862 Nominations will be teceived by the te' turning Officer from the 14th to the 21st of February. STno OVERDUEn ENGoLIzH MarI.--Thoro wereinso signs of the overdue En-lish mail for December at the Tamar Heads up to 9 o'clock yesterday evening. QusaN's ORPHAN Scnoor.s.-Opthalmia is previlling to a very great extent in this establish ment at the present time, principally amongst the girls, of whom a very Iargo number are confned to bed. Every bed inl the hospital, and all in one dormitory, are occupled by girls with sore eyes. It behoves the Board of Malnnagement to tho roughly investigate the cause of this outbreak. Nothing similar exists in any other school, or amongst the .population generally.-II. T. .Ad nerltser. WVEsLsr AN ITNTrLLIOoNCO.-Tho following are the appointmens, for 1862, of the .Wesleyan Millnistry in the district of Tasmanlla, made by the WVesleynn Australasian Conference in its last ses iaon:-Hlobart T'own, William Lowe, Joseph Fillinghamt; Now Norlolk, James T'R. fl Roycq; Campbell T'own, Jolm Cope; llorton College, Ross, William A. Quick, president of the college; Launceston, James Hutchison; Longford, \Vn. D. Lelean; Westbury, Thomas B. larris; Delo rhine, Thomas Angwin ; Mlersey, Robert S. Canely; Franklin, Rtlchard O. Cook; Oaitlads, John Smithies. William A. Quick, chairman of the Districl.-II 2'. Mercury. CiOcotar.-Tho following are the Hobart 'i'own eleven for thle matchl with All Atgland men, as given, by the . T.Adlertiserer:-Measrs. T. Westbrook, T. Whitesidles, C. \Vatso, Orford, Al. Eillis, G. Marshall (Sorell), J. Patterson (Sorell), \lnee, .loniesol, J. Ellis, and 't'abart, witih le.Msec. C. Perry, Ilunmilton, and Milcmi llhael, as the three reserve men in rotation. Ronnay.--On Thursday last a quantity of oewellery consisting rings, brooches, lockets, ac.. worth about £40, the property of Mliss Emma ! I)egraves, was stolen from Mrs. Do Gillern's house in Davey.street, [floblrt Town. The front window of Miss Degraves' room had beed left open, and the thief or thieves had swept the jewellery off the dressing-table On thbo followitng day a telegram was sent to the police authoritises here, giving particulars of the stolen articles, anild giving a description of a man who was suspected of the robbery, and who had left the night before for Launceston, in Page's coach. The case was placed in the hands of Detective Lanham, who at once went in search of tlte man, and after tile lapse of about two hours apprehended and safely lodged him in the watch-hlouse. The de teotive afterwards traced two rings to Mir. IsraUl's pawnbroker's shop, and on the next day foulnd two of the brooches at Mr. lMatthew's pawtn shop. Messrs. Israel and Matthews both iden tifled the prisoner, whose name is Charles M'Kay, as the matt who had pawned the jewellery. MsKay. was brought up at the police.office on Sa. turday, and remanded to lohart 'Town. Great praise is due to Detective Lanham, (who Ihas always proved himself a very zealous police o0ticer) for his smartness in apprehending lPKay sad dlsceoering fihe stolen property. RIPLE? SnooTINGo.-Private IV. J Stor mont, L V. I C., made the highest nectmner of points (5) at the late inspection at the butts, on fhursday last (instead of Sergesot-Major W. Blake, as reported in Saturday's issue). 'THEATRnloAL.-Theo to-wn ithas lately been placarded with bills annoluncing the intended etrly arrival of Sir William alnd Lady Don, and in several places non has been done in six-feet letters. SAvzYt PROPERnTY AT FoIREs.-We aro glad to learn that a movement is on foot amongst the tradesmen of this town to establish a brigade, whose duty at fires will be solely to dir?ect their efforts towards saving property, as suggested by Mr. henry Stephens in a letter which appeared in last Thursday's Examiner. It is proposed that tile members shall only have some dis tinguishing Iad-e in order that they may be al lowed by tile police to pass to the scene of fire; but we anticipate that they will in all protbability adopt somno inexpensive uniform. Such an las secliation would be very useoul, as by their systematlo efforts not only would they evoe a much larger amount of goods than is usually rescued, but the goods or furniture would sustain but little or nodanmago in removal. THE ARTILLERY Coops.-This corps met at their drill room yesterday evening, at half-past seven o'clock for the purpose of revising the rules. At nine o'clo:k the meeting was ad. Journed. There were about eighty members present. Busts FtlcES.-- Dnritng the last few days there have been bush-fires in almost every. direction. One of the largest occurred on Friday at Symmou's Plains. It appears to have com menced on land helomging to Joseph Archer, E. , and thle flames rapidly swept on towards tile macc road, destroying several miles of fencing in their progress. 'rhe flames were so fierce, that the fencing'on the opposite side of the raid, surround ing Mr. Stewart's land, ignited, and from thence spread back Into ilia bush. 'fleo day coacl from Iloh'rt Town was delayed a full half-hour in con'equence of thie fire. and the driver had some difficulty in maingilng his horses as they galloped along tile road aimsdst the.denasi smoke and heat. On aturday evening the remains of the fencing and the bush were still smoaldering. A large number of snakes naid wild rabbits were killed by the fire. There was also a large fire in the neigh. borllood of Snake Banks. We have not heard whether any further damage than the destruction of a considerable quantity of leocing has taken place. The rain which fell yesterday morning has doubtless extinguished the fires. SoureRTrsaE LIKE AN AL.nur !-Amongst the crowd of "curiosities" which have been pro. posed to the Commissioners of the great Exhibi tionl is a very remarkable one emanaoling from an Austrian. lie proposes to have an album in whlrh all persons who enter the building should he required to enter their names. This monster bolok, he says, will be 31 feet in thickness, and ihe tlhinks it ought not to be less ihant five leet in width. It would weigh aboult 500 pound., and lie estimates the expense at £700. As the Commis sioners have shown themselves too obtuse to per ceive the practical value of the suggestion, and have failed to grant him the facilities which hae rrquires for carrying his novel idea into effect, tihe gentleman in question demands' that Ills right of property in the suggestion shoull be reperved to himself; but oifers, in the event of the Com missioners taking more sensible view of the value of the proposal, to soill them the copyright of his. idea of preserving the autographs of atil.ions of visitors for the modest sent of £500. On pay ment of this amount, the ponderous volume miay be set up without any fear of an injunctlion from the Court of Chancery, or any other terrible ma chinery of the law being set in motlon to restrain the Infringement of this brilliant conception. ANTI- PIIoTOGRAPnlII BANK NOTES. Some of the bills belonging to B ilks in this city were copied so perfectly by the photolgraphie pro cess that they could not be detected by the Bank officers. Thlis has led the Bantk to issue bills with yellow colored groundwork, which cannot he so copied. Thie ellow or lumiious ray of light exerts no chemical action oil the prepared paper of tile photgraphic artist, therefore the yellow-col ored ground of a genuine bill will produce a blick grouind in a photographic copy,-Scienltr Amieri rhu. A POLYPIDE AT I115 DaINNen.-One day a polypide caught a large rotifer, which, with several others of his tribe, had been swimming amoc tile tenticles, as if unconscious of danger. All of a sudden it went down the wllirlpool leading to tile lmouth, was rolled up by a process that could not be traced, and without anl instant's loss of tihlc was seen shooting down in rspld descent to the gulph below, where it looked a potato. shaped mass, utterly destitute of its chara:teristic living form. Ilaving been made into a bolos, the unlappy rotifer, who never gave the slightest sign of vitality, was tossed up and down front the top to the hottonl of tihe stomach, just us s biliiard ball migit be thrown from the top to the bottom of . stocking. Thllis process went on for hours, the bhll gradually diminishing in size, till at last it was lost in tile general muss with which the stomach was fllled.-M-arvels of Pond Life. l'rn "Trtuoms" AND AiiSTRALtA.-A London correspondent of the Melbourne h erhld says, undertdate October 29:--"In my last I allu. ded to the consequences of the Timres' Melbourne correspondent's letter of August, and the taw, leaders written on the sta ngih ofi i. Viotorian otnds tell froml 1051 to 103), at a timt whlen money is seeking tlvestltoent, cnd dliscuounit o aood bills 2t per cent. I lone ieard to-day tha .\r. WVestgarib wrlte toi ttheTimcw on thei subjcet, bat his lelier twas lnot inserted Thls is quite in con. ,slaneo aitlt tte 2'imes' plractce, of which I mentioned anuther instance in myllst.sl. Monolt tnoLTrSi.-hOn SaltrdIv, two more prieoners ntmed.. Thoma Full and .1 Jmes IoMurphy escaped from the gang employed at loulgrave Square. COINOLItOn FLoEvsE.-Crinoline ii ex tenled to another purpose besides petticosts, and we have now crinolines for our arms. Under sleeves, made in the stme manner as the petti coats, small at the wrist, and increasein inl size towards the upper part, are heing mannftloured. They are quite a novelty, and are likely to prevo. a very uselol invention for keeping nlrg., peorel net and nmuslin sleeves from getting rumpled, which they. are very likely to do untder the largo shawls and mantles which are so much worn. English-tomans' Domestic Magnazine. GORILLA HUNTrINt.-A FonstRoIanLE Enser - One of the inost serious liffiultlet of gorilla hIunting is, that the haunts selected by the animal are so impenetrable and gloomy, thait, to ,et a fair aim, it is necessary to approach within eight or ten yards. To meet a male gorilla means deathtro either yourself or him; and the only chance the hunter has of saving his lift is, that his very first shot will stretch the hairy monster ldead on the, ground. There is no ascl thing an reloading and trying your luck aan ;in the gurilla gives no more than he asks"- a single ttrn. You fire and miss: thouen woe betide you. Wlild Sports of theA World. NA Tntrur.-A lte ominenb lawyer; in one of his addresses to the jury, expl.ined tie meaning of-this phrase by relatin the following fable, worthy of old .op himself :-" Truth ntd Falsehood, travellinf one wartm trcy, atter at river, anti both went to bathe at tle Ceine place. Falsehood, coming first out of tile water, toolk his compsnion', clothes, leaving his own vile raiment, and ivent on his way Truth, c tming out of the water, sought nl vain for lis own proper iress, disdaining to wear thb' garlt of Falsehood. Truth started, ait naked, has never overtaken the i'gii tite, and has ever since been known as Naked Truth:' EnONITE.-This is the name of a now com pound muroufactured by Slver anld Co., of Lt.ndon. 'rho hase of the material is Indlarobher, which the manufacturers deprive of its extreme flexi bility, and render it hard and susceptible of re ceivlng a high degree of poihit. Ebonite 14 lnso capablle of supporting a temperature o hloiling water without being changed or in any way de teriorated; and being also aspeciically lighter than water, 11 appears better adapted. for the manufacture of many articles of ornament and use than any other known material. . It ha atl ready been wrought into bracelets, neckl.tces, combs;brooches, chains, drinking vessels, paper knives, stethescopes, and many other orniamental articles of great benuty. But its principal value appears to be derived from its nropertyof beinz an almost perfect non.conductor of electricity. This peculiarity has enabled the manufacturers to apply it to the purposee of tile telegraph, as it is prohtbly the best insulator yet known, or likely toI be invented. Experiments of an extensive kind, and in some Instances of suaficient time to test its properties, tnder every variety.ot tert perature and atmospheric change, seemt to confirm this. A SYIuro Honsti.-Nine out of every ten norsemen start in their seat whenever ii Itorsa shies, andi then the horse is either by whip or spur driven up to the onject. This makes horses look at any singular object with more nervnus ness, for they expect a thrashing at the same moment. The rider should neither shy Iitself nor notice it in his Iorse; and far less putiolh him.. EAnL.r News AND STocK- JonutNo.--Sir Henry Furnese, a bank director, was the Itenter of these times. lIo paid for constant despatches from Holland, Flanders, France, and Gerimany; his early intelligence of every battle, antd espe cially of the fall of Namor, swelling his protis amusingly. King William gave him a diamoud ring as reward for early information; yet he econ descended to fabricate news, and his plan for in flue cing the funds were probably the types of similar modern tricks. If Furnese wished to buy, his brokers looked gloomy, and, the alarm spread, completed their ,argains. In this manner prices were lowered fior and five per cent in a few hours. The Jew Medina, as we are nssured, granted hlnrlborough an annuity of £6000 for permission to attend his campaigns, and amlly repaid himself by the uise of the ea rly Intellirence to obtaluetd. At the same period Thomas Guy haunted. Change.alley, and gathered the gold which ultimately paid for building his noble hospital.-City Press. VITALITY iN HORsEs.-Some experi menmous have recently been made in France by per. sons skilled in the veterinary art, with a view of ascertaiinng how long horses may live without food in certain contigenciees, as, for ,example, being shut up in besieged places.' The following results have been noted, a horse may. live for twentlyfive dayts without solid food, anit merely drink water. He may live seventeen d:iys with out eating or drinking. After taking solil ail ment for the space of ten days, but with at in sufficient qu intity of drink, the stomach is w.trn out. The above facts shllow the importance of water in the eusteuance of the borse, nld the desire the animal must feel to be supplied with It. A horse which had been deprived of water for the space of three days, drank eleven gallons in the space of three minutes. ConswAv, Is?rtcaxAr.-State of. tle Cornwall Hospital and Infirmary for the week edling February si8b, 1862. Mste. Fmnat.. t tal. RIomtued ... ............ 54 ... .11 ... 65 Since admitted. ........... 6 ... o ... 0 Total ..................... 60 ... it ... 71 Discharged .................. 3 ... t ... 4 Died .................... ..... 2 ... 0 ... Remaining ............ 55 ... to10 ... 05 . Out-door patients treated-" during the week ............. 15 J. L. bILLER, Surgeon ' Supeorintendent. 