Miscellaneous. The Cause of Giddiness. — It is not the height to which men are advanced that makes them giddy; it is the looking down with contempt upon those below them. Persian Politeness. — The Persians have a saying that ' Ten measures of talk were sent down upon the earth and the women took nine.' Ccbiosities Wanted. — A handle for, a blade of grass, a letter written with a cow pen, and a feather from the wing of a hospital. Still Cheaper. — A dentist in one of our large cities advertises that he inserts teeth cheaper than anybody else. Ha might find a bull-dog who would do it still cheaper. Irish and Scotch Wit. — Dean Ramsay tells us of a Scotchman whose tender toe was trodden on; the offender said, ' I'm very sorry, Sir; I beg your pardon;' and the only acknowledgment was, 'And you've as muckle need, Sir.' To our mind there was some surliness and not much humour in this. The Irish beggar who, on being refused alms, swung his crutch on the toes of the gentleman, whom his prayers moved not to charity, bad more humour wben he said to the enraged owner of the suffering foot, ' Bless your honor, if your heart was as tender as your toes you'd have given me .the tenpenny.'' The most ' Dogged' of Officers. — Policeman K2. Diamond Adder. — During my long sojourn in the colonies I must have de stroyed at least 1,000 of these treacherous enemies of man. 1 was always under the conviction that the diamond adder possessed animal magnetism, and had the power of fascination to a degree beyond any other of its species. Often have I seen a terror stricken little bird hopping from twig to twig, uttering the most plaintive cries, and twittering its nervous wings iu trembling agony; caused, as I have invariably dis covered, by the overpowering attractive gaze of a diamond adder. In this opinion I was one day most unmistakably confirmed; for whilst passing through the locality referred to for the purpose of hunting the diminutive animal erroneously termed the kaugaroo rat, my favourite highly* trained lurcher, Pat, hearing the well known alarm-call of the ever- watchful mina birds, immediately ran to the sp«-t where they were assembled ; curiosity induced me also to hasten to the place. On arriving, I perceived from certain twitchinga of Pat's sensitive fout and nose, whenever she touched any doubtful sub stance in the long grass, that the subtle enemy, the deadly stake, was somewhere in the vicinity, and had been, espied by the little bush police birds, as the minas aie termed, and of whom there must have been at least six or seven hundred, screaming at the top of their voices and uttering cries of distress from the branches of an adjacent tree. la vain did Pat and I search every clump of grass, dead bush aud black log around us — nothing could be found. At length, however, after quietly watching at a little distance, for about ten minutes, from a small bole in the branch of a hollow gum-tree forth peered the grim visage of a very large diamond adder. Pat's keen eyes discerned the hideous monster first, and rushing towards me in undisguised terror, with bristling hair and standing erect on her hind legs, she showed me the serpent — which had artfully crept up the inside of a tree, the heart of which hud been destroyed by bush-fires. Being some 30 feet below, I was compelled to be a mere spectator, and seeing that the cun ning snake was somewhat shy of acting his part before so unwelcome an audience as myself and my intelligent dog Pat, we con cealed ourselves behind a clump of thick bushy wattles. Upon our retiring, the serpent regained confidence, and instantly creeping from his dark hiding-place, pro ceeded to entwine himself around a small branch of the tree ; whereon, firmly fixing himself, he uncoiled the upper half of his scaly pliant body, and commenced a series of the most graceful movements imaginable. The poor infatuated minas continued to scream, moan, and flutter round their insidious adversary ; gradually drawing nearer and nearer, perching themselves within 12 or 15 inches of him, with out standing feathers, and piteous cries, and panting as if at the last etage of life, they yielded one after another to the tender mercies and elastic swallow of the horrid reptile, which devoured them, feathers and all, until he could absolutely bold no more ; but not the least exciting part of the scere was yet to come, for the wily mesmerist, though he could devise means to destroy other created things, had not the foresight to provide against ihe possibility of his own destruction. He had satiated bis appetite — had revelled in the death pangs of his poor victims — but, cunning as he was, he proved his deficiency in military tactics. Wise generals always see their way clear for a safe retreat before proceeding on »n enter prise. Not so this outwitted adder ; he had luxuriated to suck a degree upon in nocent minas that, when desirous of re turning to his stronghold, the small aperture through which he had so cleverly squeezed his yielding body, not being of the same elastic composition as his own, refused re admittance to his now bloated and over gorged frame. After repeated trials, however, he became aware of his dilemma, and commenced his descent by entwining his nether extremity around the lowermost branches and twigs successively, until he had reached the last ; then, swinging head downwards, apparently in a very undecided mood as to the propriety of casting himself to the bard ground beneath, he waved about for several minutes. In the meantime I had rapidly cut three or four good wad dies (native throwing- eticke), and forthwith commenced a sharp fusillade at the vibrating foe. One lucky bit brought him down by the ran, and in the next minute the flock of bereaved minas were deeply avenged. — Thirty-three Years in Tasmania and Vic toria, 3g George Thomas Lloyd. 