, .AGRICULTURE. Flour is without oliango, arid tberoris little doing in wheat. Oats liavo taken a turn in favour of tho sollors. Mr. W. Lawrence's latest- quotations are : — Flour, colonial, L12 10s to LI?. Adelaide, L13 to L13 10j. Hart's and iMargnroy's, superfine, L14 to L14 10s. Wli.cat, .colonial, 5s to 5s 6d. Adelaide, 5s 9d to Gj. Bran, Is . Sd to Is 9d. Tho weather continues favourable for tbe ingathering of ihe harvest, and wo ought soon to bo put. in possession of the probable result. It will not, as fur as accounts have yet reacltod us, bo below the avorage of last year, and ws shall have tlio inoreoso in the breadth of tho crop to add to this. As a compensatory advantage to tho reduction of price, whioh is now inevitable, wo shrill also have the more ooonoinical uso of machinery to sot off against that. In 'some places, wo .see tlio use of ma chinery spoken of ns making a difference of from 12s to 13s per aero in tbo gatlioring in of the crop. Formerly, it cost by hand reaping 20s at least, and now not- more than 7s 6d. This is a wide difference, and it will pay well for tho outlay. Tho bush-fires -were not so destructive, it appears, in Gipps Laud, as was at first re ported. They were 'confined chiefly to grass lands, and did not do ' much damage to tho crops. The hot weather is' spoken of at the Ovens as having been very disastrous. The grain crop was mostly harvested boforo the hot weather set in, and that, therefore, for the most part cseapod. But tho maize is said to' have been muoh injured, and tho potatoos aro described as' having boon so burned u3 to liavo become flabby, and to have had to be dug- up. The vines, also, arc said to have boen scorched, particularly about tlioir lower branches, and to have been deprived of. much of their fruit. This is a slight exaggera tion, perhaps, prompted by a sense of tho oppressiveness of. tivo or threo hot days in succession, on more than ono. occasion of loto, and things may not probably prove bo bad in tho end as now represented. No similar accounts have reached ua from any other quavter. . The Government seem to bo bent on pro ceeding with their distillation bill. But wo do not seo what good is to como of this. It will bo purely experimental legislation, from which wo predict no great advantage. No . ob struction should be "thrown m tho way of vinegrower, but what the . farriicr will be ablo to do by this moans, wo do not woll under stand. Whore is his capital to come from in the first instance, to set up spoil a distillery as will-be required for the protection of rorenuo? How will he reconcile himself to the visits of the exciseman for tho. eollcolion of tho duty? How can ho distill at a profit with grain at 83 Gd to 4s per bushel, when they found that they could not do that in South Australia witli grain at 2s 6i ? If there was tho least chance of distillation being mado to pay, it would hare been adopjed in Soutji Australia long ago, whero two or threo Parliamentary en quiries were liold on tho subject. But in place of that,, our .furmers liavo resolved on trying tlie London market with their surplus wheat, and thoy speak oncouragingly now of thoir prospects of tlio result of this. When tho last mail left England, best South Australian wheat was worth 8s 9d per bushel in the London, market. This, after allowing 3s Gd for freight nnd other charges, — too low a figure, perhaps;— would lorivo thorn 5s 3d per bushel. But tliey calculato upon having to grow it at 4s per bushel, and this would leave thcrn.a further margin for exp'onses, if tho wheat was good and demand at tho above quoted price. This, as tlio ultimatum with ourselves, wo liavo nevor ceasod to force upon the attention of our renders. Wo are " fust approaching the point in our wheat, growing history, in whioh this will be forced upon us as a necessity, and wo must noithor blink it, nor postpone tho consideration of it. South Australia, as appears from her lost published returns, only boasts of between 7000 and 8000 farmers, and yet with these, she not only raiscB oil tho ngrioultuol produce ho requires herself, but Buppliesr?.| nearly ono balf wliat wo want ? Wlmt will'v, our condition, then if we go on producing ! tlio samo ratio of mcreaso os wo bavo I during tbo last four years, in the coursf nnothor year or two, if wo do not bestir ou Belves to open up markets for our produce Tho committee of tho Geelong and West., District- Agricultural end Horticultural c" ciety liavo published their report, which i,T be submitted nt tlio annual mceliim to 1. ,? on the 4th of February. Wo make n 8v ) extract or two During the year II, attention as formerly has been given t0 n encouragement of ploughing matches, and 11 committee offered to supplement the fUIlJ, , such distriot committees ns might be omou|, J for this purpose, on tho samo principlef laid down last year, viz., by giving L15 to thai' committees who collected in their district L30 and they wero glad to find that the object ' attained in six districts of the locality mil-' the bounds of tlio society." Again ;«n committee in tho spring of tho year were f' vourod by ordor of HisExcellcncy the Gown/ with a quantity of Adelaide" prizo „|1(" and tho secretary distributed it nmongst lh members of thp society, and tlio couitnitf ' are 111 tho hope of seeing a large suppl// wheat nt the next exhibition, tlio produce of this splondid sample of grain." Tho Agricultural and Horticultural Mcclbi.; of tho week lmvo not been important. \ great feeling is springing up in various qua,.' tors against tho plouro-pneumoniu Conimi!sjM movement. A letter on this subject appe,Kj in yesterday's Herald. No fresh csees W. occurred. 