.,. CLARENCE TOWN. ?i[PBOÏÏ ÓÓR!"oqíjBBSPOHDENI.] A NEAT building, capable bf. accommodating about 103 persone, having been prepared for' the worship of God by. a few energetio dissenters in the town above-named, . .public äerviocs .were held in eonneotion.with the open, ing of, it on Tuesday, 1th instant. , ,-,.,', . ... \ it Jn tbe . morning, ot eleven o'alook, the Eev.-Â. W. Murray preaohed. In the afternoon, tbe building having: been profusely adorned, about seventy children --tbe future Sunday.Bohool-were regaled with tea and oaks., After their dispersion, the tables .were, surrounded by tbe friends, who partook of an exoullent tea. . Tho rain, which bad-threatened, cleared away, end the public vmeeting'initbeievening^was so numerous ns- to ero nd tho building and aisle and the spaoe around the door with-! oat. . 0. F. Holmes, E¡íq;,' ol . Oakendale, having been1 moved into the chair, the Kev. Chas. Oater,. Baptist minister,, was malled f upon» to give an-ocooont (of his entrance .amongst tbe people, and of bis prospects.' -It' 'appeared that bia welcome had been of the most grail* lying description; and bis prospcots were very encourag- ing. Addresses were delivered by. tbe .Itevsv J. B, M'Curey-Rr Moneyment,-A-. W.- Murray,- and- E. Hen.; dérson:» A 'hondeóme 'donation from -a generous friend; in¡Sydney -was ptaocd- in tbe hands of the Minister, after! the sum had been augmented by the worthy chairman.', -The pleasure of the evening was' enbaaoed by the sing.; ing of several anthems by an amateur oboir, assisted by; a lady of tho town,-whose harmonium was placed at the; -servloe bf the chair.-' After a vote of thank« to the. 'ofaolrman, the meeting was.cloded In the UBual manner] at ten o'aloob. -JI.. ' . > AI W .. t..-t .*. j " GtENwnÜAÑ.-6S publia tee meeting 'voa held'in the; abovenamed {place on Wednesday,-the'Oth "instan','in¡ o nneotlon with the settlement Df the Bev. Cb'oB. C.ter at OlareqceTowni- Tbe children forming the nnoleuB of; theSunday'>vohool',andnumberingfarty-two,werefirstsa'-.| plied'with' tea. The' ¡Episoopál Church, whiob ' was' kindly lent for Jibe oobasion onbVwhiob is roonpled by the Boy. ,CboB."Cater aa often a's be >ÍB¡t8 GrSwillian, w»s neatly'deoorited1 and well' arranged-' for. ^b'e, meeting.' 'At half-'pasr six o'clock, the"bmtdibgiwas crowded,'np-j wards of one buadred'and twenty persons aèing'presentj TVDark,Esq.; of'Ciereúeé Town'ooou'pred the chair, and.' stated that he felt great pleasnre in being permitted1 to' take part In.such' a'meatifigYr'He' !felt confident that' there was great good in store for the district: ' Addresser were dblivbred by tho RevdB.-CboB. Gfcter.'E. Hénderson,1 ? B; Moneyment,1-'JI: B/ McCuré,'.''and' A,' -W.' Murray,' Several anthems were sung,'and the''meeting'was very leluotáritly oloaefl Shortly' after ten 'o'clock. ' - A vote of thanks to the'ehaitman wns catrled nha*nlm<insly ; and'a! ~iôVï~l5~Wt, ATXthnröh, ôTT?rârencê~To~w>,.wbb^~çn~e? otisly -provided'the (ea, and,- after the'- meeting olo&eai; 'spread rofreshtnentB' and'Coffee''for7 the- miniotera' And1 friends' from a dhrtanbeV'' ' -t ,ww ,- wA-r« ...'.. !.!?. ! ¿"HÍNTOJJ.^Ayablío^mBÍátrng", was held 1n\ thé ^Baptist! Chapel in tba'abovenamed pUco 'orj Thursday eveniogi the Otb instant ; ' ' the BeviT' B. Henderson',' pastor of the "Cburob,"bocup5'ed the chair, önöl IntröduoerrtUo niirTistérs! Worri Sydney, whó'h'sd b'een'On a vÍBit to Clárenos Towri 'arid Gfrinwillian.'^ The) Hov. A. W., Mur roy addressed thd mééting On the subjeot of revivals bf religion, in-a most Impressive manner. Tho- Kev. R Moneymentjjave 'onj aoeount of the settlement of i the Rev. Charlea Catef,0 at Clarence TOWD; ond tho onoeiiog profp:ots of. tbo nii. histor1. - Ha stated1 that bia hrethron ond- bs were glad (o find that there existed amongst ' the people a desire for such'minister s OB had the oonfldenoe of all evongbli oal'ahtirbhesi1 Th'e'Hevi ' Jt, B. MoCure afterwards ad-! 'dressed. Ibo faieeting ot some length, on the neoesbity ol the work of tho Holy Spirit in aonveraion.-^The tnehtinTg was,: brought,to, a dose," inthe ;rsual manner,, at kteh o'olèoh;oll pressât having felt that God waa-with.thom,' and that an ^association ol-Biptist oburoboa was. a great want of thiB^obldhy.'> ' .'?' . ' . -.'.'- j \- THE WEATHER, AI TBMTSHFISLS.-Sinoe ens lost pubi lioatton (says the OAronící») the weather bas been vari-! -able,-alternating between/worm sunshine . and cool oloudlnese. : I Daring the, past two or, .three dayB thiohj oloudB.have oooaelonolly risen from eastward,'bearing Btrong- indioations of rain, .bat only to. create .feelings .ol "disappointment. .'q ¡ . '< ? --.,<> j AWÏUTI -Boan Fut».-The- Tenterfield Chronic]» says: .-Information -bas been)afforded us of tbftCOonrtbacB ot' a. fearful.-bush.fire on tbe Poverty Point roadj ¡.Twa travellars ,started on their journey from that pince ] tat Tenterfield, on .Sunday evening isBt, at six o'olook, andi although they.observed a-,denso stacks thai,, morning, they did not anticipate there would bs pry dangor inj travelling along the road. They bad, however, only tra-j veiled Oyo milos oro they wore stopped by tho ¿re, which was raging ;and roaring furiously. . Soelng Ibo utter im praotionbiliiy of pursuing their journey, thoy-lurned thole lioiaei.',heads liomcwnrda ognln; but|fanoy their-horror1 wben they fourid tho fire bad in tho meantime reached that portion of ibo rood whiob they bad just pnsBod, on1 nooount of a sharp bind wb'nli tho load took at that plaoo. They thus found tht mflolvea nnrronnded by the' fire, which roorod.llko n, hurricane,, the, fl ame H natunllví Hoking tho top's'of the tallest treas. Perceiving fha1 awful Ranger of.tlmir poallion, they could not delay, a', moment, and tho only moons of csoipo from tho terrible! conflagration was to descend a dnngcrounly-prcoipitouaj mountain on tho Damon Crook Binge, through a por- tion ot the;burning grass, to wlilcb bold step t^ey aw. d' The tafety of their lives. Wo are further informed that other Ares wero obsorvod in the neighbourhood.' 