cuMtegaetice of the funeral of Bi^mtàWM*..'M* gooley. fcnwe»«^;jf«md A#aipo^ wit» tte¿tfts^aiaaf Csaaf^fed lâjî to top open Jo «bbge ibecrowï 'oí peoona who nsuâHy ijääanr «1 pt*tipnofjUjeirearaû^ Weaneaàary*. ~ A*yBK*B*»y? W the appDcaut* ute womal whose husbands are in Kew Zeataoo, who, saned with the necemary order to reeàre m por don of the «mount deposited, besiege the bank from ten «uta three o'doek tm Wednesday*, >, - 1»> A crowd waa attracted to the doora of Branatoh** Bridge and Grenville streets, hut ereninft 'when a nom, bèlpiessry drunk, wu thrown out of the lionaelialf nndreaaed. Seoptein&ttcrowdoaid; the mao.waa cruelly treated, and the man shouted about Jhaving lost » lot of money,4he noale being, that a constabb) came and handcuffed the drunkard and had -him gmne^giáaa esr to the Eastern lock-up. On being searched at the.lock- up a cheque for .£200 and between i£8 -and JU in stoney were found on his person. Whether the Bide Saugers hare the same cause ?of cornplamt as the caraby corps we cannot say, bul the attendance a*-«»e weekly drill on Wednesday evening would lead one to infer aa much, as only a acore farmcoat This number, nader the command of the sergeant-major, formed -into «Jose -caluma ei sections, prepared to receive cavalry, formed four deep, andreht through all the other common-place rnaoamvrea that the members bare been in the b»>it of performing ffc^ Hots ??f^V"^H^jy8TgTt "fBrer wa« tm t£e ground, SOO1 tiie .ergeant-major therefore took tbecouimand. On Wednesday forenoon the Western fire-bell rang out the alarm of fire. It seems that a servant girl threw out some hot ashes, which set fire to thc garden fence near Mr Hepburn's stables. Two mes who were ia Drummond street observed the blaze, and luckily extinguished it with a supply of watei from some of the water tanka in the. locality. Some eight or nine persons favorable to the pro motion of a day's racing on the Great Extended course met at tbs Camp Hotel last night, -and ¡afta the discussion of a few preUminariea it was decided tx adjourn till friday evening at the Pacific Hotel, whet the formation of a committee to make arrangement! will be discussed. We perceive by our advertising colnmna that thi principal, of the Ballarat Grammar School bas re fained the services of Professor Doyle, M.A., o Trinity College, Dublin, as classical tutor. Tb pupila are abo to be drilled, we remark, by Sergeant Major Gunn, of the B.V.V.B. Corpa. On Wednesday evening, Joseph Canner, butcher was arrested by tile, police on a warrant cbarginj him with having fraudulently alienated a portion c Jus property shortly before he filed bis schedule The accused was admitted to bail by Mr Clissold. Aman named Jas. H. Chaplin waa arrested b; the police on Wednesday, on the charge, of bavin stolen two purs of blankets from a Hr Watson, an one pair from a Mr Gaylord, both of whom reaid at Sago Hill. At the Eastern Police Court, ou Wedneeda] several persons were summoned for aly^grog selung sad fined the usual penalty of £50, or the alternatif -tour months in gaol. The grand match, between Eighteen of Ballan and the Victorian Steven, will commence this mon ing, and as the match has to be got through in tw days the stumps will, or ought to be, pitched earl] The Victorian Eleven ia a crack one, and althone, the Eighteen numbers some capital players thc must look alive in order to escape a defeat, or, defeated, to render it a respectable one. Since tl Eighteen were chosen Mr Warden Clowe, a membi of the B. C. C., bas put in an appearance, and unie the very common occurrence of absentées does ni happen this time, it is most likely he will be inviti to play in the match, as he is looked oponas a d sirable man in such a contest. Besides the crick there are to be other amusements, to wit, a quo match between Marshall, of the Victorians, ai Boyd of the B. C. C., and some racing events. Tl weather promises to be fine, and there is little don that the reserve will be numerously patronised du ing the match. At the Smythesdale Warden's Court ou Wedna day, the following cases were brought on for bearii and were dealt with as indicated:-Cherry ai party v Bollock and party-Mr Stoker for t! planting. This was an application for compen&atii; for encroachment. The plan of the claim n having been produced and the Surveyor not bes present, the Warden was unable to adjudicate; cs dismissed without prejudice. Same v same.-Tl was an application for a water frontage; adjourn to the 28th instant for the attendance of the minii surveyor. Hr Richard Birnie writes to correct 'ian inv luntary error" in his letter published on Treads He states that he has received about £1 for] ticke and that many friends have behaved very kine to him, though many persons have neglected pay. We do not think it necessary to publish ! Birnie's letter. The Horticultural Society met on Wednesd evening, sud after a protracted discussion, in whi however, there was little real difference of opinion w«B decided to assume the charge of the bind offal by Government as a horticultural reserve. F trustees were appointed, and other business tis acted connected with this important matter. 1 reserve is nearly seventeen acres in extent, and 1 on the sloping banka of the Tarro wee, between I Gaol and the White Flat. From Mr Deputy-Registrar Poa ley's statistics the mouth of December we learn that the numbei births registered for that time waa 142, of which were of malea, and 61 of females, born in wedlo and 3 malea and 4 females illegitimate; (be num of still-born children being S. The number of des was 64, of which number 30 were of adulta, the mainder principally of children under eight yean age. The chief causes of death among the adi were phthisis and pneumonia. The causes death among the children were chiefly entes and. scarlatina. A few cases of înfan cholera were recorded. The number of bil for the corresponding month of the previ year was 152, or 10 more than regiatt during the last month. The number of deaths the same month was-74, or 10 more than tbe '. month. So that while the births show.adecreas 10, the deaths show a decrease of 10 also. The t number of vaccinations registered in Ballarat a thc passing of the Act 16 VÍCL, No. 26, ia 10,2 U an average of about 1100 per year. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce ' called for yesterday afternoon, but ss only the 1 sident and Secretary of the Chamber and one porter were present, there was no business done It seems that Mr A. Wattie, the Highland pi who baa so distinguished himself at the High] games both bore, and at Buninyong, waa burnt by ttie bush-fire that destroyed Hr IÑKe'a i mills, and is now in distress. The Buninyong H land .Society has come ,1b bia rescue, and purp on Friday <to-inoTrow) to give him a benefit at Oddfellows' B^l, Buninyong. WEI not bis brett in Ballarat do something to assist him? The melodrama ^Belphegor " WM reproduced eight at the Theatre Boyal/Thia is one o Dillon's best puts and he invariably : enlists sympathies of his audience th wein. The play capitally plaoed on the boards and was -well i ported. Thisovening * Othello " will be repel Mr Dillon taking.the part of Jopa, and. Mr Bt that of Odkik. ? The following is the Sydney team for the Ii colonial.Cricket Hatch:-Boas^ttarke, Di Docker, Gilbert, &. Gregory, 8. Jones, JAUH Hewcombe, ^Pairie. Thomson-: «nier£encyvj ' Boufe SBsn-Tiiaet a*ad«aine*»r anew Vjrj tobacco, WeU,#trange to say, lie feat pera« nave heard ol adlmgítmtbíaalBtrictw,* bred Federal, and proud of «he name; we meal óroa, of .Jted «beet, who sells ti» weed, same Bfttbstanding, jamd takes your money with greatest geo} tumor. The totaux» la certain! the first qaiSStj, awooiaaeurs apeaktagof it - pwfrôt «ptare. We would atior^ «comí] ant amttdjtg «ade« to s^veit»tli»b~4tv*t 