KOTES OF TUE SOCIETY OF ARTS' JiXlilBiriON.— No. 1W No. 125 is a sea piece that might of course do for almost any part of the coast in which there is a pile-jetty in the forctfrmmd and a headland in the distance. In this case, however, the vessel set on Her stern wttn bows Heaven-pointing, wnicn enters Into all views of Lowestoft, indicates that famous fishing town. If any one is particularly liable to that terrible mat de mcr we advise them nut to no too near or to lout; too ion;; or they thay suddenly feel as if the Institute wete drifting down ,thc gulf in a short chopping sea. The boat being hauied aloiij,' is very well dune indeed, as is the smack in raidwater. The whole keeping of the picture is good, and the distance is duly subordi nate to the main points of the picture witho. t being slurred. No. 1215. A neatly-painted scene from 'Walter Scott's 'Pirate.' Those familiar with the tale will remember the scene. Cleveland is evidently fascinating Minna and Uremia with his music, while Magnus Troil is in the background. Nos. 127, 134, and 137. Three admirable water colour landscapes, painted by the same artist as 119\. and-in the same style. 'with upaijue colour largely used. The lirst is a vie* nearLuss, over looking Loch Lomond; the second is a scene on the same lake, with the lovely Isle of Tarranach rearing its wooded crest above the waters: and the third, the Isle of Arrau at the mouth of the Clyde. This, though a pleasing and well-painted scene, vet fails to reproduce the frowning craga of Li oat Fell. The local colour U inexplicable when we think of the deep-toned tints and sombre masses of the rocky isle itself. No. 130 we are sure will please all parties Its tone isso bright ami sunny that the eye is attracts to it at once in preference to those pictures wlins* tone is heavier; and the whole scene is animated and cheerful. 'Boulogne Sands!' who does not remember your pleaiunt scenes, nnd the varied joyous groups ever to be met with on your v;ist expanse: mere is raccrramiius nimscii— me real Simon Pure— with his daughters about him. In front a group of French children are gathered. Perhaps the English party are trying their best '.Stratford atte iJow French, for most English men and women make their fir t bona fide effort to speak French in ISoulogue; and the young man is sketching the children and the fine group of lure-Ie^ed iishwouien ucyond. On the sands are seen the usual croups of donkey riders, shell-pickere, and various idlers. The Hotel des Bains, seen in the rear, with its many windows, will remind some of its endless items in the bill; while the Haute Viile strecclies away in the distance, and ihc Napoleon Column stands on the cliff top, white against the sky. ho. laJisoueof the same class mentioned be fore as factory picture.1*, anil has much of the still ness and hardness of the class in general. A lane near Dorking, with cottage, is the subject of the piece, and in the background the spectator can just nee the knack of the painter shown in the range of trees with gilded tips, which hg cannot omit. 'Tis evidently his favourite touch. No. 13d Iwlongs to a style of art altogether diffe rent. It is by Thomas \Vyck, a Dutch painter, of the date 1665, and reminds one of Claude's pic tures, but the tone is much heavier. . Still there is the general resemblance of a stately mansion of Italian architecture, with a colonnade and flight of steps leading down to the water, a barge waiting for the company which in brave attire and with much state is about to embark. Tue picture will renav insnectinn. No. 138 is an interesting coast scene, in which all the pains have been bestowed on the figures in the centre. The old fisherman, the grey horse, and dog are cleverly done. No. 143. The old Berkshire, in which some of the etfrly settlers came to this colony, is repre sented at anchor, probably in Holdfast Bay. She is in that state in which -i ship is least picturesque, being all straight lines', and the principal ones at ? right angles with each other. We also wonde whether her topmasts were really so very long. - No. 143, 5, arc two interesting oil sketches, called by the name of Morland. They are well worthy the attention of young artists, who arc generally ready to sacrifice everything to minute finish of subordinate parts. They both show how much may be effectively done by a free, bold iNos. 144 ana w. a stuuy ot trees ana a land scape. Both done by the same hand, and both worthy of notice. Nos. 146 and 148. A-'pair of Schramm's land scapes, with the usual characteristic of his mind an I hand. The one has a bush-fire atmosphere; the other an orient sky. On the piet between the windows will be found a collection of Chinese pictures of deeply interest ing character, both in themselves and on account of the place of production. Nos. 150, 152, 181, and lti-2 form a series of views of Chinese scenes. The painting is wonderfully sharp and minute ; and though in the matter of perspective immense improvement has been made among them, yet still they have something to learn. For instance, the '? City of Victoria, Hong kong,' is completely extinguished by the moun tain at the back ; and in all the backgrounds aie too prominent. ? Nos. 153 and its unnumbered fellow are scenes in Chinese gardens— |he real old-fashioned gardens that we gazed upon in our'childhcodoncupsand plate, and such occasional pictures as might have reached England in those days, and wondered whether the strange scenes could really belong to our planet. These gardens may have given the original idea to the artist of the willow-pattern plate. There are gaudilv-painted summer- houses as grotesque in foim as they are bright in eolour; there are the rectangular fish-ponds; there are the circular and octagonal doorways ; and there is the kind of dreamland that China has hitherto been to us. And just turn to that extraordinary portrait and you will see at once the sort of people you would expect to find in such gardens. We refer to No.160. It represents Howqua, a wealthy banker of Canton. It is wonderfully painted; but the face itself arrests the gaze. There is intelligence enough, but Btill it is different from ours. The man is even a gentleman, and the owner of such a head and face would claim and receive respectful attention in any civilized country; but how you look upon that shorn crown and that strange face as something passing strange. You would not cry Fan qui lo; but it is very foreign nevertheless. Query, has opium anything to do with that pecu liar eye! Ladies will be delighted with the exqui site embroidery on the banker's breast ami cuti's. Nos. 154 and 155 are oval-framed water pieces, with what we may take to be a passenger junk in thfffore and the Bogue Fort in the back ground of the first, and a woman's boat in the second. The thape of the frames causes a large amount of water to be seen in the foreground, which detracts somewhat from the keeping of the wholer The painting is very good. A numberof similar scenes by Chinese artists will repay examination. No. 172 is a very pretty landscape in oil, finished to a very high degree. No 171 An etching of forest scenery, by Ant Wate'rlo, which manifests the needle of a master in its execution, as well as the mind of a master 1 Nearer the door will be observed a series of crayon sketches, which aie b.th interesting and valuable, as being thoroughly Australian, and drawn by a bushman from nature. The scenes are chiefly Australian hunting pieces, as might be expected when a bushman paints con amore, re presenting the chase of the kangaroo, emu, and wild cattle, and other bush incidents, and, though not by any means perfect as works of art, have yet some admirable touches in them. 