MOUNT PLEASANT. fFrom our own Corresnondent. I Mount Pleasant, April 18. On Thursday morning a considerable amount of haze lying about the township made me for a while apprehensive that a lmsh-firc was close upon us, but I soon discovered that it was mer ' us, but I soon discovered that it was merely an ob scuration which .we hope will prove permanent, viz., the smoke arising from the Mount Pleasant, or rather the Totness Mill, where; : steam was being got up preparatory to the public opening which was to take place that day. The occasion was looked forward to with a great deal of interest, siuce it was universally felt that a work of great utility and convenience was about to be inaugu rated, and it was hoped that additional employ ment for labour and increased prosperity to the township would be the result. About 2 o'clock a large number of the principal settlers round Mount Pleasant and the Rhine began to assemble iu the mill, which was soon quite crowded with visitors, to most of whom the afi'air of the opening was not merely a matter of curiosity but of real serious importance. As many as could get in pressed into the engine-room, where the engine was started by Mr. Godlee, who has superintended its erection, and a bottle of wine having been broken upon it by Mr. Phillis, sen., it was set a going on its useful and I hope continuous work, amidst the cheers of the company, uuder the rather singular name of "Old Ned." After the conclusion of the proceedings the visitors employed themselves for some time In examining the several parts of the mill, and the process of grinding, &c.;, the moving macliinery appearing to possess great interest for the youngsters. X observed that not only; the shafts of the worm and dresser but the worm itself is composed of wood, aud that the rake-cooler is constructed on an American priuciple which is, I believe, a novelty in this colony. In the evening the affair was wound up by a dinner of the most ample and varied description, given by the proprietor, Mr. Giles, to his numerous iriends and well-wishers in the undertaking. It was held, for eonveniencelsake, in the new room of the Totness Hate!, where upwards of fifty guests were hospitably entertained. Mr. Melrose, J.P., occupied the chair, Mr. Forrest the vice-chair; and after the usual formal toasts had beeu disposed of and duly honoured, the Vice-Chairman proposed the " combined interests of the colony," which be said were too numerous to meution in detail, and he would confine himself to that in which he and most of the company were chiefly concerned, and on which many other interests depended—namely the agricultural. This, lie was sorry to say, was in a sinking condition, owing not only to bad crops and bad roads but to low prices, for which there seemed to be 110 remedy; although some advan tage might perhaps be looked for in the partial substitution of sheep for wheat-growing. Many fanners, indeed, were men unsuited for the occupation, and started without sufficient capital. The storekeepers gave long credit too easily, and the result was ruin to both parties. Still, bad as times were, an honest and industrious man could make a living, but without industry nothing could be done. Song, Mr. Maitland— Willie Brew'd a Peck o' Maut." Mr. S. Randall responded for the manufacturing interests of the colonv, especially that branch of manufacture with which that day's proceedings were connected. He hoped the time was coming when articles of home production would be greater in variety aud amount tlian at present. The colony seemed particularly adapted for the production of wine; cotton could probably be grown. The spinning and weaving of wool was talked of, and we might thus easily be indepen dent of several imported articles, and keep a large amount of monej- in the colony. Song, Sir. Daniel—" The Englishman." The Chairman pro posed the " Health of Mr. Giles, and success to the undertaking," He had great pleasure in wit nessing the progress of the work which had that day been brought to a successful issne. It had been long wanted. He had long wished to see it done, hut no one else had the spirit and enter prise for such an undertaking but Mr. Giles, who had punctually performed promises to the neighbourhood, < . and got it finished by the time he first named, in spite of the difficulties and delays incidental to an extensive work of that description. They had not only seen wheat ground for the first time in Mount Pteasant, but liad now the use of a steam flour-mill of the very best description, which would answer all the wants of the neighbourhood. The building reflected great credit upon the work men, hut the district was still more indebted to the manner in wliich the work had beeu undertaken and carried through by Mr. Giles. Song. "He's a jolly good fellow." Sir. Giles briefly responded. He would he brief because he would almost rather undertake the building of another mill than be called oh to respond at all; but lie sincerely thanked them for the hearty manner in which they had drunk his health, and hoped that while the mill remained in his own hands he would be found to act as manager to the satisfaction of the public. Song, Dr. Vonnida, "I have heard the Mavis Singing." "The Engineer and Workmen" was then given by Mr. Roberts, who said that the Chairman liad just anticipated him in some of his remarks, and he would simply say thatevery worlc mau in his place appeared to have done his part in a satisfactory manner, and that they had acquitted themselves like men. He only hoped they might be lucky enough for the future to have as good jobs, and to find so just and liberal an employer. Song, Mr. James. Mr. Hick, as the mason em ployed, in responding gave some explanation as to the chimney, which, he said, certainly looked too low in comparison with the rest of the building, and which he considered to be still in an unfinished condition, and to require raising 14 feet. Song, Mr. CockhilL " The Town and Trade of Mount Pieasant" was then given by the llev. J. A- Boake. He was happy to see the township improving as it certainly was, but it was desirable both to secure and extend its progress. It depended on agriculture, and although the neighbouring farmers were chiefly freeholders, ana therefore independent, they must expect then property to deteriorate if they pursued their present system of continuous wheat-growing and stubble-burning on the same land. As to the im provement of the township, it seemed that a new Oourt-House was about to be erected at Gumeracha, but he thought they might he content with the old one, and that the money would be better laid out in the increasing neighbourhood of Mount Pleasant. Gumeracha was too far off'. An Institute was also badly wanted. The world was advancing around them, and many young men were growing up in a state of ignorance, of which they would hereafter he asliamed. The way to give them a taste for reading was to provide some thing for them to read. The host of periodicals now so widely circulated were all the growth of the last 30 years, and began with the Penny Magazine. That literature had created readers, and the readers liad^called forth fresh literature, till the education of the whole English- speaking world had been elevated. The Illustrated Hors was in itself a great popular educator. Duet, piano and violin—Messrs. Daniel and Vonnida. Mr. Daniel, in responding to the last toast, expressed his feeling that the proceedings of that day would have a permanent influence on the prosperity of the township; but a near market for the wheat was still wanted, and he hoped that that would soon be found by the opening o! a direct road to the Murray. Song, Mr. Ellis, "Red, White and Blue." The health of Mrs. Giles to whose hospitable exertions the company liad been so much indebted, having been given by Mr. Phillis, it was followed bv a song from Mr. Maitland, "Robbie Thomson's Smithy." "The Poachers" was sung by Mr. James, and various other songs aud recitations, as well as instrumental music, were given. The party universally con fessed it to have been the best conducted affair of the sort that lias ever been given in Mount Pleasant. 