VOYAGE TO AUSTRALIA. It was on a lovely oftcrnoon in March, 1858, that tho first officer ou hoard tho screw steam ship pointed out to some of the pas sengers a faint streak on tho horizon, which, ho said, was land — Auttralia ! I need not say with what thankful hearts wo hailed tho intelligence, and hew soon tho deck waa crowded with tho bright, radiant faces of my fellow-voyagers, who wero all trying, soma' in vain (being either shortsighted, or not having sufficiently will trained sea eyes,) to discern the distant streuknndtogota first glimpse of tho Golden Land. Still, it wna witli mingled feelings of joy end regret that I found myself drawing near to the end of my voyage. In tho first place I felt joy at the idoa of so soon seeing my friends in the colony, and feeling myself onco-nioro on terra firms j but in tho next, I could not but regret that my " lifo ou tho ocoan wave" waa at an end. After a long illness of ssveral weeks, I had begun, within the last fortnight or so, to " walk the poop deck liko a thing of lifo I could gnzo boldly at the sea without feeling unutterable things, nnd could OTon sit down to dinner with something almost liko a ploasurablo sensation. -Soma of tho ladies on board had- acted tho port of Floronco Nightingalo' towards me, and nearly every passenger (there were sixty in tho saloon) had been not only polite, but beyond expression considerate and kind. Tho bravo captain und officers lind won the esteem of myself ns well as of nil on board, nnd had mado five hundred hearts " beat happily" — suoh perfect unanimity nnd satisfaction not hoing tho general rulo on board ship. And, therefore, under this pleasant combination of circumstances, I felt very much inclined to havo two or tlivoo weoks moro of this highly renovating life, for such it was just becoming to me. Before sunset wo could distinctly soo dry land, and very dry nnd barren it appeared to our English eyes, tlicro being only a great expanse of plain visible, and not any trees. "Oh, dear !" said ono yonng lady, " how very ugly is Australia !" " Do' not judge too hastily," said' another, rather satirically, "wait until you sos tho beautiful gum-trees to-morrow." This lady was returning to tho colony very much ngainst licr inclination, as aho moat cordially disliked it. That night wo saw tho bush-fires, symptomnlio of a. hot. wind on i land. Nearly all the passengers, excepting somo inveterate whist plnyors, were up ou deck. It was tho most exquisite evening I had experienced at sea; the air so balmy and fragrant that I remembered saying to tho good captain that I was sure I could smell lilies . nnd roses, tho odour of which somo beneficent fairy must have wafted over by way of welcoming ns to Australia j upon which he smiled, and made some pleasant speech to tho effect that all our paths were to ho strewn with rcses when we arrived in Melbourne. Tbo next day, about noon, wo steamed into Hobson's Bay. As wo had entered Port Phillip Heads, which are forty-firo miles from tho bay, a telegram had conveyed tho news of our arrival; and so "wo had no sooner cast anchor, than wo wore greeted by our several friends, which other wise could .not have been until tho following flnr rnuai. nnnin 1 lined vinBinnrrAfB wltnaa destination was some fifty or a hundred miles lip the country, were enabled, on arriving in Melbourne, to nllav, through the" telegraph in a few minutes,, tho fears and anxietie naturally felt by thoeo who havo relatives at sen. Whilst wo were seated nt an early dinner our friends nrrivod on board, somo of tliein heavily laden with choice fruits, and flowers. My earliest recollection of Hobson's Bay is tho fact of being compelled to devour a pear of extraordinary size before being allowed to speak; and also .of a lovely litllo fellow passenger, aged- four years, bringing mo an enchanting bouqnet of roses, mig nonette, nnd heliotrope, which tho had separ ated from a monster nosegay brought on board by her fnthor, After being accustomed to tho same sixty faces for two months, it was quite exciting, and nlmcst intimidating to see so great an influx ..of strangers in our saloon ; indeed, I may say, too, tho effect was quite dazzling, for nearly every gentleman was equipped from head to foot in pure,, unsullied white. At a first glance I thought thry looked like so many millers, but I afterwards changed my opinion of this costume, and found it to bo rather refreshing to t ho eye than other wise, on n ".hot-wind" day, and also that the ladies iu Melbourne looked upon it as quito. "dressy, and irresistible." A littlo sieamhont, called a lighter, which' ap peared to our enlarged minds a most contemp- tiblo cockleshell, and which could not keep steady for a moment, carried us waddling over to Sandridgo pier, and from thence wo were conveyed by train in ten minutes lo Melbourne. In scarcely more than half that time again, I found myself seated in a spacious nnd luxurious drawingroom, enjoying all the comforts of an English home. — Three I ears i it Melbourne.- By Clara Aspinall, USHERING IN THE NEW YEAR AT TALBOT. — At twelve o'clock on Wednesday night, or perhaps a few minutes later, some half-a-dozen bells commenced ringing furiously in Scandina- vian crescent, and as the majority of people were hardly prepared for this mode of ushering in the now year, an impression that some part of the town was on fire quickly arose. Imme- diately front doors were opened, and an excited rush into the streets would have followed, had not Mr. Lange's brass band made an appearance, playing " The last rose of sum- mer," and following it up with other equally interesting airs. This proved the keynote to the unusual hubbub in the streets, and half awakened people beginning to comprehend what it all meant, thanked their stars, no doubt, that the alarm had not arisen from fire, and speedily returned to their beds again. Meanwhile the bells had continued to ring, the brass band marching through the streets to play, about fifty or sixty people following it to cheer, and in this form the birth of the new year was welcomed. Overhead another sort of welcome was given to it in the shape of vivid lightning and sharp rolling thunder, and it may be said from the fact of an un- usually vivid flash and deep roll occurring as the olock indicated midnight, that the new year had a somewhat violent birth. It is to be hoped, however, that the old adage — "A bad beginning makes a good ending" — will be verified in this ease, or a stormy year is per- haps before us. The welcome over, the Peep- o'-Day boys began their pranks, and after daybreak some ludicrous sights met the view. Against the front of one drapery store in the Crescent stood a pile of packing cases and a heavy dray, before one hotel stood a barber's pole and other out- of-the-way appen- dages, whilst in other parts of the town evi- dence appeared showing that the Peep O' Day boys had been more than ordinarily busy during the night or morning. From the frequency of those pranks in Talbot, it may be inferred that they are exquisitely amusing to those who embark in them so vigorously. In addition to the above, many a sober man was peremptorily summoned from his bed to take "first footing" and what with the noise created by the Peep O' Day boys and those loud summonses at the doors, very few persons slept on the morning of the 1st instant. — Talbot Leader , 2nd Jan. Steaai Power Superseded nr a New Principle in Natural Law.— Mr. George Rydoll, of Castle street, Ilolborn, has invented and patented an apparatus which ho calls a wonderful mechanical appliance, and of which ho speaks whon ho declares to tho world that be has found out a mode of raising water from nn unlimited depth to an unlimited height, without being in the lesst dependent upon steam power, and go matter what tho quantity might be. He aacrts that although tho Great Eastern has a steam power of 3000 horses, ho can not only propel this monster vessel ovor tho Atlantic at tho speed it now travels by steam agency, but from cisterns of cold water ho can obtain oven a greater power than it now possesses, without using any coal for navigation purposes, thereby leaving 12,000 tons space open for additional cargo. — English Payer. 