. . NEST FS1DAX A.- HOLÍDÁX. ,',."'] EHR,--ine act or tue JtóuaTataud Burrumbeet Regatta taking place. on Friday, induces me to re mark tbat if a leading tradesman inll persevere ibis time, and trill canvas for signatures to close on that day, surely two or threfe influential gentlemen of the Club will consent to wait with him pu the leading firms, and by procuring a holiday, ensure' the regatta being a greater success even, than last year. The attraction offered will in 'any event render Fri day, never the busiest day of the week, still less so. Employers will be folly compensated for any lost in the gratitude of their employees, testified in their returning with renewed vigor, to their protracted labor on the Saturday fullowing. , OSE GOIKG Oox. 13th January. A DISOTSTINU CA6E -Another of those reyóifínj cases, unhappily too freOoent in this city, of criniius violence being- offered to children of teoder yean iras investigated at tbs East Collingwood - Polic Court yesterday, A roan named Thomas Wilson about thirty-five years of agc, and stated tb* be i rag- collector, was proved to have decoyed four littl girls by the offer of -money, to an' empty honse h Hood street, on Friday afternoon, and there car nally assaulted them. Only one case was prooeedec with, the others being temporarily withdrawn. Oi this the prisoner was committed for trial Tin medical evidence was given by af r Crook, and .wail not conclusive as to whether the prisoner effectec his purpose, though it showed that violence had been offered. The prisoner's conduct was discovered by the mother of one of the'ehiidrep. She misse« ber daughter, and searching for her, found her in thc house with the man and the three other girls. Argus, 14th January. THE WEATHER cr" MELBOUBNE.-Ail day yes terday was remarkable for the dead and oppressive heat, and the thick smoky haze which enveloped for many boars the metropolis and the suburbs. Io the afternoon the wind blew from the eastward, and the smoke and heat of a large bushfire in the direc tion of the Dandenong was blown over Melbourne, and completely obscured the horizon. The shipping in the bay rode lazily at their anchors, and the southern portion of the Fort Phillip waters was shrouded in a tltick fog. Towards evening the wind veered to the westward, and shortly before Seven o'clock a severe storm of lightning, thunder, and rain set in, and continued with more or less violence for some hours. Swanston street and Elizabeth street were completely flooded, and blocks of wood, tin cans, and various small articles of domestic use were carried down the stream to the river. Nume rous groups were collected at the corners of Bourke and Elizabeth streets, and Swanston street, sad the foot passengers were obliged to employ the services of the car driver^ eome of whom reaped a .goodly harvest The horses seemed quite to enjoy the change in the weather, and bore the rain as though: they felt refreshed by its cooling properties. A gust or wind would occasionally remove the hat of an un suspecting individual,- aod transfer it to the centre of. the current, and no small amusement was caused by the efforts ot the street boys to recover the fugitive property. In a few cases the boys were successful, and were rather exacting in their de mands upon the liberality of the owners.-Herald, I4tu January. TULLAROOP RACES. -It gives unfeigned pleasure to learn that measures have been taken to start the Tullaroop races this year on a liberal footing. The subscriptions in Carisbrook for one day alone exceed £70. A meeting is, we understand, intended shortly to be held, at which all the necessary preliminaries will be gone into,-stewards nominated, days fixed, and the basiness of the meeting generally arranged. We trust that now the project has started (of which we with many others began to have some fear), that activity and energy will be exercised, so as to render the Tullaroop meeting of 1863 more distin guished for success than any of its predecessors. The Carisbrook course is admirably adapted for the sport of racing, both for horses, trainers, and spec tators.-Af. and Ii. Advertiser, 14th January. TUE CHOP*-Notwithstanding the apprehensions formerly entertained that this year's crop would not be satisfactory, we are glad -to announce that Mr Jeremiah Coffey, who has aa extensive farm at Spring HilL expresses himself satisfied with the re sult of the harvest.-treswiek Advertiser. REAPIKO.-On Saturday last Mr John Richard son, of Bullarook, reaped with G arra t t's reaping machine (side delivery) drawn by three pairs of horses, from sunrise to sunset, fifteen acres of wheat in splendid condition. Last year the largest quan tity reaped on the same farm in one day WSB twelve acres. The difference is partly to be accounted for through more horses having been put on on this oe- j casion-Cresteick Advertiser. ROYAL GEOOBAFBICAL SOCIETY.-At a meeting of the above society (the first for the sea BOD) held at Burlington House, London, Sir R. Murchison, vice president, the subject waa conflocd to Australia and its explorers. Sir R. Murchison made the following remarks during bis address on the Burke and Wills exploration:-"That .the sodety were fully aware of the great merits of the late Mr Wills; that although the gold medal has been awarded to the family of Mr Burke, it was equally intended for Mr Wills, but having one medal only to bestow they could do no other than they had cone, as Mr Burke was the nominal leader. It was far from bis CSir R Murchison's) wish to depreciate the character of poor Burke, who. bad lost his life in the great work of being the first with Wills to cross the continent of Australia, yet to Mr Wills the highest honor was due (and this. feeling was that of all who were ac quainted with the matter) f sr being tte astronomer and topographer, be must consequently have been tlie guide to the party, and the society have decided to write to the father of the late Mr Wills to this effect." These remarks of Sir R. Murchison were received with cheers. -English taper. '_ 