??''?- ??TiOTORlAi'v';, -;'lKj;:?, ' The 'remain* of Burke and Wills were deposited' iri'the ;rrietal shells, ;6r' Inner coffin's, prer^ared^ for the? purpose^ lasi eyening, at 'the'; Royal ,£ociety'& Hall, in the/presence of 8ev,eraL memberSi of ^the Exploration commirtee.Mr. Howitt and!h:is;partyr and a number of 'gentlemen (including. Mr. 'Ky^te, ?:* -tan .»u» \\*~A' Vtpon invltprl , to Attend. Dr«. Eades, who was. called upon to preside orer the, cere- mony, said he considered, the most 'fining1 'ways to- perform the mournfui duty now devolving. ur|oni them— -the duty of depositing bones,, whfc'h.'he lield to be sacred, in the coffins prepared for themV^was. quietly and silently,- without display or demonstra tion of any. kind. . Mr.. Howitt expressed his belief that the -whole ;©f the remains which he found on his first journey to Cooper's Creek were now in the possession V the Exploration Co,mmittee;_and- that,, if any were missing, they were, missing (.when-, he first ascertained the fate of Burke, and Wills., ,. The .chest, was opened, and disclosed two packages/care fully sewn up. The. one contained the remains of Bukre, the other : held the , bones of Wills.;, ,- ^be relics were then transferred to the coffins, the task of placing the bones in' proper position., being per foniied by Dr. Wheeler, the medical superintendent of Mr. Howitt's expeditian. The hands and feet of Baurke, and the skull and a portion of. the feef of; Wills were missing. The shirt in which Wills died accompanied the remains, and was deposited wfitb ♦hem in the coflin. . A winding sheet, from ,;the linen-chest of the Burke family; was produced, by '??Mrs.-Ppgher»y (Burke's nurse), who was present^ and wrapped aiiuuu iut;uuu» «? *««v ??»t.»i»i.km -ca.» plorer. 'The coffins, which are of mediieval 'pattern^ kye a slide at the. head, covering, ,pla?e glass^ through which the remains can be seen. The cere ?mony occupied less than, half an-hour. The 'lying- in state' will commence, on Monday nextiii The interior of the Royal. Society's hall has undergone elaborae decoration for the .mournful pageant. ^Ia the centre is a handsome catafalque, approached o» each side by a flight of five steps, and. surmounted by a canopy, the four supports of which. ^represent palm trees. The sides of the hall are drapped with black cloth and crape. The; middle parinel in each/ wall is filled up by a larpe Maltese cross, ^nd or* I either side are displayed plumes, wreaths.and' other funeral embltms. To provide fdr; any S* rush', or*. the part of the public, the doors for entrance und exit will be distisct.— Argus, January 1st.- : ? The old year has signalized its departure from usiby a 'hiickfielder,' ihe intensity of whichChas hAPriuneaualled on this gold field for some years.. Clouds of dust were. flying about ou Wednesday in- all directions, threatening to smother the unfortu nates who were obliged to brave the ,fury of j the 8'orm, and occasionally it was impossible to perceive objects only a few yaids distant; and ..toenrake matters worse.bush fires were raging in all directions, some- of. ; them -rather- extensive, judging from; the longilineot smoke that darkened tbe horizon. ! An extensive bush-fire was raging, we understand, ia the vicinity of Meredith, but whether it: did any damage beyond the burning of the bush we did not acertain. 'In the direciioa ef the Springs, a bush fire was blazing fiercely. A mounted trooper was despatched' to the locality, and on his return he I reported that the' fire was burning in the ranges, Sulky Gully way. Fires were also visible in: the direction of Warrenheip, but they did not appear to be- of ! a iormiuaoie nature, wui uuireapuuuein, writing from Smythesdale, states :: that : the bush fire in the- vicinity of Black Hill was still raging, and' had completely destroyed the engine house and blacksmith's shop belonging to the United Australian Company. Fires also broke out in,, the vicinity of . Happy, Vale, Ettrick ^Shepherd, .Linton, '' Devil's Kitchen, and Pitfield ; ,and we learn that several houses, tents, and bark huts have been destroyed. In the neighbourhood, of. Mount I Beckwith and M'Cullum's Creek, there were also large bush- fires, which did an immense deal of .damage. At Smythesdale. the, thermometer, was 'l48.1deg. in the sun, 119Jdeg. in the shade; and in 1 \i-» 'i'i i Ii._ u,*«t «»ne /^iii'illtr intpnRp. TThp wind. jSilliarai -.lllc iica. n«» . -jj»'/| '??''»-? T''~ ?;?-?-» about mic!- day, .blew, down the wooden, buildings oil the leserve in Lydiard-street, in front of the railway. This erection; has heretofore .withstood, most successfully, the power of the resdent commissioner of Crown lands to remove it ; but it has at iast;suc cumbed to the- pewer of .rude. Boreas. Soon after seven p.m., the wind chopped round to! the spuih ward,1 and the effect produced was rema»kab(le, if not unprecedented. ' In a few minutes dense volumes of smoks 'rolled over the toyrn from the 'quarter the wind had changed, to, and; the whole town, rapidly grew daik, the entire horizon was butied in impenetrable gloom, arid new chums would posfibly ftai the end oi the «orld was coming w.ith the end of they«iir. The aspect of. tH,e heavens Was 'a sToiig: reminder ot ' Blade: Thursday' phenomena, and here and mere new comers ,ifng»* have bten cbserVed turning out of doois .'tojgaae, Wponthe— to them— wondeilul appearance sf things. In 'a little while' the air, from the southward/ grew 'clearer and cooltr, and' occasional thunder, was heard.1 In the' evening rain, till heavily, but.for ft siiort time, and the threatened storm -seemed J.ikely ?'WpaWaway, About midnight, hoWeUr,,the light ning' b'. came more vivid ami the thunder louder, 'and there seemed every probability. of a heavy fall ' ' f' i ain before morning. Gentlemen who have been I resident in India asseil thut ihe heat and dust re [ 'minded then: of the 'sitortch'ng winds that prevail m I tl.e iioi th- western provinces oi India during the V mouths of Ap-il and .\\!ay.-'/?u//«ra' Star,i*u. 1. 