NEW ZEALAND. TBF. I. R. M. Co.'s Bteamer Claud Hnmilton brings Auckland papers to the 2nd instant. Writing for the English March mail, thî Daily Southern Cross thus summarises the events of the month of February ¡-Since the date of our last sum msry for Eure-pe, few events of consequence in re- lation to native affairs have transpired. The Maori King, and his chief support, William Thompson, have written to the Southern triben telling them to give up possession of the Tataraimaka block, which is claimed frcm us by conquest ; but they are powerless to enforce their order, es it seems the Ngatiruanuia declare that they will cede the conquered territory only when they are unable to hold it. His Excellency the Governor, attended by the Colonial Secretary and the native Minister, is about to visit Taranaki, when doubtless au interview will be had with the natives, and an endeavour made to recover, by peaceable means, the block of land in question. We cannot nnticipite the resu't of the Governor's visit, but we do exprets the hope that it moy be succc-sful, and that the settlers of Taranaki may have a chance of retrieving their lost portion. A lew days ago the Superintendent of Taraniki province had en interview with »he Government, and brought the condition of the settlers before the colonial authorities ; and we presume the pronvsed visit of his Excellency is in some way connected with that inter- view. It is noticeabl« that up to this time, the Governor has not visited Taranaki. A memorial from the Taranaki settlers to the Queen, goes home by the mail ; and we hope the simple state- ment of the sufferings which they have undergone, will induce the Imperial authorities toassist the colony in restoring them to something like their fornvr condition. While the natives are allowed to hold the I lands belonging to the settlement, and prevent its cul tivntiin, there aro between 300 and 400 Europeans in New Plymouth, subsisting on public charity, at an expense to the colcny of £75 weekly. The winter is coming on, and the necessity for relief will become gi eater, unless the settlers are reinstated on their farms. There is another alternative-to abandon the settlement, if the reinstatement cannot be peaceably effected, and remove the white population of all ag^s to se me other province; but such a course is repug- nant to every notion of honour, and would be a suicidal line of policy to adopt. It is manifest, how- ever, ihat the colonial funds cannot continue ta be ex- pended in giving out-door relief to hundreds of persons, while so great a demand exists for useful Kbiur in the colony. For these leasuns, and seeing thu we bave tight and justice on our side, we hope his Excellency will succeed in convincing the Ngatiruauui and Taranaki tribes that their best couise will be io allow the settlers to return to their firms. So far us the " King movement" is concerned, thcre is no abatement to be noted in the zeal of the pro- moters of Maori nationality, but it does not come so prominently before us as formerly. The Waikato tribes nreveiy nearly destitute of food and clothing. We make the following extract from a " Report on the Waikato District," written expressly for the Daily Southern Cross, but which we have hitherto been un- ' Bble to publish, to show the actual condition of the natives:-"The general condition of the Waikato at the present time, resembles in many out- ward respects the distressed cotton districts of England. The causes, of course, are wholly different. The distrust of Government, now amounting to an ill disguised and braggart fear, which has permeated the mind of Waikato ever since, in 1860, its over-zealous brotherly love despatched its legions to Wait ira and u fate of dubious glory, has had the melancholy effect , of paralysing those habits of industry, for which the Waikato tribes had, beyond their fellows, becone . conspicuous. * * * The natives of Waikato used, in former years, to be large growers of wheat, which, according as the market suited, they either disposed of ' in the grain, or had ground in their own mills, which are now, to the number of seventeen, scattere 1 | throughout the district. But now the wheat grown is of very limited extent indeed. I was informed by one of the largest consumtrs that before the ' winter was over he would have to import flour from Auckland. Only a very few, probably not more than two or three, of their mills are in working order, and although there are funds on hand for the repair of some others of tbero, there is small encou- ragement to lay out money, because of the limited supply of grist there is to come to them. The natives seem in general very poorly clothed, and instead of the hearty and hospitable people of five cr six years ago, they are impudent and quarrelsome, and are to be seen begging on the road for a piece of tobacco. They have in some places resumed thsir old and £11 remuneiated occupation of scraping flax, in order to raise a litile ready money to supply their wants." Such is the social condition of the natives in the heart f'fMaoridom. Tbey are evidently lapsing into bar- barism instead of progressing as a people, and the cer- tain result of their policy of isolation will be to lead to their final extinction." About thirty of the bodies lost in the wreck of the Orpheus have been found and buried. An inquest was held on the body of John Pascoe, boatswain'« mate. Tuesday, the 17th of February, was observed as a day of mourning, by order of the Superintendent, and every place of public worsh;p in the city was opened for Divine service. Collections were made for the relief of the widows and orphans of the men who lest their lives on the 7th, at Manukau, and we may add, that a fund for that purpose is being raised. The Government offices were closed, and business gene- rally suspended in the city. Psscoe's body was buried wiih military honours. The body of Commo- dore Burnett, C.B.,havirJg been recoveted, was brouzht to Auckland, and publicly interred on the 24th, with the honouis due to a Brigadier-General. The budy ol' the Rev. Mr. Hazlewood has tince been i'jimd and in teired. A searching inquiry into the particulars of this wreck has been instituted to ascertain where blame lies. Steps had been taken before the calamity to have the south channel buoyed, but not in time ; and we believe the signal station at the heads will be connected with Auckland by telegraph. The want of a telegraph station has become apparent, owing to the wreck of the Orpheus, end we hope to see it esta- blished. At the same time we must add, that no one could have supposed such a large ship as the Orpheus would have attempted the Manukau bar, more espe c'illy as those having the command were strangers to thp barbour. There is no more acceptable- harbour in the Pacific than Auckland, end if large ships ol' war i confined themselves to the Waitemata, there would bo little likelihood of any misfortune occurring. The Provincial Council met on the 29th, and have been engaged in business since. The Government introduced a half-million loan bill, which pusse-1 its second reading on Thursday night last. The proposi- ta n is to consolidate the deb's owing by the Province and public trusts, amounting in all to £85,000, and to give one uniform securi'y-the Provincial revenue. The Province would then become the creditor of the trusts, and would make advance?, under Act for spéci- fie d amounts, for the construction of useful puhlic works. So also in regard to out-districts, security would be had by the Province on the local rates, powir being taken to levy rates under the Acts authoriuing the dUtrict loans. It is likewise proposed, to be prepared to expend £200,000 in the purchase of native landB ana lor the pro- motion of immigration; and to expend £70,000 in. the erection of public offices und bu'ldings. By the expenditure of a large sum of money in the pur- chase of native lands, when they come into toe market, end the introduction of population, the Pro- vince will be adding immensely to its wealth, and piomoting the peaceful settlement of the country. Law and order will be established, and property in general largely increased in value. The progrets cf Coromandel has been slow, for several reasons. The main reason is the superior attractiens of the a'luvial diggings of Otago ; but another cause is the difficulties m the way of pro- specting, owing to the deep sinking necees iry, and a constant expenditure of capital. At the present time there cannot be lees than £30,000 to £40,000 invested in Coromandel, and those claims which have struck ? psying (¡tone prove that the prize to be gained is un<^ usually great. When 107 lbs. of quartz yield 260 ozs. - 15 dwt?. ot gold-dust, there is litt'e doubt but the invested capital will yet become very remunerative to the shareholders. The census returns that have been published show the rapid progress the colony mude up to the end of 1861, but the next triennial census will demonstrate a. more extraordinary development than has occurred ia &ny; other country save California and the gold re¿ioni ot Australia. The southern provincis are generally .proeperous. The out-settlements of Auckland are, as a whole, steadily advancing in material wealth and , influence. The mineral resources of our province are being manifested, especially coal and gold. Our timber ti ade is likewiee being extended. The health of the community is in general good. Rain has fallen copiously three evenings of the pre- . stnt week, and was mosr. welcome, owing co the long protracted drought. Bush-fires have been very , numerous of late. ? We suffer drawbacks owing to the unsatisfactory state of our present postal arrangements, and can. hardly expect to take our right position until the Paiuma route his been established. The troops are stationed as hitherto at the cimp» , ' Otahuhu, Point Chevalier, the Queen's Redoub:, and in gan ison at Auckland. H.M.s.s. Harrier, com- mander Sullivan, is in the Manukau, and will go to> Taranaki with the Governor. The health of the trcopsis good. 