. GENERAL NEWS. OpnuRiOHis-Two remarkably rioH »proimeni of auriferous quarts, associated with a reddish bro-n ttrth. were shown at our office on Monday last Thev were ob- tained from a phice about 15 miles from »'phir in the direction of Stoney Creek. They were very aimilar to the stones shown us about a fortnight ago, which wera brought np from the Napoleon Reef, near the Winburn- dale, some 12 mile» from town. The spot from which the stones were taken was described by the person in possession aa being a vein-not a reef. Other v- ins had been discovered in the same neighbourhood, whioh it wai said were equally rich. The shaft from which (ho specimens were obtained was abont 16 feet deer», but gold was found all the way down from the i-nrfaea. lhere are about loo persons at work. Four claim. have been properly marked off. and sangn ne hopes are I entertained for the sucoeBB of the diaoovory. As mnoh as £130 baa been offered for a half-fourth »hare in one of ihe olaims -Bathurst Frre Press, Nov 4. ENCOUNTER WITH A OIQAHTIO OLB MAU KOOAROO - As John Thomas Patterson, of Sngsr-loif Fiat, 'I»rio, was proceeding on horseback through the bush in the vicinity of his residenoeon Sunday ast, b« was allia ted by the yelping of three or four of bis dogs near to a thick piece ot brushwood, and riding np, he name upon them attacking an immense old man kangaroo One of the do^s was already dead, rent asander by the claws of the monster, and two ot hers were alto wounded, and wera still tackling it No sooner did the kangaroo eapy Patterson than it jumped at him and threw ils ton paws round the horse's neck. Fortunately the youth bud a loaded pistol with him, which he drew ard fired, the ball striking the kangaroo on the left shou der, and psuing outthrougb its hack. By this means one of tho animal's paws was disabled, but with the other it showed fight, and Patterson being unable tomskeanj impreision on his assailant with the blows of the pistul, for he had not another charge, endeavoured to got the stump out of the spring-bar, so as to use it at the end i f the leather as a weapon. WhiUt doing this tho kmgaroo with ÜB undisabled paw slightly wounded his hand. At length Patterson got the Bliriup-liather loose, and hitting the animal on the temple with all his force, he buooseded in stunning it. With several other well-directed blows he succeeded in killing it. The kangaroo was of enormous size, measuring no less than 9 feet 6 tnohes from the tip of its tail to ii s e»rs. The tail itself measured 15J ¡nobes round at tho butt, and the skin and tail weighed 29llbs When »ittini» on ' its hannohes the animal was fully 7 feet in height. Goulburn Chronicle, Nov. 4. DARLINOHUHST GAOL-We understand that Mr. William Burgess has been appointed to the office of scloolmss er, at Darlinghnrst gaol, in the place of Mr. John Davis.-Fmpire, Aov 5. SOUTIIBBN GOLD-FIELDS FLECTION.-Fpeaking of Mr. Cooper's candidature tor this constituency, the Goulburn Herald toys:-It is stated that, after »II that has been said to the contrary, this gentlemans chances of mocees nre rot so very forlorn, as it is generally expeoted that the lower class among the diggers will generally support . bira. MORE BUSBRANGIKO -A correspondent, writing from Gundaroo Ptoper on the 2nd November, sa)*:-On Friday last, about five o'clock p m., the store of Mr. Margules, at Brooks Creek diggings, ' was stock np by two aimed bushrangers. The miscreants, after securing Mr. Ulai gules by tieipg his hands,robbed him of £8 in ensb, a taJdle, and bridle, and martingale; after which they made their way_ to Gundaroo, and Btuck up the store of Mr Fraser, taking from him £6 in cash, and goods to the amount of £5 10a. 9d. 1 hey then proceeded to Mr, Edgar'*, but " found no cash there, but were satisfied by calling fora few rounds of nobblers and a bot ile of brandy, for which they forgot to pay. They bad a third oompat ion on foot, the other two being mounted on good horses. At tho inn, however, they took possession of a splendid nsimal, suddle and bridle, the property of Mr. Lee. The third party, a'tbouçh bnkeptin the back ground, is woll ki.own, having left the Brook's Creek diggings an hour before his companions, he being on loot and haning in his ponsession a revolver. His name isCbailes Jones, and he is well known in the neighbourhood, haying been on Brook's Creek some twelve months. He is supposed to have gone to the Lambing Flat, having a sister residing there. Another of the party, William Dickem on, is also well known here, being a resident at Gundaroo for some time. The third ai d leader of the gang, a deteimined looking villain, is quite a stranger, 'ihoy are all «op- posed to have gone in the dirtotion of Lambing Flat. The Gundaroo and Queanbeyan police, also hoveral in- habitants, are scouring tbo country around, end as Jones and' Dickenson are woll known to the parties in s arch, I trust to hear of their speedy capture.- Goulburn ' Chronicle, Nov 4. [We understand that the som* gang stuck up a Mr. Grogan on Saturday, at his residence, Limestone Creek, between Yass and Bowning, but we have not heard what they look fiom him -Id, Q. 0.} SMALL-BORE RIFLE CLUB.-An adjourned meeting of those gentlemen interested in small bore rifle shooting was held at the Volunteer ( ffice yeBterdar evening. A list of tie names of those who bad signified their inten- tion of joining the club was made up, and it was found that the members would number onwards of tfa.rty. The 'committee consists of Captain Windeyer, Coptnin Fair- fax, Lieutenant Richards (treasurer and secretary), Sergennt Strong, and Trooper Hordern 'Ihe opening match has heen arranged to take place on the 21st inatiint.-Herald, Aov. 5. THE "OLD HALF HUNDRRD."-Our telegram recently announced that tbe splendid troop ship Himalaya had arrived at Melbourne, from Ceylon, en route to New Zealand, having on board H. M. 50th Regiment of Foot, intended for service in the Maori war. Colonistsofsome years' experience will remember this corps, which was long quartered in Sidney; and the name of the com- manding officer, Colonel Waddy, may reoal many an act of daring and clever capture of bushrangers, which our present polioe would do well to emulate. Some twenty years ago Colonel, then Lieutenant Waddy, held a com- mission in the military monnted pol i re, whioh was at that time so effective in suppressing tbe ontrages of run- away conviots in the bush. He waB distinguished as a most skilful and fearless horseman, and his nemo was a terror to bush marauders. If memory Berves us cor- rectly, this officer bad not, risen beyond the command of his company when the Crimean war broke out, and the regiment was called upon to take its share in the active operations before Sebastopol. Hera the gallant 50th highly distinguished itself; but so great was the havoo made by the enemy in the ranks of the officers, that the farmer Lieutenant Waddy, of the mounted police, came out of the war a Lieutenant Colonel, and in command of his regiment. He is now abont to lead the 50th against the insurgent Maories-a service no doubt more dis- tasteful than the campaign against Russia, but one in whioh it cannot be doubted that the regiment and its commander will maintain their old reputation.-hmpire,' November 5. BURNED OUT.'-On last Thursday night the dwelling* home of Mr. Alexander Gordon, of fountaindale, near Jamberoo, waB accidentally buint to the ground. Mr. and Mrs. Gordon were from home at the time of tho accident, and the only person in the house was a little gill of about eleven years, adaughterof Mr. John Biod ney, of Jameroo, and she, poor creature, was burned to a cinder. How the fire toon placo no one seems to know« It is, however, thought that the unfortunate girl on going to bed must have lighted something with her candle in the bedroom, whioh kept smouldering nntil she had gone to Bleep, and then burst forth into a de- structive flame. Mr. Gordon's servant man had gone to sloop in a detached room, and about twelve o'olook he awoke from the light and heat which came through the split B of the wall of his room. On looking out he saw the bedroom end of the house, where the girlwas, all in flames. The part then on fire was to the windward of the building, and ' the most distant from tho kitohen, where there was a small fire covered up with ashes before.bed- time. The loss occasioned by this burning out lo Mr. Gordon is very great All this house- hold things, nearly all his wearing apparel, and same flour, tea, und sugar, of which things he had just laid in a fair supply was totally consumed. On Friday an in- quest waB held by the toronor, li. B. Fry, Eiq , on the remains of the girl which were immédiat« 1) after the in- quest taken for burial to Jamberoo. On last Friday there were either three or four settlers on Mr. 0.bomb's land near Jamberroo burned out. The day was wann, and tho wind boisterous, nnd it wasconsequontly a difficult thing to put ou', a bushfire. So stioug was the wind that mBny heavy trees were blown down through the country near Kinma, and some of the roofing taken off several farm bouses. Amongst those who bad everything burned are Robert Soott and Cornelius Keefo. Keelo carried hil things out of his house that he might savo them from the running fire which he expeoted to reach the house, but strange to say tis house et>cnpi!d, and his things were all burned.- Correspondent of Illawarra Mercura Nov. 3. _ BLTBROTUAL OF A SEBF IN RUSSIA-After a few preliminaries ore of the men advanced, load- ing out one of the women. After go ng thiaugh several cereciiions steps and figures, he presented ber with a nmidkuichief, kissed her three times, and returned' her to her place. This woman noa the mother of one of the younger ones in tbociicle, and she hod received the handkeicjief, and had not objeoted ostensibly to the kisses, the mun was emboldened to lead out the daughter. The couple then went through many steps and captivating figures, now advancing and then bashfully retiring At last the man dropped tho fatal handkerchief whioli was to decide his lot, aud ol' courso, the girl, like moat others girls in all other paits of the norld, seeking on estab- lishment of their own, pioktd it up quiikly and pre- sented it to her fu'ure caro sposo, wherenpon the kissing, that pleasant heart's language of all countries, was very liberally, and this time more ardently, admin- istered to the young lady, who, 1 must say, received and returned it in u very generous spirit, notwithstanding tho publioity of the locale. And so the betrothal of this couple was completed. A liberal distribution of »hiakoy all round by our kind-hearted hohtess Beemed to be es much relished by the danoers as the kissing had been by tho select few, and so that ceremony was finUhed. Moore's Visit to Russia. 