VICTORIA. By the Wonga Wonga we received Victoria papers to the 22od instant. The telegrams had anticipated everything of particoiar interest which they contain. Victoria Emigrants' Assistance Society.— By the last mail, information was received that subscriptions to the amount of £5,103 17s. had been paid in to this Society between the 18th of March and 14th of Slay.—Argus, July 22. Victoria Insurance Company.—The fourth annual meeting of this Company was held at the offices, Collins-street, on the 21st July. The report stated that the life branch continues to make favourable progress, and that the general business is on a satisfactory footing. The Company has, with its paid up capital, £40,000 intact, a balance to the credit of profit and loss, £12,815 4s. 9d. The St. Patrick's College.—Mr. T. P. Hill, Professor of Elocution, has published a corres pondence by which it appears that an undisputed claim by him as a creditor of the St. Patrick's College was ignored in consequence of his having refused to sign an apology to the B. C. Bishop. Mr. Hill states that fie is not aware of having said or written anything for which he ought to be called on to apologize, and declares himself con tent with giving publicity to his correspondence. Pipe Barley.—An informant states that last week he saw, whilst journeying amongst the farms in the parish of Spring Hill, from one to two acres of barley nearly ripe—an unprecedented state; of crop at this time of the year, but doubtless owing to the favourable weather last autumn, and the mild temperature of the present winter.—Cres ■wiek Advertiser, July 20. Gum Trees Dting Out.—The Hamilton Spec tator describes a singular mortality among the gum-trees on a tract upwards of 20 miles long, including every variety of soil. It has been sug gested that bush-fires had something to do with the matter, but whatever the cause, it has had the same fatal effect upon the blackwood, cherry, honeysuckle, and other timber-trees of the dis trict. The brig Western Star, Alfred Webb, com mander, bound from Newcastle, N.S.W., for Wal- . laroo, S.A., with cargo of coals, arrived in Hobson's ' Bay yesterday, having been obliged to put back in consequence of damage received during the hurri- ' cane off" Cape Otway on the 6th instant. Captain Webb reports having left Newcastle, N.S.W., on the 18th ult., with strong N.W. breeze, which in creased as he entered the Straits. On the 6th inst., when off Cape Otway, during the fearful gale which prevailed, she was struck by a'heavy sea, which washed the binnacle overboard, started the covering-boards, stanchions, and bulwarks, and did other damage; she also split close-reefed main topsail and topmast-staysail. On the following day, the gale still continuing and the vessel labouring heavilj\ he was obliged to throw over board aportion of cargo. Then bore up for Port FhillipHeads, which she reached at 4 p.m., arriving 1 iu the Bay the same night.— Argus, July 9. 