WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1863. The state of the country at this moment offers the strongest proof that one of its first necessities is extensive supplies of water. The winter was severe, but it was not of long dura- tion. The spring was unusually dry, and the heat set in early. Though the season, as a whole, was mild, the rivers became dried up before the usual period at which they cease to flow. The swamps early shrank into mud, and the small reservoirs constructed by the miners long ago ceased to afford supplies. The grass.iii carne parched and dry, tho corn ripened fast, but short in the straw, and the extremo ¿ont experienced a few days ago has literally flot the country on fire'. From the Murray to the sea, the cry is the same. Bush-fires rage on, every hand. More than one municipality has been scourged by fire. Tho slightest spark has been sufficient to set the tinder- like grass and the ungathered corn in flames. Acres upon acres of 'crop, and miles of fencing, farm- houses, stations, inns, «fee., have been burned down. In tile plains of the noi th the cattle are perishing in hun- dreds for want of water. Throughout the whole of the country, with the excep- tion of Melbourne, the precious liquid has to be carted for domestic use from springs anti water-holes, often at long distances. Sandhurst has partially escaped the infliction, the Bendigo Waterworks Company having at last found themselves in a position to favour the householders with a moderate supply. But there is not, in this respect, a second Sandhurst in the colony, and while sufficient quantities of water aro obtained with difficulty for household purposes, the alluvial miners (excepting in the deep claims of Ballarat) are everywhere compelled to suspend their labours. Without water gold can- not bo washed out of the earth, and the protracted drought of the season has long ago exhausted that meagre portion of the winter's flood the diggers were enabled to save in their small and too often ill-constructed reservoirs. The whole country indeed suffers, and diggers and fanners and owners of herds are alike punished by the neglect of this import- ant subject. It is impossible to travel along any of the main lines of road without feeling that farther postponement of the ques- tion of water supply will be a fatal blunder. Railways and roads, import- ant as they are, are not so urgently re- quired as extensive, ample, and widely distributed supplies of water, both for tlio purposes of gold-mining and irri- gation. We may leave the inhabitants of municipalities, for the present at least, to find their own supplies. Such a burden may fairly be laid upon them, and if they co-operate to provide muni- cipal reservoirs, or to establish public fountains by carrying doini well- shafts to the necessary depth, they will only be following the example set to them by the corporations of the mother country nges ago. With bush fires raging on all sides, miners everywhere conipul&orily; idle, cattle perishing of thirst, the corn crops prematurely ripened, not a blade of grass left for cattle or sheep in the second week of January, and the prospect of weeks of the hottest weather before us ere the first of the annual autumnal rains can be hoped for, it will not do to sit with folded hands and cry out against the season. The evils we are now suffering are annual, but accident has painfully exagge- rated them this season. The constancy of 'their occurrence, unfortunately, is a proof that we cannot hope for their ces- sation or mitigation unless by the means we may use. If we arc content to for get_the ills we have endured, when the first shower of the April rains falls, the loss and injury from which the colony is now suttcring will continue to be annual. We shall see the crops of the industrious settler destroyed year after year, and the gold that should have found its way into commerce to stimulate trade, will remain in the earth, while the miner wastes the earnings of the winter in vegetating through the unproductive summer. These losses, however, are not to the individual sufferers alone. They aro so much of the capital stock of the country wasted, and if they were reckoned up it would be found that the colony annually loses through a deficiency of water supply not far short of a sum that would suffipe to cover the country with artificial.dalcos and rivers. ' . It is admitted that there need .be.no scarcity of water in the hottest of our summers. It is only necessary that the proper means should bo taken to save it. Winter brings rain enough to furbish water all the year round, if it wore stored for distribution when tho streams of .the natural water-courses cease to flow. On. 1 the driest plains, it can be obtained in large quantities by wells being sunk. It becomes the duty of tho Government, therefore, to take this work in hand, and submit to the country an exhaustive scheme. No reasonable cost will be grudged by the colony to save it in after years from the losses and suffer- ings of the present and past summers." To what better purpose could a share of the land revenue bo applied 1 It is ¡Droposed to spend something bite a half, of that large fund on local improve- ments. Surely water for mining, and irrigation and farm purposes generally, it not tor domestic and sanitary uses, is as nnportant as roads in a country where the bush tracks are often-better than the made lines. Before the distribution of this local improvement portion of the land revenue is made final by the District Councils Bill, tliis subject should bo seriously discussed both in and out of Parliament. Tho pressing importance and universality of the want is admitted, and if the necessary funds 'caii bo obtained from the source indicated, itIwill be unnecessary to burden the state with the debt Mr. Francis some- time ago proposed to incur for the creation of reservoirs and distributing canals, wliilo the money in hand would enable the work to bo undertaken on the largest scalo as soon as plans could be pre- pared. An embarrassing compliment has been paid to our Sovereign and to our country by the election of Prince Alfred to tlic throne of Greece. There is nd,ïovolier country in Europe than this classic1 land ; there are few more despicable races than the degenerate people who inhabit it. While | other nations have advanced in civiliza- tion, Greeco has lapsed into a condition of semi-barbarism. The name of Greek has become a synonym for low cunning, "astute selfishness, treachery, and fraud. The country which produced hciocs and demigods, which was the cradle of art, tho homo of the muses, and the Great Britain of the Mediterranean, has be- come tlio haunt of pirates, the refuge of an abject superstition, the abode of jicdlars, and tlio hiding placo of banditti. All its glory and its greatness are in the past ; -there is nothing but abasement in the i present, and very slight hope for the future. Of, the original attributes of its people, two only remain, their phy sica! beauty and their intellectual sub-1 tlety. The descendants of Aeistides arc systematically unjust, and the countrymen of Thejiistocles exhibit their courage chiefly as footpads. " Thoy " are plausible rascals," say3 Lord Byron, " with all tho Turldsh vices, without " their courage." Few men have been more strongly prepossessed in their favour than the noble poet was, few saw them under more favourable circumstances for forming an accurate judgement of them, few were more thoroughly or cruelly un- deceived as to their real character. " We " carne," said Colonel Napier, " expect " ing to find the Peloponnesus filled with " P lut arch's men, and we returned " tliinking the inhabitants of Newgate " more moral." The decadence of the Greeks is, indeed, one of the most melancholy facts in the history of the world. They are surrounded by every object that is calculated to sustain their self-respect, to stimulate their pride, to arouse tbeir patriotism, and to incite them to emulate the renown of their forefathers. Tlieir plains and harbours are associated with the recollection of victories achieved against tremendous odds; thoir promontories are crowned with temples, whose exquisite beauty can never be surpassed ; and there is not a shattered frieze or broken pediment that does not reveal the traces of a divine skill in sculpture. For them, as for us, Homer and Plato, IIekodotus, Thucydides, and XENornoN arc still extant, still proclaim, in musical verse or nervous and sonorous prose, the creative imagination, the profound wisdom, and the sublime heroism of the ancient Greeks. Over such a people, numbcrirg as many souls as there are in Victoria and New South Wales, and with a revenue far less, we believe, than that of the sister colony, Prince Alfred has been called to rule, by popular acclamation. The honour is a nominal one, the respon- sibility out of all proportion to the dignity, and the tenure of the throne destitute of those guarantees which are indispensable for the security of Ids posi- tion and the vigour of his government. That the Greeks have acted wisely in thrusting aside that contemptible com- pound of mental imbecility and moral depravity, Otho of Bavaria, whose rule was characterized by an oriental des- potism, tempered only by his personal fears and by popular émeutes, cannot be doubted ; but whether it will bo for the interest of' England and for the happi- ness of Prince Alfred, to accept the crown of Greece, is a ques- tion which, we may depend upon it, will be thoughtfully weighed and earnestly discussed by Her Majesty and her advisers, before any final decision is arrived at. We suspect that, irrespective of weightier objec- tions, the religious faith of the young Prince will be a serious obstacle to the proposed arrangement; for al- though the wife of King Otho was a Protestant, it was made a sine qua non that their children should he educated in the ritual of the Greek Church. We have, however, in the person of King Leopold, an instance of a Protestant sovereign reigning over a Catholic people with honour to himself and with ad- vantage to his subjects. If political considerations are suffered to have any preponderating influence in the councils of Her Majesty, we can imagine that great stress will be laid upon the check that would be offered to Russian intrigue in the Levant, by placing a British prince upon the throne of Greece. Athens has been the head- quarters of Russian diplomacy in that quarter for years past ; and it has been the policy of the House of Romanoff to aim its blows against Turkey tlirough Greece. England would also get rid of her troublesome protectorate of the Ionian Islands, whose annexation to the king- dom of Greece would probably ' follow Prince Alfred's assumption of the crown, if the latter course should be de- termined on. In that event, the chief hope of the regeneration of Greece would lie in a large immigration from Great Britain. Recent travellers concur in ex- tolling the magnificent resources of the country, the development of which has been prevented by the infamous system of taxation liitherto in force. Under Britisli rule, British maxims of state policy would prevail, and the wilderness would be transformed into a garden. It has been estimated by a good authority that five millions of people would find ample subsistence in a' country which now contains only 800,000 or 900,000 ; and if a prince of the blood-ioyal of England should ascend the tin one of Greece, we shall not be smpiised to find British colonists cultivating the soil of the land which sent forth some of the earliest colonizers. But tho inducements to accept the prof- fered honour are so few, and the motives for declining it so numerous, that we anticipate Prince Alt-red, acting under the advice of his mother and her Minis- ters, will " doff the Crown aside and lot " it pass." Tho Madras, with the November mails from England, reached Hobson's Bay last night Sho passed through the heads at *an early hour in the afternoon, but the weather in the bay was of the most unfavomable character! and it was not until between ten and cloven o'clock p.m. that the first portion of tho mail was landtd. The weather was bo thick in the bay, from the smoko of bush-fires and tho day fog hanging over the water, that the pro- gress of the ship was necessarily slow. It waB found necessary to comotoanchoroff Brighton« and a sovcre squall struck the vessel at tho mo- ment, in which she loBt an anchor and foity fi vo fathoms of chain. The iv ind flow nil round the compass, and a high cross sea got up. So dark was the night, that an hour and a half elapsed after she had reached hor proper anchorage before she was boarded from tho shore, although blue lights and other signals had been made to show her position. Tho difficulty of landing afterwards was equally great. It is seldom that tho English mail has been landed in this bay under similai disad- vantages. A now wing lins just been added to tho Hawthorn Town-hall. Tho additions consist of two commodious apartments, one of which will form the office of tho town-clork, while tho other will be appropriated as a committcc room for tho local literary society. Tho dietrictcoroner held an inquest yester- day, at Eltham, on tho body of Samuel Fryer, a labourer, aged thirty-three years, who died at Kangaroo Ground on Friday last, somewhat suddenly. ílenior-constabie Lawlor said that lie received information of tlio death on Sa- turday last. Ho reported tlio case, and found deceased had been buried in the ICaugaioo ground. The persons who were with de censed had not attended that day to give evi- dence, although witness warned them to do so. Ho -was of opinion that there was nothing sus- picions in the ciicumstanccs of tho death. Mr. Hood, a legally qualified medical prac- titioner, living at Eltham, stated that on Friday last ho was sent for to see tho de- ceased, and on arrival, found him dead. In witness's opinion ho had been dead an hour. There was nothing unusual in tlio appearances presented by the body. Had made a, posterior (cm examination of the body, which had been exhumed, and was not much decomposed. (The witness then described minutely the appearances that presented themselves.) Ile was of opinion that the causo of death was inflammation of the stomach and livei, not caused by any violent poison, but the i esult of natural causes. Did not seo any- thing at all suspicious in tho death. Verdict -"Died norn inflammation of the stomach and liver, norn natural causes." Yesteiday evening, a coloured man, named Geoige Whitman, aged twenty-seven years, a carpenter, was taken to the Melbourne Hos- pital, nom the Swanston- street watchhousc, having sustained a slight fracture of the skull. Yesterday morning, a man whose namo is supposed to be Proctor, committed suicido by hanging himself in a house in William-street, occupied by a friend of the deceased, but who was absent at tho time the rash net was com- mitted. An inquest will be held on the body this morning. Tho much-talked-of case of Curr v. Dono- hue, tho first prosecution which has taken place under the Scab Act, was not finally settled at the Williamstown Tolice Court yesterday. It was called on, and by the in foimation it appeared that Mr. Donohuo was | summoned, as a farmer residing at Tarneit, on the Werribee Uiver, for that ho was the owner of certain sheep infected with the disease called scab, and which bad been fouud on the loth December last, on the run of Messrs. Thompson and Crisp, near Conway Station, in the county of Grant. The plain- tiff, who was Mr. Curr, Government inspector of sheep, did not attend, and the case was adjourned till next Tuesday week, upon pay- ment by the plaintiff of £5 5s. costs. Defen- dant's counsel urged a few preliminary objec- tions to the summon?, which, however, tho Bench declined to admit. The presiding magistrates were Mr. Call, P.M., and Messrs, Mason and Froyer, local justices. í The district coroner held an inquest at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum yesterday, on the body of Isaac Thompson, aged seventy five years, who died there on Saturday last. From the evidence, it appeared that deceased was admitted on tho 22nd September, 1862, suffering from dementia, with paralysis of the lower extremities. His health remained good until tho 29th October, when diarrkoa set in, which continued without abatement until the 25th November, and since that time he had had repeated attacks, each one leaving him much enfeebled. On the morning of the dtb January, ho had an apoplectic fit, from which ho partially rallied, but subsequently sank, and died on Saturday morning. Ile was visited night and morning by the medical officers, and was supplied with medicines and medical comforts. Mr. Rudall, surgeon, made a jmst-mortcm examination of the body, and found that the cause of death was apoplexy, with disease of tho kidneys. Vcidict-" Died from apoplexy." George Copes, a seaman, belonging to the ship Essex, was prosecuted, at the Sandridge Police Court, yesterday, for being absent from his duty. Mr. Henry Skinner, first officer of tho vessel in question, appeared to state that as soon as tho vessel touched tho pier the prisoner quietly walked off. Tho man him solTald not deny the offence, and was sen- tenced to fourteen days' imprisonment. Mr, J. Swallow presided on the Bench. Some suspicious circumstances have trans- pired with íeference to the vesselBroomielaw, a ship which arrived at this port from the home country during the night of Monday. So soon as the vessel reached tho harbour, Mrs. Ramage, one of tho passengers, informed the Customs' agent that the commander. Captain Anderson, had attempted a capital offence upon her during the voyage. lier husband, it was said, had died on tho passage, The case will, we aro informed, be brought before the local courts. It has come to pass, as expected, that this week's encampment of artillery appears to be moro successful than that of last week although up to the present time tho most in- teresting part of the practice has not com- menced. Both on yesterday and the day before, the men did nothing hut listen to the pinctical lessons given by theil instructors and go through their gun drill, and yet there wero over seventy men in camp on Monday evening, aad sixty-five slept there all night. Last evening the men who mustered could nóT have fallen far short of sixty or seventy in numbers. The proceedings being of so prosaic a nature, there was nothing to report, savo that perfect order reigned, and that Captain Sneo had nothing to complain of in either tho conduct of the men or tho general appliances placed at his command. Yesterday, fifteen of the rifle drill instructors received their first lesson in heavy gun drill, which tlioy will soon havo to teach tho men already under their instruction. This instruction will bo repoatcd every afternoon during the week. Another of thoso revolting cases, unhappily too frequent in this city, of criminal violence being offered to children of tender years, was investigated at tho East Collingwood Police Court yesterday. A man named Thomas Wilson, about thirty-five years of age, and stated to bo a rag-collector, was proved to have decoyed four little girls by the offer of money, to an ompty house in Hood-street, on Friday afternoon, and there carnally assaulted them. Only ono case was proceeded with the others being temporarily withdrawn. On this the prisoner was committed for trial. The medical ovidencowas given by Mr. Crook, and was not conclusive as to whether the prisoner effected his purpose, though it showed that violence had been offered. Tho prisoner's conduct was discovered by tho mother of ono of the children. She missed her daughter, aud searching for her, found her in tho house with the man and the three other girls. Yesterday was another of those remarkably hot and oppressive days experienced this sum- mer. The wind shifted all round the com- pass, and at sunset settled into a light air from east by south. At the Observatory, the thermometer in the shade recorded as fol- lows:-Noon, 92deg. 3min.; 2 p.m., 94deg. 1min. ; 4 p.m., 91deg. The maximum tem- perature of the sun was 122deg. 1min. The heat, therefore, as recorded by the ther- mometer, was considerably less than it has been on previous occasions, but the dry fog that prevailed made it unusually oppressive. All day long a mist hung over the bay, and mist and smoke over the city, gave it a strange appearance towards nightfall. Thunder rolled incessantly high up in the heavens throughout the afternoon and evening, and as the sun went down rain began to fall heavily, the electric storm becoming at the same time unusually severe. Between six and half-past eight o'clock p.m., half-an-inch of rain fell. Altogether the weather during the day was of the most trying character. It will be recollected that on the 14th of Janu- ary last year the maximum of heat was at- tained, the thermometer on that occasion marking over 144deg. in the sun, and over 11deg. in the shade. It is to be hoped, there- fore, that the hottest period of the season has now been passed. The sitting of the Church of England Assembly held yesterday 'afternoon, was almo.st wholly occupied with tho discussion of the report of the committee appointed to inquire into tlio means to be adopted to heal the divisions existing in the church at Brighton. Tho Rev. It. B. Dickinson moved tile adoption of the report, which was seconded by Mr. Dumas. Sir James Palmor moved tho previous question, which was equivalent to proposing that it was inexpe- dient for the assembly to expresa any opinion , orí the subject of the report. Dr. Knaggs seconded the amendment. The motion foi' the adoption of the report was supported by the Dean of Melbourne and Sir William Stawell ; and the amendment was supported by Mr. J. W. Stephen and Mr. 0. J. Griffith. The debate was then, on the motion of Mr. Justice Molesworth, adjourned until to-day. Wo observo from the surveyors' repot ts for the month of November, that the average yield of gold from quartz in the Ballarat district is improving. "Nearly an ounce per ton,"and "100 ounces from eighty tons" are amongst the reported yields. At the City Police Court yesterday, Michael B. Heffernan, a volunteer in the Engineer corps, was fined 40s., for disorderly conduct in the vestíbulo of the Theatro Royal, while in uniform. It appeared that lie first insulted some females there, and afterwards drew his bayonet on the constable who took him out of the place. Mrs. Fitzgerald, wife of the landlord'of the Criterion Hotel, Kyneton, lias been com- mitted for trial, on a charge of being au ac- cessary beforo and after the fact of setting fire to the Criterion Hotel, Her husband had previously boon committed for trial, charged with setting fire to the hotel. In our report of yesterday's proceedings at the Sandridge Police Court, we refencd to the persons charged with having, whilst act- ing for the ship Accriugton, committed a breach of the Passenger Act as " White nnd Co." Messrs. \Y. P. White and Co. aro known to be largely interested in shipping business, and we may, thorefore, state that they were not in any way connected with tho ship Accrington, and tho proceedings above alluded to. The monthly meeting of the various com- mittees of the proposed Melbourne Home mot on Monday at the Mechanics' Institute. The treasurer received upwards of £00, this sum having been collectsdby vaiiousladiesduring the month, A sub- committee was formed for the purpose of making arrangements for a general meeting at an early date, when tho objects of the Home will bo more fully brought before the public. The next monthly meeting was fixed for tho usual day, viz., the second i Tuesday in February. The usual fortnightly meeting of the Essen- don and Flemington Municipal Council was held on Monday last. Messrs. E. B. Wight (chairman), Eastwood, Filsen, Leake, anti M'Cracken, were present. A report from tho Public Works Committee, recommending pay ment of Bome small balances to contractors, and the acceptance of the tender of J. Keating for £187 11s. Id. for forming stieets in Flemington, was adopted. The next meeting was fixed for Thursday, the 22nd inst. ; the day before the election of councillors in the place of the retiring members, Messrs. Wight Hoffman, and Leake. Thero were only two cases to bring under the notico of the bench of magisti "tes at St. Kilda yesterday. In one case, the dofendant was John Lear, a butcher, who was sum- moned for aUowing offensive matter to te. main on his premises. He was fined 5s., hut without costs. In the other cases, an oldman, who gave the name of John Thompson, was charged with being on the premises of Mr. Kelleher, of the Court-house Hotel, with in tent-to commit a robbery. On Sunday night, as Mrs. Kelleher was about to retire to rest, she found the prisoner concealed under her bed. Her husband, who had already gone to bed, immediately jumped up and seemed the fellow, and handed him over to tifo police. The prisoner was remanded until Eiiday, in order that inquiries might be made as to his antecedents. A meeting of tho subscribers to the Sailois' nomo was held yestetday afternoon at the Mechanics' Institute, His Excellency tho Governor in the chair. The report of the committee appointed at the preliminary meet- ing was to the effect that a site, and a grant of £760 had been obtained from tlio Govern- ment, that a sum of nearly £2,400'had been derived from subscriptions and other sources, and that plans for a building hod been ac- cepted. A portion of tho building, sufficient to accommodate fifty men, could be erected with tho funds on hand, and it was recom- mended that this should he done. The re- port was unanimously adopted, and a com- mittee, to whom the management of the in- _ stitution is entrusted, was then elected. His Excellency was appointed president, and the Commissioner of Trade and Customs vice-president. A lecture on "ThoMinor Poets of England' was delivered last evening, at the Town-hall, Hawthorn, by tho hon. C. Gavan Duffy, M.L.A., before the members of the Hawthorn Literary Association. Owing to tho thunder storm which prevailed at the time of meeting; the audience was limited to about a hundred persons. His Honour Mr. Jnstico Molesworth presided. Mr. Duffy said it was not his aim to do that which had been so well done numberless times before-to attempt to form an estimate of the great masters of English poetiy ; ho proposed rather to speak of thoso less familiarly known poets, in the perusal of whoso -works ho had derived unexpected enjoyment, by finding somo special beauty that lingered long in tho memory. Scores and hundicds of times, when coming homo from hot meetings, from newspaper-offices, or from delibeiativoassem- . blies, had ho obtained from tho perusal of the } minor English poets calm and often intenso i delight, which, perhaps, the Btudy at the lime of Shakspearo, Milton, and other master minds, would have failed to give. Ho did not know whother the name of Mary Howitt was familiar to many of the audience. She was the mother of Mr. Alfred Howitt, who had recently distinguished him- self in connexion with the exploration of Aus- tralia. She had written novels and long poems, which ho confessed had not left any great impresBion on his memory; but there was alittlo'rurnl ballad, " ThelShepherdcss," which ho thought was not exceeded in beauty in the whole rango of English poetry. This Mr. Duffy recited ; after which ho obsorved that ho had naturally found special enjoyment in political poetry, and long ago, when ho was as most young men were-a very intense Radical in homo politics, he como across a Tory ballad that so tickled his fancy and pleased his imagination that, although written twenty years ago, ho could repeat it as easily as the alphabet. It was a song to on old . English ballad called 'ÎTho Tankard of Ale.'' . This was repented to the audience, among tho other poetic selections which Mr. Duffy ' laid before his hearers were Gerald Massy's ? When I Come Home," Linton's " Up, up, ye EnglishPeasantry," Mortimer Colltns's"Gho3t story," Charles Mackay's "Plain Man's Philosophy," and " Struggle for Fame," and the effusions of several poets unknown to fame. The lecturer observed that he "m1 met somewhere with an es3ay on dramatic poetry which contained an Í amusing illustration of the different ways in which different nations, in their dramatic poetry, treated tho samo subject. For ex i ample, the Greek dramatists had"around I about way" of expressing themselves, while tho Romans went right to the point, and the English had a mixture of the two. Mr. Duffy gavo an amusing illustration of this diversity of style, founded upon the familiar phrase "Docs your mother know you are out; I and has sho sold her mangle ? ' In | conclusion, Mr. Duffy expressed the hope that the effect of his lecture would be to induce his audience to read the minor poets for themselves. On the motion of .Mr. D. M'Dougall, a voto of thanks to Mr. Duffy, for his lecture, was carried by acclamation. A similar compliment, on the proposition of Mr. O'Grady, M.L.A., was paid to Mr. Justice Molesworth for presiding. A supplement of the Gazette of yesterday contains a list of the Circuit Com is and Courts of General Sessions to be held during the cur- rent year. The performances at the Royal last evening were for the benefit of Mr. Henry Harwood ; when, ns usual, opera and pantomimo com- bined composed the evening's entertainment. Oiving, no doubt, to the highly unfavourable weather, the attendauco was much smaller than would otherwise have been the case, and than the merits of Mr. Harwood as an actor deserved. Notwithstanding this drawback, however, the pantomime went quite as merrily as usual, and- Mr. Harwood was received with much approbation on first making his appearance. "With last evening's performance thm theatre closes for a time, with the exception of Saturday evening, when the author of the pantomime Mr. W. M. Akhurst-has arranged to take his benefit. The next will ho an opera season. 