WEDNESDAY, AUGUST b, 1863. Both Housoa of Parliament re-assembled yesterday, after tho adjournment for the Ministerial elections. In tho Legislativo Counoil, I The PRESIDENT took the chair at thirty two minâtes past four o'clock. Ile remarked that the absence of members (there being eight only present) was obviously intended as a maik of respect to a lato member-Mr, Stowart-and he therefore adjourned the House till next day. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. SNODGRASS gave notice of a motion condemnatory of tho regulations recently adopted na regaids pensions. Mr. M'LELLAN gave notice of a bill to enable a Eclect committee to inquire into the corruption practised on hon. members to in- duce them to pana tho Land Bill and tho Elec- toral Act. The newly-clectcd members wero then iu troduccd, as follows:-Mr. M'Culloch, by Mr. Nicholson and Mr. Cohen; Mr. Hcalcs, by Mr. J. Davies and Mr. Sinclair ; Mr. Verdon, by Mr.Jfcfiodribbaai Mr. JiöcgregorJiMrJ 'Shlli van,. byi'Mr n»wara^aurf Mf^StricMÍndTMr. Michi", by Mr~Mollison and-Mr. M'Mahon ; Mr. Grant, by Mr. B. G. Davies and Mr. Gillies; Mr. Francis, by Mr. Mollison and Mr. M'Mahon ; and Mr. Higiobotham, by Mr. Riddell and Mr A. J. Smith. Mr. M'COLMOU rose and staled the citcum stanccs under which trc Government had been f/rrned. Tho officj of Po.-tmaster Gt-ncral, he said, bnd been abolished, and a Min'stry of Mines crca'cd. The circumstances under which the late Government had rc eigucd had mat-e the furmat'on of a Ministry moro than usually difficult, there haviog been no oiganization amongst tho nmjor.ty when tlie issue prooo'cJ by the late Government wai put to tbe vote. He had many pre- cedents for the coursj he bad taken in seeking co-operation from the gentle- men who, at that timp, stwt in Opposi- tion. The result of the deliberations was ti.e formation of the present Government It was desirable tho session should,be brought to as early a close a*'p s ible. It had already lasted nine months, though the British Go-v vcrnment liad accomplished its Work in six. Ho hoped (o terminate the I session In two or. three weeks, «nd he hoped private members would secf'ndthe efforts of the Government by withdrawing the'r busincs». The fiistmeasufe, would be a bill to amend the Land Act, which would hi introduce^ nox(iday. Its ob" ject would be to carry out the real intentions of the Land Act of 1862. ¡Power would be taken to open up case«, under the squatting section, whew fiaud had occurred as to the cipacitieB of the land. The Electornl Act1 would be amended, so as to restore the secresy of the ballot, and the Local Government and Municipal Institution Act Amend- ment Bill would be adopted ; but they were open questions with the members of the Ministry individually. The Partnerships Bill and the Hallway Management Bill would be proceeded with. The Beal Property Act woull bo gone on with that evening, The Supplementary Estimates would bo the table next evening, and would be proceeded willi after a financial Etale- ment from tbe Treasurer. The Irnmigra tion Bill would be passed, and the Volun- teer Bill if the House di sired. The draft report of the Gold-fields Commission had' bo.n placid in hi1? «hands that morning. It made many important suggatlon*, and legis-' latlon on the Eubject of the laws applicable to the gold-fields would b3 proceeded with early next seFsion. Mr BROOKE gave totice of a que=tion as to what steps had been f aken, under the recently framed regulation», with retard to pensions. Mr. HEALES g »vo notice that, to marrow, ho would ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the Land Act. In answer to Mr. SNODGRASS, Mr. HEAIES eaid tbe losa by the reduction of the aascsfment upon cattle fiom35. to 2s. per ht ad was £20,843 per anoum. The num- ber of horaes dt pastured on Cronn lands was 31,408, and of cittlc, 884,614. Mr. HiaiNBOTHAsr gnvo no.'ice that, to- morrow, ho would move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the Electoral Act. The following bills were then withdrawn : The Mining Associations Bill, the Newspapers Bill, and the Public Buildings Loan Bill The Dlslralnt for Rent and some other pri- vate bills wire also withdrawn. 1 Mr. MICHIE moved the Eccond reading of the Partmrsbips Bill, the objects of which ho explained. The motion waa agreed to, and the bill committed and agi eel to. The House next went into committee on the Trading Companies Bill, which was further considered and reported. Mr. EDWARDS proposed the postponement till Thursday of the ' Licensed Victuallers Bill. Mr. M'CULLOOH said the Government did not intend to proceed with the mcasuro this session. The motion was agreed to. The Hou-c then went into committee on the Beal Piopeity Act. The 17th clause was struck out, and the hill reported, i ' The House went into committee on the Railway Management Bill , In the course of the discussion which nrosa on one of the clauses, Mr. GRANT slated that the Government in- tended to lease the railways as quickly ns possible, and ho hoped they would be leased before tho close of the present year. Ho thought 'it would te sufficient if the condi- tions were laid on the table ssven days before the lines were leased. Mr. HOUSTON proposed " thirty," in place of " seven," days. ' Mr. WOODS hoped care would ba taken to invite English capital. Mr. DUFF? thought ¡t_was not in human wisdom to prepare sufficient conditions to cover so Inrgc a lease within the limited time proposed for the duration of Parliament." Mr. M'MAHON thought the tenders should be advcitised during tho recess. Mr. HAINES viewed with some alarm the proposition to let those,lines immediately. The traffic was not sufficiently developed to ennbls a correct estimate to be formed of the value of the lines, while English capitalists would bs content with_a lesser per-centage than would satisfy local capitalists. , Mr. MICHIE agreed that before tho lines werd finally let, English capital should be in- vited to compete for them. Mr "WEEKES thought the railways should be sold out tight. Mr. FuANcm thought the subject was alto- gether misunderstood by varlom mcinbets who had addressed the House. Thtra would b¿a daily revenue and monthly pajnients, and therefore npither a Brassey nor a Puto nor any other English cnpital'st, would bo required After some observations from Mr. Richard- son, Mr. Woods, Mr. Levi, and Mr. M Cann, The word "fourteen" was substituted for " seven." Tho remaining business was postponed, and the House adjourned. Tho first meeting of Mr. M'CUIXOCH with the Parliament occurs under the happiest auspices. Tho omen, it is true, may be read in two ways ; but the moro obvious reading is entirely in favour of tho new Government. To all outward appearance, there never was a House so one-sided as that which met yesterday to receive the Ministerial explanations. Judged by the manner of the members' sitting, _tho odds are more than two to one on the winning side. The spectacle was in remarkable contrast to that pre- sented by the house, when Mr. COHBN made his statement some six weeks ago. The Treasury benches aro now scarcely wido enough to hold all the supporters of the Ministry. Nearly the entire Liberal party, the whole of the Mode- rates, and a strong section of tho old Conservatives, wore mustered in strange association around the banners of Mr. M'CULLOCH. The. Opposition, benches are a Sahara-a howling wilderness. £>Bly Mñ BROOKE remains, with the faithful EDWARDS, to represent the once formidable Corner. All the rest havo been seduced-even MACADAM-into tho victorious camp. Never was a Minis try so strong in the House, if strength is to be gathered from the numbers who throng the Government benches. "r ' " tá: Mon an anxious question".1 possible that the members"yho now crowd to the right hand side of the Speaker can represent any coherent majority. Mr. WCür^Locn has only to think who they are who'now swell his triumph to have many ^misgivings for the future. The Jjiberal party has made a desperate bid to claim the Government for its own ; but'it is'not on the Liberal party alone that, the Ministry has to rely. Nay, it ' must bo somewhat perplexing to 'Mr. HEALES and his immedi- ate t friends in the Ministry to find ,how devotedly they are followed by the party which once used rto4call them its chiefs. The attachment of a M'LEL 1(LAN, and a DON, however, may be, perhaps," too dearly purchased. Mini- sters must submit to be judged by the same" test which applies to all common (men; and their present danger is cer- tainly more from their friends than their enemies. _ I "Mr. 'MiCmxoen's statement of the .course which the new Government in^ tend to follow, is-candid and straTght 'forward. -The Ministry has, indeed, in ifja ''r first measures, but little choice of a .policy. The session, which has al- ready extended beyond all reasonable length, must be concluded as speedily as "possible,' The two Local Govornment Bills it) is absolutely necessary should be passed at once. They have advanced boyond the stage when they could be interfered with by the incoming Govern ment '; and Mr. M'CUXLOCII'S explana- tion of what Ministers propose to do in their regard will be accepted as per- fectly satisfactory by the country. The new Ministry cannot stop the course of" the District Councils and the Munici- palities Bills, without throwing the whole electoral and financial arrangements of the country into confusion. But indi- vidual ' Ministers may bo permitted to save their own consciences, and to vote as they please in regard to certain clauses of one of these measures. No objection can be taken to such ' a course, nor do wo anti- cipate that the progress of tho two bills will be materially retarded by the pro- posed , arrangement. It is absolutely essential to the good of tho country that these bills should be passed with- out further delay ; and as they do not in any way represent the policy of the M'CuÜoch Administration, there is no reason why the Government should not assist in making them law as speedily as possible. The amendments in the Land Act and in the Electoral Act, which Messrs. HEALES and HIGINBOTHAM are to introduce this evening, ought not to occupy the House very long. We can- not believe that it is Mr. M'CULLOCH'S intention, at this late period of the session, to commit himself'to an en- tirely new land policy, and to upset tho arrangement of his predecessors. There will be time enough after the recess for Mr. HEALES to mature his borrowed ideas .about free selection and deferred payments. At present, there is no de- mand upon the Government for another nçw land scheme. The system of Mr. DUFFY is as good a one in that direction as' perhaps eau be desired, and Mr. HEAÏIES will be readily excused for con- senting to adopt its general principles in the ramended bill which is to be intro- duced to night. In regard to the Elec- toral Act, according to Mr. M'CDXLOCH'S statement, there are to be no other changes recommended than that of an extension of the period for registration, and an amendment of the clause which seems to affect the sanctity of the ballot. Mr. M'COXLOOII has dono wisely in not announcing, at the present stage of the session, a more ambitious policy, and in contenting himself with taking up the business ¡of Parliament from the point at which ho found it. -Looking at the circumstances under which he entered office, the country will readily excuse him for not following the example of some of his predecessors, and committing us to an entire change of performance after the change of management. Tho new Ministry has _ come into power at least as much on the strength of personal character as of a distinctive policy ; and it will moro than fulfil the expectations formed of it, if it pro- vides us, as its first business, with an honest and faithful administration of public affairs. The country looks for no sudden changes of policy, and no new programmes. The land scheme of Mr. HEALES is, the only point on which it has any present anxiety; and this is almost the only possible source of danger to the M'Culloch Administration in the present session. The local journal in Hamilton invites attention to an extraordinary circum- stance now observable in the forests of that locality. Throughout a district some twenty miles in length, the gum trees are stated to be " all either dead or " dying," i and without any visible or assignable cause for it ; and it' is as- serted that, in many other portions of the colony, apart'Jrom tho rush of miners and agriculturists, the same thing has been noticed. Some beUeve that tho bush-fires of the recent summers may havo been the occasion ; but as bush- fires aro not a novelty, and as they have been heretofore unattended with any such wide-spread or uniform effects, and as there is no better explanation at hand, the conjecture is hazarded that the Eucalypti may be dying out-by the ope- ration of some climatic change. The theory, as thus applied, is a very im- probable one, and beforo we'can venturo to entertain it, the suggesting facts must be much more widely authenticated. But whether our gum-trees are to depart, by climatic as well as artificial. causes whether or not the hand of nature is to supplement the hand of man in the cur- rent wholesale process of removal, it would bo well' to know betimes what trees of a superior character are really adapted to tho country and susceptiblo of successful plantation, so that we may be able to assist naturo in repairing the mischief which the careless and indisoriminate use of the'axe is pre- paring for after generations. « The pre servation or restoration of a certain amount of forest has in the present day become ajeare of > science- and a recog- nized branch of sociaLcconomy in almost every civilized land possessed of a" high V BUmmqr temperature, oven in lands whore > the solstitial influence is far less ¿tiongly ": maikedthan here. With' the improved ' knowledge of the time, many provisions of nature, of whose full value and moan- ing there was lately profound ignorance, havo come to have their importance practically realised.' Tiio" husbandman now sees that the presence of certain varieties of buds is serviceable," and hometiiries indispensable, to tho fruition of ,his labours. And it'has been discovored that in particularjatitudes, the fertility of the soil largely depends, often'entirely depends,, on the vicinity- of extensive tracts of woodland. Woods wuo once - estimated by "practical men" solely by the market value of their pioduco^of planks and staves. Where it was thought that their sites could be made to yield a more lucrative crop than that,' there was only an anxiety to get rid of them. But Europo now lecognizes other uses in; woods besides those of mere timber-growing or game-preserving. Far more attention has of late been bestowed on agriculture, and the causes of the deterioration'of soils, and amore scientific" class of travellers 'than were formerly accustomed to wander, have corroborated homo 'experiences by their observations in'foreign countries. Thus it is that several Governments to-day encourage by every means the planting of mountains and waste places, and have forbidden, under a heavy penalty, the destruction of trees in special localities. We understand, that thirty, thousand acres were planted lasfi year in, tlifT South of Franco by private pcr.-n,mt_flp sap Jngs being furnished frr.ófK hy^ authorities. So tho zeal of the -utili- tarian and that of. the -lover of the picturesque, which were once almost proverbially antagonistic, aro «owi effi- ciently operating m the same dnection. With the progress in more than one respect'of this new-born alliance-which ought to have taken place earliei, is it is a natural one-there is at last ,v ptospect of the sarcasm of GOETHE losing ita sting-" Let us takp care of tliu beau " tiful, for the useful will take care of " itself I " We should be acclimatising foreign trees as well as valuablo foieign ani- mals and plants. It will need more time to discover what trees cm be acclimatised, but there is some îe.ison to suspect that the popular fancy, as to the choice, may be in-error. It is a general wish to have the trees of " the old " country;" and tho question is, Mill they really thrive and perpetuate their spe- cies,, or effect it without degenemey, in tbo very dissimilar climate of Australia Î We are anxious for the noble o,ik, elm, <fcc, which we were accustomed to be- hold at home; but the British oak and elm are deciduous. The inclement win- ter of the North Atlantic bares them of foliage; we have no such winter here. So not only would they be inharmonious with our Australian winter landscape ; but it is very much to be doubted whether they would flourish or continue to flourish at all. Happily we are not restricted in our selection to the monarchs of tho North Atlantic wood- lands. There are varieties of the oak indigenous to donates like this-va- rieties which itre not deciduous, but evergreen, and which not only rival but exceed in stately proportions and in umbrageous beauty and shelter tbe grand old giants of Wkichwood, Windsor, and ii'_TT-l Alice Holt. From .an interestin¿ paper, on " the Introduction of Useful Plants " into Australia," by Dr. MUELLER, pub- lished a few years ago in the Trans- actions of the Philosophical Society, we find that there are no less than 250 dif- ferent species of oaks alone. Of those belonging to tropical and semi- tropical latitudes, the Sunda -Islands possess 37 species, Japan, 20, India 21, and South Europe 14 ; while " a much larger " number than this aggregate inhabits " North and Central America-Mexico "alonehaving80." The writer reminds us, moreover, that ' " esculent fruits aro " produced by some of the Mediterranean " oaks-Quercus ilex, Q. ballota, Q. " esculenta;" and that another species in Upper California furnishes tho princi- pal vegetable food in winter to the Indians. He likewise recommends the cork oak, whose bark is so valuable in commerce, and mentions that it was introduced many years ago into New South Wales by General MACARTHTJK. To pass from oaks to pines : " in " whatever view we regard them, no other " trees havo greater claims on our atten " tion ; quick growth, graceful forms, " overgreen foliage, utility of their tim "ber, and value of their resinpus " secretions." The banya banya of More- ton Bay, and tho stone pine of Italy, thrive well, in this colony; "and who " ever has had an opportunity of ad " miring the grandeur of such forests, " cannot sufficiently regret that these " noble trees are not more extensively " planted in this country." Then there is the kauri pino of New Zealand, and several splendid Californian kinds, some content with the poorest soil. On the eastern coast of our continent, the eucalypti aro not so prevalent, and " are " replaced by a great variety of trees " with horizontal leaves, which impart to " the scenery an appearance strikingly " different from the effect produced by " the generally pendulous foliage of the " eucalyptus." From these, divers sorts of Grevillea, the "ilamo treo of Ula " warra " and many, more, would be available for extensive introduction. The face of Victoria is just as sus- ceptible of improvement in this matter of sylvan production as in every other, and there are many magnifi- cent exotic trees, of wnich wo have enu- merated only a few, ' which would as surely thrive and in time multiply as our various cereals and vegetables, which were a few years ago just as foreign to the soiL It needs time, however, to create woods, and so the necessity of a little foresight about some of those not yet destroyed. " They lowpr the tenir " perature of their locality^" says GOWER in Ms Phenomena of Domestic Life, " because they detain the clouas asi they "pass, and pour into the atmosphere, | " volumes of water dissolved m vapour. ' I . -r '. : -r ^-li . « Winds do not penetrate their recesses, « the sun never warms the earth they « jhiulc, and tho j soil being porous/* ' through"' being, iopn'ed in part of de- leaved leaves,'branches, and/stems of « trees, is constantly in a state of mois « turo." Some at least of, the existing forests, and on a proper scale, must be letatned until there is a chance of better ; but, that posterity may enjoy that chance, whoover plants should plant in- telligently, and T whatever new varieties of trees we scatter throughout the colony ought to be composed exclusively of those which afford rational promise of becoming acclimatized. There assembling of Parliament yeBterdayi after tlio adjournment for the Ministerial elections, see-teed to be regarded with unusual Interest by the public. Long before the hour at which, the Speaker usually takes hu seat, tho doors were besieged, in spite of tho rain that liad fallen for several hours previously, by an eager crowd, anxiously solicitous to obtain orders of admission. The galleries were all crowded at on early hour, and when the Speaker took" bis chah, a few minutes earlier than usual, there was a very large muster of members, especially on the Ministerial sido. Almost tbe earliest anivala wero Mr. Nichol- ii and Mr. M'Mahon, who took their places 00 the Ministerial side below the gangway. There they were, afterwards joined by Mtssri. Snodgrass, MOIIUOD, Lalor, W. 0. Smith, Riddell, M'Donald, M'Lellan, A. J. Smith, Berry, Macadam, Tucker, Orkney, 1 L Smith; and others. The first to j take his place on the bench behind that j appropriated to mcmbeiB of the Government was Mr Weekes, who ¡B popularly regarded as the new "whipper-in." There ho was after- wards joined by Messrs. Richardson, Don, M'Cano, Woods, and others. The first mern- j ber of the late Ministry to take his place in I oppojitlon, was Mr. Duffy. He was soon afterwards joined by Mr, Wood, Mr. Irc'and, Mr, OSIianassy, Mr. Johnston, and Mr. anderson For a time not a mtmber sat behind, but at .length > Mr. Levey took his place there, and soon afterwards he had | Mr, Smyth and Mr. Hood for his com panton. Conspicuous below the gangway nat neighbour, and with only the pas between them, to Mr. Daffy-sat Mr. ;«, with. Mess«. Edwards, Aspinall, ,J. T, Smith, and Cathie ¡ while on the extreme I bick braches, on the same Eide, below the gangway, were Mesare. O'Grady, Morton, and beti. At a later hour, Mr. Beunctt made Ms appoarancc, for tho first timo this fssion, and was received with ironical cheers. He took his place beside Mr. Brooke Ministers wera introduced _ us follows :-Mr. M'Cullock by Mr. Nicholson and Mr. Cohen, Mr. Heales by Mr. John Davies aud Mr. Sin- clair, Mr. Verdon by M". Macgregor and Mr. Brodribb, Mr. Sullivan by Mr. Howard and Mr. Strickland, Mr. Michie (who won received with generjl marka of applause) by Mr, Mollison and Mr. M'Mahon, Mr. Giant by Mr. B. G. Davies and Mr. Gil- lie?, Mr. Iliginbotham by Mr. Riddell and Mr, A. J. Smith, and Mr. Francia by Mr. IJM'Malion and Mr. Mollison. Mr. Kirk, fluctu- ating between the two sides of tho Houso, lefc it doubtful to which party he gave his adhe- rence. Counting him at a supporter of the [Goiernmcat, the members, as ihey sat at five o'clock, vero as follow:-Mini te-iialisti, foity nine; Oppositionists, nineteen; majority for Oovirnmuit, thirty. It will thus be seen that, including Mr. Speaker, Bixty-nine mem- bers neie present, leaving nine only absriit. Of the absentees, the mobt remarkable was Dr. '^Euns. | Tbeloog-expected report' of the Boyal Com- missioners to the gold-fielJs was placed in the bauds of Ministers last night. Tho recom- mendations they make may bo summarized as ?follow;-That there should b3 a uniform cods of milling law for each class of mining In tbo colony ; clear definitions of mining ^titles ; greater fixity of tenure ; substitution of for forfeiture of olaims or leases; a reduc- tion in the rents, and a return to the practice pcfquarterly payments in advance for miniDg li.«, and a reduction in the fee for a miner's right ; the appointment of inspectors of mines ; tbe Improvement of the mining survey sys ; b.ttcr water supply for the gold-fields ; immediate legislation for mining on prit ate property; an effective law on the subject of limited liability in mining pirtnorsbips; that the warden should have concurrent juris- diction with the Court of Mines in partner áip disputes; the extension of the powers of theCouit of Mines; the appointment of an appellant judge of tho Supreme Court to hoar ¡¡appeals; the gi anting' of more liberal meas forrtbidenccs on the gold- fields ; revision 'jot the law anl regulations Mating to patents; Íencooragement to bonifiât prospect'ng for gold and other metals or minerals ; the abolition of themiiimgboards; thecompletere oganizntion Of a mining department under a responsible »Minister; the establishment of a school of ^ raine« In connexion with the National Min'ng ?jMnstum ; and, generally, a more speedy and deiscostly adjudication upon and settlement j of mining dUputes, &c.; A portion of tho re 'pott appears in another part of this day's Irjui In tbe Legislative Assembly last night, the Cbiel Secretary expressed a hope that the sss lioamight be bioughtto ac'ose in the course t t«o or three weeks. He stated that the I following measures would bo proceeded with: j-ThoImniigration, Local Government, Mu I n'cipil Institutions, Pnrtncrfchips, Volnntcers, I Electoral Act Amendment, i and Laud Act j Amendment bills. Tho Minister of Justice j afterwards moved tho second reading of the iutDcrihips Bill, which was agreed to, and ti»lill proceeded with ia committee. This evening the Treasurer will make a financial 1 Etalement, and proceed with the Estimates. Atthe East Collingwood Police Court yes terdaj, a man named William Morgan was I miwnoncd for assaulting his ' wife, and I threatening to take her life. Thero was no ¡ appearance, however, of the prosccutrlx, and thecase was dismissed. ino half yearly general meet'ng of the pro- prietors of the Bank of Victoria was held yesterday morning, at the head offices of the corporation, Collins- street, Melbourne. The twitr-first icport of the directors of the in- itiation was submitted, and it disclosed a '* factory htate of affairs. The net profits »? half-j car, after writing off bankfurni wom full, amounted to£28,Gá3, which, after , w payment of a dividend at the rate of ten | P-'cent per annum-£25,000-allowed £5,000 »to placed to Hie credit of the reserve fund, i ..«y amounling to £95,000, and left al Manee of £480 to bo carried forward. The »imctorä prêtent joined unanimous'y in ac- ting a vote of thanks to the chairman and ] Tn¡ tnembc» of «io board of manage- rs Bom ko Goneral Sessions continned 7UÍ ycsterd°y: hut the cases tried were ,7 T030 of petty thefts, and1 ono of Btab 1« a plea of " öuluy of misdemeanour »'i was accepted hy the Crown in that in »Mf The only noticeable event of the I 71!"? th0 factl thttt when » Prisoner bad pleaded guilty to three indictments « Drought up for sentence, Mr. Detective I -Wf allowed t0 enter the witness-box *«« Prejudice tho prisoner by stating that the police bad other charges against bim, of the natara of which tho Court of course could set judge, f" ' Th«L treasurer of the City Mission begs to acknowledge, the following sums toward the Bible ,woman for the month of July :- Sey- mour, £1 ; Mrs. Butchart, £1. Among the bills withdrawn last evening was the Newspapers Bill, the exit of which was hailed with ironical chara from the Ministerial side of the House, in which the author of (ho measure seemed to join heartily. i The news that the All-England Eleven will visit the Australian colonies, under Mr. G Marshall's! agfcncy, has beon icceived in New South Wales, and has elicited an expression of feeling thorp: There has been some talk, on the part of newspaper correspond«, nts, of " revenge upon,an ungenerous antagoniot, by rushing tho -Domain when the Eleven are playiug, and '"eDjoying the fun at Marshall's expense." On' the other band, a desire has been expressed, on behalf of the Sydney players, that past differences should be for- gotten, and that a fitting reception should be accorded to th'e champion'), and a proper de grce of support given to their introducer It appears that the latter is the prevailing sentiment, and'that precautions can easily be taken to prevent ariy display of rowdyism on the part of the few wc uld-be wrongdoers. The desire of the cricketers of Victoria is certainly to let bygones be bygones. It is to bo hoped that nothing will b3 allowed to occur in the sister city.'cither to prevent the re-establish- ment of a good feeling between the players of the two colonies, or to disgmce the patrons of tho game in the presenco of the representatives Of " All England." ' "We direct thb attention of the Melbourno Licensed Victuallers' Society to the annual meeting, at tile Excelsior Hotel, at three o'clcck this afternoon, to eleot officera and committee for the ensuing year. St, Patrick's Society held its monthly meet ing last night, «at tho hall, the chuir being taken by Mr, Hood. Amongst other buBinesp, two names werp proposed for admission as honorary members, and six as benefit mern' bera ; and two proposed on a former occasion, being recommended by tbe committee, wore duly admitted. TFrom the half-yearly audit report read to the meeting, it was seen that a balance existed in favour of the society to tho amount of £3,30618s. 6d. The Carlton Éand of Hopo festival takeB place thlsevening At the Trades' Hall, Lygon street, at BIX o'clock p.m. "Wo have our files from Sydney to August 1, and from Brisbarie to Jnly 25. A robbery was,committed on the night of the let fust., at the house of James Hickson, 16 York-Btreet, Emerald-hill, Upon tho re- turn of tho Inmates, after a temporary absence, "it was found that the place had been entered, and two Bhawls, a silver watch, and four ¿El notes wore ascertained to be missing. En- trance, it appeared, had been effected over the palings of the back yard. The following is a correct statement of the results of the late poll at Sandridge :-For Mr. May, 307 ; Mr. Hammond, 286 ; Mr. Johnson, 275 ; Mr. Morley,' 207 ; and Mr. Carrick, 179. The number of votes recorded was 55-1. Messrs. May, Hammond, and Johnson wero elected. ' At the St. Kilda Police Court, yesterday, Stephen Rowland, a labourer, charged with being drunk and breaking windows, was fined 5s. for the first offence, and for the second he as ordered to pay £2 14s. Gd. damages, or suffer a month's imprisomnent with hard labour. Daniel Charlton, a car-driver, charged with plying for hire off the stand, was fined 5s. ; and Lawrence O'Halloran, another car driver, for a similar offence, was fined 10s. The Rev. W. Moss deBlres to acknowledge the following subscriptions to the funds of theDeaf and Dumb Institution :-His Honour Judge Pohlman, £1; J. Snowball, £1; Rev. M. H. Bcohcr, £1; B. 0. Walker, 10s.; the Hon. J. M'Culloch, £2 2s.; Mr. Kenan, £1: C. S. ROES, £2, the Hon. Alex. Fraser, £2; J. Bueharr, £4; the Hon. J. G. Francis, £2; G. and J. S, £4. There are now twenty-one mutes in the institution, ten of whom are supported wholly, or in part, by the com- mittee. There aro four othors waiting to he admitted, but, owing to a want of funds, the committee cannot inoreaso their reeponBiblli tiis. Mr. A. S. Nash has boen appointed col lector, and it is hoped that tho call now made on the publio will ba liberally responded to, so that all who are- unfortunate enough to need tho help the institution is intended to afford, may be admitted to its benefits, and that, at tho annual meeting to bo held shortly, the treasurer may report the balance as on the right side. Tho ninth annual general meeting of tho shareholders of the Colonial Insurance Oom pauy was held yesterday, at the offices of the company. Mr. J. Caraon, chairman of the board of directors, presided, and submitted the roport and balance-sheet to the meeting. A long discussion took place on the apparont losses which it was alleged by some of tho shareholders had beon sustained in con- nexion witli the fire imuranco branch of tho company. The chairman attri- buted these losses to tho unprofitable investments made in freehold property in 1850 and 1857. The doings of the board in the matter of buying and selling shares were unsparingly ciiticised by Boveralof the share- holders, and the chairman in tarn inveighed against thoso shareholders who held a largo stake in the company, but never expended a shilling in premiums, and only brought such worthless risks to the offico, that tho board were compelled to refuso them. The report and balance sheet were adopted, and after the transaction of some other business, a ballot was taken for the election of tliree di root OK, whicli resulted ia tho return of Messrs W. Ford, H. St. J. Clarke, and W. H. Woodville. The second anniversary of the Collingwood district of the M.U.I.O.O.F. was celebrated last night by a concert and ball, which took place In the Volunteer Orderly-room, Eastern hill. Although a comparatively young Insti- tution, having only been separated some two years from the parant district of Port Philip, the Collingwood district has evinced con- siderable administrative ability, which has insured a proportionate amount of success in the accession of members and increase of funds. To be in ' keeping with this posi- tion, it has been resolved to establish a widow and orphan's fund in connexion with the district, and the proceeds of last evening's entertainment are to be specially appropriated to this purpose. The spacious room was draped to its fullest extent with a 'profuse display of flags, which were varied at intervals willi the I mottoes and emblems of the order. At ono end of the room, a device, in gas jetB, of the hand and heart, was exhibited with very pretty effect. The fhat portion of tbo enter- tainment was of a' miscellaneous character, andcompriscda variedsclection ofvocalnndin strumental music, interspersed with occasional recitat'ons, which Vero rendered with pass- ing merit, and at times vociferously applaudei, the Irish melodies sung by Miss Chalker and Messrs. Stewart, M'Donald, and Wilson, especially so. At the termination of the conceit, dancing was commenced, and main- tained with unflagging zest until far on in the morning. The majority of the gentlemen present wera arrayed in] the insignia of tbe brothcihood. It is anticipated, from the number of tickets which have been sold, that a considerable sum will accrue to the fund for tho benefit of which^the entertainment was (riven. . : r . By the Alhambra, ^Captain M'Lean, which reached tho bay at an early hour this morn- ing, after a rapid ma from Otago, we have our Dunedin and Invercargill files to the 28th ult. They contain grievous accounts of the losses, of life as well as of property, that have occurred in the Lake district, from the floods The Alhambra bli agí 190 passengers, and 5,422oz. 18dwt. of gold.' The Otago Time* re cDmmends {hat the English malls to and from New Zealand should be carded direct between King George's Sound and Otago. Mr. Grant Btated in the Legislative As- sembly last night, that if the House parsed the Railway Management Bill theGovemment would take immediate storm to lease the Government railways. Ho hoped before the prorogation of Parliament to lay before the House the conditions on which Ministers would propobo to lcaee the lineF, and he hoped to ece them' lot beforo the close of the present year. The council of the Acclimatisation Society met, as usual, on .Tuesday, and the following resolution was unanimously passed :-"The conned of the Acclimatisation Society hereby exprebs their deep rcaret at tho death of C. J Griffith, Ebq, their highly-valued colleague, and unanimously resolve that the council do now adjourn, in order thereby to testify their respect for the memory of the departed gentleman ; and, further, that this minute be entered on the rocord» of the council " The council adjourned'accordingly. At tho Williamstow n Police Court yester- day, before Mr. F. Call, P.M., James Shea, a seaman belonging io the United States ship J. Montgomtry, was apprehended hy the water police on warront, charged by tho master with assaulting him on board the sbip on the 3rd inst., in Hobsons Bay. ''Charles Hamilton, the master of the ship, informed the Bench that the prisoner refused to do any morewoik on board tho ship, and'demanded his discbarge. About half-past seven o'clock on 3rd inst. he was about placing him in. irons, till authority could be ohtaiued from.' the consul to prose- cute, when tho prisoner drew his sheath-knifo and attempted to stab him. Fortunately, the knife only cut through his, trousers and pants, without inflicting any wound. The steward of the ship corroborated tho master's evi- dence. Tho prisoner wa3 sentenced to twelvo weeks' hard labour on board tho hulks. Ed- ward Cotter and DavidJ Smith, charged with throwing stones and damaging tho property of Mr. Murphy, licensed publican, at the Wer- ribee, were fiued £5 each, or one month's im prisonment. Donald Buchanan, oharged with sheep stealing, was, on tho application of Inspector Nicolas, further remanded for eight days. A lecture will be delivered this evening, at the Victorian Free Church, Park- slreet, Abbotsford, East Collingwood, by the Rev. J. Smith, who has resided nearly twenty years in Cawnpore, Agra, and Delhi. The subject will be "On the religions, politics, mutiny, and future prospects of India." In reply to Mr. Richardson, last night, Mr. ll'Culloch said ho was not aware whether HIB Excellency the Governor had made any re- presentations to the home Government rela- tive to the kidnapping of the natives of tho South Sea Islandp, but he would ascertain, and inform the House next day ; but he was sure that a mero allusion to the subject would be quite sufficient to induce His Excellency to communicate with the home Government on the subject. Mr. Levey last night gave notice that, on Friday, he should ask the MInistjr of Justlco to supply a return of the number of inquests held, and the deaths registered, in the police districts of Digby, Coleraine, and Oarlestown, during tha yoar ending July 81,18G3. In reply to Mr: Snodgrass, Mr. Heaks stated last night that the amount of Iocs sustained by the revtnuc by the act of reducing the assessment upon cattle from 3s. to 2s. per head, was £20,813. According to the last re- turn, 31,403 horses and 384,62a oattlo were depastured upon Crown lands. 