THE FA TE OF GR A2". TO THE KDITOn OP THE ARGUS. Sir,-Seeing several letters in The Argus in refcrènco to poor Gray's death, I feel very desirous of receiving some explicit and re- liable information in regard to the manner of it. From all I have read and heard about his death, it seems to me to be enveloped in a sort ' of haze or uncertainty, and that part of Mr. M'Kinlay's diary which speaks of the discovery of tho skeleton of n white man, with two sabre cuts on the body, still adds to tho mystery. I consider that information from your pen or from somo other reliable source, would pre- servo people's minds from the impression that poor Gray's death was hastened or caused by brutal usage. When there is the least ground for suspicion, people are apt to imagine the worst, and I cannot but say that there seems to me to be some, room for bad impressions to bo engen- dered on tho mind fiom what has hitherto transpired in connexion with Gray's death. Any information through your columns elucidatory of the matter will be eagerly sought for. Yours respectfully, AN INQUIHE11. Melbourne, Jan. 8. . [There is no reason whatever to doubt the evidence contained in Wills's diary, and also that of King, the only surviving competent witness, us to tho cause and manner of Gray's death. There is nothing whatever to warrant the cowardly and infamous imputation which has been cast on tho memory of Burke by anonymous and interested enemies. That Gray received a thrashing, a fortnight or to beforo his death, is perfectly true-that ho richly deserved it, as a thief who tried to steal from the lives of his comrades to sustain his own, is no less certain. There is nothing more astonishing in tile history of this cxpedi tion than the sort of moibid sympathy which has been expi essed for Gi av, the one unworthy member of the pnity. Injured ami" insulted as our" hfroes have been through life and in death, the worst outrage which can now he offered to tho much-abused name of -Burke jst to believo him capable of the murder of,Gray, The very existence of such a belief is a scnndnl to the manhood of Victoria.] A Hard Case.-A hard caso was brought beforo the Bench yesterday. Some few days ago a mau named Fulton was charged with altering a cheque from £8 8s. to £8 18s" and he was remanded to yesterday. On being brought up yesterday he was further remanded to Monday, but in the meantime his wife, who by the way is the mother' of two children, is arrested and charged with uttering tho forged document. It appears to us that this is a stretch of authority on the part of tho police amounting almost to persecution, becauso if tho cheque was, as alleged, uttered hy tho prisoner s wife ho wns certainly privy to it, ' and ho is responsible for her acts. Justice would havo been amply met had tho prosecu- tion been limited to the conviction of the pri- soner, without embroiling his poor who and two helpless children.- Geelong Advertiser, Jan. 3. MonE Bush Fires.-Duringtho week exten- sivo bush tires have bren raging neorly all. round Kilmore. On Wednesday tho atmos- phere was most oppressively hot, the day being by far the hottest wo have had this season. Considerable damage will doubtless have been done in tho district.-Kilmore Examiner, Jan. 1. Extensive Fire in the Loddon District. -We have been informed by a gentleman lately returned from the locality, that at the station of Mr. James Bryden, on the Loddon, about forty miles from Sandhurst, a fire broke out on Wednesday evening last, which completely destroyed the outbuildings, a very large reaping machine, and 10,000 bushels of oats ,the whole amountof the destruction being about £8,000. Mr. Bryden, he states, was not insured, it is supposed that the fire was com- municated by a bush-fire that was burning near the station.-Bendigo Advertiser, Jan. 3. AcoitiENT -A serious accident happctied in Mitchell-street yesterday morning, A child named Connard, only ont* year and a half old, had wandered into tho rood, and was run over by ahorse and dray bcionging to a man named D'Brian. The wheel of the dray paused over the child's arm and one of its lees. It was immediately taken to Dr. Boyds surgery, i where it wus found that the arm was very much injured, ami the leg broken below the knee. The broken limb was sot, and tho other injuries attended to, and the little sufferer was taken homo.-Bendigo Advtrhter, Jan, 3, 