No. IV. No. 125 is a sea piece that might of course ilo for almost any part of tlie coast in which tliere is a pile-jetty in the foreground and a headland in the distance. In this case, however, the vessel set on her stern with bows heaven- pointing, which enters into all views of Lowestoft, indicates that famous fishing town. If any one is particularly liable to that terrible mal de mer we advise them not to go too near or to look too long or they may suddenly feel as if the Institute were drifting down the gulf in a short chopping sea. The boat being hauled along is very well done indeed, as is the smack in midwater. The whole keeping of the picture is good, and the distance is duly subordi nate to the maiu points of the picture without being slurred. No. 123. A neatly-painted scene from Walter Scott's "Pirate." Those familiar with the tale will remember tbe scene. Cleveland is evidently fascinating Minna and Brenda with his music, while Magnus Troilis in tbe background. Nos. 127, 134, and 137. Three admirable water colour landscapes, painted by the same artist as 11!), and in the same Style, with opaque colour largely used. The first is a view near Luss, over looking Loch Lomond; the second is a scene on the same lake, with the lovely Isle of Tarranach rearing its wooded crest above the waters; and the third, the Isle of Arrau at the mouth of the Clyde. This, though a pleasing and well-painted scene, yet fails to reproduce the frowning crags of Goat Fell. The local colour is inexplicable when we think of the deep-toned tints and sombre masses of the rocky isle itself. No. 139 we are sure will please all parties. Its tone is so bright and suuny that the eye is attracted to it at once in preference" to those pictures whose tone is heavier; and the whole scene is animated and cheerful. "Boulogne Sands!" who does not remember your pleasant scenes, and the varied joyous groups ever to be met with on your vast expanse! There is Paterfamilias himself—the real Simon Pure—with his daughters about him. In front a group of French children are gathered. Perhaps the English party arc ; trying their hest "Stratford atte Bow"' French, for most English men and women make their first bona fide effort to speak French in Boulogne; and the young man is sketching the children and the fine group of bare-legged fisuwomen beyond. On the sands are seen the usual groups of donkey riders, shell-pickers, and various idlers. The Hotel des Bains, seen in tlie rear, with its mauy windows, will remind some of its endless items in the bill; while the Haute Ville stretches away in the distance, and the Napoleon Column stands on the cliff top, white against the sky. No. X2S is one of the same class mentioned be fore as factory pictures, and has much of the still ness and hardness of tlie class in general. A lane near Dorking, with cottage, is the subject of the piece, and in the background tlie spectator can just see the knack of the painter shown in the range of trees with gilded tips, which he cannot ociil. 'Tis evidently his favourite touch. No. 133 belongs to a style of art altogether diffe rent. It is by Thomas \Vyck, a Dutch painter, of the date 1365, and reminds one of Claude's pic tures, but tile tone is much heavier. Still there is the genera! resemblance of a stately mansion of Italian architecture, with a colonnade and ilight of -steps leading down to the water, a barge waiting for the company wliich in brave attire and with much state is about to embark. The picture will rcuay inspection. No. 133 is an interesting coast scene, in which all the pains have been bestowed on the figures in the centre. The old fisherman, the grey horse, and dog are cleverly done. No. 142. The old Berkshire, in which some of the early settlers came to tins colony, is repre sented at anchor, probably in Holilfast Bay. .She is in that state in which a ship is least picturesque, being all straight lines, and the principal ones at right angles with each other. We also wonder whether her topmasts were really so very long. No. 143. 5, are two interesting oil sketches, called bv the name of Jforland. They are well worthy the attention of young artists, who are generally ready to sacrifice everything to minute finish of subordinate parts. They both show how much may be effectively done by a free, bold working. Nos. 144audl47- A study of trees and a land scape. Both done by the same hand, and both worthy of notice. Nos. 140 and 145. A pair of Schramm's land scapes, with the usual characteristic of his mind and hand. The one has a bush-fire atmosphere; the other an orient sky. On tlie pier between the windows will he found ' a collection of Chinese pictures of deeply interest ing character, both in themselves and oh account of the place of production. Nos. 150. 152, 131, and 132 form a series of views of Chinese scenes. The painting is wonderfully sharp and minute: and though in the matter of perspective immense improvement has been made , among t-hein, jet still tliev have something to ! learn. For instance, the " City of Victoria, llong . kong." is completely extinguished by the moun tain at tlie back: and in all the backgrounds aie t too prominent. i Nos. 153 and its unnumbered feliow are scenes I in Chinese gardens—the real old-fashioned gardens j that we gazed upon in our childhood on cups and | plate, and such occasional pictures as might have readied England in those days, and wondered | whether the strange scenes could really belong to I our planet. These gardens may have given the | original idea to the artist of the willow-pattern ] plate. There are gaudily-painted summer-houses j as grotesque in foim as they are bright in colour: ! there are the rectangular fish-pouds; there are j the circular and octagonal doorways; and there is j the kind of dreamland that China lias hitherto been to us. And just turn to that extraordinary : portrait and you will see at once the sort of people you would expect to find in such gardens. We refer to No. 100. It represents Howqua, a wealthy banker of Canton. It is wonderfully painted; but the face itself arrests the gaze. There is intelligence enough, bat still it is different from ours. The man is even a gentleman, and the owner of such a head and face would claim and receive respectful attention in any civilized country; but how you look upon that shorn crown and iliat strange face as something passing strange. You would not cry Fau qui lo; but it is very foreign nevertheless. Query, has opium anything to do with that pecu liar eye? Ladies will be delighted with the exqui site embroidery on the bankers breast and cutis. Nos. lot and 155 are oval-framed water pieces, with what we may take to be a passenger junk in the fore and the ftogue Fort in the back ground of the first, and a woman's boat in the second. The shape of the frames causes a large amount of water to be seen m the foreground, which detracts somewhat from the keeping of the whole. The minting is very good. A numberof similar scenes by Chinese artists will repay examination. No. 172 is a very pretty land _ pretty landscape in oil, finished to a very high degree. No. 171. An etching of forest scenery, by Ant. Waterlo, which manifests the needle of a master iu its execution, as well as the mind of a master in design. Nearer the door will he observed a series of crayon sketches, which are b >th interesting and valuable, as being thorouglilj- Australian, and drawn by a bushman from nature. The scenes are chiefly Australian hunting pieces, as might be expected when a bushman paints con amore, re presenting the chase of the kangaroo, emu, and ! wild cattle, and other bush incidents, and, though not by any means perfect as works of art, have yet some admirable touches in them. 