EDUCATION. To the "Editor of The Herald , Sir,— My nttcntion lins been directed to a letter in your .isBno of Saturday's date, signed " Aristidcs," in which tho writer BtnteB that, wliilo during lato years tho expense of living, etc., liavo boen steadily declining, tho expenses of the Model Schools liavo been increasing. Tiio writer, to provo his statement, quotes from, tho 8th and 9tU reports of tha lata National Board. ' I regret to Btate that an error has crept into tho statistical tablo .appcndod to tho last (tlio ninth) roport of that Board. At pago 21, it is staled that tho total cost per child in nvorago attendance at tlio Model Schools, during t ho year 1801, wns LlO 19s 2d, being to tho Board, in salaries, L7 15s 9d ; and to tlio parents, in bcIiooI fees, L3 3s 5d. -Tito correct Btatomont is, that tlio cost during tho year was L7 15s 9d, viz. : to tho Board, L4 12s 4d, and to the parents, L3 3) 5d. In tho Model Schools, tlio fees nro paid to tlio Board's credit, nnd not — as irf other schools — to tho toacborB in augmentation of salary. Tbo financial statomont, at pago 57 of tho last roport, shows that the amounts paid in salaries in 1861 was L324G 15s lid, while tho ; fees rcceivod wero L1322 2s Gd. Deducting > tlio latter sum from the former, it follows that the expenso to tlio board wns L1924 13s an, ana to ttto parents, xilaze es Oa ; and, dividing thoso sums by 417, llio nvorago attendance, wo linvo tlio figures nbovo referred to. Tho following tablo gives the cost upon the average attendance sinco 1858 : — Year. Salaries. Fees. Total. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. <!.' 1858... G 15 3 2 18 11 t) 14 34 1859... 5 19 9 3 2 7 0 2 4 1806... G 18 8 3 5 7 10 4 3 1801... 4 12 4 3 3 5 7 15 9 This statement showB a decrease in the cob£ to tho bonrd of about 33 per cent, as compared with 1 860 ; while tho decroaso in fees as compared with tho same year is but trilling, nnd there is an actual increase of nearly 8 pee cent, in fees ovor tho year 1858. I nm, Sir, your most, obedient, servant. BENJAMIN F. KANE. -Education office, Melbourne, 19th January," 18G3. tne Government Reservoirs. — It is highly desirable that tbo miners in tho neighbourhood of thoso hitherto nil but useless sheets of water, should bo informed of tho exact terms on which thoy can obtain water, as for tho next two months a supply of that indis pensable clement in mining operations, cannon bo calculated on from tho rainfall. "Wo ara informed that in the Fryer's Creole district, tlio Bum charged is Is G 1 por 1003 gallons, and in tlio Daylosford district, the charge is Is 3d per hour. In the former case, our in' formant calculates that it costs tho minors 2s 9d per load to wash in n puddling maohiuo. It is quite plain, 'therefore,, that this cbargo amounts not to a " protcotive," but ton "pro hibitive" tax, and that except in vory rare in stances tlio lesorvoirs can never ha utilized foe the' purposes lor which they wcro constructed.' On what calculation is tho charge mado ? and why tlio differonco in modo of collection bc- twocn Daylesford and Fryer's Greek ? IVho. 'fixed tlicse prices? Is tho income derived from water eold sufficient to pay tho salary of tho officer, who rejoices in tha fitlrt ftf CKYnnni rtf UABAFtfrnVo 9'' Time. queries occur to our mind as most por- tinont; aud another suggests itself also. Will tho Mining Department, on arriving at a solu tion of the last query, coutinuo to act tho dog in the manger, or will thoy, by bringing the price within the means of tho miner, enablo somo ono to profit by what at present benefits no ono ? Tho water now useful- in a fow months would bo perfectly valueless, so tlmfi tho argument that tho water is wonh so much and ought not to bo sold under its value, is untenablo. " Tho valuo of a thing, is just as much as it will briug." This axiom of politi cal economy ought to bo brought to bear, and tho lccoper of reservoirs might well earn bis crust by ascertaining what tho article bo kocpB will bring in the limitod market available. Tho present depressed state of tho goldfieldsg and tho disposition which exists amongst tho miners to rush to Now Zealand, should warn tho Mining Department, tlmt ovcry just moaner of encouraging and fostering mining, ought to bo gladly seized hold of. Wo trust, there fore that this sublet will rccoivo nromnfc at- tention.- — jlf A.. Mail, 10th January. The i»ite iiites. — A vory elaborate and carefully prepared roport of tlio damage dono by tho lato bushfires has boen presented co the Briinf Committeo by a sub-committee of that body consisting of Messrs. Gt. T. Maddiaon and J. Ilutoheson Tha enquiries of theso gentlemen have boon confined to tho farmers around Hamilton," tho losses of tho squatters, many of whom have Buffered severely, nob having engaged their attention. By the report wo find that tho sufferers number 31a amoug,whom are Messrs. M'Arthur, Bond, Freeman, Patterson, Hickmore, Nippo, MTnneSjMardcn, Forsyth, Poynton,M'Dcnalds Mason, Rankin, Spring, M'Ncill, Pelcherj Jackson, Britton, Olollnnd, Goulbon, Walker, J.Austin, M'Grcgor, Walker, M'Lean, M'JFar lane, Walters, and Tomlim. About two thirds of tlio sufferers havo oxprcssed a desire to obtain relief from tho committeo, the remainder being in sufficiently affiucnt circumstances to bear their loss without assistance. On examining tho report wo find that independent of build ings, agriculturol implements, and in some instances the wholo household effects, includ- ing clothing, tho loss' amounts to about <10 acres of standing crops and 32 miles of fencing of rarious descriptions. Besides tho foregoing, a good deal of farm stock has been destroyed, Buch as pigs, poultry, nnd in a fow coeds Boma cuttle.' — Hamilton Fpcclalor '10 what vile uses has it coate at last — Wo I rust thnt this paragraph will meet with, general circulation as tbo last " nnd most un kindost cut of all," to tho mnch abused prac- tico of wearing crinoline. Wo havo read of fatal accidents, whoso. warnings havo proved of no avail ; of narrow cpoapes and diflioulc posi lions which liavo failed to affoct tlio natural modesty of woraon in genoral j but of all the scenes wo ever road of that of Thursday, ia Daylesford, should bo circulated to try what ridiculo can accomplish. Ono of tbo aboriginal women appeared in tbo pub- lie street, dressed out in a full- blown crinoline, and in her imitations of tbo moro civilised members of her sex, excited much amusement, Sho was accompanied by hor husband, who appeared equally pror d of tho swelling proportions of hia lubra nndh?C imitative deportment generally. By-and-b/ 1 howovor, eomo of tho gear went wrong, and to tho horror of the simple couple, db wcllaB tlio confusion of all passers, tlio w hole an angemonfc suddenly dropped off, leaving tho perplexed lady standing in puris naturalibus in the centro of tho publio road. Her royal husband-— for it was no other than King Billy — shared in tho cliffioulty, tho novelty of lLo nttiro di con certing his best efforts. In tho end, howovor, bo succeodod in putting on tho thing tho wrong way up, and tho littlo bla?k legs of tbo lubra might bo aeon trotting awy, while tho rosfc of. her person was onvelopod in tlio oxpandod crinoline bold ovor hor bead. Horo is a. cnutiori to sensible womon. — Dtylesford Express / 