TUESDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1863. One of the least - ostentatious, yet by no means the least important, revolu- tions wliicli the history of the year that is passing hy us will include, is the reaction that has taken place ,in favour of colonial wine as a boveiago for the people. The triumph of the sixpenny tumbler is an event that should be written in capitals in the social calendar of this year of grace. It may be accepted as a progressive step in tliat insurrection against the tyranny of the nobbler, of which we may claim to have been the authors. ' The overthrow of the old regime, which has stood its ground spi- ritedly, in defiance of good morals and the public interest, may bo considered as almost consummated. In the very stronghold of the enemy, the battle has been fought and the victory won. The cartel which now usurps the place in every public-house once sacred to BYASS and HENNESSY, and challenges the public palate on behalf of tho native grape-juice, tells its own tale of revolu- tion. It is at once significant of a triumph and a pledge of better things to come, At what date we may expect to reap the full benefits of tho change that has been initiated will depend upon circumstances, It will depend not so much on the people themselves, whose sympathies are all in its favour, as on the Legis- lature, in whoso power it is to encourage the movement of the people to its fail and rational issue. In plain language; the Government will bo expected te introduce, at the earliest opportunity, i measure having reference to facilitatin' the consumption of colonial wine. Then can be no ignoring tho wishes and in clination of the community. The lessoi has been taught our rulers, any hones publican will repeat it to them, auc their own wits must draw the conclusion If they desiro to further the reform tha is certainly not due to them, they mus remove the existing obstructions in it; way. If theydesireto promote the tastefo the unadulterated juice of the Victoriai vineyard, they must modify or totall; abolish the existing monopoly of retail We cannot afford to submit our moral to the control of a corporation. Th licensed victuallers havo had their use ii society ; but their day is past. It is pos sible that the interests of society wei concerned in the existence of som power which should regulate the sale o intoxicating liquors. But with th abolition of intoxicating liquors as i popular beverage, it is very evident tha the occupation of these guardian spirit will be gone. If Parliament is afraii to venture on the suppression c an institution that was organized ti meet an evil which will he out of date it must, at any rate, muster up sufficien courage to remodel that anomalou system which threatens to confine th circulation of the inoffensive tumble Another year must not close upo the mischief in operation among u He -will be a benefactor to his thirst country who defies prescriptive righ and extends the domain of claret int every refreshment-room. It is'needlei to dwell on the effects of such a di criminating and statesmanlike inn vation. All the advantages of ten perance; all those moral advantag which spring from decrease of drunken ness, and of the crimes and vices of which drunkenness is tho natural parent; all the economic effects—effects which will soon bo apparent in the diminish! expenditure for gaols and charitable institutions- will help to swell the reputation and the credit of the enterprizing innovator. If, however natural timidity assert itself, and no one comes forth to do battle with the Philistine, some other mode of promoting the cause must be adopted. If the fate of last session's Licensed Victuallers Bill is to folh any measure that may bo introduc in the coming session-a catastrop which we pledge ourselves, on the pub behalf, to do our utmost possible prevent-an equivalent concession, some other form, must be made the spirit of reformation that is abroi A correspondent, -whose letter *we gi in another column, renews the old p position for intercolonial free trade native wine ; and he obviously enou exemplifies thopolicy of adiminished du by calculating the increased consun ti on and the increased contribution to 1 revenue. But the fiscal considérât: does not stop with an enlarged/ custo entry. Any extensive increase in 1 consumption of local wines will depc upon an increased appreciation of ' wines themßelves j and it is no sacri of our reputation to admit that, for present, Yictoria is behind her 1 nearest neighbours as a producer liquor calculated to promote the taste the native article. To creato a demi for our own growth, we must let in growth of New South Wales ¡ of South Australia as freely as j sible. If wo want to get a patron for our own market, wo must i patronize tho superior market of neighbours. In this way, wo shali time foster our own industry, and i a benefit to the Btato not to bo measi by the mero immediate increase revenue, which a more generous t would undoubtedly bring to the natii exchequer. The impulso to produc that would follow on tho impulse to mand would soon exhibit results in tlie vine-growing statistics of the Registrar General as well as in the budget of the Treasurer. The interval of abstinence, to borrow a phrase from political eco- nomy, would bo spent by the home viticulturist in a manner that would insure an increased supply, and an im- proved character in the ai tide produced. Both in quantity and in quality, there would be no apprehension that he would fail the consumer. The merits of the domestic growth would be acknowledged, to the exclusion of tho stranger, and the extent of the domestic trade following that acknowledgement would very soon repay tho stato fourfold for the loss of its customs, by the stimulus it would give to the fructification of the national capital. The Waikato war has had its back broken at Eangariri. The majority of the leading chiefs fell there, or became captives and hostages to the Pakeha. The great insurgent tribe, the inosfc powerful and united in ttho island ?which established the King movement, which held up the banner of Maori in- dependence, and which constitutes the strength of the present rising-is at last humbled; and King MATUTAERA and TURAPIPIPI, or THOMPSON, "the King " maker " and ablest counsellor of the natives, are both suing for peace. It is not, to be sure, wholly im- possible that a second stand may be attempted, for one of the subdivisions of Waikato-the sept of Ngati-maniapoto -having quarrelled with its fellows, was absent from the late fight, and, having escaped the beating there, is said to be anxious to try another battle on it3 own account. Indeed, as proof of the resolve, we hear that the members of this Bept endeavoured to carry off tho flagstaff from the King's residence, to prevent its falling into the hands of our advancing soldiers, but were frustrated by the other Waikato clans, who desired in this way to corroborate their submission. We do not believe, however, that there will be any moro fight- ing in that quarter ; if there is, it will be prompted purely by tho bellige- rent spirit, not by any latent hope in the native mind of success. And when fighting is over with Waikato, the only other Maories involved aro the frag- mentary clans of Taranaki, incapable by themselves of serious resistance. The war is likely to end, therefore, far more speedily than was expected. But before Rangariri at all, it was evident that the insurgents had begun to find their objects hopeless. They wero led into a false estimate of their power by the way we closed the former war-by our seri- ous mistake in practically abandoning the Taranaki province ; so they believed that by a general rising thoy would experience no greater difficulty in blot- ting out the other colonies. But oui extensive preparations dismayed the tribes in genera]. The Uga pubis of the northern peninsula, second only inpowei and equal in martial credit to the Waikatos, havo remained perfectly quiet with their neighbours the Rarowa and Haapouri. They were separated from the insurrection by the Auckland colony and by our army j they could bo assailed at all points by sea and land, and so they dared not stir, and did not. Those great tribes of the east coast, and of the central districts, the Ngati-re- huhuni. the Ngati-walmua, and tho eastern Ngali awa, when they made no sign, were visited personally by TURAPIPIPI, but they wen deaf to persuasion.^ Only a few of theil young men went north to the war. The chiefs and the bulk of the tribes refused to have a band in it. Similarly, in tht Cook's Straits country, at the south, th< Waikato emissaries gathered no help bul stray volunteers. In a word, Waikato was early disappointed in the expecta tion of a general rising. The one grea division of the Maori race which begai the battle has been left to finish it, ant the circumstance naturally accounts f o the sudden prospect of its termination We may parenthetically observe, in speak ing of those tribes, that the tern " Ngati," which is the prefix not onli of the majority of the great divisions o the race, but of their numerous sub divisions also, has the same meaning a the Arab " Beni," or Celtic " Mac" ant "0"-signifying "the descendants" o posterity of some particular individual and denoting the common origin of th clan. Only a few of the sept-confederacie took names of a territorial character like the Eangitane, once powerful in th South Island ; like the Karewa and th now nearly extinct Haapouri, north c Auckland ; and like the Waikatos, wh derive their appellation from the rivei which is the feature of their country and the literal interpretation of whos name is " flowing water," equivalent t our Yarra Yarra. The Maories differ from all othe aboriginal races our colonists have com in contact with, by their romarkabl endowment of tho reasoning facultj Indeed, they resemble Europeans mile more than the ordinary natives of ne1 countries in possessing the gifts c common sense and practical sagacit which are iisually supposed to be th result of long civilization. Thoy ha\ manifested those qualities in the preser instance by their ready perception of th situation. The majority, we see, forboi to -join a struggle which offered thei the last promise of independence, bi which they had at the same time ti wit to recogDizo as perfectly hopeless while the tribe which started the wi has seized the first opportunity of stoj ping short of extremities. All this v cannot mistake for want of spirit, for ti New Zealander has the substantial se dierly characteristics-ho is a reac warrior and a "die-hard." We mi therefore fairly set it down to the shrew ness which accepts things as thoy ai when things as ho would wish thom to Ï aro plainly unattainable. Tho British G vcrnment havo dealt in a better fashii with the Maori than is the wont of t white man with the aborigines touches. Downing-street is willirj indeed anxious, to guarantee him a sul cient share of his country if he will li at peace with the white settlers, and I come with thom a quiet subject of t one Government. And-if he accc those conditions, as by present appei anees is not improbable, there is no ri reason why tho original New Zealanc should not increase and multiply,in9tead of disappearing like other native neigh boiiis1 of/ourv colonies.- "Wo say so, be-,, cause, iii spite of " the current rapid, do cline of his race, we venturo to believe it is wholly from prcvcntible causes. Tlio furious intestino wars which dimi- nished his peoplo before our colonists Bottled in his islands at all, the sagacity which he so quickly imbibed from our civilization has for some years wholly put an end to. There has not for a lengthened period been any fighting between the various tribes. Gunpowder, therefore, one o£ tho three chief scourges which sweep off aborigines after contact with the whites, has had for years little to do with the decline of tho Maori population. Arid the other two main causes, the rum bottle and the diseases consequent on profligate intercourse with the stranger, have just as little to do with it. Tho New Zealander is no longer the victim of intemperance, like the North American Indian or Austra- lian savage; and it is an extraordi- nary fact, not yet fully explained, but a fact nevertheless, that though the coasts of New Zealand were as much a Nouvelle Gythere to the crews of European ships as the archipelagos of Polynesia, the disgusting maladies brought from European ports had not the same pre- valence and deadly fruition thero as in tho rest of the South Sea Islands. So the rapid decline of Maori population proceeds almost entirely from its being in the transition stage between bar- barism and civilization-from tho modes and details of lifo under old circum- stances being discarded, and those under tho new being impioperly or imperfectly adopted or understood. l'or example, in his dwellings, the Maori, formerly afraid of the neighbouring tribe, built his pah or whare on the top of some steep hill, a healthy site, from whence tho occupants daily descended, duly armed, to till the land in the low ground below j for tho tribes, be it remarked, never, no matter how hostile, molested each other's growing crops. But now that the danger of mutual murder is over they have ceased to build their huts at a dis- tance from their faims. They set them up beside them, often in moist situa- tions, as the most fertile ; and as they sleep on the ground, and as the huts are small, there is a baleful exhalation, in- creased by the heat of a number ol human bodies. Then, in substituting the blanket for the stiff mat, thoy have a gaiment which much more feebly repels tho moisture of a variable climate, and they wear the same garments, no mattei how damp or wet, by night as well as by day. In food, too, though they at pre- sent raise corn and cattle, aa they do no1 yet fully appreciate them, they sell the best to the settlers, and they have con- tracted a taste for steeping their corr and maize until it begins to putrefy. Under such circumstances there is, as may be supposed, a vast mortality, and especially among children ; and the want of " knowledge of common things/ which it is hard to teach even a civilised peasantry, is tbo existing curso of the Maories. By and by, as they advance they will get over that. Thoy have naturalgood sense and energy, and, to a remarkable extent, will and self- control sufficiently proved by their general aban- donment of the use of alcoholic spirits and the cessation of domestic wars. So, in a few years, if they can only live at peace with the whites, and turn again to agri- cultural industry and progress in civiliza- tion, as between 1846 and 1853, there is fair ground for concluding that the'dimi- nution of the native race would entirelj cease. Such transition stage is alwayi a trying one, but the less promising Cherokees and Choctawa in JNortî America had surmounted it, and theil numbera bad ceased to decrease, anc were rapidly multiplying, when thoy wen removed west of tho Mississippi. Th< Maories will be more honourably deal with-will have fuller and fairer oppor tunity of development ; and let us trust in fulfilment of the prophecy of SYDNEY SMITH, will yet bo permanent and valu able subjects of the British Crown. Our telegram from Sydney (In another colaron) contains unusually painful news. It is E-tated that on Saturday last Mr. Charles Fairfax, eldest son of Mr. John Fairfax, of the» Sydney Morning Herald (and one of the pro- prietors of that journal), was thrown from, his horsowhen returning from the office to his residence on Saturday last, and sustained in- juries of so severe a character that the accident terminated fatally yesterday morning. It ia only a few weeks sinco the deceased roturnnd from England, with his wife and family, where he had been for a considerable period for the benefit of his health, and his untimely death will bo greatly lamented by a very wide cirolo of friends. He was an energetic and eetimablo member of society, and we regret the loss in him of a most woithy member of the brother- hood of the press. The sympathy willoh the suddenness of the calamlly must evoke for the bereaved family will be general wherever Mr. Fairfax's namo was known. Tile Ma-tor of South Barwon and tho Mayor of Newtown and Chilwell, who were accompanied hy Mr. Richardson, M.L.A., had an interview with the Chief Secretary yester. day, relative to an application made by the council of-the latter borough to be vested with the control of the Prince Albert Bridge, over the River Barwon, and tha approaches thereto. The bridge divides tho two boroughs, and it was constructed, along with the ap- proaches on both sides, by the Council of Newtown and Chilwell, who based their ap- plication on the 271tt clause of the new Municipal Act. The council of South Bar- won opposed the application, on the ground that, if granted, it might lead to a toll being established by the other borough preju- dicial to the interests of the inhabitants of South Barwon, and, even if no toll wore Im- posed, would virtually extend the boundaries of Newtown and Chilwell by encroaching upon thoEo of South Barwon. After a conver- sation on the merits of the disputo, it waa mutually agreed that the question should be left in abeyance until the Council oí Newtown and Chilwell had had an opportunity of con- sidering a compromise which it was intimated the other council would probably shortly be in a position to offer ; and an assurance was given that in the meantime South Barwon would keep the approaches on their side of the bridge in good repair. Horatio Nelson, the man charged with the extensive forgeries upon the Bank of New South Wales, was again brought before the City Court yesterday, and the evidence in the case having been taken, he was committed for trial. The facts of the case are very simple. On the 16th of October the prisoner went into the shop of Mr. Troedel, an engraver, in Col- lins-street, and after a little conversation wished to give an order for the printing of 2,000 £5 notes on the Bank of New South Wales; Melbourne and 4,000 on the New Zea- land branch of the same bank. Mr. Troedel declined to take the order then, and requested the prisoner to call again at five o'clock that afternoon. He did so, but in the meantime Mr. Troedel had given information to the detective-office, and Detective Berliner was then in an adjoining room, whore he could hear what passed between the prisoner and the assistant in the shop. At a subsequent visit Borliner, in the guise of a partner in the business, met the prisoner himself, and, pointing out the difficulties in the way of making an exact copy, got the prisoner to increase the terms he had offered, and to make a futher pay- ment on account. Prisoner said all he wanted was a sufficiently near imitation that it could not be detected with the naked eye. He afterwards called to say that he was not at all particular. If it was too difficult to engrave notes on that bank, Oriental Bank notes would do as well. He was told that the work was begun. At a subsequent visit he decided to have the signatures engraved upon the same plates. He had arranged that the Mel- bourne notes should be finished first aud on a visit on the 19th inst., the 2,000 com- pleted notes were handed to him, together with the two plates. He promised to pay what was owing when the other order was exe- cuted, and left the shop with his bundle. However, he had not proceeded far before he was encountered by Detective Eason, who, utterly disregarding tho prisoner's prostesat- tins that he was "an English nobleman, travelling for pleasure," stopped him, and examined his bundle. The prisoner, seeing this, threw down the notes, and seized Eason by the throat, and a tough struggle ensued beforo he was fairly mastered. The prisoner begged Berliner, who had by that time ar- rived, to see to some money he had dropped, and which he declared he had brought from England. This, of course, was the forged notes. The prisoner was at once marched off to the waterhouse, and charged with the forgery. Tho Hamilton Spectator of the 25th instant says :-" Since we last wrote on the state of the crops-three weeks ago-a very material alteration for the woree has taken place. Tho week of wet weather that we had was very injurious to the hay crop, the great bulk of which waa lying on the ground. "We have no doubt a good deal was irretrievably spoilt, and tho quality of a great proportion was a good deal injured. But the worât feature of tho season in this district is the caterpillar, which has made its appearance In the last fortnight, and has attacked the crops, particu- larly the wheat crop, with a violence alto- gether unparalleled in t'..e farming experience of tho Grange. Tho infects in question are sometimes of a green and sometimes of a brown colour, and vary in size from half an inch to an inch and a half. They first devour any tender portions that may exist near the Toot; they then climb up the Btilk and eat away tho pirt of the stem just b;Iow the ear, which consequently falls to tho ground destroyed. Ia some places acres of wheat aro standing with the ears cut off with the same precision and regularity as though a pair of shears or a scythe had been used. Mr. ThomrBon, of Croxton, who farms probably the most land of any man in tho district, cal- culates his loss at the present timo from this cause to tho wheat crop alono at £500, Tho insects may be seen marching in millions from ono field to another, and carrying irre- trievable destruction with them. After their visit the crop is reduced to so much uBclesa straw, which in many case3 will not bj worth mowing. The oat crop ia also suffering from the caterpillar, hut not to the same ex- tent at present. Tho state of the grass in this district is perfectly marvellous. Evan in tho near vicinity of tho town, whoro tho miscel- laneous stock grazing ia always large, it Is long, luxuriant, and still quite green. On tho runs all round feed was never known to be so abundant; and if we could oaly secure ex- emption from bush-fires, the runs generally might bo made to carry this year's increase until next shearing-a circumstance which would odd many a thousand pounds to the value of next year's clip." At the Fitzroy Police Court yestorday. Ellen Thompson, charged with drunkenneB', having previously appeared on tho samo charge, was fined 40s., or, in default of pay- ment, seven days' imprisonment. Thomas Crawford, for permitting his cows to wander, was fined Is. and costs. Jame3 Serle, land- lord of the Devonshire Hotel, for not haviDga lamp alight in the front of his premises, was fined 2a. Gd., and costs. Henry Ludimer, charged with permitting his horse with dray to run away through the streets,' was fined 10s. Thomas Harrie, for drawing night-soil through the public streets at improper hours, was fined 40e. and 2B. Gd. costs, or, in default, one month's imprisonment. There was an election for two members of the Dandenong Hoad Board, held at the office of the board, Bridge Hotel, on tho 21st inst. Four candidates were nominated viz., Mcssrp. Huckson, Chandler, Potter, and Strange. The poll resulted in favour of Messrs. Huckson and Chandler. On the fol- lowing day the board met, for the purpose of electing a chairman, when Mr. George Hughes was elected, for the third time. The usual monthly meeting of the Beehive Mining Association (Tarrengower) was hold yesterday, at the offico3 of tho company 37 Mniket-square. Tho directors' report stated that they had much pleasure in reporting a considerable improvement in the prospects of the association. A "winze" was in courao of being sunk from tho 180ffc.'level, which was now down thirty-eight feet deeper than any portion of the ground, and which showed a payable reef about ten feet wide. A level was about to be put in at 230ft, which would take nearly two months to complete, after whichthc manager anticipated, from present prospects, a considerable period of profitablo returns, 'During November, 967J tons (inclusivo of Old tons of bank-stuff) had been crashed, yleldlns 291oz. 8dwt. amalgamj 117oz. 18dwt. retorted, or 114oz. 14dwt. of smelted gold, realizini JC451 6s. lid. As compared .with tha return! of the previous month, this showed an in crease of £144 8s. 8d. in the amount realized for gold. The report waa unanimouslj adopted. There was no business transacted at the Prahran Police Court yesterday. The monthly meeting of the Grand Jonc- tion Mining Association (Tarrengower), whlct was to havo been held yesterday, was ad journed until the meeting in January. Wo aro informed that the Cuätoms dutyjoi tho cargo saved from the wreck of tho Freno! baiquo Iqulquo, recently wrecked near Cap Schanok, will amount to the largo sum o £25,000. It is now being conveyed from th scene of the wreck to a spot where it can b reshipped for Melbourne in Port Philip Ba] near the eastern end of the South Channel. At tho ordinary monthly meeting of ti Eaglehawk Mining Association, hold ycsle day at the offices of tho society. No. 37 Ma kct-square, the report of tho board of manag ment showed that during the month ofN vember, 1,004 tons had passed through ti stamper?, consulting.of 643 tons from ti ground of the association, and 1,601/tons public crushing. The total yield for ti month from,the grquncl of the associatli was"81oz. 6dwt. Since the préfèrent .abai holders' operations commenced, 1,845 tong lad teen raised from the'ground of tho asso elitioD, yielding 170o*-, Idiyr. Jgr., aud; re iUilcg «£C92J llfl- lld' > Tuo sinking of the tigine-Bhaft-was being proceeded with, 37ft. "t. out of the 80ft. having been completed, and the indications continued to ho highly ¡stlflfactory. The report was unanimously adopted. The St. Kilda Oleo and Madrigal Society' «¡vc a concert to night, in tho Town- hall, St. Kilda, on behalf of tho general fund for the jif/erers by tbo lato flood. The programme (Ives promise of an excellent entertainment. The selection is almost confined to part song", tor tho correct and feeling rondoring of -whicb. this society has become noted. The police have three men in custody on ¡"picton of having been implicated in the burglary Bnd robbery at the houso of Mr. G-. j^vey, on lost Saturday morning. One of .¡besOí John Owens, is charged with being the te-ai burglar, and the two others, Edward jBJfer and W. H. Waite, with feloniously re Delving the stolen goods They are at present ¡n the Swanîton-strcct lock-np, and will bo "brought up this morning before the City Btnch to answer tho above charges. A most brutal and unprovoked ca3e of [t-liing has been reported to the police as cc-i-ring at Richmond, at half-past eleven o'clock on Sunday night. At that hour, a tun named John Ivory, employed at Nuna- wading, was returning to that place from Melbourne. When near tho Spread Eagle Hotel, Bridge road, Richmond, he was mot by nunn-quito a stranger to him-who passed Itoty, and then, turning round, asked who ho vas, Ivory states that ho replied, "Perhaps jou know me;" when the stranger drew a inife. and stabbed him on the left temple, lofl'cling a wound about four inches long, -hich laid bare tho bone. He then ran amy in the direction of Hawthorn. Ivory climbed over tho fence of tho Spread E iglo olel, when he was ordered off the promises by atromnn in the yard. He did not mention the (tabbing then, huton getting back to the road le informed a man who carno along what had tappencd. This person at onco brought a constable, loy whom Ivory was taken to the wttchhouse at Eichmond, where his wound ?(tas dressed by Dr. Gregory. It was considered advisable by the doctor that ho Bhould he re- moved to the Melbourne Hospital, where ho TO admitted nt half-past one on yesterday norning, in avery faint state from tho loss of blood. A partial description of tho man «ho committed the assault is in tho hands of the police, who have made very active search (or his whereabouts, hitherto without BUC- KS. A eura of £0 153. has been collected on bard tho steamship Aldinga, by Mr. G. F. 0{den, for the Pearson fund. It is desirable that the subscribers to this fund should now meet, and determine whether the gentle- men who have alreadj expressed their will- ingness to act as trustees should so act, and lev tbe money collected should be invested. II«. Pearson, we are inftrmed, is in a condi- tion of health which requires that the deci- sion of the tiustec3 as to tho manner in which the money shall be invested Bhould not bo dtloyed ; and it is necessary that somo por- tion of the fund should be placed at her dis- posal beforo many days are over. A very serious accident occurred yesterday afternoon on the St. Kilda Kailway, which marly proved fatal to a labourer employed upon the line. From the very little at pre- sent known of tho affair it seems that the tnfoitunate man, whose name has not been BEcertaincd, was at work on the viaduct op poEite Emerald-hill, and was crossing the rails with a number of pieces of wood upon his shoulder, when tho quarter past five p.m. tmin from i St. Kilda carno up. What hin (¡eitd his eEcape does not appear, but he was struck with a fearful blow from the engine, am! knocked a considerable distance clear of the line. Being taken to the hospital in a state of complete insensibility, it was found that he had Buetained somo very serious in- juries about the head, and tho result at a lato hour last evening, was still somewhat uncertain. Uhe armed steamship Victoria loft the bay yesterday, on another mission of mercy. It appears that the Jersey clipper barque -Amazon, which had left Hobson's Bay, in ballast, for tbo Mauritius, on the 12th inst, ?was caught in the recent severe gales. Having ken unable to fnce the hoavy wind and sea, the Amazon was driven back along the coast, and, nanowly weathering Capo Schanck, was driven ashore near Cape Paterson. The crew succeeded in reaching the shore, and will be brought to this port by the Victoria. The death of a child, from injuries received by a fall from the arms of it3 mother, while tho latter was in a state of intoxication, formed the snbjeot of an inquest held yester- day at Fitzroy, before Dr. Youl. The name of the deceased was Mary Ellen Smith, aged five months, the illegitimate child of Mary Smith. 0nthel2lh of last October, the mother of the deceased was admitted to the Immigrants' Home, in consequence of the very ill-health of the child. Deceased was placed under the care of the medical officer, and about the "beginning of last month it had r/srfectly re- covered. The mother was then told that, as her child was well, she would be required to leave, and was advised to get herself a situa- tion. On Thursday, the 24th inst., Bhe stated she had a situation, and, after obtaining hor discharge, loft with her child, tho latter being then in gcod health. She then went to a houso in Peel-street, Fitzroy. On the follow- ing day, it was Btated by a next door neighbour, a Mrs. Ball, that the mothor of the deceased iras BO drunk as to bo nnablo to hold tho child in her arms. Mrs Ball saw her let the child fall from her arms on to the floor of tho house, when it received a severe bruise over the right temple. The following day, the mother was again drunk, and on' Sunday morning was still in each a state as to be quite incapable of doing anything for the child, which was then very ill. continually "vomiting and purging. The child was washed and dressed by the kindness of the next-door neighbour, the mother being unable to assist. At about eight o'clock in the evening, she waa seen to leave the house with the child in her armB; it was then alive,'but very ill. In about two hours after, as Constablo Dempsey was on duty, he received information that a "woman was going up Gertrude street with a dead infant in her arme. He at once fol- lowed, and found the mother of the deceasod coming out of the Exchango notel, where she had been drinking. The child was in her arms dead. She was then taken to the watoh bouBe, and locked up. Being examined as a ?witness, the mother admitted she was drunk on Friday, hut did not think she had hurt the child. On Sunday, she was going to the house of a friend, when it died in her arms. It had been very ill Jail day, but she had no doctor for it. She accounted for the bruiso on the child's head by saying that on Thursdoy, as she was getting into a car to take her from the Immigrants'Home to Fitzroy, her foot dipped, and the bead of the child struck the ear. It cried for some time, but was not in sensible. Mr. T. Hewlett, surgeon, 'deposed lie had made a pott mortem examination of the body of deceased. Externally thero were no marks of violence, Eave tho braise over the temple. Internally,, the brain was much congested, and there was a con- siderable quantity of fluid effusion at the base -of the brain. The ¿kuli waa -. IA 1 J. . \ not fractured. It must have b:en a very severe fall to have inflicted the injury on the temple. It was, such a blow as mlçht rosult from a fall from ,tho arms. Ho 'did not be- lieve that the ,bruise would have buen so severo had it been caused as stated by tho mother. The vomiting spoken of was duo to tho state of tho brain, and did not arise from any disorder of the stomach. Death was caused by the congestion of the brain with effusion, resulting from external vio- lence. Tho verdict of the j ury gave the causo of death in tbo terms used by the last wit- ness, and continued, "and the jury find Mary Smith, the mother of the deceased, guilty of tho manslaughter of hor child." The mother was then committed for trial upon I tho coroner's warrant. I At about half-past four o'clock on Sunday afternoon, the body of a man, who was after- wards identified as William Rankin, stdward to tho brig Rose of Australia, was found on the beach at Sandridgo, noar the Railway Pier. It was at onco removed to the morgue, where an inquest was held on it yesterday bffore Dr. Youl, the city coroner. From tho evidence, it appeared that deceased, at about five o'clock on the morning of the 21th inst., left his brig, which lies alongside the Railway Pier, and went on shoro for the purpose of purchasing meat. Ho went to the butcher 'who was supplying the ship, and, having got the meat, returned towards the vessal. He was seen to go on to tho pier, and down the steps towaids the water. When ho left tho ship, he had a couple of dogs with him-his own and the ship dog-and had stated his in- tention of giving them a swim. This was the last that was seen of the deceased till the recovery of the body. The meat was found bing inside tho gatea of the Railway Pier, and one of tho dogs was picked up out of the water at about eight o'clock of tho samo morning, swimming alongside the brig. Dj ceascd's own dog had not boen seea since. It was surmised that whilo down by the water's edge, sw'mmingthe dogs, the deceased had fallen in, and was thus drowned. There were no marks of violence upon the body, and deceased had no property upon him when he left the vcsst-1. The verdict of the j ury stated that, on the 27th inst, the deceased was found drowned, and expressed the opinion of tho jury that he was accidentally drowned on tho morning of tho 24th inst. The Alabama has beon busy in Eastern watt«. The ship Westminster, from Hong Hong-for tho safety of which some fears were enteitained-arrived in Hobson's Bay on Sunday evening, and Captain Pickering mokes the following report as to the doings of the Alabama:-"Anjer, Wednesday, No- vember 11.-Captain Cummins (late of the Bhip Winged Racei), with his wife, child, and servant, and patt of his ciew, landed from tho ship Julia, of London, and reported his ship as having been boarded and plundered, and set fire to, on the evening of the 9th. The blaze was distinctly seen from the ships in Anjer Roads. Captain Cummins was pre paiing to anchor for the night near the Sumatra coast, clore to i he North Island, when the Alabama hove in eight, with Ame- rican colours flying. She was answered by the Wirged Racer. The Alabama imme- diately hauled down the Araeiican colours, and ran up another flag. A boat's crew from hir then boarded the Wiuged Racer, and ordered Captain Cummins to go on board the Alabama with his papers. Tho captain was alto strictly questioned as to what cargo, stoieo, piivate effects, nauti- cal instruments, chronometers, and watches he had on board, The captain of the Alabama told him if he had a watch in hit pocket to keep it, but that everything else be- longing to him was forfeit. Tho boardew thtn plundered the ship of everything, scarcely giving the orew time to get ovei the side before they rushed into the ladies cabin. Captain Cumming had boen em ploytd for two or threo years in the Chinesi Seas, and bis wife and he had collected yalu ablcs and property to some amount, the whol of which was seized by the Alabama's crow Captain Cummins WBB allowed to tako on. trunk with him. That which he took con taincd valuables belonging to n friend, fo whom he was convoying it home. As he wa only allowed to takeone.hechosetosacriflco hi own property, and WDBliterally d riven out of hi ship destitutoof means, with his wifeaudchild at the dead of night, into a leaky boat, two o three miles from land, with a heavy squal coming on. ' Captain Cummins mot on boan the Alabama another American captain whese Bhip the cruiser bad also plundered am burned. The Federal war steamer Wyomin was at Anjer on the day previous, and won out to the southward. The American shi Hussar, from Melbourne, was at anchor at th timo nt Anjer. Captain Cummins reporl that the crew of the Alabama appeared to b made np of all nations." The Court Hotham, No. 8,199-a flour-htn branch |of the Ancient Order of Forester whose members have increased from 80 to IS during the last two years- held its Christmc festive gathering last night ; and, carryin out the cardinal principles of tho order, : was determined to divido the proceed amongst the following charitable instit! "one:-The Melhourno Hospital, tho Ben volent Asylum, and the two Orphan Asylum The entertainment was under tho patrono; of tho mayor of Hotham (Mr. F. T. Gell), an took place in the Scots' G rammar- school, Che wynd-street. It consisted of an amateurconcei followed by a ball, the latter being tho gre; attraction. It was attended by about ,1¡ ladies and gentlemen. The decorations the room, combined with the gay attire the' ladies, and the glittering regalia of ti officers and brethren of the lodge, produced brilliant scene ; and the company obtaini ampio enjoyment from a programme twenty-five dances. The muEic was providi by Sweetman's band. We understand that a presentation to li'. 0\. E. Horsley, on the part of a number his pupils, took place in Chalmers' Ohurc Eastern-hill, on Saturday night. The pi Ecntation was intended as a mark of t respect and esteem in which that gentlemi is held by those under his tuition. We are requested to acknowledge the ce lectipn of -21 18s., at Christ Ohuroh, Ha thom, on Christmas Day, for tho relief distress occasioned by the recent flood. The match between the elevens of t Albert nnd Melbourne Clubs WBB resum yesterday, and will be finished early this fo noon. There seems to be every probability tt tho result will be a victory for the Albi eleven, in one innings. Their score on Saturd was 196 ; while, yesterday, the Melbourne m only succeeded in making 110 in their iii and sixty-one in their second innings, wi seven wickets down. There was a largo cc course of people cn the ground in tho cou of the day. It is intended that after t finish of the match a game will bo play between eleven players and fifteen gent men. Shortly nfter three o'clock yesterday moi ing a fire broke out in a wooden house Carlisle-street, St. Kilda, owned and occup: by Mr. Philpott. The flames ignited t adjoining buildings of a similar doscriptii and the property of the samo gentleman, a all three were totally consumed. The i ther spread of the conflagration, was, p vented by the exertions of tho St. Kilda F Brigade. A portion of the Melbourne brigc wera also oh the spot, but t-bli; services ' w not required. Tho fire was caused by the bed-curtalns'in'a room occupied hy an in- valid being accidentally ignited with a candle. The buildings were all insured, but nono of the furnituro was. The new edition, revised, enlarged, and greatly Improved, of Birch's Holiday Trip, was repeoted at the Polytechnlo Institute with tho success to which that clever and amusing gentloman is quite acoustom Such happy mingling of laughter and in- struction, song and matter of fact, is not often found, and so the audiences at this place of amusement appear to consider. While Mr. Birch is before his visitors thero is little more than laughter from beginning to end. In consequenco of the withdrawal-sigaod and witne=sed-of Mr. Hanna from his candi- dature of the representation of the E »stern Province in the Legislative Council, the acting returnlng-officer, Mr. Weh-ter, has declared Mr. Robert Turnbull duly elected. In doing this Mr. Webster did not wait for the day appointed as polling-day, which was yesterday, but made tho return on Thursday last. At tho Sandrldgo Police Court yestsrday, Mr, Call, P.M., presiding, Hugh Williims, a seaman belonging to the Wonga Wong» steamer, was brought up for insubordimtion and disobedienco to orders. Captain Trouton. master of the vessel in qnestion, brought the charge, and the evidence for the pro'ecutlon set forth that Williams, on bolng told to sit some trysail, refused to do so, alleging that it was not his watch, and generally evincing an indisposition to obedience. Ho admitted the accusation, pleading in excuse that he had had a grievance, and an infirmity of temper set bim against the officer who had given the order, Two moments afterwards he vould have executed the order, but then be was made to go below. He re- ferred to his many yeara'*good service to his owners in mitigation of sontonco. Tho Bench at first ordered him to be imprisoned for ten days, but at tho instigation of the captain he was simply sent back on board his vessel. Frederick Jackson, a coloured man, was next charged with assisting another coloured man, named Allenson Thompson, to desert from tho American ship Gamecock. He liad been seon loltoring about the vessel all one day, and eventually was found to have got hold of some of Thompson's clotheä. In defence, Thompson tried to make out that the clothes Jackson had taken were meant for a laundress, and not for himself, when he had slipped away from his vessel. It having been made clear that the defendant had been hanging about the vessel for many hours to effect his supposed purpose, the Bench held the caso proved, and fined bim £5, with the olternative of six weeks' imprisonment. Not being able to pay the fine, Jackson was sent to gaol. Wo are requested by tho treasurer of the Melbourne Hospital to acknowledge, with many thanks, the receipt of £20 from tho Politz Testimoniol Committee, being balance of the funds at their disposal, and to ba ap- plied towards purchasing a life governorship ofthat institution for Mr. Julius Politz, The bazaar at Eastern-hill bids fair to realiso the expectations with which it was htnrted. It was estimated that last even- ing's receipts would swell the amount taken to something like £400; and the public in- terest in the curious collection which the show contains does not at present appear to lesson. The foundation-stone of the Episcopal Church about to be erected in East Colling- wood will be laid to-day by His Excellency the Governor. The event will ha preceded by service at St. Mark's Church, Fitzroy, from which His Excellency will be escoited in pro- cession to the site of the now church, in Hoddle-strcet. As this will bo the first official visit of Sir Charles Darling to East Colling- wood, advantago will be taken of tho occa- sion by the mayor and councillors of the borough to present to His Excellency an address of welcome. ' Tho attractions of St. George's-hall will be very largely supplemented for the next few nights, by the addition of Professor Bushell'e electro-biological entertainment to the bill ol faro for the evening. This gentleman made his first appearance at the ball last evening, coming on at tho conclusion of " Christmas in Old England." His strange performance was as successful as usual in affording the greatest mirth to the 'spectators, who unfor tunately were not so numerous as the verj respectable programme for the oveninf deserved. Now that the supply of water for Bulara' is BO imminent, the good folk of tho " metro polis of the gold-fields" intend bestirrinj themselves to have tho Wendowee Swam] converted into a large lake or ornamenta sheet of water, which will b3 available fo private boating, and for regattas on holidays An estimate for the necessary works has beoi made, and it is supposed that £60D or £701 will he amply sufficient to convert tho swam] and its neighbourhood into a most enjoyab'i locality. It is believed, however, that £1,00 will bo readily forthcoming when the projee is fully matured. A meeting of gentlemei who take an interest in the advance of th township will, it is understood, take plac shortly, and effective steps be taken to bringth affair to a successful issue. The residents c Ballarat, who are in the habit of resorting t Buninyong, and other places in the vlcinit of tho township, will thus havo a splondl promenade and drive brought almost to thei own doois. Thero was again an immense house at th Theatre Royal last evening, and many wer unable to gain admittance. As on Situ rd» night, the performances were commenced quarter of an hour before the appointed time Thero wcro a great number of ohildran at th theatre last evouing, and in this particular ti dress circle presented quite a Christmas plctui of happy laughing faces. There was no varii tion in the performances, except that in ti burlesque extravaganza Mr. 0. Young playe Khprsanbad with great force and hum ou dressing the character as well as playing with much originality. The plume of lyr bird's tail feathers is very appropriate t tho burlesque charaotcr of Khorsanbid ; bl the song, with local allusions, is absolute coarse and bad,-wretched doggrel, in won taste. It was doubtfully received; and ti sooner it is removed from Mr. Young's vei clever business in the burlesquo tho bett for his reputation. The harlequinade wi somewhat shortened, but some more of ti less laughable portions of the comio buslne might be excised with advantage to the res All the machinery and the beat scenos wet well; and this really gorgeous Christin entertainment was received with great a plaUBO throughont. The pantomime at the Haymarket Theat again drew a good house last evening, ti lower part of it having been especially wi filled. Seen a second time, the impressic created is that the whole entertainment is t< long, the curtain not falling on tho last It until after midnight The pruning-kni might bo judiciously applied as regan both the opera and the harloquinadi and when that is done, as doubtlc it will be, the entertainment will i crease greatly in popularity. One of i special features is the> closing scone of a which is leally entitled to be classed among rthe best" things 'of, ) the ( kind't that ha' , -I ? .¡J »; .. I . -Jl ' .J been done here. It richly deserves the ap- plause which it calls forth, and it Is evident that tho resources of the theatre have not been spared in ita production. The design ia tory good, and the combination of effects of light, painting, and figuroi-admirable. It is almost sufficient of itself to insuro con sldeiablo success for tho pantomime. The acting and singing in the opera were remark- ably good, as regards all tho principal per- formers, last evening. ^ 