"" THE/jiEATH Ol G#AY. Tqe Yeeiiipit Jllvhioq, fqryoneous best kn0,nii„ iteqiiduMqr, nojerttta epport ? of dppreoiatiug. tho 'splendid f, exploit ofjrf ;'aad #jll8Vnd/of snccnoj(at#bo character „f 4 the horoioiriidej' of the Expption, hroadlv „ uinuntes that he Was'the murderer of Grav. V (should not(havo noticed the disgraceful inUcnd.e j were it not that we obsorvo it lias been conZ 4 into; "nnd commented upon, by tho Sydney1.!? i i Adelqide papers. : The Gcelong At/tcrt/scr, U, \ over/ which is hot acquainted, in all probabihtv h -with the cause of the Yeoman s malicious ho 'v lity to j Burke,, observes The. Yeoma „ t know/is hot one of the safest authorities f0 te|, lijion for. an opinion oh the BuTke and Win, ' pedition. '' It shows a virulent lll-fccliug throe.!, out all its articles on that unfortunate evpcl tion. ; , 'and (is scarcely. so relipblows wo ehonli 1 like/to peo it/ / . ,. And then our, Geolong dontcm ' porary' goes on to nnalyse tho ciroumstanci 3 w» i ceding and connected with Gray's death /Lii f con eludes by asking— "If tlio body found b. M'Eihlay's party was not that of Gray at & Whoso body could it be P _ To which qUcstl0 , tho Sydney Empire makes the following reply ' i—" Wo liavo moro than once suggested a pr0J, bio solution of tho mystery, namely, that ft. 1 /body, found by Mr M'Kinlay was that of Mr 5/ Bcnzy's' fellbvv-ti'avcllcr, a foreigner, who hndit all- probability, seon - military service, and wL0 died and was buried somewhere considerably to tho westward of tho Wan-ego, as detailed by Mr Pe 'Eenzy' .in. this joui-nal. All circumi tanccs 'point to this, conclusion." But other explorcn -Mr Curlewisi for oxtimple, havo lost their lne, in tho noighhorhood of Cobper's Creeli Bs h'ave:WP aiiy proof whatever that tho hodi foual by Mr M'Einlay was that of Gray. MTCink, discovery of 'tho hiiriod man seems to hauBben lhiide; iii, 'the vicinity of the depot. /' Gray t about sunrise on the 17 tb of April, four days it ! fore the party reached tlio point from which tin started, and Burke, Wills, and King romamd oil the ground ono day- to poinmit tho body ot itboir-coiurado'to tbe earth. It is preposteroei to suppose that thoy: would linvo tumbled bun into the grave face foremost,- and with so liltle care as to-dislocato-the neck. , The best feeling . had' subsisted botween tho four liiembors of Expedition, fromi tho. hour of its departure until its return.. That harmony was only interrupled ' once' when (tho whole of tho party being on short- rations, and doubtful us to whether they woiild last out (till they rcachod the depot) Gray was 'detected stealing flour.' Trivial as such a delinquency may appottr in our eyes,' it might : have imperilled tho lives, of tho whole four and 1 ' it could ' hot bo overlooked by the lender Ho rphuked Gray for his eulpablo misconduct and 1 -rwo quote King's own words, which wo re- 1 ceived lrom ins own nps— uoxeu u-ray onus ( bar three or four times with the. open palm of his hand." ' This was r, lie extent of the ill usage whieli Gray received at the hands obliis chief tho equanimity of whoso disposition; hjs uniform rs cheerfulness, kindness, and consideration fork is? companions, coi.ieiliatcd their hfleption, and woo . t.r their confidence. Wills was. not. prespnt when p itbis' little incident occurred, and it is mostliWy. h -thatin'brdev to.rcnssuvp tho riiind of his second b in command, and to convinco him thnt'no freib 1 dblinquoneios would occur, Mr Burke magnified i.i: the character of tho punishment he had inflicted fl op Gray, which led to Mr Wills entering it in hu p diary ns " a sound thrashing.!' '- e 1 The nttonipt to identify the body found by , Mr M'Kinlay with that- of' Gray; and to attn- btito the doath of tho latter, to violent causes, is bo 'simply atrocious. Burke's reputation is public property, and ought not to be recklessly assailed .by anonymous ciuumniatois in this way. , What . (if sortie, of Mr. Loekhart Morton s sciontaho pr >,. -unsciehtific papers have not (been printed by the Koyul Society, is that any valid reason why tbo Exploration Committee should be assailed will ,, incessant abuse, because' 'its honorary, Secretory : happens to iw the honorary Socretary of tbe v Committee, and his sins are visited on, the. , heads of fue gontlomen composing that Cum- ;> 'iriitteoP What' if tho editor of tho -leomcini claims to be elected the leader of the -Exploring , Expedition were set aside in fayor.of Iho su: , ; Iperior claims of Mr Burko, dobs that, justity tju , editor of the yeoman ' in heaping obloquy upcm : /the memory of tho. illustrious dead r Uppa I (what principle can this war with tho departed - (be sanctioned or excused P Burke accomplished . his great enterprise nobly and perfectly ; with a . patient heroism, a calm indifference to danger, ; nnd a' resolute 1 solf-saerifice which 'qoi«?nL ouu / unqualified admiration; His judgment may | have been at fault, in ono or two instances, but ; his. courage aud determination novpr, His in- ; gonuoiis and trusting nature may have be«P : cruelly deceived by men like Wright, but ; Burke was too earnest, truthful, energetic and , perseroring to suspect the slollij tlio apatliy, the ; cold- blooded indiffercnco and hoartless selfish. ; noss to be found in other men. Ho andbis ; loyal companions achiovbd a great work, and, , With one exception, perished in tlio'oxploit. All ; honor to him and them j and shaino on the un- ; manly calumniator who would endeavor to buUt : tho splendor of the achievement, and to dokle | the' tombs of those who oxoeutcd it. Gurs'is not a community addicted to hero-worship, but even if it wbro loss prompt to do homage to the memory of Eobert O'Hara Burke and William John Wills, its veneration for the dead heroes ( would bo augmentod rathor than dimmished, by finding them miido tho objects of cowardly attack, in the columns of the Yeoman, with Mi ( Landolls (whose secession from the Expedition led to the disastrous appointment pf Mr Wright) 1 at the ear of its.cditor.- -M. fp D. Advertiser. Pboposal to Pbint Title Deeds.— The Lord Cbtuicellor, in introducing his.bill for. facilitating tlie transfer of land, said—" One evil which thoy had to "complain of, arid which he hoped ' to sob redressed, was tlio tyranny of .parehment depdi, ( It/ when printing was introqnbed,- deeds haa been printed as they niighj; wel) have been, muob o? tho'iiiarvollous and. obscure phraseology witb whiclTpai'ehmeiit deeds are now, stuffed, would (havo been got rid of, and they would have, been brought into a simple aud sonsiblo form. - In- .; stead of having a cumbrous mass of single docu ments, the wholo title to an estato would have bocn bound up in a few volumes, and placed in a position Of great elearunco and certainty. More than that,' a great part of tho litigation which arose ii'Qm tlio difficulty of deciphering and dis:' covering tlie effect of those, documents, would have been avoided, and a great part of tho ox- Iionso attending tho trausior of land would havo icon saved. , A deed could bp printed , at one half tho.expcnso with which it' could be printed on parchment, and it would bo reduced to ono half its size. Ono of tlie provisions of tho.schome ho was about to luy beforo their Lordships was the introduction of printing into hfidepds hence forth' to bo made with rogard to cstatoB." BUSH FIRES.— The damage done by the bush-fires that have been raging around us since Tuesday last has been very great. At McCal- lum's Creek and Mount Beckworth the crops on several farms have been completely burnt up, one farmer, a Mr Russell, residing on the creek, being a loser of several hundred pounds by the fire. Other farmers have lost a great deal by what really amounts to a great calamity. Nearly the whole of the country between the Pyrenees and Ballarat presents evidence of a large conflagration having swept over it, and the amount of loss occasioned must in the ag- gregate reach a very high figure. On Wednes- day evening, when the fire was at its height, a slight change of wind occurred, and the ur- rounding view was one of the most extraordi- nary we ever witnessed. What with the density of the atmosphere, the clouds of dust, and the long line of smoke arising from the bushfires and amalgamating with the mist, the country around appeared to be enveloped in a dense fog. At White Horse Reef, Amherst, and about the diggings thereabouts, several tents were des- troyed by the fire at this time, and the flames spreading through the fog which prevailed, gave a most unearthly and ghastly aspect to the whole view.— Talbot, Leader. 