It might ho only reasonable to hopo that tho solemn circumstances under which Parliament re-assembles to-day would have some effect in giving an elevated tono to the remainder ot the Session. In adjourning to pay a Rise tribute of respect to tho illustrious Explorers, who perished in tho pure and disinterested service of the coun try, our legislators might surely be induced to contrast the noble exertions of Burke nnd Wills in tho cause of science and humanity, with tho paltry intrigues of political warfare, and per haps to imitate their example by sub ordinating at least private interest and ambition to the claims of the public service. Unfortunately, however, wo can hardly anticipate so romantic a con summation. Human nature — espe cially when permeated by such a political atmosphere as that of Victoria — is hut too chary of yielding to the more tender or generous emotions; so we may presume that the Session will proceed much in the usual tj'lo, — as if Burke and Wills had never crossed the Continent,' and sacrificed their young lives in the achievement. Ministry and Opposition will resume their seats vis-a-vis the day after the ceremony ; and " Sir. Speaker" will givo tho usual signal for renewing the battle of the factions. Judging by the amount of real work nlvendv mnnnfld nut for the Assem- bly, this might become the most important Session of our Colonial Par liament. The amendment of the Land Act — the extension of Local Self- government — tho improvement of the Mercantile and Criminal Law — the Educational question, and other points of scarcely less interest — demand care ful and speedy legislation. But nobody is guileless enough to imagine that prosaic matters like these will be first taken in hand. There is little doubt that Parliament will postpone all its legitimate work, and incontinently plunge into a faction-figlit upon — the great national question of the Gover nor's Salary ! Like all young countries, we have mode political mistakes — but this is decidedly the most ridiculous blunder wo have yet stumbled over. It is certainly a proof that we are only in our national novitiate when we are silly enough to permit the mixing up of a Constitutional question with the alleged quarrels of two gentlemen who happen to be engaged in carrying on the public business. This is simply the stale manoeuvre of a faction to raise a false issue beforo the country. All nnrtips in tlip. Hmisn nrp no-i-ppfl ns to tho proprietyof reducing the Governor's salary ; hut the very men who intro duced a hill for tho purpose when in office a few months ago, are now dead against any reduction at all, because, forsooth, Sir Henry Baricly and Mr. O'Siianassy are not disposed to ex change vows of everlasting friendship ! It would be amusing enough to criticise some of the features developed by this most ludicrous " situation," whero the " democratic " members assume the novel role of patronizing Toorak, — but that the immediate result is such a scandalous delay of the public business. It must he admitted that Sir Henry Baricly forgot his habitual tact, when he permitted the matter to be placed in this fashion before the public. Nobody could know better that the proposed reduction was never aimed at him. It was not to .take offect till his term of office would have expired. It was in troduced by his own pet premier, and only taken up by the present Chief Secretary in compliance with the well- ascertained desire of both Parliament and tho country. That like any othergpolitical straw it should be seized and manipulated for party purposes by the rump of the Heales party, was only a matter of course; but it is diffi cult to comprehend how one in tho exalted position of Governor could even indirectly countenance so paltry an intrigue. And if he has any real enemies in Victoria, they might woll rejoice at tho humiliation he has en tailed upon himself. So far as public opinion can he ascertained, the country has declined to interfere in Sir Henry Barkly's private quarrels with his Ministry, or to recedo from the position that our affairs could be very grnce- fully presided over at a less figure than fifteen thousand a year. As for tho paltry little gatherings of " the " Governor's iriends," held here and there, during the past few weeks, we presume nobody holds them in more genuine contempt then Sir Henry himself. Of course it is now hopeless to expect that the House will he permitted to discuss the question, divested of party considerations. Yet the real point to be decided is simple enough — who has tho right to control the expenditure of tho country hut the representatives of the people who pay the taxes ? This is the principle for which the Ministry contend, and in the assertion of which, no doubt, they will be sustained by both Parliament and the country. It is a principle equally applicable to the salary of tho Governor and to the pittance of the > humblest porter on the Government Railways ; and if we abandon it in compliance with the insolent ukase- of the Duke of New castle, wo might as well go hack to the days of Downing street and red- tape. There may bo a difference of opinion as to the amount of the reduc tion. Probably L. 10, 000 a year is more likely to receive the approval of the House than L.7000, as proposed in the Bill. However this may be, we are assured that Parliament will vindi cate its Constitutional right to deter mine the sum. ' I That an undignified controversy has sprung out of a question like this is alter all, hut another illustration of the grovelling spirit foisted into public affairs, through the carelessness of tho people in selecting their representatives.' f wo degrade Parliament by selecting members irrespective of public spirit and capacity, we can only expect the consequences thus indicated by an able writer in the National JReoiem : — " Thoro is a risk of vulgarising tho wliolo tono, method, nnd conduct of public manners. Wo sco how complotoly this Iiob been dono in America ; a country far mora fitted, at least in tho Northern States, tor tlio dcinocratia oxperiment, than any old country can bo. Nor must wo imagino that this vulgarity of tone is a inero external expression, not affecting tho aubslanco of whut is fchnuelit. or with tlio policy of the nation. No defect really cats away so soon tho political ability of a nation. A vulgar tono of discussion disgusts cultivated minds with tlio subject of politics : they will not apply themselves to mBBtor a topio which, besides its natural difficulties, is cncumborod with disgusting phrases, low arguments, and tho undisguised language of coarso selfishness. Wo all know how wo should liko to interfere in ward olection?, borough politics, or any publio mattor over which a constant linbit of half? educated discussion lias diffused an atmospbora of deterring associations. A high morality, too, shrinks with tlio iuovitabio shynesB of superiority from intruding itself into th» presence of low dcbateB. Tho inevitable con sequence of vulgarising our Parliament would bo tlio deterioration of publio opinion, not only in its moro roflncd olemonto, but iu all tbo tangiblo benefits wo dcrivo from tlio nppliea-' tion to politics of thoroughly cultivatod minds.'' These are pregnant words. Will anybody dispute their applicability to tlm nnltlin nlfnira nf n rmnnln tlii>nmv) whose apathy or mismanagement in competency, now and then, attains not only the Member's seat but the Minis ter's portfolio ? When a reckless miscreant sets a house on fire, ho is sent to prison like a felon, as he deserves ; but the case seems to bo different when he flings a light into the long dry grass and puts a whole country side into a state of conflagra tion. And yet of the two the hush-fire raiser is even more criminal- than he who limits his incendiarism to some wretched weatherboard cottage. For a town fire may he put out, after more or less damage is done; but the fire that rolls along in a tide of flame, over hundreds of thousands of acres, is arrested only by burning itself out, after spreading desolation, loss, and consternation in its terribly destructive track. And tbo mischief so occasioned is irreparable. The labour of years, and tho careful thrift of a whole life, are undone in a few minutes, and there ie nothing to console the unhappy sufferers in the shape of compensation from assurance companies. Besides, the loss to the community is very great. The destruction of grain and other farm produce is a loss which no amount of extra labour can make up until the season comes round again. A building maybe quickly restored by the employ ment ot many workmen at once, hut the agriculturist is . possessed of no parallel resource ; so that, supposing a cntnstrophe of this kind to he universnl, the lmmnn race must perish for lack of sustenance. Though it is not likely so widely- spread a calamity will ever occur, the evil is no less terrible, even in its partial form, and the guilt of bringing it about is no less heinous, supposing it to bo wilfully committed. Wo believe, however, that in the majority of instances, where bushfires occur they aro the result rather of ignorance or recklessness, than of deliberate malice. The traveller in the " bush," the woodman on the heavily-timbered ranges, the shepherd on the plains, light their morning or evening fire and leave the smouldering ashes to blot about as the wind may direct them.' Tbey aro, perhaps, unaware that the apparently extinguished embers which remain after their kettle has boiled, may he fanned into incandescence by a suddenly arising breeze, and may carry death and ruin to scores of thriving and smiling homesteads. It may, perhaps, not occur to the bullock-driver who yesterday flung his still blazing mntch away from him after lighting hi pipe, that the lurid light and the clouds of suffocating smoke which to-day he sees in the distance behind him, have sprung from that one act of carelessness of his. But so it is, and the horrible pall of blackness, which on Tuesday was thrown over all this city, which covered the hay, obscured the shipping, and made theslcy one fear ful sheet of uninterrupted gloom, may havo grown from j'ust such a piece of thoughtless inconsiderateness. The act passed some time ago against the ".caveless use of fire," though good in its intention, nnd pro perly severe in tho penalties it directs to he inflicted upon those who offend against its provisions, is yet totally inoperativo to prevent the casualties, an account of which lias filled so large a space in tho country journals of late. And it is inoperative for the simple reason that the of fences against which it arrays itj self, are almost always committed by solitary individuals, and against whom there is no possibility of obtaining any evidence which is not shadowy and circumstantial. The evil, in fact, is one, to combat which, legislation in any form is not likely to he of great service. Like many othor defects in our social system, its removal in a complete sense could only come about by a general concurrence on the part of all who are concerned unconsciously in producing it. It happens, unfortunately, that the great majority of these people are not remarkable for intelligence, and, there fore, any appeal to their high moral feeling would bo' a considerable waste of argument. To tell a wood-splitter or a bullock- driver that the interests f wnhv required him to entirely SwSh t& mtd. jrifl. -bid. !» lighted his pipe, or tlmt it behoved him mor(li grounds to put out his fire after ho had made his half gallon of J" Would be a throwing of rhetorical S'rls before an individual not power fully sensible of their value. And yet there seems no way of putting; an end to these terrible visitations other than hv convincing the bush nomads that fiiev ought to arrest them. Perhaps the extensive circulation ot government noticesdrawing attention to the fro- nuent occurrence, of bush- fires, nnd cautioning offenders ngainst infringing the act, might have somo effect ot a beneficial nature. Such notices mjn-ht bo extensively distributed to the "country storekeepers, roadside pub- lic-housGSy outstations, and, in iact, wherever those to whom they were addressed would be likely to see them. In addition to which verbal instruc tions might bo given by the police, to all persons likely to have dealings with wayfaring people, to caution them on tho subject of fire making in the open air. The amount of distress occasioned hy these Ll accidents" is hardly to be estimated, and it is not probable that it will be accurately known, inasmuch as those who are the severest sufferers are i L ...... nil. nlnm<liiAlic 1Y1 01 a Class UUlt USIUU1J wauivumo makin"- known their losses and priva tions. And oven those who have not experienced material injury, are greatly to be commiserated for the mental anxiety they have undergone. The constant fear of losing all that a man possesses, nnd of having his own and his family's lives endnngered, is only to be conceived by those who have endured it. We read that in one locality, a number of the farmers formed a cordon, extending a consider able distance, in order to intercept the progress of tho flames, and that tliey succeeded in averting certain ruin from themselves, only by the most assiduous watching through a period of several nights nnd days. It is unbearable that l 7»iill,.ivntnvfs ot tlifi soil should have their substance destroyed and themselves driven well nigh dis traught, because a few bullet-headed wooSmen, bulloclc-drivers or wandering tramps, choose to neglect such simple precautions ns would involve no trouble to themselves, but the neglect of which brings incalculable disaster to innocent people. It is eminently desirable that some steps should bo taken very promptly to arrest an evil which, unlike many others from which we ' suffer, is undoubtedly easy of prevention, and which need not, in fact, have any ex istence at all. , 