FRIDAY, JANUARY 9, 1863. - The correspondence on the volunteer force which we publish to-day, reveals a certain want of harmony between the Imperial authorities and the Colonial Government, which, though arising from very trivial sources, seems to us to in- volve a question of considerable im- portance to this colony. The memo- randum of Sir JOHN BURGOYNE on the colonial defences is made the principal object of the correspondence, but it'is obvious that there aro other matters, only very loosely and vaguely suggested in these papers, which ave of moro in- terest to the correspondents. ¡Sir JonN BURGOYNE'S paper, the substance of wliich we have already given to the public, is on tho whole favourable to the volunteer system as it exists in Vic- toria. The inspector general of forti- fications is pleased to compliment us as being the only colony wliich takes a " very active interest in providing for " its protection." What lie calls " the ?"showing" of our volunteers, he de- clares to be very satisfactory ; although there are defects in the system here as elsewhere. The complaints of defective ' attendance made by Sir THOMAS PRATT, aro referred to causes which are in- herent in the voltmieer principle. The comparativo slackness of attendance at drill i« very properly attributed to tho constitution of the force, and not to any lack of zeal on the part of the volun- teers. Most of the men have their or- dinary occupations to attenc? to, and in peaceable times Sir JOHN BURGOYNE is of opinion that they should not ho " pressed " too strongly." General PBAI tfs state- ment, that in time of cniergt Wy not more than three-fifths of the vo lunteera could be depended upon to ta te the field, is evidently discredited l^y Sir JOHN BURGOYNE, for, as lie argues '» the force can only exist upon the wil ting ness of the colonists to come forwan i in defence of their homes. In reference to Sir THOMAS PRATT'S remark, that ti'ie only danger to be guarded against i's from "attacks by armed privateers or " isolated men-of-war," the inapector general declares that the danger is likely to be of a more formidable nature-that however powerful may bo the British navy throughout the world, it would bo possible for the enemy to concentrate a superior force at any of the distant settlements, and, therefore, that the Australian stations are subject to an attack from a land force of five or six thousand men. The necessity of providing a much larger body of men than now exists for the defence of the. colony is, therefore, shown to be of paramount importance. Tho whole of Sir JonN BURGOYNE'S opinions and suggestions, as coming from' an officer of so high a reputation, and such great experience, aro of t_e utmost value ; and it is satisfactory | to know that, so far as our efforts have, gone in the direction of self-defcii'je, they have met with his approbation. Ol' Major-Genoval PRATIES vivras, in refcameo to the same subject, and in answer to General BURGOYNE, we may say, -without offence, that they reflect most of the old fashioned prejudices of the regular army in regard to volunteers. While report- ing favourably on their "general ap " pearance and efficiency," Sir THOMAS PRATT appears to consider the vo- lunteers as a force not to be depended on in time of danger, and as too costly in compiirison with the services they render. He is of opinion that too much time is given up to riile-shooting, and that there are no means of compellingtlie attendance of the men to the details of their orga- nization. In a somewhat captious spirit, he complains of interferences witli his own authority on the part of the local volunteer officers, and refuses to receive their reports on the .condi- tion of the force as' worthless. He betrays, in several places, considerable jealousy on behalf of hu own officers, and appears to have done'his utmost to procure the sole command of the force for the deputy adjutant-general of the QUEEN'S troops, Lieut-Colonel OAKEY. dn the 24th February ' last, , the major-general reports to the GO- VERNOR that Colonel PITT had been instructed to > proceed ,to > New Zea- land, and in the same letter lie sug- gests that his deputy adjutant-general be appointed to the command of \ the volunteer force. The suggestion seems to have been ill received ,by the Colonial Government, who, while pointing out a'way in which Colonel CAREY'S services might be made useful to the colony, insisted upon appointing an officer of its omi to the command of tho local forces. -The matter is made the subject of controversy between the Treasurer (as representing the colonial war-office) and the major general, but at length an arrangement is made by which Colonel" 'ANDERSON' as- sumes command of the volunteer force, while Colonel CAREY takes the post of J " inspecting field officer." | It would be tedious to follow the cor- respondence into any fuither details, but we cannot but think that the arrange- ment which has been made is the one most conducive to the efficiency of the volunteer force in this colony. It is by no means desirable that our volunteers should 'subside into a mere appendage of the Imperial military establishment, as it certainly would do were it placed under the direct command of the QUEEN'S deputy adjutant-general. It is essential to the success of the volunteer movement that its local character should be maintained as far as possible. It is not to be regarded as a portion of the regular army, nor can it ever become so. Our volunteers are citizen soldiers, and they cannot be made anything else without losing their distinctive cha- racter, and being robbed of half their value. ' The resolution, therefore,'¡of the ^Government to constitute f them a separate command,' under a purely local officer, is much to be commended. There can be no doubt that the volun- teers prefer to be commanded by a leader of their own, and few will deny that the esprit de corps o.xit\¡morale Of the force will be greatly promoted, and its usefulness consequently increased, by its being endowed with a sort of semi-independent character, in prefer- ence to being merged 'into the gene- ral body of the QUEER'S troops. The Government has, therefore, very properly declined to accede to the proposition made to it by Major-General PRATT, and, in making the present arrangement, has taken what we believe to be the right step in promoting the efficiency of the volunteer force. The Imperial mili- tary authorities continue to retain a suffi- cient amount of control over the force tlirough the inspecting field-officer, whilo a full opportunity is given for the de- velopment of the volunteer principle, through the appointment of a locaL com- mandant, so able and so popular as Colonol ANDERSON. '~ The claims of the Murrumbidgee district for separation from New Soutli Wales, as put forth in the letters of Mr. GIDEON LANG to the principal journal of that pastoral region, aie almost irresistible. Isolated from the seat of Government and the sea-board,' not merely by an enormous distance iii miles, but by the physical features of the country, its relations with New South Wales are purely nominal and arbitrary. A chain of mountains, running north and soutli almost throughout its entire length, renders communication with Sydney both difficult and tedious-so much so that all business between the district and the capital is done through the medium of Melbourne. If a Minister of State visits it on a tour of inspection if a judge proceeds thither to administer justice-if a speculator finds his way to it with an eye to business-if a settler sliips liis wool and buys his stores for the season- all is done by way of Melbourne. All the rivers of the district flow away from the land with wliich it is politically associated ; roads and railways ally it with another colony ; its business relations are not with Sydney ; and all it has ldtherto derived from New South Wales in exchange for the revenue drawn from it, has been a nominal repre- sentation in Parliament, and restrictions on the trade of the district. Of public works it has received no share. The bridges, ferries, and artificial water-sup- plies which it possesses, it owes to the I energy of its own people. It preserves its » own peace, for its police are few and far between ; and the administration of the law» may also be said to be its own, for it iff almost as far removed from the neare st places to which the judges re- sort fr^m time to time as it is from thq capital itself. The tie, therefore, which binds the settlers on the great ¡Jains of the Murrumbidgee, from the Warrego to the Murray, is purely nominal. Whether t^ie district, with its 20,000 people, and its annual revenue of ¿6120,000, should take up its own bur- den as a soparaio state, or ally itself with Victoria, is another question. Mi. LANG holds veiy strongly to the fust of tLeso opinions, and the* journal to which" his Jettcrs are nddreeseu'-^tJjr Pastoral i i .> ' I Times*-is as warmly in favour of the j latter. We quote Mr. LANG'S letter in another column. His objections to the annexation of the riverine district to this colony are entirely of a political character. He admits'that Melbourne is the natural capital of that district, and that it must always remain so. He cannot deny that Victoria, in connecting the Murray with the sea by a substantial railway, now rapidly approacliing completion, has done moro for the settlors on the saltbush plains of the north than ever New South Wales did for them. He bears testimony to the fact that all the internal means of water communication point to an alliance with Victoria as most natural. It cannot be hoped that the British Government would consent to such a partition of. New South Wales as would give the Murrumbidgee district, if formed into a separate colony, a seaport of its own; and it cannot be argued that the possession of such a port would be of any advantage to it, when the distance from the sea of the nearest pont of the new colony is considered. Mr. LANG'S'sole ground of opposition to a union with Vic- toria is the hostility shown by the elected of the democracy, and embodied in the law as it exists, to the pastoral interest. His fears, however, are not altogether well-grounded. It must be borne in mind that the cry against the squattcis arose some years ago under altogether exceptional circumstances. Large sums of money that had been won from the soil in the earlier days of gold-digging, lay in the hands of the labouring classes. Land for agricultural settlement was much wanted, but the land sharks were as numerous as the bona fide settlers, and in the race at auction for desirable lands the latter were frequently outrun. Political changes occurred about the same time, rand through a constitution the, freest under the sun, all the wilder spirits drawn hither from the 'four quarters of the earth found their 02ipor tunity to build their Utopia. Nor were tliey idle. We owe to them the misfor- tunes the country has suffered from the, persecution to which the pastoral tenants of the Crown have been .ex]jos'eeí, and the loss the colony has sustained, in men and money from the " long unsettled state of the land law. But the democracy of the colony no longer' possesses the power it exercised in the first hot days of manhood suffrage. The evils toward wliich it was driving the state fortunately became apparent before it was too late. The camp of the enemy is broken up. The stump is thrown down, and ? the mantle has fallen from the shoulders of its false gods and prophets. We have set ourselves to repair the errors of the last three or four years. There will be no more land bills framed in the interests of a class who are found not to exist amongst us. The squatter is rip longer regarded as the enemy of the .country, and to the idle boast ,that h-e "would Tie driven across the , Muriyty has succeeded a better apprecia- tion of 'his value as the pioneer of civilization and the benefactor of his country. The scale is already turned, and the weight to the voting power of the propertied classes which the annexa- tion of the Murrumbidgee district would throw in, would not lessen the security which the pastoral interest has as to the course of future legislation. They who first throw their flocks and herds into a desert land, have an indisputable right to enjoy the advantages derivable from their skill, capital, and enterprise. As regards the district north of the Murray, the question of separation first demands settlement, and before it is ripe time will have shown that'Mr. LANG'S objections, to annexa- tion to Victoria no longer apply. Full and fair consideration of the latter ques- tion will then, perhaps, convince the set- tlers of the Murrumbidgee that the argu- ments of their political organ, in favour of union with this colony, we sound. While wo lean to this ;view of the case, apart altogether fiom selfish con- siderations, we admit that there is no good reason why colonies should not be founded in the interior,, although they should not enjoy possession of the sea- board and ports of their own. Aus-' tralia is little less in size than Europe ; and if kingdoms and states have existed in Europe for ages, having no claims to a maritime cliaracter, why should not there be colonies in Central Australia, owing allegiance only to HER MAJESTY ? Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide cannot expect to make laws, in time to come, foP colonies east and west of Central Mount Stuart, any more than for Western Aus- tralia, Carpentaria, Anihem's Land, or the north-west. The continent is alto- gether too large, and too peculiar in its physical geography, to bo governed by the sea-coast states. All v,o can hope for is, that common interests will teach us the value of federation, and that, however nu- merous may be the number of indepen- dent colonies or states erected in time to come, community of feeling and purpose will unite them as one powerful nation under one flag. Whether the Murrum- bidgee district should exercise the right of government for itself, or form part of Victoria, is, therefore, a subsidiary ques- tion. That it should be separated from New South Wales is duo to those who have embarked their fortunes in a dis- trict so remote, and so unattractive, ex- cept to tlie owners of flocks and herds. Yesterday was certainly ono of the most op- pressively hot days that havo been expe- rienced in Melbourne this season. At tbo new Observatory tho thermometer recorded upwards of lO&leg.; of heat in the shade, and 130dcg. in the sun. In Collins-street, at three o'clock, the instruments recorded llldeg. in the sun, and lOldeg. in the shade. The wind was from tho north-cafe t, but, strange to say, it was cool as compared with the heat of tim sun. Had a " hot wind"* prevailed, the heat of the day would have bee n unbearable. At Adelaide, the thermometer .tfood at 102deg. in tho shade, and 148deg. in ti to sun, the heat from numerous bush-fires having had an effect upon the temperature of.tho air. The Church of England Assembly yesterday read Mr. T. T. A'Bockett'u bill to fix the amount of ministers' stipends a ¡.tccond time, and spent tho entire afternoon in doing this and considering the first clause of the mea- sure in committee. The ostensible object of the bill is <o remedy a defect ia a foratcr act of the assembly, which provides that a por tion of church pew-runts shall be appro- priated to the pajment of tho minister's stipend, but which neglects to piovido any machinery foi fixing the amount ofjhe stipend. Under the bill, it is binding upon the persons with whom the tight of pre- sentation to nn incumbency lies to name the stipend the minister is to receive from the parish ; and, in case of a deficiency, the pew lents are to be applied to make it up. An attempt was also made to fix tho minimum stipond of a minister at £300 per annum ; but, after a long discussion, the otTort.,wo8 abnndoned, na it was urged thnt vvhciojhe church was dependent upon voluntaiy sup- port, such a provision would be little better than a delusiou'to the minister. Tho artillery' drill and practice at the Sandridge batteries proceeds slowly, but well; and it is pobsible that wo have undenated the attention paid to the sub feet by the men themselves, foi though at tho time our rcpoiler left the camp on Wednesday evening, only twenty men had put in an appearance, yet their numbers were subsequently increased to about fifty. This leads us to allude to nn ambiguity in our re- port of yesterday, which, though trifling in itself, might do injustice to one of the most merita] ious of oui volunteer officers, Captain Suco. Ho is in command of the Sandridge Camp, and to him mainly is to bo attributed i its admirable management; but we stated yesterday that ho had done himself scant justice-meaning that he had cared more for his men than himself. This, however, .has been improperly construed into au un- favourable íefiection upon his conduct, which indeed has been worthy of high en- comium. Tho proceedings of yesterday were quite satisfactory. There weio tho right number of men togo through early gan ison gun drill, and at this they practised for the usual time without filing They then left for their business in Melbourne. During the afternoon there was a little practico vith the skt}-eight poundoi-b, and at about three p.m. two twelve-pound Armstrong guns were brought up fiom the new Militiuy Barracks. They vveie manned, and directed at a shore target, supposed to be 2,000 yards off. At this weio fired first solid shot, then shells, with pcicussion fuse; next, shell with timefuse; and then solid shot again. It was the first time the guns had ever been shotted in the colony, and, indeed, that an Armstrong gun was tried at all on these shoics, and the effect was remarkable to thoso who, being acquainted with the art of gunnery, had only practise 1 with the oidinury smooth bores. Still absolute success was not gained, and while the causes of this were inquired into, not only by Captain Knee, but by Colonel Anderson, Majors Hall and Pitt, and Lieut. Payne, R.N., who weie piebent, it was sud- denly discovered that the mini who had paced the distance, instead of properly measuiing it, had been 403 j ards shoi t. This accounted for the whole, and it was peihaps well that the error was discovered, or else the success of the proceedings of Saturday ne.\t, which are to be something out of the way, would have been sadly marred. Ajtropo» of Satur- day next, the practice at the Armstiong guns is suie then to prove of great in- terest. Up to tho piesent time, the great expense of balls has deterred Colonel Ander- son norn using them, and, theiefoie, until the ,'. dummy" balls expected from- Englaud ac- tually arrive,' such practice-will be rare. lArm strong gun piactlce over, the new arrivals of the night (about forty in number) wore set to woikto practice at the sixty-eight pounders, the necessity of-which was shown in the fact that the men had not only to learn their duties-which they did with much apparent aptitude and intelligence-but that, whether the elevations were incorrect or the powder varied in quality-something, ut ali events, made the balls overshoot the mark, though every due allowance was made. All this shows conclusively that our volunteer artillerymen should, by all means, turn out to learn this interesting and important portion of their duty. We trust that we shall find that the remainder of the week will be worthily occu- pied. Two handsome silver cups, of tho respective values of £50 and £80, the gift of Messrs. J. H. Clough and Co. to tho Western District Pas- toral and Agricultural Society, woie competed for^yesterday, nt tho stoi cs of those gentlemen, in Collins-street, for the best bale of washed wool containing eighty ewes' fleeces, and for the best bale of wool in grease containing sixty ewes' fleeces. The exhibits were all de liyeicd at Messrs. Clough's storo within the required time. The judges pu tho occasion were Messrs. Hick, W. Austin, Do jgshun, Lea" royd, and Wathru:- The hoh. sccictary of the society-, Mr. Thomas Shaw, jim, was present on the occasion." The judges met at eleven o'clock, and, after a'minute inspection of the various exhibits, made their awards. The following is a list of the competitors in the two classes!-For washed wools-Mr. John Mackersey, of Kenilworth ; Mr. John Ware, of Yalla-y- Poora: Mr.J,L. Currie,of Larra; Mr. 0\. Campbell, of Buangor ; Mr. Oflicei, of Mount Talbot; Mr. J.Bell.of Warrambeen ; Mr. T. Or- mond, of Borrigalloeh ; Messrs. Gibbs, Ronald, aud Co., of Geolong; Mr. T. 0. Brooke, of V, orrough ; and Messrs. J. and S. Learmonth, .of Ercildown. For greasy wools-Messrs. J. and S. Learmonth, Mr. J. L Currie, Mr. Thomas Shaw, Mr. Thomas Brown, jun., Mr. T. 0. Brooko, Mr. J. Ormond, jun, Mr. John Mackersey, Mr. W.U. Hopkins, and Mr. James Wilson. The cup was adjudged to the Messrs. Learmonth in cadi class of competition, but the representative of the firm who was pre- sent expressed his disinclination, on public grounds, to accept both presentations, and left in the'hands of the judges tho award of tho second. Mr. Olough expressed his ap- proval of tho determination arrived at by Mr. Learmonth, and intimated that the conditions under which tho cups were to bo awarded embraced one to the effect that no one competitor should re- ceive them both. The judges thoa awarded the second prizo to Mr. Currie, whose contri- butions in value of washed and greasy toge- ther took second place. Mr. Shaw's exhibit of greasy wool stood higher than Mr. Currie's, but as the former gentleman did not competo for washed wool, ho was necessarily an unsuc- cessful competitor, although the halo of greasy wool was much and very deservedly admired. After tho prizes liad been awarded, a meeting of gentlemen connected with tho pastoral in- terest took place, in Messrs. Clough's sale- room, when Mr, Colin Campbell was voted Into the chair. Mr. Furlong« addressed the" meeting at some length, and in tho course of his remarks moved the following resolution : -"That a deputation bo appointed by thiSj meeting to wait on tho lion, the fchief Secretary, to ascertain whether, in the instructions to bo issued by tho Govern jnent to thoir arbitrators, in assessing the runs in tho ten millions of acres, and moro espe- cially those in tho four millions of acres, the absence of anything like security or perma- nency of tenuro shall bo taken into consider- ation as an element in reduction of the as- sessment announced in the Goiemment Gazelle of date December 10, 1802, nnd subsequent dates." The following gentlemen, who wero present, were appointed to act as members of tho deputation ¡-Messrs. C. Campbell, Fur- longe, Currh\ Sanderson, Clough, Holt, Wil- son, Winter, Learmonth, and Shaw. Mr. ; i 'I ii i ' Furlongo remarked strongly on the inequality and injustice of the nsseBsment, niul i]c. manded to know why those pastoial tenants of the Crown who held their lands outside tha ton millions of aérea should be placed upon precisely the same basis of assessment as thoso whoso runs wcio situutud within thom? Whilst tho former lind a certain fixity of tenure prescribed by act of l_r. liamonl, extending to nine years, ftn(i Wcre irremovable under any circumstances of na tional emergency which could arise, the latter were liable at any moment to be cxclud«! from the advantages which their onn ¡m. piovements had created in the Unds they occupied. The resolution was unanimously carried ; and the chairman was requested hi ascertain at what hour it would bsconienicnt for the Chief Secretary to receive the deputa- tion. The members of the deputation vii] meet at Messrs. Clough and Co.'s store at eleven o'clock this morning, to ascertain the time which may havo been appointed for ih« purpose. The tieasuTor of the Benevolent Asylum begs to acknowledge the sum of £1 from W. V. R., in aid of the funds of the na) lum, A fruit soiree and convcrtasion¿ was held on Wednesday evening last, by tho members of tho St. Peter's Young Men's Mutual 1m provement Association. The proceeding* were opened by a short addiess from tho Rev. H. II. lVlIandiield. Several amusing recitu tions und some vocal and instrumental music followed. The entertainment, which na* prolonged till a rather late hour, seemed to givo entilo satisfaction. In the District Court yesterday, in Rooney v. Shudall, the complainant, a young girl, sued the defendant for the maintenance of an illegitimate child, of which she swore that defendant was the father, and which she had borne to him. It appeared, however, on cross examination of the plaintiff and her sister, that she had lived in a house of ill-fame for some time, covering, in fact, the date at which she laid the defendant's responsibility, and the case was dismissed. The Venerable T. C. D. Stretch, the arch- deacon of Geelong, having been translated to the archdeaconry of Sale, the clergymen of his Into district purpose picsenting him with it testimonial, expressive of the kindly feelings their intercourse has given rise to. The pre- sentation will be made at a breakfast to be given at the City Bullet, this morning, atniiiu o'clock. Yesterday evening, a young- woman namoi Catherine M'Shane was taken to the Mel- bourne Hospital, having received severe in- juries by burning. It appears that the sufferer had beca engaged in washing at a liouso in Napier street, and that through the amplitude of her skhts, her dress was brought in con- tact with the flames of the kitchen fire, and her legs and arms severely burnt. A quoit match of somo interest is to bs played, on the Melbourne cricket- ground, to- day, at one o'clock, the competitors being members of the Melbourne Cricket Club nnd the Fitzroy Quoiting Club. The names of those engaged are ¡-Fitzroy-T. Kidney, G. Hyde, M. Welsh, J. Pickersgill, G. Young, and J. Ilyde. Melbourne - Geo. Marshall, S, Cosstick, S. Hopkinson, T. F. Wray, Geo. Kirk, and H Johnson. The City Court was occupied a considerable time yesterday in taking evidence in n sin- gular charge of robbery against a cab driver named Oliver, and a man named Isiacs, who, it was allegad, actually committed the robbciy while the driver looked on. The piosoutri.v, Caroline Horton,'stated that she had only i<¡. cently arrived from Ballarat, and had engaged Oliver's car to take her home to North Mel- bourne; but, instead of diiving bei in that direction, he tpok her to George-street, East Melbourne, and the outrage was committcdia a portion of the street nt some distance fiom any house«. The cases brought before the Fitzroy Polico Couityesteiday weic of an unimportant cha- racter. A car-driver, named F. Newman, was fined 6s. for careless driving, and ordered to pay £2 for damage done to the car of a fellow-driver; and several drunkards wcro mulcted in the usual amount. Mr. G. Berry, M.L.A., the pioprictor of the Collingwood Observer, was summoned by Mr. James Kid- son for a week's salary due to him. The plaintiff hod been engaged on tho Observer to report the local police-courts and municipal council, and his sei vices were dispensed with in December, at a throe days' notice. Mr. Kidson claimed a week's salary, and he called a witness to prove that the custom of the pro- fession was to give and receive a fortnight's notice. Mr. Berry's defence was, that the plaintiff was not regularly .engaged as a re- porter, hut had undertaken to supply report» of these local matters, while at the same timo ho carried on business in Gertiudc-strcet. The Bondi gavo a verdiét for the .plaintiff for the amount claimed. In tho City Police Court'yesterdaj', Ottiwcll Henry Moore, lately a clerk in the General Post-office, was fnlly committed to take his trial for larceny and embezzlement of ccrtnin mouoys entrusted to him in the course of his employment. The uncertainty of the law was yesterday exemplified in the District Court, in the case of Smith v. Barnett, in which the complainant prosecuted the defendant for detaining an im- ported bird, a minor. The case was brought beforo Mr. Hackett about a fortnight since, and defendant was fined £ñ, with costs. Through an informality in the summons, theso proceedings fell through, and a ftcsh summons was taken out. The matter was heaid yesterday, before Mr. Powlett, who snt for a short time in the absence of Mi. Hackett,, engaged in the City Court, and a verdict was given for the defendant, the case being dis- missed. Tliero were one or two rather important cases disposed of at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday. The first had refcience to the ship Sussex, a woll- known trader to this port. A seaman belonging to that vessel, named Charles Henry King, charged Captain Eidgers-first, with a breach of tho Merchant Shipping Act, inasmuch as the captain had not, ho alleged, supplied the proper quan- tity of provisions throughout the voyage; and next, with having illegally discharged him from service on board. the ship on her arrival here. This wa-t the complainant's version of the story, and an effort was made by his counsel to show that he had been very badly treated by the rooster of tho ship. Birt from the evidence it appeared that (he com- plainant himself waB entirely in the wrong, and the defendant as completely in the -right. The facts, as elicited, were, that King had been guilty of misconduct during the voyage, for which he was placed in iions, and put upon a reduced allowance of rations for a time. This was tho foundation of the first charge ; and the basis of the second was simply this. When the ship .reached this port, the complainant claimed his dUchaige, and the defendant answered, " You can go^ if you like ; I will take no trouble about it. Thd complainant did go, but aftei wards re- turned to the ship, and became veiy abusive to the captain. The latter then said, "Now, you sholl not Icavo the ship at all." To pie vent complainant's doing BO, the captain took hold of him, and a Btruggle ensued, when the complainant fell, and, while down, be kicked the captain rather sevciely. For that assault, the captain had given him into custody, but, from want of know ledge of the coura> usually adopted in such coses, ho had not attended at the Wiitchliotibo to sign the charge-sheet, and, therefore, his countercharge against the sea- man could not bj entertained. As to the complaints against Captain Hidgers by King, the Bench-Messrs. Stewart and Sw.illow held the defendant justified in _ all that he had done, and dismissed the charge« against him, A bomewhat trilling disputo between two cabmen, named respectively Robert Johnston Murdoch and David Brocklehurst, engaged the attention of the Bench for a short time. The complaint was simply that the defendant would not take his proper place un the -,tand. Brocklehurst was admonished and dismissed, A man named Robert Copeland was then brought up, on remand, charged with stealing a necktie from the Bhop of Mr. William Cruickshank, on Kew Yeai 's Day. The prisoner had been remanded for the produotlon of evidence as to character. He describsd himself as having boen foi morly a steward on board a Black Ball ship, and now a traveller on commission, in a small way. He was discharged with a cau- tion, and told that ho bad had a very narrow escape. This next case was one of the strangest which has been before the Court for some time. A Mr. John Stan- ley, charged a Mr. Thomas Legget with stealing a cutter called Ben Bolt from its moorings off St. Kilda, and taking away with the boat the various articles on board of it. The facts appeared to be these. On the 26th of July last, Stanley bought the cutter from Legget, agreeing to pay about £100 purchase money, payment to be made by bills at vari- ous dates. Tho first bill of £20 wus duly paid, as was also £15 towards tho second of the same amount, whic'i had, however, in the meantime been dishonoured Then there ap- peared to have been further diflicu1 ties as to pay- ment, and Stanley gave Legget a bill of sale over his property, and a provision was made in that document, rightly or wrongly, that Legget Bhould have power to resume posses- sion of the Ben Bolt, in the event of the pur- chase not being completed. That was not done, and Legget did take possession of the cut- ter. Immediately thereafter Stanley procured a warrant for the apprehension of Leg .et, on a charge of felony, and that wurrant was put into execution. Notwithstanding, however, that a chaige of felony had been thus pre- ferred against Legget, the solicitor for Stanley (Mr. Woolcot), afterwards wont to Legget, whom ho found on Sandridgo Pier, with the cutter alongside, and proposed taking back the cutter, and paying up the rest of the purchase-money; but Legget declined.1 In this shape, the charge came before the Court yesterday, when the mogistratcs declined to adopt Mr. Stanley's view of lils complaint, and dismissed the case. Two little bojs named George Miller and James Smith, aged eight and five years respectively, were charged with having obtained a passage by the Aldinga fiom Adelaide as stowaways. It could not be clearly ascertained how the boys had got on board, and they were leraandcd, remaining, of course, in tho custody of the police until their friends in Adelaide could be communicated with. Theio wuic one or two moro cases of a trifling nature. A testimonial, consisting of a gold watch and guard, of the value of JE30, was presented to Mr. Kcrans, late traffic manager and secre- tary to the Melbourne Kailway Company, on Tuesday evening last, at the Swau-strcet Station, by the employés on that line con- nected with the traflic department, as a re- cognition of the respect entertained for him by the donors. ! Our Geelong concspondent writes:-"Yes- terday was, beyond doubt, the hottest day of the season. In the shade, oxposed to the air, the thermometer ranged from 110 to '112; in tho sun, in one situation, it marked 12G ; in cool offices, with brick walls, it ranged from 92 to 101 ; and in the coolest places, such as cellars, &c;, it marked as high as 85: tho lowest noted being 77. There was but little wind during the day, but what little there was, was hot and unpleasant, and a fierce and fiery sun pomed down upon us a most intolerable flood of oppressive heat. Towards afternoon the atmosphere become surcharged with smoke, horn extensive bush conflagrations to tho westward ; the strong smell of burnt grass indicating too plainly what was the cause of the dense clouds of smoke rolling along before the wind. It is reported that an extensive bush fire has raged all day on the Barrabool nills, but parti- culars have not yet come to hand." The volunteer riflemen of Victoria will not be EUI prised to leam that they are about to have fresh clothing-not thatithat which thcyare now wearing is deficient in , quality, but that it is time it was worn out. It is proposcd-rthough the change is , not finally fixed tfpon-to adopt a slaty blue tweed for the confa and trousers similar to that worn by the riflemen of Castlemaine, and this will be turned up with red on tho cuffs and collar and down the legs. Tho " piping" will vary according to tho corps. In the metropolitan and suburban corps it will be black, and in the corps of Castlemaine, Sandhurst, and Maryborough, it will be white. At Bitlliuat and Creswick the uniform will be, by request, of a dark green. The Geelong men, as our readers know, have bccOmo artillery men. Furthermore, the heavy and undignified cap now worn will bo changed . for a neot shako, which will give the mon a ( moro imposing and military appearanco. Major Pitt proposes to visit the country corps at Ballarat and Ci es wick next week, and , those of Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and Mary- borough during tho week following. Tho great encampment will take place near Gee- long in the middle of February, but the exnet locality has not been yet decided upon. " Pleuro-pneumonia," say the Kyneton Ob- server, " is not extending much in the Kyneton district. The cattle on tho Park Hall Estate are all, it is stated, free from the disease now, and of those inoculated, though as many as twenty vere ill at one time, only one of the animals died. Altogether, Mi. Hall lost only six head of cattle. He availed himself, however, as soon as possible, at un early stage, of the services of a man named Bill Wright, from near MTvor, who inocu lated all his cattle, and attended to those taken ill. Mr. Wright, whose skill and suc- cess ore highly spoken of, has, we learn, treated successfully over 2,000 head of cattle by the inoculation process." Wo have our files from Adelaide, by tho Aldinga, to the Gth instant. On Tuosday evening lost, the proprietors of the Monster Clothing Mart, in Bourkc-strcct, mode tho holidays an occasion on which to do something to foster a good feeling between employers and employed, They invited tho wkolo of their employés, about twenty in number, to supper, and in the speechmaking which naturally took placo during- tho even- ing, expressions of strong regard were made use of towards the principals of the establish- ment. lu the report of tho exhibition at the Horticultural Gardens on Friday lost, the following articles wera omitted to bo men- tioned. Thoy were oil Bent for exhibition only, and, in tho hurry of preparing prizo lists, were overlooked :- A nice specimen of hydrangea, from Mr, Kennedy, of Hawthorn ; two Wardian cades of ferns, from Mr. Scott, nurseryman, of Hawthorn ; and an excellent collection of fuschias and other plants,' from the Biimu grower-amongst these, was a (ino , i-, i( ' ii - specimen of Rtmcllia Júncea. Mr. Rule, of Richmond, contributed a valuable collection of con\fers and taxads. Several good ferns were sent by tho same grower. The only addition to the exhibition mado on the fol- lowing day was a handsome tablo Inuqutl of roses, from Mr, D. Johnston, of St. Kilda, The debt which had so long encumbered St. Mark's Church, Collingwood, having been liquidated, and the edifice having been con- secrated by tho bishop, the trustees had no longer any legal control over tho temporal affairs of the church, and it became necessary to vest their management in churchwardens. The election of churchwardens for the next twelve months accordingly took place last night, at a meeting of the parishioner*, held in the schoolroom. There were about a score of persons present, and the Rev. It. B. Barlow, the incumbent, was caUed upon to preside. The chairman stated that the act under which the meeting had been convened dhectcd that the incumbent of the parish should nominate one churchwarden, thut the trustees should nominate another, und that the parishioners should choo-te the third. He begged to nominate, as his church- warden, Mr. , William Taylor; and the trustees had informed him that they had se- lected Mr. Charles Baker. It was now the duty of the parishioners to elect the tlrird churchwarden. Mr. R. T. Chuko proposed Mr. Wm. Weir, and Mr. Kimpton seconded tho nomination. Mr. Samuel Weir proposed, and Mr. \V. Taylor seconded, Mr. B. Greig. There being no other candidate proposed, the names of Mr. Weir and Mr. Greig were submitted to tho meeting, and Mr, Weir was elected, Mr. Greig being supported only by his proposer and seconder. Messrs. J. J. Moody and E. Greig were elected auditors. Mr Moody then proposed a motion, thanking the trustees for tho faithful manner in which they had discharged their onerous duties, and directing that the motion should be recorded on the minutes of the meeting, and printed along with the annual report of tho church- wardens. Mr. Clarke seconded the motion, which was adopted unanimously. Mr. C. Baker returned thanks on behalf of the trustees, but at the same time remarked that he should have been better pleased if there liad been a formal recognition of their services some years ago. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. Last night, the Rev. Dr. Bromby delivered a lecture in St, Mark's School loom, Colling- wood, under the auspices of tim Fitzroy Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associa- tion, on the lif« of Cowper. The Rev. R. B. Barlow, Hie president of the association, occupied the chair, and there was a large audience. The rev. lecturer treated the sub- ject in a very felicitous and interesting man- ner. He divided the life of Cowper into three periods-the romantic, ascetic, and poetic portions-and read several extracts from his poetical vvoiks. At the close, a cordial vote of thnnks WOB awarded to Dr. Bromby. The Fitzroy Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association was established in' October last, for the diffusion of information amongst the rising generation of Fitzroy and Collingwood, on religious, literary, and scientific subject*. It already numbers about fifty members ; and, as it is formed on an unsectarian basis, it deserves, nnd will no doubt receive, a speedy nnd large accession of members. The lecture last 'night whs the Hist of a scries which arc to be delivered during the ensuing tinco months. A marble bust of his Honour Sir Redmond Barry, designed and fixecutcd by Mr. Charles Summer, nt, the request of a number of the learned judge's personal friends and udmirersi has been presented by the subscribers to the trustees of the Public Library, to commemo- rate the valuablo services îendered by Sir Redmond in forwarding objects of literature, science, and art, and moro especially his Inborn s in connexion with the Melbourne University and Public Library. The steamship Aldinga arrived from Ade- laide yesterday, and leaves for Otago to- day, under the new contract" into which Messrs. M'Mcckan, Blackwood, and Co. havo entered with the New Zealand Govbrnment, for the conveyance of that colony's mails, which contract is for a period of eighteen months. The following, wo bolleve, is tho service contracted for. The Aldinga is to leave Melbourne on the 9th of each month, at two p.m. ; but in the event of the mail steamer being telegraphed from Adelaide be-; fore that time, Bho will remain until the Peninsular and Oriental Company's boat ar- rives in Hobson's Bay ; but in no instance is she to remain after the 11th, at ten a.m., so that she may reach Port Chalmers in time to bring tho homeward mails leaving theie on the 18th of each month. When i she is kept at Melbourne until the 11th, the contractors have liberty to Bail from Otago'on the 19th, instead of the 18th. Even in such a case she has abundance of timo to be ,here on the 26th, if her future voyages'are'in keeping with those of the past. No doubt the Post- master-General of New Zealand has taken the shortest possible time for such a voyage, and with any othor vessel except the Aldinga, it is to be feared that his schemo could not bo carried out, moro especially after the failure of three successive mails to reach Mclbourno in time for tho Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's voBsel. The following is the timo occupied by the Aldinga on each of hor voyages to and fiom Otago. Thoy exhibit a wonderful regularity, when the distance and stormy nature of the voyage aro considered : To Otago. Voyngo. I No. 1 No. 8 No. 9 No. 10 No. 11 No. 12 No. 13 No. li No. ID No. l8 No. 17 No. l8 No. 19 No. 20 No. 21 No. 22 Days. lira. From Otago. Voyago. , Days. lire. No. 1 No. 2 No. 8 No. 4 No. 6 No. 0 No. 7 No. 8 No. 0 No. 10 No. 11 No. 12 No. 13 No. 14 No. 10 No. 10 No. 17 No. l8 No. 10 No. 20 No. 21 No. 22 ' Via Launceston. BUSH FIMÏS IN THE WEST.-During tho past week bush-fires have been very prevalent, and we expect fat cattle will soon bo at a very high price, as many of tho stations are en- tirely cleared of feed. It was reported on Saturday that the stations of Mr. Whitehead, Spring Creek, of Mr. Joseph Ware, Muston's Creek, and of the Hon. Kiel Block, Glenor- miston, were all on fire. The camp of Mr, Cooper, Government survoyor, at Castlu carry, near Glenormiston, was completely de- stroyed by the devouring element. The Wood- ford Forest was also all m a blaze on Saturday night, nnd wo expect to hear of damago amongst tho farms. -Warrnambool Examiner, Jan. 0. A MELBOURNE STBEET.-There is a great display of gay equipages in Collins- street at thn fashionable hour. Barouches drawn by milk-whito steeds or magnificent hays ; mail phaetons, pony-carriages, and Ameiican bug gicS of evei y description, but few or no eques- trians ; indeed, the Governor and his stall aro the only gentlemen I ever happened to notice riding through the street. I believe it is, that tho gentlemen are too much inclined to bo in- dolent, and prefer sitting comfortubly in their whitechapel^, or rcclinlnc in their hue -Three Years' in Melbourne. By Clara I Aepinall I t i 