KOORINGA. [Correspondent] December 24. While there is so much pleasure in store for the religious part of the community, our citizens are not without their usual sports in the shape of races, &c.;, and some good racing is anticipated; but besides all these means of pastime, I understand that a great many of our people have arranged for excursion trip., so tliat nearly all the horses and carts in the neigh bourhood have been engaged. Beally the Burra folks are beginning to follow in the train of other places. The weather is most delightful. There was a very serious and yet interesting case heard at the Local Court on Wednesday. Mr. A. Cole, of tlie firm of Cole, Tiver, _c Cole, was charged by Mr. Hallett with killing some of his (Mr. Hallett's) sheep. The trial lasted some hours, and was listened to by a pretty full Court with much interest—l say with much interest, for Mr. Cole is known as one of the most respectable, strightforward, honest, and up right men in the neighbourhood—a man whom no one would refuse to trust with anything. The charge is preferred on the evidence of a man, a shepherd, named Netherly. The trial resulted in Mr. Cole's being committed for trial at the Supreme Court. On the same day, by the informa tion of tbe Banger, Messrs. Biggs and Stephens were fined £5 each for illegally depasturing Bheep, and Mr. Broad was fined £10 for a similar offence. I have been informed by a gentleman who came down from Mount Remarkable on Tuesday that there was a most destructive bushfire raging furiously near the Mount, which he considers was quite twelve miles wide, and was, he said, running at a furious rate, so that a terrible result may be antici pated, last week an inquest was held at Mount Bryan on a fire which took place there a few days previous, and consumed 25 miles of grass. Ho clue could be found as to the origin of the fire, but the Jury, which consisted of 14, were unanimously in of the opinion that it arose from carelessness, and returned a verdict to that effect. 