THE LATE STORM. (FROM THE BALLARAT STAR, JAN. 1.) The old year has signalized its departure from us by a "brickfielder," the intensity of which has been unequalled on this gold-field for some years. Clouds of dust were flying about on Wednesday in all directions, threat- ening to smother the unfortunates who were obliged to brave the fury of the storm, and occasionally it was impossible to perceive objects only a few yards distant; and, to make matters worse, bush fires were raging in all directions, some of them rather extensive, judging from the long line of smoke that darkened the horizon. An extensive bush- fire was raging, we understand, in the vicinity of Meredith, but whether it did any damage beyond the burning of the bush we did not aseeitain. In the direction of the Springs, a bush-fire was blazing fiercely. A mounted trooper was despatched to the locality, and on his return he reported that the fire was burning in the ranges, Sulky Gully way. Fires were also visible in the direction of Warrenheip, but they did not appear to be of a formidable nature. Our correspondent, writing from Smythesdale, states that the bush-fire in the vicinity of the Blade Hill was still raging, and had completely destroyed the engine-house and blacksmith's shop be- longing to the United Australian Company. Fires also broke out in the vicinity of Happy Valley, Ettrick Shepherd, Linton, Devil's Kitchen, and Pitfield; and we learn, that several houses, tents, and bark huts have been destroyed. In the neighbourhood of Mount Beckwith and McCullum's Creek, there were also large bush-fires, which did an immense deal of damage. At Smythesdale, the ther- momoter was 148½deg. in the sun, and 119½deg. in the shade: and in Ballarat the heat was equally intense. The wind, about mid-day, blew down the wooden buildings on the reserve in Lydiard- street, in front of the railway. This erection has heretofore with- stood, most successfully, the power of the resident commissioner of Crown lands to remove it; but it has at last suc- cumbed to the power of rude Boreas. Soon after seven p.m., the wind chopped round to the southward, and the effect produced was remarkable, if not unprece- dented. In a few minutes dense volumes of smoke rolled over the town from the quarter the wind had changed to, and the whole town rapidly grew dark, the entire horizon was buried in impenetrable gloom, and new chums would possibly fear the end of the world was coming with the end of the year. The aspect of the heavens was a strong reminder of " Black Thursday" phenomena, and here and there new comers might have been observed turning out of doors to gaze upon the—to them—wonderful appearance of things. In a little while the air from the southward grew clearer and cooler, and occasional thunder was heard. In the evening rain fell heavily, but for a short time, and the threatened storm seemed likely to pass away. About midnight however, the lightning became more vivid and the thunder louder and there seemed every probability of a heavy fall of rain before morning. Gentlemen who have been resident in India assert that the heat and dust re- minded them of the scorching winds that prevail in the north-western provinces of India during the months of April and May. (FROM THE MOUNT ALEXANDER MAIL JAN. 1) The weather yesterday was decidedly the hottest day of the season. From an early hour of the morning, the wind prevailed due north, blowing occasionally with vehement fierceness, and raising clouds of scorching dust. The thermometer reached 108, in the shade, in Market-square. At midnight rain commenced to fall, and there is a prospect of its being continuous. (FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER, JAN. 1.) The weather during yesterday was in- tensely oppressive; a hot north wind was blowing throughout the day, attended by clouds of dust, the air being, as it were, hazy with heat and fine dust. Towards the even- ing appearances indicated a change, and about eight o'clock the wind veered to about west, and some few heat-drops of rain fell, and vivid lightning was observable to the north- ward. The highest range of the thermometer was 105 degrees in the shade. 