Xttftrttg. (From our own Correspondent.) This district during a portion of the past week, has been all commotion, white and. black people by the dozen having been occupied in scouring the bosh in search of a lost child. A little girl, between 3 and 4 years old (Mr Walton's), who had accompanied her elder brother herding cattle, Mrt-r\t Kfxav. and after wanderiner through the wildest parts of the bosh for two days and two nights, was found by Mr Clarke of Conrocking Farm. The poor little creature had wandered twenty miles, and when found, was not apparently exhausted. The child was lying in the midst of a small clump of wattles, and when asked whose child she was, she replied ' mamma's child.' The little creature was immediately taken to Concocking, and Mrs Clarke, to whom the greatest praise is due, bestowed that tender care upon the child which is so necessary after extreme suffering for want of food or water. Mr Clarke ?was not aware the child was lost, and it was by the merest accident (if accident it was, but may we not see in it the guiding hand of a higher power) that Clarke discovered the child. Having to go to the next farm, he directed his* course through the bush, which he did not usually do, and when near a large sandpiain his horse shied, and looking round to see what had frightened his steed, he saw the child lying in the bushes. The little thing had wandered on the road 5 miles and had followed np the JAackie River about 3 miles, where it had obtained water. How surprising it is that so small a child could travel so far. Parents ought to take warning from events of this kind. The Evident Magistrate was very prompt in sending the police to search for the missing child, every body in fact did their utmost to find it. Mr Blychynden sent his son immediately to give the glad tidings that the child was found, and come of the natives were untiring in their search. The child says she saw a man with a big stick and was afraid of him. It appears that one person when in search of the child carried a stick, which, it would appear, prevented a more early discovery of the child. In future it would be as veil to regard this, as in the present case it so far affected the tender feelings of a child as to prevent its being found at that hour. The crops are splendid, and I may say cxeeed anything we have had for many years. The farmers have had the pleasure of seeing their field* steadily flourish and give promise of a bountiful harvest. Sheep, cattle and horses and all live stock look well, and trdy we have much to be thankful for. The influenza has proved nearly fatal to many in York, and I fear before it leaves the district it will do sad work amongst the natives. A thing which is a terror to the settlers during summer months is now looked for, namely, bush-fires. I do hope the present Resident Magis trate, who certainly shows a disposition to obligo and respond to the wishes of the settlers in every possible way, will 6ee the necessity of warning the people and the natives (through the police) against carelessness, and the consequent punishment, which should be very severe, when proved to be wilful or through negligence: 