APPOINTMENTS. To be Commissioners of Crown Lands:—Thomas Denis Stratford Heron, Esq. (warden at Irishtown); Robert Cleghorne Mackenzie, Esq. (warden at Maldon); Watter Bailer, Esq. (warden at Lands- borough). CONTRACTS ACCEPTED. Extrawork on contract 4Jo. 1439 of 1861-Reser voir at yackandandah, £424, J. Martel!; 220 feet of wrought-iron tubing, with balta and nuts,. £198, Miller and Macqoistan; 2000 tons of cast-iron water pipes and irregular castings, at £8 per ton, £16,000, I Oppenheimer and Co j building buoy-vessel, for Fort Albert, in the Marine-yard, Williamstown Claboronly), JE240, John Thomas Iegg and Co.; Sydney .road-Erection of a bridge, &c;, between Violet-town and Eurora, £10,919 11s 3 J, j. Dwyer; Sydney road-Construction of 130 chains, £4326 2a, Money' and Casey; Sydney road-Additions to con : tract 62.1510, for construction of 130 chains; ¿3824 i 5s 4d, Molley «od Casey; Sydney road-Construe- : lion of 218'chain* between Violet-town and Benalla, £6861 Usfid, Alexander Amos and Co.; Sydney road-Addition to contract 62 1512, construction of 218 chains between Violet town and Benalla, £828 4s 6d, Alexander, Amos and ,Co.; Sydney 3-oad Construction of 186 chama between Wangaratta and,, Chiltern; £3417 8s 6 road -Construction of 9 4 chains between Benalla and Winton, 3896 4e 6d, john Morgan; Sydney road improvements, £52718s 6d, Peter Mackey ; Sydney road-Addition to contract 62.1516, for improve ments, £551 18s 7d, Peter Mackey; Ballarat to Hamilton road-oona traction of 70 chains £1324 6s 2d, Glyn and Co.; Ballarat to Hamilton road -Editions ta contract 68.1518, for construe. tiraof ÏOrïwBB, jE£3Q, Glyn »and Co; BaBsratto Hainilton med-Inrtt^ 4a contract : 624518, JtoconrtmstionaîîO ciaini, £1122«» 90, Glyn and fio.; ^nwAIa^EtagW^roáa-addition to contract 624438, for;foraationof^20 £24 Ss, J. WKreav j ; Ballarat to Hamilton road, construc tion of 51 chains at Bnango, £83015s 6a, D. Hou rigan; Ballarat to '>'SbQlb^'^'Costteoclion. of twenty- seven chains: 'nt road "in township of Dunkeld, £816 12s OJ, John Gibson ; Ballarat to Harnillon-conatrnction of a bridge over Nine mile Creek, between Wickliffe sad Dunkeld, £488 7s 3d, John Gibson; Ballarat to Hamilton construction of twenty-two chains bf road .near Ararat, £437 4s, D. Hourigan; Ballarat to Hamilton _construction of 171 chains of wad aonth of the Gap, £1462 5s, D. Hourigan; Ballarat to Clunes- ; addition to contract 62 1410, for jConstrnction of . forty-five cbains. Ballarat to Creswick, £47 W« »J. John Crossley ; Ballarat to Cluiiea-^iistroctaon ot 17 39 chains of road betweenCreswick and Clanes,! £457 Hs Sd, William Barker. Castlemaine to south of Barrogbnp, £480 Us UÙ, J. S. White; j Castlemaine to Avoca- constraetwn of one and a . half miles of rota, £2503 16s 2d, J. Golher; Castle, maine to Avoca-erection of two Images, and con- ¡ strnction of two miles sseventy-two chains of road, | £3853 Ils 5d, WilliamOwen;Castlemaine to Avoca -erection of «breé bridges, and construction of one mile forty chains ot road, £383016i 9d, D. M. Barry; iiaMoo to Sandbnrst-ereclionnf two bridget sod other improvements, construction ' of thirty-two chains of road between Eddington and Inglewood, £375517« 3d, D.M. Barty; Maldon to Sandhurst ;-construction of two miles of" road near Eagle hawk, £742 10s, William Dowling; Maldon to Sand hurst-erection of bridge over Loddon, at Bridge water, £3790 8s 8d, John Collier; Sale to Port Albert-formation between Tarraville and Lillies leaf, £1668 16s, John Cromb; Sale to Port Albert Í -formation of road near Port Albert, £1757 14e, i John Carpenter; Barrabool and Gheringhap parish road-erection of a bridge over the Barwon at Ceres, £2000, Bourke and Munro; Blackwood road -construction of fifty-eight chains, erection of j bridge, fcc, £1836 7s, George Moore; Hadfield to Jordon-cl paring, ic.» M'Bvqy's track, £1627 6s 83, Taylor and Carpenter; Western Port road-con struction of bridge over Bass River, £994 fis, John Stewart; Western Tort road-addition to contract 62-1541, for ¡construction ot bridge over Bass River, £491 15s, John Stewart; Beechworth to Chiltern- j improvements, £678 10a, Morris and " Bomera; Beechworth to Chiltern-addition to contract 62-1543, for improvements £21 10s, Morris and Romero; Borhoneyghurk parish road– erection of bridge over Tea-tree Creek and Moorabool River, at : Morrison's £640, 'Charles Boss; Stiegiiis to Mere- j dith-construction of bridge over Moorabool, near Stieglitz, £640, James King; Sydney road-addi tion to contract 61-960, construction of timber bridge over House Creek, £6 Sa 7d, Edward Bogers; light house keepers quarters, Shortland's Blufl, f 1108, C. S Baillie. BUSH FIRES AT WINCHELSEA.-The correspon- dent of the Geelong Advertiser, writing on 2nd Janu ary, says-On Wednesday last frightful fires took place io this district. One appears to have origi nated in the neighborhoM of Inverleigh as about 12 o'clock au immense body of smoke was seen in : that. direction. lu less than one hom* from what appeared to be the first outbreak nearly the whole j of the grass upon the Barwon Park Estate was ' completely destroyed. Crossing the Colac road, about a mile from this place, the fire reached the Lambing Hill Paddock. This paddock skirts the bush or forest. It was here that the frightful gran deur of a bush fire was to be seen-the simple words bush fire are far too inadequate to convey the meaning of such a wholesale conflagration. With { considerable difficulty sheep, castle, and horses were j saved. In this one instance alone from seven to eight thousand acres of good grass, the property of T. Maidment, Esq, has been burnt. About half past twelve a mounted express reached the Barwon Hotel, praying for immediate assistance at Murphy's farm; immediately all hands that could be spared from the township started as a volunteer fire b:i- j gade. Upon reaching the farm it was found that not only was the dwelling and outhouses enveloped in smoke, but the whole place was nearly encircled with long, yellow tongues of flame. Bedding, clo- , thing, and other portable matters were being got ready to be removed, when fortunately the fierce bot wind that blew for a short time lulled. "This ¡ enabled the brigade to partly stem back the fiery i hurricane, and the bouse-and that alone-waa saved. The fire now took an easterly direction, burning up the greater part of a paddock, the pro- perty of J. R. Hopkins, Esq. In its leeward course the fire was still more destructive, swallowing up in its onward career whole farms. The following persons have been losers to a fearful extent - Mr. Richard Plant, Mr. John Wood, Mr Robert Simmons, Mr Stewart, Mr Leek, and Mr Mathieson. There are also several others, the names of whom are not yet to hand. The persons above-mentioned are simply hard- working industrious farmers, and are for the most part completely burnt out. The appearance of the country during the whole afternoon was solemnly grand - the lurid glare of flames that had reached the topmost branches of dried-up trees were occa- sionally seen hissing forth in festooned fringes of yellow flame. Perhaps it is not too much to say that it forcibly reminded one of that solemn scene of old, when the "plain and that which grew upon the ground" was destroyed, "and the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace." Upon the same day another fire broke out upon the Frenchman's plains ; this in its downward course completely destroyed many thousands of acres. Charles Beale, Esq., Birregurra, is a loser to a most serious extent. The greater part of the Birregurra Farmers' Common is also destroyed. The miles of stone walling now being put up by G. Aitken, Esq., Mt Hesse probably saved that run from destruction. A black charred patch of about a thousand acres is visible near Lake Murdeduke, the property of A. Hopkins, Esq. It is much to be feared that the first fire alluded to originated in the careless lighting of a pipe at a farm near Inverleigh. We hope that the authorities in that quarter will thoroughly investi- gate so serious a matter. SYMPATHY WITH THE GOVERNOR. - A large and respectable meeting was held last evening in the National Hall, Fitzroy, for the purpose, as announced in the placard, of enabling the people of Fitzroy "to express their respect for His Excellency the Governor their cordial approbation of his official conduct, their sympathy with him under the personal attacks to which he had been subjected, and their earnest hope that he may continue to represent the Queen in this colony." The meeting was called by requisition to the hon. Charles Vaughan, the chairman of the municipality, but that gentleman did not make bia appearance, although the meeting waited some time for him, and ultimately expressed considerable dis satisfaction at his-absence." Mr George Wilson was voted to the chair, and it was afterwards explained that Mr Vaughan had been communicated with by the committee, and that as that gentleman having " felt a delicacy " in presiding, it was determined to get another chairman. The Rev. John Turner moved the first resolution, which was expressive of regret that bis Excellency should consider it expe dient to tender his resignation, and set forth that while the meeting avoided any expression of opinion aa to the amount of salary that should be paid it reprobated, in the strongest terms the evident antagonism of the present Ministry to his Excellency, and it expressed its belief that his Excellency possessed the confidence of the people; and that his withdrawal by. the Home Government at the present crisis would be a great loss to the colony. This resolution was seconded by Mr William Bice, and then put to the meeting and carried unanimously, both the speakers being repeatedly cheered in the coarse of their remarks. The second resolution was proposed in an effective speech by Mr J. W. Randell, and it was as follows; -"That it ia the opinion of this meeting that Mr O'shanassy introduced the.Governor's Salary Bill as a punishment to his Excellency for granting a dissolution to a former Ministry, rather than as a needful measure of economy." The resolution was seconded by Mr Wolstenholme with a few remarks, and it was thai put and carried. A memorial similar to that adopted at the meeting in St George's Hall was agreed" to be presented to his Excellency, and a committee of gentlemen were appointed tor that purpose. The final resolution, proposed by Mr Cowell And seconded by Mr Crowson, was carried with acclamation. It set forth that die present Ministry were not deserving the confidence of the country, and should be dismissed to their constitu encies, together with all' the other members of the present Legislative Assembly.-Age, 3rd "Jan.. A DisTiiLEnr JX COIXIKOIVOOD.-One of the' first fruits of the act passed last .session for the en couragement of colonial distillation is the erection by Mr T. Aitken, of the Victoria-parade Brewery, of a distillery, on the ground abutting upon Wellington street and Northumberland street, Collingwood-a brick building, of goodly proportions, containing all the apparatus necessary for producing 2,000 gallons of spiritsper week. On the one side ia a wash re ceiver, a circular vessel capable of containing 2,000 gallons, while on a platform ten feet above is a. vessel of similar dimensions, called a "wash charger," and two others of less capacity, designated respectively a " low wine charger,'' and a "feints charger." These vessels communicate by pipes witta two stills on the «tiler side of tlie building-the one "the -wash- still,''-the other "-the spirit , still "-both of them, io fact, copper boilers, built in masonry over fire places. These stills are connected with a worm (jan improvement upon the old Scotch pattern, depo- ; sited in a «frigera tor outside^ and this in turn is con nected by means of a small safe with a "low wine« íreceiver,"...» "feints receiver,''«nd a " spirits re ceiver,*' planted near the, stills inside the building. The prpçeo of distillation commences by placing in the large receiver a certain quantity of " wash." This ù pumped into the " wash-charger," whence it is conveyed to the wash -still; there the spirituous vapours arise, and find their way into tbe worm, where they are converted into liquid which falls into the low wines receiver, and is afterwards pumped into the low wines charger, whence it flow« into the epidt-atiU. The mott volatile parts are then sepa tated «od tosasporteà to ¿w»a¡^w^ «arion takes pbme, «nd-*e.:*!prii».|Bd^ feints teoàni. Barn ^ *á^*&^&& StetíGed. «nd - the miinufactured «rôde M ¿»una mSmatóy^4h^irf«B «sceUrer. ^gVl S^ypipe* toto »ah. I« « r called *he «^tered aorw,'! " to the market? Accommodation w provided on the premises for a ^K^^^, *^ pteca^Uon» are taken for the di»loc%inir»t tapsiand «rates, so that there may besiao Äanceof the Government not re ceiving »U the "duties to which it is entitled by atatute/and which are at the rate of Ss per gallon. Mr Aitken proposes to obtain all fais spirits from wash made from male The works, it is supposed, will be in full Operation Sn a day or two.-¿r^ut. BUSH FIRES.—The damage done by the bush fires that have been raging around us since Tuesday last has been very great. At M'Callum's Creek and Mount Beckworth the crops on several farms have been completely burnt up, one farmer, a Mr Russell, residing on the creek, being a loser of several hun- dred pounds by the fire, as we were informed yester- day. Other farmers have lost a great deal by what really amounts to a great calamity. Nearly the whole of the country between the Pyrenees and Bal- larat presents evidence of a large conflagration having swept over it, and the amount of loss occa- sioned must in the aggregate reach a very high figure. On Wednesday evening, when the fire was at its height, a slight change of wind occurred, and the surrounding view was one of the most extra- ordinary we ever witnessed. What with the density of the atmosphere, the clouds of dust, and the long line of smoke arising from the bushfires and amalga- mating with the dust, the country around appeared to be enveloped in a dense fog. At White Horse Beef, Amherst, and about the diggings thereabouts, several tents were destroyed by the fire at this time, and the flames spreading through the fog which pre- vailed, gave a most unearthly and ghastly aspect to the whole view. We observe that similar pheno- mena appeared in several other parts of the colony on Wednesday evening. During the night there was a great deal of lightning and thunder, but very little rain. Yesterday the weather was much colder, a heavy southerly breeze prevailing throughout the day.-Talbot Leader, 2nd January. 