SIB,-:Respecting the oTlaMreSsetBBDi barbers', shops OT Sundays, some three months past, the poitiee -p;^ hairdresser-SSMVW^ .^a^ats4an, irere -Very1 ^persefêr^;:jn äMin£j the -< abbye named places rf bustaesslpnnctna^ ;o'cîock "pgrSundayà. I no* find nearly th»whole of theshops cayth^M^ to before Mr Deputation, and the police paid them a visit ; likewise, Mr Johnson, of Lydiard street, iin medlalely^poosite tké police camr^ on\6anday had his^oor open, .and was transacting tasfaeas st half -psat-10 sum. -I should like-to know where «re the police and Mr Deputation. Are theyjalready tired of this undertaking, or do they intend in future to allow them to open their places of business as in the olden time? I think, as they have enforced law in 'some cases,"the very least they can do is to see .it properly carried out. Trusting this will be asufficient hint to Ur De putation and the police to take their asnal Sunday morning walks, and make them all close, as I do not like any partiality shown, by inserting' this yon will mach oblige J xonr most opcdieot. serrant, W. G. CHAKOLSB. Ljdiard street, Ballarat, 18th January, j Ton LATE FIRES.-A very elaborate and care fully prepared report of the damage done by the late : bushfires bas boen presented to the Belief Committee by a sab-committee of that body consisting of Messrs ' O. T. Maddison and J."Hutcbeson. The enquiries of these gentlemen hare been confined to the fumers around Hamilton, the lasses of the squatters, many -of whom have suffered severely, not haring engaged their attention. By the report we .find .that the suffers number 81, among whom are Messrs M'Arthur, Bond, Freeman, Patterson, Hickmore, Nippe, M'Innes, Marden, Forsyth, Poynton,* M'Donald. Mason, Bankin, Spring, M*Nefll, Pelcher, Jackson, Britton, Clelland, Conloen, Walker, J. Austin, M'G regor, Walker, M*Lean,. M'Farlane, Walters, and Tomlin. ' About two-thirds of the suf- ? ferers have expressed a desire to obtain relief from the committee, the remainder being in sufficiently affinent circumstances to bear their loss' without assistance. On examining the report we find that: independent of buildings, agricultural -implements,' and in some instances the whole household effects, including clothing, the loss amounts to about forty acres of standing crops, and 32 miles of fencing of various descriptions.' Besides the foregoing, a good deal of farm stock has¡been destroyed, such as pigs, poultry, and in a few cases some cattle, ^Hamilton ; Spectator. ' To WHAT VII« USES HAS rr COME JIT LAST.- : We trust that this paragraph will meet with general circulation as the hut and " most unkindest cut of all,"to the mnch abased practice of wearing -crino line. . We have read of fatal accidents, whose warn ings have proved of no avail j of narrow escapes and difficult positions which have failed to affect the natara! modesty of women, in general; bnt of all the : scenes we ever read of that of Thursday, in Dayles ford, should be circulated to try. what ridicule can accomplish. Qoeof-the aboriginal women appeared jo the publie-'rtreet, dressed out in a foll blown crinoline, and in her imitations of the more- civilised members of her sex, excite] much amnsan.eat. She was accompanied by her husband who appeared equally proud of the swelling proportions of his lubra and her imitative deportment generally, By-acd-by, however, some of the gear went wrong, and to the horror of the i simple couple, as well as the confusion of all passers, ! the whole arrangement suddenly dropped off; leav ing the perplexed lady standing in puris tiatteralibus in the centre of the public road. Ber Royal hus band-for it was no other than Sing Billy-shared in the difficulty, the novelty of the attire disconcert ing bis best efforts. In the end, however, he suc ceeded in pntting on the thing« the wrong way up, and the little black lege of the lubra might be seen trotting away,- while the rest of her person was en veloped in the expanded crinoline held over her head. Here is a caution to sensible women.-Daylesford j Exprtss. Ornais OF BUSH FJRBS.-In reference to our recent notice, respecting the origin of bush fires, wc have been informed of an instance in whic'i an eye-witness assures ns, that be saw.a fire break out, which he is satisfied had a purely spontaneous origin. The fire : took place on the Western plains, beyond Skipton, -about noon,: and our informant states that he was the only person present, that ho did nothing to cause the fire, and that he saw the grass begin to smoke ard then burst into fiâmes. He took measures to save the bridge, which was endangered by the fire, and beyond the burning of the grass no damage was done, but the fire extended for a considerable distance. Daylesford Express. DAMAGE DONE BX LIGHTNING.-The locality of the Plenty Road was on Tuesday evening visited by a severe thunderstorm, daring which a horse belong ing to Peter Macfarlane, who resides on the Upper Plenty road, was killed whilst standing ander a tree about fifty yards from the house. The man had a most miraculous escape, for be had not gone five minutes from the horse before the occurrence took place. The electric fluid was so powerful that srupified aU the inmates of the house, but they have recovered from the shock. A large gum tree, grow ing on the road side, about one hundred yards from the spot, was shattered into a thousand fragments, some of the pieces being thrown a distance of a hun- dred and fifty yards. In the house of Mr Hamilton, who lives close to the road, the shock was severely felt hy the inmates. One man was actually knocked off a chair while he was taking his tea, and remained unconscious for some minutes.-Age, 17th January. [ADVBRTffiíaiKNT].-The sale of auriferous sad leasehold property, &c;, of the " Wheatsheaf " Com pany by Messrs A. Sayers and Co., liss been post poned from Saturday to Monday, the 19th instant (this -day). For full particulars see advertise ment. . > [ADVEBnBKjtENT.J -We are requested to draw the attontiop pf parties in > search pfafiéa? Family Resi dence to the salo by public auction, this day at 19 j o'clock'sharp, on the premises Lyons street, of thal ] elegantly fM«h«a six roomed verandah Cottage, how ; in the occupation of Thomas Eyres, Esq., together with a quarter of an acre of land on . which it ls erected. W. C. Surra, Auctioneer. 