 NEWS AND NOTES. On Saturday, at the Ballarat District Hospital, Dr Clendinning held an inquest on the body of Thomas Wright, whose death according to the evidence and verdict of the jury, took place on the same day, and in the same place, and was caused by pneumonia and pleu- risy supervening upon a severe wound of the fore-arm, which was caused by being struck acci- dentally by a blast which he fired off on the 21st instant, at the Swamp stone quarry, Ballarat. The deceased was in the employment of John Kenyon, mason, aged thirty-four years, and a native of Lin- colnshire. It appears that the deceased had drilled a hole for a blast about fourteen inches in depth. Having charged it, he fired it, but it went off before he could get away from the hole - even before he got his arm from the burning fuse, which of course was a bad one. His right arm was struck by the tamping. He was knocked down, and upon being lifted up, a hole was discovered in his arm from which the blood flowed copiously. He walked to the Hospital with the assistance of his employer and another man. Mr W. P. Whitcombe, who tendered the medical evidence, stated that he ex- tracted from the wound, some time after the acci- dent, a quantity of clay mingled and softened with excessively foetid pus, and that although the patient thereafter seemed to improve, he declined daily and ultimately died. On opening the body there were found small abscesses in the lungs, and extensive inflammation extending from them. There was also considerable inflammation and effusion, contain- ing recent lymph, in the pleura. In the opinion of this witness, the cause of death was the result of unwholesome discharge (caused by the clay) being absorbed and producing abscess of lung and inflam- mation of the same. The deceased only visited the hospital at intervals after his first admission, and had declined until a late period of his sickness to avail himself of its fullest accommodation. Yesterday the weather was a "brickfielder," though not of the fiercest kind. The air was hot with the northern wind and an unclouded sun while a large bush-fire in the Creswick and Dead Horse ranges added to the heat, and helped to make the horizon in that direction dark with rolling vapors. The thermometer at 6 p.m. was 90 deg. in the shade, and 121 deg. in the sun, a tolerably satisfactory indication of the state of the weather. Another peculiarity of the Chinese was brought to light at the Police Court on Saturday during the hearing of a small debt case. It appears that every Chinese who returns to China must be pos- sessed of a ticket issued by the High Priest of the Joss-house, and without one of these it is stated, the Chinese could not return to the land of their birth. These tickets, we need hardly say, must be paid for. They are sold to retail agents at £1 each, and they sell them to their countrymen at £1 5s, thus making 5s profit on any ticket sold. The peculiar efficacy of these tickets did not transpire, but of their nece- sity there seemed to be no doubt. The action was brought to recover £7, the balance of an account due for tickets left with a retail dealer, and the defence was, that they were destroyed in a fire that burned the defendant's house in the Main road. The Bench made an order for the amount. Our Creswick correspondent writes as follows:- A match at billiards, 500 up, for £10, was played on Friday night in one hour and 42 minutes, at the American Hotel, between an amateur and Mr Wil- liam Horn, the proprietor of the billiard room. The play was very good on both sides, but the breaks were in favor of the amateur, who won the match by 111 points. - An old man, commonly known as Jemmy Ryan, had a narrow escape the other day. While working by himself in a drive on Turkey Hill, a quantity of earth fell on him and caused such acute pain in the ancle that he fainted. On recover- ing he managed with a great deal of difficulty to ex- tricate himself and crawl home. He has since recovered sufficiently to go about on a crutch. Had he not been able to clear himself he most likely would have perished, as it as a very lonely deserted place where it is not likely any one would have heard his cries for help. A very old offender named John Millar, who has been four times previously convicted,was arrested on Saturday by detective officer Hyland for stealing an opposom rug from John Shrimpton, who resides near Creswick. In the prisoner's house the officer found two other opossum rugs and a silver watch No. 40,668, supposed also to have been stolen. The February session of the County Court com- mences to-morrow, and in our issue of that day we shall publish the list of causes. In the case of the Great Republic Company v The Sir William Don Company, an application for an injunction to restrain the defendants from work- ing in the ground in dispute was heard before his Honor the Judge in Chambers on Saturday, at Bun- inyong. Mr Walsh appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr McDermott for the defendants. Mr Walsh read several affidavits by the plantiffs, and claimed an injunction for the plaintiffs as auxiliary to their legal rights, pending the hearing of the two appeals now pending in the court. Mr McDermott for the defen- dants strongly argued that the facts of their having been successful in two cases before the warden, and of their being now in possession of the ground, should prevent their being restrained by a Court of Equity from working in the ground. His Honor stated that it had heretofore been his practice to grant in- junctions to restrain any interference with ground in dispute pending the hearing of any suit, but in consequence of some recent decisions of the Supreme Court on cases sent from the Judge of the Court Mines, he was under the impression that the Supreme Court would follow strictly the decisions of the courts at Westminster, and he could therefore feel himself bound by their decisions, and should in future be more particular in granting any injunctions. This case his Honor considered very important, as some very important principles were involved in it, and he therefore wished to con- sider the matter until Wednesday, when he would give his decision, and would at the same time lay down the principle upon which he would in future grant injunctions. In the meantime he would take the opportunity of conferring with some of his brother judges on the subject. He therefore wished that an arrangement should be made that neither party should interfere with the ground until Wed- nesday, and he also stated that he was adverse to granting an injunction, but thought a manager should be appointed by the Court to protect the property pending the hearing of the suit, any gold washed to be brought into Court. It was then agreed that no work should be done by either party until Wednesday morning at 12 o'clock before which time His Honor will give his decision. It was past eight clock and nearly dark before the pro- ceedings were finished. On Saturday, at about two o'clock p.m., a fire broke out in a large heap of firew0od on the farm of Mr Mulcahey, situate about a mile and a half from Learmonth. Mr Mulcahey was absent on business at Coghill's Creek at the time, but owing to the exertions of Messrs O'Meara and Con- well, licensed victuallers of Ballarat, the fire was confined to the timber and adjacent huts. The value of the property destroyed was fully three hundred pounds. The origin of the fire is un- known. On Sunday morning a boy about four years of age made his way into the yard of a gentleman residing at the Swamp and requested to be taken home, but as the only information he could give was that his name was Bobby Harper, the reqest could not be com- plied with. However he was taken to various parts of the town to see whether he would recognise any of the streets, but to no purpose, and eventually information was given to the police, and the young wanderer remained in the quarters that he had selected for himself. Some enquiries made later in the day ended in the discovery of the parents, who reside in Ascot street, and the child was taken home by his mother, who had been searching for him during tbe greater part of the day. A meeting of persons favorable to the establish- ment of an Archery Club in Ballarat is announced to be held at the North Grant Hotel this evening. At the Copenhagen Grounds, this evening, Messrs Brock and Wehl are to make a display of fireworks upon a scale of grandeur (to judge by the protesta- tions of the announcements) unequalled in Ballarat. Mr Henry Meakin, of Geelong, the "Australian Valentine Vox," has consented to give a ventrilo- quial entertainment at the Mechanics' Institute on Wednesday next, in aid of the funds for ceiling the hall. Mr Meakin is to be assisted by several gentle- men of Geelong possessing good voices, and as he is himself to sing "The Fireman's Song," the enter- tainment promises to be exceedingly well worthy of support, apart from the important object which has enlisted these gentlemen's services. On Saturday, Mr Young, J.P., sat in the Eastern Police Court and disposed of the following prisoners -Thos. Smith, for indecent exposure, was sent to gaol for 48 hours ; Thos. Dunne, for being drunk, was fined 10s ; W. H. Whitervie, for furiously driving through the streets, was fined 10s or 12 hours in gaol. The magistrates at the Police Court on Satur- day were engaged for several hours in hearing the evidence in a charge of larceny preferred against a young woman named Johnston, who was re- cently employed in the capacity of bar girl at the Theatre Royal Hotel. The prosecutrix was a young woman who is employed in a similar capacity. She swore positively to three articles that were found in the box of the accused as being her pro- perty. Some witnesses were called for the defence, who deposed that one of the articles, a brooch, had been in possession of the accused before she went to the hotel in question. The evidence was of a very conflicting nature, and the Bench dis- charged the accused. A man named James Shaw is in custody at Bun- inyong, on the charge of stealing £18 from one Henry Cowan. He will be brought before the Bench at Buninyong on Tuesday next. Mr Robert Lamb and Mr Cuthbert Allison, the old representatives for the Buninyong division of the Mining Board district, again offer themselves for re-election. We understand, that personation was very rife at the recent municipal election for Ballarat West. The friends of one of the unsuccessful candidates have now procured the names of the personators and such evidence as they consider will sheet home the charge to more than one person. Mr McDer- mott has been engaged for the prosecution, and the summonses against the alleged offenders will be taken out in a few days. One person resident in Sturt street is represented by two of the scrutineers to have voted twice, and a person who is said to as- pire to more than municipal honors is set down among the principal offenders. On Saturday afternoon the hon. sec. of the Western Fire Brigade presented Captain Campbell, at his residence, with a handsome silver speaking trumpet, manufactured by Gerrard and Sleep, and subscribed for by the members of the brigade. The trumpet is 16 inches in length, and bears the follow- ing inscription - "Presented to M. Campbell, Esq., of the Ballarat West Fire Brigade, as a mark of es- teem from his brother firemen, Ballarat, December, 1862." Over the inscription is the motto of the brigade - "Ready, aye, ready." The cost of the handsome present has been about £20. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of a man named James McDermott, who is charged with having forged several cheques which he uttered to tradesmen on Ballarat. A man named Charles Stewart was arrested by the police about two o'clock on Sunday morning on the charge of burglariously entering the store of Messrs Fussell and Tress, on the Main Road, and stealing a considerable quantity of property there-from. A person named William Campbell White was arrested by detective officer Hyland on Sunday on the charge of stealing a silver lever watch from the boarding-house kept by Marshall and Vannini, in Bridge Street. Messrs Baker and Downes have announced their intention of again offering themselves as candidates for the Mining Board for the Ballarat division. That illustrious individual John Hannon erst a candidate for municipal honors in Ballarat who had the misfortune to be incarcerated for steal- ing a saddle, &c.;, from the stable of Mr W. C. Smith, M. L. A. has been gazetted as "discharged to free- dom." On and after this day the delivery of goods from the railway stations, east and west, by the Govern- ment ceases, and all persons to whom merchandise is in the future consigned will have to take delivery of it themselves. A site of 1 acre and 29 perches of land has been permanently reserved at Clunes for Roman Catholic Chnrch purposes. A site of 1 acre, 2 roods, and 24 perches has also been permanently reserved for Roman Catholic Church purposes at Smythesdale. A few nights ago, some thief entered the outhouse belonging to Mr Thos. Learmonth, at Ercildoun, and stole an English saddle and a single reined bridle. John Harrison, who, on the 21st September, 1855, in this town, was sentenced to ten years for robbery in company, has just been discharged with a ticket- of-leave, having served seven years and four months of the sentence. Henry Wilson alias Joseph Her- ring, who, on the 14th December, 1857, in this town, was sentenced to eight years' imprisonmentt, for robbery from a dwelling, has also been discharged, after serving about five years of the sentence. Both of these men have taken up the residence in Sale, Gipps Land. The second practice of the Ballarat Rifle Corps, for places, in the match with Melbourne, took place at the Butts on Saturday morning, with the following result, viz: - Sergent Dixie 92 ; Sergeant Mumby, 84 ; Sergeant Sleep, 79 ; Sergearnt Hitchins, 77 ; Pri- vate Fenton, 68. The Gazette contains the following amended list of polling places for the Ararat and Ballarat Dis- tricts. - Ararat District - Ararat, Campbell's, Arm- strong's, and Cathcart. Pleasant Creek division- Pleasant Creek and Great Western. Raglan divi- sion - Raglan and Old Main Lead. Barkly division \- Navarre, Glen Dhu, and Landsborough. Ballarat District: - Ballarat division - Ballarat East, Ballarat West, Sebastopol, and Little Bendigo. Buninyong division - Buninyong, Durham Lead, and Napoleon Lead. Creswick division - Creswick and Clunes. Smythe's Creek division - Smythe's Creek, Carng- ham, Linton, Lucky Woman's, Italian Gully, Sears- dale, and Bull Dog. Blackwood division - Black- wood. Stieglitz division - Stieglitz and Dolly's Creek. There was a rather thin house at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, when "The Critic" was performed, followed by M. Bartine's feats and Miss Lockhart's recitation of "Mary Queen of Scots." This evening that charming burlesque, "The Pil- grim of Love," will be produced, as also the attrac- tive little comedy, "Court Favor." Some of our play-going readers will have pleasant recollections of the former production at this house of the bur - lesque, and we can assure them that its reproduction will in some respects eclipse the first representation. The burlesque will be played during the week. The performance at the New Adelphi Theatre on Saturday night, consisted, mainly, of Sheridan's play "Pizarro," which was rendered in a very effec- tive manner, Mrs Stewart appearing as Elvira, Mr Edwards as Rolla, Miss George as Cora, and Mr Warde as Pizarro. This evening Mrs Stewart is to appear as Moll Pitcher in a drama of the same name, founded upon a tradition of Lynn (Massachusetts), and assignable in date to somewhere about the period of the War of Independence. This, we understand, is a historical drama of much power and interest, and as Moll Pitcher, the fortune-teller of Lynn, is a pet part with Mrs Stewart, we may rest assured that a great treat is in store for theatre-goers this evening. The Primitive Methodists of Ballarat have ob- tained the temporary reservation from sale of a site in Lyons street for congregational purposes. A site, comprising 45 acres and 32 perches, has been temporarily reserved from sale for public recreation at Daylesford. The Gazettee contains a formal declaration of the breadth of the carriage and footways in Armstrong, Doveton, Sebastopol, and South streets, Ballarat, as also of Rodney, Balaclava, Malakoff, Murray, Ex- change, Nightingale, Hope, William, Collard, Smith, King, and Inkermann streets, in Newington, Bal- larat. In answer to Mr Levi, Mr Ireland stated to the committee of the Assembly on Friday night that a clause would be introduced into the Local Govern- ment Bill to protect the interests of mining compa- nies, as against excessive rating of the value of their properties. There will probably, says the Age, be another debate in the Assembly on Tuesday night, on the subject of the differences between the Governor and the chief members of the Ministry. Mr Ireland gave notice on Friday evening that he would then move for the appointment of a select committee to consi- der and report whether it was in accordance with the law, usage, and standing orders of the House that messages from his Excellency the Governor, in reply to addresses or otherwise, should be communi- cated through any person not being a member of the Legislative or Executive Council. In proposing the committee, Mr Ireland included the Speaker's name. The Speaker said, however, that there had been no instance for a long time of the Speaker being on a committee, and Mr Ireland withdrew his name, and substituted for it Mr Howard's. Mr O'Shanassy stated in the Assembly on Friday evening that he had not yet received a reply from the Commissioners of Education as to the amount that would be required for education purposes, but that it had been intimated to him that probably the former estimate of £125,000 would be reduced by£10,000. 