MICKY MAHONY'S MISHAPS. BY OLD BOOMERAMG. CHAPTER III. "WHAT thumpin big whacks an cracks a poor mortial catches during a day's tramp sometimes," said Micky, as he laid aside his pipe after he had finished his smoke, and the narration of his day's mishaps at the same time. "This is a terrible worrld av thrubble, Misther. Me frind," he added, after a short pause, and with a very grave air, which contrasted strangely with the grotesque appearance of his tattered roofless hat and his long flaunting coloured wrapper, with its stringy-bark girdle, "a worrld of botheration an bad luck, shure enough; an I've had my allowance av it if I niver git any more after this blessid night. Jist fancy, Misther Thingummiebob----" "My name is Hopewell," interrupted the traveller, mildly. "Will you tell me your name, it you please?" "I ax yer pardin forty times, Mr. Hopewell; my names Micky Mahony, at yer sarvice. But I was going to say, I lift my home this lovely summer's mornin wid a swag fit for a mimber of parlimint, an nineteen bran new suvverins in me medicine chest, for by a rispectable suit on me back, and a lovely pair av kangaroo cossacks on me feet, an here l sit to-night \--savin yer presence—as poor as a blind beggar, wid nothin to cover me nakidnsss but this comical concarn, Jack-in-the-green's Sunday coat, or what iver else it may be, an me owld hat, which looks as if it had bin in a sassage machine. Blow'd if I iver heerd tell av the like run av bad luck, niver since I've bin on the frosty side av the Blue Mountains. It bates all my bush exparience out an out, so it does." "Yes; you have certainly met with some singular disasters to-day, Mr. Mahony," said Mr. Hopewell; "but I must candidly tell you, I think some of them, at least were the result of your own improper con- duct. You coveted that thief's plunder, and to obtain it you had recourse to deceitful artifice; and you were untruthful in many particulars. Although retribution does not always follow similar acts so promptly as it has done in your case to-day, it is certain that, sooner or later, all acts of covetousness, deceit, and falsehood receive their due punishment. I must, however, fairly admit, that in your case there were palliatory circumstances, and in the eyes of many persons your whimsical stratagems would seem justi- fiable, and be called 'fair play.' Still you may de- pend upon it, my friend, that truthfulness at all times, and under all circumstances, is the only safe course you can adopt; and whether you work with your hands or your head, honest work is the only work you can reasonably expect to prosper. I am, however, far from thinking that this is the worst day in your history, after all, for I have hope concerning you, which I cannot explain just now. You are here, alive and well, and you have been mercifully pre- served from bodily injury; you should thank God for that. You have had food enough for the day, and you have had strength given you to bear all your troubles: be thankful for that aIso. This day's trials are past, and you will not see them again; so as you cannot remedy them by fretting over them, your wisest plan is to look hopefully to the future, while you strive to profit by your past misadventures." "Yes, sir," replied Micky; "that's thrue for yez, ivery bit av it. As the poet says, 'The days are past that we have seen.' So they are faith; and it's not a bit av good grumbling about em. If I was to howl for a fortnight it wouldn't rise my brogans from the bottom of the creek, nor sthop me swag from swimming out to sea; so the best plan I can think av is not to think av them at all, but to hurry away back to my owld berth as fast as I can, an earn money to buy another rig out, and thin afther I've got it, thry to take betther care av it in future. This day's disasters will help to make me more continted in time to come, an make me more careful to kape a good berth when I've got one, an not be thryin me hand at things I don't know nothin about." "I see you are a philosopher," said Mr. Hopewell, smiling. "Police officer! not a bit av it, sir, nor niver was in me life; I niver had the good luck to dhrop into sich an aisy billet. I've bin a shepherd more nor twenty years; an afore that I tried me hand at almost ivery sort av bush work, barrin bushrangin, an I niver Iried that game afore to-day; nor I'll niver thry it agin neythir, for its a villainous trade, that's pritty shure to lead to Jack Ketch's castle at last. I should jist like to tell all the bhoys in the bush my honest opinion av that cowardly way of gettin a livin." "How many years have you been in this colony, Mr. Mahony?" asked Mr. Hopewell. "Will yez be afther callin me Micky, sir, if yez plaze? I'm downright scared when yez call me Misther Mahony, bekase it makes me think av me poor owld dad, who's dead an gone. Folks used to call him Misther Mahony on Sundays; and well he desarved it too, poor sowl, fur he was as honest a man as iver peeled a tater, so he wor. Well, sir, I've bin in this counthry two and thirty year come next March. Yez naydn't axe me who paid me passage out here; it wasn't me poor owld dad though. I'd strong circulars given me, by order of a learned owld frind av mine at home, and Governor Darling was recomminded to take great care av me, an mind I didn't catch cowld by being out at night. Whin I got to Sydney I was pressed to stay and help to build a large house of ac- commodation for other visitors like meself; an there wor a good lot av thim in thim days: more's the pity. Afther a time a frind av the Governor's invited me to go into the bush wid him; an I was glad enough to go, bekase the cats in Sydney used to throuble me a good deal. Faith an I soon found there were cats (wid nine tails) in the bush too; but they didn't bother me quite so often as they did in Sydney. Well, sir, I've bin in the bush pritty nigh iver since; and though I says it meself, there isn't a cove this side av the counthry as knows more nor I do about bush-work av all sorts, from shepherdin to shingle-splittin, an from plaitin cabbage-tree sinnet to makin whishky on the sly." "You must have been a very young man when you first came here, Micky," remarked Mr. Hopewell, "I was, sir; an able young feller too; as sthrong as a cart-horse. Troth I'm not very wake now for an old man, though I didn't allers take the best care av meself. Still an all, I've seen many fellers put under ground who were as able an as hearty as meself; be the same token, some av thim didn't come to their end through fair play, worse luck. I've had no end av 'scapes from death afore to-day; but I'm as hard to kill as a native-dog. Twice I was speared by the blacks; onst I wor nigh drownded in a flood, an another time close up roasted in a bush-fire; onst I wor tossed by a wild bullock; onst I wor bitten by a shnake; an onst I tried to hang meself wid me belt; but the sthrap broke just as I wor giving my last kick." "Dear me!" exclaimed Mr. Hopewell, with a shudder; "and had you died then where would you be now?" "Dear knows," said Micky; "I niver thought much about it, sir. It would a bin a settler wid me, that's all I know. I shouldn't ha drawn any more rations, nor slops nayther, that's sartain. But bless yer heart, sir, I've know'd lots av poor crater who have killed themselves to get out av their misery; an yez wouldn't wonder at it nayther if yez know'd all the misery they'd got to bear, in one shape or another, that you wouldn't. Troth, I could tell you yarns as wud make all yer hair stand up as stiff as spike nails." "To get out of their misery, indeed!" exclaimed Mr. Hopewell solemnly. "It fairly appals me to think of the poor deluded victims! Micky hear me, my friend, and pray remember what I say, for by your own admission, the idea of suicide suggested itself to you to day when you first picked up that pistol. I fear that fatal sin is sadly frequent in the bush as well as in our cities. By such a frightful act a man in- evitably plunges into the gulf of eternal misery. Of all forms of murder self-murder is the most horrible. It is utterly hopeless, for repentance is impossible. By such an act man rushes unbidden into the awful presence of his offended Maker, stained with the proofs of his defiant violation of one of God's imperative laws. Oh, Micky! be thankful that you were spared from the commission of such a terrible crime as self- murder, and pray that you may never be deluded into another such attempt. But will you tell me why you were led to contemplate such a sad act?" "I will, sir," said Micky; "though when I think av it it makes me shiver an shake like a blackfellow on a frosty morning. Well, sir, it's many years agone: I'd had a long job splittin posts an rails, an puttin up stockyards, an other rough work, on a new station, far away backwards. My mate, Jem Wedges, an I, had a pritty good sum av money comin to us, an we wanted a bit av a spree, jist to knock some av it down; so we goes to the super one day an axes him for an order for forty pounds, and thin away we goes straight to the grog- shop at Guzzleton, which was about five-and- twenty miles off. Whin we got there in course we handed our order over to Misther Tapps, the landlord, and thin began knockin it down, like jolly bushmen allers does. We know'd old Tapps wud pritty soon tell us whin the order had all run out, so we didn't bother ourselves about nothing but dhrinkln an playin "all fours," and singin a bit now an thin, av course. Our order lasted eight days, for there were not many fellers about the place at that time to help us knock it down quicker; an it was rayther a dull time altogether, for we only had three little bits av fights—but niver a reglar shindy at all. On the ninth mornin Mr, Tapps sings out, 'Hilloa me hearties, yer order's all knocked into nothing, ivery hapenny, and thirty shillings to the new.' My mate was knocked down too; he was very bad in his head; I don't know whether it was from the bad rum, or from a crack he got wid the leg av a stool the night afore. Well, I kno'd it wor no good stoppin there any longer after old Tapps had tipped us the wink to be off, so I coaxed a quart av rum out av him on the new score, an away I goes towards the station agin, all alone; for my mate couldn't walk at all, an I hadn't got sinse enough in me to sthop an look after him, so I lift him at the shanty, fast asleep and spacheless. Well, I reeled along about seven miles, sucking out av the bottle ivery now and agin, till at last I tumbled down head over heels, and wint to sleep. When I awoke agin it was dark night, so I finished the rum in the bottle, an soon wint to sleep agin. The next mornin whin I roused up I was as stiff as a skeleton, an awfully miserable soh; I wud almost hav given me sowl for a gill av rum; but there wasn't a tasthe in the bottle; so I got up an hobbled along a little further towards home. Och! what I suffered thin yez couldn't picture if yez tried for a month; nor I couldn't tell yez if I'd got twenty tongues. It fairly frightens me to think av it." "Bye an bye I heerd a horrible noise behind me, an whin I looked round I seed the divil on a black horse ridin afther me as hard as he could gallop, an roarin like a tiger. Off I scampered through the bush, straight towards a running creek. Whin I got to it I dashed down the steep bank and jumped into the wather; but it wasn't deep enough to smother me, so I groped through it to the other side. The divil followed me to the top of the creek, thin got off his horse, tied him to a sapling, and looked at me wid his great big red-hot eyes, like doctor's door lamps; an be roared out, "Micky Mahony, I've got yez now, anyhow; you can't git away from me, so yez naydn't thry." He thin began to wade through the creek to git at me; wid that I pulls off me belt and made one end fast round the limb av a tree, and put the other end round me neck; but jist as I was turning meself off I seed me poor owld mother right afore me, which scared me worse still, for I know'd she wor dead long ago. I don't recollect anything more, till I awoke lying under the tree, wid the broken strap round my neck. How long I'd laid there, whether a day or a week, I never could tell; but I was awful bad for many a day after that; an the firsht bit ov news I heard, when I got back to the station, was that Jem Wedges wos dead an buried, poor fellow! I never tried to hang meself agin, nor I niver will if I kape me sinses. I allers think my poor owld mother hud somethin to do wid the breaking ov that strap; an nobody will make me think she hadn't. I was mighty sober for a long time after that sheavo; still I wasn't meself at all, for a very little noise at night used to set me trembling like an owld lady in a cellar full of rats." "O Micky, that is indeed a dreadful recital," said Mr. Hopewell. "You were providentially saved from an awful doom, for which you should thank God with all your heart. Was your mother a good woman?" "Indeed, she wor sir," replied Micky, while the tears coursed down his rugged face. "She wor a dear lovin' owld sowl; an' shure enough she's gone to heaven. I can call to mind, as plain as if it were but a week agone, how plazed she wor whin she could coax me to go to church wid her, which wasn't very often, more shame for me. An' how she wad pray be me bed after she thought I was fast asleep. Ah, many times I've heard her sighing and sobbin', an' prayin' God to bless me, wicked haythin as I wor. I can remember, too, the prayer she tached me to say whin I wor a gossoon, not taller nor my shillelay, an' the hymns she used to sing—for she could sing like a bird, ay, sweeter nor all the birds in the bush. Ah, poor sowl! I shall never hear her darling voice again." "Can you repeat one of the prayers your pious old mother taught you, Micky?" asked Mr. Hopewell kindly. I don't think I can, sir; for something sticks in me throat, an' nearly chokes me, wheniver I think ov anything me mother tached me; but I'll thry to say one, or a bit ov one, if it will plaze yez, sir." Poor Micky thus began to repeat a simple little form of prayer; but before he had uttered three sentences, he burst into an immoderate fit of weeping, and sobbed as if his heart would burst. "Och, mercy, mercy! I can't spake it if I was to be killed out- right. I havn't said that prayer for nigh forty years. Och me darlint owld mother! it smashes me intirely to think on yez, so it does; an I'm fear'd I broke your tinder loving heart too, wid my wickedness. Och hone! och hone! The darlint owld cratur; I shall niver see her agin, niver, niver, niver!" Poor Mickey then put his head on his knees, and cried aloud; while his prudent companion sat quietly by, until his paroxysm of grief was over. "I am pleased to see these signs of affectionate remembrance of your dear departed mother, Micky," said Mr. Hopewell, at length breaking a long silence. "But you need not sorrow without hope, friend; you may meet her again in Heaven, and share with her the joys of that happy home of rest and peace for ever." "Och, sir! Yez don't know what a wicked wretch I've bin, or yez wouldn't be after saying that, I'm sartin. Whisht, sir, an I'll tell yez truthfully, as ye've bin sich a kind friend to me. I onst robbed a church, so I did, an that's what brought me to this counthry. You can't say I shall go to Heaven afther that, I'm thinkin." "Well, Micky, that is a serious crime certainly, a very grievous sin; but had you killed all the congrega- tion belonging to the church, too—nay, had you com- mitted ten thousand of other crimes equally heinous, God's mercy would be to you if you truly repented of your sins, resolved to forsake them entirely, and humbly asked God, for the sake of His dear Son Jesus Christ, to pardon you, God would surely forgive you freely, restore you to his favour, and receive your soul to Heaven at last. Here is God's own word pledged to do it." Mr. Hopewell then opened his pocket Bible, and read a few encouraging passages therefrom, and after- wards briefly explained the simple plan of salvation, through faith in our Lord Jesus Christ while Mickey sat by and listened, with overflowing eyes and a throbbing heart. (To be continued.) 