EPITOME OF GENERAL NEWS. Mr. Torrens It ft this Colony for En- j g'and by the last mail on six months' leave of { »bs nee, without pay, for the benefit of his health. . . , Adams's circus is, according to tbe Register, attracting much notice in Adelaide just now. It appears, Jioweveiy as though some difference Of opinion as to the excellence of tbe performances prevailed atno^g those-who do not implicitly bow to the dictum of thi great * "organ of caution," which makes a practiceof buttering every show, whether good, bad, or in r liferent, thai promises to vary the numerous attraction^ of Onr lively metropolis. Dr. Belglfcve 3Sinnis, surgeon of the Beatrice, h88 presrn ed the Adelaide Museum with & number of choice sjecitntna of northern oruithok gy, which were collected during his stay at Adam's Bay. A vhole series of alarming accicents occuned among the p'easure- seekers on Mon day last, caused chiefly by unruly horses and, perhapf, want of caution whe > driving. The jR ghter of Wednesday last has a len? Tigmarole on rust in wh'at, in which it favours the ignorant assumption that that pest is a parasitical insect. Will no one take pity on Mr. Strangways' purblind granny and lend her a microscope ? i f _ Tbe Chief Secretary and the Commis sicn- r of Crown X.ands have just returned fmm Melbourne. . Captain Hufchirson of the Beatrice is about to proceed to England for the benefit of hislealth. It is stated that Mr. Martin, ex-Mayor of Gawhr Town is about to 6tand for Barosea at the coming election. Chiistmas Day was celebrated at Ka punria by two public halls and numerous pr - vate festivities, which passed eff <o ihe satirfac tion of all those concerned; die wea>her having been reasonably cool for the present time of . year. The bush-fires continue unabated From their being confined almost entirely to the paster 1 districts, it is surmistd that they have some connpcti n with the ponular feeling against the squatters which is sought to be ex cited by one of our contemporaries. The body of a man named Heury ...i,^ ;n ttoTro a «nn iiiiatr-w Adelai <e, has been discrve etl near Starvation Creek, Vic oris, under circumstances that leave no doubt of his having perished from some un known i ause jn the year 1861. The Chiistmas holidays appear to have been more lularioudy employed at Ade laide than in our northern fastnesses. Pleasure parties flocked to evtiy available spot on the st-asboie and or. the hills, eager to escape for a few short hours from the tunroi'8 and cares of she metropolis. The great event of the occasion was.,.lioWi-ver, the Gern an picnics at Terrene's Fa;k, when about 8(0 colonists deported them selves in the lovtly grounds of Mr. Torrens's hospitable mansion. Tue Board of Magistrates at Sydney have sanctioned the flogging of refractory pri soner, with a view to the repression of prison outbreaks. A series of letters on the squatting question, bearing the t-i?nature of "i mpite," have appeared in the Register, which the Adver tiser asserts to be the composition of & new ilium, specially imported and salatied by the lion. G. K Angas for ihat purpose. I. Comp.sints are made of cold weather | at Melbourne, and winttr clothing is becoming general. A judicial separation has been granted in the case Molesworth v. Moieswortb, and tbe question of alimony has been left undetermined. A number of iemaios if the rare Di protodon jLustralis have been discovered in sick , iug a well at Wilpena. The New South Wales Government have adopted the plan of guarding tlse mails, by placing a man armed with a revolving rifle on tbe box, by the side of the driver, who very naturally objects to so dangerous an associate. A man named ftledcalfe, who is in ihe employ ol Mr. John Marchant, of Tsleia, Port I/ncolr, was recently dangerously wouuded by ihe accidental discharge of a gun into his breast, as he was unloading a dray. A dreadful aceident occur; ed during; the liurd e races at Adelaide on Thursday last, when one of the jockey*, named G^on, feil with his horse at a leap, and was fatten up in censible. He was £ub:equen:ly f und to have sustained soa:e very daugerous injuries. A te'.earam- from Sydney states that Bal=, Gilbert, and Dunn are pursuing tt.eir usual avocations successfully. A man seventy-live years ot age, named John Winton, living near Lyndoch valley, who had been stffering froai niei t»l demngen ent for the last three j ears, destroyed himself last we. k in a fit of insanity, by hanging himself in a privy attached to his hau. e. It is said that Francj is about to put a stop to the f asportation of- her criminals ti Cayanne, and meats to make New Caledonia a penal colony in-ieai. 