TALBOT. Sleepy Guardians. — An amusing anecdote comes to us from Mount Greenock. For some time past it has been well known that the All Nations party have been doing well, although they refused to give any information as to the result of their labors. The other day the Victorian party bottomed, and drove into the boundary of the All Nations claim. Shortly afterwards the Victorians, when working at their boundary, discovered two of the All Nations party fast asleep in the drive, comfortably wrapped up in blankets, and each armed with a revolver. Of course the surmise was that the ground was so rich as to require watching. The Victorians did not disturb the slumbers of the two watchers, but others appear to have taken advantage of the Victorians opening into the All Nations claim to examine the ground. Accordingly, not many nights since, six or seven men found their way into the All Nations ground, and in passing through one of the drives the two armed men were found asleep. Two of the party, armed with waddies, were detached to prevent these men from creating a disturbance in the event of their awakening, whilst the remainder made a careful examination of the terra incognita. This done they left, and it appears the party was so quiet in carrying out its examination that the two Dog berrys. were not awakened. We are informed that the party who explored the drives came across some rich ground during their careful inspection of the All Nations works. — Talbot Leader, February 2. Bush Fires.— Several bush fires raged about us on Sunday last. One in German Gully, near Gib raltar, was unusually fierce, and threatened at one time to spread far arid wide, but owing to the exer tions of the residents it was eventually extinguished. Beyond the Adelaide Lead there was also a similar visitation, which was not put out without consider able difficulty. The rank condition of the grass just now renders bush-fires of more than ordinary im portance. Too much caution cannot therefore be exercised by those who are in the habit of making outdoor fires. — Talbot Leader, February 2. 