COUNTRY NEWS. BALLARAT. (FROM THE STAR, JAN. 27.) THE WEATHER.—The unprecedented and unseasonable weather prevailing for some time past, and especially within the last few days, compels one to refer to Mr. Saxby's weather predictions, which have so frequently been found to coincide with the actual course of meteorological ovents. This time the stormy period seems to have been a little in advance of the prophecy—the 27th inst., or this day, being set down as a day of unusual skiey disturbance. On Monday evening the heavens were speedily overspread with heavy rain-clouds, and a sweeping west wind which filled the air with blinding dust. Anon there fell a heavy shower of rain, which laid the dust, and by midnight something like former serenity had returned. About eight o'clock on Tuesday morning, similar violent weather had returned, this time ac- companied by a searching wind, wintry enough to suggest ideas of great-coats and heaped-up fires. The rain fell heavily at intervals thronghout the day, and at mid- night, after the lull of a few hours. the weather showed signs of continuing as incle- ment as before. On Tuesday morning, the barometer appeared to be rising from the very low figure at which it stood on Monday night. At eleven o'clock a.m., the thermo metrical standard was 48deg. dry bulb, and 4.76 wet bulb out of doors. Within doors the instrument showed 59.5deg. At six in the evening the thermometer showed 62deg. out of doors. By our telegraphic intelligence it will be seen that similarly severe weather has been experienced at Sydney. DREADFUL DEATH FROM FIRE.—On Monday an inquest was held at the Family Hotel, North Clunes, by the district coroner, on the body of Sarah Anne Tempest, aged nine years. From the evidence it appeared that on Sunday morning, during the absence of her parents, the girl was left in the house, engaged in dressing her little brother. While putting on his boots, with her back to the fire, her crinoline caught fire, and she was soon enveloped in flames. The girl ran out screaming to a neighbour's place, some few hundred yards off, and in her agony threw herself several times on the grass, thereby setting fire to it in various places. Before the neighbour could reach her, all her clothing was burned off. The girl was taken into the house, put on a sofa, and in a short time her pa- rents and Dr. Schmidt arrived. The latter lost no time in having the sufferer covered with flour, and used every available means to avert fatal consequences, but she sank under the severity of the injury, and expired on Monday. She was, notwithstanding, perfectly sensible throughout, and though completely charred from head to foot, did not appear to be suffer- ing pain. The jury returned a verdict that the deceased died of the shock to the nervous system caused by being severely burnt. FATAL MINING ACCIDENT.—An accident oc- curred on Tuesday morning, at the Britannia Quartz-mining Company's claim, at Carn- gham, which resulted in the death of a young man named William Davies. It appears that he was assisting at the capstan in raising the pump lifts, when it broke, part of it striking him on the forehead. He survived only a few hours. Two of the shareholders, named Bolling and Butler, were seriously hurt, and Mr. Davies, the manager, slightly. FATAL ACCIDENT.—The labouring man Fitz patrick, who was taken into the Creswick District Hospital on Sunday, rendered insen- sible by his having fallen off a horse saddled without girths, died at five o'clock a.m. on Tuesday. Dr. Starke, on examination, found the skull fractured—the fracture extending through one of the orbits, and completely along the base. Part of the skull was splin tered into small pieces. The deceased appears to have been about thirty-five years of age, about six feet in height, and a most muscular and powerful man. GEELONG. (FROM THE ADVERTISER, JAN. 27.) DESTITUTE CHILDREN.—Mr. Williams, the lodginghouse-keeper, applied to the Bench to know what he was to do with three boys, named Edward Stanford, Frederick Stanford, and Donald Stewart, who had come to his house late on the previous night by the steamer from Melbourne, and whom he be- lieved to be runaways from the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. The boys, whose ages were between thirteen and eleven years, and who seemed smart, intelligent little fellows, said they had been in the asylum in Melbourne ; and the brothers Stanford said they had heen taken out of that institution by a Mrs. Prender, of Richmond, about three months ago, and that she had gone off hurriedly and left them. They then went to a Mrs. O'Brien, who also soon cleared out, and left them once more without an em- ployer. The lad Stewart said he had been taken from the Melbourne Orphan Asylum some three months ago by a Mrs. M'Fedden, and she also had left Richmond, and left him out of employment. He met the other two boys on Saturday last and, having 10s. among them, they all determined to come to Geelong to look for employment, some man having recommended them to do so, as being a much likelier place than Melbourne for them to find employment. Mr. Williams said they had offered him 1s. each for their beds, but as they had only 3s. left he de- clined to accept it; and he now brought them before the Bench to know how he should deal with them. The lad Stewart said he had an uncle a captain on board a Newcastle trader named Annie Anderson, which vessel was expected in daily. The Bench recommended Mr. Williams to take care of them for that day, at any rate. THE HOSPITAL.—At the twelfth annual meeting of the Geelong Infirmary and Bene- volent Asylum, held on January 26, a report was adopted containing the following:— "In the month of September it came to the knowledge of the House Committee that com- plaints made by patients to visitors had not been communicated to any of the officers of the institution, nor to any member of the committees, but had been privately circulated outside, to the detriment of the institution. They therefore directed that the attention of visitors should be drawn to the regulation which requested them to sign their names in the visitors' book, and invites them to make remarks therein. The resident sur- geon also complained that the conduct of the visitors referred to caused annoyance and illwill among the patients and servants of the institution, and was destructive of order and discipline. He therefore asked the authority of the House Com- mittee to enforce more rigidly the regulations as to visitors. The House Committee, finding the rules sufficient to meet the requirements of the case, did not see cause to interfere, but intimated to the resident surgeon that it was not only his right, but his public duty, to maintain the efficiency of the institution by a judicious enforcement of the rules. On the resident surgeon acting in accordance with that intimation, several of the ladies who had been in the habit of visiting left off at- tending the institution—a result which was quite unforeseen by the House Committee, and deeply deplored by them. Subsequently, it was ascertained that a document, contain- ing, among other statements injurious to the institution, charges of immorality against certain of the officers, had been prepared by one of the inmates of the Benevolent Asylum and given to one of the lady visitors, and was shown to several clergymen of the town. The secretary took steps to secure possession of the document, and on the same being placed before the House Committee it was determined that a searching investigation into the truth of the charges should be made. This was done, and the evidence showed that there were no grounds for the imputation of immorality. This decision was confirmed by the General Committee, by whom the whole of the evidence was reconsidered. In the course of the examination, however, the committee ascertained that the house-steward, the ma- tron, and the head nurse had not been per- forming their duties with sufficient firmness and with sufficient courtesy towards each other ; and it was considered requisite that they should be cautioned in regard to their discharge of those duties in future, which was accordingly done." TALBOT. (FROM THE LEADER, JAN. 26.) QUICKSILVER CRADLES.—There is no dis- puting the fact that the quicksilver cradle works now in progress in this district are among the most important features of our mining developments. No less than twenty carts are constantly employed on Talbot Flat alone in carting stuff to these cradles. The whole of the banks of the creek, from Mr. Bartlemore's machine down to Camp-street, a distance of over a mile, is now pegged off into claims, and not a bit of spare ground is to be found intervening. So much value is attributed to this ground that scarcely a day passes over without an appeal to the warden to adjust boundaries and decide against encroachments. During the great rush to Back Creek an immense quantity of cement and washdlrt was passed through the crushing-machines which then stood on the banks of this creek, and it is the debris from these machines that is now being washed by the quicksilver cradlers. The average yield appears to be three-quarters of a pennyweight to the load, and although the cradlers acknowledge that they lose one third of the gold, still what they save will pay them good wages, and often something beyond, as patches are alighted upon. Per haps it is hardly correct to term the imple ment used a quicksilver cradle, as there is no quicksilver put into the cradle. It is simply lined with blue baize, which, catching the gold, is at certain intervals burnt and the dust and gold mixed with quicksilver and then passed through a retort. In other parts of the district the quicksilver cradler is also busily at work, and we hear competent authorities estimate the number of men thus employed in this district at the large figure of 250, all of whom are reported to make from £2 10s. to £5 per week. There is evidently no steadier or more remunerative occupation on the gold-fields than that of the quicksilver cradler. CRESWICK. (FROM THE ADVERTISER, JAN. 27.) FATAL ACCIDENT.—On Sunday Patrick Fitz- patrick, a labourer, was thrown from his horse, near the post-office, when he received severe injuries, which necessitated his being carried to the hospital. It was then not ex- pected that he would live many hours. He lingered till Tuesday morning. SMYTHESDALE. (FROM THE GRENVILLE ADVOCATE, JAN. 26.) AN EXTENSIVE BUSH-FIRE raged yesterday at Carranballac (Mr. Chirnside's station), as well as at Mr. Anderson's, and burnt a consi- derable portion of both runs, but our inform- ant could not state whether any buildings were consumed. This intelligence is unex- pected, as we anticipated, owing to the absence of hot winds and the prevalence of rains since the commencement of summer, that the co- lony would probably be free from such devas- tations. ARARAT. (FROM THE ADVERTISER, JAN. 20.) ARSON.—Our prognostications as to the pre- valence of incendiarism in this district are becoming verified. But a short time since a haystack, belonging to Mr. Spelacy, of Glenorchy, and valued at £100, was wilfully set on fire, and wholly consumed. Mr. Tel- ford, a squatter, residing near the same place, has also had a valuable fence destroyed in a similar manner, and offers a reward of £50 for the perpetrators ; and now we learn that Mr. Davidson, of Allanvale Station, has had his sheep-yard burned to the ground through the same cause. The yard contained a large number of sheep at the time of the fire, but we have not heard if any of them were in jured. We fear that, if some very energetic steps be not taken by the Government to put a stop to this ruffianly system of revenge, we will have to record yet more serious losses in this neighbourhood. THE ENGLISH CRICKETERS.—Our Eversley correspondent writes as follows:—"The All England Eleven champion cricketers after leaving Ararat spent a very pleasant day at Eversley on Sunday, on their route to Mary- borough. They stayed at Mansfield's Junc- tion Hotel. Anderson, the captain, and a few stayed at the residence of Mr. John Little. In the course of the day they all visited his fine garden and grounds, and it was amusing to see them recognising the English oak, and elm, &c.;, some wishing to have a 'sprig,' for old acquaintance sake. They expressed them- selves highly pleased with its owner for the kind hospitality he evinced towards them. After lunch some amused themselves fish- ing and others shooting, all of them being well supplied in every article they required for the purpose, through the kindness of the residents. They are all good shots. They found good sport; some birds which they caught they had skinned, to be preserved, for the purpose of taking home to England. They returned to the hotel for dinner, and about nine o'clock in the evening sallied forth to see the 'Opossums up the gum trees;' there being, as I said, some crack shots amongst them, they procured a great many. After breakfast the following morning they took their departure, giving full vent to their feelings in admiration of the beautiful scenery surrounding the place. Their only regret seemed to be, that they could not spend a week in so delightful a spot ; it was, they said, the greatest treat they had experienced since they landed in this colony." SANDHURST. (FROM THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER, JAN. 27.) FIRE.—The premises of the Advertiser had a narrow escape of being burned to the ground yesterday morning. Owing, it is believed, to some of the mortar between the bricks in the chimney attached to the furnace of the print- ing engine having fallen out, the flames found their way through the chinks, and speedily set fire to the lining of the composing-room. Mr. Healy, who was in the front office, feeling the smoke, and hearing the crackling of burning wood, rushed through the burning room, raised the alarm, and seizing hold of a bucket, dashed water on the fire. Mr. Ander- son, who was attending to the printing machine, at once fixed the hose to the engine-pump, and commenced to play upon the flames, which were spreading rapidly. Mr. Moran, who was in the jobbing-office, Mr. Meagher, of the Rain- bow Hotel, and Mr. Hellier, one of the compositors, lent valuable assistance, and with bucketsful of water the fire was ex- tinguished before serious injury had been done. Very fortunately there was a plentiful supply of water in Mr. Meagher's tanks. The fire-bell was rung, and the firemen came eagerly to the rescue, but their services luckily were not required. Luckily, they were as it was with difficulty restrained from making "pie" of the type. FINE SPECIMENS.—In the Lady Barkly Company's claim, adjoining the St. Mungo, very rich stone has lately been struck. A number of specimens were exhibited in the Bank of New South Wales gold-office yester day. They formed originally one stone eighteen inches by five inches. This stone like the gold in it, is very much honey combed, and on its being broken, the precious metal was so thickly strewn in it that a number of the pieces had to be torn asunder. A GOLDEN PLANT.—While a number of pud dlers were at work picking down surfacing on the side of Long Gully yesterday, one of them, no doubt wishing it was a nugget, broke upa lump of clay with his pick, and immediately out flew thirty sovereigns. There was, of course, a scramble for them amongst the men. The employer of the men claimed the golden pieces as his, but his claim was disputed by the finders. He then wished fair divide, but neither did this find favour, and he left threatening to take mea sures to make them deliver them up to him. The sovereigns appeared as if they had been burned. BEECHWORTH. (FROM THE BORDER POST, JAN. 27.) DROWNED IN THE MURRAY.vOn the 7th inst., Ferdinand Tolhausen, a German piano- forte tuner, was drowned in the Murray river near Tocumwall. It appears that deceased went on that day, with some companions from the Ulupna Station, to Hillson's public house at Tocumwall. After staying there some time, they entered the boat to recross the river; but about twenty yards from the bank the boat capsized, through some of them sitting on the edge, and the deceased, J. Brown, and E. Hissen, fell into the water, but all got on shore. Deceased shortly after started to swim across the river, but was brought back by Mr. Henessy, who said it was useless to attempt it, as the current was far too strong. Shortly after, deceosed, who was in liquor, started again, and on reaching the centre of the river sank, and was not seen again until the body was found on the 10th inst. by Con stable Robertson, of Mulwala, about two miles from Tocumwall. A magisterial inquiry was held at Wangaratta on Saturday, before Mr. Shadforth, when a verdict of "Accidentally drowned" was returned. THE DISGUSTING TRAGEDY of conveying persons under sentence of death 200 miles from Beechworth for the purpose of hanging them at the end of the journey will not, we understand, again be enacted. By the direc tion of the Government, a site has been set apart in the gaol for executions ; and the colony will thus in future be saved from the disgraceful exhibition of men and women about to expiate their crimes, being carted through the country, exposed for seven days to the vulgar gaze and the hardships and dangers of the most execrable road in a British colony. Moreover, the system brought hanging itself into contempt, not only by removing the wretched creatures far from the scene of their crimes, but also by accus toming persons to see the criminals reckless, perhaps with the hope of pardon, or from the innate villany of a murderer. MORGAN AND THE STOLEN HORSE.—In our last we mentioned that Mr. Henty's Arab entire horse had been stolen from the Round hill Station, and that Morgan was suspected of the theft. We don't see how the horse could be removed from his stable and made away with unless there had been some accomplices acquainted with the place, and aware that the superlntendent and others were absent. However, the horse has been recovered. It appears that Mr. Ingram, the superintendent, was riding near Cookendina, when he met Morgan. The latter accused him of spreading a report that he (Morgan) had stolen the Arab horse, and Morgan affected much virtuous indignation at the scandal. To teach Mr. Ingram better behaviour, he requested him to hand over the animal he was riding, and this was accord- ingly done. Morgan afterwards became a little more civil, and although he denied having stolen the Arab, he deigned to inform Mr. Ingram where the animal would be found. And found the Arab accordingly was. 