INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW ZEALAND. OTAGO. (moil THE DAILY TIMES.) ARRIVAL OT THE ESCORT.-The gold escort arrived in town yesterday afternoon shortly after four o'clock, bringing gold as follows : oz dwt. Queenstown. 1,839 15 Arrow.1,358 0 Dunstan .3.961 0 Mount Ida . 488 10 Mount Benger . 332 15 Hamilton's.3,733 0 Tuapeka .2,375 5 Waitahuna. 347 0 WestTaieri. 378 l8 Woolshed . 122 0 Total .14,930 3 At Queenstown there was about an equal quantity remaining with that brought down, only one bank having sent ita gold. Winns FOR SNOW-GUIDES.-Yesterday about five mileB of iron wire was despatched from town to tho diggings. Tho wire is intended for aguido-line on the Old Mau Ranges when the tracks are obliterated by the snow. It is to be Btretched from poles at a height of about seven feet from the ground. It is to be fixed at this height so that at the time it is likely to be of most servico it will be- almost five feet above the snow. Shelter sheds, built of stono, are also to he erected on the route. THE RIVERS.-Our Dunstan correspondent informs us that the good nows from the lake district relative to the falling of the streams has revived tho hopes of the miners that the fickle Molyneux will follow the excellent ex- ample of its tributaries. The inhabitants of the Dunstan district appear to be sanguine concerning the subsidence of the river, andaré highly elated inconsequence, Itwasjuatat this time of the year that Hartley and Bailly woiked with such great success tho rich beaches and bars of the Molyneux, and there is some reasonable probability that similar good fortuno may attend the patient perse- verance of the Dunstan miners. The Moly- neux has been falling rapidly for Beveral days past, and at the preEont rate of decrease should bo IOAV enough shortly to enable tho miners to test the deposits of gold which have for so long a time been beyond their reach. According to the calculation of oldMolynoux miners a lurther fall of seven feet only would bring tho water to the required low level. THE WEST COAST.-Mr. Bain, the leader of the Canterbury West Coast survey party, has returned to town, after an absence of over five months. During that time, Mr, Bain has surveyed a considerable portion of the Wost Coast of Canterbury as far down as the Otago boundary. Mc. Bain's party has suffered considerable vicissitudes, and had many narrow escapes. On one occasion, Mr. Bain and some others wero blown out to sea in an open boat, during a most violent gale, the sea at the time running mountains high ; fortunately the gala blew along the coast, and they were enabled to run for shelter behind a favourable headland. Mr. Baiu speaks most unfavourably of the part of the coast he has surveyed, as being almost entirely unavailable for settlement. During the trip, parties of rainera were met with; but in each case the men spoke most despond ingly OB to their prospects of finding gold. Some of Mr. Bain's party found a few specks of gold in a stream running into B_rn Bay, and some miners came down to the placa wi th the view of fairly testing tbe locality ¡ but the results were miserably small. Mr. Bain entered the Kaduka River and Kakapo Lake, where he first heard of Dr. Hector from the Maories. When the Fawn waB searching for the doctor, she ran past the Kaduka, not suspecting that Dr. Hector was there, und ex- pecting to meet with him in one of tho Sounds further south. SOUTHLAND-DISASTROUS FIRE AT INVERCARGILL. (FROM THE SOUTHLAND NEWS, MAROU 3.) We have to record the most disastrous event which has ye-t befallen our populous town. Early on Tuesday morning the appearance of dense clouds of smoke gave the rarst alarm of fire, and in an incredibly short space of time the work of destruction was complete. Rapid -almost lightning-like-in its effect, tho fire, originating in tho rear of the Excelsior Hotel, Tay-street, extended along tho entire block of buildings towards the eaBt end of the town. The wide spaco between, the Union Bank and the burning range gave hopes at first that it might be presorved. but the wind from tho south-west seemed to acquire fores with the progress of the fire, and the flames overleaped the chasm, and laid hold of tho beautifully constructed but inflammable building. Tho exertions of those present were of no avail-it was, BO to speak, consumed like a fabric of tissue paper. loone brief half hour a range of buildings, comprising the Excelsior Hotel, the printing establishment of tho Invercargill Times, Spence and Co.'s kerosene and lamp warehouse, Neustadt's (to bacconiEt), tho Criterion Hotel and Conojrt hall. and finally the Union Bank, ware levelled to the ground, the stacks of chimneys cnly remaining, upright and skeleton like la teh midst of the glowing embers, and scorched half-melted und chaotic debris. The most dis- tressing portion of the misfortune remains to he told, in the fact of the spectators being m ada aware that two, if not more, lives were being sacrificed to the devouring element, and that the sufferers were females only added to the seniicof horror pervading the throng which had quickly gathered, to the number of ono or two thousand people. Nothing could, how- ever, be done, as tho flames had extended with such fierceness that it was impossible to approach tho spot where they were known to he, and attention was given, in the meant! mo, to the preservation of other buildings in the line of street. The heat was now BO intense that fears wero entertained for the buildings on the opposite side of the street. The direc- tion of the wind, however, prevented an exten- sion in that direction. Huge dukes of fire were carried by the wind on to and over the houses in a line with the conflagration, and the owners of property had to exercise an in- creasing vigilance to prevent its ignition by these messengers of destruction. The Volun- teer Fire Brigade was early at the fire, and the hook-and-ladder apparatus was brought into requisition. After Bomo delay, an engine was brought to aid in checking the fire, but a deficiency of water and accident to tho hoso rendered its seivico of little avail. Uader the circumstances, it was considered necessary to pull down the premises of Mr. K. Rose, book- seller, and the work of destruction was com- menced by willing hands. Fottnnately it was observed that its comparatively slight eleva vation, and the intervention of a fence sheeted with galvanized iron, prevented the full action of the flames from the Union Bank, and the demolition of the entire building was conse- quently stayed. The stocks both from this and the adjacent buildings were conveyed with great speed into the centre of the street, and the order preserved was excellent. The fact of the occurrence taking place in daylight tended, no doubt, to the comparative freedom from those scenes of wild excitement some- times witnessed on such occasions. As the fire subsided, the most strenuous exertions wero made to recover the bodies of the two poor women, who were known to have been left in the Excelsior Hotel building ; and here we may properly turn to the account glvon by Mr. Hall, the landlord- husband of one of them, who saved himself by his celerity. He states that about midnight, his wife and the barmaid retired to their bedrooms, leav- ing him with a few frlonds playing cords. Be- tween two and threo o'clock ia the morning they left tho place, with the exception of a Mr. QniotoD, who lay down on the sofa in the parlour, as it was late for him to go home. He (Mr. Hall) then retired to bed, and fell aEleep. nis next recollection was bslng aroused by the voice of the barmaid, Bessie, calling out that the place was on fire. He then jumped ont of bed, calling on his wife and the barmaid to follow him. Ho rushed down stairs, and tried to get out at the back door, but was first un- successful. At length he opened the door, and got out. Ho thought of trying to get back into tho houso, but tho flames were too strong. A ladder was lying on the ground, but ho could not lift it, by reason of his hands being so severely burnt. He thon called out to those in the house, but obtained no answer, and then he ran round to the street for help. Mr. Quinton had been aroused by Mr. Hull, who called out to him to save his wife, bat he had barely time to reach the window of tho room in which he bad slept (over tho bar) and drop himself into the street As wo stated above, the attempt was made to re- cover tbo bodies of tho two femalts, and they were at length extricated, locked in each other's arras, but so terribly burned that not more than the outline of the human form could bo distinguished. Connection the statement of Mr. Hall as to having been aroused by tho cries of the barmaid (Elizabeth Jamieson) with tha position in which the scorched remains wore found, it is impossible to resist the conviction that the poor girl fell a victim to the fire in an heroic endeavour to rescue her mistress. Mr. Hall was conveyed io the hospital, suffering from injuries ho received. His mental suffering appeared to equal tho bodily agony produced by severe burns on the upper part of his person. The rapid spread of the fire was due, no doubt, to the fact that one of tho first buildings ignited waa a warehouse ia which a large quantity of keroseno was stored-the vessels containing it exploding with a loud repoit when subjected to the intense heat, and the fluid contents being instantly transformed into mosses of flame, which were bsrne for- ward by the high wind. Scarcely had the oc- cupants of the adjoining buildings time to escapo before the entire block was one mass of seething, lurid fire. The smoke rose in dense dark masses on the wind-the clear daylight adding to the gloomy effect of the scene. As the ontlines of the building gradually col- lapsed, and the whole body of fire sank into comparative quiescence, the most conspicuous object was the new printing-machine, lately imported by the proprietors of the Invercar- gill Times. It had sustained tho fiery ordeal, and stood out in hold relief, in apparently perfect condition-a striking contrast to the surrounding ruins. It can hardly be ascer- tained na yet whether it is repairable-tho excited zeal of anxious workers having In- duced thom to throw a quantity of cold Avater on the machine while it was still almost at a red heat. Tho brick-built strong-room of tho Union Bank, from which the contents were removed with but little injury, next claimed attention. The fall of a chimney broko through its vaulted roof, and gave it the ap- pearance of a huge and ruined tomb. Tho tall chimneys of the bank. Blender and whitened by the action of the ure, swayed to and fro with every gust of wind, and were at length pulled down by the fire brigade, assisted by the onlookers. An uncertainty seemed to Erevail as to whether more bodies Avere buried eneath the ruins of the Excelsior Hotel, and the fire brigado having by the aid of a rope pulled down a chimney which threatened to fall on and crush the searchers, the work was pushed forward with unabated energy. Some few coins Nvere found by tho3o engaged, and were immediately banded over to the police. The interest of the spectators was now rivettcd by the inherent feeling which prompts the desire to view the horrible, but to tho relief of all no fresh discoveries were made. The wooden pavomont in front of the buildings destroyed became charred, and in some parts burned quite away ; the whole, in foot, is so much damaged as to require replacing. The origin of the fire is involved in obscurity. With the high wind blowing at tho time, it is a matter of surprise that the fire Avas stayed in its destructive career-to the wall-like fenoa surrounding tho Union Bank on three sides it is in a great measure to be attributed. The amount of property destroyed is difficult to arrive at. We aTe inclined to think it rather under than over estimated at £15,000. The whole of the buildings destroyed Avero of recent construction, expensively built and finished. The Union Bank was, next to Mr. Watt's iron building, the most striking in its architectural appearance of any we possessed. The buildings were insuredas follows:-Union Bank, £3,000, leaving an estimated deficit of £1,000; Neubtadt's (tobacconist), £400, deficit £600 ; Invercargill Times office, £1,000, deficit £ß,000; Excelsior Hotel, £500,doficit £1,000: Spence and Company's, uninsured, estimated loss £8,000; Criterion Hotel and Concert- hall, £500, deficit £2,000. Besides the above, tho ptemises and stocks of Messrs. K. Rose and T. Ott wero much injured-the first by the en- deavours which wero at one time made to raze it, with the view of cheeking the fire ; the latter by the hasty removal and water thrown on them to savo them from the fire. The claimB on the insurance companies will fall as follows:-Imperial, £1,200 ; New Zea- land, £1,300; Royal, £1,000 ; Colonial Assu- rance, £400 ; Northern, £1,300; Australasian, £6C0. REPORTED DISCOVERY OF AN IMPORTANT GoLD-riELD.-Tho InvcicaryM Times gives an account of the reported discovery of gold near Mount Hamilton, in the Southland province. The Te wai d of £1,500 offered by the South- land Prospecting Association has baen claimed by the discoverer. The Southland Mews of the 2nd instant thus refers to the discovery : " Until we are in the receipt of further infor- mation, wo must abstain from expressing any decided opinion upon the value of the dis- coveries made. The sample of gold found is unquestionably of a character to lead to the be- lief that a largo deposit exists in the neigh- bourhood where it was found. We are assured it was tho result of a single prospect of a tow hours only, and seo no reason whatever to discourage the very natural hopes that are entertained of the early opening up of an ex- tensive and paying ground, We learn that several prospectors are already at work on the epot; aud yesterday a well equipped party left town for the field. Tho streets presented throughout the day a sceno of unusual ani- mation. During the evening reports were current of large finds. It was said that ono man had brought down a parcel of thirteen and a half ounces. We used great diligence to iraco these rumours to their source, but were unable to asceitain any reliable infor- mation on the subject." CANTERBURY. (FROM THE TIMES) PHOORISS. .-From a comparison of tho -population tables we have recently published, it will be found that this province has in- creased its population at the rate of twenty seven per cent. ; Auckland, thirteen per cent. ; Nelson, eleven per cent. ; Wellington, eight and a half per cent. Thus Canterbury is ad- vancing at a rate more than double that of Auckland, and nearly double that of Nolson and Wellington put together. NELSON. (FROM THE LYTTELTON TIMES.) COAL.-A discovery of a seam of coal was a short time since made by Mr. Skeet, in the Buller Valley, twenty-one miles up the river, which is likely, we think, to prove of consider- able importance. We have been informed by Mr. J. Mackay, who lately examined the seam, that it is fourteen feet in thickness, and presents the appearance of being an ex- cellent coal, probably of tho same class aa that at Mount Rochiort. Mr. Mackay pro- cured about 1001b. of the coal, which ho sent down the river, so that it might be forwarded to the Government. SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM THE S. A. REGISTER.) CEREAL EXTORTS.-During the weekended Saturday, 5th March, there were exported 12,377* quarters of wheat, 1.119 tons of flour, 132 quarters of barley, and 817. tons of bran and pollard. MR. D. G. DALY.—A telegram was received on Thursday by Lady Daly conveying the intelligence that Mr. Dominick Gore Daly had arrived safely in Sydney, and will come on to Adelaide by the branch mall steamer. It is understood that upon the arrival of Mr. D. G. Daly he will at once enter upon his duties as private secretary. APPREHENDED LOSS OF THREE MEN, Great anxiety was felt in town on Thursday evening in consequence of no news having been ht ard ol Mr. Elias (partner in a run at Franklin Harbour with Mr. Levi), who, on missing the Lubra, started with two men in an open boat from Port Lincoln for Port Wallaroo. Tho Government are understood to have telegraphed to Captain Tapley to proceed with the Yatala to any point upon the coast, where, in his opinion, he may bo likely to hear of the missing individuals. MOLOCH HÓRRIDOS.-A pair of the very Bingular lizards known by this name have just been brought from Ediowie, about 800 miles north. Since their capture it is stated they have declined to eat anything. Their proper food is no doubt insects, probably beetles. Mr. 0. A. Wilson, to whom they have been submitted, has favoured us with the following description of them :-" Thia kind of lizard was first seen and described by Governor (then Captain) Groy during his travels in Western Australia. He figured it also in his work, ;and named it moloch horridus (horrid king), on account of ita peculiar appearance. Since this a pair of stuffed specimens wero for some time in the possession of Mr. Summon», formerly secretary to the South Australian Institute, and there is at least one in the Adelaide Museum pre- served in Bpirits. These lizuds seldom ex- ceed four inches in length. The present pair are unequal in ßize, the smaller being proba- bly a young one, as I do not think the sexes differ so much. The spines, which covor the whole of the tail, legs, and body, not even ex- cepting the space above the eyes, are beauti- fully variegated with different shades of red and brown. Though apparently quiet in con- finement, these reptiles are Bald to be active enough when at liberty ; and, though formld ablo-looklng, appearances are in their case, as in many others, deceitful, for I believe they are quite harmless." PRICE OF COPPER.-At special meetings of the Moonta and Wallaroo Boards, held on Saturday morning, tho price of copper was fixed at £105 per ton. DISCOVERY OF GOLD,-Bald Hills, March 7. -A great deal of excitement was caused boro last Aveck by the report that a gold-field had been dhcovered between Yankalilla and Ton quililla. The facts of tho case appear to ha these. Some young men, lately returned from New Zealand, determined to try if gold could not he found in payable quantities about here. Thoy therefore tried near a magnifi- cent quartz-reef, and in every holo that has been bottomed a small quantity of gold has been found. This week thero is quite a rush to the place, and in the opinion of some old diggers it is a very likely- looking place. It is generally hoped It may turn oat welL NORTHERN TEBRITOHY.-Thero were two applications for lots of land in the Northern territory on Saturday, of 160 acres each lot. Deposits upon three single allotments were made at the Bank of Australasia. The fol- lowing is a statement of the transactions from tho commencement to the present time : Dates. Applications iDoposlts. i Acres. Mnrchl to 0.. March 7 March 8 March 0 March 10 ,. March 11 March 12 Totals .. £8,380 200 210 07,010 1,000 1,020 320 480 010 430 £0,000 172,180 We understand that thero has been received a despatch from the Agent-General by this mail, stating that he had made all the neces- sary preliminary arrangements for the sale in London of land in the Northern Territory, and that tho Bank of England had consented to receive deposits and issue forms of applica- tion. Tho Government havo accepted tho tender of Messrs. Elder, Smith, and Co., agents, referring to the Henry Ellis, 401 tons burden new registry, as the vessel to be dis- patched with tbo expedition to the Northern coast. Her commander, Captain Phillipa, is a man of considerable experience in such matters, having conveyed many expedi- tions to different parts of the coast of Africa. We havo reason to believe that the Executive consider thomBolves forton ita in baviDg been able to secure such a roomy ship and such a suitable commander for the conveyance of the expedition from Adelaide During the last few weeks several private ex- peditions have been epokon of, and in one case all tho necessary funds wero subscribed to start a party under Mr. Bill, a bushman of some repute. In this caso it was proposed that Mr. Ball should start from a point on tho opposite coaEt, and penetrate iuland. An- other project was to Bend a vessel to Shark's Bay, and the movers in this plan proposed thut Mr. Bull and party Bhould make Shark's Bay the ba6e of their exploration. This pro posed junction of two companies was, after consideration, abandoned; aud Mr. Bill has intimated to his pations that his health will not admit of his taking chargo of the party, for which ample funds had been provided. BATTLE OF ABORIGINES.-A correspondent ssnds ÜB an account of a great native battle which lasted two days. The scene of conflict is stated to havo been contiguous to the Mis- sion Station, and the tribes engaged were on one side those of the Murray, Luke Albart, and Coorong; upon the other, detachmonts from the Goolwa and Milang and neighbour- hood. About 190 warriors wero engaged in tho encounter ; and although our correspon- dent had not heard of any having died, thero were upwards of twenty severely wounded. One well-known blackfellow, George Merri- man, received a spear wound two inches deop in the head. Tho police had been for somo time on the alert to prevent this battle ; but the natives took advantage of the absence of the troopers at bush-fires to havo their fight out without interruption. 