AVOCA BOROUGH COUNCIL. Ihursdav, Utk December. This was an ordinary meeting, t'reseni . ^ Snell, English, Campbell, Steel, Filbey.and Buhlert. In the absence of the Mayor, Cr Snell was voted to the chair. . , The minutes of the previous meetings were read and confirmed; The outward correspondence was read, as was also theinnard, which consisted of— A telegram from Messrs Nutt and Co, in refe rence to clearing logs from under the Avoca Bridge. A telegram from Mr B. G. Davies, M.L.A., re questing the Town Clerk to forward certain docu ments refuting statements of opponents of amalga A letter from the Central Board of Health, in reference to the sanatory condition of Avoca, and enclosing extracts from the Towns Inspector s re ports, with suggestions thereon. On the motion of Cr Steel, seconded by Cr Filbey, the documents were ordered to be handed over to the Town Inspector, with instructions to act upon the sugeestions therein contained. The rext business on the paper was the conside ration of the following notice, standing in the name of Cr Snell :— ' That all stumps, lo^s, and ot»'er impediments to traffic be removed trom nussen street. ' . . After a lengthy conversation, in which allusion was made to the existence of stumps in High- street and also to the dangerous state of High -street, a, Mr Bacon's corner. O Buhlert moved, ' That tenders be called for clearing the stumps, &c;, in Russell-street.' Cr English seconded the motion, which was put and declared carried. On the suggestion of the Town Clerk, fences were ordered to be erected in High-street, opposite t'-e Bank, for the purpose of confining the traffic to the metalled portion of the street for a short time. Lamps were ordered to be placed at each end of this fence on dark nights. The tenders for tarrinp and painting the Avoca Bridce, and for clearing logs from under and in the vicinity of l'1e fiarn?5 were l''en opened, and On the motion of Cr Buhlert, seconded by Cr Snell, the tender of H. M'Ewan, for the whole of the work, for £23, was accepted. In the course of opening the abnve tenders, a letter from Mr Rolls 'he Borough Dog Inspector, was produced, calling the attention of the Council to tli3 want of a dog-house, wherein to secure the animals captured, as also the necessary apparatus fnr destroying them, according to the provisions of the Dog Act. Some conversation ensued, in which it was re marked that the existence of the Council would not date many days longer, to make it desirable to en tertain the application, and resulted in a motion by Cr Filbey,—' That the Town Surveyor be in structed to prepare plans, specifications, of a dog house.' Seconded by Cr Campbell, and Carried. The Town Clerk drew the attention of the Coun cil to the 03rd clause of the Local Government Act, which required that once, at leatt, in every year a rate shall be struck, and that the time within which this should be done had nearly expired. He wished the instructions of the Council upon this subject, as. before this could be done, the valuation of the Roroun;h mm-t be taken, which would allow of no delay to admit the striking a rate within the pre scribe'! time. The question was, whether, as amal gamation was likely to be proclaimed in the course of a few (hys, it was imperative that the Council should strike a rate at this late period. It was carried, on the motion of Cr Buhlert, seconded by Cr English, — ' That the subject of the Council's valuation and striking a rate be referred to the Council's solicitor.' The Town Clerk also drew the attention of the Council to the fact that this was their last ordinary meeting, and pointed out that it was desirable a committee should be appointed, with power to in spect all works which are in progress, to settle all outstanding accounts, and examine all books and documents of the Council, as a wind up to the Councils existence. Cr Steel moved,— 'That Crs Sr.ell, English, Campbell, Buhlert, and the mover be appointed a committee for the above object.' Seconded by Cr Filbey, and carried. Cr Snell said that as this was the last ordinary meeting of the Council, they had a duty to perform which he felt a pleasure in bringing before them. He would move, — That the thanks of this Council be conveyed to Mr Pascoe, the Town Clerk, the same to be drawn up by a committee, and engrossed on parchment, for presentation to that gentleir.an.' The untiring zeal always evinced by Mr Pascoe in the discharge of his public duties, was a source of extreme satisfaction ; and the ratepayers of Avoca had always found Mr Pascoe, in his position of a private gentleman, ever ready to assist in carrying out every good work, and never more active than in the cause of benevolence. The motion was seconded by Cr Steel^ and car ried, and Crs Snell, Steel, Buhlert, and English were appointed the committee. Mr Pascoe acknowledged the compliment in a brief and appropriate speech, remarking that he would tender his thanks more fully on the occasion of the presentation of the address. This concluded the ordinary business of tbe meeting. The damage done by the late bush-fire to the sheep runs in the Burra district (South Australia^ is estimated at £20,000. ' Joseph Sherwell, alias Fosteb, schoolmaster at Kingower, was committed for trial at the Ingle wood, on a charge of assault, with intent to commit a rape, upon a child seven years of age. Coal at Geelono. — We learn from our Gee long correspondent that the coal-boring operations in the horough of Newtown and Chilwell gave yes terday [Friday] most favorable indications of the vicinity of a large seam of that mineral, a thin seam of pure bright coal of about six inches thick havine been struck. The hopes of the prospectors and shareholders in the company have consequentlv re vived. — Araus. ^ J A return laid before the Legislative Assembly shows that there are in Victoria 1156 pastoral runs, occupying, at the time of the passing of the Duffy Land Act, an area of 31,875,408 acres, and produ cing a rental of £225,113 17s 7d, or an average of httle more than l£d per acre. As many as 89 runs occupying an area of (5,277,340 acres, produce less than id per acre. Since 1862, 364 of these runs have been transferred, and 1,311,469 acres em braced in them have been alienated. As many as /C I runs, extending over 3,748,693 acres, have been forfeited under the provisions of the Land Act of 1862\. In addition to the above, there are 16 runs occupying 345,604 acres, the area or rent of which has not been satisfactorily determined, 