NEW SOUTH WALES. BEN HALL'S GANG AGAIN AT WORK. — News re[?]ched Young on Saturday evening last that Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn had stack up about 30 men that morning between the Fourteen and Sixteen Mile Bushes, Burrangong. They detained those taken prisoners from daylight until 3 p.m. The bush rangers took no money from any of those stopped, stating that they were waiting to waylay the bank agents, who might be going to Seventeen Mile Bosh to purchase gold. The whole aftair is described as looking more like a pionic than anything else. The bushrangers took matters very easily, and laughed and chatted with their prisoners as if bent on making the time pass as joyously as possible. One of those detained bad a supply of bread in his charge, and another a quantity of butter, both of which were appropriated to appease the appetites of those present. A third capture was that of a news- vender, and the three highwaymen availed themselves of the chance to obtain the most recent intelligence, and they all three laid down on the grass and read over the papers. About 3 p.m. one of those kept pri soner, a boy, succeeded in making his escape, and as soon as it was discovered that he had absconded the bushrangers permitted their other captives to depart. One of them (supposed to be Dnnn) exchanged bridles with one of the prisoners, and this and the appropriation of the bread and butter was the only tiling aoue in the way of robbery or barter.— Tats Courier. COHMEBCIAIu Bivkbina.—The.E?oeriii? Merald of the 17th says : "The following have crossed since our last:— Wednesday—184 head of &t; cattle, G-wynne, Edward Biver. Friday—44 head of fat cattle, Jenkins, Mor rutnbidgee. A flock of about 3,000 fat sheep belong ing to Mr. Hugh Glass, from the-Billabong, will cross the river to-morrow (Saturday) morning. Forty rams, belonging to Mr. Dearmonth, crossed the river to-day for bis station at Moulamein." DEmnjonr.—The Deniiiquin Chronicle of the 16th inst. says:—"In fat cattle, the following mobs hare gone down daring the current week .—On Tues day, 400, Jenkins; and to-day, 269, Kirk & Golds borough's ; and 487, Keighran's. In fat sheep we have had three flocks—on Saturday, 5,000, Glass's; onMon doy, 1,740, Morgan's; and on Wednesday, 2,100, Downie's. On Monday, 580 store cattle (Smith's) crossed the river. On Tuesday, Mr. Collough'e (of Powers, Rutherford, & Co.) auction sale of store oattle took place in the yards, and 669 head were sold to Mr. H. Eioketeon, of Barrata,at£215s.— equal to cash. Mr. Taylor has also sold 100 head to Mr. Dickeon, of Cooroonboon, at a satisfactory figure. Inquiries are frequent for this description of stock, and although one or two mobs are reported as being on the road hither, as a snpply, they will be totally inadequate. Oaring the week 4,000 sheep liave been sold by the owner of Warbreeean station to Mr. Marfariane, of Baroga. The price has not transpired.- Bush-fires have been numerous, and ilthongh in one or two places fences have run con liderable risk, care and watchfulness appear hitherto o have ruccessfully warded off serious disaster. The Edward is rapidly approaching its summer level, and he hot weather has been pleasantly broken by a lay's rain." 