THE WEEK'S NEWS. The Northern Australian Company. — Under this title a very influential Company has been formed for the purchase of land in the Northern Territory. The projector met on. Sa turday last, at the office of the South Australian \- Mining Association, and the Hon. J. Hart pre sided. It.was-stated that about 25,000 acres of iand had been applied for on behalf of the Com pany, and it was resolve! to raise capital sufficient to pay for the land, and to send a large quantity of sheep and horse-stock oveiland to the new tenltory for the purpose of taking up large areas of pastoral land in terms of the (Government regu lations. As the basis of the Company is to be a road one, it is likely to be very successful. It will possess a paid up capital of not less than £20,000 iu 2,000 shares, with power to make calls to the extent of £30,000 additional. A Committee, consisting of the Hon. H. Avers, the Hon. J. Hart, the Hon. T. Elder, and Messrs. Levi, Tom lcinson, Blytli, M.P., and Graves, was appointed to draft the constitution of the Company, to be sub mitted to a meeting to be held on the 16th instant. In addition to the Committee named, the pro prietary consist of many well-known colonists of wealth and position, and the Company is there fore launched under very favourable circumstances. The Miners1 Strike.—With reference to tiie complaints .of the - miners at the Wallaroo and Moohta Mines, as set forth in their memorial to the Directors of those Companies, we have gathered the following information at the Mine Offices in AdelaideThe Directors have enquired into the allegations of the miners on strike at the mines as to the insufficiency of the wages, and-find that the minimum rate of wages was fixed so as'to enable the men to.earn at least 35s. per week; but as the work is almost invariably by tbe piece, they may, of course, earn much more. The rates paid at Wallaroo and Moonta are equivalent to the usual wages of similar establislunents in the colony, and' the men, if so inclined, can earn 45s. to £3 per week. The rules as to the payment of the subsist money are the same as obtain at the Burra and other mines. The Directors have not had any circumstance of cruelty or ill- treatment on the part of their agents at the mine brought before their notice by the mefif although the latter com plain of being subjected generally to incivility from one of the captains. The following telegram was posted at the Exchange oil Saturday:—"The miners'of Wallaroo and Moonta refuse to treat with present agent. Strict order is maintained."' Hobttcoltoral and Floricdltoral SOCIETf. —The monthly meeting of the Committee of the Horticultural and Floricultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms, on Saturday afternoon, April 2. There were present Messrs. J. G. Hoffmann (in the chair), J. Doyle, F. C. Davis, W. Pen gelly, J. Steer, IV. Hackett, J. Powell, P Norton, and J. P. Smith (Secretary). The lastf named gentleman reported that he had, in accor. dance with the instructions of the Committee, got 500 lists, containing the names of subscribers and other information, printed at a cost of £i 10s., ten ■ shillings of which -had been handed back to him as a subscription. A catalogue of persons likely-to join the Society if solicited was then sub-, mitted, and it was decided that the Secretary, should personally wait upon those residing in town, and send Impost a printed copy of the list of subscribers to those who lived out of Adelaide. It was resolved that the. rule prescribing that persons should pay their subscriptions before being entitled to exhibit at the Shows should for the future be enforced. Mr. W. Hackett gave notice of his intention to move that the meetings of the Committee be held on Thursday instead of Saturday. Considerable discussion then took place with respect to the subject of the next Show, and ultimately it was decided, on the motion of Mr. F. - C.'Davis, that Thursday, the 21st day of April, should be the day fixed for holding it, and that the Exhibition should be open to the exhibition of works of art connected with horticulture. A Sub committee to arrange the prize-list, a Committee of Management, and Judges for the Show having been appointed, the meeting closed. Electoral District of Babossa.—It will be seen by the letter of our own correspondent that Mr. Reynolds has declined to become a candidate for Barossa, and that a Committee has been formed to secure the election of Mr. J. P. Boucaut is room of Mr. Barritt, resigned. Collision.—On Saturday afternoon, the driver of Mr. Tolley's cart turned sharply from Currie. street into King William-street, running his vehicle against an omnibus so forcibly that he was pitched out on his face and hands in the street. He was taken up insensible, aud conveyed to Messrs. Jewell & Nicholls's stables, Currie-street, where in a short time he recovered sufficiently to resume his business. Representative Men.—The biographers of great men sometimes present very curious coinci dents. Plato," Raphael, and Shakspeare are said to have all died on the anniversary of their birth. Plato died at the age of 81; Raphael at precisely . one-third of that age, namely 37; and Shakspeare at the age of 52. It is further remarkable that Cer vantes, the celebrated author of "Don Quixote," died on the same day and year as Shakspeare. Raphael's birth and death occurred on this day of the year (April 7), N.S. A RunaWAT. —On Friday, the 1st inst.. a horse attached to a baker's cart took fright near the Green Dragon Hotel, South-terrace. At a rapid rate it proceeded in the direction of King William street, scattering to the right and left sides of the road various small parcels of the "staff of life," as well as the top and some fragments of the cart Having turned into King William- street the fugi tive pressed on towards Victoria-square. Here, however, its dangerous progress was arrested by a young man named Edmund Eames, who adroitly sprang into the back of the cart, and thus pre vented the-possibility of any further mischief. The only damage sustained, it appears, is that recorded. Fatal Accident, by Fibe at Willunga.— On Monday last a sad accident occurred to a fine tittle girl named Catharine Leaker, aged six years, within a mile of the township. On the morning of that day Mr. John Humphris, jun., had burnt his stubble in an adjoining field, and though the Adelaide road passed between the field on which the stubble was burnt and. the residence of the girl, she had wandered across it to where thefire had been burning in the morning; accompanied by three other children. She was noticed on the ground, immediately after which she was seen enveloped in flames,, leaping upwards from her clothes, as she ran towards her home. The other children were so frightened as to be unable to render any assistance. On hearing their screams the-grandfather and mother ran over towards them,"but beforeeiiher could reach her the "poor sufferer's clothes were burnt off her back. She -was at once carried into the bouse, and such reme dies as were at hand used until medical assistance was procured. Mr. Jay, surgeon, was speedily in attendance, and did all in his power to alleviate the condition of the sufferer. But from the first her recovery was deemed hopeless, and -she Bank in the evening, within eight hours from the occurrence of the accident. On Tuesday afternoon an inquest. was held at the house of Mr. George Leaker, the father-of the child, before Dr. Mackintosh, J. P., arid a highly-respectable Jury, of which Mr. John Bnoswell acted as foreman, when most of the above facts were elicited, and a verdict returned to the effect that the deceased Catharine Leaker came to .Her death from her clothes taking fire accidentally at the field adjoining which had been recently -burnt,-and that no blame is attachable to the owner of the stubble-field or to the parents, the child having been recently cautioned by the mother not to go near it. . Si. Mask's, fenwoetham.—The adjourned Easter Vestry meeting of this Church was held in the schoolhouse, Penwortham, on Monday. April 4; the Bev. 8. Dutton Green, the Incumbent, in the chair.: Mr. John Jacob, as one of the retiring Churchwardens, read the balance-Bheet for the} past year, and the accounts were passed. A vote of thanks to the retiring Churchwardens was pro-i posed, seconded, and carried unanimously. Thanks Were returned by the Churchwardens. The Incum bent requested Mr. Jacob to act as his Warden for the ensiling year." Mr. Jacob consented to act;.at the same time explaining that in consequence of his being about to leave the neighbourhood, in all probability he wonld not be able to discharge the duties of his office beyond the end of the present year.,-The meeting expressed its regret to learn that the Churcbin this district was likely to lose Mr. Jacob's valuable services, which he has so long and so zealously devoted to her welfare. . Mr. Bichard Jones, upon being requested by the Vestry to allow himself to be re-elected as people's Warden for the ensuing year, stated it would cause him great inconvenience to act again; whereupon Mr. Samuel ljloyd was duly elected as the con gregation's Churchwarden. It was proposed, seconded, - and carried unanimously, that Mr Jacob-be elected as Synodsman. The decayed and-insecure state of" the Penwortliam churchyard fence-was brought before the meeting by the | Churchwardens, when it was resolved that sub. aciiptions be forthwiih solicited throughout .the district .to provide the means -of enclosing the ground with a substantial five-wire fence.' A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. Meadows.—Our own correspondent gives a florid description of a picnic , on Easter Monday. held by the good folk of-that locality at -apip turesque bend of the Onkaparinga. It is to he re gretted that several bush-fires have swept that part of the country lately. Although no homestead has been , consumed by them, such visitations are always destructive and fraught with immense danger.- Every possible care should be taken to prevent their occurrence, and no exertiod spared to extinguish them when possible. . alaeu Signals foe Voluhteers.—At the close of the battalion drill on Wed neaday aftemoon cards specifying the alarm signals to be used on calling out the wolunteeiB for service either by day or night were issned to those who attended. It is therefor^ highly, probable that an eariy pppor tunity.will be .taken to surprise the town god suburban companies, -and we hope that our volunteers will not be -found wanting. -The-fol lowing .are the signals:—"Byday—I. Three guns fired near the Armoury. North-terrace, at intervals <bf one minute. 2. Blue flag -with white cross on Blagstaff at Volunteer Office. 3. Bugle sounding * assembly.' By night—1. Three gnns fired near the Armoury, North-terrace, at intervals of .one minute. 2. Blue light on Flagstaff at Volunteer Office 3. Bugle sounding 'assembly/" The New Bank.—The Adelaide Branch of the English, Scottish, and Australian CliarteEed Bank commenced business on Monday,- April 4. under the management of Mr. J. B. Spence, in the premises formerly occupied by the Union Bank in Gresham-street, and we understand that among the accounts which were opened on the first day was one for the new Government of Northern Australia. The notes of the new Bank are perhaps already familiar to the commercial portion.of our readers, but for those who have not seen them we may mention that they are neatly printed upon watered paper, and' that they more resemble the notes of the Bank of England and tfie South Aus tralian Banking Company than those of our. other colonial establishments. The discpunt days in Gresham-street are Monday and Thursday. Boabd op Education;—1The meeting 'of the Board on Monday was a private one, a discus sion on the subject of stipends being the only intended business. The following notice has been issued by the Board:—"The Central Board of Education have just'been informed, by the Go vernment tliat in placing the Estimates for the ensuing financial year before Parliament, the Go vernment cannot recommend the increase of £500 on the last year's vote, which the Board have re quested, to provide for .such increase ;of country schools as the circumstances of the province render' necessary.' ThecGovernment fully; admit the necessity of such additional schools, but state: that the £500 required for that object must be ob tained by reducing the maximum ratq of Stipend now being paid bothitq male and female teachers. Should the Parliament pass this item of the.Esti mates in the form in. which.it will probably be presented to them, the Board will, after the 1st July, 1864, be under the necessity of reducing the maximum rate of stipend: of male teachers to £60 (sixty pounds), and of female teachers to £40 • (forty pounds), all stipends being adjusted at and under the former amount. At the request of the Government the Board now give to licensed teachers a quarter's! notice of the proposed re duction." Police Kewabd Ponds.—The money accruing to the police as a. Bewaid Fund is in South Aus tralia divided annually on a principle which gives a considerable sum to the superior officers, already sufficiently paid, of which gratuity' no notice is taken in the Estimates, or by Parliament in-fixing the salaries. The men of the force are in no way benefited by the distribution, so small is the portion that comes to each individual's share The men have repeatedly requested, but without success, that the Reward Fund should be allowed to accumulate so -as to form the nucleus of a Superannuation Pond for old, disabled, or meri torious policemen. The' Victorian Audit Com missioners, in" their review of tlie finance of that colony to the31stDecember, 1862, state "that the Police Reward Fund had to its credit £42p2713s. Id. During the year 1882, out of the fund were paid—pensions, .£279 lis.: good conduct pay, £3 6s. 6dl:(!); rewards, £370;. and gratuities, £1,446 2s. 4d. The collections in the . year 1862 for the fund amounted to £4,300, the expenditure out of it to £2,200—consequently, the year 1882 increased the fund by £2,100.' The police force" on the:31st December, 1S82, was composed of Chief Conunis sioner Standish, appointed 1st September, 1858; Paymaster Mair, appointed March,1843; Inspect ing Superintendent P. H. "Smith; appointed Feb. ruary, 1853; 12 first-class superintendents; and 7 of. the second class; 5 first and 5 second class; in. spectors; -18 sub-inspectors; 80 sergeants,.first and second .class; 1,007 constables; 8 escort-drivers; 41 detectives; and with some other officials the total muster roll of the force appears 1,260.. That a Beward Fund of £43,000 exists for tl^em appears pretty considerable saving for their, benefit." Nasbne.—-This thriving- agricultural township has been the scene of pleasing festivities during the Raster holidays. The members of the Court Mountain GIen,A.O.F„ held their anniversary on Good Friday, and the dinner went off pleasantly. although wanting therefining influence which would doubtless have;attended the presence of the ladies who declined the invitation of the gallant. Foresters. During the evening a silver medal was presented to P.C.R. Carr, as a recognition of his gratuitous and valuable services as secretary to. the Court for the preceding year. The "members of the Worthing Lodge held. their anniversary on the same day, at Callington, when, in addition to the usual procession and banquet, the proceedings were distinguished by a very able lecture on "The Principles and Practice of Oddfellowship" by P.V.G. Ryder, of the Flinders Lodge. A reli gious service and tea-meeting took place the same day in the Primitive Methodist Chapel, Cal lington. State Aid to Religion in Victoria.—In 18® the expenditure for public worship was £31,500, - and the relative numbers of the population of Victoria in 1861 of the principal denominations were— Pg£* Church of England ... 205,700 £7,400 £8,600 Catholics 107,700 4,800 4,700 Presbyterians and Free Presbyterians ... 33,000 — 880 Wesleyans ... ... 40,800 2,150 1,080 Lutherans 10,000 290 330 Unitarians 1,430 76 70 United Free Methodists 1,140 121 — Primitive Methodists ■ 3.775 — 166 Banking Defalcation.—The Geelong Chronicle says:—" A painful rumour has reached our ears to the effect that a gentleman connected with one of the Banks, not one hundred miles fromGeelong, is non est, being a defaulter".to a large amount. We give the rumour as publicly reported, trusting that it may prove untrue or capable of explana tion, especially as the gentleman in. question was much respected by all who were acquainted with him." Australian Homestead.—We have seen water-colour picture by Mr. W. R. Thomas, , of which the subject is a fancy sketch of an Austra lian homestead, but which is treated in a natural and artistic manner—natural in the arrange ment of its still life, and artistic in the evidences of civilization introduced and the figures with which the . scene is animated. The transparent brilliancy of our South- Australian atmosphere is preserved, whilst the brightness is not oppressive, as the grouping of the objects admits of sober colouring, which gives a pleasing and truthful tone to the picture, Mount Pleasant.—The competition amongst the wheat-buyers has been so active, jin this dis trict that the farmers" have been able to dispose of agreat portion of their produce without the trouble of carting it to town. -The sale has somewhat slackened in consequence of the slight decline in prices and the reduction/of stocks, but the town ship has' benefited in proportion"-to the large traffic that has recently passed .through it There have, •been some days when- hot winds -prevailed to an uncomfortable extend hut' the: recent change, to showery weather has .been not only a source of enjoyment; hut is likely to be very .beneficial in promoting an early growth of grass. \- Destitute, Sick." and Insane-Poor.—The average monthly retofu for March shows that: there were in the Destitute Asylum 86 English, 36 Irish, 8 Scotch, and 7 persons from other countries —total, 137. There were • receiving outdoor relief during the same -month :267 English, 116 Irish,27 Scotch, and 13 persons from othercbuntries— total, 423; grand total receiving relief, 560.. These' numbers inqkids" 31 male and 26 female children - indoors. There; was an average in the Hospital of 103 patients and 107 in the Lunatic Asyltun daring the same period. ; - * : The Bushranger Gajrdiner's Paramour.— In the Yom Courier there is the following brief accountof-the personal history of Gardiner'si paramour. Mrs. Brown*—"Since the apprehension - of Frank Gardiner, public cariosity has been raised as to the Birth, parentage, and education jpf the lady who has' connected her. name—nother■ fate—with his. Her devotion.is one of the.re-! matkable features in woman's character. Cathe rine Welsh, the wife Of-one Brown,. a native of; the colony, was horn.-of humble' but respectable parents, and is nowabaut 19 years of age. Some years ago she (came. tqTass to be educated, and ! was a scholar . in Mrs. Staniforth's school,; re maining at one of the 'most respectable hotels in the town during that time. • She . left for home, and subsequently contracted marriage with Brown. Her late career is ;weQ known. We have been told that her father still: lives, but that her mother died some eighteen months ago.'" ; A Fatal WgjjDiXG.—The following comes through the New.York Observer f-r-The announce ment was inade .in the evening papersof thecity on Wednesday, the 3rd ult."Married—Attbe residence-of the bride's-father, 13. Vemck-placej at half-past 10 a.m., by the ftev, J.Copperiand .Lee Jones, Henry Conklin Vanderbilt, to Minnie daughter of the,Hon. JSlbridge G. Baldwin,-of this city."".." Died—At 13, Verrick-place,at a quarter to 12 o'clock a.m., Henry -Conklin,, oldest son,of John T, 'and Margaret C. Tanderbilt,; of Phila delphia, Ps." The ahove record was strictly accurate. " So swift trod sorrow on the heels of ! joy.',' The Philadelphia Wortft American contains the following particulars" At 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon were borne, to the. dost' from whence I they came'the remains of Mr. Henry C. Tanderbilt, over which.soixowed a yonng girl l7 years of age, who in two hours, passed from the, condition of maidenhood ~ to matron, and from matron to widowhood. ' She was married in Hew York to Mr. Vanderbilt, -whoYesided at Ho. 2000, Wallace street, Philadelphia, at A quarter to 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning. At J2 o'clock the groom, who was 21 years of age, died from congestion of - the heart—died literally in the fulness of unutter able joy at the successful consummation of his earnest courtship. The wedding was. compara tlvely private, and the young man, apparently in bounding health and, unmistakably buoyant ■ spirits, was conversing with his newly-made bride, when the .fatal'spasm, induced by congestion, i seized upon him. Medical aid was summoned, but ' the fountain was for ever broken. Charuestoh.—The anniversary services jn con npctioa with the Sunday-school, Charleston, were. held on Sunday;, the 3rd, when '.-the Bev. J. G.. Wright, of Mount Barker, ■ preached 'Jtfwo' sermons,' attracting large congregation^ upon each occasion.. On Monday there was a, juvenile festival, uud an entertainment for adults, and in the evening there was a public meeting—Mr. W. Kelly in the chair —which went off very satisfactorily. ; MabejB; Boabd.—Mr. E. K. Horn has been appointed, a Warden of the Marine Board, vice Bmith, resigned. V BENCS of "Magistrates.—The adjourned meet ing of the Bench of Magistrates was held on Thursday, when the licences which had not yet been decided upon came under consideration and were disposed of. Waste Lands Sold by Private Contract.— During the month of March 31 sections, containing 6,363 acres, were sold by private contract, and realized the sum of £6,771 Ss. District By-Laws.—The Gazette contains By laws proposed by the District Council of Yanka lilla, published for general information before they arc submitted to the Governor for confirmation; also, By-laws proposed by the District Council of Echunga. Population.—During the week ending 2nd April, the passengers at Port Adelaide were— Inwards—23 men, 12 women, 4 boys, arid 2 girls. Outwards—IS men, 18 women, 2 boys, and 4 girls. Guichen Bay.—The south-eastern people, like their.fellow-colonists elsewhere, have had. their holiday picnics, and are now setting themselves seriously, to meet the business of winter. The Penola arrived at Port Bobe on the afternoon,of Good Friday, and,, having landed her passengers, sailed at midnight on • Saturday- for - Melbourne The Rev.-Mr. Sheldon returned ;from Adelaide by the Coorong, and his hearers are greatly pleased to have him back again amongst them. , A cricket club is about to . be formed.- at Robe, and our own correspondent hopes it will be a permanent insti tution. On Monday evening Mr. Hall, the poly phonist,. gave a reading from "The Lady of Lyons" for the benefit pf.the Institute. ..The entertainment took place in the large room of the Robe Hotel, lent by Mr. Dobiusoii for the occasion,. and was very successful. Wentworth. —Ourown correspondent mentions mismanagement with reference to the carriage and delivery of letters between Wentworth and Ade laide, which will no doubt be promptly rectified by the Postmaster-General. The Lady Daly had arrived, and intended to return to Blanchetown immediately, in consequence of the low state of the river. The Lady. Augusta had also arrived at Wentworth, but, had met considerable delay on her voyage in consequence of the low state of the river. During the upward trip a spark from the funnel of the Lady Daly ignited a bale of hay, which communicated with another bale of the same inflammable substance. Fortunately, the alarm was given in time to admit of the.extiu guishing of the fire, the two bales of hay only having been damaged. The flood reported in the. Darling three weeks ago had reached Wentwortli, and caused a rise in the river, but had so mixed the water with mud as to render it almost unfit for use. Mr. Randall was reported to have raised theuncensumed part of the Bunyip, and towed it to ATannum. The mail coach reported to have started for Wentworth five weeks ago had not arrived on the 28th March. Weslevan ¥oung Mjen's Society—Dr. Clark I delivered, the second .part of .his lecture, entitled "A Flight through the Realms of Knowledge,"' at ] the Wesleyan Lecture Hall; Pirie-street, before the members of the, Adelaide"YVesleyan Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association on Friday evening, April 1. There was a good attendance. The lecturer alluded-mainly to the subjects of j anatomy, chemistry; and geology. - He described : in a very interesting " manner the admirable mechanism of the human frame, alluding to. .the functions performed by the various organs, and showingthataknowtedgeofhydraulics, pneumatics, acoustics, and iifoer sciences was necessary to a ! proper understanding of . the structure of the'body- J He also . made some judicious remarks on the j studies most advantageous for young men; pointed j out the benefits produced .by the pursuit of a course of scientific enquiry—showing that it was calculated to impart a knowledge of many facts which could'be turned to practical use.; and wound up by expressing a hope that the enquiries they might institute on the domains of nature would lead their minds to a closer contemplation of the character of the great Creator. A vote of thanks was heartily accorded to lJr. Clark at the end of his lecture. , Gas.—Thg laying of the gas-pipes northward from the City Bridge, which was commenced on the 29th ultimo, is being carried on with vigour, under the superintendence of Mr. Anderson, the Engineer of the Company. On Wednesday evening the pipes had been laid and the earth filled in ata distance of quite half a mile from the bridge. Stealing from the Botanic Garden.—For some time past depredations have been reported as having been committed in gardens in the city and suburbs. The offenders in many cases have carried away some of the choicest plants that could be raised in the colony, and hitherto the delinquents.have managed to evade detection. Iri these instances the producers have had no .other redress or satisfaction than that afforded by a number of unsuccessful attempts to bring the guilty parties to justice. On Monday,- however, a case of this description was brought before the Police Magistrate, the information being laid by Mr. G. W. Francis, Manager of the Botanic Garden. The plants and shrubs stolen, it appears, weresome which liad been imported from England at considerable expense, and even then were ob tained with great difficulty. - The offender pleaded guilty, and was ordered to pay an amount suffi cient, to compensate for the damage sustained, besides a penalty of 403i ■ Removing a Landmark.—The Argus of the 2nd April says:—"A few days .more and nothing will be left of Batman's Hill bat the recollection. The wind-vane which crowned the hill still stands, hut the navvies have now approached it so nearly on both sides that it will soon disappear. The cutting proceeds on three sides at once, the earth and clay being drawn to fill up the space between the hill and the railway on the one side, and the harbour on the other. At the highest part the soil consisted of some six or eight feet of earth and rolled quartz gravel, overlying a stiff clay of varied colours, often approaching to stone in hardness. It is almost a source of regret that railway necessities have called for the removal of one of the most interesting landmarks of the colony." . .MEadows.—The first anniversary of the Spring grove Sunday-School was celebrated on Sunday, the 3rd, and Monday, the 4th April. The Rev. W. Bennett, of Clarendon, preached air Sunday. The children were regaled on Monday, with a; treat of tea, cake, fruit, &c.;, such as the little ones look forward to with eager expectation, and enjoy as only children can. A public meeting succeeded, at which Mr. T. Jones, of Springgrove, presided, and several addresses were delivered, after which a collection was made, part of .which is to be.paid to the Circuit Fund. The bush fires, which recently -looked so dangerous in this part of the country,; have happily been extinguished without having ravaged any private property, A great quantity .of feed has, however, been consumed off .the .waste; lands, to which the fires were confined. < . Loyal Glen Osmond Lodge.—The first anni versary of the Loyal Glen Osmond Lodge, I A.LO.O.F., M.U.,-was held on April 7, in the large room recently erected over the. Vine Inn by Mrs. Henderson, who provided , an excellent spread. Upwards of 60 persons sat down to dide. G.M. Shemng presided,' supported by P.P.G.M.' Pritchard and N.G. Goldsack. The vice-chair -was filled by. P.G. Boyd. The table having been cleared -the usual programme of toasts was gone through, pach being appropriately 'proposed $rid duly "honoured. " Brother W. Fairbrother proposed "Prosperity to the Manchester Unity.''; Drank with Lodge honours. P.P.G.M. Pritchard re sponded. He remarked that by the last accounts from England the total'number of members in connection with the Order was (250,000,. and the value of the funds,was about a million-and a half.' It .had. also been calculated thatthe various -Friendly Societies in Great Britain saved the. Government at least "three millions of money by' the relief they afforded to brothers and to their> widows. The Government, he believed, were alive: to the. advantages of'such Societies, not only in ^pecuniary, but also in a social poiht.of vmw.;The: Vice-Cliainnan gave '"The' Widow and Orphan Fund.'.' .The Chairman responded, explaining: thatthe fund was formed by quarterly contribu- ■ tions from each: member. - It had been established nearly 2d years, and washow worth nearly £7,000. The funds were lent'ont at 10 pfercent., andfrom the interest and the continual accumulation of-the . contributions the Order,was enabled to pay a sum; of £30 on the death of 'every brother: - The' Go-) vernors of the Order had, -however, decided to 'in- i crease the- amount, ofpay—£5 for .every addi j tfonal six years which Vthe member. belonged; to it. There was also another fund. in. connec tion with it, entitled ."The Special Widow and Orphan Fund," which was appropriated' to the special relief of - the widows and ~ orphans of deceased brothers. He referred to two instances I where the families of deceased brothers were .sup ported and .educated from this fund. In this colony he believed there were about 6,000 members, and the funds amounted to nearly £41,000.' (Applause.) And this was-the result of nearly .21 years'expe rience in the colony. He urged those present who were not Oddfellows to associate themselves with some Order, and expressed a hope that some steps would he taken to: commemorate the majority of OddfeliowBhip in the colony. (Cheers.) Brother Warren gave '' The Loyal Glen .Osmond Lodge"— h toast which was duly acknowledged by G.M. Atkinson.. He isaid it had been opened 14 months, and now they mustered 35 members good op the books, and'.their funds amounted to about .£60. This prosperity was. owing greatly to the absence of sickness during the! past year. The. District Officers were duly honoured by their healths being drunk, and the toast was acknowledged by the Chair, man, who remarked that the Order extended itself from Mount Bemarkable to Mount Gambier, and from Yorke'g Peninsula to Port Elliot, embracing 58 Lodges, which should be visited every year, but Which It was impossible for the District Officers to do, P.P.G.M. Pritehard, hi proposing "All Kindred Societies," strongly urged all .persofis to join such Societies, not' only for the benefit they would themfeelves" receive, but. the .relief they, would also afford to others. A number of the customary toasts were then duly honoured,-and a variety.of songs by-members of the company and music by a small'band brought from Adelaide brought the evening on till past midnight, when the arranged proceedings were concluded, and'the Chairman left the room. Several "choicespirits," however, remained till a later hour to enjoy further conviriaiity and haoaopy. Death of the Wife of the Rev. J. Jeffebis. —On Sunday morning last, as the accustomed worshippers were assembling at the North Ade laide Congregational Chapel, the rumour was whispered that the wife of the pastor, Mrs, Jefl'eris, who was only confined on the previous Wednesday, was very dangerously . ill—scarlet : fever having 6et in on Saturday afternoon, the preliminary devotions and scripture reading were conducted by. Mr. E. A. Tarlton, one of the Deacons, and the Rev. G. Stonehouse, who had been suddenly called upon, preached an excellent sermon from the words "Of whom the whole family in heaven and in earth is named." At the conclusion of the service Mr. Tarlton made the sad and startling announcement that Mrs. Jefl'eris had expired at half-past 11 o'clock that morning, and ; that the customary services of the day would consequently be omitted. The news came as a . thunderclap upon the congregation, who received it with evidences of the deepest concern and grief, : for it was impossible to realize the fact -that one i who by her kind, cheerful, and Christian disposU, ; tion had made herself beloved by all, would not I again be welcomed in their midst. The greatest • \ sympathy was expressed for the bereaved widowen | whose house had thus been desolated by the hand | of death, and by whom so heavy a personal loss i been experienced. The funeral of, the. late | Mrs. -Jefferis took place on Monday, April 4.. Shortly after 3 o'clock the immediate-friendsof the Eev. Mr. Jefferis,. including the Rev. Messrs, Evan, Cox, Hare us, Manthorpe, Hodge. S.> L. Harris, Cheetham, and Stonehouse, Dr. Wluttell,. and a few others, assembled at thp widower's new - residence, adjoining the church, at North Ade laide, where a devotional service was conducted by the Rev. Messrs. Manthorpe and Cox. A very large number of persons had also gathered together anxious to pay the last tribute of respect to the memory of one who was so dearly loved. It was no mere formal etiquette which brought'So many together, but the genuine expression of many hearts which had been saddened by the bereaving' stroke—not only in relation, to their dividual loss, but also to the awful blow which has been permitted to fall on one beloved by many- and honoured by all. Shortly before 4 o'clock the coffin, was placed in the hearse, and the long cortege slowly moved off. There were three mourning coaches--, the first containing the Rev. Mr. Jefferis, the Rev. Mr. Hodge, the Eev. Mr. Stonehouse, and Dr. VVhittell; the second, Rev. Messrs. G. W. Evpn, F. W. Cox; C. Manthorpe, H. Cheetham, and S, L. Harris; and the third, Messrs. R- A., Tarlton, G. Phillips, R. Milne, E. C. Mitton. and X .T Sliawyer, tlie Deacons of the North Adelaide Con gregational Church. Then followed upwards of 40 carriages and other vehicles, containing the Rev. Mr. Harcus, the Rev. Mr. Brown (Wesleyan), the* Bev. Mi. Mead (.Baptist), with lay representatives from nearly all of the metropolitan and suburban churches. Many of the female friends of the., deceased also assembled near thechnrch to see the, mournful procession leave.. The cortege passed along Brougham-place into the Bridge-road, Sing William-street, Franklin-street, and West-terrace. 1 Whiletraversing King William-street the numerous shops which were partly closed bore evidence| of j the sympathy which this sudden and mournful occurrence had evoked. The funeral was .met at , the Cemetery .by a considerable gatheringof J friends who had previously assembled there, including Mr. Bakewell, M.P., Mr. J. Brown, the Bev. Mr. Pollitt, and others. The coffin having been borne to the grave, and the mourners having grouped round it, the Kpv. Mr. Stonehouse read appropriate ■ passages of Scripture, after which the Bev. Mr. Hodge con- ! .ducted prayer, in the course of which he .was ■ deeply affected while commending the bereaved ; husband and family to the merciful care of God. The corpse having been lowered into the grave, . and a simple. wreath of roses—the offering of a j mourning friend—placed upon the coffin, which bore the following inscription:—"Mary Louisa Jefferis, died 3rd April, lSt'4, aged 31 years"—the assembly took a farewell look into the tomb, and then, slowly left. Thus has passed from us one who, by her many Christian virtues—in the home, in the social circle, and in the Church—has , won ai name which will long be fondly cherished by many a sorrowing heart. Testimonial to Mb. B. B. Tobeens.—1The Torrens Testimonial Committee met at White's Booms on Monday, April 4. The Hon. A-Forster was voted to the chair, and there were presept His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, the Hon. G. Hall, Hon. E. McEllister, Hon. Dr. Davies, T Magarey, W. Bartley,;and the Secretary (Mr. J. K. Penney). The Secretary reported that he had forwarded the memorial, -with circulars, to each District Chairman; that he had also handed them to canvassers in the city, who had obtained LOW signatures. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide moved that the Committee be requested to prepare a similar memorial to that already drafted for pre sentation to the Legislative Council. The motion was seconded and carried. Various financial matters were then decided, and the Hon. G. Hall was elected Treasurer. It was resolved to address the District Chairmen on the subject of obtaining signatures, and the. Hon. Messrs. Forster, Hall, McEllister, and Davies, Mr. Magarey, and the Secretary were appointed a Corresponding Com mittee. Several subscriptions were then banded n to defray preliminary expenses. The Miners' Stbike. — The tradesmen of Kadina have addressed the following memorial to the proprietors of the the Wallaroo Mines:— "The respectful Memorial of the Tradesmen of Kadina to the Directors and Proprietors of the Wallaroo Mines " Showetk— " That there has been .for some months past a gradually-increasing dissatisfaction existing in the minds of the miners working on the Wallaroo Mines as to the amount of remuneration allowed for their labour, the lengthy mode of payment, and generally uncivil treatment of them by the Captain of the mine, which has at last culminated in a strike of the miners. "Your memorialists, while feeling the invidi ousness of their appearing to interfere with the relation of employer and employe, yet feel called upon, as humane men and persons dependent for their livelihood on the working of tbenunes in this locality, to respectfully request that you will cause enquiries to be made into the alleged grievance and the matter of the petition of th4 miners of the Wallaroo Mines, believing as we do that you were previously unaware of the unsatis? factory state of the relationship you were made to occupy towards the miners. "And if such petition is reasonable in its requests, that you will take such measure as will speedily remove the grievances complained of, and the obstruction of trade and the working of the mines." » (Signed by 59 tradesmen.) To that memorial the following reply, has been given by the Directors of the Wallaroo Mines'— ' " Gentlemen—I am instructed by the Directors of the Wallaroo Mines to acknowledge the receipt of your memorial, and, in reply, to inform' you .that after consideration of the statements con tained in it, the following resolution has" been passed by"theBoard:— " * The Directors of the Wallaroo Mines have come reluctantly to the resolution of suspending the workings of the mines.' ■ . " The payment of the increased wages de manded by the miners now on strike would cahse the mines to be carried on at a loss. These mines have been worked with great vigour, add by means of a large capital, for four years. During this period upwards of £450,000 have been expended, the greater portion of which'sum has been.paid into the hands of the working classes for labour; while the proprietors to this moment have not received one farthing of benefit. ' ; " Beyond this, as the miners now on strike decline to be employed under the present agent,; ■the Directors have inevitably come to the resolu tion announced. . ' ' ' ' ' "1 am farther instructed by the Directors to express their extreme regret that -they cannot comply with the requests of the memorialists,: believing that no sufficient grounds exist for cohi -plaints as to theTate of-wages; and the Directors' are not prepared' to entertain the question of the dismissal of their mining agent "I am, Gentlemen, -your obedient servant, ■ "Whjjam-Maib, Secretary. " To Messrs. James Martin^ J. W. Wilson, ' \- . and T. .£. - Hart, - Kadiha, signing on behalf of 59 memorialists.'" .With regard to the Moonta Mine, the Directors 'have, ire understand, given instructions to take on any men " willing to work at the recent rates, but: decline to make an increase. They consider these rates fair and reasonable. Valuable Present.—We have seen a very/ superior gold chronometer watch, with massive! chain and appendages, purchased with the object: which is-set forth in the folffiwmg inscription:: —"Presented to George Paqualm. .warehouse keeper, Her Majesty's Customs,' South Australia-' by .the .Custom-Bouse agents, clerks, and his, brother officers, on his promotion.'" It is under stood that there will be a meeting of the .sub-; scribers, at which the Hon. Treasurer, will preside: and present the watch, &c.;, to Mr. Paqualin. . Poet- Lincoln.—An interesting description of: the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a; chapel for the Baptist denomination at Port . Lincoln will be found in the letter of our own j correspondent. A tea meeting and children's' gala succeeded the more serious'business, and; were enjoyed by large numbers—bid and young. .. \- Colonial Wine Casks.—At the time, of the) South Australian Agricultural and Horticultural i Society's last Show we mentioned that a wipe! cask made of Memel oak, and capable of contain-1 ing about 350 gallons, was on the ground, and that i the exhibitors, Messrs.: Wilkins & Welbonme, had \ received a somewhat extensive order from Mr.! Evans, of Evandale, for similar articles. On Satur-. day evening three large vehicles containing in all 26. casks of the same sise, passed through the city en route for their destination, the unusual sight at tracting considerable interest. . ■* .'Campbell's Cbeek I Silver-Lead . Mining j Company, Cape Jebvis.—A correspondent in-: forms ns "that the captain's report this week states that all the works are looking well, and that. two new discoveries of a valuable character had : been made, at one of which a boy in two. hours : raised a quarter of aton.of lead. "Williams, the : Engineer of the Company,, states .that the crusher j will commence work on Tuesday, when .a consi derable quantity of ore would be dressed, and that the new discoveries and improved state of the older ones will soon demand large additions to stamping and crushing power, to prepare fof shipping the quantity of ore that can be raised." , The Albert .Bells.—An addition of £36 has been made to the Albert Bells Fund by the gentle men amateurs who recently performed with that object pt the Yictoiia Theatre, Shaespeahe Tercentenary.—A meeting, of . .the Sub-Committee,, .charged with making the necessary- arrangements* for the Shaksperian Entertainment at White's Booms was held in the South Australian Institute on the 5th instant. Mr. J. W. Lewis in the chair. There were present Messrs. J. H. Clark, EymiU, Abrahams. C. D. Cooper, and Rev. W. Harcus. It. was resolved to recommend to the General Committee that the entertainment should be given on Friday evening, the 22nd instant: The programme is not yet com pleted, but the Committee are beginning to see their way through the necessary arrangements. - An interesting bill of fare will, be presented, in- ! eluding a prologue, a lecture by the Chief Justice. , Shaksperian recitations and Shaksperian music; and there can be no doubt that such an entertain - ment will. secure a large audience. We hope ! to be able shortly to give fuller particulars. South Australian,Winegrowebs' and Wine makers' Association.—The .monthly meeting of this Association was held at the Globe Inn, Bundle-street, on.Tuesday, April 5....There were eight member? present, and the President. (Mr. S. E- Boord) took the. .chair. Mr. R.- Milne, . of Drumminer, who had been proposed at the pre vious-meeting,- was elected a member. of the Society; and Messrs. C. A. . Horaabrook, J. Kelsey, and C. White-were nominated for- election nest month. A question arose as to the Judges, for the ensuing Wine Show, whgn it appeared that by the rules winegrpwers.and.manjJacturere were: prohibited from , becoming; .Judges;. while . the opinion-;.was--pretty fully, expressed -that-iprac-." deal men, not. being exhibitors,- were the only men who could give a practical and independent decision. The President said that that was the fundamental rude; of the-Society. It was decided - that,the.number oftlie Judges for the June Show would be five; 'and Messrs. John -Brown, H. Robinson, H. Noltenius, T. R. Jones, ,W. D. Wigzell, W.' D. Wedemeyer, H. Poot, ip. A. HornabrOok,J. ..B.. Blundell, . —. Webb, R. Fotheringham, and — Kobneke were nominated for election at, the next-meeting. -Mr. G. F. Ind proposed that the Committee, meeting be held immediately, prior, to. the days of the monthly meetings,. Themotionwassefonded and carried. .The following motion was proposed by Mr. G. F. Ind, seconded-by Mr. T. R. Jones; and carried:— "That for the better management .of the funds of. the Association,' the subscriptions of all members' terminate on the. 31st December iri every year, and that the Secretary be requested to forward re ceipts to each- member 'to that effect." It was decided "also that five members form a .quorum at the general meetings: The president suggested that the inoney which they had. in hand should be disbursed in prizes for the June. Show.. The Secretary reported that he had £L1 7s. 6d. in hand, and several members had not yet paid their subscriptions. Nothing definite, .however, was decided on the matter. During the. afternoon Mr. it. J, F. Crawford said he had made extensive enquiries with reference .to the ■ reported vine, disease, and he -had come to. the conclusion that the drought-fbUowmg the tang- continued rain had so . hardened the ground , as to stop the circulation of. the. sap, causing the-leaves • and the fruit to .falL :off. He held this -opinion because he ascertained that after a shower , of raih'the plants revived. Mr! E. Smith "had seen ,the disease" in hard and soft: soils,; arid ,he, felt convinced that the disease was caused by saline matter br-'magnesia,~which was washed down per haps by a shower of rairvand led the vines to revive. He did not think the idea of Mr. Crawford was feasible,, as they'well knew the vine would .break the hardest soiL Mr. Crawford thought at, any rate it was satisfactory to know that the dis ease-was not natural to. the climate, but simply the'result of some local influences. The meeting then dosed- „ , West Adelaide Chbishan Temperance Association.—An inaugural soiree in connection with the-formation of the West Adelaide Christian Temperance Association was held in the United Presbyterian.Church, Gouger-street, on,Tuesday, evening, April 5. At lialf-pastfi o'clock nearly 100' ■ persons partook of tea, and at 8 o'clock the Rev. James LyaiL, President of the Association, took the chair, and a public lecture was delivered by the Rev. J. Watsford. In a few introductory remarks the Chairman explained the objects of the Society. He stated. that about: six months ago a, meeting was held for<the establishment of the-As sociation. They had now as many.as 108 members on the hooks, and he trusted that they would in a short time , have a great many more. In conse quence of a variety of circumstances the inaugural soiree had been postponed till the present date; but it was now their intention to hold monthly meetings for the purpose of. carrying out the. objects of the Society. The Chairman' after having,, spoken uppn the evil;effects of I intemperance, and expounded the principles of ! total abstinence, introduced the Rev. John' I Watsford, who ^ delivered his interesting lecture on "Edgar Alien Poe and.his Works.". In a masterly manner the rev. lecturer dwelt upon the character of Edgar Allen Poe, and reminded them of the pernicious effects of intemperance as shown in the boyhood of Poe, exhorting them to avoid all amusements -which tended to. ambling. In concluding the first part of-his-discourse, the rev. gentleman pointed to -the one redeeming feature in the character of Edgar Allen Poe—his fidelity to his wife.. The-works of the poet formed. the subject of the second part of the lecture.' As to the powers ofJPoe as a poet he was unri-: valled in rhythm and metre, and his originality of; conception was extraordinary. Several -of his poems were read by the rev. gentleman, who, "after having given an account of ;fche circum stances • which led Poe to write-the " Raven," , ably recited it to the meeting who evinced the greatest attention throughout its' delivery, arid at its close . greeted J the rev. ~ gentleman' with a hearty burst of applause, in conclusion, the rev. lecturer strongly commended the study of Edgar Allen Poe to those present. -. During the evening the choir sung some appropriate pieces of niusig which were well received:. Votes of thanks to the lecturer, the choir, and the Chairman ter minated the proceedings, when several persons - availed themselves of the opportunity afforded of - becoming total abstainers and members of the < Association. Tablet to the Late Rev. T. Q. Stow.—We i had on Tuesday the opportunity of inspecting at: the workshop of Mr. Kellet, of Waymouth-street, - a neatly- finished tablet,, which it .is intended to ; erect in the North ~ Adelaide < Congregational Church to the:memory <of ,the-late Rev. T. _Q. j Stow. It is of Macclesfield marble, is - einbel-< lished with' base and cornice mouldings, and is richly variegated'with veins. Its width is 3 feet 2 inches by a depth :of ,2 feet 9 inches. The panel bears the,following inscription:—"In.memoriam,; Thomas Quinton Stow, died July 19, 18(2, aged 61 years." The tablet rests upon a background of Willunga slate, the surface of which is beautifully polished in imitation of black marble. As a .work of "ait it ip. highly creditable to -Mr. j-Cellet, and its elegant; and unpretending appearance as a memento of departed worth will no doubt render it ah object of admiration. - ■ Pobt Adelaide Weslsvan SundavSchoois. —The twelfth anniversary of -the Port Adelaide Wesley an Sunday-Schools was celebrated on Sun day-and Monday, April 3. and i. On Sunday special, sermons were preached by the - Rev,, J. '.Cope, .'and in the. afternoon .the-children recited several pieces of poetry and prose in a manner alike creditable to themselves and their teachera. On Monday the children, accompanied by their teachers, proceeded in process! bnround the Port mid across the river to. the section adj oining the residence of theBon. ^. Hart, where they in dulged in various sports and-were regaled with .! cakes and fruit... On returningko the Port tea -was j provided for them in the schoolroom, after which ! tea and public meetings were held, at both of j which large numbers were present. Mr. T. Robin:! presided at the public .meeting,- and ■ addresses ! were delivered by the Revs. J.Cope, N. Bennett, I and T. Smellie, arid Messrs.. Folland, Wright, Ottaway, Diveral, and Butler.. The report, which was very eneouraging.-^stated ihat anincreaseof .20 scholars had. been made during the year. The number was 188, who were presided over: by two: superintendents,, .19 teachers, and one!secretary. Masters .Ottaway . and Samnel, .delivered a ' dialogue on "Cowardice and. Courage," "and were highly applauded. Votes of thanks were accorded to lie ladies, the ministers, and to Mr. Bennett, who presided at the. harmonium, and to Mr. WiOsmore, under whose tuition the children had been taught to sing. Several hymns were sung during the evening, and .'the proceedings termi nated with prayer. ' - Gawier.—The Wesleyans of Gawler celebrated their anniversary by religious: services on Sunday, the 3rd instant, when sermonB were preached by the: Rev. J. Watsford,. and on Monday by a tea and public meeting, at the latter of which ad dresses were delivered by. the,. Rev. Messrs.' Watsford, Flockart, Gordon, EaU. and others. A.-| courseof scientific lectures are. being delivered fa■] connection with the Wesleyan body, which de servedly attract considerable attention in Gander. ' The services in connection with the Opening of .the new St. George's .'Church were continned on, Sunday, 3rd instant, when ithe Venerable Arch deacon preached'-in the morning and in the; evening. The collections at the opening, services amounted to about £300, which is a handsome item to go towards reducing the debt on the church. The townsfolk are" on the gui.vive in an ticipation of a grand review-of volunteers on, Friday-nest. The 'Oddfellows and Foresters .are -wisely uniting, their forces. to celebrate, by a monster picnic, their j pint , anniversaries— a .far . more genial , and . general mode of enjoyment than the old' anniversary dinners, at which men only were present Wheat comes in slowly, hut steadily, and the market remains .firm. The weather, which had been for several days: oppressively close, changed for the better after the copious showers of Wednesday. This timely rain fall will enable the farmers to proceed with their i ploughing. The Gawler Corporation, greatly to their credit.are making arrangements to carry off the storm-waters .[of winter, and other equaily desirable improvem/snts; and the townspeople in many cases are also improving the footpaths op posite their business premises. Our own corre spondent Oites the conclusive fact that there are but three vacant shops, two of which have been but recently built, as a proof of the prosperity of Gawl?rr Central Bo ad Boabd.—A meeting of kthe ■ Central Boad Board was-held on Tuesday^ -A^brll 5\. All the Commissioners'-and Superintending Surveyors and three District Chairmen were pre j sent. Mr. Hardy in his report called attention to the precarious state of the Company's Mill Bridge through the ravages of white ants, and was directed immediately to stop the traffic, and adopt measures for remedying the damage to the erec tion, The vcxala qiuvstio of the water reserve at Teatree Gully was again ImJught forward, Mr. Dickerson being present to state his views. A resolution on the subject was carried,, but the majority of the members refrained from voting, tacitly showing theiropinion that any further action in the matter should be left entirely to theGovern- ; ment, without the interference of the Board at alL At Hie request of the Crown Lands Office, the Surveyor was directed to furnish an estimate of the cost of widening the Port Bridge-sa work recommended by the Marine Board. A commu nication was received from the Government an nouncing that it was intended, to introduce a new Boad Bill into Parliament; and asking the Board to suggest additions and alterations to the present schedule of main lines. Consideration was post poned until next meeting. Mr. Ashwin forwarded the description of a proposed crossing at Thom son's, together .with an! estimate of the probable cost. ■ Copies of the .documents were! ordered to be furnished to the Commissioner of Public Works.; Mr. McEwin directedattention.to a letter appearing in one of the public papers (the author of which,, although writing-under ,a; pseudonym, intimated'his; willingness to give np his real name) reflect in gem the official conduct of Mr. Macaulay. A smart discussion ensued, the general opinion of the Board being that they could take no notice of anonymoas letters addressed to the Press, and that any charge against their officers should be sent straight to them, authen ticated by the' name of the ' accuser.. The JKondoparinga District Council ~ again • strongly "urged upon the Board the grounds-of their opposi tion to the payment of any amount as compensa tion for land taken for the purposes of the new road through- Mr. Dashwood's sections, inasmuch as he had assumed possession pf an old road.- Mr. Carr attended to:support the objection, and was informed that the matter was in the hands of the Board's Solicitor. A letter from the Commissioner of Public Works'. Office informed the Board that the Government were unable to . comply with the application for a grant, of El,500 for the road be tween the Square Waterhole and Port Elliot, hot having funds available for. the purpose. A great many other matters of local interest were gone I into, and the large amount of business before the ] Board prolonged their sitting until close on 2 o'clock. There were a good many tenders, dealt with, and among- others those sent 'in for the supply of seven iron .rollers, the successful party .being Messrs. Horwood & Son. During the course of the proceedings it was announced that there ~ were 100. tenders now current, and a strong opinion "1 seemed to prevail that it would be inexpedient to let any more at present. Friendly Excursion—A correspondent sends us the following:—" One of those "pleasure events which in a great measure fend to cement that good feeling which should exist between the employers j and employed-took place on Saturday afternoon.. Mr. David Gall specially engaged an omnibus , to I convey the whole of-the persons in his establish ment to his residence at Brighton. A few_ games were improvised, refreshments furnished, 'and the complimentary toasts to Mr. Gall and his manager (Mr. Sheridan) were duly given and i responded to. After partaking of the cup which, cheers but not inebriates, the party returned home in the evening, satisfied with having spent a happy j day.". Primitive Methodism.—A new periodical, has I been.issued in Sydney under the title of the j primitive Methodist Messenger. It is stated; to contain a considerable amount of information as | to the aflairs of that denomination, and is to be published quarterly. The Acclimatization Society of Victoria. .—The Argus of March 31 says :^r" This Society met for a conversazione -last evening, at the Mechanics' Institute, but the attendance was not very numerous. The President of the Society, Mr. E. Wilson, occupied the chair; and during the evening no less than four subjects were discussed, Mr. L. W. Lyall's paper on the" Balance of Life among Wild Animals' "being postponed in con- i sequence of that gentleman's absence. The first paper was read by Mr. A- J. Duffield,. on the 'Cultivation of Peruvian Cotton,' hy which shrub he meant a splendid tree 20 feet high, and with branches sixfeet thick, quite different from the cotton plant, hut which yielded a splendid and abundant staple. This tree, he believed, could be introduced to Victoria. Iu the discussion which ensued, Dr. Mueller exhibited a number of speci-. mens of cotton plants, particularly the Egyptian and Algerian varieties, which had been grown in Victoria, and which it wa$thought by some of the gentlemen present could be well grown in the rainless regions watered by the Murray. 'Mr. Martelli was the next speaker;-and his remarks,' (which were very' imperfectly heard) were, jn description and praise of the white mulberry-ra specimen plant of which tree, with fine leaves, only two weeks old, he exhibited. On 1,700 lbs. of these. leaves he said 61 ozs. of silkworm eggs' could be reared. The subject which next occupied attention was the freshwater herring of the Yarra. One of these. was shown j by . Mr. H. E. Watts, who - expressed the' interest that was sure to be taken in the fact that, pending the experiments in the acclimatization of fish and the introduction of salmon to Australia, it was well known that tlie' said herring was a variety of salmon-trout, thus affording an instance of one member of the salmon family being comfortably provided for in our • rivers. ProfessorM'Coy coincided witbihis; and, after some distinctions had been drawnibetween the grayling, the freshwater, .herring; and -thfe' salmon-trout, and Professor M-Goy had explained that he had ficst believed bream to "be young snapper, till,'' .acting, on Mr- Watts's opinion, he had enquired, further/and found it was a distinct variety,-the subject of-remark was. changed to deep-sea fishing. Upon this theme Mr. Stutzei-1 discoursed somewhat briefly, the gist'of his sug;- : gestious being; that'the oyster-beds on .our coast i should be carefully cultivated;'while, without the ; use of . the trawl, we should never have known the ' piscine riches of our bay. A vote of thanks was passed to the gentlemen who had read papers, and the proceedings ended,'' ■ New Zealand Reobuits.—The New Zealdnder of the 17th ult. has the following:—"Yesterday, a non-commissioned officer of one of the Waikato regiments, in charge of a small party proceeding to | the front, having occasion to go a short distance from the line-of. march,' found on his return that his 'fine young men,' forgetful alike oi esprit de corps and the charms of fifty acres and a town j section in the garden of New Zealand, had per formed the rather questionable feat of laying down . their arms, and taking to their heels. The'hapless I ' nom-com.,' meetrng some travellers on their way ] ..down, desired them to report at' the first redoubt | -that he-had been 'leftall alone in his glory.'" Steamers fob New Zealand.—The .Govern- | ment of New Zealand -have purchased the steamers ' Shirt and Prince Alfred for £6,000 and £4,000 re-1 Spectively.i : They are., to be -^employed oh the Waikato: i - It is understood that orders for further purchases of small steamers have been sent to the ' -Australian Colonies. 1 ' . . .Statue" of Shakspeabe. — The Melbourne Garrick Club have determined to give a perfor mance on Friday, the 22nd instant, at the Theatre ! 'Royal, in aid of the Shakspeare Statue Fund. | Due Trade'with Victoria.—In the statistical i returns of Victoria tor . the year 1862 it appears ' that our exports to that colony, were in value j £424,9Q2,and that our imports from Victoria were ] in value £168,273. - ; . Longevity in New Zealand.—The Melbourne \Berald Bays"Instances of longevity are' met with in New Zealand amongst the Datives.that cariTi one baek to the patriarchal days when 'a life -of 300 years-was a short span. Vigorous middle aged looking men havefought uswhocan speak of days long before the abolition of cannibalism, and .who, from their reckoning, must now be over 100 'years ef age,-and stilLapparently likely to last for many years. It speaks for the climate -that a native reared in it should-be able to survive five bullet wounds, all in fatal places, for more than a month, and that another with a bullet actually through his liver, besides six others in different places, should have strength to walk .four miles and afterwards show indications of recovery." ! Accident.—On Saturday evening, April % an accident occurred to a lad named Henry Whitbread 'Itt appears that he was crossing Morphett-street, near Light- square, when he was knocked down by •the shaft of a cart coming into contact with'him, and the wheel passed over his legs, fortunately, however,' he sustained no injury beyond a few bruises. - Episcopalian.—Letters patent have been re ceived in New South "Wales from Her Majesty, Creating d new Bishopric in Goulburn, appointing jthe Bev. M. Thomas the first Bishop, and creating .Ooulbure into a city. \- Pbiendlt Societies in Victoria.—There were in Victoria inlS62—Oddfellows' Lodges 70, cob* gaining6,630members; Foresters' Courts 36, con" ..taming3,525 m^nbets.,.TJie former had 719 mem jbers sick for an aggregate of ,25,705. days, and .the latter 284membprsf or 9,974.days. The assets of the former were £40,335, and their liabilities £328; and of the latter £7,362 and £111 respectively. There areother Benefit Associations in Victoria, but these mentioned are the principal. Sporting;—We are informed that the race -between Mr. L. Barnard's Nqn and Mr. Jewell's Bushman for £50 aside is oS^ Nun's owner having paid £5 forfeit. . The Jockey Club Meeting.—Subjoined are the names of horses for which second payments have been made for the Adelaide Cup, as declared at the Globe Inn on Monday:— . H. Fisher's c.f. Chrysolite, 3 yrs.' ..... TL. Fisher's bric. Lanterri; 2 yrs. .T. B. Lowe's br.h- Ebor, 5 yrs. A. Dowiing's e.g. Falcon, aged! '" * A. Dowiing's br.cl Roebuck, 2 yrs. J. Wilson's b.ni. Musidora, 4 yrs. J. Harper'sb.h. Barwon, 4 yrs. ; ' -J. Harper's; b:h, Banker, 3-yrs. J: Gilbert's c-m.-'Gnderella, 4 yrs. ■ J. Gilbert's br.f Lubra, 3 yrs. J. Baker's b.f. Levity, 4 yrs. J. W. Gleeson's b.g Cupbearer, 4 vrs. JE,M, Sago|'s?9.g. fge3, ., City Council.—A considerable amount of business was transacted by the City Council on Monday, particulars of which will be found else where. The dispute between the Council and the Stone-Crashing f!ompany_was. referred to arbitra-. tion. The draft of a new By-law to protect scavengers and contractors from being interfered' with was read, and ordered |to stand over till the next meeting. A draft memorial to the iegisla- - ture, praying that the members of the City Council be appointed Commissioners of .Waterworks, was ' also read, and its consideration adjourned. On j a discussion respecting pleuro-pneumonia, Mr. Winter stated that seven out of ten of every head | of cattle and sheep slaughtered for food were I more or less diseased,, though not affected with j pleuro- pneumonia, nor with any other malady which would render the flesh injurious to health. ] It was resolved to advertise for a Valuator and Assessor, with the understanding that the present incumbent would be eligible for reappointment. The Soldiers' Families' Belief Fond.—The usual monthly meeting of the Committee having the management of the above fund was held at the Armoury Offices on Monday last, when the past month's receipts and expenditure were audited, and provision made for the ensuing month. It was reported to the Committee that one of the j soldiers, whose wife has been hitherto receiving rations frgm the fund, had served his time in. the■ army and returned to his family. This iation was consequently not further .required. On the other hand, it appeals that with the increased -price of breadstuff's and other articles; the amount ofiweekly subsidy to the soldier?' families would scarcely be diminished by the number of diminished rations. The total amount of subscriptions, &c.;, from all sources, is £336 2s. 3d.; expenditure to date, £88 Is. 6d»—balance on hand," £248 0s.. 9d.. Of the balance unexpended the Committee affirme^the expediency of allowing £200 to. remain at.interest in the Bank for three months. The Hon. Secretary reported having acknowledged the handsome donation of £21 2s. from the Lancashire Bell ringers and Miss Chalker, after which the. Com mittee adjourned to the first Monday in May. New Mtct-rit, Discovery.—An ingot, weighing 24 lbs. 13 ozs., was submitted'to our inspection on Saturday, and on Monday we were favoured with an opportunity of inspecting the rich and remark able ore from which -the metal was produced.. It is described as cupreous bismuth ore, yielding 39 per cent, of copper and 45 per cent. - of bismuth, which may be separated without difficulty. As to the process of separation, bismuth fuses at a degree of heat so much below what is necessary fur the fusion of copper that the operation is compara tively easy. The locality of this, new and highly important discovery has not yet , been publicly announced, and we do not feel at liberty to name the gentlemen presumed to bp chiefly interested. Melancholy Incidents.—In our miscellaneous shipping intelligence we give some particulars of | the voyage of the Mary E. Bay, from, London. ;In the outset this vessel met with very unfavourable weather, and on the 26th December ; the captain's | wife died.' Afterwards" a man named Godfrey Tee l was lost overboard."' - The poor fellow held on by a j line until utterly exhausted. The vessel was going at the rate of 10 "knots an hour before the 1 wuM, and the sea was running;high thatFa boat could not live in it, -so there was no chance to save ! the man. Biverton.—The letter of our own correspondent at Biverton gives a painful account of a boisterous meeting at which it appeared, the -majority, although agreed that the roads were abominably I bad and'must become worse in winter, would neither have a District Council to improve them systematically nor subscribe, a sum for their tem porary repair. Seaily the. people of Biverton ought to mend their ways. . Admkm.a Belief and Reward Fond.—It is known that a balance bad been kept in hand by the Committee of the Admella Belief and Reward Fund to meet the possibility of some case being brought under their notice-entitled to relief. Bo suchcase having turned up, the balance, £69 9s. lOd. has been finally apportioned as follows:—Certain amounts had been invested for the benefit of five widows and their families, and the balance has been distributed amongst them in relative -propor tion to the original amounts invested , in their behalf. After full consideration, this was con-' sidered the most equitable manner "of carrying out the intentions of the subscribers. ' Government Regulations.—It is probable an invc stigation will be made, into the conduct, of one of the pilots who broke through the PortRegula tions by running a vessel into harbour without being boarded by the authorities from theCustom House, Post-Uifice, and Sanitary Departments. It is to be regretted that the rules of the Port arehot stringently observed by those- personswhose position should require them to support.tlbyem meat officers in the execution of their duty,-rather than show opposition to them. . j The Brig Freak.—In our shipping column will be found a letter from Mr. Alexander Christie, of Cape Jervis, containing fuller particulars than bhd previously reached us of -the grounding of the brig Freak, and .'of her having got off and proceeded upon her-voyage.- -- "" " ' Address to Me. J. Cherry.—We have Seen! a very handsomely engrossed address "arid massive fancy wood and gilt frame imhe atelier of Mr., Culley,. Flinders-street, which is intended .fpr presentation to Mr. Cherry, recently promoted from he Railway to the office of Official Assignee: The address has been engrossed- in his b&st; style, by Mr. J. B. Culley, and is as follows:—" To John Cherry,'Esq., Accountant Supervisor, South Aus tralian Railway. Dear Sk—We the undersigned, employes on the South Australian Railway, beg leave to express our regret at your leavirig fhe' department in which you have beehio.longeri gaged, andthe duties of which you have discharged . with so much credit; to yourself and advantage io' the public. We also cordially thank yorifor the great kindness-and consideration yon ha veal ways manifested towards us," 'however humble our re spective occupations bate been; and we have _np doubt that in the honoiriable.position-you have been , called to occupy yon.will contiriueto com-. mand the confidence-arid respect ofyourfellow -colonists; and be'assured that whereverbythe Providence: of God 'your fiitiire lot may be cash you will always have bur sincere good wishes and: affectionate regards." r. Benevolent and Strangers' FRiENbSbciErr. —We are informed at a meeting of the Committee ' of the Benevolent and Strangers'. Friend Society, held at" the Church Office on Xuetilay}aftemoon, an additional subscription of one guinea from Mr; John Coiton was announced! The Treasurer stated that he had durihg'the past mpnth j honoured the orders of four members^ of- the Coririnittee for 10s.; each, "Two members pf,-the 'Committee were' authorized, todraw on-the ; Treasurer for an amount required in a call re-: commended by Mr. N. S;' Quiekt'if'bn engtfir they, found the. object .worthy.: Each memfer of ; the Committee was authorized to draw on. the Treasurer for 10s. during trie-current month. > tmCompany's Mill "Bridge.—The central | Boad Board has issued a noticethat the Company's Mill Bridge will be closed agaipstutraffic on and J afterthe 6thinstaiit,during.repairer V' Mr. D.G. DAi,T.r-The Melbourne Herald says: —" In the -list of resignations published in the New Zealand -Gazette; the following occurs:— 'Lieutenant Dominick Daly, Auckland Militia' We believe this gentleman is the son of tfle Governor of South Australia.' The Bellringers.—The Lancashire Bellringers paid a second visit to the Port on Monday 'evening, when they performed in the Theatre, which was crowded iri every part. Every piece was^ iasusuah loudly applauded, and shriilar compliments-were paid to Mias Chalker; who sang several songs -doling the evening. ■ ■ The Jockey Clob Meeting. ^-Between 20 and 30 persons, desirous of obtaining sites, for booths sit the forthcoming races and catering. for the Grand Stand, attended at the Globelnn on' Tues day, April 5, when they were offered by-auction, Mr. L. Barnard. officiating as auctioneer. -The catering for. the Grandstand was-first, offered at the upset price , of £60/ . There were no bidders, and the offer was therefore withdrawn, but after the conclusion of the sale the GrandStandwas let by private arrangement-to Mr. G.Altiridge. The bidding for the sites of the booths was spirited, arid they sold ;as followsNo. 1, Mrs, Ryan, CSty Bridge Hotel. £13 10s.; /No. 2, Mc. T. Jaques, Black Lion Hotel, Hindmarsh, £12; No.3, Mr G-. Rogers, Clarendon Hotel, .£12; No. 4, Mr.'. J, Schirmer, Tivoli Hotel; £10 10s.; No. 5, Mr. C. Hepworth, Forresters' and Squatters' Anns, The bartpn, ill; and No, & Mr. W. Raven,. iWhite Conduit House, £8 10s. The sir booths therefore realized a total sum of £67 10s., being an average of £115s. per booth. It was stated that , every protection possible would lie given: to those who had bought sites for booths, and no other booths would be allowed ontlieground. The" Secretary Btatedthathe would mark the sites 'out on the following morning. We are given' to understand that the horses from Melbourne which are entered for the forthcoming events are beginning to arrive, two having come round by the Benola oh Tuesday. ~ Amateur Theatricals ■ at1 Robe.—A corre spondent sends us the following:—" OhThursday night lash' 31st March, some .gentlemen, assisted by the celebrated and talented Mr. Hail, gave . a very amusing performance at the Robe Hotel. :The large room had /been- turned into a most eleganttemple of Thespis, and "the t ever-ready Mr.Hall had painted some striking and romantic scenery for the occasion. The prologue written for. .this .performance was very, fluently spoken by an amateur. - After craving the indulgence of the audience it concluded, with a just tribute to the merits of the professional. through whose exer. Hons the entertainment had been got up, and who, 'if he stayed much longer; would in aire regular Halls of his amateur friends.- - The pieces iGneh followed were "The "Wife's .Wager Won,* 'Box 'and Cox.' and a dialogue entertainment, in which Mr. Hall took- the principal rpart. The acting reflected credit on allconcerned, and excited shouts of laughter from a crowded house. -At the end of the performance Mr. : Hall intimated that it would he repeated the following night, being the "evening of All Fools'Day." \\. SMTTHnELD FARMERS'. Club.— Mr. John Alexander delivered, an .excellent lecture before the •Smithfieid FannerS' <3ubon;Friday. -April 1. It is written with much vigour and candour, and we publish it in full to-day. We doubt not it will he read with interest, especially by the agricul fmi portion of tb; community, Lectdee at the Institute.—The usual fort • nightly lecture at the Institute, forming the second of the autumn series, was delivered on Friday evening by the Eev. J. Gardner, his subject being."Earth's.Buried Cities.". There was a good attendance, and thechair was taken by hfr. A. Stow, M.P. The rev. gentleman-was listened to with the most marked attention whiledwelling upon the fate of the cities of the dead and the marvellous reve lations which the researches of modern days had made.- At the close of the lecture Mr. -Gardner was loudly cheered, and a vote of thanks to him was moved by Mr. Phillips, who paid a 'warm tribute to the manner in which the subject had been handled. Mr. C. H. Goode seconded, re marking that the lecture was fraught with unusual interest to him, as he had visited Herculaneum and Pompeii within the last two years, and was able to follow the lifelike account given. The motion having been carried, with acclamation, the Bev. Mr. Gardner returned thanks. The testimony of Mr. Goode, an eye-witness of the scenes he had alluded to, had given him.muehpleasure.and hehad also been, greatly gratified at the attention which | the audience bad manifested. He'might state that I before commencing to write his lecture he had en deavoured to make himself as well acquainted with i the streets of the buried cities'as. he wap with the streets of Adelaide.' (Applause.) The,dext lecture having been announced the meeting closed. Battalion Brill.—The usual battahbn drill was held -at -5 o'clock on Wednesday'afternoon. There were, inclusive'of officers and'hand, not more than 50 volunteers present; 'representing the Adelaide and the First Adelaide' Riflea; who were commanded by their respective Captains, r-Jiieut. Colonel Mayo, assisted by Dnll-Instnictor Slater; put the battalion through a variety of movements, and concluded theMirill withbayonet exercise. Before the companies were dismissed the; lieu tenant-Colonel expressed his -regret at seeing so few volunteers present. • „ Telegraphic Extension.—The following mes sages which passed between HahndprfAQd Ade laide on Wednesday afternoon inifciffirl a further extension of telegraphic communication :-r" To Messrs. MQne and Townseud, ' JLP.'g^jOn behalf of the inhabitants of Hahndorf, we have the pleasure of informing yon that telegraphic com munication is this day opened with all pkrts of this and the neighbouring colonics, arid beg to express to yourself and colleague our acknowledg ments and thanks for the great interest yOu-have taken in obtaining for us this great accommoda tion, which we trust will tedd'further to advance the interest of this thriving township Undneigh bourhood.—F. K. Hunt, A. voh JJorussa, E. J. Bohneru ' God Save the "> Queen.' '"—From Messrs. Milne and Townsend.—" We are are much gratified to find that your important township has obtained the benefit of telegraphic communication; and trust it will tend not only to its advancement i but also to the general interests of the colony.- We are pleased in having aided you inbringing abont so desirable a result. ' God Save the Queen.'" Pjumthte Methodism. —A eoj-respondent-Eays: —" Easter Sunday and Monday pf 1661 . will, long be remembered by the inhabitants of the Head of the Light as a great day in their history. It being the time,appointed for the opening of ,a Primitive i Chapel at that place, the event was looked forward to 'with great expectation pndno little fwivipty On the Sunday before- mentioned the serviceswere conducted, morning and evening, by the Bey. H. Cole, of Kooringa; and that in the afternoon, by the Eev. J. Tallack, circuit minister. The services were well attended, and liberal collections^inade. On the Monday a monster' tea' meetingVas* held in the chapel early in the afternoon.- Conveyances of,all kinds were to be Seen "wendingtheirwa towards this the great point of-attractiohfram al points of the compass. 'The provision was hf the best kind, .and placed on the tables'in: the most abundant manner. After the - chapel. bad -been filled four times with eager and cheerful-yishants, temporal dainties gave for a more:rich and substantial feast—the public meeting. Mr. J. Brown, one of the trustees, was voted to theehair, and in the course of the service.called on Mr.-J. Tallack to read the report, which was a Ygry.satiE factoryone. The house was shown torhave cost about £250, towards which £126 had been given in labour and money. Subsequently Messrs. piley, Miller, Kmsey, Wiltshire, and Cole addreBsed the crowded congregation, who seemed highly .pleased with the proceedings, especially with the* great success that had crowned the whole. We may say the workmanship has done the contractor,;WV H. Tallack, of-Angaston, great credit, tb'Vhomirere given the wannest thmifca of the meeting;iand also to Mr. J. Tallack, for drawing the plan, and specification, and overlooking the worfcin addition to his ministerial duties.' We have oo hesitation in saying it is one of the prettiest andLret country chapels we have seen inthe colony." . , "An Old,Acquamtajspe Tubns dp."—Under • this head the Mellwurne Age gives the following notice of a celebritywhoior a short time honoured Adelaide with his presence, and whp wqnld, were it not for the Chief Justice, then Attorney^eneral, have been appointed a Special Ma^ate by Sir Eiehard MacDonnefo The bfofoaphicfoskefoh, it willbeseen, isprCfixed to a report .edpied from the Times, of which we' give an exti^:fr"^Che notorious EdwardJ Bathirrst bas made hls appear ance in'the appears to have been thrning hls pecuHar .tarehiB tt»)?ood account, but has at-lehgth got himself involved in the meshes of the law; This' individual • will be well remembered as a hanger- on ^abdut.the' Mel ■boume law courts for a considerable Ihne, pur suing the most disreputable >praetices.'->£Hfi"ifos in the habit of representing himself' as a -lawagenti and .made yictimsiof those who-were credulous enough to trust their business to his care.-,'-He carried on his' malpractices tosuch an extentthat he was at last con victed pf obtaining money hhder false'pretences, and was sqnS to JPpnbjdge,^ of which place -he-had-ppevietBly~feeen an inmate.. Bathurst ^understood to be. highly connected. In 1851 he wvas cngaged as *Her JMajesty's Yice Conspl for Denmark a£ Copenhagen; he wmi-after waids Vice-Consul' for Jamaica,' ana after that Vice-Consul for' Hayft, being' stationed';fo 'Cape Haythan;and" was subBequehtiyfieaideht atlmng House; Ne w Voik.:' He came to Bouth Aufltiitia, where he was convictedbf bbtofmngfeoneyifhSer •false pretences, in AtimOar mannepfothfrpresfent case, and sentenced by the Supreme feonrt'of Ade laide .to: three years' imprisonmentf-therefcaving been two previous ronvictions ragmnsthimnf two years each. - After serving that.term.of imprison ment, he.appeara toibave come io Victoria.^ How he has been ^employed after leaving thecoloDy, and since his arrival in. England^ the-following, which we extract from theTimes -of jthe.SlBt January, will tell:—* Middlesex.. Sesapns,-,,20th Janufoy. - (Before the Assistant Judgej: -Edward Bathurst, 40; described iii the calendar as gejntle nian, false pretences'from Paiif^ere-Jhe soup ol£10, the moneys of Wfoiarn Ctooper, with miept.'to defraudi There were other mdictmentB': against him, charginghiin irifofraudtdenHyb*hftamihg by false pretences Ihe-'suhK Of. £25 fold from one John Stephen Veret, the sum of jClOji'foid from George Chettebthe Rinr of' £10, all | with intent to defraud.*" The prisoner was/found guilty. Sentence deferred. -■ < .■!:.eob-yr.- po-, Equivocal Entektainment.—On Wedh^foy ■ evenings con&rt; and lecture on*'Slavery, vSdtb illustrations descriptive of slave life in the Southern . States,'' was announcedhy. placards, to beforenby • Mr. F. Jones, at the Temperance Hall,: North Adelaide. An attractive, though. somevhavAm. biguous programme drew .togetherabout 70iar:80 persons, anxious, it may be.presumed, .to |ncre«se their knowledge of the.character and hahits,of: the American stave popufotion., At the apppinted hour they were favoured with something intended probably for a.nfcgro melody. perfdnned by a fifth - class manipulfoorohthe concertina. The veritable Mr. F. Jones—a tall, lank, impudent-loblring, expectorating■ man' of ; colour — then bounded from' behind' a dirty :screen upon' the . plat form, draped in stage - costujfie,'flourishIng a but whip, and grinninggrimly' at the aatoiiiihed audience. Hislecture, bo ctdled, (insisted'of a string ofpointless'anecdotes/relatedin astyle 'of viilgaiitythat would have disgraced h pot-house. The audience, finding that ' they had been'hoaxed, endured the infliction as -long- astheir patience permitted, and at length indicated their disappro bation so unmistakably -that-,the scamp, was giad to take refuge behind his dirty screen. .We-should not have noticed this disgracefal aflair at aUhut for the purpose ofwarning the public against the miserable impostor. Wehave not heaidfh^t ijie received anything in the shape of a cold bath after leaving the Hall.but we saw that the ^police were on the alert as if anticipating something of the kind. It is but due to the trusteesJo state that they declared they would not have' let!, tire Hall to Jones upon any consideration bad they suspected bim to be the scamp he evidently .is- V Rvleigh. — A correspondent. Informs us that " the anniversary services of the Primitive Methodist Chapel at this place were held on April* 3 and 4. On Sunday three sermons were preached by the Eev. J. T. Pithouse, of Wtitangan tinthe ladi^ufth their usual ta°te. A pub?ic^eetmg - followed, when Mr. Jacob Holding was called to the chair; and Mr; Hi. Waters- read a very favour able report. The meeting was.: addressed) hy Mr. W- Golding and the Rev. Messrs. . J. T. and A Pithouse. The latter gentleman, with milch affection, urged the'members' ana friends to he united. He said he was about to leave them:for another station, and he- prayed that -Hod would bless their Church, and hoped .the members would pray with, and for his successor. After a vote-of thanks to the Rev- A. Pithouse for his energetic and appreciated -preaching, and to the ladies- for their kind provision, the pleasures of the day were brought to a close," ... r Baptist Chapel, .. Salt Cheek. ^-The following has been supplied l>y;a correspondents— " On Good Friday a social tea meeting was held in the Baptist Cbapek Salt Greek, South Rhine, the proceeds of which are-to be. applied towards tire erection of a more- substantial, and' commodious place of worship. The attendance was such .asto encourage the Trustees to g<x forward lh their work. In the evening appropriate addresseawere ' -delivered by Messrs. Baker. Jjyall (of Adelaide), Hague (of Angaston), and others. -The; appeal made was liberally responded , tot the proceeds amounting to upwards of £13, since which liberal contributions have been made, and the ladi^t'bM commencing in earnest to worir for a -bazaar." • r v. 35? Printed add published every Friday andSatuidsy morning by Williah Kyffin Thomas, at the office of the Adelaide Observer, Grenfell-street, Adelaide, South Australia, where &dvertisemttt;$| - 