ADELAIDE : WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1864. THE LOSS SUSTAINED by the destruction of so much, property on Mr. Datton's run, again awakens fears with regard to bush fires, and ought to induce extra exertions with a view to reduce to a minimiim the chances of such dire visitations. The luxuriance of the feed this season justifies the gravest apprehensions as to the extent of damage that may be occasioned by bush fires, and ought to prompt the most vigor ous preventive measures. We do not know whether all the District Councils in the colony have put info operation the powers with which they are invested in this respect; but if any have so far delayed to publish the necessary public notices, it is to be hoped they will not suffer another week to be lost. We admit that fires will take place, despite the utmost vigilance and the most stringent precautions; but if by dili gent effort the number of bush fires can be re duced, that of itself will abundantly repay all exertions, even supposing occasional fires take place notwithstanding. On the old and often proclaimed dangers arising from carelessly lighting or leaving camp firea, from incautiously lighting or knocking out the live ashes of pipes, and from allowing children end others to play with lucifer matches, we shall now only repeat that as danger from these sources of fire is this season redoubled, so should the watchfulness of the authorities and the care of parents and employers be increased. But the fire at Mr. Dutton's appears to be traceable to a different origin. The feed on that fine run has been destroyed—not by the camp fire of travellers, not by the carelessness of some tramping smoker—not by the thoughtlessness of children playing with fire. The conflagration originated, bo it is Baid, in a shepherd's hut, and whilst the man was. engaged in the necessary occupation of baking a "damper." It is possible we may hear more on this point, but presuming on the accuracy of the Kapunda advices, it may be allowed us to express regret, if not surprise, that the ordinary precautions taken in. lighting a camp-fire, namely, of clear ing a sufficient space around, are not taken in connection with shepherds' huts. A shepherd's hut cannot be expected to be always fire proof, but it ought always to be spark-proof; it ought always to have a fireproof chimney; it ought never to have a combustible roof; and a sufficient space ought invariably to be cleared around it to prevent the ignition of tine grass, in case of the accidental firing of the hut. It is perfectly useless for the Legislature to pass stringent laws for the preservation of squatters' runs against accidental fire on the part of travellers and camping parties, if the huts themselves are erected without any reference to their security against the same class of casualties which the Legislature, the Press, and the public are so watchful against elsewhere. Of course after a man's property is burnt, as Mr. Dutton's is, it would be very ill-timed to dwell too pointedly on the question now mooted. But as the burning of a hut by a shepherd may prove as disastrous to the public interests as the careless lighting of a camp fire, we think it but reasonable that sheepfarmers and stock holders should cause an occasional inspection to be made of their huts and the land imme diately adjacent, so as to secure as completely as possible against those dreaded public calami ties—bush-fires. 1 Should the Great Eastebn go to Melbourne it will be a much better "draw" than the Keans, or than the All England Eleven. We do not say it will attract greater crowds of Melbournites, —what we mean is, it will draw many more visitors from the neighbouring colonies than any other attraction has yet sufficed to do. All who want to go to Melbourne on business would take care to go when the | "greatship" was there; and all who want to visit Melbourne for a pleasure-trip, or to see the capital of the modern El Dorado, would be sure to go then. We wonder some Melbourne Barnum does not offer a subsidy to the Great Eastern Ship Company, if only for the sake of drawing the southern hemisphere to Melbourne. And it is by no means unlikely that this huge 'specimen of naval architecture will visit this part of the world. Clearly enough the New York trade does not pay; the trade on that line being " paralysed by competition." The fact seems to be established, at least so far as regards the Atlantic trade, that ships beyond a certain tonnage cannot compete financially with smaller ones. In 1860 the loss to the owners was £4,700 pet voyage; in, 1861 it was £6,500 per voyage; in 1862 it wps £4,800 per Toyage; and in 1863, down to the middle of October, it was £6,493 loss per voyage. Every year was a loss, every voyage was a loss, the total loss on the American trade being £161,897. So unlucky has been the New Tork trade that the " big ship " is now dunned by no end of importunate creditors, and the only way of staving off absolute bankruptcy is to raise fresh funds for instant obligations, and then to send the ship out to India or Australia. The final decision of the proprietors was adjourned until November 3, on which day it would be de cided whether tie ship should be absolutely sold to the highest bidder, or whether money should be raised to satisfy the demands of the more pressing creditors, and to place the monster vessel on the Indo-Australian, line. The probability is that she will be placed on the berth, for India or Australia, or for both. Mr. Hawes, at an adjourned meeting of share holders held October 12, submitted the following facts and figures:— " The ship was designed to go at the rate of 14 knots per hour for long voyages, so as to accomplish the distance from England to India or Australia in about 36 days. There was a remarkable unanimity in the public papers as to the capabilities of the ship under good and efficient management. He proposed to show that by taking the expenses of the ship for the past three and a halt years, which were much greater than they ought to be, and assuming them to be the same for the Indian or Austra lian trade during that period, the result would be very different to that of the American trade. About 9,000 or 10,000 tons of coal would be sufficient for the voyage to India, the speed being at the rate of 12§ miles per hour, but they only proposed to go at 11 knots per hour, which would give 2} days more on the voyage, and save a large quantity of fuel. The distance to India round by the Cape of Good Hope would be accomplished in about 43 days. The Peninsular and Oriental Company performed the distance in 38 days, at a charge to each passenger of about £130, while he proposed they should charge £70 out and £80 home for each passenger. There were about 500 or 600 passengers per month between Calcutta and England, and they estimated they would get 200 passengers. There were about 1,000 troops at about £20 each, and there were about 5,000 tons of freight. He calculated £125,000 as the receipts out and home. He estimated the cost of coals at £32,000, victualling at £20,000, wages at £30,000, and port dues, &c.;, at £12,500, or about £94,500. Now if those calculations were correct, the results would be very different from the American voyages. They could not sell die ship at the present time without incurring a loss >f at least £150,000, while, if they would raise £50,000 among them, it would be sufficient to relieve the Company from pressing liabilities and St her out for a voyage to India. They esti mated the present debts of the Company at £35,000, and the outfit of the ship at £25,000. He then read the report of the Committee, which was of considerable length. It spoke in high terms of the engineering skill of Captain Paton, the commander, and that the ship was admirably adapted to the East Indian or Australian trade. She had averaged 12| knots an hour on the American trade, consuming from 240 to 280 tons of coal per day, bat by reducing the speed to 11 knots per hour, a reduction of about one third of the coal would be effected, and she would accomplish the voyage to India in 45 lays, and the consumption would not exceed 9,000 tons of coals. The receipts in three years and a half on the American trade only amounted to £153.000, including £33,000 received from persons visiting the vessel; but on tiie Indian or Australian trade they would have obtained in the same tame £600,039, at a cost of only £170,000, leaving an ample margin for every thing, including good dividends on the ordinary shares." The tenor of the above remarks is strongly in favor of the Indian trade only, but Mr. Scott Russell, the builder of the ship, followed with a few observations to the effect that the Great Eastern was admirably adapted for the Aus tralian trade. The report of the Special Com mittee appointed to investigate the affairs of the Company affirms that the receipts of five Aus tralian voyages would probably treble the receipts of the three years and a-half on the American trade. It may be doubtful whether die Great Eastern will take 60 large a portion of the Indian trade as to justify re stricting her to that line; and we may therefore not unreasonably expect to see in these waters the greatest wonder of naval architecture the world has ever produced. 