AGRIGULTURAL REPORT. Wednesday, Nov. 30. The changeB in the pioduce market since last week have been trifling. Good flour still sells readily for immediate use, but inferior sorts arriving now have to be stored. The quantity of Adelaide or other first-rate flour on hand is small ; but new flour will be very shortly coming in from South Australia, and it will not be many weeks now before the up country millers will be able to get to work again foi the supply of their own districts. The weather is setting in so dry that the wheat this year will be fit for tho mill almost as soon as reaped ; and the millers will, no doubt, be anxious to make up for all the timo lost while their mills have been idlo. Oats have been in better de- mand, and prices are firmer, in consequence of the reported failure of this crop in several parts of this colony, and the falling-off in the supply of maize coming forward from New South Wales. Notwithstanding the large yield of this grain last season, it is becoming apparent that there will be no moro than enough to last until the next orop is gathered. The quantity of hay Bent in this week has not been very large, and prices remain as they were. Much of this crop near town has been got together in very good order, and the average yield will be good, although there ia a complaint of its being light in places. The Ovens district is the earliest in which there is any extent of agriculture, and the re- ports from that agree as to the wheat-crop promising to be good in quality; but the yield, though very much better than that of last season, is not expected to reach a high average. Oats are failing to such an extent that some of the formers who lately sold a portion of last year's crop are said to have purchased this back again, in the hope that this grain must rise considerably in price very shortly. Tho samo reports of the failure of the oat crop from blight continue to reach us from other dist i iota ; but it is impossible to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion as to the extent of mischief done, and is therefore scarcely safe to speculate on the failure, though there is every prospect at present of oats rising. About wheat there appears to be much uncertainty ; but tho gene- ral opinion appears to be tint tho fall will be gradual, and not very great. The quantity grown in Victoria will not bo large, even though the average of the year before last should be reached-and of this there is little prospect ; nor is the surplus in South Australia likely to bo as large as it was last year. The harvest thero ha3 commenced, and will very soon be general-new wheat being already in the market, and pouring in fast, thanks to the Eystem of thrashing it off the standing Btraw in the fiold. Sales have been made at Os. Od. a bushel, for de- livery within three weeks-that is 9d. a bushel less than old wheat is worth; and it will depend entirely on the tactics pur- sued by the millers whether tho price falls much below this for some time or not. If they buy freely-and their stocks must bo so low that they will be almost obliged to do so-prices will ba steady, as the farmers, being just now in very good circum- stances after the comparatively high prices lately recoived by them, will not have any reason for glutting the market. There has been Borne very hot woather ia the neigh- bouring colony, and bush-fires havo been un- usually frequent for this early period. Pleuro pneumonia has killed off eo many of the working bullocks that teams of any kind are in great request, and horses at all fit for draught have lately been sold at a consider- able advance in price, but the demand will only last during the continuance of the wool season. It will have been learned from the report of the trial last week that the improved mower by MesErs. T. Robinson and Co, which woBsomuch admired in the sho w-y ard, took the prize; and the secretary to the Port Phillp Farmers' Society ¡b now desirous of communi- cating with porsons who have a suitable piece of standing corn for the trial of the reaping machines. This trial haa seldom been held until after Christmas Day, bnt this year there is likely to ba wheat ripe much before theD. A majority of the members of the Kilmore and Lancefield societies have deoided on uniting their strength, and forming one so- ciety out of the two-tho title to combine the names of the two places. The committee is to consist of six members from each, and the shows are to be held alternately at Kilmore and Lancefield. On Wednesday next, the Council of the Board of Agriculture ia to meet, and it is to be hoped will then fix on the placa ut which the national grain show is to be held. The sooner the prize-list for this is issued now the better, if it is to be more successful than the show of Block was ; and there is no rea- son why it should not be, for the prizes will be large enough to insure much competition, wherever it is held, and the quality of the grain in all the colonies this year promises to be superior. RootB and fodder plants are not likely to be so good, but these are of little consequence compared with the grain and seeds. Tobacco, grapes, and wine will, doubt- less, receive their due Bhare of attention, but it is too early yet to form any opinion as to what may be expected of these products. A moderate number of entries of wool for the intercolonial show, in January next, have been already received, and intending exhi- bitors who have not yet taken this preli- minary step should remember that all entries muBt be ia the hands of Mr. Macredie on or before the 81st of December, when the amount of the prize money will b3 announced. This show Is looked forward to with much interest by all those directly connected with wool, or influenced either way by the ques- tion of imported or Australian merinos ; and it is to be hoped that the originators will re- ceive sufficient support to allow of their in- tentions being fully carried out. Pleuro-pneumonia is said to prevail again on a few of the stations, and to be kllllng-off moro of the cows and bullocks in town herds in different parts of this colony than it has for some months post. The re-appearance of the disease is to bo looked for from time to time, but there íb now good reason to hope in a milder form at each zecurrenco. It is nearly as bad as ever, apparently, in a few places, owing no doubt to the weakness of the cattle attacked, from a scarcity of feed or other local or temporary cause. The cim mlEBioners do not seem inclined to let the public know the results of their experiments so far, but we have heard that they have not yet succeeded in communicating the disease to the cattle imported from Tasmania, al- though thcEO have been brought in contact in everyway with infected cattle, many of which laEt have died on the ground. This intima- tion will of course bo received with pleasure by thoBO who have refused to believe ia the contagious nature of the disease, if any such there are here still; bat this nice fact will prove nothing until all particulars of the ex- periments tried huve been made known, and these can only be learned from the commis- sioners' report, which they ought to publish beforo all interest in the subject is at au end. Peo WoirruoTON.-Au autograph letter of this once famous octrois sold by auction ia August for £10 5s. 